Text copyright © 2010 by Nicholas Taylor 

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in
a retrieval system or transmitted, in any form, or by any means, electronic,
mechanical, recorded, photocopied, or otherwise, without the prior written permission
of the copyright owner.

This is a work of fiction. Names, places, characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious and are a product of the authors imagination. Any similarity to persons living or dead is coincidental and not intended by the author.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Chapter 1- First Day on the Job

I sat waiting in my car hoping that Ankle would get a move on. I didn’t want to be late to my first day on the job. Soon enough, I heard the low rumble of his Chevy Camaro, lovingly nicknamed The Maro, pulling into the parking lot. There was a light rain this morning, and I remembered watching the poor weatherman the night before try to predict the weather in Denver. He had looked almost confident as he promised partly cloudy skies, but by the end of the broadcast, he had promised sun. When I got up to go to the bathroom at two in the morning, I checked my phone and the weather said snow. 
There was a yellow blur in my rearview mirror as Ankle parked his car. I got out of my car, feeling mist on my face and heavy air fill my lungs. 
We were to enter the building of Riders Insurance on the north side. The lot here was just one lane with parking spots up either side. There was a complex of condos just to the other side of it. A woman glowered out her window at Ankle’s overly loud car. You needed a key card to enter the building, so that’s why I was going to be late for my first day. I didn’t have a card yet, and Ankle said he was going to be on time. 
The Maro went silent and a six foot seven man stepped out of the car. Well, he didn’t look like a man; he still looked like he was seventeen despite being twenty four. Ankle had short, spiky blond hair and blue eyes. I suddenly felt out of place looking at him. I opted for a tie today, but all Ankle had on was a pair of cargos and a button up shirt that looked like it had been balled up in the back seat about ten minutes ago. 
He walked toward me with a limp.
“Sprain your ankle again?” I asked without concern. This was how he got his nickname Ankle. He would go and play basketball twice a week and to his credit, he was good for a white kid from suburbia. But he was even better at injuring himself during games.
“No, I think I just rolled it. Sorry I’m late. I fell asleep in the shower. Don’t worry, I’ll tell Larry it’s not your fault. What did you do last night?”
“Thanks, I didn’t do too much.”
“Oh yeah, just looked at porn on the internet?”
“You know it; did you download anything good last night yourself?”
“I saw a video of you and your ex girlfriend on a horse porn site.”
“Do you look at a lot of animal porn?” I asked inquisitively.
Ankle was quite for a second. “Only when I’m with your mom.”
I knew I had won. As soon as Ankle was at a loss for something to say, he turned to the middle school your mom jokes. 
We walked up to the three-story red brick building and Ankle hit his butt against a flat gray keypad. To my amazement, it beeped and the door opened.
“What the hell?” I asked, truly stunned.
Sarcasm oozed from Ankle’s answer. “Well you see, we need key cards to get in this building and so you have to—”
“I know that retard—that’s why I’ve been in the parking lot for twenty minutes. Do you have yours shoved up your butt?”
“Oh no, I keep it in my wallet, but its arse high for me.”
I shook my head. There would be time to make fun of that later. We entered the building which felt sweltering compared to the chilly morning outside. There was a short cream-colored hall with a dark brown door on either side. Ankle walked to the one on the right and once again hit his magnetic butt against the key pad. It beeped and not wanting to be stuck out in the hall, I followed closely behind as he walked in. 
To my left was a large area of gray blue cubicles and opposite that to my right was an office and a conference room. On the wall facing the door was an off-white refrigerator that didn’t look like it belonged in a Fortune 500 company. The office that was next to me had one of those sliver windows next to the door, like the ones in high school that made to feel like you weren’t able to handle a full window until you were all grown up. On the window, a little silver placard read ‘Larry P’. 
We entered the office to see a short plump man slumped behind a fake Cherry Wood desk. His hair, or what was left of it, was wispy white and matched a long mustache sprouting beneath his nose. He had on large glasses and a short-sleeved dress shirt that screamed ‘I’m in insurance.’ I almost expected to see a pocket protector. My eyes flicked to the wall and its assorted customer service awards and accreditations that Larry received over the years of auditing insurance.
“Sorry we’re late Larry, I had a slow start.”
Larry looked pointedly at the clock on the wall and then back at Ankle. “In truth, this is the earliest I’ve seen you in a month. Maybe you and Mr. Morison here should car pool.”
He gestured to me and Ankle chuckled. I don’t think that he realized that Larry wasn’t kidding. Larry dismissed Ankle and asked me to sit down in one of the waiting room like chairs that lined his office. He tapped a couple of things out on the computer and turned back to me. 
“Ok, well your team lead will be here momentarily and she will show you around and get you all setup. You have a meeting with HR at one to sign paper work and that’s about it. Sorry, I would do this myself, but were having some issues with our fax machines that need attending.”
“Ok thank you. If you want, I can look at them while were waiting. I’m good at fixing fax machines.”
A painful smile crossed Larry’s face. “Sorry, let me add some detail to that. We’ve been losing faxes and we don’t know why. They’re printing; we know that much, but after that—well, I don’t know.”
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that…” I trailed off.
“That’s ok,” he said. I swore I heard him mutter something about Bourbon in his desk.
Before long, a woman entered the office. She was in black slacks with a long sleeved deep blue shirt. Black hair framed what looked like an Italian face. Her dark eyes looked warm and inviting and she wore a small smile that I suspected was always there. There was a soft waft of some expensive perfume coming from her. It was a sharp contrast to the musty sent of Larry’s office. She glanced once at Larry who didn’t seem to know I was there anymore. 
“Hi, I’m Christen. I’ll be your new team lead,” she said enthusiastically. As she spoke, she flashed me a bright smile showing straight, white teeth. She held out her hand to shake mine. Her hand was soft and warm. “Thanks, it’s nice to meet you.” 
It was nice to meet her. Larry seemed a bit off to me and Christen was bouncy and happy. She didn’t belong at an insurance company. She escorted me to my cube, which was against a window to an indoor garden. I heard the sound of someone chattering on the phone in the cube to my left. 
I sat down at the L-shaped desk. Above me were stony gray cabinets that matched the desktop. There were two sets of file cabinets as well. The one closest to the wall and indoor jungle was two drawers tall and standard looking. The one on the other side of the desk was longer, a double wide so to speak. The air smelled dusty and stagnant and I figured the cubes made air circulation difficult. I looked at the blank, flat screen monitor in front of me. Christen sat down on the desk and held out of sticky note for me.
“These are all of your passwords and the number for the helpdesk.”
“Ok, thanks. Will I need the helpdesk’s number today?”
“Most likely. Managers aren’t allowed to call on password problems and IT usually doesn’t set people up right. In truth, you may not even be able to login for a week or so.”
“Ok,” I said, wondering what on earth I was going to do with the day. She smiled at me in an ‘I’m so sorry for you’ sort of way.
“Look, I’m in the cube at the end of the row. Let me know when you get all logged in, or if you can’t get logged in, and then I will take you on a tour of the office and later you can go meet HR.”
She looked like she wanted to say more but she got up and walked away. I flicked on the computer and heard its fan whirl as the computer came to life. Well, I thought it was coming to life. I saw script after script flash across the screen as it tried to bring up Windows. For a moment I thought I was going to need to call IT about the computer not working. 
Ankle’s voice startled me. “Hey bro.”
I turned. “Does this thing always take this long?”
“Yeah, every morning. Just wait until it needs updates. So, I assume you met Manager?” 
“Who is Manager?”
“Oh sorry—Christen. That’s her nickname. That or manager lady; either works.”
I chuckled and the computer beeped. I turned back to the screen. It was asking for my username and password. I typed in ‘bmorrison5’ and then tabbed to the password. I entered the long stream of numbers and letters indicated on the sticky note. The computer chirped telling me my password was wrong. I tried again and again. It continued to tell me my password was wrong. Ankle sighed.
“Sorry, you’re going to have to call the helpdesk. That sucks man.”
He walked away after giving me a look. I picked up the phone that was on my desk and dialed the helpdesk’s number. There were four rings and then an automated message. Eight selections later, a man with a thick accent answered the line.
“Tank you fo calling the Riders Insurance helpdesk, my name is Steve, is d’is a new or existing ticket?”
“New.”
“What office are you calling from?”
“Denver.”
“Thank you, one moment. Ok and what is your phone number?”
I gave him my number, also from the sticky note. Manager was planning on me having to call the helpdesk. Then he asked for my name and my department; then he asked for my date of birth and email address. Finally, he was done.
“Ok, Mr. Morison, what is the problem?”
“I’m trying to log in to my computer and it’s saying my password or username is wrong.”
There was a huff on the other end of the phone. “Sir you have contacted the wrong line. Please call back and pay attention to your selections next time. Tank you and have a wonderful day.”
Then there was silence. I sat dumfounded for a moment and then dialed again, this time paying closer attention.
“Tank you fo calling the Riders Insurance helpdesk, this is Bill. Is this a new or existing ticket?”
“New, oh wait it may be existing.”
The voice was the exact same as before. “Steve?” I asked.
“No sir, I told you my name is Bill.”
I knew it was the same guy. He was just using the name of the person he had talked to before. I gritted my teeth and gave Bill or Steve or whatever his name was all of my information again. When I hung up an hour later, my hand was trembling with nerves. I got up to go tell Manager I was done. When I got to her desk, she was on the phone. She handed me a thick green binder with a sticky that said ‘read this’. I went back to my desk and read about Riders Insurance the company until lunch, when finally Ankle came and rescued me. 
We went to Wendy’s. Since Riders only gave us a half an hour, there wasn’t much time for talking. When I came back to my desk, manager lady was there writing a note on another yellow sticky.
“Hey manager, what’s up?”
She glared at Ankle. “Nothing. HR said they can see you as soon as you’re back from lunch.”
“Oh, ok.”
She lead the way though the maze-like building until we arrived at a small office with the lights out. There was a computer on a desk in the corner that had every ergonomic attachment conceived by man. The glare guard, the ergonomic keyboard, a little stand for the monitor—everything. It was like an infomercial gone horribly wrong. There was a man sitting in the room, but he was hard to make out in the gloom. He gestured for me to sit. I walked in and Manager followed me. She seemed a little uncomfortable. We sat down and waited for the man to talk.
“So Bill is it? How is your first day going?”
“It’s goo—.”
I was cut off. “That’s great to hear. I’m glad you’re settled in. Is your desk comfortable?”
“Ye—”
“Good!” He cut me off again. “Let me know if you need anything…” He let it hang out there like he was about to try and sell me drugs. “Maybe a glare guard?”
“I’m ok.”
“Are you sure?” 
“Yes, I have a keyboard, a chair, and a mouse; I’m fine”
“So you’re better than the people who need glare guards? Is that what you’re telling me?”
I spluttered, “No I didn’t mean to say—”
“Just messing with you. So, let me tell you a bit about Riders.”
It was as if I wasn’t there. He waxed on eloquently about the company’s history, and how wonderful of an opportunity I was getting, and that I had found my one true home. It was hard to listen to, but finally he was done. He turned back to his computer and started typing. I opened my mouth to talk, but manager placed her hand on my arm and mouthed ‘that’s our cue’. There was no paperwork to sign, nothing to fill out—nothing. It was as if he was a hologram from some sci-fi show and I wondered if he just starting giving his little speech at random times throughout the day. She pulled me from the office, and as soon as we were out of earshot, she shuttered as if she had just seen a car wreck.
“Yew, that guy creeps me out!” she exclaimed.
I had to agree with her on that. He was creepy and I was looking forward to reading more about Riders in my green notebook. Anything would have been better than that. 

After more hours of monotonous reading, quitting time could not come fast enough. I rushed out of the door seeing my silver Impreza waiting to assist me in my get away. When I sat down in the car, I let out a long breath. Today was horrible. Maybe I wouldn’t come back in the morning. There was a rap at my window. It was Manager. I rolled it down.
“Hey don’t forget this,” she said and handed me a keycard.
“Thanks.”
“Don’t worry, it gets better. You look like I did after my first day.”
“Thanks, I think.”
“See ya tomorrow,” she said walking away.
“See ya,” I said as I turned on the car.

Chapter 2 – Training 

I arrived ten minutes early just to make sure that I told Larry hi so I could show him that I wasn’t like Ankle, and that he could count on me to be on time. He grunted a ‘good morning’ to me, and I swear there was the slight smell of Bourbon in his office. I made my way to my desk, feeling the poorly filtered air filling my nose and agitating my allergies. The office was relatively quiet this time of morning as people were still waking up, and it was too early for the phones to ring.
I sat at my desk and turned on the computer waiting for it to load up. My log in worked today which was nice. I opened up my email to find that I already had fifteen unread messages. Most ended up being welcome messages from faceless mass address lists. 
One calendar invite told me I had a meeting with the department trainer. From the looks of it, the meeting was three hours long. I wish I had brought some no-doze. 

Soon Manager lady was in and she took me on a tour of the office, introducing me to various members of the staff. I didn’t remember any of their names, but tried to come up with nicknames for each. It was a trick I learned to remember people. One that I did remember was Adrian. She sat in the cube next to me. She was nice, one of those people who says ‘thank you’ when you ask them a question. It was also nice sitting next to someone around my age. Adrian couldn’t have been older than twenty six or twenty seven. Across from her was Star Wars, or at least that’s how I knew him. He was a rather odd man, in his late thirties best I could tell. He was tall like Ankle, wore his pants like Urkel, and sported a powder-blue fanny pack. 
There was an assortment of spaceship replicas on his desk and a song in some language from the Star Wars movies on his wall. Maybe it was Ewok—I wouldn’t know. I didn’t linger long at his desk, and he bid me farewell with the traditional, ‘may the force be with you.’ At that same moment, Adrian had made a choking sound, and I was pretty sure she was trying to take a drink and had been caught off guard.
The morning dragged on full of nothingness, which in truth was kind of nice. It would have been better if Riders didn’t have their IT people remove Solitaire from all of the computers but hey, I was still on the clock. Manager-lady gave me a map of the building that was three pages long. On each page was a large box: that was the building; then there were smaller boxes inside the big box that were supposed to be conference rooms. There was nothing mentioning elevators, bathrooms, or stairwells. In short, no points of reference at all. It was more like modern art. All of the conference rooms had names that had nothing to do with what part of the building they were in. There was the Littleton room, the Aurora room, the Boulder room. All great names if you were new to the Denver metro area and wanted to know the surrounding cities and counties; but I was from Denver and lived in Littleton. At least I was represented. I could only imagine the shame the people in Centennial had to endure: they didn’t even get a bathroom named after them.
It was almost time for my marathon session with the department trainer. The meeting was to take place in the Glendale room. Our computers had AOL Instant Messenger installed on them so I was able to IM Ankle and find out which room Glendale was. Just my luck—it was the room next to Larry’s office. I marked all of the corresponding pages with compasses documenting the new insight, but I still didn’t think that map was going to be much help.

At nine, I grabbed a legal pad and a pen and started towards the Glendale room for training. I saw Adrian walking back from the fridge, or maybe she was coming from the department store, which was ingeniously called NWG for ‘need it, want it, got it’; at least that’s what people thought it stood for.

Adrian was cute, average height, and thin with shoulder length chocolate brown hair and matching eyes. She was wearing a light perfume, which I appreciated. There was nothing worse than sitting next to the perfume lady.
“Hey Bill, where you headed?” 
“I’m starting training, should be lots of fun.”
She looked somber for a moment. “Look Bill, just stick it out and I promise it will get better.”
She reached out and squeezed my arm in an almost apologetic way, then walked back to her desk. I shook my head not knowing what to make of, well whatever that was. When I entered the Glendale room there was a slightly pudgy guy with spiked black hair and huge ears sitting at the head of a large conference table pecking away at a ancient looking laptop. I sat down and he looked up and held out his hand for me to shake. His handshake was firm but his hands felt clammy or maybe it was pomade. He looked like the kind of guy who spent most of the day running his hand through his hair in frustration.
“Hi there, I’m Chris. I’m our department trainer; people around here call me Yoda.”
As he spoke, he scratched his oversized ear. “Oh because of your ears; okay that’s cool.”
He looked at his hand a little confused and a little hurt. “N…no because I train everyone and know a lot of stuff like Yoda; um, not um my ears. Well let’s get started.” 
Yoda busied himself with the laptop again and I kicked myself. 
“Ok well you need to learn how to audit, so let me go over the basics. We do commercial lines insurance here and this class that you’re in now is for Workers Compensation policies, ok?”
“Alright, so that’s if you get hurt at work, right?”
“Yes. You will be learning how to classify employees and figuring out how much we need to charge people.”
“Classify?”
“See, depending on what kind of work a company does and more important what kind of work employees do, insurance rates are different, thus there is a classing system. For example, a door to door salesman in all but a few states would be classified as 8742. We here in a clerical job, we are 8810. Obviously there is a higher chance of a salesman getting hurt than someone in an office.”

That was only the beginning. Yoda went on for the whole three hours! I listened to him talk about classifications and exposures and rating and a bunch of stuff that went right over my head. When the three hours were almost up, he explained that I was going to be in class every day for two weeks until I was done with the course. Then Yoda was going to look over all of my audits for a month to make sure I didn’t jack them up too bad.
Don’t get me wrong, Yoda was a nice guy and he had a good sense of humor, but despite his best efforts, I was ready for bed by the time class was over. To my complete and utter horror, just as I stood up to leave, he gave me a book to read. Well, it was actually a three ring binder, but still—it was all about insurance and obviously written by lawyers. My life as I knew it was over.

Back at my desk, I had an IM waiting from Horsechick, at least that was their screen name. I typed, “umm, hi…who are you?” in the message window. Adrian popped her head around the corner.
“It’s me. How was class?” 
She came around then sat on my desk. Right as she sat she popped up like something shocked her. “Oh, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t just sit on your desk like that.”
“Don’t worry, I didn’t pay for it.”
She smiled and sat back down. “Thanks, so what do you think?”
“Well it was boring, but Yoda seems cool. How’s your day going?”
She nodded at Star Wars and grimaced. “He farts!” she said in a whisper.
“What?”
“He sits at his desk and farts, then fans it away. It drives me nuts.”
“Are you serious? I would never fart around a chick.”
“You’d better not.” 
She looked over her shoulder at him and shuttered. 

“On a different note, Ankle went to lunch already. He has his scheduled because he’s on the phones. So since he already left, do you want to go?”
“He told you his nickname?”
She laughed and I heard an exaggerated huff from Star Wars’s direction. “Yeah he did, so?”
“I would love to go to lunch, thanks.”

We went to a place called Black Cow. It was a small deli and pretty good. We had to make lunch fast. I think she wanted to get away from Star Wars, but I appreciated her taking me.

As a sat at my desk, I cracked open a Coke and opened the training manual. The rest of the afternoon passed in a haze, and I felt myself slipping into a coma. Come to think of it, I wanted to be in a coma; it couldn’t be worse than this. 

I’m not sure when I stopped seeing the world around me or how long it took, but I felt my head bobbing lightly as I tried to stay conscious. There were pretty lights all around me and I felt light and wonderful. Then I noticed my mouth and chin were cold and wet. A dull pain erupted in my nose and I felt myself slipping out of my chair. I caught myself and rubbed my sleeve across my mouth wiping the drool away. 
Adrian scooted around the corner. “Are you ok?”
She looked worried for a moment but after taking me in, she started to laugh. “You fell asleep, didn’t you?”
Star Wars harrumphed at her and she repeated her playful accusation in a whisper. “You fell asleep?”
“Maybe,” I said feeling my face getting warm as blood rushed to it. 
“That’s priceless. I have to tell Manager-lady—she’ll love it!”
She flitted off and came back with Manager-lady close in tow. She was laughing. “Adrian just told me you fell asleep and hit your head on your desk.”
I tried to sound outraged but I felt the smile creeping across my face. “Well maybe if this place provided a safe work environment like is mandated in the workers compensation act of 1901 or something like that then it wouldn’t have happened.”
They both guffawed and Manager-lady spoke. “Do you think you can handle the hazardous work for the rest of the day?”
“Yeah, I think so. I only have twenty minutes left, but thanks for your concern.”
They both went back to their cubes and I checked to make sure my nose wasn’t bleeding. I did hit it pretty hard. I ignored IM’s from Ankle asking how my head was feeling. I was ready for the end of the day. 

Chapter 3 – The Logo

All in all, I had to admit that the first month of my job had gone  pretty well. The training was a nightmare, but that only took a few weeks and now I was on to “bigger and better things” as Larry had put it. 
I was in the payroll services market group. That meant when people used a payroll company, sometimes that company would take care of their insurance and forward all of the audit information to us. I was picked for this honor because I had a background in payroll. They were supposed to be easy audits and for the most part they were, but it was the customers that sucked royally. As soon as I realized  I was to be working with payroll companies, memories from my last job came flooding back.  
These people were incapable of doing anything other than their trade; that’s why they paid payroll companies ridiculous amounts of money to do a simple task. Basically, they needed their hands held and didn’t have a clue how to fill out paperwork. 
Our help staff compounded all of the problems with payroll services. Most of them were fine but the person that payroll services was assigned, Moleth, was a true nightmare. She was the female version of Milton from Office Space, but at least Milton was lovable in a way. It was to the point that when she came by my desk, I turned up my iPod and prayed that she went away.
Speaking of my iPod, now that I was listening to it all day long, I needed something new. I strolled over to Adrian’s cube. Our two work spaces couldn’t have been more different. Where mine looked relatively the same as it did the day that I started, Adrian’s was fully decorated and appeared to be feng shui’d. She had a bamboo plant that would die and be replaced every two weeks, so the living element was there. Then there were the pictures of family and friends: the family element. The computers ran hot here so that was the fire element, and there was a huge container of water, ergo the water element. 
I wasn’t sure about what things were supposed to be elements in feng shui. My mom had a go at it for a while, but after the fire element serenely burned down part of the living room, the Littleton fire department put the kybosh on our inner peace.
Adrian didn’t seem to see me standing over her shoulder.
“Hey A,” I said.
She held up her hand. “Hold on, I’m in a good part.”
I waited for the good part to end, and after a moment she reluctantly paused her iPod. “What’s up?”
“I wanted to know what you listen to all day long. I need some new music.”
Her eyes lit up. “Books!”
“Books?”
“Yes, right now I’m listening to this amazing podcast novel I found on Podiobooks.com. It’s called Legon Awakening. It’s so good and the author’s voice—so hot,” she said breathless at the end.
I laughed. “Sounds like you’re in love.”
“Shut up; but he does have a sexy voice and the story is great. If you want, I can put it and a few other books on your iPod.”
“Yeah, that would be great.”
Manager-lady walked by telling everyone that they needed to go stand outside of Larry’s office for an impromptu meeting. I slowly started to Larry’s office like everyone else. These meetings usually meant that someone was getting some customer service award. I didn’t care. As we gathered outside his office, Larry was already waiting for us. He was smiling widely and holding a lurid green cowboy hat. He seemed to be growing impatient waiting for us, but it was a happy impatient; like a five year old on Christmas morning.
“Hello, hello, is everyone here?” he said peering around.
“Ok good. Well, today I have some great news. As some of you are aware in the recent merger Riders lost its logo. This logo has been the icon of the company for over one hundred years and is a symbol in the insurance industry. Sadly, before we could trademark it again, a bar in Austin purchased the rights. I’m sure you were all as hurt as I was when the news hit but we have been vindicated!”
We were talking about a logo? I couldn’t believe it. This had to be the biggest waste of time in corporate history.
“Well, we have been in talks with the bar for almost two years and I am proud to announce…” He placed the green hat on his head and raised his arms in triumph.
“We got it back!”
There was a cheer from the group and I looked around trying to figure out what the good news was. These people were actually happy about this. To my surprise, there was only a few who didn’t seem to care. 
Star Wars chimed in. “So sir, tell us how we got it back?”
“That is a good question. It wasn’t cheap, but worth it. The Logo it self only set us back 400 million dollars and the company has popped for additional 30 million for all of you to get a hat of your own!” he said pointing to the stack of boxes in the corner of his office. 
Larry was giggling with glee and I felt like I was in the twilight zone wondering when I crossed into crazy land. The company spent 400 million on a logo, and I couldn’t get a box of tissue? Oh, and I was not wearing the hat; there was no way.

When I arrived at work the next day, I was wearing the green shirt we all had been given to celebrate. Our office was going to be featured on the company’s home page. At high noon, we were all to put on our hat and stand outside. Then our building’s tenants would be arranged into the shape of the Riders’ cowboy hat in the parking lot. There were going to be photographers on site and we were supposed to turn in an essay about how happy we were about the return of the hat. As far as I was concerned, the world wasn’t turning anymore. To my relief Yoda, Ankle, Adrian, and I were all upset about it. 
So was the other guy on my market group team. His name was Chester and the first time I met him I thought to myself, this has to be a joke; It wasn’t. Chester was what a pedophile should look like. Everyday, he wore khaki pants with a faded polo. His hair was short and sandy colored. He was a little over weight and always wore a tan windbreaker. He also wore prescription Oakley glasses which on a regular person would make them look good and en vogue. For Chester however, they seemed to add to the molester motif that he had going. It didn’t help that he ate lunch in the park with a bag of candy everyday either. I didn’t think he was a child molester but I wouldn’t be surprised to see him on “How to Catch a Predator.” In truth, most people would trust their kids with Michael Jackson before Chester.
Anyway, apparently the picture was going to be set in our parking lot.  In the back of the building there was a single level parking garage. The top was level with the bottom floor of the building with one level below it. The pavement was painted in concrete grey. It was made of concrete but hey, why not paint it to give it that extra something. 
As noon approached and we exited the building to assemble at our designated spots, I realized that I desperately wanted to transfer to claims. There was a rumor floating around the building that the claims manager only hired attractive women in that department. After some investigation, I discovered that this was an outright lie. They weren’t attractive—they were goddesses. It was highly unlikely that any of them could spell insurance, but who cared? Honestly, we made a lot of money and hot people needed jobs too, right? Rumor also had it that one was a former Broncos cheerleader. If that was just a rumor and one of them wasn’t a cheerleader, then they should be. To my great pleasure, claims was to stand next to audit and all of the guys from our department shuffled to be next to them. Well, all of the single guys did. The married ones just gave us dirty looks. Not that they thought we were pigs, but because they knew their wedding rings would put a quick stop to any flirting. I felt for married guys. Those rings were like giant neon sign that read, ”don’t talk to me home wrecker.” 
Having the picture taken wasn’t as bad as I originally thought it was going to be. It was fast, too. Some prick stood on a wobbly ladder and pointed until we got it right. The claims girls seemed to light up when the pictures were taken and I imagined that most of the them probably wanted to be models…or maybe they were models. I decided to get to know the claims department a little better.  I needed a partner.  Chester was single; I mean he had a girlfriend but he still counted himself as single. At any rate, it would be nice to have a wingman when I went and talked to the claims girls. 
The walk over was excruciating. It was only four feet but still. Chester was nervous too and I was happy he was there. I had to seem better than a child molester. The angels turned towards us and said hi with smiles that could have been considered weapons of mass destruction. 
“Hi boys, what department are you from?”
“Audit,” Chester said.
“Oh, the Star Wars department with all those weird fans, right?”
Wait, we were in the what department? Oh no; they knew about Star Wars didn’t they. Of course they did; how could they not? He wore his Storm Trooper costume every time there was a convention in town. I had been warned about this!
I had to get us off this topic. “No, only one of us is into that. I mean, not one of us, but some other guy in our department.”
“Oh ok.” She seemed to say it with relief, then looked at Chester.
“I’ve seen you.”
Chester smiled at his perceived good fortune. “Yeah I eat lunch in the park a lot. You’ve probably seen me going over there.”
They all paused and I heard a ripple of “it’s that guy” float through the group. Ok, being with Chester was a bad call. Birds of a feather flock together, right? So now I was either a child molester or a Storm Trooper; what was it going to be? 
“I like Star Wars,” I blurted out. Did I just drop that in conversation as if someone asked me? Yes, I did and I was nodding my head too! 
The girls looked us both over with fake warmth on there faces. One scowled at Chester and the rest looked at me as if I was the Rain Man. I was still nodding; I couldn’t stop myself. My brain was stuck on “duh”.
“Ok well, we need to get back to work. You two have a good day and watch Star Wars for me, k?”
With those short words, the world stopped moving for the second time today.


Chapter 4 – How This Really Works 

I rolled into the office ten minutes late. The city was closed in by dense clouds that made getting out of bed near impossible. That didn’t matter; I was late and I wasn’t sure what to do. I didn’t want Riders to think I was a slacker or anything. 
I thought hard and remembered some advice that Ankle gave me my first or second day: There are two doors into the office. Ankle told me that no one noticed if you came in late through the door next to the help people. So that’s what I did. I waved at Adrian as I passed by. She didn’t seem to notice me. Lately she was onto some horror podcast by Scott Sigler or was it a superhero story by Mur Lafferty. It didn’t matter much to me, but I had to admit that listening to books at work was the way to go. Right now I was listening to a good one called Seventh Son. I slid into my seat, my tardiness undetected.
I knew I wasn’t going to get much listening time this morning, as we were starting a cross-training program. Everyone in the office was to sit with each other throughout the day so we could learn what others were doing and supposedly increase our production and quality. We only sat with each person for an hour, so you didn’t learn anything from them, but it was nice to get a chance to talk for an hour without getting in trouble. This morning I was to sit with Mr. Fiasco, Junior. and then Chester. Fiasco was the office clown so his nickname fit, and Junior was his best friend. They played flag football together: Fiasco was a wide receiver and Junior a running back. They were supposed to be good, but I didn’t care much for football. Fiasco was average height but seemed kind of small for a football player. I didn’t know much though, so I wasn’t going to make any judgments. His hair was cut extremely short and his teeth were unnaturally strait and white. They seemed to glint in contrast to his dark skin. Within two minutes of seeing Fiasco and his smile, you knew you had met the class clown and he didn’t disappoint. Junior was slightly taller and thinner and his hair was pulled back into a pony tail. It seemed he always had a look on his face that made you think he was up to something. Usually your suspicions were correct.
When I got to Fiasco’s desk, I caught a brief glimpse of color flash across the screen and he turned his chair to face me.
“Oh Morison, it’s just you. Don’t sneak up like that, man. I thought you were Manager-lady trying to bust me for being on ESPN again.”
I laughed. “So is that what I’m going to learn today?”
“What, how to get on ESPN? Do you know ALT TAB?”
“Doesn’t that switch between apps you have up on your computer?”
“Yes, it does and it’s the best defense you have against management here. See, you need to get on and off the web fast, you know what I mean? It needs to be a flash because they are going to be looking, right.”
I continued listening to Fiasco tell me how to get around most of the company’s internet security so I could check my email and play games online. There were still a few sites that were blocked, but I was confident that I wouldn’t be as bored at work anymore. It amazed me how much he knew. He had figured out all sorts of short cuts and his production and quality were some of the highest in the office. Despite all that, the man bragged about being on six fantasy teams. 
After Fiasco, it was Junior’s turn. When I got to Junior’s desk, he was ready for me. “Now, Fiasco showed you how this is done, right?”
“Yeah, he did.”
“Good. Now I’m here to show you how to find the time to enjoy luxuries like ESPN, ok? I mean, you spend all day gettin' PH’s don’t you?”
PH’s were stats in the system that we logged for our production credit. Each time we completed an audit, we would enter the PH stat. At the end of the day, if we had 18, we were golden.
“Yeah, I guess if you think about it, there isn’t much time.”
He smiled. “And that just don’t work. So here’s how this works; now understand I’ve been here a long time, so you should think of this as kind of an honor learning this after only a month.”
Sitting with Junior over the next little while, I learned more ways to cut corners than I ever thought possible. The beauty of it all was that none of these time-saving maneuvers actually affected any of the audits so our quality people would never find out. 
Next, it was onto Chester’s desk. Chester did not have a whole lot to teach me, but I did learn that he was convinced that the world was out to get him. Apparently, he had discovered that management had a meeting every week. He thought it was solely about him and they just said it was a weekly planning meeting. But oh no, he was on to them. 
“Don’t look at me like that. I can prove it, Bill.” 
He leaned in conspiratorially. “You remember last week when I got all of those policies that I had to make phone calls on?”
I was surprised to hear myself whispering along. “Yeah.”
“Well that day I saw Pam and Manager-lady glancing at me and talking low and then…”
“What?”
“Then I got all those crap policies. Don’t you see? There out to get me. They want my production and quality to tank so they can fire me.”
“You mean Pam, the team lead over customer service?”
“Yeah.”
Granted, I had only been here a short while, but to my knowledge she had nothing against Chester. I shook my head. Pam and Manager-lady were longtime friends so I was sure they talked a lot at work.
“Chester buddy, I know that Conspiracy Theory was a cool movie but honestly man.” 
“So what, you think that I’m making this up? Your one of them, aren’t you?”
I rolled my eyes. “You found me out. Oh no, now all of our plans will be ruined. What ever will I tell the Velvet Hand?”
“What’s the Velvet hand?” he asked looking suspicious.
I acted shocked. “You figured it out! The name of our organization, the one that’s plotting your down fall!”
Chester gave me the middle finger. “F you dude.”
I couldn’t help but laugh. I stood up, went back to my cubicle, and IM’d Yoda to see if he was ready for lunch. Yoda and I had become quick friends and we went to lunch most days. We invited Chester, but he brought his lunch and sat in the park. Sometimes Ankle and Adrian would come with but mostly it was just the two of us. Today, Ankle was busy for lunch but Adrian joined us.
There wasn’t much  of a fast food selection next to the Riders building, which was a little astonishing to me. It was located right by a high way. There was food next to where we worked but we only took a half an hour for lunch. We worked right off of I-25 and Orchard but all of the good places were around Dry Creek, which was only two exits down from us. Panera, Spicy Pickle, BW2’s—all so close yet so far. I could almost taste the wings at BW2’s as I sat in Yoda’s car. Our only saving grace was Good Times, and we usually saved it for special occasions or when one of us was having a bad day.
“So where do you guys want to eat?” Yoda asked.
“I don’t care whatsoever. Bill do you have an opinion?” Adrian asked me.
“Today is a Good Times day. I don’t think I can make it though the afternoon without a Big Daddy bacon burger and some rings.”
They both guffawed. Adrian asked, “Did Fiasco and Junior give you a hard time?”
“No, but I think Chester thinks I’m in a clandestine organization called the Velvet Hand that’s out to get him.”
“That’s too funny Chester cracks me up, but is that all?”
“No, Larry told me I had to sit with Star Wars this afternoon.”
“For how long?”
“’Til three.”
Yoda almost jerked the car off the road as he held back his amusement. “That’s going to suck man.”
“Tell me about it. Maybe we should go to Taco Bell so I can get a bean burrito or something. I want to be able to fight back.”
“Oh that’s gross,” Adrian said. 
Lunch was a fun and an enjoyable reprieve from my day. Back at work, I marched myself over to Star Wars’ cubicle. When I showed up, there he was on the phone talking to some poor customer. He was going on and on about the local Jedi Order that he belonged to and that he looked at Luke Skywalker as a personal hero. I was positive that the customer hadn’t asked anything about Star Wars. 
I had learned through experience that most people don’t like talking to auditors; they always think of the IRS. In fact, a great majority of the time our customers disliked talking to us just about as much as we disliked talking to them. Not Star Wars. He made it a point to call every customer and if he didn’t reach them in person, he left them a long message ending with the spelling of his name—twice. They weren’t short calls either. He kept these poor bastards on the phone for eight or nine minutes before they would inevitably hang up on him, which just made him call back. 
I stood in the cube looking down at Star Wars. He looked so odd sitting there. He was tall and I mean real tall— like 6’7”—with large aviator glasses. I took in my surroundings. On the coat hook was a fanny pack along with a thin greenish flight jacket covered in patches displaying different achievements in the Jedi Order. The Order had always confused me. He wasn’t a Jedi, not that anyone was, but rather a storm trooper, which was the enemy of the Jedi right? His cube was also littered with little models, some of the Millennium Falcon, TIE fighters, and of course the Death Star. My eye caught a piece of paper pinned to the wall of the cube. There were drawings of slug-looking things along the top of it and a strange language that I didn’t recognize. Of course, my inability to not recognize a language didn’t mean much. 
Star Wars hung up the phone and noticed me looking at the paper “What is it?” I asked.
“Ah, funny you should ask. It’s a drinking song written in Huttese.
“In what?”
“Huttese, the language the Hutts speak of course.”
He turned back to his computer to enter his notes from his phone call, continuing to talk about the song the whole time. It was a good thing he turned around too; I was quite literally biting my lip. 
“Would you like me to sing it?”
No, say no, I told myself, but I just couldn’t. “Yes, I would love that.” My voice cracked a bit.
He began to sing still looking at his computer screen. He was moving his arms like he was marching and he was getting louder and louder. I turned to look to Adrian sitting at her desk. She looked like a deer in headlights. She mouthed ‘WTF’ to me. Fat hot tears rolled down my face and I felt my abdomen contract with suppressed laughter. I bit down harder on my lip. I tried desperately not to laugh out loud. A salty metallic taste touched my tongue as my teeth cut into my bottom lip. I took long deep breaths, but the song was long and he was really getting into it. Adrian was doubled over at her desk. Star Wars hit a long high note lifting his hands above his head and Adrian’s knee jerked up hitting the underside of her desk hard. 
I clapped my hand to my mouth, my body shuttered, and Adrian, still trying not to laugh, rubbed her knee with her right hand and flipped me off with her left. 
I knew my lip would throb for the rest of the day but the pain was well worth it. Thankfully, Star Wars noticed only those things that had to do with him, like his lunch and his Jedi Order. I could have been bleeding to death and unless he would get some great glory from saving me, he wouldn’t even see the color red. I learned very little from Star Wars. Like when he completed an audit, it was as if he was writing a book. He covered the paperwork in notes that made no sense whatsoever and there were a ton of them. I remembered Ankle complaining about his work one time and now I understood why. He noted every action he took including walking to the printer. It was more of a journal than an audit. 
By the end of the day I was more then happy to go home. I liked Fiasco, Junior, and even Chester, but sitting and listening to people talk about auditing insurance was tiresome at best. As I walked outside I was almost ran over by Moleth, one of our help staff. I had to jump out of the way to avoid the violently purple Honda. As she passed by me, time seemed to slow down and everything came in to sharp relief. My mind was still working at normal speed; it was the world that slowed down, not me. That being said, it felt like I had a few seconds to take in all of the dents, dings, and scratches on Moleth’s car. I wondered how many people hadn’t been so lucky. Was I destined to be one of those dents? Time resumed its previous pace and I felt myself toppling over. I hit the pavement hard scratching the palms of my hands on the asphalt. I got up cursing and looked around for any more assailants. Moleth was gone and it was highly unlikely she had noticed me. I rushed to my car and gratefully slipped into the protective steel cage and headed home.


Chapter 5 – Just Another Day

I hit the snooze button for the sixth time. I was going to be late no matter what I did so why bother rushing about? I turned my head to see the dim green numbers on my radio alarm. They read 5:45 a.m.. I was screwed. There was no denying it. But on the bright side, I did get an extra few minutes to lie around. Besides it was summer. You were supposed to relax in the summer time. But I didn’t think that Larry or Manager-lady would see it that way. I rolled out of bed and stumbled to the bathroom to brush my teeth. I liked brushing my teeth first thing in the morning. The high tone and vibration of the Sonicare seemed to wake me up, and I had that dentist clean feel too. I hadn’t bothered to turn on the lights in the bathroom yet. That was always the worst part about the ordeal of waking up. 
My bathroom was in two sections, or little rooms you could say. One with a sink, counter, and drawers and the other with the pooper and shower. The two rooms connected like a hall with the vanity room, as my mother put it, opening to the upstairs hall. I reached around the little half wall that separated the two parts of the bathroom and flicked on the light. This was the safest way of going about this: the vanity’s light fixture was seriously bright this early in the morning. There were four halogen bulbs in the long silver bar that could light up a runway. And while this light was great for picking your nose, it was excruciating after a night’s sleep. The light in the other room was a big ball light on the ceiling and wasn’t so bad in the morning. The light bulb in it was a pain to replace so three years or so ago I went green and installed a bulb that said it would last for five years. It was on year three right now but I was skeptical about the five year promise. After all, who actually kept a light bulb box and receipt for five years just in case they needed to return it? Ok, if I was being honest, my dad would have. He still had crap from the sixties. but not me, and that wasn’t just because I wasn’t born until the eighties. 
When the light came on, I squinted my eyes and averted my bleary gaze into the hall. I swore softly not wanting to wake up the cat, the dog, or my mom. After a moment, my vision adjusted and I was able to switch on the lights in the vanity room. I was standing in front of a white sink and a shiny chrome-looking faucet with brass handles arched across it. Behind the sink was the big mirror, like the whole wall big. The guy looking back at me didn’t look good. He needed to be put back in the oven for another two hours before he would be done. 
Up to this point, I was standing on a soft, warm bathmat, but now I had to move to the cold white tile of the bathroom and make my way to the shower. I turned the hot water on full blast and then just a tad of cold. I stepped in and it felt wonderful. I lost my self in steam and everything else nice in this world. When I was done, it was later than I had thought but I was awake and clean. And you don’t want smelly sleepy employees, right? Most mornings I tried my best not to run the hot water out, but normally I didn’t succeed in that goal. Today was no different and it was 6:15 a.m. when I rushed to my car. Now that I was awake, the prospect of being late was getting to me. Thankfully, my car was a time machine. If I was late, I just drove faster thus arriving someplace sooner and changing time. I gunned the engine out of my neighborhood and flew down Wadsworth to C-470. The drive was fine for the most part. It only really sucked in the wintertime or in the afternoon when all the soccer moms were out in force. There was a little bit of a slowdown getting onto I-25 but after that, it was clear all the way to Orchard. It ended up that I was only ten minutes late—well within guidelines. 
My computer whirled to life and I waited. There was a small cough behind me. No! I said to myself. Not again. Make it go away, oh make it go away, I thought. It wasn’t going away and it never would. I swiveled in my chair to look at a short woman. Her hair was a wispy blonde and her nose was a little oversized. She wasn’t fat but she didn’t miss a lot of meals either. She was older looking and tended to twitch and mumble. Moleth was a nightmare in the flesh. This woman made all of those who met her thankful for all the time in their lives she hadn’t been there. She was dense as a brick too. She disproved evolution as well; I was convinced of it. People as dumb as her only stayed alive long enough to pass on genetic material by the good graces of God. 
Her voice grated on me like feedback from a microphone. 
“Go- good morning. You’re a lit little late aren’t you?” she said nodding at me. 
Yes, it was 6:40a.m. and her powers of observation were impeccable. Unless of course she needed to observe anything about her job and then, well…
“Yep I was running a little behind…” I didn’t finish. She wasn’t with me anymore. Oh her body was, yes, but her mind, if it existed, was elsewhere.
“Moleth?” I prodded.
“Yes?” she said looking inquisitively at me, like I was the one that just faded into oblivion. 
She went on. “When I worked fo- for the Department of Defense, we would have gotten fired if we were as late as most of you here are.” For one, Moleth never worked for the Department of Defense. She claimed to be a master programmer from back in the mainframe days. She often talked about her high-paying job with the D.O.D. where she worked on classified projects like the actual Star Wars and the guidance systems for ICBMs. She left because she wanted a more relaxing job. We all knew she never worked on the top secret missile defense system or anything at the D.O.D. She had a hard time using the mouse on her computer, so I was pretty sure missile defense was out of the question. The only possible thing the military could have wanted from her was some software they wanted leaked to the enemy. You know, something  they could steal and upload that would make them blow themselves up. While there is a saying, “All is fair in love and war”, there is still a line in the sand and Moleth was just too far over the line.
I got rid of her as fast as was possible. I found a trick: an iPod can get very loud and headphones block sound to a large extent. The two combined meant that you could ignore most anyone. It was a good trick. Moleth never said anything of value anyway. All she had been doing as of late was talking about her possible vacation to Peru. Apparently it had been in the works for a few years. Moleth was a believer of UFOs. Supposedly there had been crop circles or abductions…something had happened. So, she and her husband were taking a trip down there to help make first contact. Moleth said that the day she checked flights her horoscope was good, and how could you question the paper’s horoscope section? Mine was good today too: I had a chance of success but if it didn’t happen, I would get over it. It was deep. 
I spent the bulk of my morning harassing customers. One guy told me to “F off” so I found a way to make his bill higher. All in all, it was turning out to be a good day. Yoda was in meetings all morning and Adrian had the day off for a horse show she was in. That meant that Chester was going to be my lunch companion. We were going to go to the park for lunch. I wanted to go to some place less creepy with Chester but he was adamant and I was too insecure to sit at McDonald’s alone. 
At noon, I walked to his desk. “Are you ready?”
“Yeah. What did you bring for lunch?” he asked.
“I got a couple of hot pockets from the company store—gourmet.”
He chuckled and we left the building. The late summer air felt great compared to the dusty cold that the building’s AC pumped out. We walked to the opposite side of the building. There was a small park with a swing set and a play area. Kids were running around playing in the gravel, going down the slide, and digging small depressions in the ground with the little swiveling bulldozers that seemed to be in every playground;. others looked like they were playing hide and seek. All were enjoying the beautiful Colorado day. I couldn’t blame them. The sun was out but there was a small breeze that kept it from getting too hot, and the sky was full of clouds that could have been made from cotton balls. Upon seeing our arrival, a raven haired woman scowled at Chester and seemed to take inventory of her children. I felt an uneasy tingle creeping up my spine and I considered telling Chester I would eat at my desk, but my hot pockets would be cold by then. 
We sat on a bench, Chester unwrapped a sandwich, and placed an open bag of Jolly Ranchers next to us. “Want some?” he asked.
I shook my head and bit into the hot pocket. Bad call; it was still very hot and the melted cheese and pepperoni burned my mouth and throat. As I sat there for a few minutes, my mind went into overtime and my unease was now panic. He had candy at a park and he looked like a child molester. I looked around for flashing lights and I thought I heard sirens but I knew it was all in my head. 
Chester spoke jerking his head at the mothers around the park, all of whom were clumped together, better to protect the herd. 
“I hate these chicks.”
“Why is that?” 
“They always give me dirty looks and tell me to go away, like I don’t have the right to be here. Riders owns this park.”
“Why do they tell you that?” I knew the answer.
“I don’t know. I’ve tried to be nice to them. I offer their kids candy and I even brought them some toys one day. That one over there told me she was calling the cops.”
He harrumphed. “People these days, huh.”
“Yeah, well people are protective of their kids. They’re lots of creeps out there, you know.”
“See and I think that’s BS too. I’ve watched that ‘How to Catch a Predator’ show and if it isn’t staged then it’s entrapment and should be taken off the air.”
“You don’t think stopping pedophiles is a good thing?”
“A, it’s staged, I guarantee it, and B, it’s jacked up to try and get someone to break the law and then expose them on TV before they do anything wrong.”
He looked in his bag to get something else to eat. I scooted away on the bench as I saw the mothers watching us, comprehension dawning on their faces. One mouthed, “Do you work with that guy?” 
I nodded and she mouthed, “What’s wrong with him?” 
I shrugged my shoulders and mouthed, “I’ll try and get him away from here.” 
They all smiled at that and mouthed “good luck” with a thumbs up. Chester wasn’t a danger; I knew that. Well I hoped that, but I still didn’t think it was good for him to be here. What if some father came by? The dude would probably be justified in starting a fight. I would try to get Chester to eat lunch with us more often and try to get him to eat in the building if I could. When we were done, I was able to convince him that if he gave the mothers a few days off they may improve and reminded him that the claims girls ate in the building. He said he thought that eating inside for a few days might not be a bad idea, but that he wasn’t sure. 
The rest of my day was a blur after the uncomfortable lunch. Moleth talked to me some more about her trip. I was getting to the point where I was more excited about her leaving than she was, but it wasn’t going to be for a while so I would have to make due until then. 
 

Chapter 6 – Be On Our EAC

I found myself walking away from my desk, away from the customers, and away from, well everything. There were times in Corporate America where you had to say enough and this was one of those days. I walked out of the prison of cubicles and into the hall. Opposite me was the door that led to our customer service unit. Maybe Ankle wouldn’t be busy and I could relax at his desk for a while. I walked to the door and swiped my key card against the gray door pad. It beeped and the door clicked open. I walked in to a bright room. It was smaller by far than the one I was in and along its length were windows with a view of the parking lot. The cubes were a grayish cream white with low walls so you could take in the whole room unhindered. It was very noisy since customer service spent their days on the phone. And it’s not like people called to say thanks for billing me. 
The people in customer service were always happy and fun to be around and I couldn’t help but wonder why. They took angry phone calls all day long. I walked to Ankle’s cube, third down in the row against the windows. He was finishing up a call and held a finger up to me. His desk was clean for the most part but there was always a ruler or something like that on it. His calls were recorded so it would be wrong of me to try to distract him, but I just couldn’t resist. I picked up a red ruler on his desk and poked his ear with it. He attempted to hold up his hand to push it away but he was on a cord and I wasn’t. The idea was simple: get him to mess up his call and enrage the customer, then do it some more. It was a great game and totally fun. By this point, he had turned himself so he was halfway facing me, trying to work the computer with his left hand and block with his right. I could hear the lady screaming on the phone. I picked up a big eraser and poked at his head with the ruler. He went grabbing for the ruler and I tossed the eraser at his groin…direct hit! I didn’t throw it hard but he lurched forward a bit trying not to make a sound. In his hesitation, I was able to get a few jabs in with the ruler. Finally, he was done with the call.
“You dick, I hate you! But that was a good move with the eraser. What’s up?”
“I can’t take it over there anymore.”
“That sucks. I feel ya.”
He paused as a large woman walked by the window outside, lighting a cigarette. It wasn’t that she was big like fat but tall and meaty. Her hair was a short dingy blonde and she was wearing a dark brown trench coat. I noticed Ankle writing on a peace of paper.
“What is that?”
“It’s the smoker log. We take turns with it”
“The what-er log?”
“We track how many smoke breaks people take. It gives us something to do. To make it more interesting, we came up with names for them. See like that one there is Hagrid.” 
She did look like Hagrid with the coat and her immense size.
He went on, “Have you seen that lady who always wares tie-dye?”
“Sure.”
“Paintball Massacre.”
Then the list started. Ankle pointed to a tall thin woman who was rather cute, her name was Virginia Slim. Then there was a red-faced man that was named Sundance and his friend, a woman with short hair called Butch. There was a white SUV that got a coned off spot next to the door. Apparently her husband threatened to kill her like two years ago and she said that she needed a close parking spot so she wouldn’t get hurt. She was outside smoking or talking every time I went by a window and so I thought she was full of crap. Her smoker name was Handicap. When she wasn’t in the office, we still weren’t allowed to take the parking spot; it was reserved. But when she wasn’t in, her friend parked there. It’s not like she was going to rat out her friend. Handicap’s friend was called Lo Jack, and she sometimes hung out with a guy named Sure-cusses-a-lot. In total, the list of names was two full pages. It was impressive. 
I left Ankle to his sightseeing and went back to my desk. There was an email waiting for me letting me know that I was to attend the EAC meeting later that afternoon. The EAC was the Employee Activity Committee and was in charge of arranging birthday treats, setting up nacho days, and things like that. I didn’t know much about it, but I knew that Adrian was on it. I decided to send her an IM asking her for some info. I thought about what I was doing: she was just four feet away. Why not just walk over? I opened my IM despite common sense and looked for her.
Bmorisson “hey you’re on the EAC right?”
HorseChick “yeah why? If your going to complain about the pot luck last week I don’t want to hear it; wasn’t my idea”
Bmorisson “chill. I wasn’t going to say anything about that. I’m supposed to be in the meeting this week; does that mean I’m on the committee? Oh and pot lucks are dumb.”
Horsechick “lol don’t make me walk over there! Yeah you’re probably on the committee. Star Wars hit his year mark last month so it looks like you’re his replacement. welcome aboard ;-).”
Bmorisson “wow thanks, I’m honored. What do you mean his year mark and what do we do in the meetings?”
Horsechick “you should be. you can only stay in for a year. We normally get naked and have at it. JK, we talk about activities you dork!”
Bmorisson “lol well I don’t want to get in between you and Star Wars’ light saber so…”
Horsechick “I will kill you!”
Bmorisson “lol what?”
Horsechick “Bill that was messed up. no more IM for you today. If you make me think about Star Wars’ light saber again I will kill you.”
I laughed but she was serious. She didn’t IM me until it was time for the meeting. We walked together to the conference room and when we slipped through the door we found Ankle, Yoda, and Manager-lady there waiting for us. Yoda and Manager-lady were giving Ankle a hard time, saying something about him trying to make up for something with the sports car. 
“Good you guys are here so we can get started,” Manager-lady said.
I sat down. “So what are we doing?”
“Well as you may know, we have our company picnic coming up soon and…”
Moleth walked in the door and sat down next to Yoda. “Sorry I’m late.”
Manager-lady looked disappointed. “That’s ok Mol-”
“What are we meeting about?” Moleth asked cutting off Manager-lady.
“We ar-”
“Because I didn’t see an agenda in the meeting invite so…”
“Yeah, well were meeting abou—”
“In most companies it’s considered common courtesy to at least hint at what the meeting is about. I mean, how am I supposed to prepare?”
Manager-lady was slowly turning a nice shade of scarlet and gritted her teeth when she spoke. “We are meeting about the picnic.”
“Oh, well I have lots of ideas for that,” Moleth started in.
I wondered just how long it would take Manager-lady to rein her in. I wondered if they used Moleth to test potential managers to see if they could handle anything or anybody. My thoughts were interrupted when I heard Moleth say something about fire.
Manager-lady was talking now. “Moleth, we can not do a spirit fire, whatever that is. We can’t do anything with fire at all.”
“Well why not? I thought that we were going to—”
Yoda cut in. “—not have a fire at our company picnic nor will the company allow us to cook anything on a spit or anything else that in anyway has a risk of burning anything down.”
Moleth looked irritated. “Well if you don’t want my input…”
“It’s not that, Moleth. We just need to remember that we work for an insurance company,” Manager-lady said, sounding tired.
I contented myself doodling as Manager-lady and Yoda vainly attempted to reel Moleth in. After thirty minutes Manager-lady announced that the allotted time was over and that there was a meeting after the EAC so the room was booked. Moleth stood up and walked out back stiff, not even twitching that much. I started to gather my things.
Adrian looked at me. “What are you doing?”
“I thought there was a meeting booked?”
Manager spoke, “No, it’s still the EAC meeting. We just tell Moleth that there are other meetings.”
“Isn’t she on the committee?”
“Yes, but only because she went to HR saying that we don’t include her in anything. HR understood why we didn’t and just told us to schedule two meetings instead.”
I stopped what I was doing. “Oh, ok. So what now?”
Yoda started talking as if Moleth had never been there. “I still think that we should go to Funplex and forgo the usual picnic fuss.”
Ankle piped up. “That’s cool with me. It’s next to my house and Bill’s.”
“But not for anyone else,” Adrian pointed out.
We bickered about where to go for the picnic for some time. I suggested BW2’s and Ankle sided with me. After some work, Yoda was with me on wings as well and I knew that Manager-lady and Adrian would be forced into BW2’s.
Manager-lady finally harrumphed. “Fine, we can do that but it’s up to Larry to clear it. All we can do is make suggestions anyways.”
Larry seemed like a wing kind of guy so I was confident in our choice of venue for the picnic. One hour later an email popped up telling me that we would be going to a park next to the building and that the picnic was a pot luck.
My computer chirped and I looked at the monitor.
Horsechick “Glad we had the meeting?”
I laughed and hoped that 3 o’clock would hurry up..


Chapter 7 – Company Picnics 

It only took me thirty seconds when I woke up to realize that today was company picnic day. It was going to be a good day— I knew it. What could happen? Everyone had a half day but those of us on the EAC left earlier than that as we had to setup. It was also nice because we didn’t have to come in until 8:00 a.m. 
I had been setting my alarm slightly early for the last few days and had a new morning ritual. I didn’t drink coffee like most of my co-workers but I needed a way to wake up. I hated needing something in the morning to get me going, so I had tried going to bed early, taking cold showers—you know the drill. It wasn’t me that made it hard to get up in the morning; it was that I went into work at 6:30 a.m. and more importantly, I was an insurance auditor. Not only did I sit on my butt all day long, but I spent my day looking at tax forms and profit and loss statements. I needed something but I just couldn’t find it. I tried Dr. Pepper but the problem with that was it was sweet and at that time in the morning I just couldn’t down it. I didn’t care for coffee; I had given it up years ago but I was worried that it was my only option. As always, when it seemed that all was lost, Facebook saved me. 
One of my friends joined a group called DrinkChoffy.com, so I looked into it. Apparently, Choffy was ground cacao beans, more commonly know as cocoa beans. You brew it like coffee and it was supposed to be great for you. I remembered seeing something about tribes in the Amazon brewing cocoa beans and that the drink gave you energy, was full of minerals and vitamins, as well as antioxidants. Surly the tribes only knew and cared about the energy benefits but Modern Marvels on the History Channel was a bit more into it. So I signed up for Choffy. My first bag arrived and instantly I was hooked. It tasted like drinking super dark chocolate with a little cream and sugar added. It was phenomenal. Everyday thereafter, before my shower, I would go downstairs and turn on the coffee machine. By the time I was out of the shower, my Choffy was ready. 
I didn’t need it much this morning but I still looked fondly at the rich amber liquid in the pot. I poured the scalding brew in my thermos cup and added cream and sugar. As I poured, the kitchen was filled with the deep, earthy aroma that made my senses come alive. I had the balance of Choffy to water mixture down perfect, supplemented by cream and sugar, of course.
When I pulled out of the driveway the sun light was already dazzling and while I knew the glare would make for a slow drive into work, it would be a great day for a picnic. To my surprise, the glare didn’t do that much to my morning commute and I ended up a few minutes early. I sipped my drink and sat down at my desk. I didn’t shut the computer down anymore; it just took to long to turn on in the morning. I restarted it every night and it still took about five minutes to login, but it was a far cry from waiting for the machine to come to life. 
I had about two hours until I would leave to go to the park and start preparing for the picnic. Today would be perfect—I just knew it. I slept in an hour, I had my Choffy, and I was only here for two hours. What could go wrong? 
“Go- good morning,” a mousey voice said behind me. Nothing is perfect now, is it? 
“Good morning, Moleth. What can I do-”
“Ther-there is limited parking today so we need to car pool.”
“Ok, well I think Larry sent an email about that, but we all need to take our cars so we can take all of the food and stuff. So I don’t think the EA—”
“We need to car pool. You need to think of the world for once, Bill and not your own convenience.”
“The world?”
She looked at me like I was an idiot.
“I’m sorry, Moleth, but you lost me”
“You’re killing the world!”
It was an accusation and I knew where this was going. Right now most people would think that there was a “you’re causing global warming” remark coming right now. In truth, that one wouldn’t bother me all that much. I don’t think the two mile drive would melt the ice caps, but at least the “let’s hug a tree thing” seemed almost cute and nice. No, Moleth held the belief that we were polluting the world with bad feelings and that there were other worldly visitors that were upset with us, even to the point of thinking about killing off humanity and starting over again. 
“Look Moleth, E.T. does not care about—”
“He is not E.T. and they have been testing us for years. We’re all going to die and it’s your fault, Bill Morison!”
“From what I’ve heard E.T. has been abducting people and sticking stuff in their butts for years. Sorry, but that just doesn’t work for me.”
“And why is that?”
“A super intelligent race flying thousands of light years to earth to stick stuff in our butts and to mutilate some cows? Oh and then drawing in fields to let us know our test results…please.”
Moleth looked indignant. How on earth could I talk against the visitors (as she called them). I had done it now. If I was lucky she wouldn’t talk to me for the better part of a month. If I wasn’t lucky, she was still going to talk to me some more. Her pause said that the latter was more likely, so I decided to put in my ear buds and hope for The House of Grey to take me away. I was right. As soon as the intro music started, I heard muttering that was surely directed at me. So I turned my iPod up. I don’t know when she walked away, but I didn’t turn around for twenty minutes just to make sure. My IM blinked. It was Adrian.
Horsechick “lol hat was priceless. seriously she is such a wacko.”
Bmorrison “I know she is so odd. I wonder what she will do.”
Horsechick “well she’s into voodoo so I’m sure you’ll have a doll made by the end of the day. I mean come on the world may depend on it.”
Bmorrison “lol you don’t think there isn’t a doll for me already and that it’s not full of pins?”
Horsechick “good point, but by now you may need a new one ;-)”

Soon it was time to go and get ready for the picnic. Adrian and I helped Yoda and Manager-lady load up the cars while Ankle printed direction sheets for the rest of the office. Moleth would have to go with us but we didn’t tell her when we started to get ready. We only had an hour before the rest of the office was to leave. I grabbed some shorts and flip-flops out of my trunk and dashed inside to change. The flip-flops were the best. They were Reef and had bottle openers built into the soles. 
Silo Park was just down on Orchard and the parking lot was small. I was sure that lots of aggravated feelings would be radiating into space when the rest of the office arrived. Not from me; there was no one here and I snagged a close spot and started unloading the car. 
We were having the picnic at a pavilion that could hold forty comfortably. There was a path leading from the parking lot to the pavilion. To my right were large flowerbeds that were kept in great condition. It was easy to see that every flower had its place and all the colors came together expertly. The pavilion was all wood with a fifteen-foot ceiling. It was slightly dug into the ground with cinderblock walls against the sides and back, making the parking lot appear at eye level. To its front, it opened into more flowerbeds, which made the air sweet with the smell of wild flowers. At the entrance to the pavilion, the scent of the flowers mixed with the woody smell of the ceiling and rafters. With the way everything was built and situated, you couldn’t hear traffic either, which was nice. When the scent and silence combined, it was hard to remember that you were in the city. It was at this entrance that I found the standard park grill. It was as clean as park grills go, and I noticed that the large round trash cans were also empty: all benefits of parks in Greenwood Village. I was in charge of grilling which was what I wanted. There’s something about standing by a grill and preparing a meal: the smell of sizzling meat and smoldering charcoal, the waves of heat coming from the grill, and the taste of a cold soda.
It didn’t take me long to get the grill going, and soon there was the smell of charcoal and far too much lighter fluid. I turned to go to one of the many tables in the pavilion to help Manager-lady cut and chop toppings for burgers, hot dogs, and brats. She looked put out and I noticed Moleth buzzing around her making comments. Apparently the bad feelings she caused didn’t affect E.T. and his friends. I jumped in and helped by cutting onions and carrots. The sound of chopping was pleasant though I found myself wanting to chop something other then vegetables after a few moments. Moleth was trying her dandiest to ignore me and after a bit I realized that I could have some fun with this. I started asking her questions about her trip to Peru and if she liked watching reruns of X-Files. I knew she hated X-Files because they turned a very serious subject into entertainment. It was probably not a nice thing of me to do, but I was having fun. She couldn’t decide if she was going to give me the cold shoulder for not taking her warning to heart or if she wanted to take the opportunity to tell us about, well, whatever she was talking about. I was trying to listen, if for no other reason than so I could ask more questions and keep the battle in her head going, but she mumbled a lot and used jargon that I had never heard before. Yoda didn’t seem to understand her either and let’s face it, the guy knew just a about everything and with a nickname like Yoda he had to kind of be in the loop with the flying saucer thing, right?
Manager-lady rolled up a cooler filled with bags of frozen hamburgers, hot dogs, and brats. I pulled out one of the bags of burgers and started prying the icy discs apart. They seemed big but I knew that they would end up the size of hockey pucks by the end. For some reason I liked the pre-made patties. 
“I don’t know why but I love these things,” Adrian said. I hadn’t noticed that she joined me.
“It’s the fat.”
She laughed. “So are you saying I’m fat?” She raised an eyebrow.
I was dumb, but not that dumb. Besides, she wasn’t fat so at least I didn’t have to lie. “You’re not fat, but that’s where the flavor comes from. People buy lean ground beef all the time and then wonder why their burgers taste like paper and are all dry and stuff. The trick is to buy cheap ground beef and then your burger will be juicy and tasty. It also helps to cook it right.”
“Ok, Emeril. How do you cook a burger?”
I could tell she was making fun but I ignored her. “Well I like to sear the meat so it locks in the flavor. I also like to season it as well but you know the people here.”
She nodded. The people in our office were not wusses when it came to food, but if it wasn’t plain someone would claim they were going to die from some heretofore unmentioned allergy.
“When the fat comes out the top you know it’s time to turn them. Then you need to let them sit for a bit after you’re done so they don’t drip everywhere. If you do that you can even make well done burgers that aren’t dry.”
“Well we’ll see.” She winked and walked off.
I wasn’t worried and when the rest of the office arrived and started in on the burgers, all of them agreed that they were juicy and great! I was getting many compliments about them. To think they were just plain burgers.
Manager-lady walked over to me looking a little worried. “Bill, you didn’t season these or anything did you?”
“No, they’re plain.”
“Then why do they taste so good? These things are cheap and well, they’re plain.”
“It’s all in the preparation but I’m glad you like them.”
“Well good work then. Hey, if you’re done we’re going to start team building soon.”
I was hoping that I would be able to get out of team building but I should have known that it was a vain hope.
Team building consisted of one idiotic task after another. One was stacking sugar cubes blindfolded with one member of your team telling you what to do. There was a scavenger hunt and a round of charades, among other worthless events. In the end, I knew that none of us would be closer as a team, but it was fun and more importantly, it wasn’t auditing. At three o’clock, Larry said that we could all go home if we wanted and I joined the rest of the EAC in cleaning up. It was nice being out of the office all day, eating great food, and even Star Wars wasn’t much of a pain. 
Park maintenance came by around 3:30 p.m., emptied the trashcans, and cleaned up the grill. I was in my car by 3:45p.m. Overall, I had to admit it was one of the best days I had experienced at Riders. The only thing that could have made it better was if claims had been there but again, nothing’s perfect. 


Chapter 8 – Fire Alarms and AED

I had just hung up the phone when a blaring alarm started to sound. I knew instantly we were having a fire drill. The pings of sound made my head throb and I didn’t need any further motivation to leave the building. Being one of our department’s Fire Wardens, Star Wars had been acting more fidgety than normal today. He took the assignment very seriously and even had the blazing red floor warden hat on his cubicle wall to prove it. 
As soon as the alarm sounded he leaped out of his seat and started walking quickly around the office shouting over the din. “Lock it down, come on let’s go, lets go people. Lock it down and move outside.”
I locked my computer and made sure to grab my iPod. After all, what if it wasn’t a drill? I wasn’t the only one with these worries and saw people all over the office grabbing personal belongings as they left. When I say grabbing stuff that’s what I mean. It didn’t take them any longer to leave than it would have to say, go to lunch. This nonchalant attitude was driving Star Wars over the edge. He was shewing people out of the room as fast as he could. All that was fine, but he also had a running commentary going of how dumb it was to take personal belongings as they may slow you down. It didn’t escape any of us that he was wearing the signature fanny pack, but then again he could secure that thing in one fluid moment, and supposedly there were medical supplies inside. 

“Oh my goodness he drives me bonkers,” Adrian said as we walked out of our department and into the busy hall. I reached down and gripped her arm as both of us were jostled out of the building. As we exited towards the condo complex across the lot, we all gathered together under some trees and I noticed one lady from our office, who had no common sense, light up a cigarette. We called her Smoke Stack because she sounded like she spent most of her life living in a burring Marlboro factory and she smelled like it too. Even the other smokers in the department commented on it and let’s face it—that took talent. 
It wasn’t cold this morning so everyone was in high sprits when Star Wars exited the building after his inspection to make sure none of us were burned alive. He was holding a clipboard heavy laden with papers. It almost seemed to accent the powder blue fanny pack and fire engine red floor warden hat. 
Fiasco and Junior started clapping and cheering, “We’re saved! You go, Harold!”
Harold? It took me a second to remember that Harold was Star Wars’ real name, the one his parents gave him. 
“Henry is fine and you’re welcome,” Star Wars said.
“Now listen up, we need to take roll and I want this done before the Fire Department gets here.”
“Yes, Harold lead us!” Junior said emphatically. I had to look down so I didn’t laugh.
“I will.” 
Star Wars started down a list of the people in our department and no one could say that he wasn’t thorough. In fact I could hear people from other departments talking about it and started to hear the faint term Fire Nazi making its way around. Most of us were here. There were only a few who took the day off and even though their team lead and co-workers were there to confirm that fact, Star Wars still called them on his cell and woke several of them up.
“Is Mary there? Hi, this is Henry from work. Did you take the day off today? Well, we had a fire drill and…yes, every one said you were off but I… ah, yes I do know what time it is. I’m up at five every day. It breeds discipline. After all, that’s what the Jedi Brass is looking fo—…you don’t care about the Jedi? Ok well, I think it’s time you got up. It’s 7 a.m. No I’m not say—…I don’t think that—hello…hello?”
He clapped the phone shut and shook his head. I leaned close to Yoda “Hey, does he have all of our numbers?”
“Yep, we can all get a list. It’s for when the office closes for snow or anything like that. They have a phone tree set up and I think Star Wars has us all on speed dial.”
“I don’t know if I should be creeped out or touched.”
“Creeped out,” Adrian said coolly.
It didn’t take long for us to be cleared and head back in the building. Apparently, this was a planned drill, which explains why Star Wars was fidgety all morning. 
As we entered the building, Star Wars checked to make sure that the people from other departments had some sort of proof that they were Riders employees. It was getting bad. People wanted in and it took them a while to produce proof sometimes. Yoda, Adrian, and I went to another door and walked in without inspection. Once inside, I went back to my desk to log the call I was on right before the drill. It took me awhile to remember what all was said, and in the end I just made it up. I noticed that Star Wars wasn’t at his desk and when I IM’d Yoda to find out why, he told me that he was in with Larry. I opened a three way IM with Adrian and Yoda.
Bmorrison “why do you think Star Wars is in there?”
Yoda “I don’t know and I don’t care.”
Horsechick “whatever, you want to know just as much as us.”
Yoda “fine, maybe he’s getting in trouble for calling Mary.”
Bmorrison “…or for checking everyone who enters the building?”
Horsechick “maybe. what do you think the Jedi will do if he gets written up?”
Bmorrison “lol probably make him a padawan again.”
Horsechick “lol”
Yoda “you two need a life. I’m signing off.”
It didn’t take too long to find out what was going on. Star Wars was back at his desk in no time and an email popped up telling me that Harold was understaffed and that he needed help to ensure our safety. I was informed that there were two main safety oriented groups in our building. One was the floor wardens and the other was the AED team. The floor wardens just made sure that people exited the building in an emergency. The AED responders, as they were called, were put through first aid training. They also learned how to use Automatic External Defibrillators placed around the building. To top it all off, a red plastic heart with AED in white letters hung above their desk. Somehow, I was now on both teams along with Fiasco. There was training for both positions scheduled next week. The AED training took a half-day, the Fire Warden an hour. All of the AED responders and the Fire Wardens were to attend both trainings. 
I walked by Fiasco’s desk. “What do you think man?”
He looked over at me and there was a gleam in his eyes that spelled trouble. “Man this is going to be so much fun. We get to learn how to shock the hell out of people and they can’t get mad at you for it. Plus, we get to yell at people during fire drills.”
I chuckled. “And what if there is a real fire?”
“Well then I hope your ace can run, man, because I know I sure as hell am going to.”
My voice took on a dramatic tone. “So you’re not going to stay and pull burning people from the bathroom?”
“Hell no, I’m not. I’m going to run out with my hat on telling people to get out da way, Fire Warden coming through. You can stay and burn if you want.”
“No I think I’m with you—push and shove is the fastest way.”
“You better believe it. This thing is dumb anyhow. We’re on the first floor and there are windows along one whole side of our office. If the door is on fire just break a window or something. It’s simple: if you see flames go the other way. How hard is that?”
“I agree, and there’s like three of us to a room. How many does it take?”
“I don’t know, man, but we’re going to have some fun.”
“How long do you think it will take before we get kicked off the committee?”
“I don’t know—a week, maybe longer. I think it will depend on how long it takes for another drill.”
I was walking back to my desk and saw Manager-lady walking up to me.
“Hey there, first responder,” she said sarcastically.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
She looked confused. “I thought you were on the AED team?”
“Well kind of”
“What do you mean kind of?”
“I’m not learning how to use the shocker things and I’m not getting a plastic heart.”
“Well what are you doing then?”
“That’s easy. The company put in all of these procedures and measures to bring people back to life so to speak. But what if you have a “do not resuscitate” in effect? What then?”
She looked thoughtful. “I don’t know.”
“See that’s what happens. If you don’t want to be shocked back to life, you just send me an email and then when you go down, I don’t let anything happen to you.”
“Shut up.”
“For real. Look, they’re going to give me a stick so I can ward off all of the other AED people and instead of the red heart they’ll put a grim reaper above my desk. So, if you’re dying and you don’t want anyone to stop you from dying, then you can crawl to me knowing I’ll defend your right to kick the bucket.”
She hit my arm and I heard Adrian laughing at her desk. “You’re sick, Bill.”
Star Wars was at our sides in a heart beat looking sternly at me. “Bill, this is a very big deal. People’s lives are on the line.”
“It’s ok man, your fine.”
He huffed and walked away from me. As the day went on, I received more and more emails from people notifying me that if it was Star Wars who was first to respond to let them die before allowing him to perform mouth-to-mouth on them. 

The AED training was actually kind of cool. Both Fiasco and I learned a ton of stuff and now we were CPR certified. Fire training, however, didn’t go as well. It was mostly watching videos of dumb people staying in burning buildings. I mean really dumb people. 
The lady who was teaching us was about average height with short, curly black hair that was starting to fade. She was nice and I could tell that she wasn’t all that into her job, but she was probably close to retirement and this was an easy path to take. The main video we watched was from a convenience store that lit up. People were actually coming inside to watch the fire.
I wouldn’t say there was nothing good that came out of the meeting. I learned a lot. I learned that a lady in the underwriting department was stuck in a burning house once and that she barely escaped by crawling out the back door. When I heard this story, I was impressed and wanted details, as did everyone else. It turned out that she just burnt some popcorn in the microwave and that it smoked a lot. The fire lady tried to use it as an example of the dangers of not working a microwave correctly but it was completely unsuccessful. There weren’t any burning buildings so I had lost interest. 
By the time I was back at my desk, there was already a plastic heart above it and my little red hat was waiting for the next fire drill. 


Chapter 9 – QC

I sat in my weekly team meeting drawing a picture of a man hitting his head against the wall. “Wall Man”, as this piece was titled, was the forty-fifth installment of my “I’m so bored I want to kill myself” series. I knew that it had potential to be a big hit on Myspace and Facebook someday. Most of my work was good. Sometimes it would take me two or three meetings to finish an episode depending on how close I sat to management or how boring the meeting was. The biggest thing that affected the amount of time it took: a PowerPoint presentation. I could sleep through most of those. 
Adrian joked, saying that the stick figures killing themselves in various ways were mysterious and shed light into the artist’s soul. Yoda said that I needed therapy. I think that may have been what Adrian was poking at too, but that didn’t seem to stop either of them from making suggestions for future masterpieces. 
Today was to be a meeting about our QC or Quality Control. I should have been paying attention. My quality sucked but I didn’t care that much about it because well, everyone’s did. The program was stupid to begin with. Someone at corporate headquarters randomly pulled three audits a month to QC, which in reality meant that they rummaged around looking for policies that were jacked up so they didn’t have to give you a bonus. This was fine with me. I took my bonus in excessive bathroom breaks and surfing the internet every time I thought I wasn’t being watched. I had to admit that the bathroom was my favorite though. No one bothers you in the john, and I could read the Wall Street Journal on my Blackberry unimpeded without the constant annoyance of management or infinitely worse, customers. That wasn’t to say that the bathroom was the end all for me, but I considered it a personal sanctuary.
Adrian took her QC very seriously and she stressed about it almost constantly. She also freaked out about hitting her production quota everyday. This was also something that I was mediocre at. It was easy. When you don’t care about the overall quality of the work, then you can do it much faster. To be truthful, my audits were correct most of the time. I just chose to not remember some of the dumb rules that were in place. For example, we were too write “ok” by the customers name on the first page of their paperwork after we made sure it was the same name on the tax forms. Not a check mark and certainly not a circle around the customer’s name—oh no that was the end of the world. And if you did it wrong, then you got dinged. Here was the crazy thing, if the name on our form wasn’t exactly the way it was on the tax forms, commas included, we got dinged if we didn’t call the customer to ask them dumb questions about the proper spelling of their company name. So whenever I picked up a stack of work, the first thing that I did was to write “ok” next to all the names. If it was wrong, I would get dinged, sure. But if it wasn’t then I was good to go. 
We must have been diving into the meat of the meeting because I heard frantic scratching on paper coming from Adrian; plus Chester looked pissed. He was convinced that they only used his policies for examples in these meetings because again, the company was after him. He could have been right; I didn’t know. They didn’t show us the name or policy number of the example policies, but Chester said that they all were his.  
“Bill?” said a voice that sounded like Manager-lady’s.
“Bill?” Again the voice, now sounding a bit irritated. Why wasn’t Bill answering? Wait—I was Bill.
“Sorry, yes?”
Manager-lady looked at me sternly. “Why do you think QC scores are so low this quarter?”
What the heck was this? How should I know why? To my knowledge, everyone else in the office actually worked hard at this stuff.
“I don’t know, maybe we should change the QC program…” I let it hang out there, waiting for the tidal wave to come.
Star Wars stiffened his back. He was big on the QC program. The Master Jedi didn’t make mistakes and no doubt it was due in part to his essay writing in his comments. He gave me his signature glare that he gave people when they said something that he considered to be wrong or inappropriate. That aside, I had to give the guy a little credit. Ever since Ankle showed me one of Star Wars’ audits and I saw that the guy covered every inch of paper with what he was doing at the time of audit and why he did what he did, I understood how serious he took this stuff. Lunch breaks were even noted on them. I didn’t see how he got anything done. 
“Well Bill it’s attitudes like that that are putting Riders out of business. Personally, I look at every audit with the idea that if I did it wrong the company could go out of business.”
“Are you for real? Dude, the most we bill customers is like thirty grand. All the big stuff is done by people who go to the customer’s location and audit them there. Also, we’re a Fortune 500 company and we made like ten billion in profit last year. I think we’ll be ok.”
“And one audit could jeopardize all of that.”
Manager-lady cleared her throat. “Well I don’t think that it will put us under. I mean people can call and we can change the audit and even then, like Bill said, we don’t bill customers that much money.”
Star Wars looked put out, but Manager-lady was the superior officer after all. Thankfully, they appeared to be done with me and I was able to go back to finishing my drawing. If I really needed to know anything, I could ask Adrian. Even without that, they sent emails that recapped the meetings so I was good. To my great pleasure, the meeting was done before I knew it and just in time, my drawing was done. It must not have been a good meeting however because everyone was grumbling on the way back to their desks. This was another added benefit for me. If you didn’t pay attention in the meeting then it could never really suck that bad for you. I could tell that Adrian was upset.
“Do you want to grab an early lunch today?”
“Yeah that sounds good. I just can’t believe them you know?”
“Um yeah they’re dicks, that’s for sure.”
She gave me a wry smile. “Do you even know what we talked about?”
A mock look of outrage crossed my face. “Are you saying I don’t pay strict attention in meetings?”
She laughed and her voice was full of sarcasm as she spoke. “You? How could you think such a thing? I would never think you were not paying attention. I could tell you were clinging to every word today, especially when Manager-lady asked you a question…”
“That’s good because if you were going to say that I was a slacker then we were going to have some words…”
“Oh I bet. You’re such a goof. But seriously, were you listening?”
“You know I wasn’t. QC is retarded; why would I listen?”
“Well you should have. Other than QC they said that they are going to be off shoring some of the audit functions.”  
“They’re shipping us over seas!” 
“No Bill just our jobs, but they said they weren’t considering layoffs.” She didn’t sound all that convinced.
“Well that’s crap. They can’t just fire us all.”
Chester was with us now. “I don’t know; it could be nice. They give you like two months severance.”
“And then you get to find another job,” Adrian said. 
We were making our way down the stairs now. The confined space echoed as more and more of us entered and then began to discuss the news of the possible layoffs. Personally, I was a little pissed about losing my job. Chester may be cool with it but he was probably going to be arrested anyway for flashing the kids at the park or something. So the question was what should I do? I hadn’t been at Riders for very long and I wasn’t keen on looking for another job. It took me four months to find the one I had now. So should I start looking for a new job? Or should I just tough it out here and hope for the best? I didn’t want to think about it, so I changed the subject.
“So what are they doing about QC?”
This didn’t help the irritated look on Adrian’s face. “What happens if I stop telling you everything that happens in meetings?”
“Then you wouldn’t have anyone to vent to.”
She scowled. “Ok good point. So here is the deal: all of the other audit centers’ QC sucks like ours, right?”
It was more of a rhetorical question. We were all aware of how bad quality was. There was a new QC lady and we were all convinced that she was related to Hitler. I nodded my head in acknowledgement.
“Ok well they’re too dense to figure out everyone is now sucking because there’s a new person who hates the world, and they’re saying that none of us are going to get bonuses anymore.” 
That wasn’t much of a surprise. Our incentive program was based on how many audits we did a month and what our quality was. So if QC sucked then yeah, we didn’t get a bonus.
“Ok…”
“And to make life easier for us they’re going to add guidelines to QC.”
I stopped her there. “So wait—because they’re mad about QC they’re going to make it harder to help us? This is ridiculous. We’re already like the most anal company in the industry. Why does it need to be higher?”
“That’s what we said. And they said that by making it higher then it will somehow help all of us out. It’s crap—they’re just going to throw it in our faces when they fire us.”
There was a true statement if I had ever heard one. The day continued to go down the crapper when I got back to my desk to see an email telling us that the Houston office was closed today. They didn’t say why it was closed but we knew and people were getting edgy. Moleth even said she was thinking of postponing her vacation. That was not acceptable. She was leaving, dang it!
“Moleth come on, how often do you think they…” (I put emphasis on the they) “…are going to visit? Really, the things of this world shouldn’t bother you right? I mean after all its stress and hate that’s going to end us right?”
She considered this for a moment. “N- no, no you’re right. I- I’ll still go itsss—its probably better for all of us if I go. Af- after all, if the world is melted down, it won’t matter if we get laid off.”
“That’s right, Moleth, do it for earth. We need you.” I was laying it on thick but this was crucial. She bobbed her head up and down resigned to her task. She walked off with purpose and as I turned around, I knocked my Choffy all over my keyboard. I thought about getting mad and then decided against it. I did deserve it after all. 


Chapter 10 – The Power Outage 

I was hauling balls this morning and I knew that I would hit my quota of 18 audits by mid day. These days were rare anymore due to the new QC standards and the fact that the work we were getting all around sucked. When the Houston office closed, not for the day but permanently, they were told that they had thirty days before they were out on the street. We were told that they would be sending us their work as it came in and their staff faded. The Houston center manager, who opted for early retirement, said that his office would continue to produce high quality work right up until the end. When we were told the week after that Houston got the Velvet Hammer, I was shocked to see that management actually believed that the work that was going to come in from Houston would have even the slightest ounce of quality. 
So here we were congregated in front of Larry’s office in a large circle. On Larry’s left was Manager-lady and to his right was Phillip the assistant manager, a pudgy man with brown hair who read too many self-help books. He, like Chester, also saw into the truth of things: the government was run by secret groups, the FBI was listening to his phone calls, and all sorts of fun stuff. Unlike Chester, however, Phillip thought much more of himself. He invented new types of management and marketing; the whole nine yards. He also helped bring down Enron; as if they needed the help. We all knew he was full of it and he spent most of his time in his assistant manager cube not talking to the rest of us. In truth, no one was really sure what he did here but his dad worked upstairs so to speak, so here he was. That aside, he was looking confident as Larry reaffirmed that our new work would be easier and would not need many phone calls.
Chester cleared his throat at this. “So even though they’re getting canned, they’re still going to produce the same quality work?”
Larry looked perplexed. “Well of course. They’re Riders people after all.”
“No, they’re unemployed people,” Chester countered.
Philip silently clasped his hands together and turned to Larry. “Lar, I got this.” He directed his words to everyone now and we waited with mock enthusiasm for the Sermon on the Mount.
“You see, you’re all under the misconception that a person’s work is based on what they’re taking home and how they’re treated at a company.” He smiled letting the dumb peons figure it out.
“You are really here for the opportunity to be a part of something more important than your regular lives. You just think it’s for the money. In fact, I bet that I could stop paying all of you and you would still show up because of how much satisfaction you get here.” He smiled widely at us like this was a compliment. 
There was total silence as usual after Philip talked. It wasn’t that anybody agreed with him but more that we knew if we did say something, we would be breaking the golden rule. We would also probably be breaking many HR policies and would lose our jobs if we expressed ourselves, so no one talked. Larry looked uncomfortable. He disliked Philip as much as the next guy and he always cringed when the man would start to talk.
It looked like Philip wasn’t done. He opened his mouth and the lights went out. There was a murmur from the group and we all looked stupidly at the ceiling as if we could see the source of the power outage.
“Let there be dark,” Philip barked.
“Ok that’s good. Thank you, Philip. Ok everyone, the computers are on a backup generator or something, but it doesn’t last long so go save your work and shut down,” Larry said silencing Philip.
I turned to the nearest cube and sure enough, the monitor was still on with the computer humming away. I walked back to my desk and gladly saved and shut down. I felt a glimmer of hope that the power would be out for a long time, but I knew it would come back up in five minutes or so. Power outages only lasted for long periods of time on your day off, when you were watching a movie or when the weather sucked. They never lasted when you were getting paid to sit around and wait for the lights to come back on. I rolled my chair to Adrian’s cube. She eyed my thermos cup.
“Is that stuff really that good, Bill? You always have it.”
I held out my cup. She looked apprehensive but she took it anyway and held it to her lips taking a small sip. Her eyebrows raised and she smiled slightly.
“What is this stuff called again?”
“Choffy. It’s ground cocoa beans.”
“It’s good. And it gives you energy like coffee without the caffeine?”
“Yeah, it’s kind of a health drink but it tastes good and it wakes me up.”
She took another sip and handed the cup back to me. “Sorry I don’t want to drink it all, but I’ll have to get me some of that.”
She huffed. “So how long do you think the power will be out? I have so much stuff to do today.”
I laughed. “Only you could be upset when the power goes out and you get paid to do nothing.”
She rolled her eyes. “Sorry I’m such a good employee, but also I don’t want to get bored.” 
“I’m sure we’ll be back to work in five or ten.”
We weren’t back to work in five or ten, not even twenty or thirty. After forty-five minutes, most of the office had reverted back to childhood, throwing paper air planes and making up pointless games to pass the time. It was nice. By this point, even the phones weren’t working. They all tied into the computers and when the backup ran out of juice we were off the hook for all things Riders. Larry came around and told us all that the power company said that it was going to be another two hours, so we all were to take a super extended lunch that was paid and we didn’t even have to make it up. 
As soon as I heard that we had two hours for lunch, I felt my whole being start to glow with joy. By now, Yoda and Chester had joined us along with Ankle and Manager-lady. I turned to the group. “Wings?”
That one word and Ankle, Chester, and Yoda snapped to attention and nodded in agreement. Adrian and Manager-lady looked a little confused.
Manager-lady was the one who spoke. “Ok is there some sort of language we don’t speak? What do you mean wings? Like hot wings?”
Chester corrected her. “Not just hot wings. BW2’s—Buffalo Wild Wings. Let’s go.”
“Wait, you guys don’t want to hear what we have to say about this?” Adrian said a little perturbed.
I looked at her. “You don’t want wings?” I said, incredulity etching my tone.
“Well I don’t know. I mean wings are ok.”
Manager-lady spoke. “Yeah, I don’t think I want that. They’re all greasy and nasty. I don’t like wings.”
Yoda shook his head at Manager-lady like she just spoke blasphemy. In reality, she had. “I don’t know if we can still be friends.”
“What? It’s chicken.”
I held up my hand. “Stop, stop there. Not just chicken we’re talking about here. BW2’s, B-dubs, or even BW3’s depending on where you’re from—, they are like…like…” I struggled for the words. “…like little morsels from heaven,” I said.
“You’re high,” Adrian said.
“No he’s not, Adrian. Have you ever had BW2’s?” Chester said.
“Well no bu—”
“Come,” is all Yoda said and we all started to the door, Adrian and a reluctant Manager-lady in tow. As we went, we softly said “wings” to people; many followed. 
A couple of hours was a must for wings. BW2’s wasn’t known for its speed and to be honest, I didn’t think I could confine myself to the thirty minute lunch even if they were fast enough. We needed to take two cars. Yoda, Chester, and Ankle got in mine and Manager-lady and Adrian followed in Manager-lady’s green Explorer. Traffic wasn’t bad as I got on I-25 heading south. It looked like there was an accident on the north bound side but it would be cleared by the time I could be extricated from BW2’s. I exited I-25, turning right onto County Line and then another right on Chester, no relation to the present company. There it stood on the left-hand side of the road, bright yellow sign ablaze. I felt warmth blossoming in my chest. It was early so the parking lot wasn’t that full and we found a spot close to the front.
Yoda turned to me when we stood up out of the car. “Are you going to be able to handle this man? I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so happy before.”
“Yeah, I’m fine. This is where I was meant to be.”
“You really need a girlfriend” was his only reply.
We walked in, waves of spicy smelling goodness greeting us. There was a short thin bouncy girl with long curly brown hair and hazel eyes. Cory was a very pretty girl and always seemed to be happy. She stood at a little counter waiting to seat us.  When she recognized me, she smiled widely. It wasn’t the standard “welcome to my place of business” smile. No, Cory and I had history. We talked almost every time I came here. She was a kindred spirit.
“Hey, Bill who are your friends?” she said brightly. 
I pointed at Chester. “This is Chester.” She looked him over and chuckled a bit thinking she was being let in on some inside joke.
Chester looked confused. “What’s so funny?”
Cory looked at me and I realized what she was thinking and I mouthed to her “it’s not a nickname.” She looked embarrassed and shook her head sending her curly brown hair cascading across her face. 
“O-Oh nothing, I just got a joke I heard on the radio this morning.” She didn’t brush her hair out of her face and I suspected that if she did her cheeks would be red.
I hurried to introduce the rest of my co-workers and she led us to a table.
Manager-lady gave me a wry smile. “So how do you know her?”
“I come here a lot.”
“So is there any… any…”
“Thing?” I finished for her.
“Yeah, you two seem to like each other and she super cute.”
Yoda frowned. “Don’t tell me she’s like you”
“Like me?”
“A wing freak.”
“We’re not freaks,” Cory said flitting out of nowhere pulling out a notepad. “I guess I’m your server today, too. Can I get you anything to drink?” she said to the table. Everyone but me ordered. She knew what I wanted and then she took orders for lunch, again skipping me.
After she left Adrian said, “Aren’t you going to order? This place was your idea.”
“I don’t need to; Cory knows what I want.”
She looked unconvinced. “She knows? Please Bill, there’s like twenty different sauces here. How on earth could she know what you want? I’ve heard you talk about this place. You have a crush on every sauce here.”
“I want medium today; it’s the best.”
“What, do you two have ESP or something?”
“No, we just understand each other that’s all.”
She let it go but when our order came—mine being twelve medium wings with ranch dressing—Adrian looked amazed and a little creeped out. 
“You should ask her out,” Chester said after awhile.
I looked up realizing he was talking to me. I raised an eyebrow.
“You two have a lot in common and she’s the only woman in this place that isn’t disgusted that you’ve eaten twenty-four hot wings.”
“He’s got a point on that one. I’m disgusted with you right now, Bill. How do you stay so thin when you eat like that?” Manager-lady said scrunching her face.
I finished the wing I was on and thought about it. Cory was cute and we got along great. Sometimes I would stay passed close and we would talk. The more I thought about it the more I thought I would give it a try. 
The next time she walked by I gestured for her to come close so I could whisper in her ear. “Hey, do you want to go on a date?”
She straitened a bit and I saw her smile. “About time you asked,” she teased. 
As we left Cory handed me a slip of paper that had her phone number on it. I could tell she was trying to be discreet about it, saving me from being interrogated by my co-workers. Had I been with all men this would have worked, or if they had seen they wouldn’t have cared. I saw Adrian and Manager-lady exchange looks and was thankful that we took separate cars. Fate continued to shine on me as we arrived back at the office. There was a letter on the door to the building letting us know that the power company called and said that it was going to take several more hours to fix the problem. The letter went on to say that we all had the day off. We walked inside the abandoned office and retrieved whatever we needed from our desks and I was out to my car before anyone could question me. As soon as I slid behind the wheel, I pulled out my cell and entered Cory’s number into the address book. 
I decided to send her a text asking when she was available.
Bill’s phone “Hey this is Bill. When can u go out?”
After a moment the phone vibrated.
Cory’s phone “I get off @ 5 then I need 2 go home and change so how about 6?”
I was surprised. I thought she was going to tell me sometime next week.
Bill’s phone “ok that sounds great. where do u live? Or do you want 2 meet somewhere?”
Cory’s phone “u can pick me up if u want. it doesn’t matter to me up; it’s up 2 u.”

That was good, she felt comfortable enough with me to have me pick her up. I noticed Manager-lady out of the corner of my eye playing with her keys and I could tell she was thinking about coming and talking to me. I shot Cory a quick reply asking for address and then I got the hell out of Dodge before anything could happen.

Chapter 11 – Voice of the department 

The few months after asking Cory out had been wonderful. I really enjoyed her and part of me wondered if she was the one. Adrian seemed to like her too. We had gone on a few double dates with her and her new man Jim. He was nice and was one of those fun, outdoorsy people and he made Adrian happy. As for the job, well it was audit and that wasn’t too bad. But I was starting to worry about my job being outsourced. The company said that it wasn’t outsourcing anyone but they had been “leveraging offshore resources”, as they liked to call them, quite heavily. In the end, all we could do was our jobs and hope for the best. 
My workload was also starting to pick up. A few months ago the company decided it was time to simplify their forms for audit. This move would have been fine if the forms still asked for all of the information that was needed to conduct an audit but alas, this thought didn’t occur to the corporate masterminds. As a result, the new, easy-to-use audit paperwork that was to make the customer happy did a fantastic job of pissing the customer off…royally. I hung up the phone with a man who just spent ten minutes telling me that my company was horribly disorganized. I had to give him that. As if the new forms weren’t enough, Moleth called this man four times telling him that he needed to send in more information. I don’t think it was the sending in information that irked him, but rather that she kept losing the faxes that he sent and then requesting them again. I could see how that might be annoying.
It was ok; it didn’t bother me that much. Besides, right now she was off in Peru looking for E.T. and she would be there for two whole weeks. Two wonderful weeks! And if I was lucky, she would see E.T. and he would take her home with him. Maybe there was some intergalactic zoo or something. I tried to picture it in my head: Moleth behind glowing bars muttering to herself and a bunch of little aliens that resembled Michael Jackson walking around pointing and snapping pictures.
“Hey dude, stop thinking about Moleth in flying saucers,” Yoda’s voice said.
“Don’t ruin this from me,” I said with my eyes closed.
“I know, I know—I like it too.”
I looked over at him. “So what’s up?”
“Nothing really.”
“Ok,” I said unsure. “So can I help you with anything?”
He looked apprehensive. “Ok here’s the thing. You’ve heard of the Voice of the Department haven’t you?”
“No.”
“Ok, well every year the home office audit department sends out a survey to all of the employees in every audit center asking their opinion about the company.”
“Ok, when do we get this survey?”
“Well later this week.”
“Ok, so what’s the deal?” I could see that he was starting to look a little stressed out.
“Here’s the thing: I’m in charge of coming up with the questions for this year’s survey.” 
I smiled, understanding. Not only was Yoda the corporate trainer for this center but he was the all-around slave for home office. I didn’t blame them—he was amazing at most everything. He knew just about everything there was about audit, was a wiz at IT and systems, and was OCD so everything that he did was perfect. I could also see his frustration. This wasn’t the first company survey I’d been asked to take in my time, so I knew the point of them was to get a feel for the employees. This information was important. If you knew how people were then you knew just how hard you could screw them without a lawsuit. 
“So why are you here?” I asked truly curious.
“I can’t come up with questions.”
“Look dude, it doesn’t matter anyway. No one takes those things seriously and if we did, it would just get used against us.”
“I’ll give you that.”
“And besides, they’re going to do what they want anyhow. It’s a waste of time. Just ask generic things: do you like your job, how hard do you actually work—that kind of crap. If you’re really stuck go ask Phillip. I’m sure he just read some self-help management book that could tell you everything you need to know.” 
He gave me a scowl. “You’re sick. I’m not talking to that freak. There’s something wrong with him.”
“Well, then what do you want from me?”
“I want your help; give me some questions, ideas, anything.”
“I honestly don’t know what to tell you man. Why don’t you just take last year’s and reword the questions?” 
He looked at me like I was genius and almost ran back to his desk.
My IM popped up.
horsechick “did you seriously just make it so we have to take the same survey again this year?”
Bmorrison “it’ll be new for me ” 
horsechick “don’t  smiley me you prick. that thing took an hour last year and we all got reamed for our anonymous answers.”
Bmorrison “for real?”
horsechick “yeah for real. oh well. how is Cory?”
Bmorrison “she’s great—I get to meet her family tonight so I’m excited.”
horsechick “wow getting serious isn’t it?”
Bmorrison “lol yeah I guess so”
I heard her phone ring and then Adrian’s voice as she picked it up.
Yoda took my advice and sure enough the next day at work, I received an email for an online app that was supposedly anonymous. I didn’t buy it for one second and I don’t think anyone else did either. The only person who would be talking about how wonderful and perfect everyone was would be Star Wars. Jedi never complained, you know. It took me around an hour to complete and most of it was pretty generic with a lot of how do you feel questions. The kicker was that almost all of the questions were essay style and that made them hard to BS. It felt like I was writing a book since each essay question had character limits so you couldn’t just write “yeah it rocks here”. You had to come up with reasons why it rocked here. After a few questions, my stock of answers was starting to dwindle. The last question was the best. It was the standard “is there anything else you would like to share with us” question, but you had to type in 1,000 characters. By that point, I was pissed; I had had enough. So I let them have it in that one. I talked about how I was pissed about my job being sent to India and that I didn’t like our QC program. I immediately was sorry after clicking submit. I knew this thing was far from anonymous and I was probably screwed, but oh well.
It wasn’t too long after that Yoda came walking up to my desk.
“So what did you think of the survey?”
“You’re a dick dude. That thing blew. I want to hit you right now.”
“Wh- why? It was almost last year’s verbatim. I just made it so you would have to enter essay answers this year. It was great!”
“Yeah, that was the part that sucked about it man. I was so irritated by the end that I actually told the truth.”
“Yeah, I know. That’s what I was going for.”
“Why the hell would you want to do that?”
Yoda looked at me like I was missing some grandiose point. “Now everyone said we’re pissed and we don’t want to be laid off. Not just a few people. This way we’ll just have some group meeting about the entire survey instead of one on ones with individuals.”
I didn’t think of that. He had a point. I could hear most of my neighbors grumbling while taking the survey too, so maybe there would just be the group thing. At any rate, I was still peeved about taking the test.
Yoda went on, “Hey have you seen that freaky new guy in the mail room?”
“The wha—?”
“Yeah, you know Collin Earl right?”
“Yeah, he’s that dude who’s way into Anime over in processing, kind of balding right?”
“Yeah, that’s the one. His cousin just started working here. His name is Monson or something.”
“Oh yeah?” 
“Yeah, you’ll know who I’m talking about. He’s got black hair and he’s all covered in scars and stuff.”
“Oh yeah, I think I have seen him.”
“Well, do you remember on the news awhile back about that bridge in Washington that blew up or something?”
“Yeah, Baroty Bridge I think.”
“Right, that one. Anyway, he was on that and was like the only survivor.”
“No kidding?” I was shocked. That story was a big deal; I remembered that. People said that it was a terrorist attack but I wasn’t entirely convinced.
“Crazy.”
“I know. so anyway, what are you doing for lunch?”
“I don’t know; where do you want to go?”

After much debate we settled on Good Times because let’s be honest, after a corporate survey you needed a little something extra. Other than that, the rest of my day was relatively uneventful. I did some audits, texted Cory, and was hoping to make it out of the building without a big meeting. To my astonishment, there wasn’t a meeting that day, nor the next, or even the day after that. There was no sign from management that anything was up. No sign that we even took a survey. It was worrisome. What if they were going to wait for our reviews before doing mentioning anything?
Yoda didn’t know what was up either and even Manager-lady didn’t. She was just as concerned as us. What did this mean? Chester thought it meant that we were all going to be fired or at least he was, but I didn’t buy into that. Chester always was thinking that the company was out to get him and they really never were. We all just settled into business as usual and hoped for the best.




Chapter 12 – Workplace Safety 

I felt Cory tense in my arms as the hero and villain battled it out on TV. We were sitting, or more lying, on the couch in my basement getting our weekly fix. My arms were wound around her waste and I felt her fingers tracing invisible designs along my forearm. Her head was resting against the base of my neck and her long curly hair would occasionally tickle my face. One of those advertisements for the next show flashed across the screen and we both grumbled.
“Does it seem like those keep getting bigger and more distracting?” she asked frustrated.
“Yes, they bug. I hate that one that stays on for like ten minutes telling people regular TV is going away. Please, we all know.”
“I know and it makes the screen all scrunched and stuff. It bugs.”
The show was on a commercial now and Cory turned in my arms so she could look at me better. She kissed my neck and I squeezed her closer. I liked commercial breaks.
“Do you have anything you’re looking forward to tomorrow?” she asked.
“We have a meeting on workplace safety.”
“That sounds fun,” she said sarcastically as she moved up my neck to nibble my ear. She didn’t really care about my meeting tomorrow and as she moved, I didn’t really care much about anything at all. 
I tried to concentrate. There was something about tomorrow she would find funny, what was it? More importantly, why was I trying to concentrate on work instead of the girl kissing my neck? 
I remembered. “Actually, it may be that Star Wars is leading it.”
She stopped and pushed up from me looking into my eyes smiling. “Are you serious? Can I come?” There was definite excitement in her voice.
I laughed. “Why do you want to come?”
“Hello, looks who teaching it? I’ve never met this guy, but the stories you and Yoda tell…I have to see this.”
Why was I wasting a commercial break on this?
“I don’t think they’ll let you.”
Oh yeah. I’m an idiot.
“Please, oh please let me go,” she pleaded half teasing.
“You work tomorrow don’t you?”
“I’m off tomorrow. Ask Manager–lady, she’ll let me.”
“I don’t think they’ll go for it. What will be our excuse?”
“We can say that we’re going to lunch together and…” she trailed off figuring out the reason.
“I don’t think this is going to work.”
“You’re probably right. Dang it. Oh well, you’ll have to tell me everything.”
“I will I—” She held her finger to my lips. The show was back on.
I woke up with a start to the sound of my phone’s alarm. Cory grumbled and I realized that we had fallen asleep on the couch. Even with my precious Choffy, mornings were hard times for me so I needed two alarms to get me out of bed. The one from my phone was the back up. It was the one that said “no more snooze get your butt out of bed” or in this case, off the couch. At some point last night we shifted because we were now completely lying down. Cory’s back was to the back of couch with most of her right side flopped over me. Her right arm wrapped around me. My right arm was around her too. Well, actually I thought it was more pinned under her. This couch wasn’t all that big and wasn’t meant for two to sleep on. I tried to move my arm to no avail. Great it’s asleep, I thought. My mouth was dry and so was my throat. I was on my back and on a couch. I could only wonder just how bad I snored last night. It must not have bothered her though because she didn’t wake me up. The phone went off again and I grumbled. I nudged Cory with my left hand.
“Babe, we need to get up.”
I felt her arm squeeze me and her head bury into my neck.
“Come on, I know it’s early. You can sleep but I need to get up.”
She mumbled something and I knew she was awake. She kissed my neck and using my other arm, the one I could confirm still existed, I reached over and rubbed her back and again felt her give me a gentle squeeze.
“How long were we out?” 
“My alarm just went off, so all night.”
She was quite for a moment. “Seriously?”
“Yeah.”
“We spent the night on the couch?”
“I know.” I groaned knowing exactly what she meant. As if my body was waiting for the command, I felt a twinge in my neck that could only mean a day of headaches and a sore neck. Still, it was nice waking up with her even if I lost the use of an arm. I could get used to that. Well, maybe not the arm. This was the first time we had had a ”sleepover”, so to speak, and a new problem arose in my mind: morning breath. I kissed the top of her head and then made sure to breathe away from her, twisting my head like I was stretching. The pain in my neck exploded and I knew instantly that I would regret this later. Cory must have been thinking the same thing as I felt her pointing her head away from my neck towards my chest, sending any noxious gasses away from my face. 
We were still for a bit. “I can’t feel my arm,” I said.
She laughed and moved. “Sorry.”
She rolled on top of me, as there really wasn’t anywhere else to go. I felt hot, tingly blood rush down my dead arm. We were face to face now, a place neither of us wanted to be. To my surprise, she still looked cute this early in the morning. The left side of her face had the imprint of my shirt on it and her hair was everywhere, but her hazel eyes were still warm and friendly. I almost forgot about my breath issues for a moment when I thought about how nice this would make my mornings. 
“Maybe I should call in.”
She smiled and pressed our faces lightly together. “No, because then we don’t get to hear about workplace safety.”
I ran my finger up her spine and felt her melt into me. “Are you sure you don’t want me to stay home today?” 
I felt soft lips on my cheek again and then on mine. The good morning kiss was much nicer than I thought it would be. Maybe it was because I already had the morning breath taste in my mouth or maybe because I really liked this girl. I didn’t know and after about two seconds I didn’t care.
“Go take your shower. I’ll make Choffy. Tonight we can go back to this…after you tell me what Star Wars says today.” 
She was up and stumbling out of the basement. I followed behind her and up to the shower.

An hour later, I tilted my head to one side and heard a resounding crack. Instantly, relief came to my sore neck.
“Wow, that was freakin’ loud,” Yoda said standing at the entrance to my cube or enclosure, as I liked to call it.
“Yeah, but it felt good.”
“I bet it did. You sleep funny?”
I looked at him thinking for a moment. “Yeah, I fell asleep on the couch.”
“Not during Heroes!” he said, shock and horror etching his tone.
“No, no I would never do that. We fell asleep afterwards.” Wait did I just let ”we” slip?
Yoda raised an eyebrow. “We?”
“Shut it. I don’t want to hear it.”
A mock look of offense crossed his face. “What? You think I would give you a hard time about sleeping with your girlfriend?” 
“Bill, you slept with Cory? Wow you guys are moving along, aren’t you?” Adrian’s glee filled voice rang out over the cube wall.
Manager-lady walked around the corner from Adrian’s desk. My heart sank. This was just my luck everyone was here and I knew I was in for it now. Yoda had a triumphant look on his face.
“So how was it? She didn’t laugh or anything, did she?” Manager-lady said with a smirk. Adrian snorted back a laugh and Yoda’s smile was showing every tooth he had.
“No, we didn’t have sex. We just fell asleep on the couch.”
It wasn’t a lie. Cory was really old fashioned and in a way, I kind of liked that.
“I didn’t say you had sex.”
“Oh, whatever ‘did she laugh?’” I said trying to impersonate her.
“Oh, so whenever you are asked if a woman laughed at you, you just assume that they’re asking about sex? So does that mean you get laughed at a lot when you hook up with a girl for the first time?”
“Shouldn’t you be firing someone or something?”
Manager-lady rolled her eyes and walked off. I knew this was far from over and soon most of the office would know about Cory spending the night. The thing that was funny about it was that we didn’t even do anything, unless you counted losing feeling in your right arm. My phone rang and some irate customer saved me from further embarrassment. After I hung up the phone, I was expecting crap for the rest of the morning but it didn’t happen. Maybe they let it go?
At ten, I followed everyone to one of the building’s main conference rooms. Once there, I settled in next to Adrian and Ankle. 
“Hey bro, how’s it going?”
“I’m good, you?”
“I’m doing good. How’s your neck? You’ve been rubbing it a lot today.”
“It’s fine. It’s starting to loosen up.”
“That’s cool man. Do you want me to call Cory and tell her she needs to be gentler on you in the bedroom?”
Damn it. I knew it wasn’t over.
“I’m good thanks.”
“Ok, well maybe today’s meeting will be good for you. Safety first, man, no matter how much fun it is.” He winked and tapped my arm with his fist. 
I made a fist of my own and flipped him off. He just smiled at me and I heard Star Wars clear his throat. Adrian was on my left sitting closer to the front then I was. She leaned over to talk to me. As she spoke, she pointed to the front of the long conference table we sat at. 
At the end of the table was a large yellow-looking tarp thing or maybe a plastic suit. It almost looked like one of the suits you saw people wearing on TV at chemical spill clean ups. 
“Welcome to our safety meeting everyone. I will be in charge today so if you have any questions, please feel free to raise your hand. Ok, now my younglings…”
“Younglings?” Manager-lady asked. Star Wars gave her a disapproving look.
“Ahem, your hand?” he said raising his arm, just like my third grade teacher.
“Your boss,” she said sardonically.
“Sorry, what is your question?”
“What are younglings?” 
“When a child enters the Jedi order, they’re called younglings until they get older. Then they move on to—” He didn’t get the chance to finish.
“We are adults, not kids.”
“Ah, yes, but you are younglings in workplace safety. Let me demonstrate. Bill, what would you do in the event of a terrorist attack on the building?”
Did he just ask me that?
“Die in a ball of flame and horror?” There were snickers around the room.
“Bill this is serious. This isn’t your love life we’re talking about here.”
My love life? Even Star Wars knew about last night? The thing was the others were joking. They all liked Cory, but Star Wars wasn’t joking. Now I was pissed, but was I going to raise my voice and act mad? No I am above that.
“I don’t know, run and scream? Then maybe see if I can get on CNN.”
There were more snickers around the room. No, I was going to be a dick.
“No you would go to the north parking lot and wait for instructions.”
“Shouldn’t we be trying to get away from the hot zone?”
“Bill there isn’t a hot zone.”
“Dude we’re being attacked by terrorists and there isn’t a hot zone?”
Adrian looked down at her pad of paper. I saw she was trying not to laugh. Star Wars wasn’t amused when he saw her.
“Adrian, do you know how to wear a HAZMAT suit?”
“Wh- what? Why on earth would I know that?”
“What if it was a chemical attack?”
“We’re an insurance company. I mean sure people hate us, the evil empire and all, but a terrorist attack? Come on.”
There was the sound of plastic being flung as Star Wars reached down and unfurled the HAZMAT suit in all its yellow glory.
“Why don’t you come help me show people how to put it on, Adrian?” 
I bit my lip and started taking notes. There was no way I wanted to forget any of this. Cory was going to love it!
“Nobody needs to put on the HAZMAT suit. This is not standard Riders safety stuff here,” Yoda said stepping in.
“But people need to—” 
“No they don’t. Please can we move on to the things that we need to know?”
Star Wars threw the suit on the table. “In order to keep toe injuries to a minimum there will be no more open-toed shoes allowed on the premises.”
There was an instant uproar. Had this statement been made in an office of men, there would have been a few chuckles and Star Wars may have even made a few people like him a bit more. This however, was not an office of men. In fact most of the office were women that all wore sandals, heals, flip flops and pretty much whatever else they wanted on their feet. Star Wars was going to die—I knew it. I wondered if I should duck out to go to the bathroom. I didn’t want to be filling out witness statements for the Greenwood Village police department all day. 
It was hard to make out individual words with all the yelling that was now taking place. Personally, I thought that people were over reacting. Star Wars couldn’t set company policy. He was a nobody like the rest of us. I think it was trying to get Adrian into the HAZMAT suit that must have fired everyone up. 
The best part about this meeting was I thought we would really see just how many Jedi tricks Star Wars knew. That thought reminded me of the younglings thing he tried not more than ten minutes ago. Up to this point, I never saw building security but I did now. Apparently, people outside the conference room called, and some poor rent-a-cop with bad acne and flaming red hair burst into the room. He attempted to calm everyone down. It was perfect. I wanted to ask him if he was a stepchild too but I decided against it. All of the guys in the room were edging our way to the door. Red looked like he was itching to use his pepper spray and I thought he was going to get the chance. It had moved from everyone yelling at Star Wars to everyone yelling at each other. This was how riots were born. On the bright side, Cory was going to flip.



Chapter 13 – Super Auditor 

Today was going to be a good day. I just knew it. Halloween was making a come back for me. Not that I dressed up or went to parties or anything of that nature, but more that Riders was having a party ( party where most of the claims girls would be in the usual slutty costumes that hot chicks wore). Also, we were allowed to tick-or-treat in the building. Maybe the tick-or-treating was the kicker. Halloween lost its fun when I got too old to run from house to house with a pillow case asking for candy from strangers. I didn’t eat much candy back then, but I think it was the fact that Halloween was the one night that it was ok to take candy from strangers. 
The costumes were a necessary evil. I didn’t get the point of Halloween costumes until my family spent Halloween in Hawaii. It wasn’t that my mom didn’t put effort into my costume because she did, but more that I grew up in Colorado. Every October in Colorado, parents dressed there kids up in elaborate costumes just like anywhere else. And just like anywhere else, they’d take cute pictures of those kids. But here is the kicker: in Colorado, after mom and dad take those pictures, they wrapped you in a goose down parka, gloves, a scarf, boots, and a hat because Halloween isn’t warm here. It’s dang cold. You don’t just run from house to house to get more candy. It’s a matter of survival. Hypothermia sets in fast for children, so you have to move quick or you won’t get the chance to enjoy your plunders for the night. 
Now I sat warm and cozy in my enclosure at work waiting for Adrian to come in. I didn’t make a habit of waiting for her to arrive at work but today was special. Today was special because Adrian lost a bet, or I should say her and her boyfriend Jim lost a bet. The bet was a close one I had to admit, but in the end, Cory and I won.
Adrian, her boyfriend Jim, Cory, and I were growing into good friends in the way only couples could. Cory and Jim loved the stories about Riders and that’s where the bet came from. It was last week at dinner when we started to speculate what people in the office would dress up as for Halloween. Star Wars was easy and took no time, but there were other harder ones to figure out. Chester was the one we were worried about. Well, not worried per say, but curious. Kids would be in the building on Halloween walking from cube to cube with their parents. So would Chester stay true to form and chose a costume that worried parents, or would he come in regular clothes and still worry parents? I chose option one, Adrian and Jim disagreed with me and so we made the bet. The bet was if Cory and I were right then they had to dress up as whatever we wanted. If they were right, then we would dress up. 
I was worried about who was going to win, but I knew Chester and I wasn’t disappointed. I thought back, remembering the look of defeat on Adrian’s face when he told us that he was coming as a clown of all things.
Now, I waited for victory. Chester was here in the full clown getup; it was priceless. He still wore the same molester glasses and had that creepy feel about him. I looked at my computer noting the time. Adrian should be here soon. She better not have called in; I would kill her. 
I felt a smile almost split my face in half as she entered the room. Acid green boots with matching stretch sweatpants and top lit up the room. On the long sleeved green shirt was a giant yellow ‘A’ inside a blue circle. A long green cape waved behind her. As Adrian blushed with embarrassment, the red of her cheeks seemed to accent the green lipstick and fake eye lashes. The best part was the hat. Oh yes, the hat. The same hat that was the company’s coveted logo, the same we had received so long ago. As she walked to her desk, Fiasco and Junior started to clap and cheer loudly bringing everyone’s attention to Adrian.
“Woo, yeah! Is the ‘A’ for Adrian?” Fiasco taunted. He knew what the ‘A’ was for; everyone did. But she had to say it.
Adrian scowled playfully at everyone. “It’s for Super Auditor, so don’t mess with me.”
Everyone burst into laughter. She gave me a murderous stare as I pulled out my phone and snapped a picture.
“I guess I get to hear you gloat all day, don’t I?” 
“And this evening. I can’t wait to see Jim.”
I sent the picture to Cory’s phone. Normally, I wouldn’t have sent her anything so early in the morning but she would be looking forward to this and I knew she was already up. 
“Sending that to Cory?” Adrian asked raising an eyebrow.
I smiled. “Maybe.”
“It’s seven in the morning. It’s a little early isn’t it…or do you know she’s up?”
I chuckled. “I know she’s up.”
“Really, you do. Why were you at her place last night or was she at yours?” 
“Shouldn’t your super audit powers be able to tell you the answer to that question?”
She glared at me. “Ha, funny guy.”
She walked into her cube and I decided to try and finish some work before the distractions started. I didn’t have to wait long. Soon, Star Wars came strolling by my desk. He was a full-fledged member of his Jedi Order but he was dressed as a Storm Trooper. I didn’t really understand how a Storm Trooper could be in the Jedi order. Maybe that kind of Trooper was from one of the new movies before they killed all the Jedi. Either way, Star Wars spent a fortune on his stuff. He had on a traditional Storm Trooper suit and from the looks of it, it wasn’t just for fun. More than likely, he considered this thing to be a uniform. There were even ranking decals on it. He wasn’t allowed to wear the helmet in the building because it could keep him from hearing the phone or something like that. The company wasn’t all that fond of him bringing in his blaster either but I didn’t see why. I mean sure, Star Wars was that guy who everyone thought was going to shoot up the place someday but still, people who wear fanny packs should not be considered dangerous. From my understanding, Star Wars was very anti-gun anyway. And, the iLight Saber wasn’t due to come out until at least June.
“Bill, what are you dressed as today?” he asked me.
“8810”
“8810?”
“Yeah, you know a clerical employee, code 8810 for workers comp?”
“I know what code 8810 is. Well it’s a good costume then. You’re dressed like its casual Friday, jeans and all.”
That was because it was casual Friday, just like every Friday. Saying I was dressing as a clerical employee may have been a little boring but I did work for an insurance company; we weren’t exactly exciting people. I was worried Star Wars was going to keep talking to me; he never left people’s desks. But to my great relief the phone rang. It was a local number some 720 one. Star Wars walked away as I reached to answer.
“Riders Premium Audit Department, this is Bill. How can I help you?”
“You owe me,” Yoda’s voice said and then hung up.
Calling people from your cell phone to get rid of irritating coworkers was standard operating procedure in our department. There were six of us in the office that were part of the WTF pack. The pack was made up of Yoda, Adrian, Fiasco, Ankle, Chester, and myself. We all had each other’s work numbers on our mobile phone’s speed dial and we weren’t afraid to use it. Calls were common and we watched out for each other. Adrian and I sat too close together to pull off a call but if one of us heard the other under attack, we would IM someone else in the pack. The same went for Yoda, Fiasco, and Chester. Ankle was the only one in the pack that didn’t have a spotter, as we liked to call the person doing the IM’ing. For him, being on the phones was a bit of a natural protection. 
I was looking forward to hearing the rest of the building’s opinion about Star Wars and most importantly, Adrian. Part of the deal of being Super Auditor came with some responsibilities. Like telling people who asked who you were that you were in fact Super Auditor. Oh, and she couldn’t say she lost a bet either. 

I didn’t see the responses that I was hoping for. Sure the rest of the building went buck wild dressing up, but between Super Auditor, which consequently everyone thought was odd, and Star Wars letting everyone know that his costume wasn’t just a Halloween getup, most of the building started to steer clear of audit.
Manager-lady came bouncing to my desk in a cat girl costume. “Hey, we’re going trick-or-treating. Do you want to come?”
“Do I get credit time for it?”
“Yes,” she huffed rolling her eyes. “It won’t go against your production.”
“Ok, I’m in.”
“Well you need a costume, so…”
I grabbed a piece of scrap paper and with a big permanent marker wrote ‘8810’ and taped it to my chest. Manager-lady rolled her eyes at me again but didn’t complain.  



Chapter 14 – They’re Out to Get Me

Why oh why did I have to move my desk again!? This was the second time this week and I was now in a very bad situation. Behind me was Star Wars, to my left was Chester (which was fine), but the cube to my right was Moleth! Thank goodness she was still on vacation. But she was bound to be back soon. She was supposed to be back last week, I thought. 
Chester rolled his chair in my cube and gave me a conspiratorial look. I knew that look. That was the look that he gave whenever he thought people were out to get him. 
“So, are you and your little friends in the Velvet Hand plotting against me again?” The thing that was sad about this was that he wasn’t joking. He really did think everyone was out to get him.
I gave up being sarcastic. “Chester, no one is out to get you. I’m sorry you’re just not that important.”
“That’s what I thought but you people are always trying to screw me over.”
I shook my head, started to speak and then stopped, my finger flashing under my nose. I held back the sneeze.
“Sorry, no one is after—achoo!” 
I barely got my face buried in my elbow before it happened. Two or three others would follow this initial sneeze, the last one invariably leaving my eyes watering.
Chester’s face hardened. “Fine, don’t talk to me, dick. This is crap.”
“Chester, are you serious? I can’t—achoo!” I sniffed. “Dang it. ACHOO!”
That was the big one, the one that always made my eyes water and would cost me at least two tissues. Chester was gone now and that was just fine with me. He was being a moron and more importantly my face was covered in tears and mucus. Riders was one of the richest companies in the world. So rich in fact, that the empty building next to us was a spare just in case we ever needed it. A spare building was a cost well worth it, but air filters for the building that people worked in? Oh, heck no. Why on earth would you want that? Most sawmills had less crap flying around than this place. People at Riders didn’t suffer from seasonal allergies. No we suffered from nine to five allergies. That’s what we had. It was bad now, too because the jungle flooded the other day and when that happened, it took the building a while to clean it up. Needless to say, there was more mold flying around the air ducts than there was in a thousand pound block of blue cheese. The company wasn’t big on buying tissue either so most people kept a stash of one or two boxes at their desks.
Someone cleared their throat and Star Wars’ voice rang with irritation. “I’m trying to make phone calls. Please keep it down if you don’t mind.”
I turned to glare at him. “Sorry man.”
“Maybe if you turned off that fan you wouldn’t get stuff blown in your face.” As he spoke, he tightened his gray cardigan around his shoulders. 
Star Wars could care less about my well-being. He was cold, but I didn’t understand how he could be. The office temperature hovered around 75 all day long. Most of the office had little fans on their desks just to keep from sweating to death. I was no exception. My little black fan hummed away, but it wasn’t a strong fan by a long shot. It didn’t even blow the papers sitting in front of it around. It also wasn’t pointed at Star Wars. Even if it was, the cube’s half wall at the end of the desk would block the almost nonexistent breeze. Let’s just call a spade a spade here: Star Wars was just a pussy who liked to whine. He had on a turtleneck and a cardigan all year long. I own one turtleneck and I didn’t even know they made cardigans for men until I worked here. Oh well;I didn’t care. 
My email icon flashed at the bottom of my screen as I turned around. ”Meeting in front of Larry’s office in five”. Great, what now?
We all milled around the door to Larry’s office (which was closed), all of the management and Yoda, who was kind of like a manager, locked inside. They came out looking concerned. Well, all but Yoda came out. He was on the phone with someone and he looked confused and a bit worried. 
Larry spread his hands wide. “Everyone, there has been… an… an accident.”
We all perked up.
“As many of you know, Moleth went to Peru to look for crop circles and all that stuff.” There were nods from the gathered crowd. “Apparently one night she and the group she was with were waiting to see…well whatever it is they were looking for. From what we’ve been told, something did fall from the sky. A small meteor we think, but some sort of space rock and it either hit Moleth or hit around her—we’re not sure on that part.” There was a collective gasp. Maybe I wouldn’t have to sit by her after all.
Larry went on. “She’s alive but is in the hospital.”
Smoke Stack spoke out with a deep, gravelly voice. “How did she live through that?”
Larry looked like he was going to speak but I was surprised when I head Yoda’s voice. “She wasn’t hit by a space rock. I just confirmed it with a buddy of mine that works for NASA. There was a plane like a 747 or something flying over the area and there was an issue with it. It had to make an emergency landing and thought it was over the ocean so I jettisoned it’s…well, I guess she was hit by a compressed um… mass of…waste.”
“Waste?” Adrian asked.
“Yeah, waste.”
“Like what kind of waste?”
Yoda looked down and said in almost a whisper, “Fecal.”
“Fe- fecal? What on earth is that?” she pressed.
Yoda’s face turned a soft shade of red and suddenly, the word clicked for me. Without thinking, I answered for him, “Poop!”
“Bill!” Manager-lady said reproachfully.
“No, he’s right. It was that and toilet paper and all that stuff.”
There wasn’t a sound. The looks on all the managers’ faces told us that this wasn’t a joke but I mean come on, it was kind of funny.
“How big?” I asked, morbid curiosity getting the best of me.
“Around forty pounds they think. No one is sure. It broke up a bit and hit most of the crowd. They think Moleth caught the brunt of it though.”
The image of a large group of people with tinfoil on their heads being slopped by crap filled my head and I bit down hard on my tongue to keep from laughing. For the second time today, my eyes filled with tears and Star Wars turned to me tapping is shoulder.
“I know you guys are close, Bill. If you need to cry, there’s always a shoulder here for you.”   
Adrian coughed out a laugh. “Sorry,” she said looking down and turning red.
After that, all of us just hung around for a while. Moleth was going to be fine, or so they said. Though really how normal can your life be after getting hit by compressed poo? No one knew if they should be concerned, so they weren’t sure if they should cry or laugh. I mean after all…

It was relatively early in the morning when I got back to my desk, but I still picked up the phone and called Cory.
Her voice was rough with sleep when she answered. “H- hello?”
“Hey babe, sorry to wake you up.”
“You should be,” she said but her voice sounded a bit more pleased.
“You’ll never guess what we were told this morning.”
“You’re right. That’s because it’s…” There was a pause as I presumed she turned to her clock. “…it’s seven in the morning.”
“I know sorry but this couldn’t wait. Ok, you know how I told you Moleth was supposed to be back a while ago?”
“Yeah, what did she get taken by E.T. or something?”
Now it was my turned to pause.
Cory was awake now when she spoke. “She didn’t tell you she got abducted or probed or something, did she?”
“No, she’s not back. It was the something.”
“Really? What? It’s too early to string me along.”
I launched into the story making sure to give every single detail. When I was finished , there was silence on the other end.
“Babe, you there?”
“You’re BS’ing me. You called me at seven a.m. to BS me? I’m so hanging up and tonight you owe me a foot rub or something.”
“Don’t hang up, I’m telling the truth. Do you want to hear it from Adrian?”
“You are telling me the truth?”
“Yep.”
She started to laugh, “She got hit by crap? No way. That’s hilarious. Was it E.T.’s?” she joked.
“See, aren’t you happy I called you?”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
“So do you want to come by for lunch?”
“You buying?”
“Of course.” 
“I don’t work until one so meet me at BW2’s at like twelve.”
“Sounds good.”
We hung up and I tried to start working, but I couldn’t keep lunch off my mind. I was seriously ready for lunch by the time I left to go meet Cory. 
I was about ready to kill Chester. He hadn’t improved at all. He was convinced that he was going to somehow be blamed for Moleth’s work not getting done while she was out, and said that he was pretty sure they were listening to his phone calls now. I had to agree with him on that last part. Riders was like every company. When you called you were told that the call may be recorded for training purposes. So really, all of our calls were being monitored not just Chester’s. 
I sped up I-25 to BW2’s. Normally, I couldn’t do wings on a workday. It just took too long, but since Cory…well, having a girl on the inside helped a ton. One call from her before we arrived and bam, lunch was waiting for you when you walked through the door. Still, thirty minutes was pushing it a little.
When I was back at work I found several IM’s from a harassed Adrian asking what Chester’s problem was today. I told her I didn’t know but that it was getting to me, too. I heard a small knock on my cube wall and turned to look at Yoda.
“Hey bud,” I said.
“Is there something wrong with Chester?”
I sighed, “I don’t know?”
“Well can you talk to him? You’re the best with him.”
“One, he’s not a kid and two, heck no. He’s on about conspiracies and how everyone’s out get him again.”
Yoda rolled his eyes. “Of course he is. That’s what Chester does. Ok, sorry to bother you man.”
Yoda walked off and I turned back to my computer. I really did need to work now. There was the sound of someone clearing their throat. I gritted my teeth and turned around trying to relax my face into non-annoyance. It was Chester and he looked pissed.
“So, you guys are talking about me huh?”
I just raised an eyebrow.
“Don’t give me that. I’ve been listening to you guys.”
I held up my hand. “You’ve been listening?”
“Yeah, and it’s a good thing I did. It sounds like your trying to get rid of me.”
I stopped trying to relax my face and felt the look of irritation return. “Chester, you are being a pain today and that has nothing to do with anyone other than you. People are concerned or rather annoyed with you.”
“I guess that just makes all the more reason for you to try and get rid of me, huh?” It was not a mere question, but rather an accusation, of course.
I wasn’t one for rolling my eyes. It just wasn’t something I did all that much. That all changed when I met Chester. Now I did it quite frequently. It was like breathing. I didn’t have to tell my eyes to do it anymore. Chester seemed to take this as confirmation and walked off shaking his head from side to side. I took a deep breath in through my nose to calm myself. Bad idea.”A- Achoo.” I sniffled and felt my eyes water. The next two came in quick secession. “A choo…dang— A CHOO!” It was official: this place was hell.

Chapter 15 – Are You Serious?
“Bill, are you serious? I mean come on, I like Cory but it’s been what, three maybe four months?”
I knew there was going to be no way of placating Adrian on this one but it didn’t hurt to try. “Look, I know we haven’t dated long but come on, you can’t deny that we are kind of meant for each other. And I know that’s cheesy…”
“I know but still, getting married? What did her family say? And your family for that matter?”
“Well her dad and mom love me. Same goes for my family liking her. They don’t mind, they trust us.” I emphasized the trust us part.
She glared at me. “I trust you. Well I’m happy for you. Please tell me you didn’t ask her to marry you last night at BW2’s?”
I looked away. She didn’t want me to tell her so…
“OMG Bill! You did not propose at a sports bar!”
“It’s a little more than a sports bar…”
“Really? You think so? Do they have beer, giant TV’s with sports playing, and um, oh yeah, hot wings as the main course?”
“It’s where we met and where I asked her out. She liked it.”
“I’m sure she did. She’s a freak about that place too. Seriously Bill, you crack me up. Well congrats. Are you moving in together?”
“No, we’re both kind of old fashion that way and her lease is up in three months so it works out anyway.”
A look of pure incredulity crossed over Adrian’s face. “You’re getting married in three months?” 
“Yeah, why not? It’s not like we’re going to change our minds or anything.”
She shook her head. I shrugged. Cory’s mom saw herself as an up and coming wedding planner, so Cory and I wouldn’t have to do anything. When I thought about it, I wasn’t sure if we would even be allowed to do anything. 
It didn’t matter anyhow. Nothing could bring me down today, nothing at all. Although, I was pretty sure Moleth would try. Ever since she arrived a month ago she was making up for lost time that was usually spent pissing people off. But she couldn’t affect me today. 
I put in my ear buds and decided to go for classical today. I don’t know what it was about classical music. I liked it most of the time, but I wouldn’t say it was on the top of my most-played list. No, Classical music to me was like Taco Bell for most people. You could go months without wanting it and then you start to crave it like…like crack filled tacos. Yes, that was the right description. Few people think that Taco Bell is even remotely high quality food but we all find ourselves thinking about it a lot of the time. Ok, maybe that wasn’t a good analogy. After all, I did like Taco Bell but I liked Classical music, too. At any rate, I felt a binge coming on and it was for these occasions that I kept a good supply of classical in my iPod just in case. 
The music was soothing as Moonlight Sonata started up. I began looking through my cluttered email box. I needed to purge it, which I seriously considered. But what if there was something important in there? Just because I didn’t read my email didn’t mean that I thought every email I received was unimportant. It’s just that most of them were unimportant. I built a rule wizard in Outlook for that exact purpose; it was great. Most of the junk from corporate went into a folder called “I don’t care”. All of Philip’s emails automatically forwarded themselves, too. As I read along the large list, there was a meeting request from Larry that came into the folder. It was for eleven in the Meeker room. The odd part was that it was for the whole department. We never met together in a formal meeting. It was always just a gathering outside Larry’s office.
Time melted by, and for once I didn’t think about the sure-to-be boring meeting. I just listened music and, to be honest, thought about Cory a lot. Man, had I been nervous last night. Sure, I knew she was going to say yes—We had picked out the ring together. But still. 
At 10:55 a.m. Adrian and I made our way to the Meeker room. I even brought two different colored pens to this meeting. Whatever it was, it didn’t matter. I was in Lalaland today.
“What do you think this is about?” Adrian asked on our way up. I could hear similar questions coming from others in our group.
“I have no idea. Maybe we’re getting another logo.”
“Don’t say that, Bill; you’ll jinx us.”
“Sorry.”
“You probably don’t care today anyway, do you?” she nudged me.
I just smiled. I really didn’t care. The Meeker room was one of the larger conference rooms and when I slipped through the door, all of management was waiting for us with the new HR lady. What was she doing here? They didn’t look happy. Well, Philip looked a little happy but that didn’t mean much. We all sat and stared at Larry, waiting for the big man to talk. My ‘I don’t care attitude was starting to wane a bit. He really did look concerned. I did a quick head count. Everyone was here; no one died or was hit by filth of some kind. He cleared his throat.
“Thank you for coming up here today.” He stopped for a moment.
“As many of you know, the company has been looking to leverage offshore resources.” There was a new kind of silence in the room. Larry read it correctly.
“Don’t worry, Riders is still strong; it’s not going anywhere.”
There was a collective sigh at this and Larry seemed to loosen up. At least we weren’t screwed; that was good.
“In keeping with this, Riders is going to be using some of that offshore leverage to help audit.” He smiled widely. “And I’m happy to announce that we’ve found way to offshore nearly all of audit’s functionality.”
And how was that good news?
“So, what does that mean for us, Larry?” Yoda piped up.
“Well, like I said, don’t worry. Riders is still strong and that’s what matters. Now, as for the Denver Center, we will be shutting it down.”
There was pandemonium. There was no telling what all was said but most of it didn’t follow the golden rule if I wasn’t mistaken.
Larry attempted to calm everyone. “Don’t worry, we’re not going out of business.”
“Why would we care about that if we don’t work here?” some lady yelled; there was no telling who. 
My feeling of calm was dissipating fast. The room’s volume seemed to be turned to mute. I knew there were questions being asked and severance being explained, but I didn’t hear any it. I didn’t notice time or anything. All I could think was that I didn’t have Cory’s ring paid for. There was other unimportant stuff to, like what was going to happen to all the videos and crap I had on my work computer? The last time I was laid off, I had some notice, some time to go klepto with the sticky notes and pens. But holy crap, today was our last day! What stuff would I keep? What could I keep? Would they even let us log back into the system? I hoped so. I just changed all my bills to email my work address! Never did loosing your job seem to affect me. Maybe it should, but I mean hell, I lived with my mom, Cory already lived by herself, and it wasn’t like we were going to need a two bedroom place. Plus, from what I could hear about the severance package, it sounded pretty good. 
Suddenly, I was back at my desk cleaning it. When did I leave the conference room? They did allow us back into the system or more accurately, they forgot to tell the IT guy to lock us out and he was on lunch now. I sent a “sorry I don’t work here anymore because Apu oo is better than me apparently” email to all of my contacts. My work phone rang. I knew the number. It was for a local insurance agent. I answered.
“Hey man, I just got canned. I can’t help you with one of your retarded clients.”
“Yeah, I know. Great news; congrats man!”
“Are you high? I just told you I lost my job.”
“And I just happen to need someone to help my agency with audit support and basic sales.”
Wow, that was impressive. My butt hadn’t even been hit by the door yet and I was getting an offer.
“I don’t …sales.?”
“Yeah it’s easy. Insurance sells itself and you’ll be doing a lot of audit support anyway. I’ve been wanting to offer you a job for awhile but if I tried, well, you know Riders can be a dick.”
“Yeah I hear ya there.”
“Come on, say yes before they disconnect your phone. You’re just moving class codes. Ya know, from 8810 to 8742 so to speak.” 8742 was the outside salesperson class code. I caught onto the reference. “Ok fine, I’ll try it out but no promises, ok?”
“Great!” 
I gave him my number and I felt better. “That was good hustle about the phone not working.”
“That wasn’t hustle dude. They’re Nazi’s. There’ll be people to escort you out of the building and make sure you don’t jack Post-it notes or anything.”
“But cut off the phones? Come on you can’t be serious”
“Just you wa—”
The phone went dead. He had to be jacking with me, but then I started to hear muffled “hello, hello, did you hang up?” coming from other cubes. He wasn’t joking, not even about the escorts. Holy crap this was lame. Yoda walked to my desk.
“Hey bro you tell your wife?”
“No, I got a call from Tony at that agency in Highlands Ranch. I told him couldn’t help him anymore.” 
How many people did Tony call for help? He called me like once a day!
“Did he offer you a job starting in two weeks?” I asked.
Yoda looked taken back. “The force is strong with—”
“Don’t even finish that.”
“Sorry, but yeah he did. I take it you got one too?”
“Yep.”
“Cool.”
“Wings?”
Yoda stared at me and then his shoulders shrugged. “Sure.”
“Do you think anyone else will want to go?”
Yoda looked around at the people packing their stuff in boxes. “I don’t think so. Maybe if you yell it standing on your desk Dead Poets Society style they’ll be inspired.”
“Will you pay for my lunch?”
“Sure, why not.”
“Cool!” 
“You’re not going to…” he trailed off.
“What are they going to do, fire me?”
I stood on my former desk and yelled, “My fellow piss-ons, hear my words!” 
People stopped and looked at me and smiled. Others, like Star Wars scowled and growled at me.
Star Wars spoke, “Bill that’s—”
“Oh shut up man. We’re not Jedi and no one cares except maybe the guys who are here to walk us out and they’re…where are they?” 
I looked around. “They’re just underwriters. They went to lunch.” Manager-lady said.
“Oh cool. Anyway, today we’ve all been fist fu—”
“Bill!” Manager-lady barked.
“What? Anyway you know what I mean. We got kicked out on our aces!”
Manager-lady looked like she was going to protest again.
“Oh, I said aces. Got ya, didn’t I? You thought I was going to say a—”
“Bill!” This time it was from Yoda.
“Fine! Anyway, we all got screwed and most of us hated this place anyway. So I’m going to BW2’s to celebrate my freedom and to tell my fiancé that she may need to, um, pay for some of our dates for a while. Not like it matters anyway; it’s going to be our money soon right? Right! So let’s get out of here!”
I jumped off my desk and grabbed my box of stuff and walked with Yoda to the door. Chester glared at us as we passed by.
“Do you see what you did?” he said with cold malice.
“Oh shut it man! Are you coming?” 
Chester’s face relaxed. “Ah screw it. I hated this place. Yeah, I’m coming.” 
I remembered something and dashed back to my desk and then Yoda’s. When I got back to the group, Adrian and Manager-lady were standing there. In my hands were mine and Yoda’s green hats. I placed mine on my head and gave Yoda his. 
“Ok let’s go see if we can completely trash the company’s image,” I said with a smile.
Yoda put on his hat and we all left Riders Insurance for the last time.




