Brewed

By Joby Bottoms

Copyright 2012 Joby Bottoms

Smashwords Edition



==========



This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. The eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Brewed – A Prologue

“Out of shit, grows flowers” – Big Sue 2007

Tea - The Beginning: From a young age I quickly became aware that any problem could be fixed as long as there was a cup of tea to hand. When someone had a serious issue that needed resolving, nothing would be discussed until our kettle called George had been filled with water, placed on the gas ring and whistled his way to boiling point, then one of my siblings, who would be stationed in the kitchen to keep an eye on the boiling kettle would shout, “George” at the top of their voices so that one of the adults would come and make the tea. Dear old George, he died aged seventeen, would then be used to directly fill up a number of chipped mugs (cups and saucers if Nan was round) or a cracked up old brown teapot (if guests were round). Discussions would then commence over steaming mugs of Sainsbury’s own brand tea, I think it was called Red Label.

Tea has featured in my life from an early age. Is it no surprise then that I write this from a 140 acre tea estate in the central hills of Sri Lanka, which used to be owned by Sir Thomas Lipton, of Lipton’s Tea fame? My Journey is one that started in humble beginnings (bloody poor) to an enchanted and enriched life on a working tea estate located on the Paradise Island that is Sri Lanka. This brings me nicely to my opening quote from the most wonderful human being who has known me since the day I was born, Big Sue. I went to live with Big Sue in East London when I was twenty-six years old. She divulged to me many stories about my childhood, giving me the full account from her “outsiders” perspective. If Buddha had been told these stories while meditating under the Bo tree it would have definitely come crashing down on his head. After enthralling and appalling me with the true stories behind the façade that formed my childhood, she concluded with, “As I’ve always said Joby, Out of Shit Grows Flowers”; my siblings and I being the “shit” who blossomed into beautiful “flowers”. Big Sue never disappoints with her post-modern poetic verse.

Before moving to Sri Lanka in February 2011 to manage the tea estate I thought it best to conduct some research into tea; how it grows, how best to maintain the plants to optimize on the yield, how much cow poo to put it in the ground to keep everything organic and all other manner of things that I thought were necessary to understand prior to taking on the job. I spent hour’s Google-ing, Yahoo-ing, Bing-ing, Wikipedia-ing and all the other “ing” things that need to be done to get adequate information from the various sources on the web. It was imperative to do this, I thought, as I had absolutely no knowledge or experience of tea (other than drinking it with milk and one sugar and as a medicine to cure a quarrel), farming, agriculture, nature, wildlife, biodiversity, carbon off-setting, organicasmatronic yielding and all of the other weird words that I’ve come across while doing my research that continue to make no sense to me at all. Actually, I made up organicasmatronic by combining “organic” and a slant on “Ana Matronic” from the Scissor Sisters because I particularly the band. It sounds agricultural though doesn’t it?

What I did discover was that there are hundreds, if not thousands, of books and articles that have been written about tea and the further I got into my research the more it marveled me how the authors of these books and articles described tea in celebratory, ceremonious, enriching and enlightening terms. I got fairly carried away with the illustrious prose on how hop, skip and jumpy tea was and still is, despite the coffee revolution. How joyous, I thought, to be involved with tea at a cow shit level. From dung to tea cup, I’m bound to become enlightened.

Now the con to being a romanticist is that nothing really ever turns out to be as romantic as the romanticist would have liked. Rose-tinted glasses always tend to lose their colour in direct sunlight and end up blinding the not-so-fashion-conscious wearer because of the lack of UV protection once the pink has faded. The downfall of my experience with tea however is not for this story. I am reserving it for another day, for a sequel perhaps. I’m thinking of calling the sequel “Drunk” because after something has “Brewed” (the title of this book if you hadn’t already noticed), I figure that the next logical step is to drink whatever it is that has been brewed.

For now, I hope you enjoy “Brewed”. It is a series of essays based around certain themes that form the story of my life, up until the point that I packed my bag, aged thirty, and departed for the unknown; employed by “the actress” and “the entrepreneur” who gave me a shot at looking after their business affairs abroad.

Namely Me

I entered the world on the 4th February 1981, I’m not exactly sure of the time that I was born and neither is my Mother, although she pretends to know in an attempt to show me that I’m special. To be fair to her though, how can she possibly remember, after all I’m the sixth one down from the top, or third one up from the bottom, depending on your viewpoint, out of a total of eight. That’s right; Mum has eight kids, which is rather a lot for the generation in to which I was born. It’s worth noting that my Mother is the eldest of eight children so I guess it was pretty normal for her to then produce eight of her own; it’s one of those “behavioral cycle” things that therapists talk about.

Ok, in acknowledgement of my Mum’s attempt at making me feel special, I was born on the 4th February 1981, at sometime around 11:30pm. I’m not sure how long after this that they decided to name me, but my Birth Certificate reads: Jubal Obadiah Bottoms. And don’t be mistaken that I am lucky enough to have even an inch of ethnicity about me; I am a Caucasian, thirty year old male with the name Jubal Obadiah Bottoms. My ingenious sister, Teresa (she managed to score a normal name), decided that to avoid confusion in the house because my Father was also called Jubal; they should come up with a nickname for me. She took the J from Jubal, the O from Obadiah and the B from Bottoms and stuck a Y on the end because at the time of my birth I was the youngest, resulting in JOBY. Thank you Teresa, you are a life saver, not least because I only had to learn to spell Joby Bottoms before starting school. 

So I have only ever been called Joby. I was registered at school as Joby and I never had to acknowledge the full name that is printed in bold on my fading birth certificate. Of course, I still had Bottoms to contend with but I’ve always been a fairly resilient chap and learnt very quickly that the best form of defense was to attack myself first. “Yeah, yeah, Bottoms is my name, the plural of arse”, I would say to my lesser intelligent friends at Primary school (the word “plural” sufficiently baffled them so that they couldn’t quip back at me). It wasn’t always easy though and it didn’t help that I was rather chubby when I was younger. There were times when I’d be called Joby the Hut, after that fat creature from the Star Wars films. I later learned to turn this around by calling myself Joby Wan Kenobi, after the Jedi Master which was much more favorable. However this inevitably became an insult when one smart ass decided to add; “nobody wants to know me” onto the end of Joby Wan Kenobi, therefore creating a rhyme which would occasionally be chanted at me.

In the midst of all this, I did make friends at Primary school, I guess because I was the fat, funny one in the class. One such friend was Stephen Gracie and his family came from Glasgow so he had a Scottish accent. I remember him being a good friend to me in Primary school. I later became reacquainted with him at Secondary school and he told me that he used to laugh about my first name. I couldn’t understand why he would take preference in mocking my first name when my surname was so clearly humorous. He told me that when Joby is pronounced with a Scottish accent, it becomes “Jobby”, which is slang for a shit. Jobby Bottoms; just go ahead and call me Shit Arse for short.

Thankfully my Father died when I was twelve years old. Within two weeks of his death I asked my Mother if there was any way I could change my name. It turns out that for the price of five Great British Pounds; a minor can visit the Citizen’s Advice Bureau along with a Parent or Guardian and have their name legally changed by Deed Poll. With a skip in my step I accompanied my Mother and two younger brothers to this magical Bureau and legally became Joby Davies. No more Jubal, no more Obadiah (which as an adult I’ve really come to like) and no more Bottoms. At the age of twelve, I thankfully became Joby Davies, having taken my Mother’s maiden name. My cherished Change of Name Deed now accompanies my Birth Certificate on all official outings.

As an adult I have asked my Mother why I received such a hideous name when my siblings were named as follows, in chronological order from the top; Teresa, Peter, John, Donna, Michael, Jubal Obadiah, Nathaniel Mordecai and William. Of course, it would be unfair of me not to have some sympathy for Nathaniel (later known as Naff) who was always called Nathaniel Moldy Pie which rhymes with Mordecai, but he’s never expressed any anguish over his birth name and anyway, he’s far less sensitive than me. My dear Mother has only ever been able to respond to me by advising that she gave my Father the opportunity to name both Nathaniel and myself, and he wanted me to have his first name, like many alpha-males wanting to have a son named after them, which personally I believe is directly attributed to a man’s inflated ego. For this decision I cannot criticize my Mother, it’s most likely that she’d run out of name’s by the time she got to me.

However, there is one thing that continues to baffle me. At my Father’s funeral, his younger brother, Lorry; more of a large vehicle than a name, advised my brother Peter that my Father’s name was in fact George and not Jubal at all.

What’s in a name anyway?

Naturally I am not alone in the Bad Names Department. At Secondary school, there was a kid in my tutor group with the most marvelous of surnames. His name was Stephen Acock. I’ve often thought how wonderful it would have been if we could have collaborated on a script of some kind; “A Play by Acock & Bottoms” has rather a nice ring to it. Stephen was slightly introvert, in fact he would spend his entire break and lunch times walking the circumference of the playground with his arms folded until the bell rung at which point he’d return to class. Luckily for Stephen there was another chap in our tutor group, Will Evans, who went to the same primary school as him and he suggested that we befriend him as both of Stephen’s parents were blind. At the age of twelve there’s a natural, non-judgmental compassion that is instantly applied when you find out that someone’s parents are blind. So we started silently walking around the playground with him during break times.

Stephen became our silent friend and we shared the journey through Secondary school together; albeit with the minimum of conversation. When we all hit the Sixth Form to study for our A-level exams, something remarkable happened to Stephen Acock. Completely out of the blue, he announced that he was going to change his surname. The remarkable thing about this was that he asked everyone in the Common Room to write their suggestions onto small slips of paper and to put them into a bag, one of which would then become his new surname; this coming from a boy who’d rarely spoken in the five years that I’d known him.

Later that day, we had the “name-draw”. I devilishly wrote “Bottoms” on my slip of paper and I nervously waited, hoping that I would be able to give the gift of my old name to my dear friend Stephen. There was a wonderful feeling of excitement in the Common Room as Stephen put his hand into the small bag that had been filled with perhaps fifty names; one of which would accompany him to the Citizens Advice Bureau to be entered onto the most marvelous of official documents, the Change of Name Deed.

That day, Stephen Acock put the beginning of his adult life into the hands of his peers and luckily for him he pulled out the name Maverick. Fittingly this had been the choice of Will Evans; it was the name of his favorite chocolate bar.

I lost touch with Stephen Maverick after school but if you are reading this Stephen; I want you to know that I am very proud of you for the way in which you chose to change your name. Rest assured though, you’ll always be Acock to me.

A name helps to define a person. I once read that people choose their professions and careers based on word associations linked to their names. Apparently there are many Dentists called Dennis. Seriously, I read this in a book and the evidence put forward really stacked up. In fact someone was giving a discussion on this at a lecture somewhere in America and afterwards some wise guy from the audience said that he knew a man named Dennis who wasn’t a Dentist. The lecturer asked the audience member what his friend’s occupation was, at which point the wise guy let out a big sigh and admitted that his friend Dennis was a Demolition worker.

After reading this I wanted to put the theory to the test so I thought long and hard about how I may have subconsciously chosen my career based on my name, Joby. The fact is I’ve had a varied career, a large portion of which has been spent within the business development arena of the Parking Industry. I couldn’t link J to either Parking or to Business Development so I decided to go a little further back, to the beginning of my work life. I’ve been a Milk Boy, an Assistance Carpet Fitter, a Bar Tender, a Table Waiter, a Call Centre Operator, a Window-Glazing Broker, a Tele-Marketer, a part-time Removal Man, a Recruitment Consultant, a Parking Attendant, a Bid Analyst, a New Business Surveyor, a Business Development Manager and I’m now a Director of two Investment Companies in Sri Lanka. None of these positions link even remotely to the letter J. I have looked over these roles again, trying to link Davies, but again this seems to have failed. In desperation I have even tried linking my birth name of Bottoms but this only links to Business, so I’m not sure that this is correct either.

After spending far too long on this, I suddenly hit clarity. I just needed to look a little beyond the length of my nose, which is a Roman nose and therefore requires good eyesight in order to see beyond it. The reason that I believe this name linking theory to be correct and therefore the reason that my career has been so varied, why I’ve seemingly been landed in a wide variety of positions in a mixed array of companies and why I am now working in Sri Lanka overseeing the development of two large projects, is because my name is Joby. I have JOB in my name. I have the luxury of being able to subconsciously and therefore practically link myself to any job!

And for this I have my sister Teresa, the Citizens Advice Bureau and my Change of Name Deed to thank.

Disg-racist

I didn’t realize this until I was around eleven or twelve years old but up until this point in my life I was a racist. It’s a really horrible thing to realize about oneself. Once this realization hit I started looking at the way that I behaved and felt towards people that were of a different color to me. The truth is that my behavior was absolutely appalling.

When I was in Infants school, aged about six, I took a pen-knife into school with me. I found the pen-knife the evening before, underneath my Brother Michael’s bed, so I stole it and packed it into my school rucksack ready for my plan the following day. There was a boy in the same year as me, although in a different class, whose name I shan’t provide for fear of reminding him of what a shit I was (how vain of me to think he’d even be reading my story). I’m not sure where his parent’s or their family were from originally and although he was born in Britain and therefore British, in my six year old brain I simply remember thinking of him as a “paki”. In addition to this I perceived him as my rival. I considered myself to be the toughest kid in the Infants. I’m not sure why I felt this or who had put it into my head that I was a tough-nut, but I remember feeling pretty convinced that I could absolutely deck anyone that picked a fight with me. The problem for me was that the people in this other boys class all thought that he was the toughest kid.

Occasionally, one of the kids from his class would say to me, “He can have you” (meaning he could beat me up easily). The combination of this taunt along with this boy being brown, and therefore immediately hated by me, was enough to send the six year old version of myself into a rage. On one particular day, this taunt came more than once from a few different people in his class. I remember replying to these little shit-stirrers, “Tell the paki to come and try then”. A fight between him and I did not ensue that day simply because (I realize now) that he was from a very good family who I guess must have taught him that the bigger man need only to walk away and not to get involved with horrible children (like myself at the time). I remember feeling really annoyed that the children in his class wouldn’t recognize that I was the hardest kid in the Infants so when I found the pen-knife under my Brother’s bed, I felt like I could really prove myself the next day at school.

Armed with my pen-knife, although not too sure how to get the blade out of the little off-white colored holder, I skipped (how camp) off to school ready to tell everyone just how tough I was. When it came to break-time, I went up to the children in the playground who had been taunting me the previous day and told them, “If he wants a fight, tell him to come and I’ll stab him.” Then I very proudly produced my pen-knife, with the blade still stuck in the off-white colored holder, and showed it to the taunting kids. I distinctly remember one of them looking at the pen-knife holder with a very blank expression and saying, “What’s that?” to which I replied, “It’s a knife stupid, how else can I stab him?” this was rapidly followed by, “Ohhhhh, I’m telling”, at which point he ran away to get the teacher. Then the bell rang signaling the end of break-time.

Within ten minutes, Mrs. Campbell, the Head Mistress, had come into my class and had whisked me off to her office so that I could explain to her the reason that I had brought a pen-knife to school. Naturally the knife was confiscated and I remember really panicking because how was I going to explain to my Brother Michael that I’d stolen his pen-knife? This, I hasten to add, is a lot of pressure for a six year old to be under. My Father and Mother were called to ensure that they were both available to pick me up from school at the end of the day as Mrs. Campbell wanted to have a meeting with them. When my parents came to collect me from school that afternoon I remember thinking, “Who is at home looking after my other brothers and sisters?” When my parents arrived, I couldn’t lift my eyes from the floor and I really wanted to cry but I held it together and explained that people were picking on me and that I needed the pen-knife in case anyone started a fight with me. My Father told me off, Mrs. Campbell gave the pen-knife to him, my Mum remained silent and then I was taken home. Now that I reflect on this episode I wonder what Mrs. Campbell must have thought about my parents. Is it normal for a six year old to be aware that a knife can be used as a form of protection, as in the case of my well rehearsed answer as to why I took the pen-knife into school? I was never allowed to stay up beyond 8pm on a school night at this age so it certainly wasn’t television that influenced me, unless of course during an episode of “Rainbow”, George had become annoyed with Zippy for stealing too much of the bed sheet and had proceeded to stab him! 

Sadly the pen-knife episode ended there. I wasn’t corrected properly for my behavior and it never really came to light that it was a brown skinned boy that I had the problem with due to his being a different color to me. I must have been aware at that age not to admit to my Father that I had intended on having a fight with this boy, but I was too young for the realization that I was a racist to take a hold of me at this point; I was simply aware not to use the word “paki” in front of my Father. This is the irony of the whole episode.

My Father was a racist. In fact he was so racist that if a dark skinned person was on the television, he would switch channels. Well, he would switch channels most of the time. If he were watching the Athletics or the Olympics and Linford Christie, a black British runner, or Daley Thompson, a black British athlete were competing, he would rise from his worn-out, sunken armchair and stand directly in front of the television set (on lease from Radio Rentals), he would bend forward so that his nose almost touched the screen and he would then rather aggressively raise his fist into the air while yelling, “go on you black bastard”. This was his contribution to the cheering that was already taking place inside the stadium. I think that he honestly felt that his shouting at the television screen would assist the competitor to win.

If we were walking into the town and a black or an Asian person were to pass us in the street, he would wait until they were just out of earshot and say something awful like, “bloody niggers” or “bloody pakis”. I mean, why wait until the person is out of earshot? Is this the meaning of passive-aggressive?

On one occasion, we went to visit Iceland, a new store that had opened in the town that provided the most scrumptious of food offerings; all frozen and packed in boxes that could be cooked in a few minutes in the Microwave. We had a Microwave. Opposite Iceland was Marks & Spencer’s but we only went there to do the old lady’s shopping from over the road as she couldn’t get out of the house herself. Iceland was more fun than Marks & Spencer’s as the aisles consisted of rows of large freezers that you could open and run your hands along in order to scoop the ice out, which I was then able to make into a small ball and throw at my Brother Nathaniel. 

In Iceland, the Security Guard was black. As we walked through the automatic sliding doors I remember staring at him; he was the darkest of dark and I was completely mesmerized by him. When my Father asked me what I was staring at, I promptly replied, “that chocolate drop” which was met by a swift whack across the back of my head that really hurt. My Father’s hands were huge and always decorated in the most marvelous of sovereign and other sparkly rings. At this point I began to realize that something wasn’t quite right. Why was my Father able to use these terms but when I used them I was scolded? “Do as I say, not as I do”, comes to mind.

Not long after and while in the safe confines of the home, I asked my Father why he didn’t like black people. He told me that they came to Britain and stole all of the jobs. I questioned my Father, “Is that why you don’t have a job?” to which his reply was, “I’m retired”. The truth is that my Father was living off the Welfare State, which meant so was I, along with my Mum and all of my brothers and sisters. I remember thinking that I would have quite liked to have had the black Security Guard from Iceland as my Dad as I bet his children had a computer and computer games, he worked for a living.

In junior school there was a boy called Sabir Saeed. He lived in the same street as us and his Mother wore a Sari in all weathers. I used to watch her, out of the front bedroom window, walking along the road during the frosty winter months and I used to think to myself how cold she must have been. Sabir was in the same class as me when I was in the last year of junior school. My teacher, Mrs. Lee, a Jewish lady who my Father thought was marvelous, made me sit next to Sabir during lessons. I remember saying to Mrs. Lee in front of Sabir, “I’m not sitting next to him. He stinks”. This was in reference to the fact that he smelled slightly spicy from the food that he ate. Heaven knows what I smelled like, a mixture of pipe tobacco smoke, over-salted cheap food from Iceland and that horrible damp smell that sticks to your clothes when you live in an old house that hasn’t been cared for properly. And Sabir never complained about having to sit next to me. I wouldn’t have wanted to have sat next to me. Instead Sabir averted his eyes and with no malice he simply replied, “That’s ok, I’ll sit on the other side of the table”. Recording this memory makes me feel ashamed by my behavior and I often think about Sabir and how he must have felt. I bet he’s a really successful guy now with lots of people around him that absolutely adore him; at least I hope that’s the case. Even at the age of ten, Sabir demonstrated a level of maturity that allowed him to move away from me without even the slightest need to retaliate. Either that or he was quite simply grateful to be given the option of moving away from me, because I stank.

After my Father died I had the opportunity to form my own opinions. I met Sabir again at Secondary school, I said hello to him and that I hoped he was getting on ok at as he was in the year below me. He said everything was fine and he thanked me. This only made me feel worse as I really didn’t deserve thanking.

Unfortunately there wasn’t a particularly eclectic mix of people for me to get to know at school; the demographic was majority Caucasian. However, the toughest kid in my year was a guy called Stuart Broomfield and he was black and very tall. I didn’t contest his position at school; I wouldn’t have stood a chance. And anyway there was no need to, he was starting out at Secondary school in exactly the same way that I was. In essence, we were the same.

I went on the school trip to East Mersea. It was a week-long camping trip and I was thrilled to be going, trips were scarce for me due to a lack of funds at home so this was a real treat (I think we may have received a subsidy from the school funds to be perfectly honest). Another school was sharing the camp-ground at the time, and on one particular evening, Stuart Broomfield came back to his tent and was absolutely fuming. Someone from the other school had shouted out the word nigger to him. I offered my assistance to him on the proviso that I could borrow his trainers as mine were covered in mud from the orienteering exercise that we had all undertaken that afternoon. He had the same size feet as me; big!

We gathered a small gang together and took a baseball bat from the sports equipment cupboard and went marching over to the other school’s camping pitch. We very kindly offered to kick the living daylights out of the boy that shouted at Stuart and to any of this kid’s friends that were of the opinion that Stuart’s color was a problem. Luckily (for them), the fight was prevented by the teachers and the racist kid was made to apologize. That was the first opportunity in my life where I was able to stick two fingers up to my dead Father for his terrible view of people that were different to him, and for training me in the same mindset.

When I turned sixteen, after I had finished my exams, I went to Jamaica with my friend Saddik Murray. We did Karate together and his Mum said I should save my money and go with him to meet all of the family out there. I had reached a really good place in my friendship with Saddik where I was privileged enough to make jokes about his color. Strangely this meant that I was one of the gang, we were equals because I was one of the only white guys that could engage in banter about race and skin tone. I used to say to him, when out in the town at night time, that age old classic, “Smile, shed some light on the situation”. In fact I teased him from time to time for at least three months leading up to our trip to Jamaica. At no point did Saddik retaliate; he just never saw the need to.

In the summer of 1997, I boarded an airplane for the very first time. I was sixteen years old and I was accompanied only by my sixteen year old friend, Saddik. I was excited and nervous at the same time. I had read in the newspapers about the crime levels in Jamaica and it had unnerved me. Gun fights, drug smuggling, bank robberies and street mugging were not something I had even considered until reading about this a week before I was due to fly. Since then I have made a point of not reading a newspaper for at least a fortnight before flying anywhere because it’s sod’s law that you’ll read something horrible about your forthcoming holiday or business destination.

So nine and a half hours after boarding the plane, Saddik and I landed in Jamaica at the airport just outside of Kingston. When the airplane door opened I expected to walk through a tunnel to get to the arrivals section, in a similar fashion to the boarding arrangement at London Heathrow. To my surprise, it was simply a flight of steps that led us down from the plane directly onto the runway. Now it’s important that I reiterate that I had been teasing (in a friendly manner) Saddik about his color for three months leading up to this point. So there I was, after my first ever flight, after reading about the crime rates in Jamaica, standing at the top of the airplane steps, in the middle of the dark night and staring back at me was a sea of black faces. I suddenly realized that I was in the minority and I felt completely overwhelmed by the whole experience. At precisely this moment, Saddik turned to me with a huge grin on his face and proudly announced, “Look who’s shining now!” He had clearly been saving this one up and I guess that this is the meaning of the phrase, “payback”.

So this is what the boy I took a penknife into school for must have felt, this is what Sabir must have felt, this is what Stuart Broomfield must have felt when that ignorant, racist youth shouted that horrible word to him at East Mersea; the feeling of being in the minority. Although Saddik was jesting with me in a way that only he was allowed, and perhaps without even realizing it, he taught me one of the most valuable lessons that I’ve ever had the pleasure of learning. That night, I truly learnt the lesson of acceptance and comradeship.

I am writing this while living and working in Sri Lanka. There have been a small group of Sri Lankan guys happily playing Carom in the background during the entire time that I have been writing. I am surrounded by brown people, all speaking a different language to me and they accept me as the ethnic white guy in the group. I even eat rice and curry for breakfast. I am thankfully one of the gang, despite my color. And, thanks to the food I eat, I now smell wonderfully spicy.

Mum

Mum is morbid. Don’t get me wrong, she knows how to have a good time and is great to have a laugh with; she knows how to take a joke. But she is morbid. She wears a black veil most of the time. I think the neighbor’s cat died and she never quite got over it.

My Mother was born on 10th December 1949. Her name is Mary-Ann, I don’t know what her birth surname is and it’d be too difficult to decipher from her Birth Certificate as its very old and crumpled but her surname now is Sharpe because she married Aubrey John Sharpe in 2007. He was my Step-Father and it pains me to have to write that in the past tense. He died in 2010 and it was the most horrible experience of loss that I’ve had to date. Something that John left behind for us, who I will always treasure and who helps to preserve the memory of him, is his daughter Cara. He gave me a little sister and for this I will always be thankful.

So, John was in hospital about to undergo major surgery to remove a tumor a few years back and on the day of his operation, Mum suddenly developed a bad knee. I had to shift all of my focus onto Mum to make sure that she wasn’t suffering, while she hobbled around Spitalfields Market in London looking at vintage video cassettes of gay porn. She’s a bit odd like that. She’ll always find some humor in a willy or a fart. But the truth is; that’s what I love most about her.

When John had to have a camera put down his throat to diagnose his problem, Mum was heard saying by a relative that she once had a whole film crew rammed down hers. She’s not an unsympathetic person, in fact quite the opposite; she loves a drama and will therefore throw huge amounts of sympathy on to a person in order to amplify everything and make it all the more morbid.

We had a BBQ fairly soon after John had died and Mum announced that she had another funeral to attend. I asked her whose funeral it was and why on earth would she want to attend another one so soon after John’s. She said it was a very close friend’s Mum’s funeral. I asked her what her friend’s name was. She told me it was Jean. I asked her what Jean’s Mum’s name was. She didn’t know. I asked her why she was going to a person’s funeral whose name she didn’t even know. She told me that Jean needed the support. I asked her if Jean’s husband was going. He was. She worked with Jean in a school once so it was really important that she support Jean through this difficult time. I told her that I understood and it was perfectly reasonable that she should go to the funeral of a person whose name she didn’t know in support of a friend who she worked with once, a long time ago. That’s my Mum, always willing to lend a hand to a friend in order to provide a tissue into which the friend can silently weep.

Mum reads the Obituaries. No, worse than that, it’s the first page that she turns to when she picks up the local newspaper. She likes to see if there’s anyone in there that she knows. If she’s lucky enough to find a dead friend, she’ll contact the relatives and arrange to attend the funeral. Most of the time, the dead friend’s relatives don’t even know who she is but they’re usually very happy to see her at the funeral service because her loud crying makes up for the lack of everyone else’s sobs. Only unpopular people advertise their funeral’s in the newspaper so Mum helps to make up the numbers. She’s good like that.

When Mum was struggling for money, I came up with a plan to help her to put a business together. “Mary’s Rent-A-Mourner” was going to be the name of the Company. My friend’s and I devised a price list menu. It went something like this:

Funeral attendance (FA) only: 50.00 Pounds
FA with silent weeping: 75.00 Pounds
FA wearing black veil with gentle sobs: 100.00 Pounds
FA with black veil, Victorian Mourning Gown (VMG) and loud cries: 175.00 Pounds
FA with black veil, VMG, entrance on black horse, loud cries: 275.00 Pounds
FA with black veil, VMG, entrance on black horse and throwing herself on top of coffin in a completely hysterical manner: 400.00 Pounds

Mum was really keen on the idea. She particularly liked the scaled approach in the pricing structure. The thing is she was so busy with her personal funeral schedule that she just couldn’t find the time, so the Company never took off. Still, we’re keeping it on the back-burner for when her hectic schedule dies down.

My Mum is well known throughout my hometown of Southend-on-Sea. We can’t go anywhere without her bumping into someone and stopping for a quick conversation. Shopping takes forever. Whenever I ask her who the person was that she was talking to for half an hour it usually turns out that she’s met them at a funeral. Most of my friend’s know my Mum and her quirky funeral-attending habit. In fact they call me to let me know when someone in their family has passed away so that I can let my Mum know the date of the funeral. I think she’s even been to a few of them. I’ve never really worked out where this morbid trait of my Mother’s comes from and so I’ve given up trying to understand, now I simply going along with it. Actually, I actively encourage it.

To understand a person more explicitly, one has to inevitably delve into the past of that particular person. I wanted to know more about my Mother’s need to have eight children. While looking into her past I was lucky enough to stumble across a theory about what I refer to as her “Strategic Breeding Programme”.

Mum is the eldest of eight children and was expected to assist in raising her younger siblings. I think her Mum, (my Nan) had something like eight children by ten different men; God rest her soul. Nan died on the same day as Osama Bin Laden in fact. I hope for his sake that their paths didn’t cross on his way down because she definitely would have had a few harsh words to deliver to him. Strangely Mum may not be able to attend Nan’s funeral as she’s going to Tunisia for a holiday.

Anyway, in a similar fashion to her Mum, my Mum gave birth to her children in blocks. She started off with Teresa, Peter and John; they form Block 1. Then there was a little gap before Donna and Michael; they form Block 2. After another little respite came myself, Nathaniel and finally William; we form Block 3. Blocks 1 and 2 were old enough to assist in raising Block 3 due to the age gap. We call this period of time “The Brown Nightie Years”. This was when Mum unofficially retired from raising children. Most of her time was spent lying in bed in the “Middle Room” downstairs with a bad back, wearing her rather unflattering brown nightdress, eating sugar and banana sandwiches. My goodness, what a lush she was. Food would be delivered to her and all household chores would be completed by the children in Blocks 1 and 2. Block 3 children, I’m afraid to say, got off lightly as we were too young to assist in a productive capacity.

Unluckily for my Mum her Breeding Strategy wasn’t without its hitches. The age gap between the Blocks of children were a little too big which inevitably meant that Blocks 1 and 2 left home before Block 3 had reached an age where they could look after themselves. This was the time when Mum was forced out of retirement. She didn’t mind though, her back was better by then and bananas had become too expensive.

With only three children in tow, my Mum was kindly requested by Southend-on-Sea Borough Council to move into a smaller house, one that didn’t have the same damp problems, which meant our clothes smelled nice. And this is when Mum met John and learnt all about horses, riding not gambling. This proved incredibly useful to my Mother as this later enabled her to offer a “Funeral Attendance, entrance on black horse.”

Mum has chilled out somewhat over the years. She’s quite happy sitting by the front room window patiently waiting for a hearse to drive pass so that she can quickly throw on her funeral clobber and join the procession. This is in conjunction with occasional trips to Mecca. Mecca is a bingo hall. Mum loves a game of bingo and I have to admit that I have accompanied her a few times. I too love a bit of bingo.

As I’ve grown older I’ve often taken a look at myself and wondered what personality traits of my parents I may have inherited. Everyone does it. Most of the time people try not to be like their parents. My Father, for all of his faults, was a very good writer and speaker. I like to think that I have inherited this gene, along with the “big nose gene” which is something that I can’t do a lot about unfortunately. When it comes to my Mother I’ve had to really think hard about what part of her is instilled in me. I like a little light gossip and an occasional game of bingo, as does my Mum. Other than this, I’d struggled to ascertain what it is about her that’s similar to me, until a few months ago that is. I picked up the free local newspaper. I tend not to read the local newspapers but on this occasion I didn’t have a book, so I took it to the toilet with me for a light read. And the first page I turned to? The Obituaries.

I live abroad now but I make sure that I phone my Mum regularly for a catch-up, you know the type of call, “Hi Mum, been a little while, how’s things? Been up to much?” you get the gist. Mum has a peculiar habit when she answers the telephone; she starts off in a really upbeat tone. As soon as she knows it’s one of her children calling though, the tone drops, it becomes very grave and serious and before you can get the “been up to much?” bit in, she announces something along these lines; “Oh Joby, you never guess what’s happened?” there is no need to answer at this point, a pause is simply enough for my Mum to continue, “well, Margery at number 65 has had a fall and she landed funny, I mean she’s alright and everything, apart from some bruising to her ankle, but she fell on top of her cat. The cat died Joby. How awful? She’s had that cat for nineteen years; it was like a child to her. We’re going to have a service for her in the garden. Margery’s been kind enough to invite me. I’m going to take some sausage rolls along for the Wake!”

A Rich Family

There’s an old phrase which I’m sure you must have heard, “You can choose your friends, but you can’t choose your family.” It’s perfectly true of course and it’s often quoted by people who are pissed off with one or a number of their family members. There are times when I have been annoyed with one of my siblings or embarrassed by a cousin or an uncle or aunt. But as a general rule of thumb, I can honestly say, from the bottom of my heart, that I have a deep affection for the majority of my family.

I suppose what I mean to say is that I have a level of affection for all of my family. However, a deep level of affection is specifically retained for those that are closest to me; my Mother, my siblings and their offspring. Now I don’t have anything against my lesser relatives such as my cousins or aunties or uncles. It’s just that there are so many of them that I have actually lost count. On top of that, my cousins have also had children of their own, which means I have an entire naval fleet of second-cousins. And because of the era that we’re in, I have uncles and aunties who have divorced and remarried, sometimes more than once. I’ve never actually been able to work out whether I should include the first (or indeed subsequent) husband or wife of the blood aunty or uncle to remain in the final tally. It all gets terribly confusing and because of this confusion and the fact that you could create a football league of teams from the amount of aunties, uncles, cousins and second-cousins that I have in my family, I feel a certain sense of detachment. Anyway, I think a person tends to feel closer to their siblings than to other family members (with the exception of their parents, if the parents have been good to them) as you all have shared experiences of support, encouragement, fights and arguments. All of which can be verbally shared again later to create a sense of nostalgia and humor around the dinner table.

I consider myself to be lucky. Having five brothers and two sisters meant that there was always a crowd, and a ready-made audience, should any one of us feel lonely, or the need to perform. Having them around was a life-saver as my Father was so strict that we weren’t allowed out of the house as regularly as other children. My siblings and I needed each other to create our own amusements indoors.

I remember both of my sisters, Teresa and Donna, teaching me to read and opening the world of Roald Dahl and Enid Blyton to me. I remember Michael always building the best Lego towns and coming home from the Pet Shop to add yet another animal to the collection. I remember John moon-walking along the hallway and playing his guitar. I remember Peter coming home from work in his uniform and then living next door to us once he’d met his fiancé. I remember playing Batman and Robin with Nathaniel and running around the house and just laughing and laughing (only when Dad was in the pub as we weren’t allowed to make too much noise when he was home). I remember William being born and having some birthing complications, which meant whenever he ate or drank anything it would escape through the tiny hole in the roof of his mouth and come pouring out of his nose. I also remember pushing William around in his little car which had “Sweet William” written on some old card and stuck to the front like a vehicle registration plate.

There were three other children that regularly came to our house, which I now realize was Dad’s tactic for keeping us inside; invite other people in but don’t let your own ones out. They were the three “M’s”; Melanie, Mickaila and Martine. They are Big Sue and Lyn’s children. We had these terrible 1970s plastic orange sitting stools with circular white tops (probably considered retro now) that we used to arrange so that we could play Blind Date. Nathaniel always chose Mickaila and when it swapped so that the girl had to choose a boy, you guessed it, Mickaila always chose Nathaniel. This made the end result of the game totally predictable but we never seemed to tire of it.

I usually played the part of Cilla Black in this game. Before the game started we used to sing the opening song, as if we were actually being filmed. The song went like this, “Surprise, surprise, chicken pies in your eyes”. We didn’t know the other words to the opening song of the other Cilla Black show Surprise, Surprise so we made up our own. I understand that this was the wrong song to perform at the beginning of a game based on Blind Date but there was an intellectual connection that I made, aged nine, as the same lady hosted both shows and the Blind Date opening tune didn’t have words to sing anyway. What else was I to do, I had to host the show; a very responsible position to have to undertake at such a young age. And of course I didn’t want to disappoint the audience.

Times were happy because we made them happy. My siblings and I and the members of our extended family, such as the three “M’s”, ensured that in the middle of a crumbling, damp-smelling, old Victorian Council house, that was ruled by the iron-fist of a grumpy, alcoholic, gambling-addicted old Victorian man, that we had fun.

Now as I mentioned in my Prologue, I tend to be a bit of a romanticist so please don’t be fooled into thinking that everything was rosy because us children knew how to have fun when the Old Git wasn’t there. Times were tough. As soon as my older siblings received their National Insurance Card numbers, they were sent out to work so that they could contribute to the running costs of the house. Even if they were studying beyond their O-Levels, they were expected to get part-time jobs and then give the bulk of the cash that they’d worked hard for to Dad. They weren’t thanked for it either; it was quite simply an expectation and one that was non-negotiable.

So this money was collected by my Father to contribute to the “running costs of the house”. Ten Pounds of this was given to the local shop lifter who would then deliver a plastic bag full of various meats, enough to last us for the week. Some Condor pipe tobacco was purchased, some was set aside as a drinking allowance, some was then spent in the Bookies in an attempt to make back what had been overspent on the drinking allowance and the rest was used to keep us children clothed, fed and watered.

It wasn’t all bad, we did have treats too. Occasional ice-creams from the Rossi Ice Cream stand on Southend seafront, big bags of Walkers crisps in the pub garden while we were waiting for Dad to finish his drink inside, an odd trip to Peter Pans (which is now called Adventure Island) where Dad would be given a reel of free tickets so that we could go on some of the rides. Countless summer school vacation days were spent in Southchurch Park or sitting on the beach with a picnic. There were even a few times when we accompanied Dad fishing. We would wake up really early to go bait-digging and then use the big worms that we had dug as food for the fish that we would catch from Southend Pier later in the day. These treats may not seem like much to the modern day child who isn’t satisfied unless they have the latest I-Phone, continuous access to Facebook and an endless supply of pocket money to spend on frivolous purchases. But to me, the treats and adventures that we did have, although not high in financial value, were simply the best; made all the more special because I experienced them with my brothers and sisters.

One particularly luxurious expedition that I recall was during the summer holidays of my tenth year. I was picked up, along with my younger brother Nathaniel and a few other children in a big taxi with balloons taped to the side, taken to watch the movie Beethoven which was about a big dog, and then whisked off to the American Burger Bar in Southend High Street to feast on burgers, chips and soft drinks. I remember it being a fantastic day out with virtually every seat in the cinema occupied by a laughing child in a similar age group to myself.

In my early twenties; I remember reading an article in the local newspaper, The Echo. A huge number of London taxi drivers were rallying together to arrange a charity event which would take them on a long drive with their vehicles filled with balloons; their end point being Adventure Island, with a stop off at McDonald’s on the way. The purpose of this was to take as many underprivileged children as possible from the town for a free day out. I cried when I read this. Nobody had told me that I was one of those children when I was a ten year old and although I knew we didn’t have a lot of money growing up, I never really considered myself to be underprivileged.

The word “underprivileged” is a synonym for the word “poor”. Yes, financially we were poor, so much so that I knew in adulthood I would never let myself fall into that category. On the other hand, with thanks to the close and extended members of my family (and to Roald Dahl and Enid Blyton for providing the escape into fantasy) the fun and laughter that we shared meant I was the richest kid in the world, certainly not underprivileged by any means.

Living in Jamaica

People tend to laugh mockingly at me when I tell them that I “lived” in Jamaica. But I do not falter, I have remained adamant from the moment that I got back to the UK, five weeks after my departure, that I lived there. I did live there, with a family, doing the daily Jamaican family things such as cooking, cleaning, fruit picking and laughing. There’s a lot of laughter in a Jamaican home.

When I turned the wondrously mature age of fifteen I announced to the immediate members of my family that I would be going to stay in Jamaica for a period of time during the school summer holidays, after my GCSE exams had finished the following year. I recall that this was met with a little ripple of laughter and the reply, “yeah right, we’ll see it when it happens”. What a wonderful response I thought and how encouraging. Of course, this only made me more determined to prove everyone wrong. After skulking off to my bedroom for a short while to reflect on it, I decided that perhaps my family members weren’t too far off the mark with their response. After all, aside from the fact I’d never even been on an airplane before, how was I going to pay for such a massive trip?

I had a job as a Milk-Boy when I was thirteen. This part-time job did me financial justice right up until I was into my seventeenth year. Every Saturday morning I would wake up at 4:30am and quickly get ready to meet Reg the Milkman to start work at 5:00am. I absolutely loved this job and I only ever took 2 days off sick during the entire length of my tenure with the most renowned of British establishments; Dairy Crest. One of the days that I took off sick was on a Boxing Day, the day after Christmas. I had stuffed myself stupid with a pile of roast turkey, roast potatoes, vegetables, Yorkshire puddings, sweets, chocolates, crisps, crackers, cheese and all the other festive yummies that one is allowed to selfishly indulge in over the Christmas period. When I waddled my way out of the front door at 4:45am on this particular Boxing Day, I took one step into the front garden and promptly threw up all over the grass. This was followed shortly afterwards with a rumbling in my stomach which resulted in the production of a very large wet fart, thus leaving me in an incredibly uncomfortable position; a stream of sick running down the front of my green uniform and very baggy, smelly underwear. This was in the days before mobile phones were popular and I had to somehow let Reg know that I wouldn’t be able to work on this, one of the busiest empty bottles collecting days of the year. I ran back into the house and tidied myself as best as possible before dashing down the road to catch the milk float and to inform Reg that I had just shit myself. Needless to say he told me that he was happy enough for me to take the day off. He would manage he said.

So my Saturday shift on the milk-round would begin at 5:00am and I would usually be back home by around 12:30pm. I had a half-hour tea break in the local newsagents, Toby’s, at around 7:00am. As there wasn’t a café nearby; they were kind enough to let us use their kettle providing we supplied our own tea, milk and sugar. It was a nice arrangement and served as a little respite before having to run around the estate again to collect the empty bottles.

For my seven hours of hard graft, I was paid the princely sum of ten Great British Pounds. I would regularly receive between two and three Pounds in tips during the money-collecting part of the milk-round which was a welcome boost to my meager wage. During school holidays, Reg was kind enough to offer me extra mornings. I know he only did this out of the kindness of his heart because he didn’t really need the extra help other than on a Monday when there were two days of empty bottles to collect; he didn’t do deliveries on a Sunday.

With this steadfast job of mine and using my not yet fully developed fifteen year old brain I had calculated and concluded that the idea of going to Jamaica would absolutely become a reality if I could get Reg to agree to take me on for one extra morning per week. One Saturday, during our tea break in Toby’s, I plucked up the courage to ask for an extra shift. I explained to him that I would be going to Jamaica after my GCSE exams, I needed to start my savings plan and that ten Pounds per week simply wasn’t enough to get me there, let alone provide me with any spending money. Reg laughed at me. Not mockingly, he simply laughed at me. He patted me on the back and said, “Good for you”. He granted me an extra shift on Monday mornings, to begin work at 5:30am and to finish at 7:30am, which gave me enough time to shower and change into my school uniform ready for the day at school. And for these two hours of work, I received one crisp blue five Pound note. I had hit the jackpot. And so began my Jamaican Holiday Savings Plan.

I saved fifteen Pounds every week without fail for an entire year. When my friends were going out on Friday nights, I was at home ready for an early bedtime so that I could get up on Saturday morning for work. On Saturdays, after I had finished my shift, had two hours sleep and then showered and changed, I would jump on my bicycle to go to a friend’s house or to the park. While my friend’s were spending their pocket money on fish ‘n’ chips at lunch time or buying sweets and drinks from the shop, I very gladly tucked into my packed lunch, happy in the knowledge that I was one more processed-ham sandwich closer to going to Jamaica.

During school holidays, in addition to a couple of extra shifts on the milk-round with Reg, my neighbor assisted me in boosting my savings plan by allowing me to help him either lay carpets or to deliver three-piece suites. His name was Paul and he was the local entrepreneur as he had two businesses. Every time I worked with Paul, I was paid thirty Pounds. This was far more than I ever earned on the milk-round and went a long way in seriously increasing my savings but, I am pleased to add, that it didn’t make me enjoy my job with Reg any less.

The time came around soon enough and by the end of my exams I had managed to pay my air fare, which was just slightly over 480 Pounds, including taxes. I had two-hundred Pounds in spending money and my brother Peter, having now witnessed how dedicated I was to working hard in order to fulfill my plans, gave me a three-hundred Pound loan so that I didn’t run short while I was in Jamaica. It’s worth noting that Peter, who is considerably older than me, had worked with Reg when he was fourteen. So in fact, Reg was a long-time serving benefactor to my family. My siblings would joke occasionally about Reg and try to say that one of us was his son or daughter. Mum was always a bit flirty with him you see. Truth is he went to Greece twice a year so he would have been a marvelous parent to have and I even secretly wished he was sometimes.

My friend Saddik and I boarded the Air Jamaica flight at London Heathrow airport soon after our GCSE exams had finished; we were off to visit his family. I was the most excited I had ever been up to that particular point in my life. The flight was amazing, food and drinks were free flowing and the Air Stewardesses even did a fashion show along the aisles, wearing the brightest of traditional Jamaican clothes and all excellently maneuvering along the narrow corridors to a professional commentary over the tannoy system. I have flown quite a few times since this, my first flight, and to date I haven’t experienced such a raucous applause as the one that clapped so thunderously along the length of the plane when the Jamaican people landed on home soil. This served to make me all the more excited about what lie ahead for me in the Land of Reggae.

One of the first things to impact on me when I landed at Kingston airport was how wonderfully aromatic the air was. It was a mixture of that delicious BBQ smokiness that hangs in the air after cooking pork on a summer’s evening, combined with the spicy hot twang that penetrates the nostrils when one has been frying chili peppers. I soon learnt that the smell that first hit me in Jamaica was generated by the outdoor traditional Jamaican cooking of Jerk Pork and Jerk Chicken. This wonderful BBQ’d meat is cooked in huge oil drums which have been cut in half lengthways and then rejoined by large hinges. The bottom half of the drum is then welded onto a set of four legs and a large grate is placed inside. A big handle is welded onto the top drum, enabling the chef to close the lid on the rack of nearly cooked sticky, sizzling, spicy, BBQ’d pork or chicken, thus creating that delectable smoky flavor. These home-made BBQs are in abundance along the roadsides in Jamaica and it’s virtually impossible to drive past them without soon succumbing to the enticing fragrance that forces you to pull the vehicle over to the side of the road and purchase a rather large portion to feast upon. It’s especially medicinal when one is on the way home from a bar or club, after drinking stupidly intoxicating amounts of J. Wray & Nephew white rum or Appleton. A year’s sacrifice of fish ‘n’ chips, sweets and cold drinks from the shop on a Saturday afternoon had begun to pay itself off.

Saddik’s relatives were divided among a few areas surrounding Kingston, two of his aunties and their families lived in Kingston, one branch of his family lived in Spanish Town and his Grandparents home (the main family home and chicken farm) was in Bushy Park. Although I was a resident of Jamaica at this time, having the family spread out like this, enabled me to travel around and take in the sights in order to give me the same experience as a tourist. Cousin Arron was our designated driver and we would take off in his faded red Datsun which had a hole in the floor, meaning we could see the road rushing passed us directly underneath our feet. Arron’s Datsun doubled up as a taxi so when he wasn’t ferrying us around, he was earning his crust from getting people to actually pay to travel in his clapped out old car. Now that’s a businessman. I’ve been in Business Development for a number of years and I’ve struggled to sell services to people that have called me to ask for them in the first place. Arron on the other hand, made a living by selling his passenger space in a vehicle that was quietly honestly only fit for the scrap yard.

I guess Arron must have learnt this from his Grandparents. Saddik’s Grandmother and Grandfather were originally from India and travelled to Jamaica in the 1960s. His Grandfather had a small boat and caught fish in the sea which he then sold on the roadside. After a time, he managed to save enough money to purchase a small piece of land which he grew some vegetables on. This enabled him to put together a small stall from which to sell his fish and vegetables. By the time I had arrived in 1997, the land was in the tens of acres and comprised a large chicken farm, fruit and vegetable crops and a large family home which he built himself. I’m not sure what he sacrificed in order to achieve this but it sure beats the hell out of my having to put up with processed-ham sandwiches for a year.

My first experience of a nightclub was in Kingston; a huge club called Mirage. Saddik’s uncles had done all of the welding works inside the club and were treated like royalty when we went there. At the entrance to Mirage, there was a huge wall of lockers. Standing by them was the biggest, scariest woman I had ever met in my life. She was in charge of frisking everyone before they entered the club. Anyone carrying a gun had to hand it over to the security woman for her to place inside one of the lockers before they entered; they were then able to retrieve them on the way out. I had never even seen a real gun before and it seemed that virtually everyone had one. Saddik’s uncles were allowed to take their guns inside. This offered me an element of comfort.

When I got inside the Club it quite simply blew me away. It was packed full of people dancing, drinking, dancing and drinking some more. There was a sea of dreadlocks waving around the place, all in rhythm to the blend of Soca and Dancehall music that was playing through very large speakers inside. I have been to nightclubs many times since and the atmosphere I experienced in Mirage has never been rivaled. I found that Jamaican people seemed to have a natural rhythm, not just in dancing, but in their general movement. I enjoyed simply watching people walking in the street in Kingston, there’s a flow that, despite countless attempts, I have never been able to imitate. The night at Mirage ended too soon for me but I was taken to another, much smaller club, called Gemini immediately afterwards. I do not want to commit to paper the full details of my experiences here but let’s just say that I saw a whole heap of rhythm in this place which was a huge eye-opener to a sixteen year old boy. One piece of advice I will offer though is that, if you are ever sitting in a bar quietly drinking a rum, minding your own business and a large white, thigh-length lycra stiletto boot goes whizzing past your head, immediately followed by a very large bosom planted at the end of your nose, always, always leave a tip. I didn’t (as I was just a young boy on a tight budget) and this resulted in having my hair pulled. Enough said.

One afternoon, I found myself in the back yard, trying my best to peel ackee. This is a not unlike tomatoes, not in taste, texture or fragrance even, but in that I don’t know whether it’s a fruit or a vegetable. Either way though, it’s cooked with saltfish, onions and tomatoes and is consumed for breakfast; I absolutely love it despite it being a bloody nightmare to peel. I tried to help out as much as possible in the homes as I wanted to soak everything up during my time there. You never know if you’ll be fortunate enough to experience something twice so it’s best to make the most of every opportunity. On one food preparing day, I was asked to peel and de-head some prawns. Of course, I obliged, not knowing how humungous the prawns would be. I had peeled and prepared prawns before but this was like tearing the head off and the stomach out of an average sized squirrel. A little horrifying at first, but it was worth the mess, as these beauties were being used in the mixed fried rice which would be accompanying us to the orange plantation, where we were going to spend some time in the river. This was one occasion, where I simply stared at the sky, from the cool river water, mouth full of juicy prawns and rice, and thought to myself, “check me out, a teenage boy from a Council Estate in Southend, chilling out in the middle of an orange plantation, with a bunch of really cool people in Jamaica, being privileged enough to live the life they live”. I had many moments like this over the course of the five weeks of my residency there; moments where I felt like the luckiest kid in the world.

There are many wonderful experiences that I had in Jamaica, including a trip to a race-course in Spanish Town where two graying Rastafarian guys were quietly smoking a huge marijuana joint behind me, both humming to the tune of the wind and quietly cheering when their horse came in. Swimming in the warm Jamaican sea, with freshly caught fish being cooked on open fires on the beach nearby is something that everyone should experience. Another regular, and often the most fun, was driving at break-neck speeds in the clapped out old Datsun, trying to catch my breath while the warm evening air slapped my face, with coconut trees rushing past on either side of the road. Feasting on a huge array of the most deliciously seasoned meats, stewed and curried vegetables, hot and twangy sauces, flat roti breads and beef patties, food that tore apart the very virginity of my tongue, all of which I owe a big thank you Saddik’s family and to Jamaica for. These mouthwatering experiences have held me in good stead when being given the opportunity to taste cuisines from other parts of the world.

Jamaica has a national quote, which is printed on their One Dollar note, “Out of Many, One People”. It’s the most sincere quote that I have experienced in reality. In Jamaica, where the nationals are a vibrant mix of every creed and color, I was truly accepted as one of the people, which is why I maintain to this day, that I was lucky enough to have “lived” there.

No Absolutes

I used to be a rock singer you know. For four and half years of my life I was the lead singer of a cheese-rock band called No Absolutes. You must have heard of them? If you haven’t, it’s of no surprise to me; this was in the days before YouTube so it was more difficult to reach a larger audience.

My school friends Ian, Paul and Will started a band. Ian was on guitar, Paul played bass and sang and William rocked on the drums. They somehow cobbled together a couple of tunes and hammered them out at a school concert once, they were actually quite good. They began writing more songs and held regular practice sessions at Maple Studios where for a small fee, a smelly old room equipped with a PA system, microphones and the like could be hired for the entire evening. One of the rooms even had an old sofa in it for the fans to sit on and watch the rehearsal.

Ian was one of my closest friends back then, we were only sixteen years old, and he mentioned to me that they were looking for someone who could sing as Paul was a little weak on the microphone. I asked him if they would try me out as their singer. He gave me a cassette tape with a couple of their songs on, along with the lyrics which he’d hand written out for me, and he told me to learn them for the following Friday where they would then “audition” me. Ian was very professional about this and I often feel that he should have entered into the music business. Anyway, I happily took the cassette tape home after school and began to learn their songs. The following Friday I showed up at Maple Studios and sang my throat out. I danced, I head banged and I even made little jokes on the microphone in between songs. My friends liked the audition and I got the part. I was overjoyed as I wanted to be in the band with them from the start anyway.

And so began my new life as a rock singer.

Ian was the driving force behind the marketing and advertising; he was already well versed in writing websites and he was a very good artist, which was great for the gig posters. Ian was also the main song writer. He would come up with some words which he’d bring to the studio and then Will and Paul would put the drum and bass beat to them. Ian would then produce a flouncy guitar solo, on his 1984 Gibson Les Paul with gold-plated pick-ups, and I would learn and sing the words. Will and Paul also contributed with songs that they’d written (I made a couple of attempts at writing songs but it definitely wasn’t my strong point) so between the four of us we soon had a playlist long enough for a gig.

After a few months, the owner of Maple Studios, Glynn, had heard us rehearsing and invited us to play a ten minute slot at his all day event at The Esplanade. This was a music venue located on the seafront where David Bowie is rumored to have gigged in his earlier days. Unfortunately, The Esplanade was being taken over by a large pub chain and was going to be turned into a family pub/restaurant so this was to be the last day of it operating as a music venue. Glynn had lined up lots of bands to play back to back throughout the day and night as a mark of respect to the venue for successfully supplying Southend-on-Sea with live music for generations.

I cannot appropriately put into words how excited I was about this forthcoming gig. I was also nervous; this could be our only chance to prove to the main players in Southend that we were good enough to book for future gigs. Our slot was in the late afternoon and we rehearsed our arses off in preparation for it. We produced a set-list of four songs. We sped the songs up slightly so that we could cram all four songs into our ten minute slot. Our thought process was that the more they could hear of our music the more versatile we could prove ourselves to be. The four songs that we had selected were all very different.

On the day we waited patiently while the other bands played on the small stage at The Esplanade. Eventually, our turn came. The venue was heaving and Glynn announced over the microphone, “Next up are No Absolutes”. We got on the stage and immediately started hammering out our first song which I think was called, “Jilted”. It was a punky number that Paul had written and the chorus went something like this, “Jilted, Jilted John, he was jilted” repeated four times. Blimey we were talented. After the fourth song had finished, we were gob smacked, the audience were clapping and cheering hard, they seemed to genuinely like us. We took a small tongue-in-cheek bow and left the stage, making room for the next band to come on.

After a month or so, Glynn came into our rehearsal session and said that he thought that out of all of the amateur bands that had played that day, we were the best and that he had something in mind for us. He was opening a new venue at the back of a pub called Chinnery’s, which was located on the main promenade of the seafront, and that he had booked Limehouse Lizzy, a very good Thin Lizzy tribute band, to play on the opening night of the new venue. He needed a support band to warm up the crowd and he thought that we’d be best suited to do it providing we could produce a thirty minute set. We jumped at the chance. We would effectively be the first band to ever play at Chinnery’s, which continues to host live bands in Southend-on-Sea.

We had a couple of months to rehearse. We wrote two new songs and practiced and tightened up our existing songs. Very soon we had a thirty minute set list as a well as an encore number (just in case). The day fast approached and with the help of our parents to transport our equipment, we set off for the seafront on a Saturday afternoon to rig up the instruments and to do a sound-check. The stage at Chinnery’s was far better than the stage at The Esplanade; it was wide, taking up around half of the width of the venue, and it was deep so that you could really perform on it.

That evening, a huge crowd from our sixth-form college gathered at the doors of Chinnery’s, this was thanks largely to Ian’s fantastic poster placements around the school and the promise that they’d all get in without needing ID, meaning that they could all drink to their hearts content. We weren’t sure whether this was true or not but we assumed that if we were allowed to play in a venue with a bar then our friends would also be able to go there. Luckily it paid off and everyone got into Chinnery’s without a fuss. Beer flowed, the crowd swelled and finally a voice came over the microphone, “Please put your hands together and welcome No Absolutes to the stage”. Our title track was a song called “There Are No Absolutes” which we opened most of our gigs with. The song had an extended introduction which allowed a solo for each of the instruments, with me coming in on vocals at the end. We played through our set with each song being enthusiastically cheered by the audience at the end. We gave strict instructions to our school friends that they must over exaggerate their applause so that we could get the opportunity to gig there again, the benefit to them was that every time we got to play there, they got to come along and consume stupid amounts of alcohol. It was a wonderful business transaction that benefitted all parties.

After we’d warmed up the crowd, Limehouse Lizzy entered the stage and clearly highlighted the difference between a professional and an amateur band, they absolutely rocked and the lead singer’s stage presence had me in awe. They thanked us for supporting them and after the gig they said that when they are next in Southend, they’d be happy for us to provide support to them again.

Now at this time there was a small monthly magazine that circulated the music scene in Southend-on-Sea and it was called “Southend Who?” It was a free magazine that could be picked up in a music shop called Honky Tonk as well as from music venues dotted around the town. On the first page of the magazine there was always the “quote of the month”. After our gig at Chinnery’s, we featured on the “quote of the month” and it went like this: “You don’t love me, I’m just a sex machine” - sings the rather portly lead singer of No Absolutes. Ian brought the magazine into the sixth-form common room and with a beaming smile proudly showed me the quote. I was absolutely delighted. It was our first bit of free press and as they say in show business, “no publicity is bad publicity”.

From there onwards, we spent just over four years together as a band. In this time we had developed our own website; we had our own tarpaulin back-drop; we devised an image and strictly stuck to this “dress code” when we gigged. We went on to win a Battle of the Bands competition and made a tape cassette in a recording studio, which was the prize. We cut our own CD using digital recording equipment that Ian had bought. I bought my own Shure SM58 microphone, my prized possession. We played numerous gigs of our own in most of the venues in our town including one in the park where we played to over 2,000 people as part of all day music event. We contacted recording companies in London and had a few letters back with the standard response, “not what we are looking for right now”. Then we had a breakthrough.

One recording company based in Fulham got in touch with us and said that they’d like to send their A&R guy down to watch a rehearsal. No Absolutes absolutely shit themselves. We read and re-read the letter and we still couldn’t believe it. A guy named Stewart came to Maple Studios a few weeks later and he sat through two hours of our rehearsal session. He liked us and said that the next time we gig we must contact him and he will come to watch.

We planned a gig at The Alex. This was a new music venue in town at the back of a pub which used to be called The Fish and Firkin. It had been bought by a different pub chain and the new manager wanted to establish the place as a venue for people who were into “alternative music”. Personally I hate the phrase “alternative” because everyone then clubs together into an “alternative” crowd and they immediately become like one another, which means that there’s nothing alternative about anyone anymore. Anyway, “alternative music” was the phrase of the day and so we were best positioned to gig there. Again we were lucky enough to be the first band to play at this venue, which I believe still hosts gigs now.

It was our own gig so we had to arrange a support band, do all of the advertising ourselves and ensure that we filled the venue. We had an A&R guy to impress from a London record label so it was imperative that it was a success. We really put the effort in for this one. We plastered the town with our posters, we wrote some new songs and we rehearsed until we physically couldn’t stand anymore. We made sure that everyone in our family and friendship circles were going to be present. We also enforced the over-applause rule and told everyone that we were being talent spotted so it was of the upmost importance that the A&R guy could see how popular we were. The night of the gig approached, the venue was packed, we were all fired up and Stewart was present. It was one of the best gigs we ever played and afterwards Stewart thanked us all for an entertaining evening. He was genuinely impressed.

A short while after he called to ask whether we would be able to meet him in London for a beer. Ian and I went to meet him and he explained that while we was very impressed by us, he felt that our music needed another six months to a year to mature. Additionally he explained that the music industry was in a “boy band” phase which meant it wasn’t quite ready for rock/punk music to reappear but that by the time our music matured, the industry would be ready for music of our nature and he was prepared to take us to the next step. We were very pleased and excited about this. It meant that we had time to create more complex songs and sharpen up the best of our existing ones. We left him feeling elated.

Within the next six months I was asked to leave the band.

During the last seven months of my time with No Absolutes, I was living in London. I had moved there for university and every Friday, without fail, I would get on the train to go back to Southend to rehearse at Maple Studios. I would then spend the weekend in Southend and travel back to London on either Sunday night or early Monday morning. This was fine for a period of time. Then I made new friends who were all going to parties in London at the weekends. I was regularly invited by my peers to go with them to the nightclubs and private parties but I declined in favor of my rehearsal time with the band. After a period, I noticed that I was no longer being invited out by my university friends which started to bother me. I made a decision to not go to rehearsal one Friday, despite the room already being booked. I phoned Ian the next day and apologized profusely, he was pissed off but understood where I was coming from; he was also at university although he still lived at home.

The following Friday I repeated my behavior, I had so much fun in London the previous week I just simply didn’t want to miss out. Again I phoned Ian and apologized, promising never to do it again.

The following week I travelled to Southend for my rehearsal session with the band. Ian met me outside the studio, he was noticeably upset. I asked him what was wrong and he explained to me that the band no longer wanted me as their singer. I was dumbfounded. I couldn’t believe that after four and a half years of regular weekly attendance that I was being punished for not showing up twice. Additionally, these were my school friends who I’d grown up with. It was like I was losing everything in one foul swoop. I asked Ian if this was a decision that had been made by everyone and he nodded that it was. I remember having a lump in my throat, wanting to cry, but I held it in, shook Ian’s hand and left. That was the last I saw of No Absolutes.

They scrapped all of the songs, started completely afresh with new music, a new band name and a new image. They introduced a rhythm guitar and a saxophone and went along the Ska route as opposed to the rock type music that we played. This did comfort me a little as the thought of someone else simply stepping into my shoes as the lead singer of No Absolutes would have been too much to bear. Basically, they completely rebranded themselves and I believe they had some small successes along the way. Eventually they also went their separate ways and unfortunately I am no longer in regular contact with any of them; an abrupt end to long standing friendships.

I often think about getting in contact with them again. Facebook is a good tool for this. I know that Ian and Paul are fathers now. Everyone is grown up. I’d love to get together for a few rehearsal sessions and put together a reunion gig at Chinnery’s. We could invite all of our old school friends so that everyone can come together and catch up on the last twelve or so years of our lives.

Perhaps it’s something I can do in the future. For now, there are so many other things going on in life. One thing’s for sure though: there really are No Absolutes. Nothing is certain.

Ganja

I had a short love affair with Mary Juana when I was eighteen years old. I’m not too sure how it all came about but I remember for sure that I spent a lot of my eighteenth year stoned.

After I left home, I moved into my Brother Michael’s flat in Leigh-on-Sea. When I adamantly announced to my Mother and Step-Father that I was leaving home, my younger brother Nathaniel quickly jumped up from the sofa and announced that he was also going to leave. The old saying, “as thick as thieves” definitely applies when it comes to the rapport I have with Nathaniel. He’s only fourteen months younger than me and he was my best friend while we were growing up. Well, until he smacked me in the nose one day when I was ten or eleven years old because I wouldn’t let him be Batman in a game that we were playing; I’ll never forgive him for that one, my nose poured with blood for at least an hour.

Anyway, Nathaniel and I left home on the same day, I was eighteen and he was seventeen years old. I was still studying so my older brother Michael offered to put me up until I went to university the following year. Nathaniel was working so he could manage to pay rent on a little place around the corner from Michael’s flat. It was perfect. He was only a five minute walk away and he had a room in a house-share which was actually a converted garage; there were always other people about so it felt like a party house. Actually, it was a party house. This is where my relationship with the green leaf began and it was my younger brother that introduced me to it.

Nathaniel bought a book. It was called “The Joint Roller’s Handbook” and the contents provided an Aladdin’s Cave of rolling techniques, gadget building exercises and some cooking recipes also as far as I can remember. If you are familiar with Blue Peter, a long running children’s TV programme on BBC1, you’ll be aware of the sessions during the show where the over-excited, and often patronizing, Presenters show the young viewers how to build a space rocket from toilet rolls and sticky-back plastic, amongst other useless things, utilizing household items that are otherwise only fit for the recycling bin. Well, this was the Blue Peter guide for cannabis smoking adults. How it managed to get published still baffles me, but Nathaniel and I were very pleased that it was available on the book shelves at that particular time.

Within a matter of a few days, Nathaniel had become a joint rolling guru. He would call me when he’d finished work, I would immediately go to his converted garage and he would delight in showing me his latest invention. The first one that he built was called, “The King L”, named so because of the way that he stuck two large Rizla’s together in an L-shape which was then packed with the latest purchase of sticky skunk and a small amount of tobacco. I’m not exaggerating when I tell you that the thing was like a bloody traffic cone and once lit there was no going back to normality until the weed had decided that it had had enough of making you laugh uncontrollably followed by forcing you to stuff yourself stupid with whatever food you could get your hands on.

At this point I should warn you not to be mistaken that I am glamorizing the use of illegal drugs, I am merely telling you my story. The down side of course was that I rapidly hit fifteen stone in weight, slept far too late into the day and missed countless opportunities to find and keep a part-time job in order to help me to save money for my forthcoming university education. At the same time however, it was something that I enjoyed immensely at an age where nothing seemed to matter apart from having fun. It was just me and my little brother, who had both left home under fairly strained circumstances, kicking back and laughing until tears rolled down our faces and the sides of our bodies ached from the hysterics that we just simply couldn’t control.

Political bit done, back to Nathaniel’s gadgets. On one occasion, he telephoned me and was clearly very excited about his most recent achievement. I ran to his place around the corner and knocked on his door. He shouted that the door was already open; this was because he used to get so stoned that he couldn’t be bothered to get up and open it himself. As I opened the door into Narnia a huge cloud of smoke billowed out of the room and into the hallway. Naff was sitting in the centre of the room and was barely visible through the dense smoke that surrounded him. He had a huge grin on his face and showed me “The Lung”, which he’d been building all afternoon and had waited until he was confident that it worked before inviting me round to try it out. Allow me to try and describe “The Lung” to you.

An empty two litre plastic bottle provides the centre-piece for the contraption. A small hole is cut into the end of the bottle and a plastic carrier bag is then stuck over the cut area, ensuring sure that the hole is completely covered. Another hole is made just above the mouth-piece of the bottle to which small gauze is then attached. Cannabis is then placed on the gauze while the user of “The Lung” rapidly puffs through the mouth-piece of the bottle, blowing out the smoke from the cannabis which is being slowly burnt on top of the gauze, until the carrier bag at the end of the bottle inflates with smoke. After the carrier bag is full, one must then very rapidly inhale through the mouth-piece, taking in all of the smoke that has been stored in the carrier bag at the end of the bottle. The result: one carrier bag “lung” empty, two human lungs full and one very stoned person. Now that I have actually written this down, I realize how dangerous it sounds. Trust me, it was.

Nathaniel invited me to try out “The Lung” but as it appeared far too mechanical for me to fathom how to use it myself I rejected the offer in favor of him actually showing me how it worked. “I will go second”, I promised. He began to burn the skunk placed on the top of the gauze, all the while puffing out into the rapidly expanding carrier bag. After the bag was full of smoke, Naff took one huge gulp, instantly depleting the carrier bag of its contents; he coughed, choked, quickly ran to the kitchen; puked a whole heap of brown stuff into the sink and then finally exhaled a billowing cloud of white smoke into the air. His red eyes were watering severely and he had turned a terrible shade of grey. He casually turned to me and said, “You’re next”!

No bloody way was my sharp reply. Naturally we had to investigate the reason why “The Lung” had caused such an ill effect and it turned out that a small piece of plastic was inside the carrier bag when he had inhaled, causing him to choke and to burn the back of his throat slightly. The lesson to learn here folks is: always check that the carrier bag is empty before inflating it with smoke.

I mentioned earlier that I rapidly reached fifteen stone in weight. There is a very good reason for this for which my brother and I owe Nico at the American Burger Bar a big thank you to. Nico is a Turkish guy who back then owned a takeaway place that sold burgers, kebabs, chips, chicken, ice cream, cakes, soft drinks and all of the other wonderful food items that a stoned person needs during and after a smoking session. The American Burger bar stayed open into the early hours of the morning. Nathaniel and I used to call Nico on his personal mobile phone (we were very good customers) and he would answer in his thick Turkish accent, “What you want fat fucker face?” His answer was always met with a small bout of laughter after which we would reel off our shopping list. If we had run out of Rizla or cigarettes, Nico would stop off at the garage and pick these items up for us also. He even threw in éclairs for free on some occasions. And as if is this wasn’t good enough, he would let us run a tab, meaning that we could still order our food when our money had run out providing that we paid him at the end of the week (Nathaniel was paid weekly). Apart from the fact that we considered Nico an absolute legend, put simply, he was a takeaway owner and we were stoned fat bastards, it was a match made in heaven.

Now as my father used to say, “All good things come to an end”. Well actually I think he only ever said that when his money had run out at the pub. True to my father’s quote however, the summer spent dazed in the weed was soon over and I had to head off to university in London. Nathaniel and I had gained some serious weight through not having to even leave the house to get our late night supply of kebabs with burger sauce, chips, éclairs and soft drinks; I had upset my brother Michael because I couldn’t hold down a part-time job (he only wanted what was best for me); my relationship with some of my friends had dissolved because I wouldn’t keep to the appointments I had made with them and I had a pretty chesty cough. Not the best result and certainly not a good way to start university.

I was sad that this summer had ended though. I knew I would miss Nathaniel and Michael terribly when I left, along with the people in Nathaniel’s house-share and the other friends that I’d made on the occasions that I did go out socially. Most of all though, I was sad about having to leave this seemingly care-free year of my life behind in favor of three years of lectures, studies and exams, all in the wilderness of London where I didn’t know anyone.

I remember thinking to myself at this time that the changes in life must be embraced and I knew that the only other choice was to get a full time job in a call centre, a factory, a pub or a restaurant so I packed up my bags after having a fantastic time with my little brother and promptly ended my affair with Mary J. I left Leigh-on-Sea for the Big Smoke, to territories unknown and to begin my BA in Arts Management. 

Before I begin my university story however, I have to add that I would be doing Nico a disservice if I ended my ganja tale without one last mention of him. Therefore I shall dedicate my last paragraph to Nico.

I saw Nico in town around five or six years after mine and Nathaniel’s summer on the green had ended. He stopped me to ask for Nathaniel’s mobile number. I asked him why he wanted it, to which he replied, “Your fat fucker face brother still owes me fifteen Pounds.” Nathaniel, please just pay the man.

Third Degree

I went to South Bank University in the Elephant and Castle in South East London. I was nineteen years old when I began my Bachelors Degree in Arts Management and I was twenty years old when I had to pack my bags and head back to Southend-on-Sea, with my tail between my legs. I didn’t even achieve a third of a degree because I missed one of the exams. When I got home, nobody was even around to give me the third degree because the general consensus was that I wouldn’t succeed there anyway. By the time I was back in my home town I had amounted ten thousand Pounds worth of debt, had a very bad hangover and knew far more about “recreational” drugs than I cared to know about or ever wanted to experience again.

I was nervous when I went for the interview for my placement at university. The lady conducting the interview was a wonderful woman called Suzy Kerr-Pertic. She wore a tie-dye skirt and a roll-neck jumper. She had spiky hair and her office was covered in pieces of art work, most of which I think she made herself. She was the Course Manager and as soon as I entered her office, I was made to feel at ease. She explained that the course was more popular with girls applying so she was happy to have interest this year from male applicants. As a result she’d be happy to take me on the course as long as I simply passed my A-level in Sociology. Well that was music to my ears. I’d started to fall out of love with my Sociology course so now that I only needed to pass I could relax a bit. I was stupid really as I ended up with a D grade in my A-level when I could have easily accomplished an A. Never mind, such are the lessons that we learn in life.

I moved to the Halls of Residence in Dante Close just off of Kennington Lane, in the Elephant Castle, sometime in September in the year 2000. My brother Michael took me in his car and once we’d unpacked he shook my hand, wished me good luck and left me alone with my boxes in my little bedroom. I was terrified; I had no idea what the other people sharing the accommodation would be like and I had never lived on my own before, having come from a big family with lots of people around me the whole time. Here I was in a high crime area of London, on my own. Underwear overload.

As if to confirm my fears, there was a stabbing on Kennington Lane that night, not too far from my bedroom window. The road was blocked off and I tried to sleep through the flashing lights of the police vehicles which were blaring through my window. I should have seen it as a sign and escaped quickly before running up the debts. Oh how hindsight is such a wonderful thing, if only the opticians could make spectacles where you could look through them immediately with hindsight rather than it being something you can see after the event.

Anyway, my flat mates began to appear over the course of the next two days. They were a mixed bunch, one guy was doing his Masters and seemed really old to me; I think he was about thirty years of age. There was a young Chinese guy who NEVER washed his dishes. There was a cockney geezer called Steve who knew everyone in London, there was a guy called John whose father was Norwegian but he grew up somewhere near Buckinghamshire. There were five of us in total, all sharing a bathroom and a kitchen. Within about a fortnight, the place stank and we had to draw up some rules to prevent us from getting a warning from the cleaners for not keeping things tidy. During my one year there, we received two such warnings.

Apart from the stabbing incident on my first night things seemed to move along nicely during my first month of university. I was adamant that I would budget myself so that I didn’t have to get a part time job; living purely off my Student Loan and the small amount of savings that I had; about two hundred Pounds. After a month of settling in and getting used to my time-table it soon dawned on me that money would run dry quicker than I had anticipated. I opened another bank account with a one thousand Pound overdraft. That would keep me going for a bit longer I thought. Soon the offers of pubs, bars, nightclubs, all night raves, shopping trips, visits to art exhibitions and theatre plays came flooding in. What was I supposed to do? Say no to everyone all of the time? I started going out. Then I couldn’t stop. I caught that terrible social disease which meant if I said no then I’d surely be missing out on something and I couldn’t bear to listen to my peers talking about the day, night or weekend they’d just had that I wasn’t privy to.

Soon after progressing from the small town caterpillar into the London Social Butterfly, someone introduced me to Ecstasy. Clubbing took on a whole new form. Suddenly I could actually feel the lights in the nightclub. The music instantly had a deeper meaning that reached out to me and assured me that life was only good if you could feel the beat from the inside of your body. I fell in love with strangers for a whole night and we spoke about philosophy, astronomy, zoology, secret feelings and hidden emotions, we all loved, laughed, danced, kissed and melted into each other. Then we came down. And it was horrific. The day after the night before also took on a whole new form. The bed and the duvet, two packets of cigarettes and bottles of Lucozade became my only allies. Anyone coming to speak with me was instantly considered a threat to my sanity. Ecstasy come downs, a bloody nightmare. You’d think this would be enough to prevent me from chewing on these little disco biscuits a second time. Wrong. The high was so incredibly high that the low stopped being a threat. The problem was that the more pills that were popped, the less effect they had, meaning more, more, more.

Then there was cocaine. Someone taught me how to snort a line of cocaine. Its effect was instant and lasted a good half an hour. You can drink all night on cocaine and not feel drunk so you drink lots, snort a line of cocaine and then you’re sober enough to carry on with the night. Cocaine is fifty Pounds a gram, well it was then. We were students and heaven only knows how we managed to afford it. I think we used to have a whip-round and then share a gram between us. The problem with cocaine is that one line is never enough. No problem, draw out the money from the credit card, let’s buy another gram. What an absolute fucking nightmare; big debts, no sleep, no studying and serious damage to your health. We still don’t know the long-term effects of cocaine so who knows what will happen to me in the future, having spent a few months experimenting with it. Life will just have to play out and if I die suddenly, I will only have myself to thank.

And so began the vicious downward spiral of what was supposed to be my attempt at “going up in the world”. After four months I realized that I didn’t have enough money to sustain either my course or my social life. I got a job in a wonderful bar/restaurant called the Fire Station which was in Waterloo, just outside of Waterloo train station. I started doing twenty hours a week in the evenings and at the weekends. The hours that I spent socializing and working at the Fire Station seriously outweighed the hours that I spent studying; the balance was completely wrong. Soon I increased my working hours at the pub to thirty a week, just enough to keep me afloat.

Now it would be sinful of me to complain about this entirely. What I gained from this experience was also valuable to my life lessons and to my internal culture bank. In the midst of the madness, I spent many afternoons at the Tate Modern, learning about Modern Art. I soaked up the portraits at the National Portrait gallery. I went to exhibitions at the Serpentine Gallery in Hyde Park. I sat for hours watching the street entertainment in Covent Garden. I visited Tate Britain, the Royal Albert Hall, and the Queen Elizabeth Theatre on the South Bank amongst others. I attended workshops at theatres in the West End. I did a guided tour of the Globe Theatre while it was still under construction. I went to the Old Vic, the Young Vic, the Donmar Warehouse, Sadler’s Wells (where I also worked as a Theatre Usher for a short period). I learnt as much as I could about theatre, art galleries, community arts projects, the Film Council, the Arts Council and how to operate business within these arenas. I managed to learn a lot but never actively put it into my study time. This was stuff I did simply because I wanted to do it, to learn about it because I was interested and I still am.

London was a big adventure for me. After repeatedly taking the London Underground to Central London for the first couple of months I realized that it only took thirty minutes to walk to Embankment, thereafter it was only a ten minute walk to Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus, Covent Garden and so on. I began to walk. Walking was great for a come down I found. I would put my hood up, pull the string tight in an effort to build a small shield around my face and I would walk everywhere. It was exhilarating and gave me lots of time to gather my thoughts. On more than one occasion, I would take whatever book I was reading with me and I would sit on the bench that is located next to Charing Cross Station, looking out onto The Strand. I would get myself a Boots Meal Deal, which consisted of a sandwich, a drink and a packet of crisps and I would sit on this little favorite bench of mine reading my book and watching people.

I found that people were fascinating when they didn’t know that they were being observed from a distance, especially in London as it’s so diverse that you can glance around the world in one swift movement of the head. I caught men in expensive suits picking their noses or kissing goodbye to the lady from the office before returning home to their wives; young couples striding apart from each other, clearly in the midst of an argument; old couples walking together each helping the other along; prostitutes touting for business, shop lifters running from the police; bankers, brokers, dealers, owners all speeding towards the tube station at the beginning of the rush hour. It enthralled me. It was like a big movie playing out in front of me and I was the only person watching; everyone else was simply too busy to take it all in, missing out on the whole experience.

The time finally came for me to wake up and deal with the muddle that I’d got myself into. I wasn’t unaccustomed to having to find a solution to a problem so I wasn’t worried about that part. I was worried about having to go home and tell my folks that I’d failed. I was told by a member of my family that I wouldn’t last until Christmas at university so at least I was able to prove them wrong, I’d lasted until the end of the first year. I packed my belongings, headed back to sunny old Southend-on-Sea and spent a few weeks on my brother John’s sofa feeling depressed with the world. After a time I moved back in with Michael and found a group of people that were not too dissimilar to my university friends, just more grown up and therefore a little more stable. Then, having found it difficult to get a decent job, I settled on the one place that would take me in; I got a job as a Parking Attendant.

I lived, loved, lost and learnt in London. I guess that’s why I have a love/hate relationship with it. I moved back there once for a period of eight months. I just couldn’t get into it properly. I was working then as a Business Development Manager and there wasn’t any time for playing which made the balance wrong once again.

There will always be a special place in my heart for England’s Capital City and I won’t rule out moving there again. For it to work though, I’m going to need a lot of money as it’s only worth doing London if you’re going to do it in style; and without the use of drugs.

Parking

I was down on my luck. I’d returned from university with a heap of debt, with no job and no permanent home. I felt like an outcast and a loser. I’d proved some of my family member’s right by failing at the first hurdle. I’d gained a taste for drink and drugs and I was depressed. I sifted my way through job to job. I worked in bars, call centers, a travel agency, telesales companies and more bars and restaurants. After working my way through around ten jobs in just over one year I decided to speak to my brother Peter. He was working in the parking industry and had managed to land himself a decent job at the Head Office of the largest parking company in the world at that time.

He told me that the best he could do was to get me the application form for a job as a Parking Attendant in Southend-on-Sea. I received the form soon after, filled it in and reluctantly went to the interview. I was given the job; and so commenced my career in the parking industry.

I had to wear a uniform, inclusive of a hat. I looked like a complete dick and I hated putting tickets on cars. In fact, I only ever put tickets on vehicles that were really taking the piss such as cars that were parked in ambulance bays or on the pavement. Abuse was hurled at me almost daily and I was completely embarrassed when I bumped into an old friend or a family member in town. Nobody likes Parking Attendants. This went on for nearly a year and the only reason that I stayed with the job was because I didn’t want to let my brother down, after all he’d stuck his neck out and recommended me.

After nearly a year had passed, my brother Peter gave me a call and said that Head Office were putting a bid together to try and win the On-Street parking contract for the London Borough of Wandsworth and would I be interested in putting together the street surveys as part of the bid response. It meant that I would be out of uniform for a nearly a month and it gave me a chance to re-visit London, which still held some wonderful memories for me. I jumped at the chance. When I arrived at the office in Putney, early one Monday morning, I was met by one of the company Accountants who was sitting on one of those large inflatable exercise balls at this desk instead of a chair. I thought this was quite comical so I struck up a conversation with him. His name was Henry and he seemed very pleasant.

After talking with Henry for a short while I was ushered into a room to meet the other people who had come from contracts in different regions who had also been asked to assist with putting the survey data together. What struck me was that nobody had been appointed as a leader of the group. Everyone was simply sitting there waiting for instruction while a bunch of maps were sprawled out across the desk waiting to be interpreted. I took the initiative and introduced myself. I told everyone that as there appeared to be no person to lead the situation, would they mind if I quickly scoured the maps and put a plan together to make the best use of everyone’s time. They all agreed to this. I gave each person an area and told them what they needed to achieve by the end of the day. It helped that my brother had already told me what he expected from my surveys. Everyone soon dispersed to survey their allocated areas with a clear idea of what was needed from them when we were to re-group that evening.

At the end of the day everyone came back to the office and presented their findings. I made a recording of these findings and wrote a report to be submitted to my Brother Peter. We repeated this process daily for the next two weeks. Thereafter I met with my brother and explained the survey results to him, taking into account the various patrolling problems and areas where parking abuse was particularly high. He encouraged me to put this into a proper report which I did with him for submission to Head Office.

The bid was collated with the survey report that I had co-written and was included in the Patrolling Methodology section. The Company then went on to present their bid to the London Borough of Wandsworth who were impressed with the submission and duly awarded them the contract. When a de-brief took place it turned out that we had won the contract on the basis of the details included in the patrolling survey plans; they were confident that we would be able to effectively patrol the borough, adhering to the Key Performance Indicators without there being any problems. We weren’t the cheapest bid, which can often be the preferred choice in the Public Sector, but we won on the basis of our surveying exercise. I was elated but unsure of where this left me. A month away from my home town, back in London and not having to wear an embarrassing uniform, didn’t leave me feeling too happy about having to return to Southend-on-Sea as a Parking Attendant. I spoke with my brother and he didn’t know what to do either. We decided that there might be additional work available in the existing contracts working on compliance reporting. Perhaps there was an opportunity for me to work covertly in other areas and report my findings to ensure that patrols were being undertaken effectively.

We explored this option and there seemed to be an opening in the London Borough of Lambeth contract. So it continued in this fashion for a year. When a bid was being put together I was enlisted to put together the Patrolling Methodology and when there was nothing to bid for I was utilized for compliance reports on existing contracts. The only thing that began to annoy me was that this wasn’t formalized, at any point I could be instructed to go back to Southend as a Parking Attendant; it felt like I had the Sword of Damocles hanging over my head. Additionally I was still being paid a Parking Attendant’s salary despite working directly for Head Office. After a year of uncertainty I spoke with my brother and suggested that unless I was given a proper employment contract I would be left with no choice but to resign. He was frustrated, there was nothing more that he could do for me and while I was extremely thankful to him for creating the opportunity for me in the first place I was feeling helpless and upset at the situation. I decided to resign.

I wrote my letter of resignation, I had no other job to go to but I was adamant that enough was enough and that I’d find something better. I contacted the Director, Andrew, and booked an appointment with him at Head Office in Uxbridge. He agreed to see me. A week later, dressed in my best suit, I knocked on his door. He invited me in to his office and I presented him with my letter of resignation. He was a little taken aback. He suggested that I was a valuable member of the team but that he wasn’t in a position to offer me a permanent contract at that time due to some restructuring that was happening at Head Office. I told him that it was perfectly fine and that I could go and earn more money in a bank somewhere local to home. He laughed at me. In a way it reminded me of the laughter that I received from Reg the Milkman when I told him that I needed extra shifts to pay for my trip to Jamaica, aged fifteen. Andrew closed his eyes, put his hands together and said, “Joby, I don’t know whether this is an attempt to force the issue of your employment or whether you really are prepared to resign but I value your position here and I am prepared to make you an offer.” I left Andrew’s office with an eight thousand Pounds annual pay rise and the promise of a permanent contract in the post within a week.

So I managed to score a leg up. This meant that I was exposed to Head Office activity more regularly and it also gave me the opportunity to meet one of the most business-influential people in my life at that time; her name is Julie East and she was the Bid Manager for the Company. Julie was inspirational. She taught me that personal and professional presentation, manners and etiquette were the key to being successful. She also taught me about the bidding process and what was required to create a winning bid. I learnt job satisfaction can be attained through balancing hard work and fun. But what really cemented my love and appreciation for Julie East is when we were working late one night on a big bid and accidentally stumbled across our mutual love of an expletive word that begins with a C and ends with, sounds like: runt. That’s right, in the corporate world I managed to find someone who had exactly the same sense of humor as myself which then enabled me to work hard and laugh while I was doing it.

I slowly climbed the ladder over the course of the next four years where I eventually became a Bid Analyst. After a time, there were some tremors happening within the Company so my brother, who was now the General Manager of Business Development, along with Julie and I made a leap to another company. This turned out to be a disastrous move. My brother resigned after six months, leaving Julie and I to fight the fire. After a short spell, Julie also left. I changed my role within this new company and learnt the art of selling in a non-bidding environment. I had some successes along the way; I moved back to London in the East, not too far from Stratford, and once again tried my hand at being part of the life in the Big Smoke. Eight months later, after having my car broken in to twice, I quit my job and once again moved back to Southend-on-Sea.

There I spent a year in recruitment and I started just as the recession hit. Redundancies, liquidations, high levels of unemployment all contributed to the decline of the recruitment agencies. I took a serious pay cut and was living hand to mouth for a year. Don’t get me wrong, I had some fun in recruitment; all types of characters come through the door of the recruitment agency. Some people had horrendous stories to tell and other people were simply visiting just to tick the box so that they could continue to take government benefits from the Job Centre. It gave me an opportunity to observe people again and I really quite enjoyed it.

One year in recruitment was enough however. I wasn’t fulfilling my ambitions so I decided to send my CV to a few parking companies that I found online. After two days, one particular company got in touch with me and enquired why I had sent my CV. I told the Managing Director of this company that I had sent it purely on the off-chance. It turned out that he was looking for a Business Development Manager and could I come quickly for an interview. I went for an interview the following week, spent half an hour talking about my work experience and the following two hours chatting about my family and some of my life stories. I got the job.

Life is full of twist and turns. As soon as I started in this company as the Business Development Manager I had a strange feeling that something unusual would happen to me. I became fairly close to the Managing Director and his family. When I had a late business meeting in London or an early start the following day, rather than staying in a hotel I would stay at his house and dine with his partner and children. It was fun, I really enjoyed their company and I like to think that they enjoyed having me there as their guest.

After just under two years in this company the Managing Director told me that he was going to sell. I was upset, I was having some successes and I was enjoying my time there. I told him that if he needed my assistance during the selling period then I would be happy to do whatever was required of me but that when the time came I would move on as I wasn’t prepared to work for a new Managing Director. I only came to the company because of the people that worked there and if they were no longer going to be there then I too would leave. The Managing Director told me to wait a while but in the meantime would I like to see what he was doing in Sri Lanka by having a two week excursion there. Well that certainly wasn’t an offer that I was expecting. It turned out that he was investing in a large tea estate and that his partner also had a house there. They were in need of someone that they could trust to assist them with running their businesses.

I met them both for dinner in a lovely restaurant near to Farringdon in London. He told me that his investment was fairly new but that his partner’s investment was already four years in the making and that she was having some problems there which she needed some assistance with. They would be happy to share my salary so that I could work at both properties for them as a shared resource.

From parking in England to tea in Sri Lanka, seemingly overnight.

I don’t know if there is a life map that is predetermined or whether opportunities come along for people simply because they allow the door to be kept open. Either way it seemed that my short time in Jamaica was a life juxtaposition to prepare me for island life in Sri Lanka. My experience of growing up in a fairly poor environment prepared me for some of the poverty that I have experienced here. My varied career, where I had short spells in lots of different companies seemed to suddenly benefit me; I understood a little about tourism, a little about table service, a little about cleaning among a host of other small understandings that I could immediately apply when I landed in the Pearl of the Indian Ocean.

So now I’m here. I don’t know how long for nor where it will take me but I know that it’s all part of my life adventure, which could either be predetermined or attributed to the fact that a smile and a bit of hard work goes a long way.

Italy

I am officially banned from Italy.

So I met a circle of friends when I started going regularly to this one particular pub. They were (are) a fairly crazy bunch of people who I immediately identified with. One of them was a guy called Terence Charles Blackman or Terry for short. He is a wonderful person and remains one of my closest friends. After some time had passed and we all stopped going out regularly to the pubs and clubs we drifted a bit from each other. I’ve found that life tends to throw us into friendship circles that last for a while until everyone’s course changes, some friends are retained while others seem to become simply a memory, often a blurred one at that.

One day, Derek who was one of the main players in this circle of friends, met a lady called Angela and moved to London with her. After a while, Derek contacted me to say that they were getting married, that Terry had been asked to be his Best Man and would I be able to come to the wedding. Of course I obliged and offered to produce the wedding invitations for them.

They were to be married in Italy in the village where Angela’s family is originally from. The place was called Bedonia and they were going to get married at the Castello di Compiano or Compiano Castle to us lay-Englishmen. I had never been to a wedding abroad before and was naturally very excited. The wedding attire for the men was to be full morning dress with tails. Derek, Terry, another friend George, Luke (Derek’s son) and I all trotted off to the suit hire place in Southend and booked our suits to take to Italy with us. Derek was not in a position to pay for the suits or the airfare which of course was no problem, we were happy to pay for ourselves; we simply wanted to support him in getting married and settling down with Angela.

I produced the wedding invitations, some in English, some in Italian and Derek and Angela posted them out to their friends and relatives. I couldn’t wait for the time to arrive. I had never been to Italy before and I was keen to see what all the fuss was about regarding this country that is shaped like a boot. The day arrived to depart on our wedding holiday to Italy. We set off to London Gatwick Airport and immediately headed for the bar for some breakfast and a beer. Angela was with us and so was Derek’s daughter Hayley. Everyone began reminiscing about the times that we shared prior to Derek heading to London to be with Angela; naturally it was toned down a little as Derek’s future bride was present.

On the airplane we were sat near to each other and continued to laugh and joke about the old times. I remember Angela expressing some slight concern and giving a little warning to us to be on our best behavior as we were going to the village where she grew up and people were not accustomed to tourists there.

We arrived at Genoa Airport in high spirits. Angela’s brother collected us from the Airport and took us on a long drive northwards. We travelled up a mountain with roads winding left and right, slowly circling us up towards our destination, Bedonia. The landscape was absolutely wonderful, big green mountains covered in trees and various crops with small rivers running through here and there. It was the perfect setting for a wedding and we were all dead proud of Derek and equally happy for Angela.

We arrived at a small hotel perched on a high point of the village, families and children were standing out on the road to see the arrival of the people from England as well as the homecoming of Angela, the bride to be. It was a little nerve racking, feeling like we were on display; a little eerie even. We were greeted at the hotel by the Manager who spoke very good English; he’d worked in England previously, somewhere in Yorkshire. We were shown to our rooms and quickly unpacked our clothes, hanging our wedding suits up in the wardrobes. We enquired about the pool, on the brochure there was a beautiful picture of a pool on the roof of the hotel but we were told that it was still under construction; the picture had been superimposed to show guests what it would look like in the future. This was our first piece of bad news. We went to the outdoor eating area and ordered some food. Then it started raining, heavily.

On our first evening we were collected again by Angela’s brother and taken to the most fantastic restaurant about an hour’s drive away. A small family-run restaurant where stewed venison could be ordered with the assurance that the deer had only been killed either that morning or the day before. Pastas were homemade as were all of the sauces. We sat together and had the most mouth watering feast, all prepared by the owners of the restaurant using the freshest of ingredients. The wine was also incredible, full bodied red wine prepared by the local winery. We ate, drank, laughed and got to know some of the members of Angela’s family. Afterwards, her brother insisted on paying for the meal and took us back to our hotel. It was a wonderful example of traditional Italian hospitality and a lovely end to a long day where we’d experienced only a minor disappointment by learning that we weren’t to have use of the swimming pool during our stay.

The next morning it was raining hard. Derek and Angela had set off to visit her family members to prep them on the wedding arrangements. Terry, George, Hayley, Luke and I were left at the hotel without a great deal to do. When the rain eased a little, we set out for a walk around the village. You could get around the entire village and back to your starting point in under an hour. We found a pizza restaurant tucked away from the roadside and settled down for a meal of home-made pizzas, pastas and gnocchi. Something that really struck me was that in the middle of the restaurant a huge table had been laid. Perhaps twelve seats were occupied solely by children. There was not an adult in sight; the oldest member at this table could have been no older than thirteen years of age. They were all laughing together and feasting on three large pizzas that were sitting in the centre of the table. I remember thinking how wonderful this was; that children were free to go out to lunch together without the need of adult supervision. What a perfect little village this seemed to be, despite the heavy rain dampening our spirits slightly.

Midway through our meal, Angela and Derek joined us to keep us informed of the wedding arrangements. Terry expressed that he was becoming a little nervous about delivering his speech to a crowd of people that he didn’t know, where 80% of them wouldn’t understand what he was saying. He also mentioned that he was having trouble sleeping and was there a pharmacy where he could purchase some sleeping tablets. Angela offered to take him to the pharmacy after lunch.

With our bellies full we headed back to the hotel with Derek while Angela took Terry to the village pharmacy. After a short time they returned and Terry was feeling better knowing that he’d be able to get a good night’s sleep before we all had to head off to the Castello di Compiano the following morning.

The next day we travelled the short distance to the castle to check out the wedding venue. It was absolutely beautiful, like something from a fairytale. After we had walked around the grounds for a little while, George asked Terry what sleeping tablets Angela had picked up for him. They were Stillnots. Now, I had no experience of sleeping tablets until this point so I enquired about them with Terry. What did they do? How long did the sleep last for? Did they leave you feeling drowsy after waking up? How quickly after taking one would you fall asleep? Terry provided the answers for me and also added that they were banned in England and in America and that he was surprised that they weren’t banned here in Italy also. George asked if he could have one, to take now. I didn’t see the point in inducing sleep in the middle of the day and especially not while we were checking out the wedding venue. George insisted and Terry obliged him, offering some moral support to George by agreeing to also take one himself. I declined the offer. What ensued I must not commit to paper but I soon realized why Stillnots are banned in many countries. After a lot of falling over and exploring areas of the castle that were out of bounds, we finally got back to the hotel.

Terry and George fell asleep and I drank a small amount of wine as a nightcap, far more natural I thought. The next day we were in our room laughing about the antics at the castle the previous day. Luckily Derek and Angela were too occupied to notice what was happening. We headed down from our rooms for breakfast and as soon as we finished eating, it began pouring heavily with rain again. Without much else to do, we ordered a bottle of wine and slowly began to warm ourselves into the day.

We spent most of the day moaning about the weather and feeling a little isolated; Derek and Angela had left again for more wedding preparations. The rain had eased off when the early evening arrived and we decided that with nothing else to do in the village, we may as well begin to drink in the proper “Brits abroad” fashion. Red wine flowed and the hotel seemed to become busier in the evening as they had music playing downstairs. Deciding that wine simply wasn’t enough of a kick, Terry and George popped out a couple of Stillnots from the foil packet. Within thirty minutes, carnage ensued. It seems that Stillnots and alcohol are the perfect mix to create complete mayhem.

By the time Derek and Angela arrived back at the hotel, with many members of her family, Terry had just knocked someone’s drink off the table and was dancing in the hotel eating area with his trousers around his ankles. George was in the hallway at the hotel sitting on the floor trying to explain to a non-English speaking Italian guy that he couldn’t possible navigate the stairs as he had no legs and why the hell couldn’t the Italian guy see that he had no legs and to stop bothering him.

Now I know that I’m no saint in all of this. I was heavily intoxicated from drinking wine throughout the day and had commenced with drinking spirits. Rather than trying to control the situation, I’d given up after not being able to lift George from the floor; I simply sat back and laughed at the whole scene. At the precise moment when Terry knocked someone’s glass on the floor, Derek and Angela appeared. Her face was enough to sober me up; she was absolutely horrified at the scene in front of her. Her family members had their hands over their mouths in shock and Derek flew into a rage. He headed straight for me, punched me and asked what I’d done to Terry and George. I was gob smacked, quite literally. I couldn’t believe that he was blaming me. In hindsight I realize that I was the only person capable of providing an explanation so all is forgiven for the accusation and the punch. I remember slurring to him that it was his wife that bought the sleeping pills and what did they expect with nothing to do all day in this sleepy village.

I enlisted some assistance from a couple of strapping Italian lads and managed to get Terry and George to bed. We all fell into a sleep, leaving a trail of very poor British manners behind us.

I woke up early the next morning. I was busy devising an escape route and waiting for Terry and George to arise from their slumber. When they got up from their beds I was ready with my plan. One of the most comical things for me is when people first get up in the morning after a night of bad behavior, when at first they don’t remember much of the night before. The realization that slowly spreads across their faces is a comedy gem that I absolutely treasure. So was the case on this particular morning. After I allowed both Terry and George this moment of clarity, which I sadistically relished, I presented them with my plan. We agreed, having now been uninvited to the wedding, that we should hire a taxi, which I could arrange with the Hotel Manager, to take us down to the nearest resort to the airport to spend the remainder of our stay in a cheap bed & breakfast. We all agreed that this was the best solution.

We sloped down to the hotel reception, apologized profusely to the Hotel Manager and asked him to book us a taxi on a set price. Half an hour later, a local guy arrived with his taxi, accepted the one hundred Euros payment from us, loaded our luggage and unworn wedding suits into the car and began our descent down the mountain. The local village people wore a noticeably different expression on their faces during our departure to the one that they greeted us with when we arrived. I meekly waved them goodbye from the safety of the taxi window.

A few hours later we arrived in Pegli. We had pegged it to Pegli, it was rather poetic. This is a seaside resort just a short distance from Genoa airport and it felt more like home, although it seemed that nothing had been touched since the 1970s. It was like an old fashioned version of Southend-on-Sea. We checked into what was once a very grand hotel which had unfortunately suffered the ravages of time. We shared a room and settled in for our three night stay.

That evening we found somewhere for dinner and talked about our escapades, all three of us agreeing that we would probably never return to Italy and that we just had to make do with the situation until we could board the plane home.

Three days later, we arrived at the airport for our return flight to the UK. At the arrivals area we bumped into Hayley and Luke, followed shortly by Derek and Angela. If someone had the use of a thermometer at this point, Italy would have recorded the biggest frost in the history of its weather recordings. The journey back on the airplane was uncomfortable and as soon as we arrived back at London Gatwick Airport, we quickly dispersed to make our separate ways home.

The wedding suits were returned to the hire shop and the unspoken Best Man’s speech was folded neatly and placed in a drawer somewhere. The wedding invitation sample remains on my external hard drive as a keepsake.

We had a friend in common, a really lovely lady called Laura, who was one of the original crowd. A few years after Derek and Angela’s wedding, she passed away suddenly. It was horrible and completely unexpected. Derek, Angela, Hayley and Luke came to the funeral and we all began talking again. Sometimes it takes the death of a close friend to put things into perspective and whilst I won’t be travelling to Italy again in the near future, I’m pleased that out of something bad, something good happened.

I didn’t get to say this at your wedding but to Derek and Angela, I wish you all the very best for your marriage and please can I have the cost of the suit hire refunded into my bank account?

Tennessee

“In my Tennessee Mountain home, life is as peaceful as a baby’s sigh”. This is a lyric from one of my favorite Dolly Parton songs, even more so now that I’ve experienced Tennessee for myself.

Terry and I, along with our friend David (we call him Dolly) had a strange parallel in 2011. Dolly was born in 1961, Terry was born in 1971 and I was born in 1981. This meant that in 2011 I turned thirty years of age, Terry turned forty and Dolly turned fifty. To commemorate these milestones we decided that a holiday be planned to a destination that we’d all gain something from. Terry is a big Elvis Presley fan. In fact Terry’s initials are T.C.B so from birth he was destined to be a supporter of The King as this was his motto: Taking Care of Business. Dolly and I are Dolly Parton fans and we all like Country & Western music and the Blues. Tennessee seemed the obvious choice, it is home to Graceland, Dollywood, Honky Tonkin’ in Nashville and the Blues in Beale Street, Memphis.

We put together a savings plan and started mapping out our journey using Google Maps. Midway through our plan, Dolly had to drop out due to insufficient funds. This left Terry and I in a bit of a jam as it meant we had to split everything in half as opposed to sharing the cost three-ways. By this point we were so excited about the holiday that we just bit the bullet and went with the mantra, “you only live once”, who cares if the holiday is going to cost ten thousand Pounds? How far removed from when I was saving for my holiday to Jamaica, aged sixteen.

Terry was a little worried that I wouldn’t enjoy his company on holiday, based on our experiences in Italy. We worked through this and promised ourselves that we would behave on holiday and anyway, we didn’t have much of a chance to misbehave as the holiday was going to be a driving one, taking us 1,000 miles around Tennessee over the course of 3 weeks.

We went to the local travel agents to see if they could package up the holiday for us. They couldn’t do this because of where we wanted to start our journey from. We decided to package the whole thing up ourselves. Terry contacted Cruise America and reserved an RV for us, to be collected from their Knoxville depot. We then booked a one night stay in a motel near to Knoxville airport as the condition of the RV rental when flying from abroad is that on the arrival night, the driver must stay in a hotel before collecting and driving the vehicle. We booked our flights through KLM, we guessed that this would be the airline least likely to strike or have a problem at the time of our holiday. Terry then went ahead and reserved a couple of the “must-do” items for the holiday. This included booking the Graceland RV Park and a one night at the Graceland Suite at the Heartbreak Hotel. He also reserved a couple of the RV parks elsewhere on the journey, one near to Dollywood and one in Nashville. During the course of his internet surfing he also stumbled across the Loretta Lynn RV park, you know the one, the Coal Miner’s Daughter? He booked a night at this place for us also.

We mapped out our journey and after a lot of tweaking we decided on the following route, with small stops along the way:

Knoxville
Sevierville – for Dollywood
Nashville – for Honky Tonkin’
Jackson – for Loretta Lynn RV park
Memphis – for Graceland
Chattanooga – for the Choo Choo
Knoxville – to return the RV and to get the flight back to the UK

During the course of arranging this holiday with Terry, my life took a twist and I landed myself in Sri Lanka. This meant that Terry had to take care of the plans from the UK and I had to ensure that a flight could be booked from Sri Lanka to get me back to the UK in time to see everyone before heading out to the States.

We planned and saved for a year leading up to the holiday and we pulled it off. In June 2011, Terry and I headed to London Heathrow Airport to board the plane to Atlanta where we would get our connecting flight to Knoxville. A little hurdle that we did have to cross leading up to this point was Terry’s application for a Visa. Due to some minor blips that Terry had suffered when he was a minor, he had to go through a lengthy process to obtain his Visa. At one point it was very touch and go but he was approved to enter the United States of America on a three month Visa; he was thrilled and I was relieved.

So our journey began and as a special treat Terry had booked the airport lounge for us to relax in. We had some breakfast and a morning glass of wine; there are no time zones in an airport so wine can be consumed at any time of the day or night without having to feel guilty about it. Our gate number was soon called and we boarded the plane.

Some hours later we arrived at Atlanta airport. There was a delay with the connecting flight which was just as well as Terry was pulled into the Visa office to talk through his Visa application. My first experience of America was not great; major queues at immigration and only three staff operating the desks, all with very unwelcoming posture and manners. It seemed that we were being accused of something when all we wanted to do was to begin our holiday. Anyway, Terry spent an hour in the Visa office and was getting very irritated, he’d spent long enough getting approval and now he had to waste time explaining everything again. He finally came out of the office and we dashed to get our connecting flight. Soon after this we were midair on the way to Knoxville.

Our first night at the motel was amazing. There was a big storm taking place and Terry and I went outside to watch, taking the camcorder along. We have over twenty hours of holiday footage. The next morning we went to collect the RV. Terry took it on the maiden voyage to Sevier County, stopping after fifteen minutes because the American highway was freaking us out. He soon got the hang of it and we were on our way to our first RV Park.

We settled in, hired a golf buggy and drove around the park with the camcorder, filming all of the huge RVs that the American campers owned. We were slightly in awe of them; they put our hired one to shame. The next day we explored. There is so much to see and do in Sevier County. We went to the Elvis Museum, a Country and Western Stampede show, zip-lining through the mountains, horseback riding, we visited Gatlinburg which is the home of Ripley’s Believe it or Not, we drove around Cades Cove to see the pioneer’s houses and finally we went to Dollywood.

For me this was more than a holiday, it was a pilgrimage. When I was a young teenager, my brother and sister gave me a film to watch, “The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas”. From there on I became a Dolly Parton fan. I went to see her in concert at the O2 Arena in London the year prior to this holiday and she said on stage, “Please come and visit me in Dollywood”. I took this as a personal invitation. While holidaying there I discovered that Dolly Parton pays for every single child in Sevier County to have a college education. Now even if you’re not keen on her music, that’s certainly something to celebrate her for. Dollywood was more than I could have expected. Terry and I took in the sights, ate burgers and chips, went on the fast rides and soaked up the fun atmosphere that is prevalent in every corner of the place. It was a day to remember and I will return there again in the future.

From there we headed to Nashville, the home of Country Music. We took the Nash Trash tour of the City which was absolutely hilarious. Two trashy old bags invite you onto their pink bus and they provide a ninety minute guided tour of all the trashy areas of Nashville. We only realized later that for the first fifteen minutes of the tour we were simply driving around in circles in a large car park which made us laugh all the more. We then went on to visit the Country Music Hall of Fame, the Ryman Auditorium – the original home of the Grand Ole Opry.Terry cut a CD in the recording booth there. We had a Jack Daniels in Tootsies, we ate traditional BBQ in Jacks, we went on a guided tour of RCA Studio B and we sat at the piano which Elvis used to play to warm up his band, then we went Honky Tonkin’ at the bars on the main road running through the City. It was one of the cleanest Cities I have ever experienced and everyone that we met was very welcoming. If I could live in Nashville and start up a band, I’d do it tomorrow. I would never get bored of the place.

After reluctantly leaving Nashville we headed to Memphis via Jackson. We arrived at the Loretta Lynn RV Park just outside of Jackson and it was like experiencing something from a wild western movie. Interestingly Loretta Lynn’s daughter, Cissie Lynn, owns and runs the convenience store over the road. Naturally we had to go and see her as she’s the Coal Miner’s Daughter’s Daughter. She was absolutely lovely and showed us around some of the memorabilia that was on display at the back of the shop. We had our photo taken with her, grabbed some supplies and headed off to our pitch. It was the perfect stop off to break the journey to Memphis.

The next day we headed to Memphis. We got a little lost on the way and pulled over into a petrol station to ask for directions. It was then that we realized that we’d have to keep our wits about us in Memphis. We had pulled into a petrol station and we were the only white guys. Our RV was met with what appeared to be some rather cutting stares from the people there. In an attempt to cut the tension a little we spoke in our most proper of British accents and casually walked into the shop. When the girls at the Subway realized that we were British they really went out of their way to help us. What we thought was a hostile environment was actually not hostile at all. On the back of the good advice provided by the lovely girl at Subway, we found out the directions and casually made our way to the Graceland RV Park; Terry’s Pilgrimage destination.

All I want to commit to paper here is to advise you that you simply must visit Graceland. Even if you are not an Elvis Presley fan, you must find the time and the money at some point in your life and visit the place. It is a fantastic piece of musical history magic and you won’t be disappointed.

To enhance our stay here, we booked a night at the Graceland Suite of the Heartbreak Hotel. Look it up on the internet because I can’t even put into words how incredible it was to stay in a hotel suite that feels like you are actually staying in Elvis’ home. Buy a bottle of champagne, kick back and watch the TV in Elvis’s front room, there’s nothing on this earth quite like it, especially if you’ve visited Graceland the day before. In fact, you must do it that way round.

In Memphis we did a guided tour of Sun Studios where Elvis was discovered and a whole host of other bands have recorded there. We took the tram around the city and went past the motel where Martin Luther King was shot, we stayed a night in the sumptuous Peabody Hotel and watched the famous ducks walk across the red carpet to the fountain in the morning, we took a boat ride along the Mississippi and we toured the Blues bars on Beale Street.

From Memphis we drove to Chattanooga to visit the world famous Choo Choo. What a load of crumbly old pajamas. The town is very sleepy and it was actually quite a shame to end our tour here. Oh well, lesson learnt. The RV Park that we stayed at was very cool though, we went caving for three hours which was a great experience and we visited Ruby Falls where there is an amazing waterfall inside the cave. We spent our last night in Chattanooga town on the hunt for Jack Daniels. The only place that we could find that was staying open late enough was a British themed bar. How typical; we spent three weeks doing an all-American tour and ended up in a British bar.

I’m not too sure how best to conclude our Tennessee tale but I guess it’s appropriate to say that Terence and I really did Take Care of Business.

I suppose there is a running theme throughout my life. It’s a theme of friendship. I have been accused of being fair weathered before. I suppose that to the people that don’t fully understand me I am a little fair weathered. I never seem to stay in any one place for too long. This is mostly attributed to whether I’ve failed somewhere and need to move on or if there’s somewhere else where I feel that my time is better spent. Either way, I have always held on to the people that really matter to me. Doing the Tennessee Tour with Terry further cemented our friendship and proved to him that Italy was an unfortunate one-off and in no way a reflection of how I feel about spending time with him. We had fun, met some fantastic people, got fat on BBQ, drank too much Jack Daniels, soaked up the sights and left feeling that we had really experienced America.

Now I realize that this section of my book seems to read like an overly long Tripadvisor review. I make no apologies for this. It really was the holiday of life-time and one that was made extra special because I shared it with one of my closest friends.

Our next stop is Route 66 and I know it will be equally as much fun. Terry, allow me to raise a glass to you. Thanks for being you and for sharing a special Pilgrimage with me. It’s a holiday that I will never forget. Let’s hope your Visa is granted again because I’m already excited about our next tour.

Ben

Having overcome my own racism in my earlier years I found myself, aged seventeen, having to overcome my feelings about being gay. I had a short spell on the gay scene in London when I was nineteen, didn’t like it very much, and decided to run as far back into Narnia as possible, only to come out again aged twenty in Southend.

Soon after being in Southend again, I met Ben. Despite having broken up in January 2012, it would be criminal of me to write these essays without devoting a full one to Ben Conway. And I’m very confident that he won’t mind having his name in print. He is after all a self-diagnosed celebrity in Southend-on-Sea.

But where to begin when writing about someone that has had such an impact on one’s my life? The beginning, of course.

I first met Ben in 2001, when I was twenty and he was sixteen years old. Ben was already an old-hand on the scene when I met him, while I was fairly new it to. There was something about him that created a spark in me and immediately drew me to him, something that nobody else had managed to do to me beforehand (and hasn’t since and I’m not sure ever will). This power that Ben seemed to possess over me from day one could be a double-edged sword at times. Intoxicating romance was easily followed by humiliating public verbal bashing and occasional fist throwing, the progression of which was dictated by the current mood of the day or the quantity of alcohol consumed. That’s not to say that our relationship was one of speedy highs and lows, it was more to do with the free-flowing movement of anger and passion, without restriction, between two strong-minded people.

I met lots of seemingly nice people; they always are to start with until they get to know you and then begin bitching about every aspect of your life. After a year and through various introductions I came across a young chap named Ben. Ben wore braces on his teeth at the time and his hair was a multiple of colours that would put Joseph’s Technicolor Dreamcoat to shame. He seemed very comfortable in his own skin and knew how to command the dance floor. I found him very intriguing, not least because he seemed to have a mutual attraction to me, which was probably the first time in my life where I’d experienced someone liking me in the same way that I liked them.

Over the course of the next year Ben and I would meet, either in a group or on our own, and we slowly we got to know each other. He was very popular and always seemed to be out partying so I was quite flattered when he took a break from his busy schedule to spend an evening with me watching horror films and drinking red wine. During these times, Ben displayed a real maturity and was happy to advise me on who to speak to and who to avoid on the scene in Southend. As a new person in the pub, I often found his advice incredibly valuable, not only because he spoke with total conviction based on the knowledge he’d accumulated over the three years that he’d already been “out” but also because I knew him to have a very good judge of character. In fact, there have been many people that I’ve met either socially or in business where Ben’s opinion, which I sometimes ignored, was proven to be right in the end.

After this one year period of getting to know each other, we decided to become a couple. As soon as this became official, things began to change. I was no longer quite so tolerant of him being out with lots of other guys without me being present and he was not so happy for me to be as sociable with other guys in the pub. I found it difficult being banned from speaking to certain people and he found it difficult not to want to go out partying all of the time. The problem when two guys get together is the initial phase of trying to work out roles and rules. Men are generally more promiscuous than women (that’s a bold statement I know but in my experience it tends to be true). When you put two men together, it doubles the problem. And on the scene, there’s a whole bunch of guys all competing for each other’s attention. 

When you’re in a gay relationship, in a small town with only one gay pub, competition can be fierce. And as much as one might trust his partner, it doesn’t mean that one can trust every other peacock strutting around the place with his feathers poking out. To offer an analogy, one might warn ones loved one that, “it’s not your driving that I worry about, it’s all of the mad drivers out there that could end up causing you to have an accident.”

For three years we muddled through the highs and lows of the gay scene and our turbulent relationship. We had fantastic times and we had horrific times and none of which I would change as these experiences, whether high or low, form the history of my relationship with Ben. However, when 2005 came around, we split up. In my mind, that was the end of our time together. Ben began another relationship and I went out and had my own fun. We were apart for eight months until the evening of my birthday in 2006. I was dragged to The Cliff by my friends; I was feeling ill and terribly sorry for myself. My friends hit the bar and I plonked myself on the step outside where I sat nursing my head which was full of the deaths of winter (not the joys of spring, which one hopes for on ones birthday). A familiar voice formed in my muffled ear. It was Ben asking if I was ok. Like a little angel appearing through a heavy grey storm-cloud, Ben offered to take me to my home, as he could see that this birthday was simply an excuse for my friends to have a knees-up.

After that, we reconciled and spent the next six years together, the last one of which being long-distance. We built a home together, well not actually built; rather we furnished a home with lots of things that Ben liked! We had cats together, well actually only one of them I fathered because the first one was bought by Ben during our split in 2005 and the other by his sister. I used to joke with him and say that out of three children, one has one father, one has an aunty for a father and the other is mine, not a good record Mr. Conway. We then got Ruby, our little dog, followed shortly after by Elsie, another little dog. The home always had plants growing, lots of flowers in vases and it was occupied by lively animals, including a large fish tank. In fact, these were the things I loved about Ben. He struggled to communicate properly with me at times but he was a dab-hand at getting a plant to grow and he has a way with animals like no other person I know. What he lacked in being able to communicate with me nicely at times, he made up for by keeping everything running so nicely in our home.

Ending an essay about a relationship is as difficult as ending the relationship itself. Moving to a foreign country was a choice that I made for the purposes of improving my individuality, hoping that this would also allow Ben to flourish and that at some point not too long afterwards, we would both benefit from it, ideally as a couple. However, I knew when I packed my suitcase and said goodbye to Ben to leave for Heathrow airport on 7th February 2011 that it would put a strain on our relationship. I had hoped with the sincerity of my heart that we would work through it but unfortunately the distance was too much for either of us to handle.

My father used to say, “Behind every good man is a good woman”. I used to quote this to Ben but would follow it with, “but you’re just going to have to do.” To this day I’m not sure if we have grown apart but in light of not being with Ben anymore I’m also not sure if we were destined to be together during this particular phase of our lives. One thing I do know and that I’ll always maintain is that Ben and I are The Notebook, he knows what I mean.
Pre Lanka

The opportunity to go to Sri Lanka initially came about in 2010. I was working as a Business Development Manager for an entrepreneurial chap at his company in London. I’d been working for him for just under two years when he decided that he was going to sell the company. I told him that I particularly liked working for him and that while I would do whatever was required of me to assist him in selling his business, I would simply move on to another company once it was sold. I wasn’t prepared to stay too long once the new owner arrived, whoever that may be.

This entrepreneurial chap is partnered to an actress. When I told him that I would leave after the sale of the business he suggested that I check out his new venture in Sri Lanka. He had recently purchased a tea estate there and his partner also had a separate property that needed managing more effectively; perhaps I could be a shared resource. Well, it’s not every day that someone throws up an offer like that. We arranged for me to visit the Country for a two week period in November 2010.

I had never been to anywhere in Asia before and I was nervous and excited in equal measure. In early November 2010, after a ten and a half hour flight, I arrived at Bandaranaike International Airport along with my bosses. The three of us set off to visit her property for a couple of nights and then on to his property to see whether it would be something that I’d be interested in doing.

Well my dear reader, I quite simply fell in love. Is it normal to have a feeling of “love at first sight” for a Country? This is a question that I have asked myself many times in the year since I have been here. The truth is, despite experiencing some absolutely frightening things (the details of which I am reserving for another time), I do not regret my decision. Well of course that’s not entirely true, I deeply regret the way that things have turned out between Ben and I, but I do not regret living, working and simply being in Sri Lanka.

To come full circle, life is after all a pattern of ever-rotating, inter-linking circles; I started off in humble beginnings (bloody poor)….

I’ve had my ups and I’ve had my downs. I’ve won some and I’ve lost some. I’m only slightly richer financially now than when I was aged twenty-five. I don’t care. I never told myself that I would be a millionaire. I simply said to myself, as a young boy, that I would never have the life again that I had growing up; poor, restricted, racist with limited access to the outside world. I am far richer in experience than I could ever have hoped for. The only reason that I can think of that has allowed me to know this for certain is that I’ve always kept my door open, while standing in the door-way with a smile on my face, prepared to greet and embrace whatever next is coming through.



==========



About the Author:

Clearly there is no need to have a section at the end of this book that tells you about the Author. The entire book has unashamedly and self-indulgently been about the Author. Alternatively, this section explains the stimulus for why Joby Bottoms started writing his story in the first place.

Joby, having narrowly missed the generation that believes that fame and fortune can be gained by either uploading one’s entire life onto Youtube or by getting a spot on a reality TV show, while in the interim waiting patiently in the Jobcentre, decided to devote his “spare” time to writing this book. His aim was to share his experiences of how growing up poor does not necessarily mean that one is destined to be a failure, or to have to remain poor, and that hard work and wearing a smile, more often than not, is sufficient for opening doors to unexpected places. You just have to be prepared to walk through.

That’s not to say that his book won’t appeal to the easy-come-easy-go fame-seeking demographic; in fact quite the opposite. The people in this category know exactly how important it is to make a silly display of themselves for the purposes of being seen. Joby has simply done this in literary form.

Thank you for purchasing and reading Brewed.

Follow Joby on Twitter: Joby Davies @ IceyLion
Find Joby on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/#!/profile.php?id=653652577
Email Joby at: iceylion@gmail.com
Find Joby on Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/obadiahbottoms

