The Amazing Adventure


Adam Clark
Copyright © 2012 Adam Clark
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 1475037783
ISBN-13: 978-1475037784

DEDICATION


I would like to dedicate this book to all of the rappers, whom without their inspirational lyrics and great beats, this novel would simply not exist. Big props and respect to my boyz Biggie, 2pac, Jay-Z, Kanye West, Drake, Beastie Boys, Will Smith, the Sugarhill Gang, the Wu Tang Clan, Vanilla Ice, Ice Cube, Ice T, T-Pain, and Elton John. Your music provided me with the power to complete this momentous task.


CONTENTS


 1
Breakfast of Champions

2
Zombie Ninjas

3
A Solid Hope

4
The Republic Strikes Back

5
Return of the Bear

6
Brosef Stalin

7
Grigori Brosputin

8
Mikhail Brobachev

9
Bro-adimir Lenin

10
Chairman Bro

11
Kim Jong Bro

12
Barack Brobama

13
Brobraham Lincoln

14
Queen Elizabeth II of the United Brodom

15
Gin and Juice

16
Straight Outta Compton

17
It was a Good Day

18
Everyday I’m Hustlin’


































ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


I would first off like to acknowledge the lovely Sarah Bell, you put up with so much, I’m definitely certain it should be a super power. I would also love to acknowledge my family, without you I’d be nothing, literally, so many thanks to Grandad, Nana, Mum, Dad, Peter, Emma and Ella. I would finally like to thank Jonathan Weeks for providing me with the challenge to do this.







Breakfast of champions



Grigor awoke from his sleep feeling really pissed off, which for Grigor was the most usual mood to wake up in. He pushed the lion fur covering back over his bed and clambered over the twenty or so beautiful supermodels still asleep around his chamber.
Last night had been the same as it usually was for one of the world’s richest warriors; the party had started at 10 and didn’t end until early in the morning.  Now it was 8 in the morning, and time for Grigor to go to work.
He stumbled amicably over to the liquor cabinet and fixed himself a straight triple whisky, had two cold beers and finished off his breakfast with a fifth of vodka. Now he was ready to face the day ahead.
Rubbing his eyes and having a long stretch he viewed himself in the mirror, which in Grigor's case was the highly polished skull of his most recently vanquished enemy. Though his grizzled beard covered most of his face, the prominent scar he received while fighting the Robot Army of Herstaff the Space-Villain was visible across his left eye, from his forehead to the jowl of his cheek.
Grigor was still mad at the fact that he’d been cut at all, that just didn’t happen, but regardless, he still wore the scar as a badge of honour. What made him angrier was the fact that somewhere out there, in the vast nothingness of space, Herstaff was still planning and plotting like the slimy bastard he was.
Grigor noticed he was shaking with rage, so he took a deep breath and focused, brushing these thoughts from his mind and continuing his morning ritual. To start with he showered in his solid gold en-suite bathroom, and then attempted to trim the grizzled beard attached to his face. This was another unsuccessful attempt, and he gave up after blunting his fourth knife, after this he went into his walk-in wardrobe and came out wearing one of his many designer suits.
One of the brunette girls woke up and looked up at Grigor through glassy eyes. “Grigor, why don’t you just stay here with us for the day, handsome?”
Grigor looked down at the woman, and then turned to look out of the floor to ceiling window at the expanse of trees and rooftops that filled up the city suburbs skyline. As he did this, the first rays of the morning sun settled strikingly over his gruff features. “I can’t. The world needs me.”
He turned and whistled; at this his green dinosaur butler came striding over to the doorway, complete with top hat, monocle and tails.
“Good morning sir” the miniature t-rex said in a very posh British accent, “Would one like tea?”
“None this morning Wooster, I’ll be heading to work now, please make breakfast and order taxis for these fine ladies here when they wake up.”
“Arrangements will be made sir, please jump on my back.”
Grigor leapt on to the dinosaur and they headed out of the room and towards the stairs. He rode the dinosaur butler to the helipad on the roof and dismounted.
“Have a good day sir” Wooster said while bowing “your personal affects have already been provided as per usual.” He pointed over to a steel cabinet that had been opened to show a couple of shelves. One shelf held a jet pack, the other a sheathed broadsword and a leather briefcase. “The sandwiches are peanut butter jelly, I presume that is acceptable for today’s luncheon?”
“That’ll do, thank you Wooster, I’ll be back this evening,” Grigor said while donning his standard military issue jet-pack, not forgetting to pick up his broadsword and briefcase containing the all-important peanut butter jelly sandwiches on the way. It was a short ride to Grigor’s workplace and jet-pack was the only way to travel for someone as super awesome as Grigor.
He ran towards the edge of the helipad and jumped off the side of his 5 story building and down into his massive garden. He started the jet-pack straight away and only fell about 8 feet before accelerating up and outwards into the morning sky.
He enjoyed his daily jet-pack commute into the city, all of the cars and people looked like tiny colourful bugs, scuttling around and going about their daily business. He liked this, because smaller things were easier to crush into oblivion, and  imagining he was giant and smashing through the streets distracted him from thinking about the company audit they would be subjected to today at the bureau for Viking Bank Financiers.
It took about 20 minutes before a complex of skyscrapers began to appear from behind its hiding place over the horizon. The skyscraper that was to be his final destination was the most visually stunning of all the skyscrapers in the centre of the city. It stood twice as tall as any other structure in the complex, and was the in the shape of a bear fighting a giant squid, both of which were wearing top-hats. It was made entirely of Gold and encrusted with uncountable diamonds mined from deep within the volcano jungles of Venus.
Today though, the brutal beauty of the building was marred by a great floating mark held in the sky above the building. This mark could usually just be passed off as freak cloud, but this cloud was in the shape of a skull and cross bones, apart from the skull was adorned with traditional ninja garb.
“Zombie Ninjas” Grigor said to himself through gritted teeth, the words full of malice. Opening his briefcase, sending hundreds of pieces of paper floating down over the city in the process, he took out his roller-skates, put them on his feet and unleashed his flaming broadsword from its sheath. Through clenched teeth he muttered. “Looks like these ninja zombies have gone overdrawn, on their LIVES!!”
Leaning forward he pushed the jet pack into overdrive. Flying through the air at over a hundred miles an hour, the pack screamed and whined as it produced a thick tail of smoke fire showing his path across the sky. There was no time to perform a proper landing on the building so Grigor aimed down and dived straight at the landing pad painted on the top hat of the giant squid. At about 20 feet from the concrete of the landing pad he unclipped himself from the jet pack.
Grigor landed heavily down on one knee. The concrete cracked and buckled beneath his feet, creating a small crater on the roof of the skyscraper around him. The jet pack, now free from human control screamed straight upwards into the sky, breaking the clouds on its escape up into the stratosphere.
Grigor looked up and brought his broadsword round in a fighting stance. Using the extra mobility afforded by roller-skates he did a quick 360 degree spin and couldn’t see anyone, but his sixth sense was screaming at him that there were people everywhere, I’m getting too old for this shit, he thought to himself.
 
***

Andrew Nolan finished off his morning coffee and toasted muffin at the Deus Ex Machina café in the downtown area, nestled in between the high rises and under the shadow of the Viking Bank Bureau building. “Hopefully business will be good today” he said determinedly to himself. Ever since the monkey butler uprising of 2014 people just weren't interested in buying Victorian pottery.
He had his regulars of course, Finngar, the Swedish thunder demon, whose dinner guests didn't respect the finer qualities of kiln dried Lincolnshire ceramics. And ‘crazy’ Dave, who insisted that his time machine was reliant on the conductivity of handmade teapots with a specific floral, patterned underlay.  Andrew declined to point out that ‘crazy’ Dave could just write a letter to future-‘showed you that I’m not crazy’ Dave, to come back in time and share his time machine plans with past-‘still crazy until the time machine works’ Dave.
But it was this kind of thinking that led to the paradoxical mindfuck stoppage of ’21. Where some person came up with an idea so ridiculously absurd, but still entirely logically stable, that most of the population went into self-induced, thinking comas. All records of the idea were subsequently completely destroyed.
Andrew stared into the milky depths of his coffee, was this all his life had amounted to? He remembered the days when he wanted to be a rock star or an astronaut. Now he was a failing businessman in a failing industry who spent most of his time secretly resenting all of his best customers.
Finishing the last of his coffee he got up from the Italian styled chair in an assuming corner of the coffee shop, tipped the barista and stepped out in the fresh dew laden morning air. He only managed to walk a few feet up the street when he was struck square in the chest by a flaming radioactive chainsaw from space. Gutted about this turn of events, he stumbled, fell, and eventuallylaid out on the pavement after a convoluted series of death rattles. As the ambulance arrived Andrew passed out from blood loss, little did he know that this was to be the turning point in what was a fairly mundane life.

***

Grigor could hear the sirens of an ambulance on the streets far below the Helipad. The soundpierced through the howling wind that assaulted the top hat landing pad, someone was obviously intent on wasting his hard paid taxes on some fancy thing called 'medical treatment'. This irritated Grigor more than the annoying music they play in elevators.
Where he came from you either manned up or died, there was no middle ground called ‘getting medical help’ or a ‘recovery period’. This would probably explain why he was one of the last of his clan left.
He started to roll over towards the large double door that led from the landing pad into the building. He’d covered half the distance from where he’d landed to the door when it exploded outwards in a flaming ball of fire. Grigor didn’t flinch and instantly started sprinting the last of the distance to the now destroyed double door, brushing the flames and debris out of the way as he passed through them.
Several zombie-ninjas came flipping out of the hole where the door used to be towards the very fast travelling Grigor. They were spinning through the falling debris of door bits, each brandishing master crafted katana swords, but they never got a chance to use them, let alone reach the floor. “This is no challenge” Grigor shouted as he cut all of them in half with one running swoop of his broadsword, stopping just before the doorway.
The recently doubled ninja-zombie parts exploded, spraying zombie ninja parts all over the ground and off the side of the skyscraper. Grigor dusted off ninja-zombie organs from his suit, and pulled parts of door out of his beard. Then he stepped in through the rubble of the roof-top entrance to the skyscraper.
“Hello Mr Grigor” Said the building’s artificial intelligence from one of the less demolished screens that now hung from various angles around the flaming and battle scarred foyer. “I hope you’re having a lovely day, there is a memo for you, would you like me to read it you now?”
“Ok” Grigor grunted in reply as he stepped over several on-fire, upturned potted plants that littered the area. Two more Ninja zombies leapt at him from the shadows in a sneak attack attempt, but he punched the closest one so hard it flew into the second one, where they both hit the wall and subsequently produced a mighty explosion.   
“Mr Skwisfellgarr would like to remind you to get those TPS reports handed in as soon as possible, apparently he's been waiting on them for a while and as such productivity levels are dropping considerably.” The AI droned on obliviously.
“Send him a memo back suggesting that he do his own damn fucking TPS reports” Grigor growled while ducking out of the way of two hundred thundering throwing stars that were being thrown by several more assailants who had appeared gracefully and silently out of a ceiling air vent. These throwing stars completely destroyed the last fully standing coffee machine. Grigor's anger levels had just been elevated from really fucking pissed off to blood roar angry, which was actually a measurable scientific unit.
He threw this last coffee machine into the final group of zombie-ninjas, which exploded on impact. Then he stormed his way to the CEO's office, smashing all of the undead, overly sensitive walking time bombs of significant martial arts skill he met along the way.
The walk was unsurprisingly, very eventful, at almost every corner he was ambushed or attacked. He made his way through the grey soul-sucking cubicles, then out into the management offices, with their large internal windows that provided a great way to keep an eye on the numerous employees penned in the cubicle area. He then travelled down a passageway that led to a stone staircase. The ceiling stayed at the same height all the way along this staircase, creating a cavernous hallway where the staircase stopped. At the end of the hallway was a floor to ceiling double door, framed on either side by torchlight braziers held in wall brackets. The door was ornately engraved with dragons, kings, mountains and epic battles. It was small things like this that reminded the Barbarians, who ran the company, of home.
At the grand double doors of the great chamber of Lord Evegart he could hear loud fighting and shouting happening from inside. Slumped at the foot of the door was the temp worker who had only just started working in the printer room that past Monday. Whether or not he could still use a printer without legs didn't matter to Grigor, he'd seen plenty of men man-up from worse.
Turning his attention to the big mahogany double doors, he kicked them open with such force at least thirty women in the surrounding area suddenly found themselves pregnant.
The scene on the other side of the door was dramatic to say the least, exploded zombie-ninja parts were everywhere and Lord Evegart was fighting off insurmountable odds of zombie-ninjas. His five foot long flowing white beard was swirling around like a tornado while his great battle-axe spat lightning through every foe he downed. In his other hand was the phone.
    “Yes, I need the usual, yes, send the cleaners, we'll need the architects as well, and the fire team, and possibly call the burns unit. Argh, I'LL TEACH YOU FOR MESSING WITH THE POWER OF GREYSKULL! Oh no, sorry about that, I wasn't talking to you Janice. How are the kids?”
    While Evegart spoke the ninja-zombie group got smaller and smaller. There was a reason why Evegart was the leader of the Viking bankers. He soon finished off the last of the group he was fighting, while Grigor beheaded the few stragglers that were trying to flee through the doors.
When the final head exploded and left a fiery pile of ash on the floor, Evegart sat down in his throne of flaming boobies.
    “Sit down Grigor,” he said while motioning to the seat that faced his desk “the others are mopping the last of these amateurs, we have business to conclude.”
Grigor proceeded to move towards the open mouth of a Nordic dragon skull that now had the privilege of being a most impressive room set piece. It faced Evegart's gigantic obsidian desk, the seat was specifically designed to remind anyone who sat in it the inevitable mortality of life. A long row of sharp teeth hung just above head height as Grigor sat on the plush crimson cushion that replaced the dragon's long silenced tongue.
As he soon as he was down, several cleaners and repairmen came out from hidden doorways set into the floor to ceiling bookcases that lined the walls. Within minutes the efficient team had returned the room to its amazingly intimidating original state, even the dark marble floor had been polished within no time at all.
“Let’s start Grigor,” said Evegart in a voice that would make thunder go crying to its mother, “I have an important job for you, we have an opportunity to expand our company and I want you to head up the division in charge. We are going to expand into the new world; our latest land to conquer in a financial capacity will be New Zealand.” This visibly angered Grigor. “Calm down, world war five is over. We need to embrace this change, they control almost the entire east now.”
How on earth the superpowers in the west overlooked that a country with a population of only four million would need fifty million sheep with no ulterior motives was beyond Grigor. But the thought of the ensuing bloodbath lowered the temperature of even his ice cold blood. However, he was one of the best financiers in the galaxy, and no challenge was too big for him. “I'll do it” he growled back.
“As a sign of trust with the country I’m also installing the Heart of the Dragon King there. As you’ve seen we’re also under attack regularly, this is the second time this month these clowns have tried getting the Heart. As such the new headquarters has an impenetrable basement, it should be much safer there.”
“Are you sure? The Heart is the most powerful object in the universe. What about transit? That’s surely a point where someone will strike to get it.” Grigor asked.
“I’ve already got our strongest warriors on it, they should be heading off in about a month by aerolift. Will you be ready to leave about then? You have your own ship right?”
“Yeah I do, my crew should be able to get everything ready by then. I’ll need someone to cover for those TPS reports while I’m gone though”
    “I'll get Jones from HR to make the arrangements, if he's still alive.” Evegart replied, Grigor nodded his approval and a reasonably long pause ensued. Grigor shuffled awkwardly in his seat
    “Sir, can I ask a, um, bold question?” Grigor asked, unsure of his words and the sensitive nature with which he was planning to approach this subject. “It’s my men, I mean, it’s definitely not an issue, but they’re a little bit afraid, of this audit we‘re having.”
    “Grigor, fear is not always a weakness, just the right amount can sharpen the senses.” Evegart got up and walked behind his chair to look out of the huge window that comprised of the entire rear wall. Hands behind his back, his head high, he spoke to Grigor while facing away from him. “It is true, we will most definitely lose a few good men. But none will have given their positions in vain. We will fight this audit until the last man if we have to.” The sadness in his voice was palpable.
    “Some of the men have already informed their wives and children. I know Gorgoth the Man-crusher has his desk cleared already just in case. Yesterday I saw him catch a tear just before it became lost in his beard. He thinks no one saw, but I did, morale is low sir, what should I do?”
    Evegart turned around and looked at Grigor with a determined stare. “There is only one thing you can do.” He opened his laptop and swiveled it to face Grigor. “You’re going to have to forward this picture of a kitten dressed up like Mr. T to everyone in the department.”
    “I didn’t realise it had come to that,” Grigor said taken aback. “I thought… is there not another way?”
    “No, this is the only way. This is our last chance, do you understand?”
    “Yes, but those things are so annoying, and I’m going see it every time someone replies.” Grigor lamented.
    “Someone has to send it, and I believe in you Grigor, you’re a strong financier, I know you can take your mailbox being full of this spam for a week. Something a lesser man couldn’t cope with.”
    “That is true sir, I am their leader, and if sacrificing my mailbox is what needs to be done to fight this audit, then consider it done.” He stood up saluted, and turned around running out of the humongous office screaming. “You can send me junk mail, but you can never take my freedom…”
    Evegart saluted in the screaming figure as it sprinted out of his office, there goes the bravest man I have ever met, he thought to himself proudly.






 zombie ninjas

Andrew Nolan opened one eye slowly, the pain racking through his body was excruciating, and eventually he managed to open the other one as well. It didn't do him much good though; the view of the clean white tiled cleaning gave him just as much insight into where he was as it gave him with his eyes closed. 
Through the fog in his head he could hear voices around him. He tried turning his head but that wasn't going to happen. He saw a woman's face look down on him, and then he faded back into the darkness.

He properly awoke sometime later to the sound of steady beeping, finding he could move his neck, he rolled his head around to see that he was hooked up to a heart rate monitor. On the other side he could see sunlight streaming in through the open window along with a cool breeze that flowed gently over him. 
A white clothed doctor, with a stethoscope hanging around his neck, walked in absorbed in his clipboard, surprise shown on his face when he noticed Andrew looking up at him.
	“Oh hello, I didn't expect you to have woken up so soon, you had quite the incident” he said in a gentle tone, “The chainsaw managed to cut off both your hands, even though you got hit in the chest. That’s quite a feat! But as with every cloud, there is always silver lining. You now have fucking chainsaw arms dude! How awesome is that!”
 Looking down it appeared that he did have chainsaw arms, and as cool as they were, he thought longing to the last time he hugged someone, that feeling would never appear again. But then he thought about chainsaws, properly, and any girly emotions flushed out of his mind in a diesel driven furore of awesome chainsaw glory. 	
“Wow, thanks man.” He said breathlessly. He found it easier to move, and looked down at his chest, there wasn’t a single mark to show for the whole ordeal. “What happened? Shouldn’t I have scars or something?”
“Well that’s the odd thing, your vital signs are normal, and you appear to have healed up perfectly in about 24 hours. A colleague of mine reckons that the radiation from the chainsaw altered your genetic code. You seem to have an accelerated healing system now.”
“I think I read something like that before.” He moved his arms under the blanket, and they felt reasonable, heavier than before, but not aching or causing much pain. He pulled them out and stared in disbelief. At the end of each arm, where his hands should have been, were two chainsaws, each about a two foot long. He stared at them for a while, slowly moving them about, feeling the odd numb sensation they provided.
“It’s going to take you a while to get used to them, but I’m sure you’ll figure it out. Eating and drinking might be hard though.”
The invigorating adrenaline of how awesome the situation was made him recover almost instantly. Gingerly he sat up in the bed, swiveled his legs over the side and stood up. He had never felt better in his life. He chainsaw high-fived the doctor (mangling the poor man’s arm in the process) and left the hospital room.
	“Woah, you got better quickly!” the doctor shouted after him, nursing his hand. “Oh yeah, we sold your shop and all your possessions to pay for those chainsaws by the way! Sorry”,
	“Oh” replied Andrew. But he wasn't too bothered, with chainsaw arms, the world was his oyster. A flaming, golden Oyster.

Andrew Nolan had changed his name by deed poll to Chainsaw-boy. It was a month after the incident and he was living out of a cardboard box behind a seven-eleven in the downtown area of the city. Without hands it was quite difficult to get a job, and the only employable talent he had now was an uncanny ability to make ice sculptures. This was completely useless in a city where the average temperature is 25 degrees.
	He managed to get by on the pity of strangers, and from royalties he received from taking part in a documentary about freaks. Feeling less awesome about chainsaw arms than he once did, he curled up inside a fairly worn box, which once housed a reasonably sized plasma TV, and had his afternoon nap.
Meanwhile, across town, Grigor and intern Dave were taking the super awesome fun slip and slide down to the basement parking lot of the Viking Bank Financiers Bureau. Today was the day they were to embark on their sail around the world, to the distant and magical lands of New Zealand, to oversee building work on the new eastern division headquarters. 
They flew down from the 150th floor screaming all the way before shooting out of the tube into the basement car park. As they climbed the ladder out of the ball pit that comprised the soft landing of the two hundred mile an hour slip and slide, Grigor looked menacingly at the valet. The gangly teenager noticed this sign immediately and rushed off to acquire Grigor's vehicle. 
Minutes later he returned in the armoured, personalised tank that was Grigor's quick journey vehicle. As with everything in Grigor's life, the tank was awesome, it had the world's biggest spoiler, spinners on gear wheels that ran the vehicle’s gold plated tracks, it had nuclear missile launchers mounted on top with a fully working gun turret attached, and, it was constantly on fire. Hopping into the tank he and intern Dave did the first thing any man should do when entering any car, put on some fucking rock music.
With Kiss blaring out at a hundred and fifty decibels (which was hard to hear over the top of Grigor's awful singing) they blazed through the city at over a thousand miles an hour, smashing everything out of their way without prejudice; old people, young people, sports cars, trucks, he simply didn't care. As they passed a waiting police car, officer Bill Stevens turned to his co-officer.
	“Did you see that Stevens!” he exclaimed.
	“Yeah, I did.” Officer Stevens Bill replied, “There goes a real man, we could do with some more like him on the force”.
	“Never a truer word spoken mate” Bill Stevens replied, and with that they went back to playing Monopoly, flaming Monopoly.
Grigor finished off the last of his bottle of rum and threw the finished bottle out of the top-hatch of the moving vehicle.  “Why is the rum always gone? He thought to himself, while perusing this thought Intern Dave kept rolling the window down, then up, then he started fiddling with the equalisation of the CD player, then he put his feet on the dashboard. The only thing bothering him more than a lack of booze now, was Intern Dave, Grigor thought he was a complete dick”
	“What the fuck dude? You totally just said that, in like, third person, what’s wrong with you? You weren't thinking any of that! Also I'm not a dick, I've been working for you for five years! I’m not even an intern, I’m a manager, and only one promotion below your ass!” Intern Dave replied angrily.
	“Shut the fuck up” Grigor told him, “we're making a detour, I need more crunk juice”
	“Haven't you had enough already? I mean you're driving for god sake!”
	“The day I take advice from you is the day I wake up dead” Grigor smashed the tank into the front window of the nearest liquor store and put it into neutral. “Here, watch the car” he growled as he clambered out of the top hatch.
	While Grigor was at the counter being served by a very shaken up and flaming shopkeeper, he noticed Intern Dave walking away down the main street. He sprinted over to him and grabbed him by the arm.
	“What are you doing? Get in the car!” Grigor expectorated into his face.
	“Seriously, Fuck you, I'm doing what I should've done years ago, joining the damn circus! I don't need this kind of crap” and with that Circus Dave walked off into the glimmering sunset, which was odd, because it was still only ten in the morning. But the universe is ruled by karma, and every whiney quitter bitch needs one moment of getting their point across with the aid of visual stunnery at some point in their sorry life.
This left Grigor with a moral dilemma, on the one hand he hated to waste anything especially the extra space on his ship he had for Circus Dave. But you should never shoot down another man's dreams, especially if those dreams involve tight rope walking above flaming Lions.
 Grigor looked around for a suitable replacement for Circus Dave, but everyone in their right mind had fled from the horrible warpath of destruction that had besotted their fair city. Looking around he spotted movement over by a large flaming pile of rubble. 
A very deranged tramp staggered out from underneath the rubble, looking shocked. What really caught Grigor's eyes about this particular individual however were the chainsaws he had for arms, those were definitely cool. He would make a good replacement.
	“You!” he shouted at Chainsaw-boy “Get in the car!” And thus began the wondrous partnership of Chainsaw-boy and Grigor the Destructionator!







A solid hope


Across the galaxy, on an asteroid floating around the universe at fifty million miles an hour, Harvey Jackson was finding out the hard way that having room-mates was nowhere near as fun as he thought it would be.  
He’d decided to live on an asteroid as a way to see the universe along with having somewhere stable to live and work. What he didn’t realise though was that almost everyone else on the rock were either wanted fugitives or hiding from something. What he also didn’t realise was that prime real estate was called prime for a reason, and his computer programming job would only get him a room at a push.
So he found himself, at the age of 23, sharing a house with a smuggler without a working ship and a neurotically criminal German mastermind by the names of Indy and Herstaff.
For starters, they hated each other, but never actually said anything to each other about it, if there were awards for passive aggression these two would have been the biggest winners. But, if you hate something hard enough that hate can sometimes blossom into fleeting love, and at these times they 'forgot' to tell Harvey that were going to the cinema or they told him that  there was only enough room for two people in the super-secret clubhouse. He’d sneaked into the secret clubhouse (the spare room) one day and decided there was easily enough room for 3 or 4 people. The ostracism hurt, but it was something he was used to.
Today was not a secret clubhouse kind of day though. “Who haz used ze last of meine butter!? INDY! INDY!?” Herstaff paced through the house shouting.
	Harvey looked up from his newspaper and spoke to the German over the back of the sofa “Sorry, but it was me Herstaff, I'll pick some more up when I drop into the shop tomorrow, but um, any chance you can pay me back the money you owe me? You know, for the electric bill?”
	“Oh meine days, How many timez do I haz to tell you, I vill get ze money soon, my latest plan has nearly paid off!”
	“You've been saying that for the past month” Harvey retorted irritably.
	“Well look at zis” Herstaff pulled out, from the man-bag slung over one shoulder, what had to be the most blindingly intricate and dazzlingly brilliant gemstone Harvey had ever seen, it was the shape of an anatomically correct heart and about the size of an average man’s torso. Light danced off the ventricles that protruded from the top of the gemstone like industrial pipes. Deep inside its ruby core he could see a rhythmic pulse of red, softly dimming and brightening, as if the stone was still alive and beating.
	“It iz ze heart of ze late Dragon King Stephan ze third. Stephan was ze last of ze old dragons slain by zat fluerenkumpfe. King Argennon…” he almost spat the words in his distaste “I had meine lovely robot soldiers steal it in ze transit outside New Zealand from those Viking Bank bitches, when zis bad boy is up on eBay you vill get your money Harvey I promise. Now vould you like me to fix you up a sandviche und a koffe?”
	“Ok, but I really do need that money, the banks are all over me as it is” At that point Indy strode into the room.
	“Did someone just call me? Uh, I was busy um.. fixing the uh.. hyper drive system? What do ya need?” Herstaff glared at him without saying a word and turned away to open the fridge. Indy stood there, looking bemused and slightly angry. 
	Harvey attempted to defuse the situation before it got out of hand again. “It was nothing, just a misunderstanding. Um,” He paused, thinking of the best way to phrase the next sentence without starting an argument or a hissy fit. “While you're here, could you possibly do some of your washing please? It’s been there for ages, and look” Harvey pointed at the sink, where one dish had grown so much mould it had appeared to become sentient. On quite disgusting fungus legs it stood up, took a look around and dived out of the open kitchen window in a bid for freedom. 
	“I really would but I’m really busy at the moment, you’ve picked a really bad time, I’ve got loads of other things to do.”
	“To be honest I haven’t picked this time for you, you should be doing it anyway!” Harvey was beginning to lose patience.
	“Why are you always telling me what to do? It’s not like it’s even affecting anyone.” Indy said, on the defensive.
	“The other day a saucepan called me a wanker, I think that’s a sign it’s gone too far.”
	“Well, you should clean it if it’s such an issue. Don’t forget whose ship we use to go places, I might consider not letting you use it if you keep making me do things.”
	Harvey had concluded that Indy was a little girl, and quite spoilt to boot, so he decided to give up on finding a correct solution to the washing debacle today. “Whatever, just do it soon. Please.”
“You know what? I’ll do it my own damn time, I’m fed up of you asking me to do things.” Indy was now very riled up, and began mimicking Harvey’s accent and tone “Indy, pay your bills! Indy, don’t play rave music loudly at 4 in the morning! Indy, Indy, do this, do that!” He then diverted his attention to Herstaff “And you Herstaff, you’re always plotting and planning. You never have enough time to show me some damn affection. If I wasn't in a legally binding short hold lease agreement I'd take the Century Hawk and haul my ass off this godforsaken rock like there was no damn tomorrow.”
“The Century Hawk doesn’t even fly.”
Under his breath, but loud enough for everyone to hear, he muttered, “I’m surrounded by idiots.” Harvey didn’t have the courage to point out the irony in this statement. Indy then stopped, and walked over to the ornate gemstone sitting forebodingly on the dining table. “What is this? Is this the Dragon Heart?!”
“Vell, if you're finished being a bitch, yes it zis, but you cannot touch it, it iz meine!” Herstaff replied.
	“This is one of the six pieces of awesome. I mean, wow, I never thought I’d ever actually see a piece” A sense of awe gleamed through his voice. This awe quickly turned to confusion “but, doesn’t this belong to Argennon the Barbarian King?” Confusion soon turned to dread. “What have you done? They’ll come here, and most probably cause structural damage, in the best case scenario we lose our deposit! Worst case, our lives.”
	“Do not vorry so much, it vas Lord Evegart whom I… um… acquired this from, perfectly legally ov course.”
	Indy eyed him warily, “I hope you know what you’re doing, these pieces of awesome are ancient and powerful, not something to be toyed with.”
	“yes yes,” Herstaff waved his hand nonchalantly at Indy, “I hav done zis plenty of times before, I assure you it vill be vine”
	“Whatever you do, don’t get the house trashed, I can’t afford to lose the deposit.” Harvey said getting up off the sofa. “I’m going to go play some computer games, I’ll catch you guys later.”
	“See you” Herstaff and Indy replied.
Harvey was still concerning himself with the mention of structural damage. How did I end up in this position? Maybe I'll find a nice girl who'll take me away from these two loons, he thought, preferably with big boobies, boobies are nice.
Far away the solar winds of Parsenius Five heard his wish and great magic began to stir....
Not quite as far away, on Earth II, something else was also stirring…

***

Chainsaw-boy had just finished throwing up the last bits of their dinner over the side of the wooden pirate boat. They’d been at sea for a week, and it wasn’t getting any easier for Chainsaw Boy, he still didn’t know why they hadn’t travelled by aerolift. Grigor had said something about the aerolift not being righteous enough. 
	Chainsaw Boy was getting settled in on the boat, and getting used to having chainsaw arms. Although they made a lot of things harder, and he hadn’t come across a situation where they made it any easier, he was still chuffed with the way things had turned out.
	He was getting used to Grigor as well, while not being sure that travelling with a band of murderously crazy finance advisors was a wise life decision. He’d decided to dump these guys the first chance he could in new Zealand and start a new life, maybe as a lumberjack, that seemed a fairly apt course for his life to take.
	Chainsaw-boy was looking wistfully out to sea when Grigor came smashing through a door and out onto the poop-deck holding a mobile phone to his ear.
	“WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU LOST IT? ROBOTS? I'LL GIVE YOU SOMETHING WORSE THAN ROBOTS TO WORRY ABOUT, NAMELY MY FIST, JUSTICE!” The sails on the mast quivered in fear, but the wind, not willing to feel Grigor's wrath as well, decided to pick up the pace, the sails tugged taut and pushed the boat faster across the sea. When he finished his call he threw the phone far out to sea in anger.
	“Is everything alright?” Chainsaw-boy asked.
	“No, Skwisfellgar is just a complete idiot, and has massively fucked up everything.” He took a big puff on the blunt he had to hand, held his breath and let out big cloud of Mary-J. “You know what, I don’t even care, I’m sure everything will work itself out” he started giggling, “it’s not like the Dragon Heart is the most powerful item in the universe or anything! Do you want some?” He offered the blunt to Chainsaw boy.
	“I’m alright thanks, I feel queasy enough as it is.”
“Suit yourself, I’m going to go listen to rap music.” With that he jumped onto his tame tiger that was lounging around on the deck, and rode it off towards his personal quarters at the front of the boat.
Chainsaw-boy went back to looking out at the sea, he was thinking about what to make of Grigor, he seemed nice enough, and he’d given him an opportunity that no one else would have done. But Chainsaw-boy had a feeling that he meant nothing to Grigor, in fact, he doubted that anyone in the world meant much to the smartly dressed barbarian. 
His train of thought was rudely interrupted by a firm hand grabbing his shoulder and spinning him around. He was staring into the face of a middle-aged pirate captain whom was dressed rather stereotypically, he had a black eye-patch offset to the left of a broken nose, a grey eye the other side of the aforementioned nose and a white bushy beard. This was accompanied by long white hair, braided on several strands that flowed out from a tricorn hat. The face was odd however, the man didn’t appear to be old, more like he’d been shocked by lightning, and Chainsaw-boy got the distinct impression that this man was wiser than he looked.
	“I don't like the look of you, or those fancy arms of yours… boy” he said meanly.
	“Yeah, faggot!” squawked the racist parrot perched on his shoulder. “We’ve got our eyes on you.”
	“Shut up Patrice, you can’t say that word, use the term asshole or something else generic instead.” The pirate spoke out of the corner of his mouth at the bird, trying to maintain the grimace he’d adopted for this encounter.
	“Fuck you, cum dumpster!”
	“Woah, that’s a little bit too harsh, and maybe worse than the previous slur. Just tone it down a bit.” The pirate said, slightly unnerved.
	“I’ll cut you cracker! I’ll smash your CD rack, won’t get none of your CD’s back!” The parrot squawked.
	“I guess that’ll do, even though I’m pretty certain no one uses CDs now, anyway” he coughed to regain his menacing demeanor. “I don’t like the look of you.”
	“Ok, look.” Chainsaw-boy replied “I’ve got fucking chainsaws for arms, I'm 37 and I have nothing to live for, I'll kill you without even thinking about it... boy”
	“Well, when you put it that way, I like your balls. We should be friends, I'm Napalm Explosionface, master of seas, and this is my parrot, Parrot Explosionface. He hates everyone, and don’t leave anything valuable lying about, he’ll either steal it, or smash it.”
	“What’s with you, why didn’t you just introduce yourself nicely?”
	Napalm thought for a minute. “I don’t really know, that’s just sort of how I’ve always introduced myself, it’s the done thing y’know.”
	“Well you should try a different tack next time” Chainsaw-boy was a little bit disappointed, that would’ve been his first chance to try out the new arms. “Are you the captain of this ship? I’ve seen you doing a lot of shouting.”
	“Aye, I’ve been running this hunk 'a' trash since 400 B.C.” He paused for effect, the parrot on his shoulder, well trained gasped dramatically. “I hear you, how could that possibly be true Napalm? That would make you 4000 years old!”
	“I wasn’t really thinking that at all, sounds quite a reasonable age to be, I’ve certainly seen odder things” Chainsaw boy replied stoically.
	His lack of surprise took Napalm by surprise, gathering himself, he continued as if chainsaw Boy hadn’t actually said anything. “Yes, that’s right! I'm an immortal pirate captain, although Grigor is technically the owner, I’m a little bit shit when it comes to gambling. However! I never used to be this way, I got bitten by a magical shark when I was working on a frigate during the first pirate-elf war. I’ve been impossible to kill since then. Unfortunately though my limbs don't grow back” He said, tapping his wooden leg on the floor.
	“Oh man, is that a guitar leg?” Chainsaw-boy exclaimed noticing the exposed machine head and fret board that made up Napalm's foot and shin.
	“Yeah, I’ve been playing ever since I met Hendrix back in '65, he gave me a few tips and I picked it up from there, I taught Metallica everything they know.”
	“Wow, you're kind of a living legend then?” Chainsaw Boy was feeling a little bit more respect for this ancient paragon of popular music.
	“Yes I am.” he said, “D’ya want to see something really awesome? Check this shit out.” Lighting up a spliff the size of a man's leg and holding it between his lips and standing on his good leg, he rolled up the opposite trouser leg to reveal an intricately ornate guitar leg. He leaned back, balancing expertly, and began to play. For the next thirty seconds his hands were a flaming blur, averaging out around 100 notes a second. He shredded like no mere mortal could shred. In response, the biggest killer whale Chainsaw-boy had ever seen launched itself up out of the sea and jumped over the boat, at the apex of its jump Napalm held his hand up and high-fived its car sized flipper. Then the killer whale was back in the sea on the other side of the boat, leaving only a few ripples on the surface to show it had ever been there.
Napalm calmly pulled his trouser leg back down and took the spliff out of his mouth. Chainsaw-Boy was speechless.
	“Yeah, you saw that, I'm best friends with the killer whales. Thannnnnkk yoouuuuuuuu” he called out to the whale in his deepest whale voice. The Whale surfaced alongside the boat and sprayed a fountain of water in a friendly response, and then it was gone.
	“Um… That was quite impressive, I don’t really know what to say.” Chainsaw-Boy said after regaining his composure.
	“Don’t say anything, just savour the moment.” Napalm took a deep breath, savouring the moment.
	“You know what, you seem like a nice guy so I have to ask a question I’ve been wondering about since I got on this boat.” Chainsaw-Boy looked around to make sure no one was eavesdropping and leaned in close to Napalm “Are we smuggling drugs?” he whispered.
	Napalm laughed uncontrollably, “Smuggling! Ha, that’s hilarious. This isn’t smuggling lad, this is all for personal use, so it’s all legal, and it gets really boring out at sea.” He pointed at a group of hacky-sack playing pirates in the shade made by the sails in the middle of the deck. “If we didn’t get high all the time those guys would’ve killed each other by now.”
	Chainsaw-Boy could hear them talking from where he was standing.
 	“Man, hacky sack is so good, it should be like, a real sport, like in the Olympics and on TV and stuff” said a tall, mean looking pirate.
 His hacky-sack playing accomplice thought for a few seconds then replied “True say dude, and also, Reggae is the best music. It could be the Olympic hacky-sack theme song or something. That would be radical.” 
	Chainsaw-Boy turned to Napalm, “I see what you mean, they don’t look like they could fight anyone at the moment. 
	“Yep, keeps the scamps out of trouble.” He went to shake Chainsaw-Boy’s hand, stopped awkwardly and retracted his hand after thinking twice about the situation. “Well, it’s been nice to meet you, I’ve got important pirate captain things to be doing so I’ll see you around.”
	“See you” Chainsaw-Boy said to Napalm as he walked away to the captain’s room at the back of the boat. I might as well kill some time, he thought to himself, picking up a big fat doobie with his mouth that had been left on top of a crate next to him. He lit it from the sparks made from grinding his arms together, leant back on the railing, took a deep breath of the spliff and soaked up the sun while the sounds of Bob Marley drifted serenely over the boat.






the republic strikes back


A joyous sound of glee woke up Harvey very early in the morning.  The thickly German accented whoop broke the serene silence that had maintained dominion over the abode for the previous few hours.
	What an asshole, he has no idea what the word respect even meant where Harvey’s first thoughts that day. Now he was up, and from the early morning sunlight drifting in through the thin curtains meant that he wasn’t going back to sleep. He walked down the stairs and into Herstaff’s room, still in his pyjamas.
	“Prima! Ze Dragon Heart haz been sold!” Herstaff said, jumping out of the computer chair with joy. “Now I need to pack it, and put it in ze post-tube”.
	The post in the universe was now run by the mega-giant corporation of Amrex co. like almost all amenities. The corporation’s capitalist ideals and ultimate control over ethnocentrically inclined economic systems was shady, and almost definitely on the darker side of the ethical spectrum, but it was useful. A tube in everyone's house was linked to straight to the post office to provide immediate postal deliveries.
	“Dude, what’s all the commotion about? It's 5.30 in the morning!” Harvey said as he entered Herstaff’s room, rubbing his eyes. “Have you been sitting there watching that auction for this whole week? We thought you’d gone on holiday!”
	“Ah, Harvey, one day you vill learn that eating and sleeping is for ze weak. But anyway, someone bought ze Dragon Heart! For twenty million space dimes! Now I can get ze Sex and the City box set on maroon-ray. “
	“You do know that the recession only makes those space-dimes worth about 50 normal pounds? It’s still enough for the box set though, I don't think they've sold a single copy.”
	“Definitely worth it, that series is ze best thing since sliced bread.” Herstaff started to get high pitched, “I can’t wait to follow their adventures! Oh, my, god, it’s going to be so good, I can make Appletini’s and everything!”
	“Um... are you sure you’re not gay? It’s perfectly acceptable if you are.”
	“Me? Gay? Uh, I have never been so offended! I can’t believe you’d lump me in with zat type of person!” Herstaff began pouting.
	“I’m sorry that I asked, I see now there is no way you could possibly be gay.” Harvey spoke under his breath, “just offensively homophobic for someone so camp.” 
	Herstaff began wrapping the Gemstone in bubble wrap, preparing it to go into the box he’d chosen to send it in.
	“Hey, do you mind if I look to see where it’s going to? It’s usually quite interesting to see the houses of the people who buy these things.”
	“Sure thing, just don’t mess around vit ze settings, or mess up meine facebook.”
	“I won’t” Harvey said while hiding his crossed fingers. He brought up the winner’s profile. DarkLordVolk@ng1789 is an awful name he thought to himself. After finding the delivery address he did a quick search and brought up a map of the area.
	The map showed a small highland planet in the Vorgon 5 system. This orbital planet only had one address on it so Harvey zoomed in. This zoomed map showed a large plateau with a sharp cliff forming a straight line divide across one side of the map. A mountain range arched from the north end of the cliff, and joined back up on the south side of the cliff. These features made a natural raised basin about 50 kilometers wide, filled with several lakes. In the exact middle point of the cliff, overlooking the basin, was a massively square black portion of the map.
	Herstaff walked past the computer on his way to put the box in the post tube. He opened the door and put the box inside the machine that looked like a microwave with a tube that extended from the top and out onto the wall. He punched in the address into the console on the front of the machine, a timer lit up on the console and started counting down. He walked back over to Harvey and stood behind him.
	Harvey zoomed in even more to the street level, where he virtually looked up at the fortress-castle he’d seen on the map earlier.
	Suddenly a cold chill filled the room. A lightning flash filled lighted up the sky outside the window and the sound of thunder shook the foundations of the house.
	The image on the screen was of the largest, blackest castle in the galaxy. It was covered in hundreds of black spires towering up into the sky. The air above the castle was thick with thunder and flame. Surrounding the castle was a moat of pure lava filled with giant robot sharks. The driveway up to the castle gates was a thin ridge over the moat. The gate was a massive guillotine, ridged with fire. Perched on the top of the tower was the biggest, blackest dragon either of them had ever seen.
	“Oh, that must be the owner of the castle” Harvey said pointing to the screen. Sure enough, where he was pointing there was the shape of a massive man, wearing head to toe black armour. His helmet and shoulders made the appearance of knives pointing up into the sky. The eye sockets were just void-like pits. In both hands were two massive, shiny black bags he was dropping just outside the gate.
	“Lookz like he iz putting ze rubbish out. Vell, he must be a caring man, I'm glad ze heart iz going to him.” Herstaff said rather uncertainly. At that moment Indiana walked in the room.
	“Did anyone else hear that thunder?” he noticed the loaded post-tube, “oh, looks like you sold the heart, who bought it in the end?”
	“Ah, zis fellow” Space-Hitler said pointing to the screen.
	“My god, not him! He's supposed to be dead! This is awful, it hasn't gone yet has it? You can't sell it to him!”
	“Vhy not? You can’t tell me vot to do!”
	“Do you not know who that is? That's Lord Volkang! A man so evil he refuses to die. He was the cause of the last interstellar war, the men and elves had to join forces to defeat him, and they barely did that! When he was caught, a thousand years ago, his body was destroyed and spread far into the universe. His evil must've manifested back into a solid form! With the Dragon Heart… he would have enough power to take control of the whole universe!”
	“Oh, vell, zat is a good enough reason I guess. I vill find a reason to fob him off and refund him”
	Herstaff went over to switch off the post tube, when he was nearly there the post-tube beeped and the parcel went flying up and out of the house with a heavy 'fwoom' sound. Indy stood still, racked with shock. An awkward silence hung in the air.
	“He might not be zat bad...?” Space-Hitler said a bit sheepishly.
	“No” Harvey interjected “Look here, in the dictionary, under Lord Volkang it says: Pure evil, do not allow this man any magical artifacts, especially not the heart of a Dragon King.” he pointed to a page in the large book he had opened. 
	“Oh shit” Indy said coming back to reality “We need to stop that parcel!”
	He went over to the armoury lockers and pulled out three laser blasters, threw one to Herstaff and Harvey, then told them to don their jet-packs.
	“Why do we need all these weapons?” Harvey asked.
	“Have you ever been to a post office?” Indy asked abruptly, he wasn’t in the mood for this.
	“Um, no, I haven’t.”
	“Well, we don't have two days free to stand around filling in forms do we? The fate of the universe is in our hands, we have to do this the hard way”.
	They made their way up the stairs to the rooftop terrace of the apartment, and launched off against the backdrop of the comet’s dual sunrise.
***

Chainsaw-Boy was startled awake by a face full of cold seawater.
	“What the hell, I was having the most awesome dream about this unicorn.”
	“Shut up” Grigor ordered, standing over his wooden bed in the ship's hull “what the hell are you wearing?”
	“Oh man, these are my sesame street pyjamas, check it out, they've got Big Bird and Elmo on them and everything!” Said an epileptically fit inducing multi-coloured Chainsaw Boy.
	“How old are you?”
	“39 month after next.” Grigor gave him a very unapproving look.
	“Whatever, look, our plans have changed. The Dragon Heart was going to be the source of power and the locked away in maximum security at our new headquarters. Unfortunately, as you know, it got stolen in transit. Obviously Skwisfellgar and his men are completely incompetent, so we have to go get the heart back ourselves.”
	“Okay, remind why I'm doing this with you?”
	“You're my sidekick, the idea is that you'll die before me in any assassination attempt, allowing me enough forewarning to fight back. You also need to get good at wisecracking. Now get up. We've got work to do” with that Grigor got up and roller-skated out onto the deck of the rocking ship.
	Chainsaw-Boy got out of his bed and considered the situation. Admitting that he had only joined the crew in order to get a free ride to New Zealand would undoubtedly get him killed. On the other hand, going along with Grigor would undoubtedly get him killed.
	He mulled over the conundrum while in the shower. It seemed there wasn’t anything he could really do, they were out in the middle of the ocean, too far to swim away, Chainsaw-Boy wasn’t even sure he could swim anymore with his new arms. He could stick around on this quest and escape when he got the chance, or actually join the quest seriously. Maybe that was his calling in life he thought to himself, after his shower he decided that he would go with Grigor.
	After dressing (one of the more difficult tasks Chainsaw-Boy came across in his new life) he walked out of his cabin and onto the early morning sun on the deck, hoping that he’d made the right decision. At the other end of the boat he saw a large crowd of people, all murmuring and talking at each other.
	Everyone on the ship was standing in a crowd around Napalm Explosionface, who was standing on top of a barrel of rum. Who stamped his wooden leg on the floor until he had everyone’s attention.
	“Look ye scurvy dogs, we need to go into hyperspace, I got the drive ready this morning, and we blast off in 10 minutes, get those hatches battened! And the poop deck swabbed. Jones you’re on swabbing duty, Michaels, you’re on battening duty! Get to it lads!”  As he hopped down from the barrel the crew sprang into action, closing hatches and swabbing poop.
	This left Chainsaw-boy, Grigor and Napalm standing on the deck amidst a flurry of action and people.
	“Where are we heading then guys?” Chainsaw-boy asked.
	“The Dragon Heart turned up on a very popular auction website, which, for copyright reasons, we’ll call DBay. We hacked the account using a binary SQL code, rerouted through the virtual network, and found out that it’s currently on an asteroid in the Belarus region. Luckily it’s about 12 hour’s hyper-travel from here, so we're heading there now” Grigor told him gruffly.
	“That doesn’t make sense, the Belarus system is up,” Chainsaw-Boy pointed towards the stars, “and boats can only go perpendicular to that,” he pointed at the horizon, following it all the way until he’d done a full spin.
	“This ship is capable of hyper-travel, it was modified to do so a few years ago, all prototype stuff. I believe it’s the only flying pirate ship in the universe.” Grigor told him smugly.
	“Well, I'm going to go finish off the preparations, get ready, we jump in 8.” Napalm walked off towards the helm of the ship, but called back over his shoulder a few feet away. “Chainsaw-boy, go pull up some more of that tasty green and some grog from the galley for me, I won’t be able to leave the helm for a while”
	“Ok” Chainsaw-boy called back “what are you going to do Grigor?” he said turning to the barbarian.
	“Good question” Grigor thought about this for a moment. “I’ll either, start a fight with a bear. Or, do tons of drugs.”
	“Oh good, have fun with that, I’ll be in the galley.”
	“I will do, see you later.” Grigor was thinking about whether Chainsaw-Boy would make a good sidekick. On the one hand he had chainsaw arms, that was a plus. On the other hand he didn’t join in the bear-baiting or drug taking because of something called ethics. That would have to change if he was to be the best sidekick.
	Down in the galley, Chainsaw-boy quickly found the boxes he was looking for, considering that grog and weed was all they had taken with them. Just as he was about to leave the galley with the boxes he heard a noise further back in the dark of the galley.
	“Who's there!” he shouted back into the darkness, but received no response. He put the boxes down and decided to investigate further.
	 As he went to the back of the galley the scuffling noise he heard was getting louder. He noticed a foot wearing a high heeled shoe sticking out underneath a sack. He pinched the sack with his chainsaw arms and pulled it off in one swift movement.
	Under the sack was a very beautiful woman. She was Italian looking with tanned skin, taller than the average and dark long hair. She looked very bedraggled however, as if she'd been living in the hull of a ship for the last week.
	“Who are you?” Chainsaw-Boy demanded.
	“Please do not tell them I am here. I am a lesbian supermodel, and I wanted to make my fortune in the new world of New Zealand” she pleaded with him.
	“Well, I’m sorry, but we've had a change of plan. We're heading off to the edge of the galaxy on a highly dangerous mission that’ll most probably lead to the death of everyone involved.”
	Despair was shown on her beautiful face. “You mean we are not travelling to the United States of New Zealand?”
	“Yep, well, you can't get off now, and if you're going to be stuck with us, I'm sure we can find you some space upstairs. You'll have to work for your travel though.” Chainsaw-Boy held a stern look, which was completely overshadowed by the large red blushing patches growing on his cheeks.
	“And why should I trust you?” she asked, looking up at him from the floor.
	“Chainsaw arms” he said showing her his arms.
	“Oh, I see, that is the mark of a true man, I will trust you” she said fluttering her eyes in a way that made him blush even more.
	Before he could reply the ship's hyper drive kicked in and filled the galley with the thunderous noise of the engines. They both walked over to the windows and watched the slanted blue horizon get wider, then land could be seen breaking the clean line it had provided, and soon they were in the clouds. In no time at all they were high above the earth and flying away, watching it get smaller and smaller until it was a faint speck of blue, a long, long way away.
	“My name's Illana, by the way.”
	“I’m Chainsaw-Boy.” He said, looking into her eyes.






return of the bear


“Ah damn” Indy shouted as he threw his blaster rifle to the floor. They had landed in front of the post office just in time to see the door closed and the sign hanging in the window flipped from 'open' to closed. All of their pointing to the rifles and banging on the door just got them an evil look from attendant drearily sweeping up the empty office.
	“What kind of post office closes at 10? Seriously, this is ridiculous, it’s not even lunchtime!” Harvey shouted to the door.  In a quest to balance budgets with the post-tubes in everyone’s homes, all post offices were only open for an hour per day.
	“Maybe this vill all just go away?” Herstaff said quietly.
	“Look, you got us into this mess and you're sure as hell going to fix it” Indy retorted sharply. “We only have one choice, go to the Vorgon 5 system and get it back before the whole galaxy gets destroyed”.
	As he said this a great post carrying cruiser lifted up from behind the post office, it's thrusters producing an ear crushing roar. As it rose it angled up towards the sky and accelerated outwards into space.
	“Damn, we're going to have follow that thing aren't we?” Harvey exclaimed dejectedly “But we don't have a ship”
	“Well... I do, but it needs a replacement Hyper-Drive core, and the only one on this stinking asteroid is owned by that junk Baron, Von Gogh, and he's not definitely not into just giving things away. I guess we need to go pay him a visit,” Indy fired up his jet-pack while the others followed suit.
They landed a few minutes later in the industrial side of town. It was more like a ghost town, without a living soul in sight. The whole area was filled with great big rusting warehouses, this gave the whole area a brown and orange hue of degradation.
As they walked down the dusty silent roads between the great hulking shells of the old factories they felt watched. This was because they were being watched. No one entered Baron Von Gogh's territory without him knowing about it.
Eventually they came up to a rather discreet warehouse in the middle of the industrial estate. The only thing that made this warehouse stand out from all the other rusting buildings was a large bear motif sprayed on to the front of it. The bear was giving a large thumbs up and underneath the words 'Happy Bear Salmon Co.' were sprayed in large pink letters.
	“Are you sure this is it Indy? It doesn't look like the cess-pool of the modern world you mentioned on the way over here. In fact, I think it looks rather nice” Harvey remarked.
	“Well, you haven't seen inside it have you? So shut up and follow my lead” He banged on the heavy industrial roller door 3 times, paused and knocked again twice. A gruff and graying bear’s head poked out of window above the door, looked down on them and shouted.
	“What do you want?” its accent was laden with a French twinge.
	“We're here to see the Baron” Indy replied to him.
	“No one sees the Baron, no way, no how!”
	“They learnt English from old American TV shows” Indy whispered to the others, he then looked up at the bear and called out. “Look, don't make me come up there! I need to speak to him now, tell him it's Indy”.
	“Mon dieu” it grumbled, “I will pass the message on, but if you’re wasting my time I will come at you with furious anger!” The bear's head popped back inside, a few minutes later it re-appeared, “ok you can go in, but do not touch a thing!”
	The double sized roller door rolled up to create an archway that lead into the open interior of the warehouse. The trio tentatively passed under the archway and into the gloom. 
It took Harvey's eyes a second to respond the dim light that barely illuminated the inside of the large space. What he saw was quite a shock, there were a few hundred armoured bears hanging around the warehouse, in-between massive piles of scrap metal. Some were playing cards, others were drinking and swearing profusely, he even thought he saw a breakdancing competition going down further back. Most of the bears were wearing berets, and a few had garlic cloves strung round their neck. Harvey leaned over to Indy as they stood side by side.
“Isn’t this very stereotypical?” he whispered.
“Nope, it’s called tradition, French bears are a very proud race, so don’t say anything bad about their food or football.”
	Most of the bears didn’t seem to notice, or appear to be bothered, with the newcomers to the warehouse. However, several were staring intently at them, one particular bear who was sharpening his claws on an angle grinder gave a rather murderous look.
	The intimidating atmosphere caused by this murderous intent was broken sharply by the opening of a door to their left. The same bear that had opened the shutters was standing in the extra-large doorway.
	“Garçon, le Baron is expecting you.” The Bear that had opened the door told them, “this way”. He turned around and into the stairway the door opened into.

	Their bear guide led them up some stairs and into a small reception room. From behind the white washed brick walls they could the sound of heavy machine and the crashing of scrap metal. The bear stopped in the reception area and pointed to a single couch flanked by small palm trees facing the only door in the room.
	“Please wait here, le Baron will see you shortly.” He tilted his upper body slightly forward in a half assed bow and headed off, back down the stairs he’d brought them up. No sooner had they sat down then a muffled shout of ‘come in’ could be heard from behind the door.
“Welcome gentlemen” A twirly moustached man was standing by a window that overlooked the massive piles of crap in the warehouse. He was wearing a top hat and monocle, as if he’d just walked out of an old western film, complete with a long jacket and an ornate pistol hanging from his waist. The man had a thick, southern America type drawl “Please put those blaster rifles down over in the corner there, you won’t need them here. And I hope y’all appreciate the pleasantries I’m showing you, drink?” He inquired, holding up his own glass of whiskey. 
	“No, I’m good thanks.” Indy replied, walking over to the corner of the room, the other two members of the party also shook their heads quietly. They had both decided to leave the talking to Indy, as he seemed to already know the Baron in some capacity. After putting their jet-packs and blaster rifles down, the Baron gestured to the waiting chairs facing his desk. They sat down.
	“We were hoping that you could give us a hyper drive core.” Indy told him.
	“What do you have to trade for it?” The Baron asked quizzically, settling himself into a rather lavish chair behind his cluttered desk.
	“Well, nothing to be honest, Herstaff will be getting a very interesting TV series box set soon that I’m sure he’d be happy to give away to you.” Indy glared at Herstaff, who timidly shook his head. “Apart from that, we we’re hoping you’d just give it to us.” 
	“And why would I do that?”
	“The fate of the world is in danger and the hopes of the world rest on us getting this core.”
	“Well, isn't that a fine situation to be in, and what do I get?”
	“Freedom, and the knowledge you helped save the world.” 
The Baron twirled one side of his handlebar moustache, and looked pensively for a second into his glass before looking back up. “That doesn’t sound very appealing, no deal.”
	“Look, we’ve both owed each other in the past, and we’ve always paid the other back, do me this favour dammit!” Indy was starting to become enraged, but the Baron seemed nonplussed about this.
	“Maybe you can do something for me, in exchange for the core. I used to have a sporting partner who is currently… how should I put this, Unavailable. If you take his place and beat me I will give you the core, no strings attached. You have my word” The Baron put one hand over his heart.
	“Ok, if there isn’t any other option, we'll do it. We need to get going today though, so which sport is it?”
	The Baron drunk the last of his whiskey. Slammed the empty glass down on the table, and looked straight at the sitting trio with a crazy glint in his eye. “Bear Explosion Ball”
	Herstaff gulped, while Indy stood up and stared straight back at him “It’s on!” 
	“What’s Bear Explosion Ball?” Harvey asked quietly from his chair. He was quite certain that whatever it was, he wasn’t going to like it.

***

Harvey gripped onto his bear mount's glossy hair tight, this was easily the scariest thing he'd ever done. On his behest, Indy had gone through the rules and the aim of the game several times with him, but even with these multiple explanations, he refused to believe such a sport existed, until now he was actually playing it.
	Bear Explosion Ball was a cross between horse-riding, basketball and danger. Two teams of three bear-mounted players attempted to put a stick of dynamite in the other team’s net, in a very similar manner to basketball. The court was identical to a basketball court and the match started with a lit stick of dynamite being dropped through a hole in the ceiling into the centre of the court. The dynamite detonated either on a point being scored or when the thirty second long fuse ended, at which point the start process was repeated for fifty sticks of dynamite. The main difference between this and Basketball is that you could move while holding the dynamite in Bear Explosion Ball.
	The point scoring for Bear Explosion Ball was simple, 1 point for a dunk, and 3 points for the dynamite being thrown in the net. This was because the bears they were riding were about 7 foot tall anyway, so everyone was at slam dunking height, and it’s much harder to throw accurately when trying to stay on top of an angry, moving bear.
	Harvey was now riding a large brown grizzly bear called Claude, he had been sitting quite happily on the bench watching the action. That was until their extra team member, that the Baron had provided them with, exploded. Harvey had nervously climbed up on top of his bear, said a quick prayer, and entered for the last part of the match.
	They had held off for quite a while by keeping the score level, and so far only one of the Baron's anonymous henchmen had been blown up. But now the clock was running down and the baron was up 3 points, and worst of all, gloating.
	“Yeah suck these balls bitches!” he shouted from atop his might steed “Boom!” Making in-appropriate gestures to his own crotch. With 2 dynamite sticks left on the counter Indy called a time out.
	“Huddle up guys!” standing in a tight circle Indy laid out their plan of action. “We need the three points to level at the least guys. Herstaff, take this next stick, sink it to level, I know you can do it! Then I’ll grab the next one, and do a safety dunk for the win. Harvey, stay up by the Baron’s net and give me support.” The bears they were riding grunted their approval. “Team beard of Zeus go!” They all put their hands in the middle of the circle and repeated the chant.
	As the match restarted Herstaff grabbed the dynamite, passed across court to Indy. Herstaff's bear-mount charged down the outside and round Indy, just in time for him to grab the overhead pass that Indy threw to confuse the other team. Herstaff took a second to compose himself, leaned back and threw the dynamite. It sailed through the air gracefully, looking as if it was going to stay up there for ever. Eventually it came down with a swish through the net. Now they were level, with one dynamite left.
	The Baron grabbed the final dynamite as it fell, just out of Indy’s grasp. He then faked left around Herstaff and charged towards the net for a slam dunk. Just in time Indy's bear smashed into the side of the Baron's, throwing him off balance in a mix of blood and fur. He dropped the dynamite and Indy swung down dangerously from the side of his bear and snatched it out of the air. Indy’s plan had not worked at all, so he had to think fast, looking down the court he saw Harvey, un-marked, two thirds of the way towards the opposite net.
	“Harvey, Go!” he said as he threw it all the way down the court. Harvey managed to catch it clumsily with two hands, nearly falling off his mount in the process. As he looked up two of the Baron’s henchman were bearing down on him. He tugged at the bear’s left ear and the bear turned to face the goal net. He then tapped his heels on the bear’s flanks and they charged up the court.
	The bear lumbered quickly towards the net, the two black bears almost within jaw-crushing distance of his rear. Harvey had a quick look at the fuse sticking up out of the stick he was holding and noticed it had almost burned down into the dynamite. He looked behind him and realised that there was no way they’d outrun the two bears chasing them, but they were so close. Harvey decided that they were going to win this match no matter what.
	He managed to stand up with one foot on the bear’s head and the other on his back. Just as the closest black bear dug his claws into the hind of Harvey’s bear and pulled him down, Harvey jumped from the bear, both hands outstretched to the net. He flew through the air, like a man fired from a cannon. There was no audience for this impromptu match, but if there was, they would be on the edge of their seats, and they would all be gasping. Harvey’s hands just broke the air above the perimeter ring of the net when he dropped the dynamite and grabbed the metal ring as he fell.
	As he hung from the net the Dynamite exploded on the on the floor below him. The imaginary crowd that was watching had sat completely silent on the edge of their chairs, but now they were all standing and cheering, the roar would’ve been deafening. But Harvey’s whoop of joy that it is was over and he was still alive, would’ve been heard even above the roar.
	Herstaff and Indy grinned at each other and high-fived while the Baron and his steed came lumbering over to him.
	“Well done lad, I thought you were the worst player I’d ever seen until you did that. Meet me in my office after we’ve all hit the showers.”
	Harvey stepped gingerly back on to the bear as it stood under the net. By the time he’d turned around Herstaff and Indy were running off towards the showers together giggling. 

***

	The intrepid trio were sitting in the same seats as before, in the same office as before, but all with towel-dried hair sticking out at odd angles. The Baron was signing letters of regret to be sent out to the family of the two henchmen who’d been killed in that afternoon’s friendly match. After he had finished writing his name he placed the quill back in its inkpot he looked up. 
	“You want a hyperdrive core then? You can have it, I am a man of my word. The bears will take it to your abode and fit it to the Century Hawk for you. I wish you all the best of luck in your mission. And if you ever come across anything valuable you need to sell again, come see me.” He winked at Herstaff, “I’m more reliable than the internet, and Indy, if you’re in the Kavoth constellation, drop in and say hello to ma for me.”
	“I will do Baron,” Indy replied. Harvey thought about this for a moment. He looked at Indy, and then back to the Baron and realised they look fairly similar, apart from the facial hair. 
“How do you guys know each other?” He said suspiciously.
	“Fellas, did he not tell you? We are brothers”. The Baron announced, opening his arms to enhance the point.
	“I thought you guys knew that.” Indy said, turning sideways in his chair to tell his compatriots.
	“Vat do you mean? How could ve tell that!” Herstaff said with indignation.
	“Yeah, you guys don’t act in the slightest like brothers! Why did you just tell us now?” Harvey added to Herstaff’s point.
	“Well, it allowed us to put in this gripping twist. When people re-tell this story in years to come, this will be a key plot revalation.” Indy explained to them.
	“You’re a dick, we most probably didn’t have to go through that stupid game of Bear Explosion Ball did we?” Harvey argued.
	“Nope, I could’ve swayed him,” the Baron nodded in agreement with this point. “But that would have been really boring.”
	“I give up, let’s just get this hyperdrive core on the century hawk and go after the Dragon Heart.” Harvey rose from his chair, grabbed his jet pack and rifle from the corner of the room, gave his polite thanks and a goodbye to the Baron and left the room. The others followed suit and left the warehouse to wait at their home for the Century Hawk to be fixed.







Brosef stalin


Illana had awkwardly agreed to a deal with Grigor in order to stay aboard the ship, and not have to walk the space-plank. He’d agreed to give her a room and food, in exchange for her doing the cooking and giving hygiene tips to the crew.  The only thing they’d eaten since leaving the port a few weeks ago were sweets and fish fingers. The arrival of someone who knew how to cook was a very welcome event.
	In an attempt to prove herself she set about forcing the whole crew to bathe that afternoon, in groups. Many of them had found things lost aeons ago in the depths of their un-kempt beards. Various magical artifacts, explosives and Ol' Greg even found a family of owls living in his beard. He decided to keep them there and even name them.
	She had to put up a few un-solicited approaches from some of the more headstrong members of the crew, but she was a strongly principled woman and was waiting for the perfect man to sweep into her life and take her away to live forever in his magical rainbow castle. Plus, she was a lesbian super-model.
	At that moment she was on the deck showing another group of pirates the correct procedure needed for teeth cleaning. Chainsaw Boy was watching from a table set up in the corner of the deck. The space and stars that surrounded them provided an amazing backdrop for the demonstration.
	“Now that’s a fine ass” Grigor said as he patted Chainsaw-boy on the back. As usual Grigor was wearing a suit, which was completely at odds with his long shaggy hair and matching beard, he still gave off an aura of intimidation and was an incredibly impressive person. Even the pipe he was smoking gave off an aura of awesomeness.
	“Dude, she has feelings you know. But you're right” They high-fived. It was Epic.
	“Wait, she? I’m a guy, what are you on!”
	“I thought you were talking about…” Chainsaw-Boy noticed that Grigor could see his own reflection in a mirror that had been set-up on the deck to help Illana’s demonstrations. “Ah, I understand now.” 
	“Has she got any plans for what she's going to do when we get to the asteroid?” Grigor inquired.
	“Well, a big floating ball of ice doesn't really give many options to a lesbian supermodel, why?”
	“I'm putting together a team, it’s going to be the most lethal task force in the galaxy, it's going to get the Dragon Heart back with no fuss and complete professionalism.”
	“Is this force going to consist of say, me, you, Napalm and Illana perchance?”
	“Yes... How did you guess that? You’re not psychic are you? Get out of my head!” Grigor shouted at him.
	“I’m not psychic, we're the only named characters so far in this part of the novel, so it kind of makes sense you know”
	“Now you mention it, that does make sense” He puffed on his pipe nonchalantly. “Regardless, I need her on the team. Napalm's been torn up about having to leave his killer whale friends behind, and she seems to be the only one with the potential to get him back to normal.”
	“Your method of telling him to man the fuck up didn't work then?”
	“Basically, no. These women have a magical mastery over words and feelings that I will never understand.”
	“Tell me about it” Chainsaw boy said while trying to remove the peel from the orange that he had balanced on the table with one of his chainsaw arms, needless to say, he was making a mess. “Stupid oranges, how long until we get there anyway?”
	“Should be arriving soon,” he pointed to a small glint out in space, “that’s the asteroid there. I can't wait to get there and smash up Herstaff’s life”. With that, Grigor left the deck to go below and sharpen his collection of axes. Chainsaw boy was left alone to look at Illana, and damn, she did have a fine ass.

	On the other side of the ship, at the helm, Napalm was standing. He was blindingly drunk, so drunk he couldn't see, but that was the only way the pain of missing his beloved whales could be properly cured. He obviously was not currently the best man for the job, but, he was the only one who could steer the boat, and they were nearing the asteroid.
	“Whuzzzat?!” He shouted and pointed from the helm, which was more holding him up than being steered.
	“That would be me sir” his first mate told him, being vigorously pointed at.
	“Ok, hand me that err..  doobie there son.” The first mate handed him the ‘doobie’. Stumbling backwards he took a long drag, threw it overboard, then turned back to grab the helm with both hands.
	“Whuzzafuckiszat!” Napalm exclaimed with a voracious amount of alarm in his voice.
	“That would be Ol 'Greg sir.”
	“Whazzhe doing wiz those owls?”
	“Um... he appears to be feeding them sir.” Sure enough he was hand feeding the owls that had made a nest in his beard. “Sir, is there any chance you could steer the ship, we're about to collide with that light cruiser.”
	“Ah yeah, I'll do some of that steering thing.” He spun the wheel arbitrarily and narrowly avoided the small ship. Much to the annoyance of the ship, which had right of way.  The space around them was now becoming busy with the hundreds of ships that were coming and going from the port.
	Napalm had a natural instinct that came from centuries of doing the same thing over and over again, because within seconds of avoiding the collision he fell asleep on the wheel, but he still somehow managed to land them safely into the space port with only a few near crashes. He appeared to be sleep-driving, spinning the wheel seemingly randomly in very jerky, exaggerated movements. Most disturbingly, his eyes were closed the whole time. 
No-one dared wake him in case the magic was broken and they crashed. After about twenty minutes of dodging through the port, he managed to parallel park the ship in a rather quiet corner of the port. When the crew found it was impossible to wake him up they decided was probably best to leave him slumped over the wheel while they unloaded and got the ship shored up.
	Grigor found Illana sitting on the deck looking out over the port and the town behind, she looked rather forlorn.
 	“Hey, do you have any plans now?”
	“Well, I guess I'll have to go find a job, start a new life out here” she said in her thick Italian accent.
	“You don't have to, I have a proposition for you. How would you like to join my crack team? We’re going to steal the Dragon Heart back from Herstaff.” Illana thought about this briefly, before coming to a quick decision.
	“I don't have anything better to do with my life right now, I'll join your team. Do we have a kick-ass name?”
	“I was thinking, 'Grigor the Destructionator and the Magnitudes of Awesome' you guys would be the magnitudes.”
	“It’s a bit of a handful and it doesn't make sense, but I like it!”
	“Good” he said with a smile. “Go down to the armoury and get them to sort you out with some armour and weapons.” Grigor looked out over the port and the small town, the sunset striking his profile giving his words a certain depth. “It’s going to be dangerous from here on in, babe.”

***

Harvey and Herstaff loaded their bags into the back of the Century Hawk. The space ship looked more like a large van than the usual futuristic transport that most people used. There was the driver’s cockpit at the front, and an open space in the back of the van shaped ship that was officially referred to as the ‘hold’. In the ‘hold’ there was a fridge, a small single bed, a cupboard, a table and three chairs that were all bolted down. When they’d filled the empty space with their possessions they closed the two rear doors and walked round to see how the repairs were going.
	Indy and the Baron were tinkering around under the bonnet, while two large bears stood behind them, offering advice. 
	“Just twist that nut to the right now” one of the bears growled slowly and deeply. “Then it should be sorted.”
	Indy twisted the nut tightly that held the yellow glowing core onto the engine and stepped back to admire his handiwork. “Baron, do you mind starting her up?” Indy said, passing him the keys.
	The Baron walked round the side of the ship and lifted himself up into the cabin. He put the keys in the ignition and the vehicle roared into life. The yellow power core flared red then settled into a calm blue that bathed the vibrating engine in an ambient light.
Indy gave a thumbs up sign to the Baron who was looking down through the windscreen. He then closed the bonnet as the Baron jumped down out of the cabin and stood with him in front of the ship.
	“See you on the other side, brother.” The Baron said giving Indy an embrace, “Don’t’ you go dying out on this quest of yours either.” He used his most official voice to get this across.
	“I promise you, I will never die” Indy looked him right in the eyes. He then walked past the Baron, said goodbye once more and jumped up into the driver’s seat.
	Harvey and Herstaff clambered into the passenger seats in the cab and strapped on their 5 point harnesses while Indy found the ‘space’ gear. They all waved to the Baron his bear entourage as the ship rose slowly straight up into the air. The Baron and 
	Indy negotiated his way through the space port, avoiding a terribly piloted pirate ship that was swinging erratically throughout the area. They rose up through the pre-sunset sky and left the asteroid’s atmosphere on their journey into space.
	As soon as they had got settled into the groove of space travel Harvey un-belted himself and clambered over the seats and into the back of the Century Hawk to make cups of tea.
 	“Two sugars right Herstaff?” He called into the cab, where Herstaff was looking at an A-Z map of the Vorgon 5 system.
	“Yes, danke,” he called back, not looking up from the map. While the kettle was boiling Indy was hurriedly tying to de-mist the inside of the windscreen with a rag.
	“I love this ship, but it ain’t half a hunk of junk!” He turned the heaters up to try and increase visibility through the glass, which worked slowly, by the time the teas were ready the windscreen was two thirds clear. Harvey passed the cups over the seats and into the cab where they took the hot drinks gladly. 
	“What are the co-ordinates we’ve got Herstaff?” 
	“bv567.835 lateral by 89F7.009A longitudinal with a depth of 560FR and a curvature of 65v577.” Indy took a look in his mirrors and over his shoulder at his blind spot. Satisfied nothing was there he punched in the co-ordinates, put on the autopilot and hazard blinkers and sat back with his hands behind his head.
	“That’s sorted, it looks like we have 3 days before getting to Vorgon 5. What do you guys want to do in the mean time?” He opened the overhead compartment above him and rummaged around. “Choices are: Monopoly, or, Risk and, wait, at the back here, aha, Cluedo.” 
	“Vhat about risk?! I love taking over ze world!” Indy agreed with this sentiment and jumped over the seats into the back of the spaceship. He put the box down on the small table and began to set up the board game. This is going to be one long journey, Harvey thought to himself, looking down at the hundreds of tiny plastic soldiers.






grigori Brosputin


They had waited until morning to strike the house where Herstaff lived. That gave some time for Napalm to sober up and for Grigor to teach Illana how guns work. Chainsaw-boy had spent the whole night in an epic training montage and now had mad kung-fu skills.
	They had reached the small demi-detached house as the dawn light was breaking over the rooftops of the surrounding houses. The troupe were crouched down behind a hedge that bordered the front garden.	
	“Look” Napalm whispered, “There’s no vehicle on the driveway.” Pointing to the empty driveway and closed garage next to them.
	“Maybe they don’t have a vehicle? Regardless, I’m sure he’s here, so we’re going in.” He looked down the four person line and nodded to all of them in turn. “Be careful, that house is most probably full of booby-traps” Napalm, Chainsaw-Boy and Grigor sniggered at this, Illana glared. “Ha, ok, seriously look out for traps and evil robots. Chainsaw-boy, you’re up, get rid of that door.”
	Chainsaw-boy ran up the driveway to the house and started laying into the door with his chainsaw arms. He was throwing uppercuts, jabs, left hooks and even spin kicks. He was throwing everything he had at this door and was nearly disappearing under the cloud of sawdust. But within seconds there was only an empty archway left. Grigor stepped in first, flaming battleaxe at the ready.
	“Herstaff! Come out and fight me like a man” he roared. There was no answer. Napalm and Chainsaw-boy stepped into the living room behind him cautiously while Illana watched from the front doorway. “Where are you?!” He shouted while smashing through the coffee table, which exploded.
	“Hey, I don't think anyone's here, look, there are three empty jet-pack spaces here in this cabinet. Looks like they left in a hurry” Chainsaw-boy pointed out. “Three blaster rifles are gone as well, do you reckon they knew we were coming?”
	“They can’t have.” Napalm answered, “it might be a bluff, let’s search the rest of the house.” They did this, concocting a room by room search of the whole building but finding nothing, no traps, no evil robots and no people
	“Maybe they'll come back. We wait here for them.” Grigor said. Sitting down on the sofa he pulled out a flask and began to drink. Napalm sat down on the chair next to the sofa and began to play his guitar leg, while Illana went to help make Chainsaw-boy a cup of tea.
	“What'll we do if those landlubbers don't come back? Maybe they did find out we were coming,” Napalm asked Grigor.
	“Then we're going hunting.” He said, holding the handle of his battle-ax tightly, while the other hand instinctively touched the scar on his face. A shout from the kitchen area made both of them jump anxiously, weapons at the ready.
	“Guys, come look at this” Illana shouted. They both entered the room cautiously to see Illana looking intently at the post-tube. “Check it out, the last place they sent anything to was the Vorgon 5 system, yesterday morning! Do you reckon that’s where they’ve gone?”
	“Yes, this is a complete hunch and there could be a million other explanations but right now it’s our best lead. To the Vorgon 5 system!” Grigor stormed out of the house and onto the garden before Napalm caught him.
	“We can’t go yet! The ship is still in port for re-fuelling and minor repairs, we’ve got a few hours yet before we can go anywhere.” Napalm told him.
	“Ok then” Grigor checked his watch, it was 8.30 in the morning. “To the pub for several hours! We’ll celebrate this lead you found Illana.”
	“It’s not really a lead at all, and seriously? The pub, at this time?” Illana questioned, standing in the doorway. He looked back at her sternly.
	“I’m in charge, we’re going to the pub, and everyone will have a good time.”

***

A few hours later they were in the roughest pub on the asteroid. Chainsaw-boy was on his fifteenth pint new pint, and still trying un-successfully to get it into his mouth with his chainsaw arms, as was to be expected, he was rather soaked. Illana was still sipping at her first martini and Grigor was regaling loudly how he slayed the King of the Tax Demons in a flaming car jousting session on mars. He was rather drunk and kept sloshing beer about all over the place as he slammed his tankard on the table to reinforce every point. Napalm was pale faced and huddled in the corner of the pub, going through the world’s worst hangover
	The other customers in the establishment were obviously getting pissed off, but after Grigor decapitated the first man to knock into him and spill his pint, they decided it probably wasn't worth getting riled about it. Also, considering they didn't have named parts, they'd quite likely end up on the receiving side of death. Even the french armoured bears relaxing after a hard day of kicking ass and taking names didn't want to mess with him.
	One member of the pub was rather more confident and headstrong than the rest. Sitting quietly in the dark corner of the pub he watched Grigor's table intently, his beer sitting un-drunk on the table. The only thing that would bring any attention to him was the slight glint from the necklace he wore.
	It wasn't until Grigor started complaining loudly about Herstaff's escape that he showed a glimmer of interest. After listening for a while, he adjusted his flat peak cap and approached the group.
	Illana was the first person to notice him walking over to the table and tugged on Grigor's arm.
	“I think this guy wants to speak to you” she pointed quite meekly at the approaching figure.
	Turning around Grigor found himself face to face with the most bling dinosaur he had ever encountered. He was obviously a velociraptor, standing about the same size as a normal man, but around his neck was a massive clock hanging from a heavy gold chain, along with multiple diamond encrusted crosses and dollar signs hanging from various other necklaces. His teeth were gilded with gold, on his face he was wearing massive sunglasses and a dark, flat peaked cap. His scaly skin was a mix of blues and greens, and he was wearing the flashiest high topped trainers for miles around.
	“I think I should introduce myself yo. I'm the Ty-rap-o-saurus Rex, I couldn't help but overhear you're looking for someone, and I've got some information that'll help, you get me?” the dinosaur had a deep voice, that bounced along in a very rhythmic manner.
	“Yes, I get you brosef. Is it alright to call you brosef?” Grigor had a hint of menace in his voice, the dinosaur nodded “What do we have to do to get this information?”
	“You have to take me with you. There ain't no room for me to express my lyrical rhymes out here on this waste man rock blud.”
	“Oh, who didn't see that one coming” Chainsaw-boy muttered to himself. “I mean, we must be the only people in the universe to have names.” Grigor eyed the dinosaur’s viciously sharp claws.
	“You look like you can handle yourself, I guess you can join.” said Grigor.
	“Of course, I've shanked bare next-mans, safe!”
	“Whatever that means, I'm sure it’s very important. Now your first job as a magnitude of awesome is to tell me where I can find Herstaff.”
	“Ok boi, get this, I was just playing some dice in the alley with these two bears, and they said that the Baron literally just gave away this hyperdrive core to these dudes. One of them was Herstaff, turns out they're heading to the Vorgon system”
	“The Vorgon system... what could be there that they'd want?”
	“I dunno blud, could be anything, most probably some evil stuff!” Illana looked at Grigor dumbfounded.
	“Are you serious? We saw that address on the post tube, they’ve obviously sent the Dragon Heart there. And, if you think about it for a second, Herstaff was selling it on the internet, do you not think that they might have sold it to whomever lives there?!” Illana had lost her patience, what a complete idiot she thought to herself. Grigor looked at her as if he didn’t understand what she was saying, he then had a quick look round and put his tankard on the table.
	“Guys, I’ve figured it all out. Herstaff has sold the Dragon Heart on the internet, and has sent it to whomever lives in the Vorgon 5 system.” Illana stared in disbelief, but decided that there was no way she could win against that kind of stupidity and finished off her martini in one swift movement. The rest of the group gave him a stony silence. “Yes, there is no need to compliment me, I already know that I’m a genius.” 
	Once Grigor realised that no one was fooled by the display he downed his whole pint and threw the glass on the floor, which exploded. He then preceded to high-five the rapping dinosaur and walked out of the pub with the crew following him. They had ass-kicking to do.






Mikhail brobachev


Indy and the crew were floating steadily towards the main planet of the Vorgon 5 system. They'd all been stuck the cramped space ship van for 3 days and all felt decidedly groggy, spending that much time playing intergalactic risk had taken its toll. They were all dying to get out of the cramped living space and stretch their legs. Also, for three guys who don't really like each other anyway, the three days had been quite tense. This tension Culminated in a bid for freedom by Herstaff in the only ejector pod about two hours ago, luckily they managed to tranquillise him before he made an escape.
	Herstaff was now waking quietly as they were coming into view of Vorgonia, the main planet of the system. As the planet filled up the windscreen of ship, Herstaff pointed out of the side window at a large white sphere suspended in orbit around the planet and exclaimed.
	“Zat is no moon!” The others in the cabin looked at him, unsure whether he was being serious. “No, wait, it is a moon, my bad. I can’t believe you guys tranquilised me, I vought this was Star Wars!”
	“A very cheap version if it is. At least if this was Star wars we could’ve had more food than just pot noodles” Harvey complained. “And maybe the ride would be smoother, less noisy, more comfortable…”
	“Shut up. The Century Hawk is the finest vessel in the entire universe and you’ll respect that.” The hyper drive engine sputtered, and dark smoke briefly spewed from the engine. “Ignore that, it’s supposed to happen. Anyway, we're entering the planet’s atmosphere. What's this planet like? Haven't you already been here before Harvey?”  Indy said.
	“Yeah, my parents dragged me here yearly for our holidays, um... it's very green, and I think it’s supposed to be a holiday and retirement planet so basically what you'd expect. There are lots of scenic lakes to walk boringly round, quaint little villages to ‘explore’ and all that. On the upside though, it has immense playgrounds.”
	“Why would a dark overlord live there?” Indy asked
	“Vell, no-vone is going to be looking for him there. I presume, it also sounds like a Harvey and Herstaff stopped talking as Indy piloted the craft into the atmosphere. They were soon enveloped by thick, white clouds, but eventually these thinned until the landscape below became apparent, and it wasn't what they expected.
	They were looking down on a barren valley, a great black castle could be seen at the far end of valley on the cliff edge. Below them the blackened land gave few clues to what had been there before. The faint scars of roads criss-crossed the blackened floor, and large areas of flaming rubble were all that remained of the quaint villages that Harvey had described.
	A large portion of the valley was flooded, and large black smoke spewing volcanoes had risen up like islands in the old lake. The entire valley was dead.
	“Ah, this might be a problem.” Indy had a knack of telling people things that they already knew. “Let’s land and find out what the hell is going on” Indy grimaced as he piloted the ship down towards the castle. He flew low, levelled the vehicle out, and dropped down onto the ground on all four wheels. 
They bounced along for a short distance before Indy managed to get the vehicle under control and began to control it in ‘driving’ mode. They carried on driving for a few minutes and pulled up just outside the gates of the gothic, black stone castle.
	“So Indy, vat iz ze plan?” Herstaff called over as he jumped out of the passenger side door.
	“Well, we knock first and ask what's going on and if we can have the heart back, that's just politeness”
	“Iz zat not like ze dumbest idea? Even I could tell you zat iz not going to work. He iz supposed to be evil Indy” Herstaff claimed impetuously.
	“You got a better plan?”
	“Go home and pretend zere iz nothing wrong? All zis will blow over in no time at all!”
	“That's a rubbish plan, besides it's my way or the high-way! Now let’s find out what's going on.” With that awful one-liner, Indy walked up to the massive gate and knocked the flaming skull knocker. It's banging resonated ominously throughout the valley, dislodging a gaggle of black ravens that were nesting in the charred corpse of a nearby tree.
	Very slowly the massive door at the other end of bridge over the lava filled moat opened slightly, a small man sidestepped out of the gap and slowly walked across the massive bridge. As he got closer they make out his features. He was under average in height, very smartly dressed in coat and tails and had a very English look about him. After a few minutes he reached the gate and stopped on the other side of it.
	“Can I help you?” he asked in a very well-spoken manner.
	“Um, yeah, is the dark lord around at all?” Indy said
	“Unfortunately the sire is out at the moment, what was your business with him regarding?”
	“We may have accidentally sold him something off Ebay, it wasn't actually for sale. Is there any way we could get it back?”
	“This must be the Dragon Heart? I am sorry to tell you that sire has already incorporated it. You will not be getting that back”
	“What do you mean 'incorporated' it?!”
	“I'm sure you know that he was destroyed in the last Great War. He's been reclaiming body parts ever since, now he almost has everything, the shoulders of a rugby player, the legs of a strongman, the wrists and right arm of a virgin World of Warcraft player, the eyes of a hawk and Einstein's brain. With the Dragon Heart, all he needs now are the rest of the pieces of awesome to become the universe’s greatest warrior again.” 
	“Oh boy” said Harvey, secretly surprised that finding out the Dark Lord’s evil plan was so easy. “So, what happened here?”
	“With his new power, sire decided to improve the place, I think it looks rather neat myself. It would do you good to begin to enjoy this scenery as well, when the sire becomes full-strength again, he plans to make the whole universe like this. It will be just like that TV show, the sixty minute makeover, but with more flames and death.” The butler looked at them expectantly, but they were all too shocked to say anything, let alone close their mouths. “Well, I need to go dust some antique teapots, if you have no more questions I will be off, good day sirs.” He turned around and headed back across the bridge and into the castle.
	As the door closed a loud roar filled the air, looking up they saw Grigor's giant wooden ship floating down through the dark clouds.
	“Look, it’s that guy who cut us up in the space port. Do you reckon he's come to apologise?” Harvey said.
	“Ah, I may know the owner of zat ship, zis will be awkward” Herstaff said nervously.
The massive pirate ship lowered itself slowly down from above them, the massive anchor slamming into the hard ground and tugging the pirate ship to the surface of the planet. Before it had even stopped sway and come to a complete stop, Grigor front flipped from the deck to the ground 50 feet below.
	“You!” He shouted, pointing at Herstaff while unstrapping and taking his battleaxe off his back with the other hand. Marching over to him he grabbed him by the throat. “Give me one reason why I shouldn't kill you right now.”
	“Gigor, I am zorry for stealing ze Dragon Heart we have bigger issues on our plates now.” Herstaff pleaded, fear in his eyes.
	“That's not a good enough reason.” Grigor swung his flaming axe over his head with his spare hand. He then let go of Herstaff and brought the axe straight it down in one clean sweep. He cut him completely in twain. The two halves of Herstaff fell in opposite directions and began to spark violently, the protruding wires and mechanics already flaming.
	“And who are you two?” he swung his axe to point at them both.
	“I'm Indy, and this is Harvey. We weren't really friends with that guy, or whatever he was.” Indy and Harvey were both holding their arms up in the air submissively.
	“Do you know where the Dragon Heart is?”
	“Ah, well, turns out the Dark Lord Volkang got hold of it.”
	“Not Volkang? Shit.” Grigor spat these words, this was bad news.
	“Yes, Volkang, he's already incorporated it, whatever that means. Now he's after the spirit of the Barbarian King”
	“Well, that would be king Argennon. He's incredibly strong, and the Barbarian home world is well defended. But Volkang is strong, and who knows how powerful he is now he's got the Dragon Heart. Thanks for the heads-up,” Grigor turned around and shouted up to the ship that had just landed “Hoist the main sails and swab the decks! We need to leave again.”
	As he turned and started to walk back towards the pirate ship, Indy interjected.
	“Hey! What about us? What do we do? You just killed our house mate and you're just going to leave?”
	“Yes I am.” Grigor said, grabbing the rope holding the anchor and rose with it back into the ship, ignoring their complaints. Within minutes the pirate ship was rising and turning away into the sky. Indy and Harvey shielded their eyes from the dust kicked up by the ship's engines.
	“Aw, shit. What the hell do we do now?” Indy wondered aloud, “and what the hell was up with Herstaff? Was he really a robot?” He looked at the inside of Herstaff, still sparking away on the ground. “That is gross, and weird.”
	“Well we've only got one option, we need to go help” Harvey replied bravely. “I know it wasn’t our fault, but I feel sort of responsible.”
	“Do you really think we can do anything?” Indy replied with an air of cynicism, turning to face Harvey. “We don't have any super-powers, we're all squishy and die easily. We've been lucky this far, I don’t know how long it’ll hold out.” Harvey considered his point, and then rebutted.
	“Good point, but, a) we haven’t blown anything up yet, and b) we need to find someone to take Herstaff’s place. Otherwise we’ll have to pay his rent as well.” Indy contemplated this duo of counter-arguments to his original proposition, and decided to agree/
	“Actually, I didn’t think about it that way. We'll brush Herstaff up into a tidy pile first. I mean, he wasn’t human so he doesn’t need any kind of extensive burial.” Indy here displayed his lack of philosophical depth regarding sentience and empathy of considered intelligence.
 	“Awesome, I really can’t be bothered to hang out on this planet anymore, it smells of sulphur.” Indy agreed enthusiastically. 
“Let's blow some stuff up and get into the main crux point of this extended multi part story, after leaving behind a lengthy and plot setting introduction!”
	“Yay,” Harvey agreed, running and jumping back into the Century Hawk. Indy also jumped in to the driver’s seat, belted himself in and leaned out of the window.
	“To the barbarian home world!” He shouted pointing up into space as he started the space-van and began to rise in the direction of his pointing.






bro-adimir lenin


Magnus Flamestrike looked out across the northern wastes of Bravarion. He was a ranger for the Barbarian homeland defence. He was posted out in the far north and had been in the tundra like wastes with his three man crew for two moons now. Right now everyone else was getting their camp ready underneath a collection of snow laden firs five minutes’ walk away. Magnus was making the most of the sunlight while it was still there to guide him.
	He was standing at the top of the cliff they had camped near, looking out into the endless white wastes. He could make out no discernible objects, just ambiguous shapes and shades of white for as far as his keen vision could see. His scarf flapped violently across his grizzled face while he had a drag of the cigarette he was smoking. How long was he going to be out here dammit, nothing happened up here. They should have sent a rookie, he thought, he could do so much more with his talents. To top it off his brown military overcoat was barely keeping out the chill. He just wished something would happen, or they'd get the call to swap with the next crew, but he knew that wouldn't happen for at least another month.
	He scanned the horizon with he had his last drag, he was certain there was nothing out there but routine made him check one last time, and this time he paused. Far out in the distance he saw a very faint flash and a slight tremble in the bright red sunset lit clouds. From this disturbance he saw a small black streak drive directly down into the wastes and into a valley far in the distance. From this valley a thin plume of smoke could be seen from where Magnus was standing.
	Now something was happening, this was what he was there for, but what was that? It looked rather ominous. He had the sinking feeling that this wouldn't just be a routine search. There was no way they'd survive crossing the wastes tonight, definitely not over that distance. Turning around he strode back through the trees. The camp was set back five or so minutes and that gave him time to mull over what he'd seen, he decided it'd be best to send back a message to the field commander, if they left early tomorrow they'd be able to get to whatever the hell that was and get back to camp before nightfall. They might even be able to hitch a lift back to civilisation with the research teams.
	He strode back into camp as the last few rays of light penetrating the forest faded. The rest of the crew looked up at him.
	“Sir, camp's fully set up and Ginger's cooking up some tasty grub” Leopold snapped a quick salute. The four small tents had been set up on the snowy floor in the clearing, with Ginger and Alexander sitting around the fire. Ginger was tending to a steaming pot while Alexander sat cleaning his rifle.
	“Good work Leopold. I've got news, come with me.” He walked into the middle of the camp and stood by the fire.
	“Aright captain? anything new happening out in the wastes?” Alexander said sarcastically with a bit of a smirk, he knew that nothing ever happened in the wastes.
	“Funny you should say so, because there is something happening out there” Ginger stopped tending her pot and looked up from her cooking, while Alexander withheld a look of surprise. “Something crashed down about 7 clicks from here two valleys over. First light tomorrow we go and check it out. Be ready for trouble, because whatever it is, it’s set off my gut instinct.”
	“Ha, that might just be Ginger's cooking” Ginger threw Alexander a sharp glance. Magnus allowed himself a smile at the group’s banter, before asserting his position and making some orders.
	 “Leopold, get on the radio to the commander, tell him we'll be investigating an unknown and to send a research team up here. We'll give him a report tomorrow before nightfall.” Leopold went over and started fiddling with the radio pack they'd carried with them. “Alex, check all our munitions and set out the lightweight blasters. We'll be on recon tomorrow. Ginge, when's grub up? I'm famished.”
	
	                             ***

They woke up before the sunrise, packed away the camp-site into their bags and set off out of the snowy forest. They climbed down the cliff face that Magnus had stood atop the night before as the sun rose. They were one of the best ranger teams in that side of the galaxy, and they were down the cliff face within an hour.
	“Magnus, those aren't normal clouds” Alexander said at the base of the cliff, pointing across the white waste to where the object had crashed. High above the valley black clouds were swirling around slowly, contrasting heavily against the completely white sky.
	“Yeah, this is getting weirder by the minute,” Magnus commented, unclipping his rope. “Leopold, was there any response from base?”
	“No sir, I've been trying since last night and still nothing” Leopold shrugged back to him.
	“I know you guys don't approve, but my women's intuition is telling me that something bad is going down” Ginger added. Alexander came over and patted her on the shoulder.
	“When bad shit goes down, we're there to clean it up, don't forget!” he said cockily.
	“Alright, the suns about to fully come up, we need to get on and up onto the ridge of the next valley as soon as possible. Alexander move out” Magnus dropped to the back of the single file column behind Ginger while Leopold took point.
	They travelled slowly through the knee-deep snow and the biting wind, all the way over the first ridge and down through the first valley. The dark clouds had become more massive and ominous as they neared the slope up to the ridge separating the two valleys.
	When they had neared the copse of trees at the top of this ridge Leopold stopped.
	“Sir, the snow here's melting.”
	“What do you mean, that's imposs-” he looked at the floor and sure enough the snow was beginning to glisten, looking around he could see small shoots of green grass poking up through the snow. And even clear patch underneath the sparse trees higher up. “What the hell is going on!”
	The crew covered the last few meters of ground and threw themselves down on the ridge top, from here they had a clear view into the valley below. Alexander already had the video-noculars out. What they saw sent shivers down all four spines.
	The valley below was deep, and about 2 miles across. The edges still held onto the snow that hadn't left this land since time began, but the middle of the valley was a different story. Dead in the middle of the valley, sticking up out of a large impact crater was a black tower. Deep inside the tower burning furnaces could be seen, and the clanking of heavy machinery could be heard echoing across the valley. Sitting atop the tower, nearly inside the black clouds, was a massive black dragon. It's wings were folded up behind its giant body, they looked like they could easily be as long as a bus each.
	“Alex, you got enough recorded?” Magnus was rather agitated
	“Aye sir.”
	“Let's get off this ridge then.” They turned and retreated down the slope, stopping about halfway down. They were all speechless, after a while Magnus spoke.
	“Any news on the radio Leo?”
	“No, still no signal sir. I have a feeling that, whatever that thing back there is, it must be jamming all the signals.”
	“Damn, what do we do now? We need to get back and warn everyone, and if that radio doesn’t work we're going to have to do it on foot.”
	“Or not” Ginger had a hidden smile, “I happen to know there's an outpost 20 clicks from here. They have a dragon keep there, we can get a flight back to base and get the other regiments to arm the defences before anything really bad happens.”
	“Good one Ginge, it'll take us a while to cover that much ground, we'll get there deep after nightfall. Grab some food and some rest, we move out in 10 minutes.”






chairman bro


Grigor disembarked from the pirate boat by somersaulting from the rigging, he landed with such perfection even a Russian gymnast coach would be impressed. He quickly stood up and saluted the royal guard that had come to meet him at the palace’s dock. It was a large jetty jutting out of the massive building that loomed over the industrial capital city of Arkansaw. 
	As far as the eye could see were massive chimneys from the many armouries and breweries that ran the barbarian planet’s vast economy. In between these massive factories were hundreds of ramshackle taverns, blacksmiths and whore houses. The smoke gave the whole city an eerie dim red glow, and even though it was midday the sun could not be seen.
 	“We’re here to give a grave message to the king” Grigor pronounced officially as the gangplank was lowered to the jetty “My crew and I must meet with the king now”
	“He’s just come back from his bear wrestling session, I’ll send a message ahead, and by the time we get to the hall he should be there.” When the rest of the ragged band had disembarked they walked along the red carpet lined jetty towards the massive double wooden doors into the barbarian palace. The wind that high up made it hard to speak properly so they walked in silence.
	The group was flanked by soldiers in wearing luxuriously ornate, head-to-toe suits of armour. They led them through the massively high doors out of the wind and into the grand entrance hall. Lined along the high ceilinged corridor were ancient statues and most of the décor was gold. Even though they could now talk due to the lack of wind, they still walked in silence, with Grigor leading the entire entourage.
	As they reached the intricately detailed golden doors Grigor stopped, turned, and addressed the group. “Listen up, there are some rules here, you need to high-five the king when he speaks to you. It is a sign of respect, also, beware of the flaming lions, they have a habit of jumping up on unsuspecting people. Oh, and whatever you do, don’t whine or be a pansy. Got it?”
	Some of the grouped nodded or murmured their understanding. “Do you reckon he’ll listen to my mix tape?” the Ty-rap-o-saurus asked.
	“No.” Grigor said bluntly “Let’s go.” The Ty-rap-o-saurus was a sad panda.

The Great Hall was an amazing spectacle to behold. It was a gigantic circular room. In the centre was a completely gold throne on which the armrests were eagles, each one as big as a man. The gold backing of the throne went up towards the ceiling about fifty feet like a golden bolt striking down from the ceiling (which was painted in the same style as the Sistine church). Around this throne were a hundred bikini clad women, and around them was a moat of lava which had several bridges crossing it. Along the whole outside of the room were hundreds of wooden benches filled with barbarians drinking, singing and fighting.
	Sitting on the throne in the middle was Argennon the Barbarian King. He was the largest barbarian since the last king and his hair was whiter than the moon. His face was covered in scars but it was a face that demanded respect. At his side was a mighty hammer, bigger than himself, legend said that he had fought a god for it, and won. His ragged armour covered his massive body, and at the end of one his tree trunk like arms was a massive tankard of ale, much bigger than a normal man could hold with both hands. He was sitting with some very curvaceous women and regaling tales of battling vicious beasts and slaying monsters of lore, his overly exaggerated hand gestures meant that everyone within his immediate vicinity was covered in ale.
	As Grigor and his company crossed the lava bridge over the lava moat the barabarian king stopped mid imaginary –beheading and stared. 
	“Is that Grigor! I’ve heard news you were coming, and I hardly believed it!” The behemoth stood up and strode along to Grigor, he held his hand up expectantly and Grigor jumped to high fived him, lightning exploded from the contact. “And who are these people?”
	“This is Chainsaw-boy my travelling companion and Napalm Explosionface, who I’m sure you already know, and this is the Ty-rap-o-saurus Rex. I honestly have no idea what he’s doing with us.”
 	“Oh well, any friend of Grigor is a friend of mine!” The king boomed, his great white beard shuddering with every syllable. He made a sweeping motion with a great hand in front of him “Sit down and have some mead friends.”
	The rag tag troupe sat around a large wooden bench placed in front of the throne, they had to squeeze in between several dirty Vikings warriors who were already very drunk. As soon as Chainsaw Boy sat down the large Viking next to him decided that now was time for sleeping, and subsequently fell asleep on Chainsaw Boy’s shoulder, nearly crushing him in the process. Argennon stood in between the bench and his huge throne, a barrel-sized tankard of mead in his none-sweeping hand.
	“You fellows have travelled very far, I presume your presence here is not simply a friendly meeting between comrades. What can the great king do for you?”
	“Argennon, the only thing you can do for us is heed our news. The Dark Lord Volkang has the heart of the Dragon King.” The entire hall suddenly ceased the raucous cacophony that had filled the rafters. The laughing had stopped, the clashing and swearing of fighting had stopped, the sound of pouring ale had been stopped, the giggling of swooning maidens had stopped and even the roaring of tame bears and lions had stopped.
	“Surely you jest Grigor” the King said slowly “you always were great at banter!” He began laughing, the great beard rising and falling with his guffaws, a shallow laugh spread out across the hall. At the sight of Grigor’s stony straight face the King stopped his barrel laugh, soon the whole hall was plunged into awkward silence. “I see, follow me to the antechamber, we will discuss this.”
	He spun around, his cloak floating majestically behind him, strode around the throne and walked through the concealed archway behind it. Grigor and his band followed and found themselves in a small circular room. The dimly-lit room had bare, grey stone walls, dotted regularly with several flame torches that splashed an orange red glow around the room. In the centre of the room stood a large stone table, the same grey as the walls. They all took seats around this table, with Argennon at the far side of the room, facing the archway entrance.
	“Ok Grigor, explain yourself.”
	“Argennon, the heart was stolen in transit, now it and the Dark Lord are here now.  I’m sure we both know what he’s after.”
	“Yes, the Spirit, one of the 5 pieces of awesome, if he possesses all 5 he will have ultimate power. We can’t let that happen, ever. But the Dragon Heart? That’s the single strongest of all the pieces, and the core that links them. Volkang was a challenge even for me, I was the one who threw him from the cliff of solitude into the pit of despair. I watched as he was banished for eternity down there.”
	“He’s been slowly building from the other side, I saw his mighty new Tower, and it seems his power has grown into something more powerful than it ever was before.”
	The Ty-rap-o-saurus sheepishly piped up, rasing one scaly talon in the air. “Hey guys, if the Dragon Heart is so powerful why didn’t it make you guys, you know, more badass? Or even space-Hitler, I mean he had it for a while as well. Surely there’s loads of people who’d be super powerful now.”
	“It’s not that simple, you don’t own the Dragon Heart, you merely work in a partnership with it, and it doesn’t lend power, you need to take it from the heart. Thus, only a handful of people in the universe are powerful enough to control it. Even then, it corrupts greatly, only someone powerful and evil enough could ever wield it.” Grigor replied.
	“That’s why I never took it for myself” Argennon added “I am truly not evil enough to control such an object.”
	“You said there’s 5 other pieces of Awesome, what are these things?” Illana asked curiously.
	“The 5 pieces of Awesome are the remnants of the creator, some super dude who created this entire universe. Legend has it that there is another separate universe, similar to ours, but everyone only lives on one planet.” Suddenly the room felt a lot darker, and Grigor’s gruff voice was striking awe into everyone. “They call this planet Earth, and on this planet was a man called Adam, who was the most manly of all men, truly a champion of his universe.” At the mention of that name a chill wind flowed through the sealed room. “Apparently one day he attempted to jump 100 armed nuclear missiles on a motorbike. This was nothing to Adam, but a more jealous man had sabotaged his attempt. As he flew through the air over the missiles he realised something was wrong, someone had put a deadly snake in his motorbike. He punched the snake so hard it went up in flames, but the movement distracted him, and as such he exploded into the nuclear missiles, destroying the entire earth.”
	Grigor paused for effect while everyone gasped, and then continued. “This created a super massive black hole, which imploded on itself, destroying the entire universe. And out of this time-space continuum destruction, our universe was born. And all that remains of Adam and the previous universe were the 5 pieces of Awesome that formed the original guardians of this new universe.”
	“The Heart of the Dragon King, the Spirit of the Barbarian King, the Rainbow Horn of the Inter-Stellar-Unicorn, the Flaming Motorbike of the Great Bear and the Cajones of the Ice-Wolf.” Napalm Explosionface said, looking up from his tankard of mead. “They each hold and grant immeasurable power, but the Heart is still the most powerful, only a combination of the other pieces could ever defeat it.” 
	Suddenly the floor shook. A resounding boom echoed around the room, dust fell from the ceiling and walls. Argennon jumped to his feet, and Grigor pulled out his broadsword, its flickering flames highlighting the features of his face in an orange glow.
	“He’s here isn’t he.” Chainsaw boy said, his words falling heavily in the dense atmosphere of the room. From the doorway to the great hall they heard the clanging of steel on steel, the shouts of barbarians punctuating the air and the crashing and splintering of bodies being thrown through wooden tables.
	Then, within seconds, silence. Only the occasional scream pierced through the walls and echoed around the room. 
	Grigor ran towards the doorway until Argennon shouted “Stop. Grigor, come up here.” Grigor stopped mid-step and turned to face Argennon, who was standing in the middle of the table. “If he gets the spirit he will be nigh unstoppable. I’m past my peak, and it’s my right to defend my hold. Take the spirit and hide it from the Dark Lord, secure the other pieces as well.”
	Grigor stepped up onto the table and faced the massive king. “Are you sure? We can defeat him.”
	“No, the heart is too powerful.” Argennon stood tall and put his hand on Grigor’s chest. The torch lights blew out and a bright blue light surrounded the pair. The whole room was bathed in a blue glow, throwing dark shadows of the assembled troupe around the walls.
	The light swirled around the room before focusing into one beam that rushed around the room and flew into Grigor’s chest. The torch lights came back to life.
	Argennon was left kneeling, he took in a deep breath and stood back up. He pointed to the wall behind where he had been sitting. “There are parachutes under the seats, the other side of this wall is above the dock.” He gripped Grigor by the shoulders and head butted him affectionately. “I’ve always thought of you as a son. Now go. I’ll see you in Valhalla.”
	Argennon ran through the archway and out of sight. Grigor punched the wall with a straight right hand. Bricks and mortar exploded out of the side of the building and into the night sky. The room was suddenly filled with a violent wind, making it harder for them to don parachutes.
	Grigor stood at the entrance to the night and looked down at the jetty. There was his ship, but all across the industrial skyline of Arkansaw were flames, smoke and explosions. Great black forms floated throughout the smoke, raining terror down on the Barbarian capital.
	He turned to his cohorts, pointed down to the ship and shouted above the wind. “See you down there.” He then proceeded to dive out into the dark, sulphur tainted night.
	As 5 parachutes bloomed open in the night sky like giant flowers, a great guttural roar filled the air. Glass shattered from every window of the great hall. Immediately lightning began to shoot out through the empty window frames, accompanied with the booming of iron clashing on obsidian.
	Then there was nothing, except a great sadness that crept magnanimously into the hearts of everyone.
	They landed on the deck of the Grigor’s large space ship, the crew had already prepped the ship, and looked cautiously at Grigor as he landed.
	“Go!” he didn’t even need to shout this order, the ship was already pulling away from the jetty, and rose into the air, slowly at first, but gaining speed quickly. 
	They all stood at the rear guard rail of the ship watching as the great palace grew smaller. Even from that distance they could still see and feel the piercing red eyes of the Dark Lord as he stared directly at the ship. 
	They were frozen in place until the whole ship was enveloped in a black smoke-cloud, so dense they could barely see each other. No one said a word as they launched out of the top of the cloud, and out into space at hyper-speed.
















Kim jong bro


Magnus, Leo, Ginge and Alex were wading through knee deep snow. The wind whipped snow around their dark green overcoats, which they had pulled up to protect their faces. Throughout the previous night walked for 20 clicks across the wastes in the wake of the massive dark force that had travelled across the tundra en-route to the Capital.
	The combination of wind and snow had reduced visibility to only a few metres, but Leo had checked the maps constantly, and was certain that they were almost exactly where they wanted to be.
	Their attempts at flying to the Capital on the dragons had been short lived. Almost straight away they had been attacked by lightning from large black flying shapeless forms. 
The Dragons fought fiercely, but they weren’t battle dragons, they were transport dragons. Light and nimble, but they still stood no chance against the assailants. After a minute of intense but one sided fighting all of the dragons had fallen from the sky.
 The barbarian rangers had all survived the landings, barbarians are tough, and snow is soft. Some of the dragons had died and the others had limped or flown away into the north, being independent legendary creatures, back to the wild lands.
	As such, the tight knit group had shouldered their gear, prepped their weapons and walked back to the town they’d just left.
	On the silent walk, all of them had been thinking the worst, but they were all still shocked to see what was left of the hold. 
	The first sign they came across was a battle-axe, and accompanying arm, lying in the crimson snow. There was no sign of the owner of this battle-axe.
	As they walked down what was the Hold’s main road, they began to see more of the destruction the army had left. Burned out skeletons of buildings, the wood black like charcoal, limply held themselves up out the snow. Some had caved altogether and left only a large pile of black smouldering rubble, steam still rising from the remnants. 
	It was like this on each side of the road. Almost all of the buildings were completely destroyed, and the only signs that life had ever existed there were the occasional dashes of bright red spread across the snow.
	“This is horrible” Ginge said, holding back the tears.
	“This is war” Magnus said grimly, “Where were the other dragons kept? We need to see if there’s any that have survived.”
	“It’s at the end of this road, in a cave at the base of the cliff” Ginge managed to say, through the sobs.
	They made their way through the dead town as quickly as they could, eager to escape the dread that sunk deeper with every passing minute.
	“How is this even possible? The barbarians are one of the strongest races in the universe!” Alex shouted at the burnt husks.
	“It’s got to be some terrible magic” Leo replied quietly from behind him, rifle pointing at everything he thought might be dangerous, which was everything.
	“Arrghh” Alex rebutted, firing off rounds into the air in anger.
	Magnus grabbed him and forced the rifle out of his hands “Calm down! We don’t know if there’s any of them left!” 
	The town responded to Magnus’ fears with total silence.
	Magnus was worried, he wasn’t sure what to do, they had no orders to follow, and they were rangers, there was nothing they could do in a full scale invasion. His speciality was approaching situations like a crime, finding out as much as he could and striking at the weakest point. Now his only lead was Grigor.
	Magnus had heard of Grigor before, back in the academy he’d been mentioned regularly, and his name was engraved on the Bear Explosion Ball champion Trophy all the way from 6000E to 6006E. Speaking to him seemed to be the next best step.
	“Leo, you still have the network access codes right?” Leo nodded “Ok, make a search for Grigor the Destructionator. Find out where he is, or where he’s going.”
	Leo pulled the radio nav machine out of his bag and started punching in keys while the machine beeped back in response. “It should take me a little while to get a response.”
	“Make it quick, I have a feeling we won’t have much time.”
	They walked through the other side of the town, and soon a giant cliff loomed out of the whiteness that surrounded everything. At first the view in front of them of them darkened, then they came close enough that the sharp, rocky face penetrated through the blizzard.
	The walked along the base of the cliff, where the snow broke as it touched the rocky foot of the sheer wall. Here and there small trees had managed to grow and survive on the rock base, lending droplets of deep green to break up the monotonous grey and white that surrounded everything.
	They stumbled upon the cave mouth as it appeared suddenly out from the gloom. A great gaping mouth of black, dimly lit in depths by the weak aura of orange thrown off by unseen torches. Ginge stopped and motioned for Magnus to come to her side.
	“Look down here” she said, kneeling in the snow, “footprints.” Magnus looked down at the two sets of prints, definitely human, and two of them, one slightly taller than the other. The smaller human was obviously not used to the cold judging by the shuffle pattern of the prints and, no fashion sense judging by the tread pattern, I mean come on, what about effort? Brushing vain prejudices aside, it was obvious that neither had been prepared for travelling in this weather. From the drips of blood that accompanied the prints Magnus deduced that one of them must be injured.
	“It looks like one these people was injured.” He whispered to Ginge.
	“No shit Sherlock” she replied quietly. Magnus took that to be a compliment. He held his hand up to the group, pointed at his eyes and then pointed into the depths of the cave.
	The group shouldered their rifles and crept into the entrance, keeping their sights trained down the passageway.
	They crept forward, solid like moving rocks, unflinching at the murmuring echoes that groaned through the cave system. They transitioned from the white light from outside, into the deep dark where the only light was the flickering from torches further down the tunnel that glistened off the moist walls.
	They treaded carefully over the slippery rocks, Magnus took the point, then Alex and Leo behind him, while Ginge kept a look out behind them. They passed several slowly dying torches held in brackets against the rock walls as they made their way down twists and turns leading down further into the cliff. Suddenly Magnus stopped, and held his left hand up, hand clenched into a fist.
	“Do you guys hear that?” he said so quietly it was barely a whisper. The rest of the team listened, There was definitely a sound of activity further down the tunnel, they caught echoing tones of voices deeper down the cave system, more importantly they could hear the noise of great shuffling, scratching and the occasional hiss of steam echoing up to where they stood.
	“Ok, be ready for anything” Magnus said, starting on again cautiously, soon they could feel a cold wind coming faster down the tunnel, and the noises became much louder. Round the next corner a large pool of more natural light bathed the tunnel from a large cutaway in the left side of the rock. Here the noises were much more obvious, but still not enough to hear the voices clearly. However the other noises were a lot clearer, it sounded like a foundry, with heavy clanging, the hiss of steam, punctuated by heavy scraping.
	Magnus approached the opening slowly, his back flat against the wall. When he was standing next to the opening, he peered round. 
	From his viewpoint he saw that a massive bowl-like cavern had been carved out of the rock, so large that he could barely make out the opposite side. Looking up he noted a massive hole in the ceiling, letting in light that dappled softly off the ever falling column of snow entering the cavern from above. The opening he was standing at was at the top of the bowl like floor, which reached its lowest point a few hundred meters from where he was standing. 
	In the centre of the room a great wooden stake had been thrust into the rock, the stake was what appeared to be just an upside down tree. For most of its length it was the width of three men across, and as tall as ten tall men. Attached to this tree was a great chain, whose first link had been forged directly through the tree trunk about halfway up, at the strongest point. What was more intriguing however, was the giant sleeping creature attached to the chain. 
A great dragon with black scales and a crimson underbelly lay coiled around the base of the stake, the chain attached to a iron collar around its neck. The Dragon had giant red leathery wings pinned to it’s back, and a long tail that flicked lazily around it’s head while it slept. The dragons long snout framed the sharp form of it’s face, which raised and lowered which each exhale of what appeared to be a sort of dragon snore. Each snore produced a huge plume of steam, along with a great hiss. 
	The dragon was curled in the centre of the cavern, directly beneath the column of snow that melted and floated away in steam as soon it landed on the Dragon’s back.
Magnus quickly scanned the rest of the cavern hold to see several much smaller dragons tied to much smaller posts around the exterior rim of the space. Some of the dragons were obviously restless, a small turquoise blue dragon was attempting to fly away, only to be yanked back to earth as the chain pulled taut. He then shuffled back to where the chain was slacker, snorted, with a bit of added flame, and tried again. Down to Magnus’ left a medium sized red and yellow dragon was scratching irritably at the floor of the cavern, huge grooves were left in the rock floor were left as proof of his frustration.
	Down on the right however, Magnus noted a very un-dragon like movement, around a large selection of crates, harnesses and other dragon riding equipment, sat two humans. One a tall stalwart fellow, and the other smaller, slightly on the chubby side and quite badly dresses, just like Magnus thought ‘Damn I’m good’ he congratulated himself quietly. 
The smaller man was sitting on a crate and had a bandage wrapped round his left thigh, which was propped up on a smaller case.­­­ He looked rather resigned and downtrodden. The taller man was leaning against a collection of wooden boxes, and looked deep in thought.
Magnus could see no obvious weapons on the pair, and they didn’t seem like too much of a threat, so he leaned back round into the tunnel, and signalled for the other rangers to come up.
He stepped out quietly and slipped between large red sandy rocks that provided adequate cover and hid him from the sight of the pair. Most of the leashed dragons were looking in their direction curiously, several were becoming rather agitated and clawing at the ground and their restraints, but the only pair of humans in the room seemed too pre-occupied to notice the entrance of the rangers.
One by one the Rangers took places behind the closest rocks, a move they had well-rehearsed, and waited for Magnus’ signal. He held his closed fist up, and they all froze and took a deep breath. He waited like this for a second, and suddenly opened his fist.
	At that moment, manic pandemonium broke out, the rangers all spun out from their hiding places, rifles held up and trained on the unsuspecting pair. In response the two of them jumped nearly out of their skins, and instantly threw their hands up. Everyone was shouting. Harvey and Indiana were shouting about how they ‘meant no harm’ and ‘don’t kill me please,’ while the rangers were shouting at them to get down.
In the midst of the action, Alex raised his rifle and stared laughing, a deep barrel laugh. One by one he other rangers sopped to look at him. Ginge whispered a him. “What are you doing?” Indy and Harvey also stopped shouting and looked at him, bemused and scared.
“Look at them.” Alex said, “they’re the foreigners from the alehouse we saw yesterday!” The other rangers looked and also started laughing, they pulled down the scarves and other clothing items they’d worn to obscure their faces from the blizzard. Magnus stepped forward, a bit sheepishly. 
“Sorry about this guys, you were Indy right? And I’m sorry, I’ve forgotten your name.” He said to Harvey.
“I’m Harvey,” Harvey replied, with a hint of a wobble in his voice.
“What happened out there in the village?” Ginge asked them, her usually emotionless voice betrayed a genuine note of concern for the people of the village.
“We didn’t see much, and it was a real blur” Indy started “We were locked down in the hold when the explosions started, the door was completely smashed in by a huge black monster, like a man but three times the size, with red eyes, horns and black skin. One of your friends decapitated it the minute it broke through though! Soon everywhere around us there was fighting, and bodies everywhere. The enemy were all black knights, they went down easily enough but they just kept coming. Eventually the roof of the hold gave way, and by that point we were in the streets fighting. Everything was on fire, and the black knights formed a tidal wave that just kept coming.” Indy paused for breath.
 “We ran out into the storm and ended up here somehow. I don’t think anyone else survived, they just kept fighting but didn’t stand a chance.” Indy hung his head.
“That’s the Barbarian way. We fight to the death. At least they’re all kicking ass in Valhalla now.” As he finished this sentence a great boom was heard, and a crack of lightning could be seen though the open hole in the cavern roof. 
After the lightning briefly brightened the cavern it soon became darker than It had been before. And even though the chill of winter was all around them, it also became colder, but they could feel this chill deep within their hearts.
“Something is wrong” Ginge said looking up at the now darkened sky. The dragons were roaring what seemed to be a solemn chorus, punctuating the dark of the cavern with great towers of sporadic flame. “Very wrong” she continued.
“Sir!” Leo called out, kneeling over this radio equipped back-pack, a headphone held to one ear. “It’s a message from the he Field Marshall, he Dragon-King… He’s dead,”
“What?!” Exclaimed Magnus, grabbing the headphones and holding them to his own ears.
“I repeat, the Dragon-King is dead. He was slain by Volkang and Grigor now holds the ancient spirit. All forces on the ground are to form a resistance against the dark lord’s armies, and all other troops are to assist Grigor. I repeat, the Dragon-King is dead. He was…”
Magnus let the headphones fall to the floor. “Rarghh!” He screamed, slamming his fist into a rock, shattering it to pieces. 
“I’ve got a lock on Grigor’s position, it looks like he’s heading to the Dagoba system. Ah, now the signal’s gone dead.”
“The Ice system? What does he want to do there?” Alex inquired.
“I don’t know, but we’re going to find out.” Magnus replied, grim set.
“Take us with you!” Said Harvey while Indy looked on expectantly.
“You know how to use a gun?” They both nodded. “Ever flown a dragon through space?” They looked at each other bemused and shook their heads. “Well, you’re about to change that.” Magnus looked over to the other rangers. “Mount up guys!”
Alex, Ginge and Leo each ran to the nearest dragons, a deep blue dragon, and green dragon, and a light blue with a yellow bellied dragon respectively. Even with all their gear they vaulted spectacularly on their dragon’s backs, lifted the catches on the great chain necklaces, and sped off, up and out of the cavern through the hole in the ceiling.
“This is going to be weird, but trust me, there’s a lot of magic in these creatures. Just copy me and stay close in the air.” Magnus told the pair left standing.
	He went to the great red and black dragon in the centre of the room. It sniffed him as he walked close, each movement of air through the massive nostrils acting as a gale, swirling Magnus’ overcoat around his legs, but he showed no sign of it even affecting him. He rested a hand briefly on the Dragon’s snout and it calmed immediately. He then swung himself up between its wings and gripped the great scaly neck tightly. 
“Now you guys grab one each!” He shouted to the two nervous humans. They each picked rather small dragons, a deep emerald one for Harvey, and a rather bland coppery brown coloured one for Indy. Rather ungracefully they clambered onto their dragon’s backs and unclasped he necklaces. Then the dragons began to rise and hover while Magnus un shackled the great dragon, it’s necklace reverberating the cavern with an echoed boom as it hit the floor.
His dragon turned a grea long neck upward, flapped a few imes and sped straight up and out of the cavern like an arrow, the two smaller dragons, needing no instruction from their riders flew up in a similar fashion. Indy and Harvey lost sight of Magnus, and everything for that matter, immediately outside the cavern in the swirling white of he blizzard. Soon though, the broke through the tops of the clouds. The blackness of space above them, speckled with 4 dots of colour from the other riders, the whirling tumultuous blanket of fluffy white below them and the bright light and glare of the sun sinking over the much curved horizon.
Very soon they realised they were leaving the barbarian planet behind them at an alarming rate, the curvature of a horizon soon curving into a disc that decreased in size rapidly, until it was just another spot of light that permeated the ever enveloping blackness of space. Up ahead they could just about make out the other dragons, swathes of light representive of the colour of each dragon stretched out far behind them like comets as they flew. 
Travelling along an interstellar rainbow, they were now well on their way to the Dagoba system.

















barack brobama


Grigor, Chainsaw Boy, Napalm Explosionface, Illana and the Ty-Rap-o-Saurus Rex were sitting around a wooden table in the cramped wooden hull of the pirate ship, the only contents of which were five tankards of rum and an oil lantern. The aforementioned oil lantern swung rhythmically over the table in time to the hum and thrum of the hyper drive engine, throwing twice as many shadows onto the wooden walls as people in the room.
	Grigor had taken to wearing a thick lion fur cloak, pinned with great gold medallions, over his fashionable suit. He had barely said a word since they’d left the Barbarian Planet, his stare had been focused three feet in front of himself whenever he sat and there was a whisper going round the ship that looking him in the eyes doomed a man’s soul to hell. They whispered in spite of the fact that everyone could feel the power he now possessed, there wasn’t a person in the room without a slight tingle or a few hairs standing on edge. This powerful aura became even more intense with his deep and brooding mood.
	Chainsaw Boy was still trying to lighten everyone up with the occasional quip or witty joke, which usually dive bombed terribly and caused more angst among the group than it calmed. The main source of Chainsaw Boy’s alleviating mood abilities were entirely unintentional, watching him try to do menial tasks without opposable thumbs or hands made everyone feel much better about their own lives, apart from Illana. The supermodel, being a female, had these odd things called ‘emotions’ and ‘empathy’ which were rumoured to stem from a deep ancient magic. These magic powers made Illana feel sorry for Chainsaw Boy, and over the past week had helped him where others shunned him. Such as teaching him to mend clothes that inevitably got shredded, helping turn pages on books that would inevitably get shredded and even preparing for an upcoming montage sequence in which, through a repeated series of short everyday tasks, Chainsaw Boy starts off clumsily failing at each menial task, but eventually becomes a master at adapting to his debilitating prosthetic malady through the sheer power of trendy pop music, laughter and smiles.
	Unfortunately, this montage sequence hasn’t happened yet, as such, Chainsaw Boy was precariously tipping his tankard upside down above his head with the tankard pinched between the ends of chainsaw hands, and subsequently drowned himself in cheap rum. Although Grigor showed no signs of even accepting Chainsaw Boy existed, everyone felt the tension in the room ease slightly. 
	Napalm Explosionface was sat with one leg crossed in the corner of the room, the crossed leg was his guitar leg, and he was playing a little instrumental ditty that, although cheerful, seemed to physically wilt as it floated through the air. 
	The Ty-Rap-O-Saurus Rex was sat quite awkwardly on the human designed chairs, his tail was pushed out behind him, and his feet were awkwardly placed on the floor in front of him. He had taken to occupying his time by polishing his many large golden medallions that hung heavily from around his neck. But the room was dark, and he was wearing sunglasses along with a trendy youthful cap, so he was still polishing the medallion he’d started with the day before.
	Illana was sitting a low cut dress opposite Chainsaw boy and in between Grigor and the Ty-Rap-O-Saurus. She was staring down into the still full tankard, long dark ponytail hanging behind her. She was contemplating the numerous bad choices she’d made in her life up to that point that led to her hanging out in a cramped cabin with a dinosaur, a paraplegic, a psychopath and an undead pirate legend. 
	 “How much longer will it be until we reach the Dagoba system? We’ve been travelling for 2 days now.” She said looking up from her tankard and breaking the uneasy silence. 
	Napalm stopped playing and looked up. “Another day I presume, is that about right Grigor?” He grunted in approval of this statement. 
	“So we’re going to find the Ice-Wolf and convince him to bestow us with the power of his cajones?”
	“Well yeah, the only way to ensure Volkang doesn’t get all the pieces of awesome is to get them all ourselves first.”
	“Ok, well, do we have a plan? I’ve never heard of this Ice Wolf before, and it’s not likely that he’ll just give them to us.”
	Napalm looked at Grigor “Do we have a plan?” Everyone was now looking expectantly at Grigor, even the Ty-Rap-O-Saurus had stopped polishing his medallion.
	“Yes, we go to the Ice moon of Tarth, find the wolf, and get the cajones.” The uneasy silence returned, Chainsaw Boy began to say something, but was silenced by the glint in Grigor’s eyes.
	“Well, that’s the shittest plan I’ve ever heard.” Illana spoke these words with a strong air of impetuousness, throwing her head back and crossing her arms. Grigor was slightly taken aback by this, people rarely spoke back to him on a good day, and even then it was usually the last thing they ever did. “That’s all there is? Just get it? No other details in this plan of yours?”
	“I, um, well… I guess there might be more to it? Maybe something’ll get smashed?” Illana gave him a stare to signify that this was not an adequate response. “And… maybe, stab some things? No… How about setting something on fire, that’ll work.”
	“How exactly will setting things on fire help us?”
	“No-one knows exactly how setting things on fire always works to resolve a situation, it just always does.” Grigor replied irritably.
	“Ok, how about this, I propose we go to the Ice-Wolf and talk to him first, before setting everything on fire.” She gave a glare round the room inviting a rebuttal. The atmosphere in the room dropped considerably more than it did when Grigor was sulking, and no one replied.
	“Sounds like a good idea” the rest of the group replied in unison, except Grigor, who had taken to sulking again, though it didn’t seem to have the same effect it had a few minutes ago.
	“So what do we know about this Ice-Wolf?”
	“I can tell you the story of him, the last time I saw him he was just a pup, and I believe his story may take the exact amount of time we have left until we reach Tarth.”
	“It’s not a day long story is it? That sounds way too long.” Chainsaw Boy lamented.
	“Space travel does odd things to time boy, you should learn some physics. But, after I’ve told this story.” Napalm cleared his throat, drunk his whole tankard of rum, wrung out his beard and nearly filled it back up again. “This tale starts a several centuries ago, I was a bit younger back then and was travelling around the galaxy working as a first mate. I was fed up from being a captain for half the previous millennia and fancied seeing some of the more remote parts of the universe. We were passing through the Dagoba system to drop off a collection of Dragon eggs to one of the outlying planets, so we stopped off on Tarth for fuel and supplies, I remember that day very well because I bought a fairly delicious pasty from the buy ‘n’ go shop there, also a fridge magnet, a souvenir novelty hat and postcards to send home. The hat was really cool, ha, literally, because we were on an ice planet, and it had a picture of Ice Cube, the rapper, on it saying ‘Tarth is the place to be!’ Man, I adored that hat, you know what, the hat story is far more interesting shall I tell you about that instead?”
	He was answered with a resound no from everyone in the room. “Fine, suit yourselves, where was I? Oh I remember, Tarth. It turns out Tarth isn’t really a moon at all, it was actually a giant floating ice prison, built way back at the beginning of time and completely forgotten about. The reason it is planet sized is because it’s only inmates were two evil ice-giants, each as tall as a skyscraper. Just by co-incidence, as I left the shop a giant hole ripped through the ice sheet, and lo and behold, two horrendously massive giants climbed out. You couldn’t really make out their faces, they were that tall. We all thought we were screwed, even being immortal I would surely be killed if crushed into oblivion by one of them. No sooner had they climbed out, looked around and began stomping that a great white blur tore across everyone’s peripheral vision. The blur shot straight up the slightly less mean Giant’s leg and dashed across its throat. I couldn’t see this due to it being so high up, but the ensuing outburst of blood was like a flood, spraying from the Giant’s throat and filling the ice plains. This blood filled an area the size of a small city, and drained off into the hole the Giants had made, creating a horrendously grim waterfall of haemoglobin.” By this point everyone in the room were edging forward in their seats, even Grigor had stopped feigning distraction and was attentively listening to every word the Pirate spoke.
	“We were about 10 miles away, and up a snow rise, but the blood still created a small tidal wave that lapped against the base of the mound we were standing on like the sea would do to a beach. The giant staggered for a while and fell face forwards to the plains, which took an awfully long time, but when he eventually landed another tidal wave came higher up the snow mound, painting a water line of dark red around the base of our rise. The other Giant was much fiercer, and had swiped at the blur that had launched from the other Giant’s falling shoulder towards his person. This was agonising, the distances involved were staggering, but the Giant’s aim was dead on, but it still took 30 seconds for him to connect, this felt like an eternity, believe me, I would know. He eventually did connect however, with a clap that sounded like thunder, and the Great Wolf flew like a bullet directly from the palm of the monster and into the side of the mountains that surrounded the plains. The crash sent a cloud of debris high up into the air, and caused a giant rock slide that made the whole ground rumble like an earthquake, add to this the slow, deep laugh of the giant and several of our party fell over, along with several of the weaker buildings in the area.”
	“But all was not lost, legendary creatures don’t die so easily, when the dust cleared, standing on top of the rubble was the Great Wolf, a wolf of pure white, a truly majestic creature, if I had to guess I would said it stood ten foot from paw to the tip of its pointed ears. It took a while for the Giant to stop laughing, but when he did the tension was unbearable, we could hear, and feel, him grinding his teeth, all the way up in the clouds.” Napalm took another swig of rum, and by now everyone was on the edge of their seats, eagerly anticipating the climax of the story.
	“Now, the Great Wolf was a spectacular beast, and it’s only from the magic left over in Tarth that he became a legendary creature, he was not the warden of that long forgotten prison, just in the right place at the right time. As such he was severely outmatched by this Giant, he only managed to kill the first Giant by the use of surprise. And this Giant pair was rumoured to have eaten stars and destroyed planets without any apparent gain or motive. So we were all on tenterhooks, it was possible that this was end of the line for all of us, as majestic as the Great Wolf stood, it was apparent he was injured, as could be seen from the multiple patches of red smeared over the tufts of fur. The Wolf opened his maw wide however, and a great wind rushed towards him, as if the air was being sucked out of the planet by him. The lady owner of the shop was standing next to me at this point and I’ll never forget the hushed words she said: ‘The last howl of the wolf’. I wasn’t entirely sure what she meant by this, and was not expecting what happened next. A white light started shining from the wolf’s open mouth, and grew and grew until it was difficult to even see the wolf anymore. Then, without any warning, a massive beam of light shot straight out of the mouth of the wolf. This beam hit the Giant straight in the chest, lifting him slowly off his feet. It looked like the Giant was being launched slowly off into space, only he completely disintegrated, starting from the point where the beam hit his chest, creating a hole right the way through, that expanded until the whole monster was gone. Looking back at where the wolf had been standing there was nothing. Tears of relief, joy and despair rippled through the crowd.” Illana sobbed a little bit, as did Chainsaw Boy, the Ty-Rap-O-Saurus seemed too shocked for words and Grigor smiled at the kindred warrior spirit he recognised in the acts of the Great Wolf.
	After regaining her composure Illana asked a rather prominent question. “What happened to the wolf then?”
	  “I’m not actually sure, it’s most likely that he died. That wasn’t the Ice-Wolf but that day was first time I met him. As a group we hiked up to the point where the Great Wolf was last standing and found a small wolf pup curled up in rubble. No one really knows what was going on, I doubt any one person knows the whole story of the Great Wolf let alone anyone actually documenting what happened or why. There were only around 60 of us there to witness the event, and if we weren’t, then no one would’ve known it happened at all.”
    “It sounds a bit like a phoenix rising from the ashes type story” Chainsaw Boy interjected.
    “I agree” said Napalm, “this Wolf Pup seemed to be the Great Wolf reincarnate. What makes it more profound is that we found it in a ring of ice, that’s where the name comes from. A few other members of the crew and me stayed for a few years on Tarth, raising the Ice-Wolf ourselves until he was old enough to fend for himself. The last I saw of him he was running off across the Ice plains on a frosty morning a few centuries ago. I’ve heard he’s grown into a strong king of the animals that live on Tarth.”
    “Do you think he’ll remember you?” Grigor said gruffly.
    “I’m not sure, he should do.” At this point they heard a knock on the wooden door and it opened, showing the stairs up the deck and a small glimpse of the starry ever-night sky of space. A rather unwashed looking deck hand’s head appeared from behind the door.
    “We’re nearing Tarth sir. We should be landing on the planet within a few hours.” The head then retreated back behind the closing door.
    “What did I tell you son? Space does odd things to time.” Napalm said smugly to Chainsaw Boy.
    “Seems awfully convenient if you ask me” he replied.
    “Convenient or no we need to get ourselves prepared, for all those easily-killed by a bit of barbecue weather” he looked sharply at Chainsaw Boy and Illana “pack some warm clothes.” He then got up and led the way out of the small room.









brobaham lincoln


The Evil Lord Volkang stood on the observation deck, he and the upper ranked captains of his army were looking out through the glass windows that granted a full view of the space where the Barbarian home world used to be.
    Volkang looked like a black shadow draped over sharp edges where his helmet and shoulders were. The eyes sockets were vacuous, they seemed to literally suck in the soul and atmosphere around them, they even appeared to suck in the light around the eye and mouth holes.
    How many others survived? It wasn’t accurate to say that he spoke, it was more of a deep rumble that people felt, rather than heard.
    His second leading captain stared straight out the window, trying not look at him in the face. “Three thousand at the lowest estimate sir, mainly on private craft, two transport frigates left on the dark side early on in the battle. Due to the cultural nature of the barbarians virtually none fled.”
    What were the damages?
    “We lost 3 million in the ground battle around the capital, the barbarians only lost 500,000 men.” He coughed nervously, “a… um… 6 to 1 ratio.”
    Your men are weak captain. Train them harder. What was the final number?
    “When we focused the power of heart to destroy the planet, 4 billion people were killed” He paused, a remorseful lump held briefly in his throat, but that soon passed. “The entire population.” 
    A silver lining, but we still don’t have the spirit. It was passed, the new owner travelled towards the Dagoba system.
    “Should I set our course there?”
    No, we will go for the next piece, set co-ordinates for Lazurus B10.
    “It will be done sir.” The captain saluted and turned away to march down the deck and into the bridge.
    The rest of you, return to your duties, apart from Branson and Whittaker.
    Corporal Branson and his second in command Lieutenant Whittaker remained on the darkened deck while the other chiefs of staff filtered out of the long room. Branson held his moustached face in a defined manner and betrayed none of his nervousness. Whittaker on the other hand was less experienced, and although he attempted to wear a look of confidence, his nervousness was exposed by a bead of sweat that ran down his forehead.
    They both held salutes until the door automatically closed on the final man to leave, and held these while the dark lord turned to face them. This experience was terrible for both men, they couldn’t look away from the lord’s face, but looking into it filled them with dread and fear.
    Coporal Branson, you were assigned the task of catching escapee’s. A very important ship escaped the battle, I can also feel that someone else fled the battle. You have failed.
    “But sir” Branson’s voice was on the edge of breaking, but he managed to hold it together “The planet was so large, and so few people fled. It was a case of being in the right place, right time, there was nothing I could do about..”
    Silence! Corporal Whittaker, your first duty in charge of your regiment is to find the one they call ‘Grigor the Destructionator’ and kill him. But first, kill Branson.
    “W-what do you mean? Right now? But….” Whittaker turned to look at the older man that had stood in as a father figure for him the past decade. Branson looked back into his eyes, the once soulful look had been replaced by sadness with a dash of determination.
    “Do it son.” He said, passing Whittaker his gun. Whittaker held it up, tears welling in his eyes, and pointed it at Branson.
    “I don’t think I can do it.” He said, half pleading to the Lord.
    Do it NOW.
    Branson pulled the gun towards himself and pushed the muzzle into his forehead. “On my mark, 3, 2 …” he paused to take in a deep breath. “1”.
    The flash lit up all of the nooks and crannies, and the bang ricocheted around the room, echoing the death knell that signalled Branson’s death. The sweat from before had mixed in with the tears to drench Whittaker’s cheeks. The tears dripped down off his chin onto the insignia blazoned onto his chest.
    The Dark Lord hadn’t moved at all, and his expressionless features made him appear like a statue of judgement. Whittaker looked up at his face and the head moved slowly until the eye sockets were piercing straight through Whittaker’s eyes.
    Good. Volkang said slowly, then turned to leave the observation deck. Whittaker looked down at Branson’s lifeless body and wiped away a few tears from his face with his sleeve.
“Goodbye friend.” He then turned and followed Volkang out of the observation Deck.
 
***

Harvey was stirring a black coffee, it was refreshing after the 18 hours they’d spent dragon riding. At first it was brilliant, a real thrill, however, soon the excitement wore off. Harvey had now decided it would’ve been much better if they’d managed to find a ship from somewhere.
    They were in a floating stop-station, a type that was quite common along the less well travelled expressway they were travelling down. These stops were just large tankers of hydro-fuel with a small restaurant/shop on. On the main routes some stops had become whole towns, others became cities, and one even became a planet.
This usually happened because the stops were so expensive that sometimes people would unsuspectingly stop there without realising that they had to pay for parking. Sometimes this was so expensive that these people had no choice but to sell their ships in order to pay the fees. This led to them staying there indefinitely and getting jobs, eventually this pattern repeated until each stop would be granted city status.
This stop however was just a medium sized room, with 5 easy clean plastic tables, with plastic wipe clean floors. Outside the glass doors the dragons floated in various directions over the backdrop of near infinite stars. They were leashed quite tightly to the heavy tankers that made up the bulk of the stop. The manager was not happy with this set up, but he knew better than to incite the irk of Magnus and his crew.
Magnus, Indy and Leo were in deep discussion over a collection of maps they’d spread over one of the tables, while Harvey, Ginge and Alex were drinking coffee and generally unwinding. The Rangers had been through this kind of stress countless times before, but Harvey hadn’t, and was massively on-edge. The three of them were sitting quietly, listening to the murmur of voices coming from the other table, until Ginge broke the silence in an attempt to lighten Harvey’s mood.
“Do you want to hear something hilarious?” She asked expectantly “Apparently, back in the past, people thought they couldn’t breathe in space! They actually thought they would die if they came up into space without wearing stupid looking metal suits.”
“Nah, come off it, there’s no way that’s true! No one is that stupid.” Alex exclaimed.
“I’m being totally serious, they actually thought that.”
“Past-people were so weird.”  Harvey said dejectedly into his coffee, “how did they even function?”
“I dunno man.” The conversation seemed to drift off slightly until Ginge elbowed Alex in the ribs. “Oh, You seem pretty down dude, wanna talk about it?”
“Not really”
“Phew, I thought we were going to have to deal with emotions or something.” Alex started to get up.
“Well, I guess this isn’t the way I wanted my life to go.” Alex sat down again, swearing under his breath. “I don’t really want this crazy lifestyle, I mean, any one of us could die. You saw what they did to the Barbarian Homeworld.”
“Well, why don’t you just go home, you do have a home right?” Harvey nodded. “As far as I’m aware no one’s forcing you to do this, but if you left now you’d be the biggest whuss this side of the TRK ring!” Alex and Ginge laughed.
“I don’t get it. Is that some sort of in-joke that neither me nor any separate entity following this story from an unseen perspective would understand?” The two rangers looked at each other and shrugged.
“That was quite an oddly specific and extraneous question, but yeah, that is an in-joke.” Gingeanswered.
“Ah ok, that explains why it makes no sense.” Harvey paused for a second, looked down at his coffee then back up again. “Do you guys ever get the feeling that some sections of life are just sort of filler, like the god controlling your life is just stalling, you know, just trying to pad out the story of your life with more words?”
“No, I don’t really do that religion thing.”
“You don’t even do that thinking thing,” Ginge playfully bantered with him. “Look, Harvey, if you want to go home, just go. I understand that you’re just trying to avoid making the decision by going off on some existential tangent.”
“You’re right. I guess, I might stay, that guy over there.” He pointed at Indy, who was pointing exaggeratedly at some maps. “He’s the closest I have to a family right now, and it looks like he’s sticking around, so I’m sticking with him.”
“I heard that, you’re blatantly gay!” Indy shouted across the café without looking up from the maps.
“I’m quite sure that he doesn’t even know the word irony. But I’m going to stay anyway. My mind is made up.”
Alex looked him in the eye, pulled out a pistol and put it on the table. “It’s dangerous to go alone, take this”
“Serious? That’s a straight quote from a very popular computer game!”
“Not enough for a lawsuit.” Alex smiled back at him. “Just remember, with great power comes great responsibility.”
“Come on! We’re already pushing it here. You guys just don’t care about the law do you?”
“All I can say is that nobody puts baby in the corner,” Ginge added to the conversation. “Besides, you can take our lives, but you can never take our freedom.”
Alex and Harvey both stared at her. “Those didn’t even make sense in context. At least mine were almost relevant!”
Ginge looked down, slightly embarrassed, “I just wanted to join in. I’m sorry.”
“God, you should be, especially if we get sued! It seems like we have 99 problems but a bitch ain’tone.” Harvey lamented to himself.
Magnus walked over to the table and stood in front of the trio, he leaned down to Harvey. “Wrong medium dude,” and leaned back to the middle of the table. “Alirght, listen up, Grigor’s going after the five pieces of awesome, the Dragon Heart and the Barbarian Spirit have both been picked up, and we’re pretty sure that Grigor went after the Cajones of the Wolf. So, our choices are the Rainbow Horn of the Interstellar Unicorn, or the Flaming Motorbike of the Great Bear. Seeing as the unicorn hasn’t been seen in millennia and flits about the universe avoiding people, we’re going after the Motorbike. Don’t ask any questions because we don’t have a plan yet, but we’ll make one on the way. Move out guys.”
Everyone nodded in approval, finished off their drinks and started to pack their objects away. “And luckily, it’s most likely that Volkang’s gone after Grigor to the Dagoba system.” Ginge and Harvey heaved a sigh of relief while Alex laughed.
“Haha, it would be a suicide mission if he wasn’t” He said while shouldering his rifle and turning towards the door.










queen elizabeth ii of the united bro-dom


“Do you have any idea of where we’re actually going?” Grigor asked Napalm over the howling blizzard. The pair were both dressed normally, Grigor with his suit and fur cloak wile Napalm wore the traditional pirate garb. The rest of the group, however, were all wearing thick bright parkas with fur hoods held up close over their faces. The Ty-rap-o-saurus had to cut a hole in the back of his parka to accommodate his dinosaur tail.
    They were somewhere in the wintry wastes of the ice planet Tarth, around 40 clicks north of the quick-stop that was the only settlement on the planet. They’d anchored the ship to the surface and it was currently floating high above the storm cloud.
    “I’ll be honest, I’m not really sure where we are. I told you earlier, I’m just going on a hunch!” Napalm shouted back over the blizzard.
    “You guys had better work out were we’re going soon before I get seriously angry!” Illana called out from inside the dark hollow provided by her hood. Grigor and Napalm looked at each other.
    “I reckon we should probably figure out where we’re going… sooner rather than later” said Napalm.
    “I agree. You know what, we’ll head back to the ship and re-think our plan. Which way was it?” Grigor looked around at the group and noted the silence. “No one was checking which way we’d come?”
    “I thought you were doing that” Chainsaw boy shaped parka pipped up.
    “Aw, come on, that’s the least original novel device ever! Whatever, we’ll go, um… “Grigor spun round and pointed in a random direction “this way!” He set off into the blizzard, quickly disappearing in the wall of white. The rest of the group hurried after him to keep up.
    They walked arbitrarily through the deep blizzard, never entirely certain of where they were actually going, just stumbling for what seemed like an eternity. Grigor ploughed right on through curtain after curtain of snow. Chainsaw–Boy was a little bit confused by the whole situation, he was sure he didn’t see a blizzard from the sky where they drew anchor.
    “Grigor, Napalm” he called out to the two darkened shapes a little way in front of him, they clarified into two people as he got closer. “I didn’t see this blizzard earlier, could something be up? It seems awfully suspicious that it would just roll in like this.” Napalm had turned around to address him while Grigor stopped looking into the whiteness.
    “It’s the Ice-Wolf, Grigor and I can both feel his magic.” Grigor nodded, still looking ahead. “It’s entirely possible that he’s playing with us, or it’s a test. We just have to carry on until we find something out here. If it’s any consolation, even if we’d remembered where the ship was, we wouldn’t be able to find it, this is strong magic.” Grigor looked over his shoulder and interjected.
    “We’d best head on now, I doubt the Wolf will kill us in this blizzard, but you guys will stay warmer by moving, and we’ll get to wherever we need to go a bit quicker.” He swung about and carried on the relentless march while Illana and the Ty-rap-o-saurus caught up.
    “Man, this shit is freezing yo, you hear me! F-ree-zing.” Out of all of them, being cold blooded meant that the Ty-rap-o-saurus felt the cold the worst. His suit had special warming coils that were charged by a battery hung around a chain on his neck. Even out in the terrible weather he was still wearing sunglasses and a cap.
    They carried on walking for another hour, filled with cold trudging and vocalised begrudging, until the wall of white turned a lot darker, and they walked directly into the mouth of a huge cave.
    “That’s really weird” Chainsaw-Boy said, “it feels, not like I’ve personally done this before, but like someone else I’m linked to has done this before. Sort of like psychic déjà vu.” Everyone shook the snow out of their hoods and hair before giving Chainsaw-Boy a ‘you are weird’ glare. Under the pressure of his break from deemed normality he added, “just ignore that, I must be going snow crazy, more talking to myself, you know. ”
    The cave had a deep blue hue in its ambient light, it was made entirely of ice, such a pure ice that the walls looked like deep sapphires. The cave wasn’t very deep, and quickly hollowed out into a medium sized circular room, with a raised circular pedestal in the middle. On top of this sat a very large white wolf.
    “What business do you intend to conclude on Tarth humans?” The wolf said. It sat tall and proud,it’s streamlined coat shone with a gloss that could only be produced by a magical creature and as it spoke, the troupe caught flashes of incredibly sharp teeth.
    “We are after the 3rd piece of awesome, the cajones of Ice-Wolf.” Grigor said, taking a step forward and standing in front of the pedestal, looking up at the wolf. “Can you help us with this?”
    The wolf looked down with an air of indignation, “no, I cannot. I sense you already hold the spirit of the barbarian king, but you are not Argennon. Explain this.”
    “Argennon is dead, Volkang was resurrected and killed him, and he has the Dragon Heart.”
    “I see, well giving you the cajones is not simple…” The wolf stopped, sniffed and looked down, slightly agitated. He quickly returned to sitting up proudly and curled his tail around his feet. “You, pirate, step forward, I have a feeling I know you but I cannot place you.” The wolf was slightly alarmed, he was one of the most powerful creatures in the universe and was very wise, but he just could not remember this pirate. The wolf’s knowledge was never in question, so what was happening here?
    “Yes, you know me, Ice-Wolf. But my scent changes century to century, I’m not surprised you don’t remember me.” He paused for effect. “My name is Napalm, and I raised you.”
    The wolf eyed him suspiciously from his pedestal. He jumped down to the snow covered ground of the cave, and ran on all fours over to Napalm. He sniffed the air round the pirate, and circled him twice.
    “You are the one who raised me.” The wolf said, sitting down in front of him. The wolf’s head was level with his shoulders, and he stared into him with ice blue eyes. “In this case, I will help you out. But first I need to explain the cajones, and how they work.”
    The wolf turned around, agile and quick, and jumped back up on to the pedestal. On top of the pedestal he returned to his proud sitting position. “It’s true that the cajones are one of the 5 Pieces of Awesome. But they are not like the others, they cannot be passed from creature to creature, like the spirit or the soul, neither are they real objects, like the Dragon Heart or the motorbike. Thecajones are a manifestation of bravery and courage, so they are not transferred but earnt.” He bent his head low to the ground sniffed, then looked back up and appeared to see something outside of the cave.
    “Very odd,” he mused to himself, “it can’t be connected, but, the timing...”
    Grigor took a step forward. “What are you talking about? How do we earn the cajones?”
    “I think the universe is answering your question.” The wolf replied, looking down on the group. Without warning, the ground started to shake. Illana and the Ty-rap-o-saurus both fell over, more due to the tiredness instilled in them by the hours of intense cold. Grigor pulled out his sword by instinct and spun around, before realising he couldn’t stab an earthquake, Napalm and Chainsaw-boy both stumbled but managed to stay upright. The wolf however, did not move an inch throughout the few seconds of the floor moving. The blue ice walls held up strongly against the violent movement of their foundations.
    “I didn’t realise they have earthquakes on this planet” Illana said, standing back up once the rumbling had stopped.
    “We don’t” said the wolf from atop his pedestal.
    “Then what was that?” The Ty-rap-o-saurus asked.
    “The third Giant.” Another rumble shook through the ice cave.
    “That can’t be. There were only two, and I saw the previous version of you kill them!” Napalm told him.
    “Yes, but I have explored the inner prison of the planet, it is too large, even I haven’t seen all of it. I had a hunch that there was another Giant down there. All the original records were lost, so this is entirely plausible. The reason it’s come out now, when you five stand before me, is no co-incidence. This I can assure you.”
    “Are you suggesting that this is our chance to earn the cajones?” Grigor said, starting to become interested. He practiced a few swings with his flaming broadsword at imaginary foes. “Yes, let me at this Giant!” He turned around, screaming his own name as he charged out of the cave.
    “Your barbarian friend’s enthusiasm is commendable, however I believe he underestimates the voracity and size of this enemy.” With this the wolf stepped down and trotted out of the cave, while the other members nervously followed him.
    The blizzard had completely cleared to reveal an artic plain beneath them, a mountain behind them and mountains all the way towards the horizon left and right. The white plain would usually just contain the great hole created all those centuries ago, and a lot of snow. Today however it contained those three things, along with a gigantic man.
The giant stood at least a mile high, the clouds listing lazily around his chest, occasionally obscuring its head and shoulders. This was a good thing because the giant was horrendously ugly.
Another article was added to the plain in the form of Grigor running down the slope from the cave mouth to the plain. He had run about three hundred meters before he stopped, turning around to shout back to the group.
“He’s a lot further away than he looks!” Grigor’s bloodlust was starting to fade as he realised that it would take a solid hour’s of charging at the enemy before he’d reach it. He tramped his way back up the slope to re-join the group. They all turned to the wolf to see what he would do.
“I’m sorry to ruin your plans, but getting rid of this evil is more important than wasting a chance to kill it on a hunch.” He turned to Napalm, “thank you very much for raising me, I am eternally grateful. Goodbye.”
The wolf then stood solidly on all four legs facing the far away giant, and braced himself as he opened his jaw wide. A blue light began to form the open jaw as if coming from inside the wolf. This light grew and grew until it was a blinding blue orb in front of the wolf. The Giant’s massive head slowly turned from scanning the horizon, to staring directly down at where they were all standing.It’s building sized red eyes stroke terror into Illana, Chainsaw-Boy and the Ty-rap-o-saurus’ hearts.
“The last howl of the Ice-Wolf” Napalm said out loud to the group. They all took a few steps back away from the wolf, feeling the static tug lightly at their hair. Eventually the light was so blinding that the group had to hold their arms over their eyes.
Without warning a shockwave pushed its way over the group and out over the plain, creating a small tidal wave of snow, the epicentre of which was the wolf. Following this shockwave the light got so bright they all had to close their eyes, when they opened them an ice-blue streak was flying across the sky like the trail left by a plane.
It headed directly towards the centre of the Giant, almost identically to the one that killed the previous giant all those centuries before. Due to the immense distance it took about fifteen seconds for the beam to hit it. For most of those seconds it seemed as if the beam was never going to reach its target; as if time had slowed right down, and had no intention of speeding back up again.
When it did hit however, another source of light blinded the group, this time it was more similar to the world’s large spark. Once their weary eyes had re-adjusted they noticed something was wrong. The beam was now heading lazily off into space over the horizon, and the Giant was still standing, possibly even laughing. Looking at his glinting chest they noticed that this Giant had planned ahead.
In a hole burnt through his tunic by the beam they could see his undershirt, from their distance it appeared to be made entirely of tin-foil. They turned away from the traumatic hypnotism of the evil Giant’s laughter to look at where the Wolf was standing. The only problem was that he wasn’t standing there anymore. There was however, a small wolf cub, curled up in a ball by his furry tail, in the circle of scorched rock where the Ice Wolf had been standing.
Chainsaw-boy did a double take on the baby wolf. He then looked back at the Giant that was starting to rip up mountains that bordered the opposite side of the plain. “Is he doing what I think he’s doing?” Chainsaw-boy spoke to the group as the Giant felt the weight of one mountain he’d pulled up, dropped it, and began feeling the weight of another one.
“Looks like he’s choosing a freaking mountain for a club!” Grigor announced, his hand covering his eyes from the sun so he could get a better look. “These guys really do have the power to destroyplanets, I thought it was just an exaggeration.”
After fussily choosing a mountain that was taller than it was wider the Giant began wielding it. He held the mountain high over his head with both hands, and brought it down, crashing it into the planet and sending a mushroom cloud of snow up into the air, almost completely hiding the Giant.
Several thin, but miles long cracks began to appear across the plain. The shake of the floor had thrown all of them up in the air and they landed in various states of disarray. Due to the adrenaline they were all back on their feet almost instantly afterwards.
“What can we do!” Illana shouted, she was beginning to panic, and became a much higher pitch than normal. In fact the whole group was beginning to panic, looking around for something to fight with, anything that could be effective against a mile high giant. They all came up on a blank, except for Chainsaw-boy.
“Grigor!” He shouted, getting Grigor’s attention, “how far can you throw? Especially a human sized object.”
“Well I could most probably throw you into orbit, but we don’t have time for that now…” Grigor trailed off as the cogs in his brain started turning over. He looked at Chainsaw-boy with a stern look “you know exactly what your chances of surviving are if we try this right?”
“I’m fully aware, but I don’t see any other way of doing this, at least not a way that’ll work.”
“What are you guys talking about, what do you mean, chances of surviving?” Illana asked them worriedly.
“What’s your exact idea? You’re going to need more than just to hit him.” Grigor said, relatively calmly, which was more than could be said of Illana who was practically screaming now.
“What are you guys talking about?” Chainsaw-Boy turned to her and looked deeply into her face, making sure he held her gaze.
“I have to admit, I think you’re kind of person I could’ve fell in love with. So, I have to know, if I asked you out, would you have said yes?” She nodded, a singular tear rolling down her cheek while he smiled. “That’s all I needed to know. Ok, here’s the plan. Next time he raises that mountain, throw me at him, aim for one of the arms, that should make him drop the arm on himself and, voila, one dead Giant.”
A great boom filled the atmosphere of the planet, throwing the crew up in the air and down again. They picked themselves up with purpose this time, Chainsaw-boy walked over to Grigor, while everyone stepped back in silence.
“Throw me now!” Chainsaw-boy shouted. Grigor grabbed him by the feet and spun around three times, like a professional hammer thrower, and shot him off at great speed towards the Giant.
Chainsaw-boy flew through the air, both his chainsaw’s pointed forwards. The icy wind whipped at his face, and he couldn’t see, but he was determined in his mission. While he was flying the Giant had lifted the mountain up above his head, preparing to collide it into the planet for another time.
It took Chainsaw-boy very little time to cross the massive distance, and Grigor’s aim was dead-on, crashing directly into the shoulder of the Giant. He held both his chainsaw’s out in front of him, grinding away the flesh of the Giant as he passed straight through and out the other side.
The Giant screamed out in agony, in such a low voice that he couldn’t be heard or felt. For the intrepid group of observers he was screaming silently, which only made the scene more disturbing. Because he was so big everything happened in slow motion. First, the arm holding the mountain above his head buckled at the shoulder, then it appeared to go limp under the strain. The point of the mountain then slowly descended towards the still screaming giant’s head.
The point of the mountain collided with the top of the Giant’s head. It then continued its descent back the planet’s surface, regardless of the obstacle now in its way. The Giant folded and crumpled under it, like a squishy accordion. Soon there was only an upside-down mountain left, accompanied by two arms sticking out at odd angles, and two legs stretched out in front across the plain.
It looked like a surrealist painting, almost as if you looked close enough you would find a deep meaning in the abstraction. The only deep meaning in this real-life scenario was that the Giant was now well and truly dead. A feeling of relief swept across Grigor and his group, Illana was still crying however, while the Ty-rap-o-saurus’ silence was broken by his shivering.
Napalm looked across at Grigor, “we had best get these guys back on the ship where it’s warm and that fella.” He pointed at the still fast asleep wolf cub. “We can come back and look for Chainsaw-boy’s body, we’ll give him a proper burial, worthy of the hero he is.
The troupe then trudged slowly and solemnly out across the plain back to the small dot in the sky they recognised as their ship, anchored about twenty miles to the south, along the mountain ridge. With the wolf cub curled up warmly in the breast of Napalm’s jacket.












gin and juice

Harvey was asleep, oblivious of the rough jostling, in the saddle of his dragon. They had been travelling for 4 days now, and this was only the second time he’d had any respite in the form of sleep. 
	Magnus eyed Harvey suspiciously from his position at the back of the group. He slapped the huge black and crimson dragon on the shoulder blade twice, at this the dragon sped up until he was alongside Indy and his steed. Magnus leaned as far over as he dared towards Indy.
	“What is Harvey doing? It looks weird, like a trance.” The barbarians never slept, so he did not really understand what was happening.
	“What’s happening is that he’s going into a voluntary, temporary coma where he will hallucinate vividly for 7 to 9 hours while his life processes slowly shut themselves down. Then he’ll go through a phase of sudden amnesia when he recovers from this mini coma or death like state.”
	“That sounds ridiculous!” Magnus said with disbelief, “does this happen a lot, or is he a one off?”
	“Nope, all of us humans do it, practically every day.  We see it as being perfectly normal.”
	“You humans are weird and odd” Magnus said, lighting up a cigarette and contemplating the cultural shock he was currently going through. They all floated through space quietly contemplating, the only sound was the occasional flap of dragon wings.
	“I also heard that past-people used to think there was no sound in space!” Ginge said, breaking the silence, “which is just stupid, because I wouldn’t be able to talk to you guys now if that was true.” The rest of the gang nodded to her, not really sure what to say to this.
	After an hour of quiet and occasional pleasantries the planet they were after came into view. It started off as small, off white dot far away, as they got closer, the planet became larger and greener. In fact, it was soon big enough that they could see that the whole planet was green.
	“There it is sir! Lazarus b10!” Leo shouted across to Magnus.
	“Thanks Leo, but I was very much aware of the planet, it’s quite hard to miss.” Tempers were fraying slightly after the three day long ordeal.
	“This is a forest planet right? That’s why it’s so green.“ Alex announced to the group smugly. Magnus glared at him but held his tongue. “What’s the plan anyway? How are we supposed to get this flaming motorbike?” He looked over at Magnus expectantly.
	“Well, we’re either going to buy it, steal it, trade for it or borrow it. I’m hoping that if we explain the situation, he’ll just give it to us. But the owner of the bike at the moment is the Bear leader of the Lazarus Hell’s Angels gang. I have a feeling he won’t just be inclined to give it to us, and taking it isn’t going to be easy.”
	“So we’ll play it by ear?” Ginge said, bringing her dragon up and in line with the others. 
	“Affirmative,” he looked back at Indy trying to gently wake up Harvey “I’ll need you to look out after those two, I’m sure Indy can handle himself, but I have doubts about Harvey.”
	“Are you sure sir? I could be of so much more use.” Ginge’s red hair flicked lazily behind her in the space wind, she knew that Magnus would never change his mind once he’d decided on something.
	“No, you’re the only one who knows him.” She could hear the strength in his voice and decided to not push any further. For the next hour they floated along in silence, with Magnus’ great black and red dragon leading the way, a crimson trail following out from behind. Looking down on him in space he appeared to be flying on nothing, and from underneath the dragon’s crimson read belly stood out stark against the backdrop of the stars.
	Leo and Alex flanked Magnus, while Ginge flew directly behind them, creating a multi-coloured diamond pattern. Indy and Harvey’s smaller dragons struggled along behind them side by side. By now the dragon’s where getting very agitated, they kept shuffling their saddles about as they flew and let out the occasional growls into space.
	After a while Harvey fully woke up, although it didn’t make much difference. Space is so dark that the only real difference between asleep and awake for the past 3 days had been the dragons and the stars. At least it gave Harvey an opportunity to do something no astronomer had ever done before, count all the stars. There were 457 stars in the universe, Harvey knew that other people suggested that there were a whole lot more than that, but he’d seen all of them with his own eyes, and he trusted them better.
 	Now a lot the view of the stars were obscured by this great big green planet looming in front of them. Fluid white cloud structures swirled around over the surface, making a marked difference between the deep green that covered the entire globe. Ginge slowed her dragon and dropped in line with Harvey and Indy. She called out to the both of them.
	“Guys, we’re about to do a re-entry, we’re going to be going fast, and it’s going to get hot. You have to keep your head down to stay streamlined, this will decrease friction and stop you burning up.” She laid her chin on the back of the Dragon’s neck to show how streamlined they should be. Up ahead Magnus, Alex and Leo all spurred their dragons on to a full speed assault on the atmosphere of this, now very close, forest planet. “Alright, let’s go! Follow me lead” She hollered while speeding off.
	Indy and Harvey shrugged at each other, put their heads down and dug their heels into their respective dragon’s flanks. The dragons both shot off like rainbow bullets, adding their coloured trails to the trails of the other dragons.
	Harvey had his chin tucked tightly against the dragon’s neck, his back already aching from the awkward angle. While they were flying through space there was no sound, and only an occasional lick of space wind. Now they began to feel a real wind again as they entered the planet’s atmosphere.
	It began as a slight breeze on the face and a faint whisper, but soon it grew and grew until it became a vicious howl. Harvey soon found he couldn’t see, although it didn’t matter because his world had become a blur of green. He also now couldn’t hear, and as such he just tucked himself, blind to the world, against the rough neck of the dragon. He knew that he was still travelling towards the planet at a very fast speed due to the pull of G forces on his stomach. 
	After several minutes the feeling came back to his stomach and the howling dropped away from his ears. He opened his eyes to see a fresh sight. They were flying a few hundred meters about an endless green forest that rolled over valleys and hills. He sat back upright as the dragon glade along, and looked back at the rainbow trail that curved upwards and out into space. Looking ahead the team were all flying, much more energetically than the lazy coasting they’d been doing before. The dragon’s seemed much happier to be on a real planet again, playfully throwing fire at each other, Leo was nearly barbecued in a such a tussle. 
	They flew for a while over the land while looking for somewhere open to land, eventually Magnus pointed down at a hilly outcrop stuck up and out of the tree line. He spiralled round and round, descending towards the outcrop with the others following. His huge dragon landed heavily on the large flat expanse that made up the hill. The other 4 dragons came to land in around him. 
	Each member of the group tied their own dragon to one of the thick trees that were sparsely dotted about the outcrop. Once they were secured and settled Magnus set about organising the group, Leo was ordered to set up camp, while Alex and Ginge went out to secure the perimeter.
After a few hours, everything was set and Ginge was cooking over a small fire they had started. The bright sun was starting to go down in the cloudless sky, and the air was nice and cool. Magnus came to sit down with the others who were lounging around in front of the tents.
“Get some good sleep tonight lads, tomorrow we’re heading out into that forest.” Magnus pointed out at the view from the outcrop. “Somewhere out there is the fourth piece of awesome, and we’re going to find it.”
	
***

Chainsaw-boy coughed, a full body racking cough that caused him to convulse and roll over, he was on all fours and eventually regained control of his respiratory system. He looked around at the snowy shelf he was kneeling on, it jutted out of a very steep, white and windy slope. There was a single pine tree breaking out from the snowy blanket that shared the shelf with him. Looking around further he noticed that he was a very long way up a large mountain.
	He found he could stand, and stood, shin deep in snow facing out from the jutting edge of the shelf. Standing in the shade provided by the lee-side slope of the mountain he looked out across a huge plain. Closest to him down on the plain, and slightly towards the left, a giant hole opened up into the earth. A little way behind that was a very odd sight that he’d never seen before. An upside down mountain-like pyramid stood, held up by two giant arms that came straight out of the earth.
	What an odd sight, he thought to himself, then suddenly it hit home. He’d done that! His plan had paid off and they’d destroyed the giant. He gave a slight whoop and pumped his arm in celebration. The following thoughts were not so grand, and mainly consisted of what the hell he was going to do now. Then as more gears clicked into place he remembered about the others.
	Thinking back, it occurred to Chainsaw-Boy that, at no point in his association with the group, had he mentioned his amazing healing abilities. In fact, he’d forgotten he had them as well. Looking down, he checked his elbow watch, it was lunchtime the next day. 
Dammit, they’d surely given up looking for him by now, and they most probably had the Cajones of the Great Wolf as well. Knowing the seriousness of their quest, he figured they would already be on their way to find the next piece by now. Chainsaw-Boy resigned himself to what was looking like a long future with only snow-angels and snowmen for company.
He sat kneeled down to wipe the blood off his chainsaws, brushed the snow off the edge of the jutting ledge and sat down, dangling his legs over the two hundred foot drop. 
“Think you’re brave enough to jump off?” Chainsaw-boy looked around, unflinching at this surprise sound.
“Who is that?” He asked the chill air.
“Turn around,” said a strong but polite voice, a voice resonating with respect. Getting up and turning around, he found himself face to face with a large wolf. The wolf stood taller than him, had a thick shaggy mane that was pure white, apart from tinges of red at the edges, and down by his paws. He was flanked by a smaller blue tinged wolf on his left and a yellow tinged one on the other side. Chainsaw-boy recognised the wolf on the left as the one they’d met earlier in the cave.
“We are the great wolves.” It said, “we saw what you did, and would like to thank you for, ahem, assisting us.” The turned to shoot a quick glare at the blue tinged wolf, who looked rather sheepish for a wolf.
	“Thanks, but where were you guys yesterday? I mean, we all thought you were dead.” 
	“Allow me to prove a point.” The wolf bared his teeth, started snarling, and leapt at Chainsaw-Boy, his jaws open, sharp canines glinting. He launched himself directly for Chainsaw-Boy’s throat, claws out first, as fast as a blur. Chainsaw-Boy stood firm, aware that, at the speed the Wolf was going there was nothing he could do. He did have time for one last thought as he closed his eyes though, wolves are asshats.
	He kept his eyes closed for about 4 seconds before opening them again, to see the wolf standing in front of him again. 
	“Yes, we are dead, and you have answered a vital question I had about you.” The wolf spoke assuredly, “how do you feel now? I’m talking emotionally, not physically.”
	“Well, I kind of fancy Illana, but I think that she might be more impressed with Grigor, even though we’re closer. Grigor just seems to get all the girls.” The wolf stared at him, slightly dumbfounded.
	“You humans are idiots. I’m not talking emotionally, I mean, how do you feel about… things...” The wolf trailed off, regained his thoughts and spoke again. “Look, I tried being mysterious, but you are too stupid for that so I’ll lay it out for you. You now have the Cajones of the Great Wolf, which were once mine, you are now one of the bravest things in the universe. Don’t abuse this power.” 
	The wolf was still riled by the failure of his reincarnation yesterday and wasn’t in the mood to drag this out. “Now we must go.” The trio faded away in front of Chainsaw-Boy’s eyes.
	“How am I supposed to get back?” he called out to the empty air where the wolves stood only seconds ago. 
	“As a conveniently developing plot device, you can now fly, think of it as a reward for being super brave.” The nothingness called back, “also, this sticker.” 
	Chainsaw-Boy looked down, and there on his jacket was a small round gold sticker, with a smiling star on it. Around the edge it had the words: I gave it my best effort.
	“Uh…Thanks guys.” Chainsaw-Boy called out.
	“No worries.” The voice dragged out the last syllable until it turned it a ghostly oohh that eventually faded out. 
	Turning around, Chainsaw-Boy faced the edge, and ran for it. It was until he’d jumped that he realised that maybe the wolves were bullshitting him.























straight outta compton

The entire crew stood rigid, in a solemn salute, across the length of the deck. Five of the deck hands carried the pine box slowly down the line, while Napalm slowly played a dark dirge on the ship’s organ. Grigor, Illana and the Ty-rap-o-saurus walked at the back of the procession, all dressed in black. Illana wiped away at her tears with a handkerchief.
	The hands placed the pine box on the gangplank and slid it forward, until the box was suspended a few hundred feet above the arctic plain. The chill wind whipped across the deck that high up, stinging the tears of each crew member. Illana walked over to the guard rail, mopped away the last few tears and dropped her handkerchief over the side. It danced in the wind, flitting and flapping down into the wintery land below. 
	“I loved you too,” she whispered into the wind. Just then laser beams shot off into the sky in a 21 gun salute. Grigor put a boot on the edge of the plank and spoke to the box.
	“I’ll see you in Valhalla, friend,” he pushed the box off the gangplank. It tipped slowly over the edge, angled downwards, and disappeared out of sight. He stood and waited, a few seconds later a boom echoed out across the plain as the box exploded on the snowy ground.
	Grigor turned around, everyone on the deck was looking at him expectantly, so Grigor stared back at them expectantly. This awkward situation pertained until someone at the back of the deck cried “speech!”
	“Oh, you want me to speech? I understand now.” Grigor rarely attended funerals. “Um, well Chainsaw-Boy was fine man, of 38 years. I remember the first time I saw him, crawling out of some flaming rubbish all shocked and disorientated. When I saw his chainsaw arms that first time, I knew, he was destined to be my short lived sidekick. He had a clumsy start in the life of a sidekick, he lacked the ability to do any normal human task. But I know that he truly loved those arms, and for him, the sacrifices were worth it.
	“I often said to myself as he walked around the ship, struggling to wear clothes and open doors, ‘my god, this man is a total berk, why didn’t I pick someone else?’ But yesterday, he proved his mettle, and showed us all his giant heart. Haha, giant, get it?” The crowd gasped, and Grigor took this as a sign that his jokes were hilarious.
	“To be honest, I don’t even try, what can I say, I’m just naturally witty. Anyway, where was I? Oh yes,” he coughed to clear his throat. “Although he struggled with eating and drinking, Chainsaw-Boy’s biggest strength was arm-wrestling. Although he won every match on a forfeit, he will always be remembered as a champion arm-wrestler.”
	“Not a giant-slayer?” Chainsaw-boy’s voice called out from behind him, at the end of the gangplank.
	“Nope, because I slayed the Giant, if it wasn’t for my amazing throwing skills it would never have happened.” Grigor retorted stubbornly, not turning around. “And seriously, have some respect for the dead, I’m trying to speech here.” He cleared his throat again. “In summation, Chainsaw-boy, the arm wrestling champion, was a so-so kind of guy. Whom only slayed a giant by proxy, that is what we should remember from this.” Grigor bowed his head and waited for the slow clap, it never came.
	“Oi, I told you that was a giant thumb wot we put in that box” One dirty pirate said to his neighbour, whose mouth was all agape. Grigor turned slowly and looked at Chainsaw-boy, who was standing smugly, chainsaws folded on the end of the gangplank.
	“Is that what I think it is?” Grigor said, pointing to Chainsaw-Boy’s chest.
	“Yeah,” came the short reply.
	“A… a gold star?” Grigor said, his voice certainly not lacking amazement, “but, where? How?!”
	“Nothing major, I just met the ghost of the original Great Wolf, he gave it to me, no biggie.” Chainsaw-boy coolly told him, almost verging on bragging.
	“Did he give you that for the whole giant thing yesterday? He knows that it was me who slew it right? That you were just a proxy?!” Desperation gripped his voice, “where is the wolf now?!”
	“He disappeared into thin air, it’s a ghost dude, they don’t really exist.” Chainsaw-boy could tell that this was about to get out of hand.
	“But I need a gold star” Grigor stropped, accenting his words by flapping his arms with each syllable. A single tear rolled down from his eye, then took the express shortcut via his facial scar into the mess of Grigor’s beard.
	Chainsaw-boy walked along the gangplank to him and tried his best consoling voice. “You can have mine if you like?”
	Grigor turned away from him and looked down at his feet. “It’s not the same,” he said quietly. Turning away from the gangplank, still looking down, Grigor walked over to Napalm. “Prepare to travel to Lazarus b10” he said quietly, avoiding eye contact. “I’ll be in my quarters,” he then took off and disappeared through a wooden door that led to the interior of the ship.
	Chainsaw-boy strode off the gangplank and onto the middle of the deck. “Hey guys, I forgot to mention earlier that I have super healing powers, also, I got the next piece of awesome, yay!” He threw one chainsawed arm into the air, pointing towards the crow’s nest at the top of the mast.
	A raucous applause broke out on the ship. Every crew member was laughing and hugging, shouting and whooping. Someone had popped a champagne bottle, sending the cork flying over the deck and spraying the black clad pirates in the alcoholic drink. Another pirate pulled the cloth off a banquet table to reveal twelve plates of party rings, while a second handed out party hats.
	Chainsaw-Boy wondered as a conga line shimmied past him, this seems awfully well prepared for a surprise impromptu celebration. But his fears about his social standing within the group were cut short, as were the celebrations. 
From deep within the hull of the ship an incredibly loud sobbing could be heard. A collective sigh of pity rolled through the crowd, but they quickly went back to partying. Someone started playing the Spice Girl’s ‘greatest hits’ on the organ to drown out the sound of crying.

***

Magnus was leading the way through the undergrowth, it was much more humid on Lazarus b10and as such he’d decided to just wear a combat vest. He had standard green and black camouflage smeared across his face, along with a dark green bandana. The other members of the group were similarly garbed, rifles slung across their backs, machetes out in hands, ready for anything.
Harvey and Indy on the other hand, were still wearing casual clothes. Indy had managed to find a nice Hawaiian shirt, a bright azure blue with orange palm trees. Harvey was wearing a yellow t-shirt with a picture of a disco fox wearing sunglasses on it.
High above them monkeys swung through the forest, horrendously offended by the sight of Indy’s shirt. 
“I must say,” a top-hat wearing monkey called Harris said to his friend that was swinging alongside him. “I thought that humans were well dressed.”
“As did I my friend,” Maurice, a monkey with bright gold teeth and sunglasses called back. “Obviously we were wrong, I shall show my dismay by flinging dung at him.” Maurice tried throwing dung mid-swing, but due to the sunglasses he missed massively.
“Raarrghhhhh!!” screamed a large creature rising up out of the undergrowth only feet away from Indy. “That was my eyes!!” The standing bear was clutching at his face. He slowly stopped, lowered his hands and looked down at the collection of terrified faces below him. “Oh crap.”
Turning around he ran on all fours over to a bush by a tree trunk, pulling it back to reveal a super sporty motorbike. The bear jumped on the motorbike, kicking it into life.
“Quickly, get on these bikes and chase him” Magnus shouted, pointing to a collection of bikes hidden in bushes around the bear, who quickly sped off, creating a cloud of dust and mud.
They all jumped on the numerous motorbikes, Magnus had a super neat motocross bike with all skulls painted on it, Leo an old army bike, with Ginge in the side car, Alex had a sports bike similar to the one the bear had rode off on and Indy had picked a moped with hundreds of mirrors. 
It was until they’d got a few hundred meters through the undergrowth, dodging trees and following the muddy track left by the bear, that Harvey realised he’d got on a push-bike. He jumped off and onto the back of Indy’s Vespa style moped. The fixed gear bicycle rode itself upright through the ferns that covered the ground, bumping along, until eventually it hit a tree, exploded, and the tree slowly begin to topple.
The bear managed to duck underneath the falling tree as it crossed his path, slamming down across the track. Undeterred, Magnus and the other rangers leapt their motorbikes over the fallen tree, doing all kinds of sweet tricks, Indy and Harvey did a backflip. Everyone was impressed.
The bear kept disappearing and reappearing as the track twisted through the endless forest, the trees became just a dull brown blur at the speed they were travelling. In an attempt to throw them off, the bear rode through a pile of conveniently place boxes, sending cardboard flying everywhere. Fortunately the rangers were all super-duper motorbike riders, and only Indy had to slow down to weave around the boxes.
Suddenly, and without warning, the bear slammed his brakes on, rear wheel locked up, skidding from side to side through the mud. The following crowd did the same thing, almost all crashing into one another. The reason for the Bear’s emergency stop soon became apparent, standing in the middle of the track, one wing held out flat towards them, was a very official looking flamingo. His pink feathers were offset by a high visibility jacket and a very official looking dark blue hat. He looked at them all very disappointedly.
“you do know why I’ve stopped you right?” the police flamingo asked, rhetorically. They all had the same thought, oh crap, regardless of what rules were broken however, this was between the rangers and the bear, possibly. In actual fact, none of them really knew why they were in a motorbike chase, but that was no longer the point. They all shook their heads slowly.
“Ok, I’ll tell you why, what’s going to happen if one of your crashes?” The group huddled together, conferring with the bear as to the appropriate answer. The bear turned to the flamingo.
“We’re all going to get brain damage and die.” He said like a child who’d been caught breaking the rules.
“Exactly, now where are those helmets?” sheepishly, they all opened up the under-seat compartments and put helmets on. The bear’s had a big lightning bolt across it, Magnus was jealous.
At this point Indy eventually caught up with the rear of the group, blasting out ‘Fuck Tha Police’ by N.W.A. The flamingo looked outraged and went to pull his notebook out of his jacket pocket. Magnus shouted at the Bear.
“Quickly! Go!” The Bear revved his bike and sped past the flamingo, spinning him round comically in the process. The rest of the group then resumed their chase through the undergrowth. Only now they had a flamingo flying up behind them.
“Oi, stop that, seriously, don’t make me count to ten! Or five, whichever number strikes more fear into your hearts!” After a few minutes of berating, the flamingo became bored of attempting to uphold the law and flew off. Most probably to go and practice standing on one leg, seeing as that is a flamingo’s greatest skill; balancing awkwardly.
Back in the chase, a pair of people were walking across the track holding a large glass pane between them. The bear didn’t’ see the pane of glass because, well, it’s glass, the singular interesting property of glass is that it’s see-through.
The bear smashed through the glass in slow motion, shards flying everywhere, glinting from the dappled light that filled the forest. Everyone not travelling in slow motion stopped to watch the spectacle. Once the bear had finished, he sped back up to normal time, and the chase continued.
Alex looked down to Ginge, who was sitting in the sidecar, wearing some really old style googles. “Hold the bars!” he shouted down to her over the sound of the engine. She did as he asked, swerving awkwardly from her lowered position to miss a tree. Alex, using his free hands then unfolded a trident from his backpack, leant back and threw it with one arm towards the bear. 
It missed, but only just, skimming the fur off the Bear’s back. Instead it struck a startled deer that was standing in a bush by the side of the dirt track. Leo, picking up on Alex’s lead, pulled the pin on a grenade he pulled out his jacket pocket, one handed. He held it, counted in his head, and then let loose, throwing it far ahead towards the Bear. 
The grenade bounced off the Bears helmet and into the undergrowth, where it exploded, rocking the forest. A large gaggle of birds left their peaceful roosts as flames engulfed the forest to the left of them. This quickly changed to a thick smoke, although the undergrowth was now on fire.
“Woah” the Bear shouted back over his shoulder. “You guys are wildly over-committed to this!” Realising he had no choice but to end this fiasco, the bear looked down and flicked a large red switch positioned on the middle of his handlebars. “I’m sorry!” He called back, while a numerous amount of banana skins covered the track behind him. 
The chasers rode straight over them with no real negative effects, apart from Indy losing control slightly, but then he looked very uncomfortable on the moped anyway.
That’s weird, the Bear thought, I was certain that was going to work. He thought back to his education at racing college, where every lesson consisted of observing and participating in the racing simulation of Mario Kart. That education had no way near prepared him for the real world.
Up ahead, through the trees, he noticed Death gorge, 200 feet deep, and 30 feet across. He pulled back harder on the throttle and headed for it. Meanwhile, two motorbikes behind him, Ginge was loading up a rocket launcher down in her sidecar. 
The Bear broke though the treeline, and was racing across the 20 foot of open land before the edge of the gorge. Situated nicely, dead in front of them, was a natural ramp, pointing up into the sky over the Gorge. 
The Bear was the first one into the air, soaring over the gap, a slight dust trail showing his path through the sky. Soon afterwards all of the motorbikes were in the air. Ginge fired off a rocket that sailed under the Bear, flying off into the forest to cause another huge explosion. The Bear looked behind and saw Magnus’s determined face looking back at him.
Almost as soon as they’d gone up, they came back down. The Bear landing first and speeding off back into the other side of the forest, then Magnus landed, speeding after him. Following was Leo, leant right forward on his motorbike, then Alex and the Ginge in the sidecar and at the back was Indy and Harvey. 
Almost straight away after going back into the forest they came across a clearing. The Bear had stopped and was off his motorbike, both paws in the air. His brown shaggy fur was full of bits of sticks and leaves. He looked incredibly shook up, and a bit angry. The other guys all pulled up as it started yelling.
“Seriously? What the hell is wrong with you people? I can understand the chasing, but throwing grenades!? And rockets! And, I’m quite certain I saw a trident. I mean, come on! Who throws a trident?!”
From the back of the group Harvey piped up, “I agree with the bear, throwing a trident was harsh, and the explosives were a little bit over the top.”
“Thank you” the Bear said, hands still up. Ginge and Alex both looked down at their feet sheepishly. 
“Sorry,” they mumbled under their breath. 
“Now then, you most probably want to know why I sped off so quickly. I’ll tell you, I was asked to watch you foreigners, can’t be too careful and whatnot.” The Bear spoke, in a growly way.
“We figured that bit out ourselves, but why did you speed off so quickly?” Magnus said with his jaw set firmly.
“Well, I was hoping you’d just go back to what you were doing and I could sneak up on you again. That’s how it works on all the simulations I’ve done before. If you set the alarms off, you run away, hide, and wait until everyone goes back to what they were doing before.”
Leo looked at him perplexed. “Did you get all your training from computer games? That would definitely explain the bananas.”
“I told you, simulations.” The Bear tutted, “Games? They are very serious representations of the real world!” The Bear then quickly started speaking under his breath. “Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, start.” He closed his eyes and tensed expectantly. When nothing happened he opened his eyes again to see the group of people looking very confused. 
“Did you just try to cheat?” Magnus said, trying to understand whether the Bear was really stupid or just culturally different. Now feeling very embarrassed, the Bear replied.
“No, pfft… who would be that stupid?” He rolled his eyes, “that was um, some secret language I have, you people wouldn’t understand.” The Bear inwardly congratulated himself on thinking of a brilliant answer really quickly.
“Yeah, whatever” Magnus decided the sooner they were away from this Bear, the better. “Can you tell us where to find the Great Bear?”
“You mean papa? Yeah sure, hop on and follow me. No rockets or tridents this time.” He shook a finger at them, put his helmet on, jumped on the motorcycle and rode off and out of the clearing. The gang followed.



















IT was a good day

Volkang was kneeling before a darkened throne, the person in the throne completely obscured by shadow. They were in a very industrial room, deep within the heart of the star destroyer. Even with the fifteen foot thick steel walls between them and the generator room, they could still feel the pulsing power of the DragonHeart.
	We are in position behind Lazarus’s moon, complete radio silence has been established sir. The kneeling figure rumbled, his black cape spread out across the floor around him.
	“Good, soon we vill control the universe.” The voice came from the throne, in a very snake like tone, “is Grigor on his way?”
	Yes, I have reports he will be here tomorrow. Volkang looked up at the throne, with the vacuous holes where his eyes should be. 
	“And our agent? He is in place?”
	Yes.
	“Good, good” the voice said, elements of a robotic voice edged his words. “I am still not impressed with your lacking ability to control the Heart.” Volkang looked at the wall that stood between them and the pulsing heart.
	I apologise sir, eventually I will be able to use it.
	“”I’m sure you will eventually, chin up Volkang, even I had to work on my evil skills.” The voice said, reassuringly. “Tomorrow will be a big test for you, using the heart to destroy a planet should be easy, don’t fail me.” Volkang stayed silent. “Now, we have a while to wait, I’m going to put a film on. Go make some tea.”
	Volkang rose, and turned to go procure a cup of tea. The voice in the throne started laughing maniacally at the prospect of controlling everything, and what terrors he was going to subject that everything to.

***

Deep in the forest, a quiet darkness was descending across the warm land. In a clearing, about an hour’s motorbike ride from the outcrop where the Dragons were roosting, Magnus and his crew sat at a long trestled table.
	Around the edge of the clearing torches had been thrust into the ground, each about the height of a man. The flames on top of each torch cast an orange glow that whipped at the shadows of the tree line. The table was laden with barbecued food, and several bears were digging in around the table, along with the humans.
	“This is brilliant!” Magnus out cried, eating a 2,000 calorie slab of what Eragor called the ‘BBQ meat explosion’.
	“I’m glad you approve” said the largest and most grizzled of all bears, flipping burgers and sausages that were spread across the grill. “It’s just bacon, more bacon, cheese, bacon, some beef, sausages and bacon. Something my papa taught me to make.” 
	Eragor was massive, with dark fur, punctuated by red streaks. He had the look of a very wise creature despite his monstrous size, this was why he was called the ‘Great Bear’. Eragor was also very easily amused, and spent most of his time laughing, which made for quite an easy-going atmosphere wherever he went.
	“I heard you gave my son, Pierre, quite the run around this morning.” Eragor smiled at his son, who glared back. The rest of the group sitting at the table shared an awkward silence, not wanting to upset the bear by admitting to the attempted manslaughter of his firstborn.
	“Dad, I’ve told you, they fired a rocket launcher!” Pierre sulked.
	“Get over yourself, I’ve had many a rocket fired at me. Regardless, it was just jovial banter, isn’t that right guys?” The bear grinned. But, because he was a bear, it seemed more like a sharp knife display. 
	“Haha, yeah, banter!” Alex said, punching Pierre who was sitting next to him. Ginge glared at him and Harvey froze. Eragor just laughed.
	“Ah, you lads, having fun, makes me proud! So tell me, what brings you to this planet? Actually don’t tell me, I can figure this out.” The Bear stopped tending the BBQ to scratch his chin, a very clichéd pose in the world of thinking. “You’re here for the KISS concert right? It’s going to be mega radical.”
	“Are they even still going? Surely they should be dead by now or something?” Magnus asked him, looking up and along the table.
	“Ah, well, technically it’s Robo-KISS, but the intention and heart is still there, literally.  So not KISS, what about that new band? What’s his face, Justin Beaver*?”
	“I would rather roll around in petrol and set fire to my own armpit hair while two hundred midgets stabbed me with pitchforks than listen to that crap.” Leo said with an indignant air of distaste.


* This joke will inevitably become very irrelevant rather quickly as the ‘greatest’ artist of 2011 fades into obscurity. If you’re reading this past the year 2020 look up ‘Justin Bieber’ on Wikipedia. While we’re on the subject of the future (or past), high five for Hover Boards future people! If you don’t have a Hover Board or Self-tying Sneakers or Jet-Packs yet, then I offer my condolences and apologies for my generation being lazy. Also, if you’re in some kind of Waterworld scenario where everywhere is flooded and everyone is like, riding on boats and fighting over plants and stuff while Kevin Costner is all like ‘I have gills and mad fighting skills’. Then I also apologise, although that’s totally not my fault, I ride a bicycle occasionally and bought a long-life bag once.

	“Woah, hold up” Indy said defensively. “The young lad definitely has talent at the very least, and although his music is technically simple; it’s what creates the money that propels the music industry along based upon mass consumption defined by the predilection of the majority of consumers. It’s possible the child has become an affliction of his own success, where any new musical movement he decides to take becomes too financially risky and as such he is forced into the ‘safe’ zone by his management, and as such pumps out masses of mediocre sounds for their highest profit margins.” Harvey retorted smartly, creating a well-defined argument the likes of which the barbarians rarely heard.
	“Well, I guess that makes sense. Still doesn’t mean I can’t dislike him for acting like a douchebag all the time.” Leo replied.
	“I concur with that point, he is a complete asshat.” Harvey wished he could have a glass of wine to swill at that point, it would’ve made him champion of all noncey talking people. Eragor didn’t actually know who Justin Beaver was, so decided to move the conversation on to something he could join in with.
	“Alright, I give up, why are you here?”
	“We’re on an epic quest to defeat the Lord Volkang, he has the Dragon Heart, and we need all the other pieces of awesome to defeat him.”
	“Aha, you need the flaming bike eh? Well I can’t just hand it over you know. It’s my most prized possession.” He eyed them all carefully, “to be honest, I don’t think any of you could handle it anyway.” 
	“Please, is there any way we could maybe borrow it for a few days, we promise we’ll only partake in the greatest and most epic battle ever undertaken. No skids, scout’s honour” Magnus said, hand over his heart. The bear struck his thinking pose again.
	“Ok, I’ll consider it, let me peruse it while we finish this meal.” Pierre looked even more sulky now.
	“You’re even considering it? Oh my god, you’re so stupid, I’m going to go to my room and listen to Radiohead, don’t bother me.” The bear got up from the table, shot a dirty glance at the other members of the ‘sitting at the table’ club and stropped off into the forest.
	“I apologise for Pierre, he is getting to that age, you know how it is. One minute we’re at Disneyland, eating ice cream and smiling for pictures, next minute he’s all ‘grown up’ and being a douchebag.”
	At that moment the muffled sounds of Radiohead floated into the clearing from the area of forest where Pierre had slunk to. The group ate gratefully, it was one of the best meals they’d had in days. Their host ate pensively, breaking the silence now and then with idle chit chat. Once they had finished he stood and addressed them all.
	“I have come to a decision about lending you the bike.” He said in a stately fashion. “I will only lend it to one of you whom proves himself worthy to ride such a beast.”
	“Well we can already ride motorbikes, I even have an advanced riding licence, so what do you mean by worthy?” Magnus asked.
	“A true motorbike rider would be able to jump the,” he paused for effect, and then continued in a booming voice, “Chasm of Doom.” Lightning struck from the now darkened navy night sky.
	“What exactly is the Chasm of Doom?” Leo asked, dabbing at his face with a napkin.
	“It’s basically this really big hole in the ground, filled with nuclear snakes and land sharks,” Eragor explained.
	“Sounds completely impractical, can’t we just leave you a deposit?” Ginge said, frustrated at how everything they did was always epic or crazy.
	“No way, I won’t just lend my bike out to any old chump, you need to impress me so I know that it’ll be in safe hands.”
	“Ok, as the leader of the group, I’ll do it.” Magnus said heroically, “although I may die in the process, this is obviously the only way.”
	“Seriously? You’re not even going to try and persuade him more to not do such a stupid feat? This bear is obviously nice and reasonable, I’m certain if we were really polite we could work something out.” The bear nodded at this.
	“No, this is the only way” Magnus said, his chest puffed out in his most heroic pose. “We must be off so I can prepare for tomorrow.” Magnus thanked his host, and rushed off to the motorbikes left on the edge of the clearing. The rest of the group followed, Ginge was the last one to thank their host.
	“Thanks for the meal, but you weren’t being serious about the jump were you?” she asked him.
	“Not really, I didn’t think any of you would actually go along with it, but that Magnus guy seems pretty determined to do it now.” The great Bear said.
	“Yeah, any opportunity to show off. But now he’s got it in his head that it’s happening, there’s nothing we can do to stop him.”
	“Don’t worry young human, I have a plan.” He raised a great paw and tapped his nose twice “I’d feel quite bad if he died anyway.”
	“Ok, well it had better be a good one. See you tomorrow.” Ginge waved goodbye, got on one of the motorbikes and sped away into the forest.
	Eragor watched her go before picking up a conveniently placed nearby shovel and shouting to his son. “Pierre, get over here, we’ve got work to do!”

***
The next day Magnus was up at the crack of dawn, Harvey found him in the middle of their campsite doing push-ups.
	“4, 5, 6, uh, uh, 7!” He jumped up and fist pumped the air. “7 push ups, boom! I’m going to ruin this jump today.” Harvey looked out across the landscape, the endless sea of trees waved in the wind, it seemed like they were whispering with anticipation. Ginge came out of her tent and sat down next to Magnus as he was getting his breath back.
	“You don’t have to do this. Seriously, like I told you, he’s willing to just give us the motorbike as long as we fill it up, don’t scratch it and you don’t do wheelies.” She stared at him incredulously.
	“No, that’s not possible, you don’t understand Ginge. If I don’t do this jump, we can’t get the piece of awesome and we can’t save the universe.” 
	“You have a deep seated ego issue Magnus.”
	“You have a deep seated um… face issue, or something.” He replied childishly, “if you’d excuse me I’m going off to do a montage.”
	Ginge and Harvey watched Magnus run off down the outcrop and disappear into the tree line. Harvey watched curiously after him, and then turned to Ginge.
	“I don’t get it, is he really stupid? He didn’t seem too stupid before.”
	“Pah, it’s an ancient barbarian genetic attribute passed down from male to male. If a barbarian gets challenged to do something, they have to do it. Watch this.” She leaned back and faced Leo’s tent. “Oi, Leo.” His head popped out of the front of his tent.
	“Yeah?” he called
	“I double dog dare that you can’t lick your own elbow.” Ginge shouted at him.
	“But, that’s physically impossible” Harvey said.
	Leo came striding over to the middle of the campsite. “Oh yeah? Well check this out.” He then proceeded to try and lick his own elbow, unsuccessfully. Harvey watched him, determination wracked his face while he tried to contort his elbow towards his face.
	“How long is he going to do that for?”
	“Oh, a few hours, mainly until he gets tired.”
	A few hours later and everyone was finishing up lunch at the campsite, Leo woke up from his nap and stretched. “Did I get it? I totally did it.”
	“Yeah, you did it.” Ginge lied to him.
	“Awesome” Leo said while yawning.
 	Alex collected the leftovers and fed them to the various dragons leashed to different trees around the outcrop. Magnus was fidgeting nervously.
	“Let’s get going now, we need to go kick some ass.” He got up and jumped on his great red and black dragon, everyone else followed suit. They launched up off the outcrop and flew over the forest to the Great Bear’s clearing, they circled around it and landed on the edge of the grassy area. Dismounting, Eragor came over to welcome them.
	“Hello, I hope you’re ready for amazing motorbike jump, but I, unfortunately have bad news.” Magnus looked distraught, “there’s another quest to save the universe going on at the moment as well, and they dibbed using the chasm of doom to prove their protagonist’s worth first.”
	“Noooooo” Magnus cried in anguish.
	“Don’t worry, we have the Pit of Death though, right over here, we can inspect the jump before you jump it.”
	“Yeah ok, it’d had better be really dangerous though.”
	“Oh yeah, it really is, super dangerous, it’s still got nuclear snakes and land sharks in it.” Eragor looked slightly uncomfortable as he led the way across the clearing.
	At the other side of the clearing was a small hole, about a foot deep and two foot wide. On either side pieces of plywood were propped up on small boxes to create makeshift ramps. 
	Indy looked inside the pit, “I thought you said there are nuclear snakes and landsharks in here. All I can see are two green pipe cleaners and a trout.”
	“Never seen nuclear snakes before eh? Or land sharks?”
	“They’re just pipe cleaners and a trout.” Pierre added in a dry tone before walking off to the leave the clearing.
	“Shut up,” Eragor kicked him. “This is the Pit of Death! If anyone fell in there they would surely die in seconds.”
	“Doesn’t look like it.” Indy replied, Magnus however stood tall and proud, then began a motivational speech.
	“I don’t care about the dangers, you can’t live an entire life without risks. We all die sometimes, and if my life needs to be sacrificed to save the universe, well so be it. I lived my life, had ups and downs, now it’s the turn for the next generation to live a truly free life, free from slavery, free from evil and free from Volkang’s wrath. Universe!” he called out. “I will save you!” Everyone stood awkwardly watching him. A few mumbled words of half assed encouragement were murmured. Eragor clapped briefly, but soon stopped.
	Pierre came back wheeling the flaming motorbike, it was like a normal Harley Davidson style chopper, but almost completely on fire. An awed woo rippled through the group. He handed it over to Magnus.
	“Try not to die” he added, sarcastically.
	“If I die, it’s because my time is up, you’ll learn the harsh reality of life when you grow up young one.” He put on his helmet, strode across the bike and rode over to the edge of the clearing. He then turned the bike around to the face the ramp over the pit of death.
	Magnus raised his hands in the air for applause, however, only Harvey, Ginge and Leo were watching. He then looked up at the sky, asked the spirits of his ancestors to protect him then revved the motorbike. 
	The motorbike wheels spun on the grass for a second, before launching the vehicle forward. He sped reasonably quickly across the clearing, launching rather un-impressively over the jump. He parked the bike, jumped off and threw both his hands in the air. 
 	“Woooah, I did it, did you guys see that? That was amazing!” Magnus shouted, jumping around. Indy leaned over to Harvey.
	“Didn’t we do a backflip yesterday? I think that was more awesome than this.” Magnus pretended not to hear him.
	“Well done Magnus! I’ll now let you borrow the motorbike. If you hadn’t done that jump, I would have never lent it to you.” Eragor rolled his eyes.
	“Thanks for the chance to prove myself. We’ll bring it back once we’ve beaten Volkang. As a thank you, I’ll give you my dragon for the time being.”
	“Why, thank you. I’ll take good care of him.” The great red dragon roared and shot a fountain of flame into the air. “I think we’ll become good friends.”
	“Brilliant, now we must go find Grigor and help him.”
	“I’ve just found him, he’s about an hour away from the planet!” Leo shouted, looking up from a handheld computer unit.
	“Ok, let’s go! Thanks so much Eragor, we’ll see you soon.” Magnus kicked the motorbike into life, rode it forward and began to fly upwards carving a line of fire into the sky. The others got on the dragons and waved goodbye to Eragor. The dragons also roared their goodbyes to the great red dragon.
	Magnus spearheaded the venture into the sky, drawing a line of fire flanked by the rainbow colours left behind the dragons.


























everyday I’m hustlin’


“Avast! There be something coming!” An anonymous, un-named and nondescript pirate shouted down from the crow’s nest to the deck below. 
	Running up to the prow of the boat and pulling out a telescope Grigor scanned the vast nothingness of space in front of him. Far away he could see the green circle of Lazarus b10, about the size of a large coin in his vision, between them and the planet were 6 streaks of colour. These streaks made up a sort of space rainbow, only broken by a line of fire in the middle. 
	Looking closer he could see that there were five dragons flanking what appeared to be a man riding a flaming motorcycle. Could it be the Flaming Motorbike of the Great Bear? Grigor thought to himself, if it was, then he was truly lucky. Chainsaw-boy came up behind Grigor.
	“What is it? Let me have a look.” Grigor passed Chainsaw-boy the telescope, he held it awkwardly between the ends of his chainsaw arms and put it up to his eye. “Looks like someone riding a flaming motorcycle, isn’t that what we’re looking for?”
	“Yeah it is, hopefully it’s someone friendly, get the men ready anyway, just in case they’re not.” 
Chainsaw-boy went back down and onto the deck, Illana caught his eye and they both blushed, looking away quickly. They hadn’t really spoken since the events of two days ago. Napalm was busy rolling around on the floor with the wolf, those two were becoming the best of friends.
Standing on the deck Chainsaw-boy called out to the crew. “Alright ye scurvy dogs, man the stations, someone’s coming towards the ship.”
Napalm stopped playing with the wolf,
 picked him up and put him in the breast of his pirate coat. The wolf sat panting with both paws hanging out the front of the dark jacket.
	“You’re really becoming a good second mate, mate, I’m impressed. Any idea who’s coming towards us?”
	“Nope, it looks like one of them is riding the flaming motorbike though.”
	“It’d be just like it was walking right into our hands, I hope we’re that lucky. When this is over I’m taking Maximus here back to Tarth to stay, so the sooner this is over, the better.”
	“Yeah, I’ve got my own plans for when this is over.” Chainsaw-boy stole a glance over at Illana. At that moment Grigor called down from the prow.
	“It’s definitely the flaming motorbike, but I swear I can see the two guys we saw outside Volkangs castle.” Chainsaw-boy and Napalm both came up onto the prow, and shared turns looking at the now more discernible flying objects. 
	“I think you’re right, the other people look like barbarians though, so they’re most probably on our side.” Napalm observed
	“I’m still holding my doubts, those two were in cohorts with Herstaff, the main cause of all this.”
	“We can’t be certain that they’re that bad” Chainsaw-boy added.
	“Well, we’ll find out soon.” Shutting the telescope Grigor picked up his battle-axe, sat down and started sharpening it with a wet stone from his pocket, his eyes glued to the point in the space where these mystery people were coming from.
	It took only another 20 minutes before the group had reached the ship, in purely a co-incidental fashion, Lazarus b10’s moon was just coming into sight from behind the planet as well, not that anyone noticed. 
	“Hey!” Magnus called out to the ship from atop the flaming motorcycle. “Grigor! We got the message, and we’ve helped you by getting the flaming motorcycle.”
	Grigor eyed them warily from the deck and called back. “I can see that, how can I trust you? And who are you?”
	“I’m Magnus, leader of a ranger band, I was two years below you in the academy.”
	“Ah, I think I recognise you! But what about these two? Last time we saw them they were with Herstaff!”
	“These two humans? We picked them up back  on the barbarian homeworld. They’ve fought well with us, I trust them.”
	“Ok, well, I’ll take your word as a fellow barbarian. Leash those dragons up to prow and come aboard, but I’ll be keeping my eyes on you two.” Grigor pointed at his own eyes, then at Harvey and Indy in turn.
	A few minutes later and the dragons were all tied up to the prow, floating serenely in space, the bike was parked on the deck, surrounded by oohing and aahing and Magnus and Grigor were recapping their stories of the previous few days events. This surmounted with Grigor, Napalm and Magnus standing round a barrel, which they were using as a makeshift war table.
	“And then I jumped the chasm of doom, it was crazy, we had nuclear snakes in it, and some land sharks, I could’ve died so easily, but you don’t become leader without being brave. The bear then lent us the bike, we found your signal and came up here to meet you, that pretty much sums up everything.”
	“Ah, well, I’m very grateful for you risking your life like that. It sounds truly like a feat that shan’t go unrewarded. Now, all we need is the Rainbow Horn of the Interstellar Unicorn, does anyone know where or how we can get it?”
	Napalm ran his hands through his great beard and adjusted his eye patch. “Well, legend has it that the unicorn is very elusive, I don’t think we find him, he finds us.” Grigor looked in disdain.
	“That’s not good enough, we need that last piece or everything else has been in vain, the Dragon Heart is still more powerful than the three pieces of awesome we have.” He looked at Magnus, “I’m going to need your team track down this ‘Rainbow Unicorn’ find the horn and bring it back.”
	Magnus suddenly froze, and slowly opened his mouth. “I think it might be too late for that.” Turning around and following his gaze Grigor looked at the moon of Lazarus b10. One by one the rest of the crew also noticed this event and the deck was punctuated by lots of sharp intakes of breath. Apart from Chainsaw-Boy, who was now fearless, and as such, wasn’t particularly bothered.
	Having creeped out from behind the moon while no one was looking, a great spherical spaceship hung in space. Only slightly smaller than the original moon, it was disc-like in appearance and far too far away to make out any details. Apart from the blood red light they could faintly make out at the center.
	A random pirate on the deck shouted. “It’s a trap!” As a read beam of light left the evil spaceship, collided with Lazarus b10 and exploded the whole planet, rather spectacularly. Illana gasped, then stopped and watched the exploding debris with a puzzled look.
	“I’ve got a really odd feeling of deja-vu.”
	“Me too.” Came a call from a midships.
	“Me three” replied chainsaw-boy “do you reckon something has changed in the matrix?” The rest of the crew looked at him.
	“Wrong film idiot! Like, how can you mess that up, have you even seen Return of the Jedi, or Empire Strikes back?” Illana chastised him.
	“Those are the Star Wars films right?”
	“Yeah, no shit Sherlock.”
	“Well, I’ve only seen the first three.” Illana put her face into her palm.
	“When this is over, and me and you are a romantic couple, we’re watching the original three films.”
	“I can live with that. Currently more important however is that massive evil spaceship up there. What are we going to do about that?” Magnus had now climbed about 10 ft above them up the mast, and was pointing to the spaceship with the broadsword in his free hand.
	“Ramming Speed!” He called out in his loudest voice. “For Argennon!”

***

Thirty minutes later the pirate ship sauntered over to the evil spaceship and bumped rather ineffectively into its hull. For the entire journey Volkang’s spaceship fired mega death laser rays at them, luckily they were so small that every laser missed. 
	Why didn’t we make any other defences? Volkang rumbled, as he and several officers watched Grigor’s ship continually bump into the hull on a television screen.
	“We never thought that anyone would actually try to attack us head on. We have the Dragon Heart!”
	Hmm... maybe they will tire soon, when they stop for a nap, we’ll get some ladders and go out there and kill them!
	“Great plan master!” The officers all agreed, even though it was probably the dumbest plan of all time. The screen displayed a hive of activity, the ship had stopped ramming the great steel behemoth and people were standing on the prow and pointing. 
	What are they doing? Grigor was standing on the very front of the pirate boat, swinging a huge axe into the side of the spaceship, forming a large hole big enough for them all to crawl into. Grigor entered the ship, then Chainsaw-Boy, then Magnus on the Motorbike and Napalm, then the Rangers and following them was Harvey and Indy while Illana and the Ty-rap-o-saurus held the fort on the pirate boat.
	In the bridge one of the officers turned around from what appeared to be a sonar range finder, took off his headphones and called over. “They’re heading towards the generator room.”
	That’s where the Heart is held. I shall go there at once. Volkang swung around to one officer sitting at a console, open the corridors and lead them there, I shall be waiting.

***

Deep inside the bowels of the ship, the intrepid crew headed down metallic darkened corridor after dark metallic corridor. Their path lit by the flames that covered the Motorbike Magnus rode. 
	“I don’t like the feel of this, something isn’t right.” Ginge whispered, her words echoing down the corridor. They reached the end of a corridor with closed doors on each wall and one directly in front of them. With a swoosh the door on their left opened, leading towards another metallic corridor.
	“This must be a trap.” Alex said, Magnus revved the motorbike in agreement.
	“Undoubtedly, but I don’t think we have a choice but to follow wherever they are leading us.” Grigor held his flaming broadsword up at the ready and proceeded into the next corridor. This continued for some time, they would reach a dead end, then some unseen hand would guide them further into the giant spaceship.
	Eventually they began to fell a tingle of electricity in the air, as if a great power lay near them.
	“The Dragon Heart,” Napalm whispered.
	“Wait, didn’t you guys keep this at your headquarters for years?” Chainsaw-Boy asked, “surely there’s not much difference here now but you all seem quite awed.”
	“Its power was never unlocked, you need to be pretty much pure evil to unlock it,” Grigor explained. He put a hand and held it against the wall to their right, “it’s the other side of this wall, get ready.” A little way ahead of them a door on the right hand side of the corridor opened. They could feel the power wash over them as it flowed out from the open door and down the corridor where they’d come from.
	They battled through and filed into the large room, it was a large circular room, with windows across the back wall that showed space, and the debris left by Lazarus b10. In the centre of the room was the Dragon Heart, the great red stone pulsed brilliantly, protected by a guard rail. Volkang stood with his hand on the gemstone, stroking it gently.
	It’s a beauty, isn’t it? The words emanated from the hole where his mouth would be. All of the power held here, all of the possibilities.
	“Your path of destruction ends here. We’re taking back the Dragon Heart Volkang!” Grigor shouted, broadsword raised.
	Oh, I don’t think so, son. A look of horror spread over Grigor’s visible features.
	“Noooo” he cried out.  At that moment, Volkang held his free hand up to face his palm at the crowd and whispered.
	Alakazam, wham bam, thank you mam. Indy grabbed Magnus and threw him off the motorcycle, taking his place as the fire grew to protect its rider from a huge red wave of power that flew from Volkang’s open palm. Chainsaw-Boy’s golden star flashed brightly and protected him as well, while Grigor was surrounded by the cool blue of the Barbarian Spirit.
	As soon as it had appeared, the red wave disappeared, leaving only Magnus, Chainsaw-Boy, Volkang, Indy and Harvey left in the room. For a second Volkang thought he saw a rainbow shimmer just in front of Harvey, but it must’ve been a trick of his eyes.  Ignoring it, he turned to Indy. Well done Indy, you have served us well, you will be rewarded greatly. Turning to Grigor he looked his son in the eyes Grigor, your friends are dead, the battle is lost, join me and we can form a father son partnership unlike the universe has ever known! 
	“I get the feeling I’m not even going to need to watch the Star Wars films once this is over.” Chainsaw-Boy said to himself.
	“No! Never!” Grigor shouted running at him, swinging his sword aggressively. “Chainsaw-Boy, get Indy!”
	As quick as a lightning, Volkang and Grigor’s swords flashed steel on steel. Meanwhile Indy had picked up a chainsaw from somewhere, and sparks were flying from the intense chainsaw on chainsaw action. 
	The two pairs wheeled around the room, sparks scattering all over the floor around one pair, while licks of lightning spluttered from the encounters of the other pair. Stood in the middle was Harvey, uncertain of how he was alive or what he could do to help, all he could was to look on hopelessly.
	While Chainsaw-Boy had two chainsaws to Indy’s one, he was also a lot more unwieldy, he swung at Indy, only to have him move away at the last second. They lumbered around the room while Grigor and Volkang danced a more graceful sword fight.
	Eventually, Indy got chainsaw-Boy pinned with his back to the guard rail, his chainsaw bearing down against Chainsaw-boy’s crossed saws. It was only now that Chainsaw-Boy noticed that the Dragon Heart was suspended high above a chasm that went into the heart of the ship. He also realised that he was no match for Indy’s experience. He called over to Grigor.
	“Uhh.. Grigor! You save the universe! You hear me!” Grigor turned, just in time to see Chainsaw-boy slip an arm free and cut through the guard rail holding both of them up. Chainsaw-Boy fell backwards, while a shocked and off-balance Indy fell after him. In less than a second they were both gone. 	Before Grigor could even call out Volkang was upon him once more, clashing sword against sword. Grigor parried on the left, blocked on the right then swung an almighty blow from over his shoulder that was deflected. After a few minutes they both stopped to breathe heavily, staring each other down.
	“You can’t be my father!” Grigor said breathily, “I mean, you barely have a human form.” 
	I totally am your father.
	“Are not!”
	Am too.
	“It makes no sense!”
	I was once a famous barbarian prince, the most powerful of all barbarians, and then, in stereotypical fashion, I fell from grace and became evil. But when I was still human, I loved your mother, the last piece of my heart died with her.
	“Hold up, you’re a thousand years old!” Grigor exclaimed angrily.
	Did I mention I was also a time-travelling Barbarian Prince? Yeah it gets kind of complicated at this point, just believe when I say that it’s all due to Schrodinger’s law. Volkang replied, regaining his composure. But if you won’t join us I’ll be forced to kill you! Let’s fight!
	Grigor screamed his loudest battle cry and ran forward at Volkang, who was running at Grigor, whom was running at Volkang, who was also running at Grigor! Harvey stood un observed off to the side.
	The pair collided in a great flash of light. When sight regained to the room, Volkang was left impaled on Grigor’s sword. 
	Ha, he coughed blood over Grigor, you have done well my son. I am proud. A slow clap and cackle started from a dark shadow in the edge of the room.
	“Vell done Grigor.” A cloaked robotic figure stepped out from the shadows. The robotic torso whirred, supporting the horrifying human head of Space-Robo-Hitler. “You have brought ze other pieces of awesome right into mein hands!”
“Space-Robo-Hitler!” Grigor called, “I should have known you were behind this!” He ran at him, sword raised. Space-Hitler held up a hand and Grigor froze, sword still held above his head. Slowly a blue light began to stretch from his chest towards Space-Hitler’s palm.
“Yes finally, the universe is mine!” He laughed as the Spirit of the Barbarian King flowed towards him. 
Suddenly, from Harvey’s perspective, the whole universe stopped, Grigor and Space-hitler were frozen in a deadly embrace. Out of nowhere a unicorn with a rainbow horn and tail strode across and stood between Harvey and the end of the universe.
 The unicorn whinnied at him, and then spoke “Harvey, I’ve followed you for a while now. Fate and I have chosen you to save the Universe. Quickly take my horn, and stab Space-Hitler with it.” 
Harvey walked up to the Interstellar Unicorn and broke off its horn. “Yes, that’s it, now stab him, stab him right in the chest!”
“You’re quite creepy, you know that?” Harvey spoke, holding the rainbow horn in his hand. 
“I don’t get out very much. Anyway, enough chit chat, stab him!” 
Harvey stood between Grigor and Space-Hitler, held the horn above his head with two hands, and plunged it down into Space-Hitler’s chest. The room burst into a technicolor rainbow as Space-Hitler exploded, and Grigor and Harvey floated away with the Unicorn.
“You are now at a dimensional empasse! The Universe will now split into three paths” The unicorn spoke, the words echoing eerily around whatever Universe they now existed in. “Which one do you chose?”

If you decide to follow Chainsaw-Boy down the hole of doom, turn to page 209

If you decide to see what fate lies in store for Harvey turn to page 211

If you decide to find out what happens to Grigor turn to page 214




































Chainsaw-Boy


Chainsaw-Boy fell for what felt like an eternity, he watched more and more industrial style shafts blur before him as the red lit hole above him got smaller and smaller. As he was falling he saw a brief flash of what appeared to be a rainbow. He rotated in the air and saw the metal floor rushing up towards him he closed his eyes and waited for the impact.
	Boom. Chainsaw-Boy woke up, breathing heavily, looking around he took stock of his surroundings. He was in bed, in his normal, blue painted bedroom, the curtains were drawn and light snuck out from edges. Pulling his arms out from under the blankets he looked at his normal hands, turned them around and checked them, they weren’t chainsaws. 
He suddenly remembered about Grigor and Volkang’s fight to the death, and decided to tell someone about it. He launched himself out of bed and ran down the stairs, Chainsaw-Boy’s Italian super-model wife was cooking breakfast, bacon and eggs. 
“Hey darling, I made you coffee” she welcomed him, smiling and holding a mug out.
“Ah thanks, love, wait, I’ve got something really important to tell you! It’s, um… there’s…” She looked at him expectantly, “I’ve completely forgotten, but it’s really important, we’ve got to go… somewhere and do… something.” 
“Here eat up,” she put the plate of bacon and eggs on the table, “I’m sure it was dream.”
He sat down at the table, “thanks for breakfast Illana, it felt really real though, and I’m sure I was there for weeks.”
“Dreams can be like that, by the way, you got  a postcard, I think it must be a prank or something though, it’s signed Napalm Explosionface, ha, what a silly name.” She passed the postcard to him. He turned the postcard around in his hands, on one side was a picture of a space rainbow, and the other side simply said ‘we did it – signed Napalm Explosionface’. 
“I have no idea who this guy is, but I have a feeling today is going to be a good day.” Illana came over and kissed him on the head.
“Me too.”
















harvey


Harvey’s head was banging, he felt like death warmed up. He looked around the small white room he was in, it had one solid wooden door, a tiny window high up and a small bench that looked like it was made for sleeping.
 Harvey was slumped in the corner of the room, looking down he noticed that his clothes were ripped, covered in stains and what looked like blood, he pulled small branches and leaves out of his hair. What the hell happened to me? He asked himself.
The door slammed open and a policeman stood in the doorway. “Good, you’re up. You’re now coming with me.” The policeman grabbed him, dragged him out into the jail corridor, down towards a door into a small dark room.
He was forced into a chair at a table with only a lamp and a Dictaphone, the policeman took a seat directly opposite him. “Your blood tests came back. You did more drugs than I have ever seen.” The policeman ran his hand down a printout he was holding onto. “3 kilos of acid, 2 kilos of LSD, your own bodyweight in cocaine, um... what else do we have, 80 units of gin, whale tranquilisers. I’m quite certain you most probably have amnesia so I’ll let you know where you are now.
“You’re screwed, and you’re facing a multiple life sentences. So let’s go through the charges: First off you were running through the shopping mall completely naked, you snuck into a camping shop and hid in there over night. We have you on CCTV shouting about some evil invasion, you freaked out pretty bad. Ok, then you fashioned a flamethrower out of an aerosol can and lighter then ran through the town claiming you were ‘riding a dragon’. You stopped in a petrol station for a coffee and biscuits, threatening to ‘destructionate the waitress’ when she asked you for money. Then you stole a motorbike and drove round and round the local park, eventually setting it on fire while screaming your own name over and over again.
“Eventually, PC Jones managed to subdue you, but you escaped and stabbed him multiple times in the chest, claiming a rainbow unicorn told you to do it.” The policeman took his glasses off and rubbed his eyes, then looked at Harvey straight in the eyes. “In all my years I have never seen anything like this. You’re going down for life, especially as you went into some kind of trance last night and wrote this in blood on the toilet paper in your cell.” The officer dropped a massive collection of papers on the desk. “This is copy of what you wrote down, it appears to be a novel, and you’ve called it ‘Grigor the Destructionator’s Amazing Adventure Part Zero: Magnitudes of Awesome’. Well, from now on it’s going to be called Evidence A. Do you have anything to say for yourself?”
Harvey shook his head.
The officer called to the door, “take this one back to the cells!” He looked at Harvey, “get used to this son, you’re going to be here for a long time.”

























grigor


Grigor stumbled backward, and watched the back of Harvey as he forced the rainbow horn into Space-Hitler’s chest. Sparks flew everywhere, eventually Space-Hitler fell backwards, the rainbow horn protruding from his chest.
	“There’s no gold at the end of this rainbow, asshole.” Harvey said, looking badass. 
	“Neeiinnne!” Space-Hitler screeched, stumbling back until hit the large window, crashing through it and floating off into space, where he subsequently exploded.
	Grigor looked in shock at Harvey, “did you just save me?”
	“Yeah, I think I did.”
	“Thanks would be in order, but, my friends.” Grigor looked around. Volkang coughed and dragged himself over to Grigor.
	Son, I’ve had an epiphany and am no longer evil, I’ve now realised how evil Space-Hitler was and that I was completely brainwashed. Volkang stood with difficulty, and stumbled over to the Dragon Heart, falling and supporting his weight on it. 
I’m sorry for everything I’ve put you through, to make it up to you I’ll use the last of my strength to bring your friends back, it will destroy me and the Heart, but it should set everything back to how it was. I love you.
	Grigor shed a small tear “I also love you, dad.” A strong red pulsing light came out of the heart and wrapped around Volkang, it became brighter and brighter until Grigor and Harvey couldn’t see, and were now bathed in a bright light. The light eventually faded and the pair were standing on the deck of Grigor’s ship, along with everyone else they had adventured with.
	Grigor spread his arms wide at everyone “Magnitudes of Awesome! We did it! We saved the universe!” They looked up at a newly formed Lazarus b10, un-exploded. 
	“Wow, we really did!”  Magnus shouted, jumping in the air with joy. Confetti fired from the cannons about the ship, and people cheered. Grigor’s mobile then began ringing, he picked it up and answered it.
	“Argennon! You’re alive?! And the Barbarian Homeworld is undestroyed now as well! That’s brilliant! Ah yes. Yes, ok, I’m sure that’s fine with everyone, ah really? Thank you so much sir. We’ll be there for the ceremony.” He closed the flip phone. “That was Argennon, we’ve all been given knighthoods! And I’m now king of the Barbarians!” Everyone bowed to one knee at this, and began saluting him. “No, get up, we’re all equals here!” They cheered some more. 
	Harvey joined in the cheering and then stopped, everything clicked into place. It turned out that Herstaff was totally a mini-robot version of Space-Robo-Hitler, and Indy was a spy that had been placed in their group from the beginning. He felt quite bad, but then got caught up in the partying, someone opened a giant bottle of champagne and everyone had a giggle, even the Dragons got drunk and had a brilliant time.
	So, in the end, everything was magically fixed and they all lived happily ever after, apart from the bad dudes who all died.

The End
ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Adam Clark is probably the most amazing person in the universe. Born and raised in Luton in 1990, he moved to mid wales in 2008, graduating from Aberystwyth University in 2011 with a Bachelor’s Degree in Space Science & Robotics, and now currently residing in Newtown, Wales. Adam has many talents, from writing to flexing and is widely considered to be the world leading expert on ‘Being Awesome’. When he isn’t busy punching faces he likes to take gin and juice baths to unwind, maybe fight a few eagles to release a little bit of stress. It is rumoured that Adam is the only man alive who could have a Killer Whale in a straight no-rules illegal street fight.

