DEATH BY CAKE
Published by Penelope Dark at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Penelope Dark
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be stored, reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without express written permission of the author.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and events are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Copyright 2012. Melanie Ray. Second Edition. 
Copyright 2011. Melanie Ray. First Edition.
Previously published as author Melanie Ray with the title Bittersweet
No part of this book may be stored, reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without express written permission of the author. 

Summary for ebook convenience: 
She lost her sister to a slice of cake. She has a medical condition most consider a myth. Will Shari find redemption in a town of innocence?
Shari Kari is in trouble. She just broke up with her boyfriend, but now he's got a hit on her. Her supportive sister tells her to get out of Calibri City and into a small safe town: Lost
Secret. Famous for being the one-stop drop town for the rich and famous' children. No crime. A Town where even adults like children. She finds a friend in Timothy Varmen, and a semi-happy life, until her special condition gets out of control.

Ezekiel is the town's Champion Paladin. While acting like a big child himself, he's taken on the extra duty of trying
to 'save' the new local resident, whether she likes it or not.

In this town, a man must learn to grow up...while a woman must learn to grow down.

Scandals. Inhibitions. Temptations.

This is a story of childhood...that's not for children.



Chapter 1/ Chapter 2/ Chapter 3/ Chapter 4/ Chapter 5/ Chapter 6/ Chapter 7/ Chapter 8/ Chapter 9/ Chapter 10/ Chapter 11/ Chapter 12/ Chapter 13/ Chapter 14/ Chapter 15/ Chapter 16/ Chapter 17/ Chapter 18/ Chapter 19/ Chapter 20/ Chapter 21/ Chapter 22/ Chapter 23/ Chapter 24/ Chapter 25/ Chapter 26/ Chapter 27/ Chapter 28/ Chapter 29/ Chapter 30/ Chapter 31/ Chapter 32/ Chapter 33/ Chapter 34/ Chapter 35/ Chapter 36/ Chapter 37/ Chapter 38/ Chapter 39/ Chapter 40/ Chapter 41/ Chapter 42


Chapter 1: Normie

It wasn’t easy eating with a cane and a hamburger in the same hand; Shari thought as she dusted the crumbles of her fast-food hamburger off her blouse. She noticed a glance in her direction from a younger woman. On reflex, she looked in her other hand at her milkshake. Yeah, well, whatever. She’d had a day from hell, and she was entitled to some ice cream and a treat after everything. She may appear an insane pig to other walkers, but at the moment, she needed that bliss. She looked to her right and saw a TV center. She went over closer; something to take her mind off everything. Shari watched as an announcer came on wearing a ritzy tux and gestured around him. “…safe community, pure innocence.” He continued his advertising rant. “So if you are fed up with babysitters, need to work too long, or just need to leave those kids of yours, come on down to Lost Secret.” He waved his hand at the TV. “Whether you are gone a day, a week, or even months, Lost Secret is a guaranteed safe bet. There hasn’t been a crime committed in this paradise for more than twenty years, according to some locals…" Shari looked away from the television, losing interest as the alleged loving parents that abandoned their children in that town gave brief testimonials. She’d heard of towns like Lost Secret, just a drop-off site for the rich. Absolutely dreadful, but entirely legal if conditions were right. Or, she guessed, the town paid particular donations for undisclosed reasons.
She dusted crumbles off her blouse again, but her milkshake squeezed in her hand, the contents splattering everywhere. It rolled down her blue pantsuit and puddled around her shoes. She froze a second, now aware of all the things wrong with holding a cane, eating a hamburger and drinking a milkshake at the same time. She could imagine how many eyes were on her after that embarrassing incident. "Shit," she muttered under her breath. Just great, what else might happen?
Her phone rang from inside her purse. She reached inside and answered it, looking at the same time for some napkins. “Shari Kari.”
“Shari, you’re out of here.” The voice on the other end had a serious tone but was quite noticeable as her sister, Tracy.
“What do you mean I’m out of here?” Shari lifted out a few older papers she never took out. Not one to clean her purse often, she was happy for once that she didn’t. She ignored the crumbling sound of the paper as she tried to wipe herself clean.
“I mean you are out of here. Now. I’ll pay for everything; just choose a town away from here,” Her sister yelled urgently. “The smaller, the better.”
Shari stopped wiping herself with the crumpled paper as she heard her sister’s urgency. “Why?” She listened closely, but no sound was heard. Had her signal been dropped?
“…you’ve got a hit on you.” Her sister finally answered.
Shari blinked. “Oh.” She had wished the signal had been dropped. “What kind? By whom? What?”
“Shari honey, I love ya, but stop asking questions. I'll take care of it, like always. Now just name a safe place outside Calibri City."
Shari couldn’t think, everything was happening too fast. “I-I…” There was only one thing she could think of. “Lost Secret.”

Shari strolled up to the town and turned her head to examine the town's sign. Wooden and painted a cheerful red, handwriting like that of a child. 
Shari heard her sister mutter a warning, repeated instructions about where she would reside, then heard the wheels squeal off.  Tracy couldn't drive into town, only residential cars were allowed. She saw the suitcase her sister had stood beside her, dragged up a sigh with the suitcase and looked ahead of her. Tracy often fell into trouble, and she knew what to do. Shari never had any problems compared to Tracy. When Tracy got into serious trouble, Sammy (her one-year-old-niece) spent the week with her until it was resolved. However, Tracy must have involved her in something quote unquote 'not nice'. Tracy said she'd take care of it, and refused to tell her much. She didn't know how to feel about that, as words with Tracy were never what they seemed. The word 'babysitter', 'I love you extra special', oh and her favorite 'just some things' were never sincere. What could 'hit' mean though? Shari had to buck up and face facts. Tracy was in charge of her, always. Finances, relationships, career, everything. 
 “One thousand one, one thousand two, one thousand three,” A woman chanted, her bosoms moving up and down as she jumped roped with two other women. Shari, at first, almost laughed. Women being goofy or nostalgic happened at certain intervals in their lives. She decided to let the women rediscover their youth and not say a word. She watched as boys and girls alike rushed by with a cloud of laughter.
Her mouth found itself being tucked upward. Youth. She continued to walk, knowing her new rental property would not be far. After such a, well, strange day she could go for a nap. Maybe afterward her mind could wrap around what was happening and how she, of all women, would have a 'hit' on her.
“No, no, leave me alone,” A little girl yelled as she ran past Shari. Shari looked back toward a man chasing her. A rugged man in overalls. Before Shari could even think of what to do next, the little girl began laughing. “Can’t catch me, Benji,” the little girl laughed again as she darted on the other side of Shari.
“No fair,” the brisk baritone voice spoke as he crossed his arms and stomped his foot like a spoiled child. “No fair using people not in the game, Rosa, I’m tellin’!”
Telling? At that point, she remembered the women jump roping and acting like children. She turned and examined more of the new town she'd be living in for at least the next few months. Children far and wide, played in the trees and in the roads ahead, running from house to house. Lost Secret was nothing but a playground for everyone, she knew that before she came. However, the word everyone actually meant more than just children?
“You normal?”
Shari jumped as a finger poked in the middle of her back. She turned around and saw a man who didn’t seem to embody the young vibe everyone around him did. He wore a black suit with a red tie. His face was stoic and stood out in the middle of the playing crowd. He had a small and pudgy side to him, but not much more than she did. “You look normal,” he said in a gruff manner as his eyes trailed up and down her. His gaze felt more curious than predatory. “Well dressed, and no stupid bows in your hair. You’re a visitor, new to Lost Secret.” 
“Yes,” Shari admitted. “I’m a new resident.”
The gruff man almost smiled, but not quite. “A new resident? There are no new residents that stick around unless you’re under the age of ten. Or if you are leaving sniveling kids behind for me to deal with.” He cracked his fingers one at a time as he spoke.
Not a winning attitude, if she had kids, this is the last place they would end up. “I’m sorry, who are you?” Shari had to ask.
The gruff man stood straight with honor and pleasure peeking through his expression. “Timothy Varmen. Only sane person in Lost Secret.”
“Timmers Varmint,” a few of the kids laughed out loud as they pointed at him. "Timmers, Timmers."
“Varmen, Timothy Varmen,” Timothy corrected them as he looked at Shari again. “I didn’t see you drop off your kids, so why are you here?”
Just arrived and Shari already had a problem. Right now, information was best avoided. “I thought this would be a peaceful community.”
“Then turn back around,” Timothy twirled his left index finger in a circle, “you made a mistake. This place is anything but peaceful.”
“I’m aware of that now,” Shari said, making polite conversation. “So, Mister Varmen, have you been a longtime resident?” 
“Mister? You show respect, so you aren’t from around here,” Timothy chuckled. A strange, unpleasant choking chuckle, like when someone eats and laughs, but gets food caught in their throat. His tough stance eased as he answered her question. “I grew up here, left, and came back.” His nose twitched with disgust. “I had hoped things changed, but it’s the same pathetic excuse for a town.”
Shari leaned against her cane, her attention focused on this man. It seemed someone had agreed with her about how atrocious these dumping grounds had been. “I agree Mister Varmen. It isn’t right, and children should have parents around, or adoptive parents." She wiggled her fingers against her cane, "By the way, the adults around here -”
“Grew up here, never left.” Timothy finished. “Sad fate, so you should turn back around and leave. This town isn’t fit for normies.” Shari cocked her eyebrow up as he continued. “Normal people. Temporary kids that are here back and forth are tempies, and the ones who live here forever are permies. Better get used to that lingo."
"It's too late, I’ve got a place I’m renting,” Shari said, “and besides anything’s better than Calibri.” A slight upward crook graced her face. "At least there won’t be any Champions.” Mister Varmen gestured toward the middle of the town, where an out-of-place tower resided. “A Champion? Not an Adventurer?” The last thing she needed was one of those cliché heroes nosing around in her business. 
“No, a Paladin,” Timothy said as Shari's grip on her cane became loose in relief. A Champion Adventurer fought considerable danger, saved women and were even commissioned to save the world. A Champion Paladin stopped people from damaging trees, breaking small laws and polluting rivers. Some were even scientists, trying to find cures for diseases or growing safer crops.
“Paladins are well respected,” Shari said, “Is the Paladin a scientist, or considering the area, a counselor for neglect?”
Timothy seemed to gag. "Ezekiel is the one keeping the residents safe. He’s the reason Lost Secret exists in this form. If anything happens to anyone, he’s fired.”
“Oh,” Shari’s mouth twitched up. “His name's Ezekiel, and he’s the babysitter?”
“Yes, yes, that’s it,” Timothy clapped his hands at her statement. “He’s a babysitter. Oh, I am so calling him that next time, I can just see his face, its priceless. Nyah, nyah, nyah, nyah, nyah.” His antics and excitement stopped, most likely from seeing her face. “Sorry. Habit-er-handicap.” He covered his mouth and cleared his throat. “This place is a contagious disease.”
Shari shrugged, “Look, if it’s better than Calibri City and as long as I can get…” She leaned off her cane as she tried to cover her mouth with her left hand. “…some rest.” She noticed the curious look on his face. No use hiding it. "I have a rare condition, so I don't exercise or get out much. I'll leave it at that."
“Really?” Timothy reached in his pocket and pulled out an asthma inhaler. “We have something in common," he said as he twirled the inhaler around his finger. "I like you better by the minute.”
Shari tried to keep a blush from striking her cheek, but felt herself becoming hot. Few men paid much attention in such a way. “Well, thank you. Timothy, was it?”
“Yes. Timothy.” He covered his top lip with his bottom. “Miss, or Mrs?”
“Shari Kari,” She reached out her hand as if she could grab her mistake. “Oh, Miss Shari Kari.” 
“Oh, well Miss Shari Kari,” Timothy chuckled his strange choking laugh again. “If you’re stuck here, and insist upon staying, then I welcome you.” He placed his inhaler back in its pocket. “Perhaps we could even become good companions while you're here?”
Companions? Shari placed a hand on her face.  “Well, you see, Mister Varmen, I mean uh, Timothy, I've recently got out of a relationship. That doesn’t mean it's a no forever, but we could start as friends? I usually don't move so fast.”
Timothy’s eyebrow rose as he seemed to regard her response. “Okay.”
“Okay. We could meet for a friendly movie,” Shari suggested. “Timothy. Mister Varmen. I will see you around then.” She walked away quickly but politely. That position became quite uncomfortable. She was never right with guys, having never actually dated anyone that she picked out herself.

 “Ooh, ooh, pass it this way!”
Shari groaned as she grabbed her pillow and pulled it over her head. Not those town people again. After hearing the noise and giddy laughter an extra five minutes, she had to act. She threw off her pillow, pried herself out of bed, grabbed her cane and headed to her door. Women were laughing on the side of the street, two boys were throwing a ball back and forth, four were out on the road playing soccer, and at least three grown men were playing hide and seek.
Shari cleared her throat, making sure her speech would not be muffled. “Kids!” Lost Secret, a never-ending game of fun. “Kids, ladies, gentleman, please. Can you play elsewhere?” For the last two weeks, the permie residents would wake early and play all over Lost Secret making her come out every day and repeat the same thing. The normies and tempies would be out later to play, but the six permies had created a partnership with each other while the older permies tended to hang out on the other side of town.
A polite girl with red hair and pigtails wiped off her hands as she placed them on a fire hydrant. Shari wouldn't be surprised if it were gum. The towhead boy next to her took off his glasses and blew on them, pulling a handkerchief from his pants to clean them. The other two boys in the crowd smiled, each wearing a typical colored shirt. Those were the proper children, but the mouthy one was chewing gum and crossing her arms, blowing a bubble but not saying a word today.
"We'll try to be quieter, Shari." The polite redheaded girl of the bunch spoke for the crowd.
When Shari turned around, she knew it would be noisy again, but it wasn’t the children's fault; she was the same way as a child. You couldn’t expect kids to remain quiet. Even the adults, the ones who actually lived there and did not commute, seemed themselves large children who refused to grow up. When she reached the bed, she overheard discussions concerning her and Timothy Varmen. Was it so unusual for relationships to develop around there? Sure, he was gruff, and given his position she didn't blame him for not feeling the best about kids. Shari felt she'd be the same way if she were raised around a town that did nothing but play. With his health too, she knew all too well that watching everyone enjoy life to its fullest when you couldn't do that? It was no fun.
Strangely while thinking of Timothy she heard his voice at the door. Leaving her bed again, she grabbed her blankets and pillows. Timothy's house was enormous, and once you went toward the middle, the sounds of outside disappeared. He had invited her to stay the night with him last night, but she refused. Well, she was about to start saying yes to that option. Making herself decent, she opened the door and stared at him as he puffed on his inhaler. There was always something in the air bothering him. If it were cold, he said it hurt to breathe and walk around. If it were sunny, the pollen moved in on him. Most days he stayed in his house. They were so similar in their actions, it was like finding a twin soul. 
"I know you are up against your will," Timothy said as he glanced back at the permies still in her front yard, "again.” He held a gentle smile and look in his eyes. "Are you sure you don't want to come with me?"
How could she say no this time? Shari held her finger up and headed toward her blankets and pillows. A part of her felt nuts for doing what she would do, sleep in a man's house. Yet Timothy was pleasant, caring, and he felt the connection between them. He was starving for someone like him the same way she had been. “Thank you, Timothy.” She looked back at the permies, still playing in her front yard. "You go ahead and play. I’m going to Timothy’s for a while.”

At almost three, Shari yawned as she rubbed her eyes. “Timothy?” If her life could be compared to any animal, she’d be a sloth. As she thought, once she came to his home, he had not pulled one act against her. He even gave her a spare bedroom, to her relief. "I have to say, I haven't had restful sleep in some time. Thanks for the invite." Her apology changed to an outright request as she saw the ice cream he was presenting to her. "You really do know me." Shari grabbed a spoon and took a bite of creamy caramel, pecans, and fudge swirl. Timothy knew her sweet tooth was violent. He was trying to take their friendship to a new level, it was easy to see. Was she ready? “That’s heaven, Timothy.”
“I bought it for you, normie friend,” Timothy cleared his throat, which seemed higher than usual as he shifted his feet. “Who is a charming, intelligent normie friend? And since I’m normie and you're a normie, that together might make us…”
Shari chuckled and looked over at Timothy. His heart had been in the right place, and there weren’t a lot of people to choose from in the small town of Lost Secret. Most adults didn’t even tie their shoes, or they were gone and left their children behind. She noticed his exterior, his hands were fidgety. He had something serious to say but couldn't get the words out that she already knew. “Okay, Timothy.” Why not, she’d give him a chance. At least he knew how to tie his shoes. "I think I could try a date."
 “Dating?” Timothy stumbled on the words. “D-d-dating? Dating. Yes, dating. Dating it is. Really, with me? I wasn't going to ask for someone else, this would be me.”
Shari chuckled, he wasn't used to dating either it seemed. She bent over and gave him a small kiss, her interest only growing with his stuttering. “Call me.”

Chapter 2: Champion Paladin

"What have I said about running around this tree?" Zeke said as he wrapped gauze around a tempie's leg. His biggest hurdles never came from the permies, only the normies and tempies. As he saw the expression on the normie child, he knew the answer to his own question. "I guess never. I'm Zeke, nice to meet you. Don't play around this tree; the branches aren't strong. If you head down Fourth Street, watch out for the small pothole, and if you need any more help, ask one of the permies and they'll find me." He patted the sore leg. "Stay off this leg for a few days." When he moved back, he glanced to his right hearing his name and saw Gregory, one of the permies. There were so many children in Lost Secret, but the only ones he emotionally became attached to were the ones who never left. Zeke wasn't biased, but by the time he learned a tempies name, they would already be leaving Lost Secret. He waved Gregory over. "How are you?"
"Doing great, Zeke." Gregory patted his hands together. "Want to play?"
"I need to take care of some business," Zeke said, "but afterwards I'd love to play." Zeke brought his attention back to the tempie he'd helped. "You'll be as good as new soon, remember what I said though." The normie reached in his pocket and brought out a sucker to convey his thanks. Zeke felt like gagging, but he plastered a smile on his face and merely waved it off. "Sweets aren't good for you. It's best to stay away from them."
“Sometimes sweets are the only thing you have."
Zeke heard a strange new voice. The voice was soft, female, and though he'd not met her yet, word spread quickly in Lost Secret. He turned around and saw Shari, the new resident. He dusted his hands off and pushed his tinted shades higher on his nose. “Hello. You must be the new resident, Shari Kari. Welcome to Lost Secret.” As they shook hands, he noticed how loose the handshake had been. Her cherry red cane wobbled from his handshake, she wasn't strong. “I’m Zeke, Lost Secret's Champion Paladin.” 
“Yes, Mister Ezekial, I've heard of you. I’m sure I'll see you around,” Shari ducked out of his way and seemed to make a passing glance to Gregory. “See you later, too.” 
Not the friendliest, but he'd seen worse. He was going to talk to the normie until he saw Timothy Varmen wander over. He’d heard another strange rumor, but he wouldn’t risk Timothy becoming naughty and tricking a new resident if it weren’t true. The less time Timothy spent with her, the better. Zeke had slid between Shari and Timothy before Timothy came to her side. He'd grown up right beside Timothy in Lost Secret and had known him better than anyone. “Ah, ah, what are you doing, Timmers?” Shari gave Zeke a dirty look that said ‘What do you think you’re doing?’ Zeke looked between Shari and Timothy. So, the bizarre rumor was true. “You mean he is not after you to start trouble, girl?”
“No.” Timothy shoved him out of the way and marched over to the new resident. Zeke felt out of place as he watched Timothy place his arm around her shoulder in a proud stance. “She is my girlfriend. Not my friend who is a girl, but a genuine girlfriend. We are going out, and we have kissed.”
Zeke felt his face cringe, but with a quick chuckle, hid it. He had to remember his manners. He was the role model of every adult and child in Lost Secret. There were few around who ever picked up the slack. “Oh. My mistake.”
“So Shari,” Timothy said in a powerful voice, wanting to rub in his mistake. “Want to come over tomorrow morning again?”
“It’s nice to get away from everything,” Shari nodded, “sure.” 
Timmers jumped up and down as Shari left from view. That guy reveled in being taken as a normie and had aspired to distinguish himself from the town. Looked like he was now going to try that girlfriend thing with the new resident. Zeke often dissuaded relationships there, but Timothy had gone through the reteaching program, so he had no choice. “Good for you,” Zeke said as he processed the unexpected news. “I guess everyone has someone."
“Yes, and don’t get any ideas Z-z-z-eke,” Timothy embellished as he poked Zeke's metallic peace medallion. “Shari would never go for your tree hugging, stupid, hippie self.  You have no chance. Ha ha, loser. Peace,” Timmer teased as he held his two fingers up in a condescending peace sign as he headed back to his house.
“Watch your language,” Zeke called out to him. Honestly, stupid? What a horrible word. “And a chance of what?” Zeke realized he didn’t understand what Timmers was trying to get across. Then again he stopped understanding that guy some time ago.
“Stealing his friend," Rebecca said from behind him. Her red hair and overalls spoke the spirit of Lost Secret, even if she hadn't been born there. “He’s probably scared you’ll try and get her to play tag or something, Zeke.”
“That won't happen, Varmint and her were made for each other,” said Tina, a cross between a permie and a tempie, chewing her bubble gum and twirling her dark hair. “I don’t know why of all guys he would get someone though.”
Zeke didn't know either. Who the heck would actually care for a guy like Timothy Varmen? He couldn't openly say that, though everyone followed his every word in Lost Secret. Best to be polite and say something simple then leave. “Now, let's be happy for Timmers. It’s not right to think naughty things about people.” He waved at the children and strolled away. It was still early and sooner or later he would have another scrape to take care of.


Chapter 3: Emergency

Shari yawned as she continued her shopping. Lost Secret shopping mall wasn’t the most exciting place in the world, but it was the only thing the town had. Groceries, supplies, post office, everything was located in the mall. The people who ran it seemed to live in different towns around it. She figured it was because there was no one in Lost Secret wanting to do it. Everyone played. All day. How could they afford to live in their homes when they only played? She shrugged and looked at her list. “Let’s see, oops!”
“Oops! I’m sorry.” A girl apologized. She had a small basket of groceries that dumped everywhere. Honestly, the girl couldn’t have been much older than ten years old, and she had to shop for herself. Shari bent down and put her cane on the side of her to help the girl with her groceries. “Thanks for the help, that’s surprising coming from you,” the girl said as she gathered up her groceries once again. “I’m glad the eggs didn’t break, Marcus would have been upset.” Shari helped pick up groceries while looking at the girl. There were at least a hundred children running around the town, and at least twenty adults, but she had seen this girl more than once.  “I’m Rebecca,” The girl said as she picked her basket back up.
“Oh yes, Rebecca.” Shari gestured with her finger. “I remember now, you loved playing early in the morning by my home. Oh, Timothy lets me stay with him at night now.” 
“We already knew that. Nothing happens in Lost Secret in secret.” Rebecca raised her eyes up to her slowly. “Why do you want to be with Timothy all day in a house though? Don’t you want to get up with the sun?” Rebecca grinned widely. “Smell the fresh air and go play?”
Shari picked up her cane and steadily pushed herself back up. She couldn’t help but chuckle at Rebecca. She had once been the same as her, oh how lovely life used to be.
“I spilled my groceries, and you helped me.  I can’t figure you out,” Rebecca said as she seemed to study Shari. “Timothy Varmen would have laughed if I spilled groceries in front of him. He'd probably even grab something and take off with it, making me have to run off after him. You got down and helped, and you didn’t have to, but you’re dating Timothy. One of the worst people in town.”
Shari shrugged at Rebecca. If she kept on trying to figure her out, she’d end up with a headache. Best to be plain, simple, and out of the way.
“Are you going to bring trouble into our town?” Rebecca had to ask. “Sorry to blurt it out, I know Zeke would say it’s rude, but I want to know. Everyone saw the way you were with Zeke. Are you going to try and change our town, bring in different adults? The ones that don’t play? Are you going to take out the fun?”
“No,” Shari said, “I’m not going to stir up anything in this town.” She grabbed a box of gelatin and looked at it. Sugarfree? She decided to put it back. She needed spice in her life. Salt, cinnamon, sugar, sweets, it was about all she had at times.
“But it’s what Timothy lives for,” Rebecca complained, "he's always being mean to us."
Shari put regular gelatin in her cart as she heard the belly ache continue. She pedaled the cart with the girl trailing behind. “Timothy is condescending because he believes the way this town runs is not right. Timothy will never do anything too bad, trust me." She grabbed a piece of already made pie from the freezer section. On the cover was a key lime pie with a fancy top with holes that made it look all the more delicious. She plopped it in her cart delicately and noticed the look Rebecca was giving her. “You trying to figure me out still or is something else wrong?”
Rebecca nodded. “You shouldn’t eat too many sweets, Zeke says so. Lost Secret doesn’t have a dentist, and you have to go to a different town for dentistry. It’s annoying, and you don’t want to do it more than you have to, and if you keep eating stuff like that, you’ll have to go three or four times. Zeke says so. He has to make Timmers go five times a year.” She touched her chin and tapped it three times. “You’re not normal.”
Hmph. Zeke fit into the classical Paladin role alright. Shari looked back over at Rebecca. A part of her wanted to tell the girl to mind her own business about the pie, but she decided to ignore it. The town folks were naturally different. “I’ll see you later Rebecca, I need to pick up my prescription.” Shari walked over to the pharmacy and knocked on the window. “Hello? I’m here to pick up my prescription."

Timothy held a candy bar up to her mouth. Oh how she wished she could bite into the swirls of caramel and chocolate. “No. I can’t,” Shari said as she munched on a carrot. Carrots. Disgusting orange things coming out of the dirty ground. The top was all leafy and dry, as her taste buds felt right now. He asked what was wrong, knowing she never turned down any sweet. Shari told him how they couldn't fill her prescription as she stared at the nasty distasteful carrot. “The medicine is too dangerous for Lost Secret,” she said as she twiddled with her fingers. She didn't know how to say what she had to next, so she blurted out the truth. “I can’t stay in Lost Secret anymore, Timothy.”
“What?” She watched as Timothy stood up, his candy bar left on the side of the couch. “Impossible, I will get whatever it is you need.”
“It’s not worth it,” Shari explained, “and they won’t accept my insurance, which is the only way I can pay.”
“Well I'll figure out something, we should be able to get proper paperwork filled out.” Timothy grabbed his bar again and held it out to her. “Don’t worry about a thing. You are my girlfriend; I will take care of you. So, would you like a bite?”
“Timothy, I’m not being mean.” Shari curled up her legs on the couch. “I can’t eat that, it's too much. The sugar alone could kill me.”
“Sugar, what?” Timothy looked stunned. “The little white powder in packets? Are you sure?”
“Without the medication, I’ll die. If I push myself too hard, I’ll die. If I get stressed out, I’ll die.” Shari hated this part, explaining her condition. Most people thought it was fake, and even Timothy had doubts. “I have JNSQ and only the medication can save me. I have to leave before I run out.” She held up one finger. “I only have one week’s worth left, and I'm not wasting one pill while I'm in Lost Secret.”
“What’s JNSQ?” Timothy asked. “Never heard of it.”
“Je Ne Sais Quois. No doctors know what it is, most say it's a myth, but the danger of regular food is enhanced many times over for me. A third of a grilled cheeseburger could give me a heart attack. Sugar becomes like hydrochloric acid to my body. You get the gist? If I don't take my medication and eat pretty much anything, I will die,” Shari answered back. “I’m sorry, Timothy, even this carrot.” She looked at it with distaste. "If I ate it all, I might change color from the beta carotene. There's no way around it."
“Okay,” Timothy said as he took another bite of his candy bar. “I was left this house and a small fortune, so I can just-"
"No, don't." Shari insisted. "I have enough help with Tracy, I'm not making you pay that outrageous fee for the time I'm here."
"Which you still don't know how long will be." Timothy's voice was soft as he said those words. "Alright, we'll do it your way. Paperwork will have to be taken care of in Calibri City and we will get everything fixed. Then we’ll come back and never worry about it again.”
“It could take a couple of months to get on a different insurance,” Shari warned, “Are you sure?” Should she really do this? She still had a 'hit' out on her. Maybe. Then again, Tracy never said anything in depth about it. She could get back to Calibri, hide under a temporary identity with her sister's assistance, then get it straightened out behind the scenes. Either way, she had to leave and get it sorted out. "Okay Timothy, you can come, but there's something I need to tell you first…"

Shari leaned onto Timothy’s shoulder as they came back into Lost Secret. She had her cane in her other hand twirling it, but was using him for support. He didn't mind. It had taken five weeks, but as promised, he accompanied Shari to Calibri City. It was anything but comfortable for him, but she got her prescription filled and her insurance changed to something Lost Secret could now cover. “I can’t thank you enough for coming Timothy.”
Timothy wrapped his arm around her for extra support.  Unfortunately, the wind and the rain had made the air dry and cool, a bad combination for him. He pulled out his inhaler on the other side when he spotted one of the permies, Simps. The boy had been bouncing his ball in the middle of the street. Not an unusual sight, cars never came around much. He felt Shari's arm leave his shoulder and heard the familiar tapping of it hitting the sidewalk. He'd grown use to hearing the sound of his girlfriend's cane, almost a comfortable echo as they walked nowadays. He glanced toward Simps, the boy noticing him this time. Most likely the boy had been disappointed to see them return unexpectedly. That brought a skip into Timothy's mood. He heard the boy make a squeak about telling the others then lost hold of his ball.
 “This is wonderful,” Shari took out her pill container and shook it at him. “I'm getting a little low, but I can get them filled here. We should head for the pharmacy.” She was content, a happy sight. Shari could hold one nasty grudge, and she had a temper he had caught sight of a few times. It took some time to make her mad, but when she was, the whole world could be seen burning around her. Shari stopped in her tracks. "Timothy, he's running into the road!”
Timothy thought nothing of it. Only residential cars were allowed in Lost Secret, so there was never much traffic.  Besides, if anything bad would happen, Zeke would be responsible. Even if he was a Paladin, he hated to admit, he did have- “Shari?” Everything happened in a blur for him, he barely caught what happened. The lightly tapping echo of the cane fell into a loud thunk as it hit the ground and he watched as his girlfriend ran into the road where a limousine had been coming down the street. 
“Zeeeeeeeeeke!” Simps yelled as he closed his eyes.  The limousine wheels screeched, but the driver wouldn't be able to stop. Shari ran at the boy and tackled him off the road in time to avoid the car. 
Rebecca ran up to the boy along with about fifty other kids. They all squandered along Simps, but Timothy ran past Simps to check on Shari. He knew her heart was no doubt racing after that performance. “Why did you do that?" He felt like stomping his foot at her incompetence, she could have been hurt. He patted her cheeks, but there was no response. He was about to sigh in frustration when he remembered her problem. “Shari.” He felt a presence behind him, a late appearance no doubt by the Paladin himself. That babysitter had been on his way to help, of course, but Shari had taken the initiative first. “Come on Shari get up.” 
Everyone finally decided to check up on his girlfriend after they had their little social pow-wow.  “Shari.” Timothy patted her face harder and held her hand. “Come on Shari, wake up. You knew you couldn’t do that, what am I supposed to do?” Timothy turned his attention toward Zeke, the infamous babysitter. Shari was down because of him. Everything was always his fault. The whole town was his fault. "Where were you?”
“On my way,” Timothy felt like rolling his eyes as he heard the predictable words of Zeke. “She doesn’t look too good.” 
“She didn’t get hit, she knocked Simps out of the way.” Another mindless kid pointed out. “She has to be fine.”
“She’s not fine.” Timothy scolded the tempie. “She can’t be active, especially running and pushing.” He tried to lift up Shari, but he wasn't physically fit. His physique had less tone and his only exercise came from his treadmill and some low impact aerobics. His adrenaline began to pump, knowing she was in trouble, and lifted her anyway. Damn the repercussions, she needed help. As he managed to get her up into his arms, he saw Zeke standing in his way.  “I need to get her to my place, get out of the way.”
“What do you mean she can’t be active?” Rebecca asked.
“She can’t be active, it could kill her.” Timothy gestured his head at her pill bottle that fell to the ground.


Chapter 4: Idgets

Before Timmers made his statement, Zeke had already assumed the girl would be okay. After all, Simps had been, they only got knocked off into the grass too hard. If she had waited a few seconds longer, Zeke could have rescued Simps much easier with less commotion. Even though he was a Champion Paladin, he had the ability to be an Adventurer if he wanted to be. But, once Timmers made his unexpected announcement, his eyebrow twitched and he picked up the nearby bottle he pointed out. He lifted his yellow lenses to peer at it. “No way, this can't be right. What is she doing taking these?” He heard Shari groan.
“Quick, everyone act casual.” Timmers words were muffled, but the critical tone underneath came through to Zeke. Timmers cared for someone? “Stress can kill her, anything energetic can kill her. She needs to rest now, I’m taking her back home.”
“That is too risky,” Zeke said as he went towards Timmers and reached out his hands. “Give her to me.”
“She’s coming with me,” Timmers said as he stepped back. Zeke listened to the children trying to talk Timmers into listening to him. Zeke didn’t want to be rude, but the girl was a resident. He was responsible for her, not Timmers. Zeke watched Timmers pace and hold her so protectively, as if she were fragile glass. Zeke waited only a few seconds more, if Timmers didn't give her up, he'd have to take her without permission. Fortunately, Timmers wasn't athletic, and he couldn't hold onto her forever. “Be careful and don’t let anything happen to her,” Timmers warned as Zeke took over Shari’s care.

Zeke paced back and forth as he looked at the girl in his bed. Oh, woman, he corrected his thoughts. One woman in desperate need of his assistance. He stopped beside her and tapped his peace medallion against his chest as he looked at her. He'd worn the medallion since the first time he became a Champion Paladin. It was a tick he had in urgent situations. The gentle back and forth sound of the chain felt on the back of his neck while it moved was comforting. He bent over her, noticing her skin was still pale, but her eyelashes were beginning to flutter. He tapped his foot, unable to keep still. She was safe now, but had she known how close she had come to death? Oh, if he hadn’t been there who knows what would have happened.
“Go outside and play,” Shari mumbled. “What’s going on?”
“Don’t freak out, you’re in my tower,” Zeke informed her. He bent away from her again, giving her space. Women needed space, at least that's what they taught him in the reteaching program. Shari had opened her eyes and seemed to stare right through him. Her hands trembled as a side effect from what happened. She slurred out a few words that didn't make any sense. “Daydreaming and slurring are not good signs.” Zeke tisked her with his tongue clicking on the top of his mouth, "especially considering the meds you’ve taken.”
“No they aren’t,” Shari fidgeted around, her hands continued to twitch.  “I need to go to a-I need-”
“Don’t say more meds and a hospital won’t help you,” Zeke said. “Why are you taking such a dangerous prescription?”
“I need it.” Shari blinked her eyes, most likely trying to get used to the sun shining through the windows up ahead.  Zeke never put curtains up, there wasn't a need for them. His tower was high enough no one could ever see in, but he could easily observe anyone in need of help. Whether someone fell and needed a band-aid or whether one of the older kids - er adults - got in a scuffle with a younger kid, the tower gave him a view of everything. Of course, a rewot would be much more resourceful than a tower but those were only for Adventurers, and he had no need to be one of those freaks.
“Take a deep breath and relax. No stress,” Zeke said as he continued to hear her mumble.  Would she be getting better soon?
“Let’s go out and play Kari, the sun is shining brightly.” Zeke watched as Shari closed her eyes and daydreamed again, “It’s blinding, grab your sunshades.”
“I am not Kari,” Zeke tried to bring her back to reality. He touched her head gently and looked into her eyes. “I am Zeke, Lost Secret’s Champion Paladin. You pushed Simps out of the way, remember?” As Shari moaned, Zeke had let go of her head. “No hurry to remember then. Just relax and don’t move.” 
***
“I want…Tim? Timothy?” Shari said as she appeared to break out of it. “Timothy?” With her head now focused, she took a better look at her surroundings. On her right were a ton of antique toys. Brand named items she hadn’t seen since she was a little girl. A Slapstick bracelet. A band that laid straight until you slapped it on your wrist, and then it curved. She hadn’t seen one of those since she was ten years old. There were lava lamps lined up along the sides in every color of the rainbow. There was an old red wagon, some building blocks, a plant that looked like-
“Timmers is on the surface of Lost Secret,” A voice told her. “Nothing to worry about, he knows you’re here. Your lack of daydreaming is a healthy sign. How's the light?”
“Okay,” Shari said as she looked to her left and saw, not a ton of toys, but exercise equipment.  Ellipticals, dumbbells, jump ropes, a tread climber, an exercise bike, and equipment she hadn’t even seen before. After her surveying, she turned to the front to see the Paladin, Ezekiel.
He wore a raggedy tie dye shirt with a pair of jeans. Since he wasn’t an Adventurer, he wouldn't have a uniform she guessed. He wore a metallic blue tinted prism medallion shaped in a peace sign along with a pair of gold tinted shades. His hair was a blonde that balanced his blue eyes. Like always. She’d noticed him more than a couple times, he was a bit of a hunk, and his smile could melt anyone’s heart. He’d be considered gorgeous if it weren’t for the out-of-place freckles he had apparently never outgrown around his eyes and nose. Then again, they had their own charm. Shari sat up in the bed, still putting everything together. Ezekiel must have been stressed with as much twitching as he had done. “Where am I? Where’s Timothy?” She looked back to the side. Wasn’t a plant there before?
“We are in my tower,” Zeke said, “and Timmers is down below.”
Shari looked at her hands and felt around herself. Leaving, going back to Timothy’s, a boy, a car. She felt around her face and shoulders. “I’m alright?” Shari touched her chest, a sigh of relief escaping. “Is that boy okay?”
“Simps is fine now,” Zeke said. “You risked your life to save him.”
“He was in trouble, I had to do something.” Shari took another deep breath knowing relaxation was key. “Where are my pills?” She felt around herself, she needed those right away. 
“No, no, no,” Zeke said, “you aren't taking those anymore, girly girl.”
“What?” Shari squinted her eyes. Did he call her ‘girly girl’ and say she couldn’t have her pills? “Without those, I’ll die.”
“With them, you'll be in bigger trouble,” Zeke said. "Nope, the best medicine out there is straight from the Earth.”
“It helps me.  I live because of it.” Shari moved from the bed, wanting to get away from him. The suggestions the simple Champion Paladin brought forth made her weary. Shari looked over toward the windows. She remembered seeing the outside of the tower every time she came out. It was the tallest structure in the little town. No matter where a person went, it could always be seen. Was she actually at the top of that huge thing? “Take me back to Timothy.”
“So you can go jump to your medication again?” Zeke questioned her. “No, you’re staying here for two hours. Trust me, you’ll thank me later girl.”
Shari's eyes became slits as she also crossed her arms. She had patience, yes, but he was trying it. Calling her girl didn’t help matters, she was almost in her thirties. “Let me down.”
“Who is Kari?” The Paladin changed the subject. “From the sound of your daydreaming, you were an active kid.”
“Kari was my sister and I was an active child,” Shari answered with no nonsense. “I am thankful you saved me, but I need to go back down.”
“You were active then, but I haven’t seen you on the streets playing at all,” Zeke noted. “You’re taking naughty medication that few people know about, so I have a feeling I know what’s wrong. Trust me Shari,” he flashed another grin at her, “Mother Nature always has a better way for us. I can help you find the true path.”
Shari tried to keep her calm. Who did this guy think he was? She gave the kids and funny kid-like adults the liberty of calling her Shari, or even without miss, but he was a Champion Paladin. He should know better. “I’ve gone to several doctors, okay? Now trust me, Mister Ezekiel, I need that medication.” Yes, she knew it was wrong not adding Champion Paladin to the address, but he was wearing out her patience.
“No, you don’t. It’s all in your head.” Zeke uncrossed his arms and moved his left hand in a circle. “Forget the medication, and I’ll show you how to go with the flow.”
“You are holding me here against my will,” Shari warned him. “Champion Paladin or not, kidnapping will not look good on your record.”
I’m not kidnapping you Shari, trust me.” Zeke tried to reason.
“It’s Miss Shari Kari,” Shari corrected him, being able to take no more. She looked around for her cane, but it was nowhere in sight. “I want to go down and see Timothy.” The Paladin tried to talk with her again, but she refused to listen to his crap. 
“Okay, Miss Shari Kari" the jerk finally gave in, "after we have a brief talk about your scene, if you still want to, I’ll bring you back down.”
“If Timothy comes up,” Shari insisted. She didn't know this Paladin, and he hadn’t exuded a friendly vibe since he told her to stop the medication. It was the equivalent of handing someone a gun and saying ‘go play’. Shari waited until the Paladin gave up, and Timothy was brought up to the top of the tower. She felt better seeing him there holding her cane. He must have been distressed by the incident. As Timothy walked toward her, Shari gave into the Paladin. After all, he did keep his promise. “Okay. What do you think is wrong with me, Mister Ezekiel?”
“It’s Zeke, and you can’t eat food. Well, most food.” The Paladin put both hands on his chest. “We’re both the same. No fish, no pork, no beef, no saturated fats, no salts, peanuts, dyes, etcetera? The sweeter the substance, the higher risk of death? Can a single teaspoon of sugar kill you? JNSQ, the unclassified allergy.” He nodded. "I know I'm right."
“It’s not that simple,” Shari said. “I’ve gone to many doctors since I was twelve. Even eating all natural vegetables won't save me.”
Timothy puffed on his inhaler, no surprise. He had such severe allergies and her near death experience wouldn't help any. He pointed at the Paladin. “Even staying away from everyday vegetables doesn't save her. Explain that idget.”
“You’re the idget,” Zeke pointed back to Timothy.
“You are.”
“You are.”
“You are.”
“You are.”
“I know you are, but what am I?” 
Shari blinked as she realized these men, who must have each at least been thirty, were acting like children too. Timothy had his moments when he seemed to revert to the town’s strange childlike innocence. But even the man, the person in charge of all the children and adults himself had the problem? Could be something in the water, she thought to herself. She should switch to bottled.
“Shut up Varmint,” the Paladin yelled at her hapless boyfriend, “I am trying to have a serious talk with the new girl.”
“Trying but not succeeding.” Timothy said back. “And what would the kids think if they heard you say shut up? I should tell.”
“I am being serious here, and they wouldn’t believe you anyhow Timmers, now quiet.” Zeke turned his attention to her again. “With a little help, you wouldn’t need meds anymore. You see, I can train you to be active. All the time, every day at first, just staying active. If you can do that, you’ll make it.”
 “Huh?” Shari tried to stand up with her cane, but her back ached from the hard fall. She pushed herself up and grabbed her back. “I can’t be active. You saw-”
“The meds are responsible for that,” Zeke said. “Don’t eat anything but organic vegetables, you know, nature. Mother Nature knows your limits, trust her. Don’t take any more pills, and just exercise and play. Keep the body moving. Before you know it, you’ll level out and be okay. You will even be able to eat some food that is inorganic toward the end without risking death."
Timothy had to get his two cents into her conversation. “Telling others to abandon their doctor’s medication? Not an exceptionally good role model for the residents right now, are you?”
The Paladin came closer to her. “I have been where you are, Shari. When I was younger I had to take it. I couldn’t exercise; I couldn’t even walk well because I was weak." He gestured toward her cane. "Legs buckle beneath with no warning. I know. One day, I decided I didn’t want to live that way. I stayed away from all hazardous food…" 
Shari looked at her fingernails and blew on them, her mind wandering while the dumbass continued to talk. Once the room became silent, she looked at the Champion. She saw him grinning a stupid 'everyone-adores-me' smile. "Constant movement and eating healthy. I would never have to take anymore medication again. Uh huh. Yeah, right."
“It’s true,” Zeke said, “and you would be more fit again.”
Shari didn't move, but her eyes glared up at him for that comment. Did that wannabe call her fat? She wasn't fat. Well, she wasn't super skinny like a model, but she didn't weigh two hundred pounds quite yet. 
“It's only at first before you level out, then you can take it easy again. You will quit to sleep,” Zeke added, "and you'll need plenty of rest. I always go to bed around seven."
Okay, it was official. The guy was a freak. “Being active all the time and becoming an organic vegetarian,” Shari rolled her eyes again.
“No way,” Timothy refused. “Don’t Shari, its absurd. He’s no doctor; he’s no more than an Adventurer reject.”
“It’s not hard. Once you begin, you won’t know how you ever dealt with medication.” The Paladin grabbed Timothy and gave him a juvenile noogie. Timothy groaned when he let him go, and the Paladin continued the conversation.  “We’re different than others, Shari. What d’ya say?”
“Let me think,” Shari responded curtly, “uh, no.”
“Okay,” The Paladin said. “One month of no medication, no inorganic and manmade foods, and some training by me. If you don’t like it, then you can go back to your medication.”
“No,” Shari held up her finger and shook it three times. “No, no, and no.”
“You have to have faith in yourself,” Zeke insisted once again. “Isn’t there anyway you’ll listen to me? I have been where you are, and I know you should not stop taking medication from doctors, that is naughty, and I know I am not a doctor, but-but I’ve been in your shoes. I could give you my doctor’s address?”
“If she didn’t like it?” Timothy stepped in front of Shari.  “If she did what you said, and she came back to wanting meds after the end of the month, what would you give us?”
What? No way. Shari's mouth dropped as she looked at her boyfriend. Was he trying to use her as a piece of meat for his own selfish purpose? Shari’s eyes narrowed on him as he began to converse with Zeke. Without her input. "No way, and don't act like I'm not here."
“The pills are not what you think they are,” Zeke continued to try and convince her of his feeble way. “They aren't the way to go. No matter what those doctors say, they don’t help people like us gir-Miss Shari Kari. They only change us.” He stood up in a straight pose. “On those pills, I would not be the Champion Paladin I am today.”
“Sure yeah, you also can’t have breakfast treats.” Shari pointed out. “Mmmm…do you remember the gentle sensation of creamy sugar that hit your tongue in the center? I bet you do.”
“I don't miss that food,” the Paladin said. “You won't regret losing it either if you follow me.”
“I don’t even know you,” Shari turned away. “Sorry, Mister Ezekiel, I am not following you simply because you're a Paladin.”
“It’s Champion Paladin,” Zeke corrected her again. “Where are you going?” Shari refused to listen anymore as she took off toward the stairs. She watched as Zeke flipped right into her view. Well, the monkey didn’t understand the word no. She could see why Timothy was so irritated by him now. “Fine, I understand you do not want to trust me,” Zeke pointed to himself, “but that doesn’t stop me from wanting to help you though.”
“Why?” Shari frowned. “You don't even know me, we’ve barely met.”
“It’s what a Champion Paladin does,” Zeke said. “Big or little, I help everyone.”
“Nice motto, except I don’t need help,” Shari reminded him. “I’ve got everything squared away, and I am free to live my life once again.”
“Without being able to play? Without being able to run around outside?” Zeke asked. “What kind of life is that?”
“It’s an adult life, and it's mine,” Shari held her finger out and pointed at him. “A Paladin should not interfere where he is not needed,” she warned him, “so please, go find someone else who needs you to kiss their boo boo.”
Zeke got in front of her as she reached the bottom of the fourth flight of stairs. Damn, this tower was higher than she thought. “Your problem is much bigger than helping tempies find their way,” the annoying Paladin chimed in again, "or normies falling on the ground and needing a band-aid or-”
“My problem is you,” Shari said with a sharp tone. Normies, permies, tempies. Ugh, this town drove her crazy, and if he didn’t back off; she didn’t know what she’d do. “I am trying to be nice about this, please, leave me be. I don’t know you and I don’t want to get to know you."
“There must be some way to convince you,” Zeke whined like a child being denied his favorite treat. “Come on lady!” Oh, now he decided to use the term lady?
“Leave her be already, Zeke. Talk about desperate,” Timothy mumbled but chuckled afterward.
“Do you think this is funny?” Shari whipped her head around to look at Timothy as she pointed at herself. “My health is on the line.” Shari couldn’t believe Timothy. She didn't care what Timothy’s beef was with the Paladin, he needed to stop acting like a child and start acting like her damn man.
“One month to teach her, but she has to be willing to learn. We could arrange something we're both happy with?” Zeke began to pay attention only to Timothy again, trying to avoid her. Bypass her, using him again? What an asshole. As much as he hated cussing, she was about to say it in his face if he didn't knock it off.
Timothy looked at Shari again. “One month compromise? We might be able to get something decent out of him.”
“No,” Shari folded her arms, her body felt tense and ready to hit something. She couldn't take it anymore. “No, no, no. Why should I risk my life to follow him?  I don’t care about changing the town this much, and I am not a bargaining chip, Timothy Varmen.”
Timothy’s unbelievable answer? “Oh.”
“And you, Paladin,” Shari took her finger and poked Zeke in the chest repeatedly. “I am not a handout, Mister Ezekiel, and Timothy is not my voice.” 
The Paladin looked at her oddly. Guess no one ever questioned him. “Why can’t you let me help you?”
“Get out of the way you stupid asshole!” Shari demanded. Her anger had risen farther than it had been in years, now was not the time anyone should mess with her. Her fists were drawn tight, city instinct kicked in, and she felt sorry for the next soul that messed with her. Her stature must have been enough to get the point across as the Paladin stepped out of the way and let her march through.


Chapter 5: Wheezer

As the days drug on, Zeke kept an eye on Shari Kari. Want it or not, he had to help her, but every time he got close to having some kind of conversation with her, the same person kept butting in. Timothy Varmen. He loved gloating over the fact Zeke wasn’t getting what he wanted. Dumb Varmint. He'd eventually help him get Shari, but in the meantime, he was living it up for all it was worth.
“Hello there, Zekey.” Timmers winked at Zeke from the bench he was sitting on. Timmers gestured toward Shari next to him. “Are you here to talk to Shari again, huh?”
Zeke couldn't smile. Few things had irritated him, but he couldn’t help feeling miffed. Everyone trusted him in Lost Secret, everyone knew better than to disobey his advice. He was the chief, the final word. The strange woman didn’t understand that yet, and dang it, in the meantime it was annoying. He hadn’t had to work at the art of convincing anyone for many years.
“Shari, the wannabe Adventurer is here again,” Timothy smiled at Shari. “Do you want to speak to him?”
Shari continued to hide behind a newspaper.  “Tell Hippie to go away.”
“Five minutes?” Zeke suggested, knowing the way it would be he’d better start with a high number. He could feel eyes on the back of him, watching his moves. Everyone expected him to succeed; only he was the one who had a doubt in himself. How would he convince this strange outsider of his ways, especially when she had used Timmers nickname for him.
“You heard the lady, now shoo.” Timothy laughed as he made a shooing gesture. “Run along now, go play somewhere else, Zekey boy.”
Zeke crossed his arms stubbornly as for a split moment he thought of all the things he could do to Varmint. Naughty thoughts, terribly wrong. “Two minutes, I want to talk two minutes.”
Shari flipped the newspaper to the next page and sniffed. “Look at that.” Shari nudged Timothy to look at her newspaper. “There’s a lovely house in a place called Restinburg for sale. Ooh, and look hon. There is no mention of any Paladins living nearby to pester you all the time.”
“It’s Champion Paladin,” Zeke corrected her. “Sixty seconds, brief, no time wasted. I will not bother you for the rest of the day.”
“I do have a stopwatch,” Timothy pulled out a stopwatch from behind, clearly enjoying himself way too much.
Shari gave Zeke her usual ‘I-don’t-care-you’re-beneath-me’ look. “Why not, you’re only going to stalk me tomorrow.”
Zeke wasted no time. “The drug combination in those pills are lethal, Shari Kari, every time you use them your chance of fatality rises. You know that too, and they reduce what energy you are physically and emotionally capable of expressing, you cannot be holistic.” He took a moment to breathe, knowing he had to talk fast. “Those pills will be the death of you if you don’t let me try and help you. I want one chance. One month to show you what life can be like without being on those things. I almost died from taking those, which is why I stopped and found my own inner peace. It will work, all you have to do is try.”
“Dying?” Timothy looked back over at Shari. Apparently, Miss Shari Kari didn’t indicate that to her boyfriend. “Is he right, can they hurt you?”
“With or without them,” Shari said, “but I have better chances with them and it’s not until you’ve been taking them thirty years or so until that risk surfaces.”
“Liar, liar, pants on fire!” Zeke pointed at her with his left hand and with his right he held up all his five fingers with so much passion they were trembling. “I had been on my fifth year taking them when I had a terrible experience. Do you know what happened after that? After the hospital stay, I was told to stay on the prescription. Fifth year, Miss Shari Kari, how long have you been taking them?”
“It’s rare,” Shari said to Zeke. “Most likely, you mixed something with it that you shouldn’t have, or you were too hyperactive.” Shari picked up her cane that was lying next to her and smiled at Timothy. “Don’t worry, I have many more years left. When these pills get risky, they introduce me to others. I’ll live well until I’m fifty or sixty.” She patted his dumb cheek softly.
“Stop being a hard-headed girl,” Zeke complained. He was failing, and he knew it. “Let me help you.”
“I don’t need help, and your time has been up, boy.” Shari clicked the stopwatch for Timothy and then smiled at him. “Want to go back to your place for some dessert, hon?”
“Sounds like a good idea,” Timothy nodded as he put the stopwatch away. “So long, Zeke you ignoramus. We will see you later.”
Zeke watched as Timothy and Shari both walked away. He pouted and stomped his foot. “Shari Kari!” He felt something tug at his shirt and saw Simps. “Don't worry, I'm fine, Simps.” Zeke had on a strained smile. He hadn’t even seen the young boy there. Then again, most of the permies and tempies were probably listening.
“You yelled out Shari’s name,” Simps looked concerned. “Really loud and kind of angry. What did she do?”
“It’s what she’s not doing.” Zeke tried not to sound bitter. He had to be the best he could be in front of the kids. Every move he made, every word he spoke was generally considered the law, so when he messed up, the whole town would mess up. “My previous actions are not looked upon with favor, it was an accident brought upon because of frustrated feelings. I have to convince her to trust me, and I don’t know how.”
“I trust you,” Simps smiled.
“Yes, I know Simps.” Zeke watched Timothy and Shari walk off. “That girl doesn’t though.”
"Who cares, she's weird." Pat, one of his hardest permies to control butted in. Pat was a born permie, but he didn't have the same attitude as others like him for some reason. He even dressed in a fancy suit, like he was ready for business all the time. 
“Yeah, Shari Kari.” Simps agreed. “She sure is weird. She's a new permie, but she never plays.” He shrugged his shoulders. “At least Timothy doesn’t cause much trouble anymore, he’s preoccupied now. It’d be nice if Timothy and her got married. As Mr. And Mrs. Varmint, you know Timothy could never cause problems for us again.”
“Nice thought Simps,” Tina showed up next to him along with Gregory and Rebecca. “Maybe they could get married and move far, far away too. What do you think, Beck?”
Rebecca smiled beside Tina. “I’ve seen Shari looking at ads for a different place. I don’t know if Timothy would follow her though.”
 “Can we help you? Huh, Champion?” Simps asked. “We’ll get everyone together and we’ll all tell her about you, and how great you are with always having band-aids, and advice, and food when kids are left behind without any, and-and how you show new tempies how to take care of themselves, and well everything.”
“I don’t think she would be impressed,” Zeke looked down at Simps. Oh, he knew for a fact that Shari wouldn’t be impressed. “She sees me as nothing but a nuisance. Champion Paladin or not, she has no faith in me.”
“So?” Tina groaned. “Who cares about a strange woman anyhow?  She’s one of those outsider adults who suck.” Zeke gave her a sharp look, his tongue held firmly in his cheek as he turned his head just right toward her. “I mean, all those adults aren’t as cool?”
“Suck is not an appropriate word used in Lost Secret,” Zeke corrected her. Even the slightest decline could spread like wildfire. After he was certain she understood, he went on.  “Shari is important though. I promised I would never let anyone stay on those pills. I made a vow to myself. One way or another, I have to convince her.”
“Wasn’t she prescribed them?” Rebecca had to ask. “Should she ignore her doctor?”
Oh, he knew that was coming. He stood up straight and coughed, knowing he would have to speak carefully. It wasn't always easy being a child’s role model, and he was everyone’s role model in Lost Secret. All six permies children, three hundred sixty five to four hundred two tempies (depending on who left or arrived), plus the standard adult lifers. He noticed many of the residents nearby that were playing had taken interest and stopped to listen. Some were even running toward him. He gave his most valiant smile.  “Doctors are darned good, and when people are sick or need them, they should listen to them. Only in extreme, very extreme, cases…” Zeke wiggled his tongue, trying to think of the words. “Modern technology can’t always help, or be the best and all doctors are different and have different opinions?”
Everyone had coughed, scratched heads, swayed bodies or yawned. Yeah, that didn’t work. Oh the fun of making them understand.  Time for a different approach. He motioned for everyone to gather around. He watched as the jump ropers, basketball players, soccer ball players, hopscotchers, taggers, and half of the red rover crowd came over. 
“Okay, everyone, sit. Find a spot, no poking. Be good. Benji, don’t tickle An-Don’t tickle Anne right there, that’s a no-no spot! Thank you.” Zeke picked up a ball that was on the ground. “One person could say this is a ball for dribbling, another could say it’s for throwing, and another person might say you can sit on it. Everyone has different opinions, and even though they are all right, the best solution for each person is different. In this case, Shari’s doctor should be telling her to dribble.” Zeke started to dribble. “Instead he is telling her to sit on it.”
“Okay,” Rebecca looked at the other children, then back at him. “So Shari’s doctor is wrong?”
“Not wrong, he doesn’t know everything, in this case.” Zeke spun the ball on his finger. “A person who has never seen a basketball before might think you should sit on it. They don’t have enough experience.”
“So Shari shouldn’t sit on balls?” Simps asked.
“No, Simps.” Rebecca said. “Zeke means that Shari’s doctor doesn’t understand everything right. That’s what you mean, right Zeke?”
Zeke nodded, the answer was close enough. “I have a different doctor’s advice, and he understands better. If she would stop and listen,” a smidge of agitation leaked through his voice, “then she would be happier. She refuses though. No matter what I do or how I say it.” He caught himself and started to smile. “Who wants to play basketball?”

Everyone stopped playing basketball, including Zeke, as Timmers ran up to them screaming for them to stop. “It’s Shari,” Timmers wheezed, barely able to speak as he pointed behind himself, “she went unconscious, and I don’t know what to do.”
“Shari." 
Timmers held his chest and pointed to his house. "Go, Hippie. Wait, what?" 
Zeke ignored Timmers, he had no time to talk about explanations. They needed to move, and Timmers couldn't run back with ease. Against Timmers will, he slung him over his back like a burlap bag and headed to Shari. Timmers yelled at him and beated on Zeke's back, but he didn't care. "Quit belly aching and tell me what happened. Well?"
"She bit into some ice cream, and she fell over,” Timmers answered, "now let me down, this is childish."
 “Inorganic.” Of course, the ice cream was the culprit, but why did it affect her if she were taking her pills? Zeke ran to Timmers house, placed him down and went over to where Shari fell. He knelt beside her and felt her pulse. “It’s weak.”
“Well do something, you’re a Champion Paladin.” Timothy adjusted his tie and dusted his suit off. “Fix her.”
“I’ve been trying to fix her, but she’s been like a stubborn kid and won’t listen,” Zeke reminded him. He felt her pulse again. “It’s getting weaker, Timmers.” Oh, why hadn’t he convinced her in time?
“What can you do?” Timothy gestured, his hands were going all over the place. “What, what do we do?”
“Hope she pulls out,” Zeke picked her up and laid her on the nearby couch. “Stay calm and don’t move. Oh and, by the way, you could give me any of those pills of hers if you’d like.”
Timmers ignored him of course. “She’s been fine, what happened?”
“She may have stayed away too long and needs a stronger dosage,” Zeke threw out as a possibility. “I don’t know, but we'll know when she wakes up. After all, she thinks she knows better than me. Remember?”
“What could she have done that was so physical and took energy?” Timmers rubbed his forehead. “What have we done?”
“Anything physical will stress her overboard, even if it’s fun.” Zeke tried to figure it out. What could Timothy and Shari have possibly done that was physical and fun?  “Well, is there anything else you’ve done recently that took energy?” Zeke asked. “I mean,” He gestured offhand, not comfortable with what he had to ask. “Have you been uuuhh…the umm…” He quoted with his fingers. “Doing those ‘special exercises'?”
“Do I look like I’m an acrobat?” Timmers complained. “What acrobatic exercises?”
“You’ve been through the reteaching program,” Zeke said, “so you know, the ‘special exercises’ between a man and a woman? The…” His nose crinkled. “You know, nevermind.”
“Oh.” Timothy laughed with delight, apparently enjoying Zeke’s humility. “You mean have we done,” he whispered and giggled, “the ultimate adult activity?” he snorted. “No, of course not stupid."
“Well, she messed up somewhere, meanie.” Zeke shot back. “She took her usual dosage? Did she take anything else with it?”
“Let’s see. Oh yes,” Timothy stood up straight, apparently proud of his memory. “She had a headache and said she needed a pill, so I gave her a headache pill.”
“A headache pill?” Zeke grabbed his head. “She meant her meds, Timothy Varmen. She could have gotten a headache from not taking it, so she would want to take it. She can't have any pills for anything else.”
“Don’t yell,” Timmers whined like a child being scolded and rubbed his foot against the floor. “I didn’t know.”
“You’re such an idiot. What type of headache pill?” Zeke questioned immediately.
“A generic brand,” Timothy answered, “and you’re the idiot you ogre.”
“Okay,” Zeke let out a sigh of relief. “Not the best, but not the worst. She should pull through fine.” He looked over at Timothy. “You drive me crazy, Varmint.”
“Don’t call me that,” Timmers complained. “What can I do to help?”
“Not give her any more headache pills would be a good start, duh.” Zeke said as he stood back up. He took a moment to look around Timmers home.  “Homey. So this is where you spend your entire life?” He noticed some dying plants in a corner. "Still can’t take care of plants. Sloppy man.”
“Hippie.”
“Wheezer.”
 “Oooohhh…” Shari grabbed her head. “What happened?”
“I gave you a headache pill, sorry.” Timothy apologized.
“It’s okay,” Shari sat up slowly. “I better take more medication.”
“Of course,” Zeke rubbed his peace medallion in his hands.  “Almost die, just ‘it’s okay, I should take more’,” Zeke mocked her in a high voice. “If you are going to be this reckless anyhow, why not try my method?”
“It was an honest mistake,” Shari stood up for Timothy as she looked upon him. “Just ask if I need to be more specific.” She felt her head again. “I’ll be back, I need to lie down again.” She laid her head back down and drifted back to sleep, not quite being able to stay awake yet.
“She’s fine,” Timothy said in a bright voice. “I’ll know next time.” He looked over at Zeke. “Get out now.”
The hardest headed individuals on the planet. There was no choice, Zeke didn’t want to do it, but there was no other alternative. Shari Kari had almost died because she refused to listen to him. There was only one option: Like a child being unfairly punished to teach a lesson, he had to do it.
Words were one thing, but being provoked should do the trick against Timmers. “You need to make her see reason, Timothy. Otherwise,” Zeke chuckled, “you’ll never find anyone else with your vision. You will never change this town. All the kids love me, the adults love me, and the press finds me fascinating. As it stands, you’ll never create what you want here. In fact, I could run this town, and I could organize all kinds of mandatory playing events. As often as I want too,” he chuckled. “I think it’s great. What do you think, Timmers? We could start with cross-town Red Rover Fridays?” Timmers was flabbergasted. Zeke continued to tell him about the organic gardens everyone would be required to produce, taking trips out of Lost Secret to help endangered animals, and even planned on opening a mandatory lunchtime where he fixed every morsel of food. He was about to discuss strategies he would use to attract more children to Lost Secret, when he finally won.
“No, that’s it,” Timothy couldn’t take it anymore. “Shari will train under you, she will fail you, and you will be out of here!”
Zeke grinned and scratched his cheek. “I was hoping you’d say that.”

Zeke waited outside Timmers door, kicking dirt around since there was no grass. Had Timothy convinced her to finally listen to him? He watched as Timmers came out. “What’s the verdict?” Zeke was down to his last cards and had run out of ideas to persuade her anymore. This had to work.
Timmers smiled oddly. “Well, Zekey, I had a long talk with her and, given the right incentive, she’ll do it.” There was something unsettling in the grin. “That right incentive is the opposite.”
“The opposite?” Zeke questioned. Timmers was up to something. “What’s that mean?”
“You want her to give up her pills, so if you fail, you have to go back,” Timmers’s grin could not have gotten any bigger as he said his next words, “on yours.”
Definitely Timmers Varmints influence with that decision. “Can I talk to her?” Zeke asked instead.
“No, a yes or no. Shari says she’s tired of dealing with you. If you say no, but continue to harass her, she is moving away.” Timmers stared at his door and rubbed his finger down the side of it. “She will move to Restinburg.”
Zeke knew he wouldn’t lose that bet, but even having to agree to it? He vowed never to take those pills again, but he also vowed that no one else would either. Shari Kari had almost died twice because of her medication.  “Maybe,” Zeke stood straight. This was not a choice he should jump into. True, Shari Kari needed his help, but to put his own self on the line? “This is a difficult decision,” Zeke said as he moved around. He was putting his own activeness, his own life, his reason for being on the line. To slip back into those pills? “I swore I would never use them again. The human spirit can’t endure it.”
“Well then, she’ll leave.” Timmers didn’t sound happy about that.
Zeke paced back and forth. What a decision. This was not a little bet by any means. He stopped and tapped the bottom of his left toe against the ground. He moved to tapping his right toe against the ground. He moved his feet from left to right then paced back and forth again.
Timmers rolled his eyes at him. “You’re driving me crazy, stop that.”
Zeke couldn’t stop, not this time. He jiggled his metallic medallion up and down. He took off his shades and swooshed them around as he talked. “One month, with me, a-and if she goes back, I go back too. Isn't she willing to make any other deal? I could leave my post here forever. I could agree to never bother her again? Anything” he finished placing the end of his shades in his mouth, "at all?"
“She doesn’t want anything else,” Timmers insisted, “Shari wants an equal trade.”
Zeke took his glasses out of his mouth and waved them around again. If she used to be active, the chance he could get her to change her mind were strong, almost one hundred percent. He’d have her jumping and skipping around in a couple of weeks. He could do it in a month, there’s no way he could lose. Once she felt the adrenaline, she would want to stay away from the medication forever. But was he sure enough to stake something so great on it?
Zeke loved Lost Secret, it was a fun city with fantastic people.  He looked down at his shoes. This would be a goodbye to himself. A goodbye to playing and to being a Champion Paladin. He promised he would never go back on those. She would die of her own stupidity if  he didn’t do something though. A life for a life. That was what Shari Kari wanted, and she would take nothing less.
Being a Champion Paladin was hard. It wasn’t always as easy as being an excellent role model or keeping bandages on hand.  Sometimes, it took more, like the ability to put someone else before you. Even another life before yours. Zeke knew that and faced the facts. He nodded with a heavy sigh. “Okay.”
“What?” Timmers held his hand to his ear, “I didn’t hear you.”
Zeke took a deep breath. “If she chooses to go back to the pills in one month, I will go back too.”
Timmers grinned. “Great. But there’s one more thing, tied to this bet…”

Chapter 6: Hippie

“This has plenty of poison to you. Lots of it,” Zeke said as he trashed a chocolate roll in the garbage can beside him. He was going through Shari’s refrigerator, to remove all temptations he could find. She wasn’t ignorant, as soon as they begun, she would be vulnerable, and even a pinch of sugar could cause death. Her sugar bowl was the first to go, then her cereals. Next he got rid of her candy, some oatmeal cookies, and her ice cream. He had found, even to her surprise, some sugar cookies she had forgotten about way in the back of her refrigerator. Oh those had to go whether they had sugar or not. Yes, she should have given her refrigerator a quick look over before he came.
“Anything else?” Zeke searched once more around her refrigerator as he grabbed her maple syrup. “Maple syrup definitely has the capability to kill.”
It also has lots of flavor, Shari couldn’t help but think as she watched him dump her favorite syrup into the trash. Once the month was over, she’d have to go grocery shopping again. When he asked if there were anymore temptations, she lied as she looked above the refrigerator. On an unmarked canister were her world favorite cookies. She'd send him to hell packing before she'd allow him to take those. She thought that would be the end of it, but oh no. 
"Well that takes the sweets out that are the most deadly. Now for the rest. Any fish, any fats, anything inorganic." He reached into her freezer. "No more pork, no more beef, and fish sticks?" He wrinkled his nose as he tossed them with gusto. "Frozen fish sticks, that's not even real fish I guess, but it's filled with all those-"
"All the things under the sky. I get it," Shari interrupted. "Damn vegetarians."
"I never said I was," The Paladin corrected her. "Once you get in synch and become more active, you can eat certain meats. Just not sweets. A cupcake would still hurt me. Speaking of cupcakes, what are those?"
"Oh, oh, that's uh…" Shari shrugged her shoulders. 
"What are you doing with cupcakes in your freezer?" 
Shari rolled her eyes. That was becoming a common occurrence. She debated if she should lie and say it was for a kinky orgy, but the guy was so clueless, it'd probably be a wasted joke. "Just toss them already." After her refrigerator had been emptied of all the delicious treats and filled with all the icky organic crappy vegetables, she would be eating for the month, she watched the Paladin leave to her living room. Now what else was he going to do? The Paladin had to show off his super strength by lifting her TV up like a child's wooden abc block. That bastard was even taking her TV, was he? “You break that, and it's your butt.”
“I’ll be sure to be careful, but please watch your language.” Zeke set the television on her couch. “Now where and how long do you sleep? Is your mattress too comfy to get out of in the morning, or is it too hard to get rest on?”
“Doesn’t matter,” Shari folded her arms, “I don’t sleep on it that much. I sleep at Timothy’s.”
“Oh. Timothy.” Zeke scratched his nose, she knew what was coming. “Speaking of Timothy Varmen, I don’t suppose you-"
“Could keep my distance so he doesn’t tempt me in any way?” Shari finished for him. No way was she going to dump Timothy for a month. “I won’t fall for temptations.”
“He wants you to fail,” Zeke reminded her, “and he wants to win this.”
“I don’t care what he wants,” Shari unfolded her arms and placed them on her hips, “I’m not staying away from Timothy.”
“You are making it harder on yourself,” Zeke warned her, “he will be full of temptations.”
“He knows the risk of tempting me when I am not on pills,” Shari blew a loose strand of hair out of her eyes. Timothy wasn't stupid, and the Paladin wouldn't change her mind. He asked a couple more times, but as the word ass made it into the conversation, he stopped pursuing. Really, she could use way worse words if she wanted to. 
"Is there anything else you might have forgotten?" Zeke asked.
“I'm sure you sucked all the fun out of my house.” Shari gestured around herself, “Food, television, radio, snacks, yeah, they’re all gone.”
“You will be happier at the end of this, I promise you.” Zeke said, "I promise."
“Yeah well, maybe.” Shari pursed her lips in once then back out. “If this does work, I might be able to keep a boyfriend.”
“Why? They are too energetic for you?” Zeke teased. "Maybe that's why you settled."
“No, but guys like energetic activities,” Shari said casually. “Timothy’s cute, like a giant kid. I didn't settle at all.” She couldn’t help as a small smile blossomed on her face. “Haven’t had any problems in the energetic department yet.”
“Timothy. Sweet?" Zeke coughed. "If you say so…"
“Oh, you’re okay too,” Shari said, “you’re more annoying though.”
“I am not annoying,” Zeke looked offended. “I simply want what’s best for you, that’s all.”
“No, you play daddy all day to over a hundred people, and still play with them like you’re a kid anyhow. It’s not exactly normal,” Shari pointed out.
“Just you wait,” Zeke shook his finger. “Soon enough, you’ll be just like me.”
“Please, don’t scare. Paladin.” Shari couldn’t believe herself. Zeke brought out the worst in her. Something about the effects of not being on her medication, watching all her food being tossed out like garbage, and watching him smile a smile that well, frankly, made her want to slap him. She felt violent without her pills, he'd better pray her feelings adjusted soon. PMS didn't have shit on her today.
“It is Zeke, or Champion Paladin, not Paladin,” Zeke corrected her once again. “Okay Shari Kari, I think it’s time to start. Welcome to your first day of training. Now, let’s start off small. How about push-ups?”

Rebecca, Tina and Gregory all watched as Zeke came jogging around the corner.
“Hi Zeke,” Rebecca smiled. “What are you doing?”
“Training.” Zeke watched from behind the corner. He had been going slow for Shari knowing that many years of no exercise would make her a slow runner. But it was worse than that, even any child in Lost Secret could win a race against her. Even Timmers could put her to shame. Her only competition might be a turtle, or a snail. Five minutes later, Shari appeared around the corner. She had already looked spent as she bent over grabbing her back.
“Hi Shari!” Rebecca said trying to cheer her on.  “Are you playing? Isn’t it fun?” Shari glared at her with icy coldness. She uttered no words, letting her feelings surge through her expression. Even Zeke felt the chill. Every one of the children in the surrounding area instinctively backed up one step. Shari had not been herself, and that look didn’t seem to reassure them.
“Come on Shari, buck up!” Zeke hit her back gently. “You are doing great for your first day.”
Shari looked over at Zeke with an unchanged expression. Her voice was grim, dry and dangerous. “I want to kill you.”
“Not very appropriate in front of the children,” Zeke corrected, gesturing to the kids. “You should think next time before you speak. Run to the stop sign as fast as you can.”
“Why don’t you!” Shari complained. Her voice sounded hoarse, and sweat could be seen all over her temple and cheeks. She appeared as if she had run a marathon.
“Zeke,” Tina pointed at Shari. “You know, I know you only have a month but…”
“You are running her ragged, and there’s no way you’re gonna win using this approach,” Gregory finished for Tina.
“I’m trying not to,” Zeke said, “but she has a long way to go, and I can’t afford to lose this bet.”
“Why? What is it?” Rebecca asked. “What bet? I thought those were wrong.”
“It’s a personal bet. Bets are okay for Champions, but no one else.” Zeke lied and didn’t expand much more, but he never had to. “I can't lose it.” He looked at Shari and gestured to the stop sign ahead. She still had not made an attempt for it. “To the stop sign.”
“I. Can. Barely.Walk.” Shari said in sharp, raspy breaths.
“Then do what you can,” Zeke told her as he pointed toward it even firmer. 
Shari hobbled over awkwardly and touched the stop sign. “There. Happy?”
“Being tired is no excuse for being impolite,” Zeke said. “Now, why not take a break with running?”
“Finally,” Shari sunk to the ground.
“Push-ups.” Zeke got down next to her. “How about twenty to start? Then forty?”
Shari looked at him with disbelief but got down on the ground and tried to do a pushup. It had probably been years since she had even bothered with a pushup. Everyone gathered around to watch Shari struggle to achieve one. Getting her to do ten let alone twenty would be as easy as making a pig sing.
“Zeke,” Rebecca said as she tapped on his shoulder. “You’ve always warned us about the dangers of over exercising.” She pointed at Shari. “That is over exercising. I know we aren’t supposed to question, but are you sure about this? Can't we all play instead?”
Zeke stood back up. “Shari must exercise right now, or she’ll die. In fact, she’s going to have to exercise without a break until seven tomorrow.”
“Seven tomorrow?” Shari dropped to the ground in the middle of her second sit-up. “I can’t stop exercising until seven in the afternoon tomorrow?”
“No, don’t be silly.” Zeke laughed. “Seven is night time, when you go to bed.”
“She has to exercise two whole days?” Simps had to ask. It didn’t even look as if she could exercise a whole minute more.
“It’s not cruelty.” Zeke pulled Shari back up.  “We will try to take it a bit easier on the exercise, but we’ll have to pick up the pace soon again,” Zeke told her as he realized she could not speak. Her throat must have become so hoarse that she couldn’t utter anything anymore. He looked over at Rebecca. “Rebecca, could you get her some water?” Once Rebecca returned, everyone watched the unladylike way Shari finished off the whole glass of water. They could have sworn with the sheer primitiveness that she had been trapped in the desert for two days. “Could you please go and get some more?” Zeke asked Rebecca as he jiggled the glass. “Bring two glasses of water this time.”
Rebecca nodded and ran quickly to the house and back, fulfilling the task. Shari took one of the glasses and tried to woof it down again, but Zeke took it away. “No, that’s not good for you to drink that fast.” Zeke placed one of the glasses on the ground. “Every ten pushups, you can have a quarter to drink.” For once, no one stared at Zeke with admiration.  
“Ummm…I think I want to play somewhere else today.” Simps decided.
“Yeah, yeah.” Gregory agreed as he backed up.
“We’re gonna go, Zeke.” Rebecca pointed behind them. “We’ll play somewhere else for awhile.”
Zeke nodded. “I will see you around.” He didn’t blame them; it wasn’t easy to watch Shari suffer through the abuse. He didn’t wish anything upon her, but it was part of the process. With the conditions Timothy set on him, there wasn’t any other choice. “Come on, five more and you can have more water, Shari.”
“Shari…Kari…” Shari finally spoke, although it was extremely coarse. “Don’t. Call. Me. Shari.”
Zeke couldn’t smile much. “Shari Kari. Five more and you can have more water.” Poor girl, but he knew that this would not be her most difficult time. No, she hadn’t experienced anything yet.

Zeke looked at his watch as he stopped skipping down the road with Shari. Seven O' eight glowed back at him. He had done some gentle exercises like skipping, waving arms, and tapping feet, so she would have a short break before the horror of the night. He stopped below his tower and ran to the right side; there was no time for stairs. He grabbed the ladder hanging from his tower and gestured toward Shari. As she grabbed on, Zeke climbed up.  As he got into his tower, he quickly apples and an orange as Shari finished climbing up. He went over to her and handed her them. “Snack.” Shari took the apple out of the group, with a definite grudge. Zeke went over to the front of his tower and looked out, watching his new visitor arrive. His night was now over, but hers was only beginning.

Shari couldn’t help but wonder what was next. Zeke always went to bed at seven, everyone knew that, but he had said she would not be able to go to sleep tonight. What was he going to do? And why did he drag her to his tower?
Zeke looked back at her with no readable expression. “I go to bed in one hour, but tonight you can’t.” He reminded her. “I know someone that is going to keep your training up for the night until I wake up and come get you.”
“Extra help? Who?” Shari asked They had never discussed that.
“Someone I knew in my past,” Zeke insisted. “It'll be fine; he understands that you mustn’t stop. He sleeps days and works nights, but he’ll take the night off to take care of you. He’s quite good at exercise and keeping people on their toes.” Zeke smiled awkwardly. “He might not be as easy as me, but you'll be okay.”
“Ten hut!” A man in a military uniform came from the stairs and appeared in front of both of them. “Ah, so this is the recruit.”
Oh my god, I'm so dead, Shari thought as she looked at the man. He had a white tough beard that looked like a steel wool pad, and beady brown eyes that believed her to be prey. 
“He’s retired, but the Sergeant is still quick.” Zeke shook the man’s hand. “Take care of her and don’t let her sleep whatever you do. She has ten pieces of fruits and vegetables, make sure she eats no more than one an hour, she has to keep her strength up but must learn to endure.” He nodded at Shari. “I’ll see you tomorrow. Good luck.”

Shari watched as Zeke  went over to his bed, neglecting her as if she no longer existed. What level of hell had she been dropped in? “Can’t we talk about this?”
"Ten hut maggot!” The man in uniform demanded. “Down the stairs!” Shari marched down the stairs, the Sergeant calling out to her from behind.  By the time she reached the bottom, she had collapsed on the ground. Not being allowed to eat much all day, and its juiciness would help her situation. Not as much as a rich chocolate cookie but it’d work. “Not yet!” The Sergeant took her pear. “You will give me all your food. I will distribute these out when you need them, and not a minute before. Now, head to the car.” Shari marched to the car in front of the tower and was about to get in when she was stopped.
“I drive, you run.” The Sergeant informed her.
I hate him, Shari thought as she ran beside the car. She genuinely hated Zeke. Shari continued to run as the car picked up a faster speed. She continued to run, using the adrenaline of hatred to keep her fueled. Man, how she hated that guy!

Zeke got up and after breakfast, quickly got dressed and headed on his way to the former Sergeant Charles’ house. It was a long distance, but no one else could keep Shari exercising through the night like him. After he reached his home, he looked around for the two. “Sergeant Charles?”
Sergeant Charles appeared around the corner of his house. “Ah, Zeke. Your soldier is down there.” Sergeant Charles pointed behind himself. “I have her running on one of my old obstacle courses.”
“Oh good,” Zeke nodded. “Well, I’m here to pick her up. How'd she do?”
“She was slow,” Sergeant Charles complained. "Too slow, I've never seen any soldier as slow as her."
“Slow or not, she has to keep it up.” Zeke proceeded to go down the hill behind Sergeant Charles’ house. “Shari,” Zeke shouted for her, but Shari did not answer back. As Zeke continued downhill, she had been jumping through tires. “Shari, let’s go.”
“I told you, you bastard, you call me Shari Kari from now on.” She added coldly as she hopped over to him. “Paladin.”
Zeke was stunned with her words. Cussing? Very aggressive cussing too. “There is no need to use such an extremely vulgar term.” He didn’t bother correcting her on ‘Paladin’ anymore, she knew what he preferred by now. “Hard night I assume?”
Shari’s lip twitched up putting a couple wrinkles in her top cheek. “I will take great delight a month from now when I can share a chocolate roll with your lazy ass.”
“No sleep is affecting your attitude,” Zeke brushed her comments off. “Please stop the vulgarity, now come on, Shari Kari, let’s go back to Lost Secret.”
“Make me.” Shari growled.
“Shari.”
“Shari Kari, Hippie.”
“Shari Kari,” Zeke corrected himself. “Today will be easier for you, you’ll see.” He looked at the obstacle course. “You’ve been doing some harder exercises for awhile. Let’s try skipping for a bit.”
“Harder? I’ve been doing harder exercises?” Shari muttered. “What you made me do was a cakewalk to what I’ve been doing.” Shari kerplunked to the ground, “I want Timothy.” She held her shoulders tight to keep out the cold. “He never treated me like shit.”
Zeke didn’t know what to say. He knew it was hard, but he couldn’t be soft. He ignored his inclination to correct her language again; she was an outsider and tired. “You can go see Timothy, okay? Just stay there and I will have a small talk with Sergeant Charles.”

A prisoner feeling freedom for the first time. That’s what it must have looked like to Rebecca, Gregory, Pat and Simps as they watched Shari scramble out of the car, almost falling in her haste and wearisome condition, being helped by Zeke, shoving his efforts away and continuing to run at high speed towards the most unliked guy in Lost Secret.
Timothy Varmen.
“Timothy,” Shari yelled as she literally jumped into the comfort of his arms with tears streaming down her face.
“Shari?” Timothy’s happy grin at seeing her faded quickly as he looked at the condition she was in. No doubt he saw that her legs were bruised, her face was scratched, and her eyes were red from both exhaustion and tears. “Shari? What happened,” Timothy demanded as he switched his attention to Zeke, "and where was she last night? I’ve been worried.”
“I could not let her sleep, rest can be fatal at this early stage,” Zeke explained. “She must continue to exercise until seven tonight.” Zeke looked over at Shari, wishing he didn’t have to say what he had. He probably seemed like a totally exercising jerk. What he wouldn’t give to teach her the way he wanted too.  “I’m afraid you can’t stay in one place like that for long, Shari Kari. You have to keep exercising.” He held out an orange to her. “You can have two if you want, since you think you had a hard night last night.”
“You can never make up for last night,” Shari said, her voice icy cold as she penetrated his eyes straight on.
Zeke took a deep breath, finding resolve in himself.  There was no turning back, even though it was hard. He had to get her off of those pills for good, and he had to play by the rules.“This is enough downtime, you need to start exercising. Twenty push-ups.”
“I hate you,” Shari screamed at him, gathering a small crowd in her wake.
“Hate me all you want, twenty push-ups.” Zeke repeated as he turned his attention to Timothy. “If you are sticking around Timmers, I suggest you get on the ground and follow her lead,” Zeke all but demanded. “This is not a spectator sport.” Timothy backed away, as did the kids. Twenty pushups weren’t exactly their idea of fun either he supposed.


Chapter 7: Adventurer Wannabe

 “So, Adventurer wannabe,” Shari asked as she jogged next to Zeke. “Which would you rather have? Some vanilla ice cream cake with sprinkles, nuts, syrup, cookie crumbles and a cherry with me? Or a massive cake with extra sugar and frosting with Timothy? I am positive he would be pleased to accommodate your fat ass when you lose.”
Zeke looked away. Shari’s attitude was changing dramatically, but what did he expect of almost two days with no sleep and continuous exercise? “You will thank me before the month is over, Shari Kari.”
“Let me think about that for a moment.” Shari turned the corner slower, definitely drained of energy by now. “Yes, I probably will thank you. Timothy and I will have another person to hang out with, could be fun. He’ll have to get a bigger couch, fit for three. I'll make sure we have plenty of frozen fish sticks too.”
“You’re bad attitude will improve,” Zeke answered her back. “It’s getting a lot closer for you to sleep. “
“Rest I will, and so will you in a month,” Shari muttered. “I will be tickled with pleasure as I watch you yell at the kids for the first time. Timothy and I will laugh with glee as we see the look on their faces from the Hippie Paladin turned into a lazy ass.”
Ignore, ignore, ignore.
“I can’t believe you took this stupid bet,” Shari yelled, “it’s like a mouse betting another mouse that they won’t get chased by a cat if they wag their butt in front of one. It’s like making sure peanut butter and jelly don’t touch on a sandwich. Why even waste the month, I am telling you right now, Paladin, that I am going back on those pills.”
Ignore, ignore, ignore.
“You know, I originally didn’t give a damn whether you actually stopped taking those pills. I only wanted to see if you honestly cared enough about your dumb cause to put yourself on the line,” Shari continued. “Yes, after you lost, I was going to convince Timothy to forget the bet, but no more. By the end of the month, you’ll be picking up your own prescription in Lost Secret’s pharmacy.”
Ignore, ignore, ignore. It’s all Zeke could do. Shari bugged him constantly, her way of getting out her frustration. Zeke understood her anger, but it didn’t make it any easier. He watched the time constantly, also eager for her to get some rest.

Zeke ran beneath his tower with delight as he checked his watch again. Six forty eight. He didn’t even bother climbing the stairs again, going instead for his ladder. “Come on, Shari Kari.”
“There is no way I am sleeping in your little tower,” Shari complained, “like it or not, I want to sleep at Timothy’s.”
“Don’t worry, I don’t want you sleeping here either. I’m getting you a few snacks, so you don’t go to bed hungry. Or do you want to go hungry?” Even Zeke’s role modeled behavior was running thin at that point. As they climbed in, Zeke pointed to the floor. “Sit down cross legged and take deep breaths, Shari Kari. With so much exercise, your body should not just hit a bed.”
"What should my body hit then?" Shari turned her hands into fists. “I can think of something I’d really like to hit.”
“Just relax and take deep breaths.” Thank goodness the nightmare of the day was almost over. Zeke moved over to the right toward his kitchen and grabbed a couple of tomatoes and a cucumber. He chopped them up and offered them to her on a plate. “Slow down or you’ll choke.”
“Slow down or you’ll choke,” Shari mocked him as she finished her meal. “Mister Vegetarian."
“I am not a vegetarian, but I don’t eat a ton of meat,” Zeke corrected her. “You should eat more fruits and vegetables now, too much protein is still dangerous right-“
“Knock it off or I will throw you out your own window,” Shari threatened him. “I am not one of the mindless brains around this town. I don’t need an afterschool special person like you. Tree hugger. Go jump into an ocean and save a whale somewhere.”
“Fine," Zeke couldn’t take anymore. "Just eat and then we are going straight to Timothy’s.”

As promised as soon as she ate, Zeke got her to Timothy’s front door. Let him take care of her all night long if he wanted. He didn’t care what particular things boyfriend and girlfriends did, or how enjoyable it must have felt, it could not be worth putting up with her attitude. How could Timothy stand her? “I will get you at sunrise tomorrow. First, before you can go to sleep, I must examine the bed you are going to sleep on.” He knocked on Timothy's front door.
“You came?” Timothy smiled at Shari as he answered, but he changed direction and glared at Zeke. “What do you want?”
“To examine her bed. It should have a fair amount of support but not be too comfortable,” Zeke explained in his usual manner. He tried to hide his giddiness at his soon to be break away from her.
“Yes, Timothy, he has come all this way for the only purpose of checking where I sleep.” Shari put her hands on the back of Zeke’s shoulders and pushed him into Timothy’s arms. “What do you think, Paladin? Too comfy or too hard?” Zeke and Timothy quickly backed up from each other.
 “You could have told me that you slept in his arms,” Zeke complained as he wiped his shirt. Timmer stains. Was that chocolate that got rubbed off on his shirt?  Nice, now he had poison on his favorite shirt. “What do you sleep in, Timothy.” It was a demand, not a request, he wasn't in a good mood.
“I sleep in my recliner, sometimes my pull-out couch,” Timothy admitted. “So?”
Zeke’s lip curled up at an odd angle, and he cocked an eyebrow at Shari. “You've had no sleep for forty eight hours, and you choose to sleep in Timothy’s arms?” He sighed as if trying to explain mathematics to a two year old. “Isn’t there a bed somewhere?” Zeke looked over at Shari. Great buddies or not, he couldn’t stand to see the poor girl get inadequate sleep after everything she’d been through. “A bed is really for the best.” Maybe he could look around for an extra cot somewhere.
“I’d rather sleep on a rock, in the middle of a busy city street than even take a nap in your tower,” Shari said as she poked him in the chest again.
Okay, that was it. “Fine, sleep on a couch. It’s your sleep time girl, do what you will.” He had planned on telling her to take a shower too, but forget it. He’d see to it that she got washed tomorrow.  “I will be back at sunrise, tomorrow, Shari Kari.” Zeke stuck his finger in Timothy’s face. “She better be up and ready to go at sunrise, right here, or I will come inside and drag both of you out.”
“Wow. I’ve never seen Hippie like that before,” Timothy had to say as Zeke walked off. “Usually he’s more laid back. In fact, I don’t think I’ve even made him that mad.”


Chapter 8: Hit

“Oh, Timothy.” Shari pulled him closer into an embrace. After two days of nonstop exercise and listening to both of those drilling assholes, she needed some physical comfort. “I want to forget about him and go to sleep. Can we? I am so tired.”
Timothy nodded and held her a few minutes. Shari closed her eyes, grateful for his touch. There had been no human touch, and no real compassion for two days straight. She was tired though, so tired. Timothy helped her down toward his guest bedroom, where she actually slept in a silk mattress with silk cotton covers. “Shari?” he called out to her. "Do you want to talk about it?"
“It was hell, Timothy,” Shari spoke from her bed. “If I had a choice, I would never see that tree hugging tie dye wearing drum circle Woodstock fucking bastard again. I swear, with all my might, he is going to lose this bet. Lost Secret will be ours, and we’ll turn it back into the town it should rightfully be. We’ll get all these kids proper homes, and it’s just the beginning. We’ll get people together, start organizations against the forming of towns like this where the rich drop children off like luggage and forget them.” She covered up tighter.“ That piece of shit. We’ll get him hooked on extra fatty foods, so he gets chunky and depressed. I hate him so much…” Her eyes drifted closed. “I hate him so much."
“Well,” Timothy answered, “look on the bright side. At least you’re not carrying your cane.”
“My cane,” Shari slurred, her body succumbing to the bed quite rapidly. Her body had been weaker on the pills, and sometimes her legs gave out. She was dead tired, but she did have the strength in her legs. Besides, falling wasn't the worst thing that could happen anymore. "Guess it's nice not needing it."
“Shari?” Timothy asked as Shari stopped talking, her eyelids falling again. “Do you want to quit? I want Lost Secret back to its early roots more than anyone else, but there are other ways.”
“No,” Shari slurred as she barely opened her eye. “I made the choice, and I’ll follow through. Otherwise, this whole experience was…for…nothin’…”


Shari didn’t know how long she had been asleep when she felt Timothy pulling on her. “How can you sleep through your phone’s annoying rings?” He shoved the phone in her hand. “You should take it; it’s your sister’s number.”
“Tracy?” No matter how tired she was, Shari didn’t have much choice in the matter. She looked at the time on the phone. Ten O' Clock. It must be important. She dialed three, her programmed number for her sisters cell and held it up to her ear as Timothy left. She tried to keep her eyes open as she heard the phone pick up. “Tracy?”
“Oh god, Shari, I have been trying to get a hold of you,” Tracy insisted through the phone, “I know more about the hit now.”
“What?” Shari sat up in her bed, “what can you tell me?” Finally, an answer to her question. 
“Revenge, plain and simple. I swear, I can’t believe your ex could be such a bastard.” Tracy’s voice was bitter, and Shari’s would join her.
“Are you kidding? It’s my ex? But I broke up with him that day.” Shari covered her eyes. “I know he’s got money Tracy, but…he wouldn’t put a hit on me. That’s ludicrous; whoever told you that is-”
“Shari. Look, he told me himself,” Tracy’s voice broke into her conversation. “Shari, he doesn’t like to lose. You know that much.”
“It can’t be.” Shari pulled the phone away from her ear and licked her bottom lip, trying to imagine it. She put the phone back up to her ear. “I can’t believe…a hit?”
“Yeah, I'm sorry.” Tracy stalled. “He’s paying people ten thousand dollars to get you.”
“Oh my god, are you kidding?” Shari mouthed the word fuck in disbelief. “He’s so obsessed that he’s actually doing this? Oh of course he is,” she rolled her eyes, “he’s never cared about anything else but himself. What an asshole. So this really is a hit, I have bounty hunters after me to bring me in.”
“Shari, shut up a second, okay? I’m trying to tell you, it’s not that simple.” Tracy groaned. “He’s paying people to get you. Get you. As in sex, Shari. You know, 'hit' you up? He doesn’t believe in an unclassified allergy, and since he never got you, and he never had the opportunity to say he could get you, he feels left out. If he lies to his friends now and says yes, it'll make his family look embarrassed if anyone finds out he lied. I shit you not, those were his moronic words.  If someone can prove they got you, then you become a liar, and he looks right in Calibri again.”
“This…this, no-” Shari shook her head. “Are you telling me that people are coming to seduce me, to try and…and 'hit' me up? For reputation, for family?” Her mouth dropped, eyes glaring at her pillow. Tracy only gave her the barest details when they met through her. With the words 'family reputation', there was only one family he was a part of. If Tracy had been there right then, things could have been brutal between them. "Family. You're a bitch, Tracy, he's a Delorean?!"
“Yes, I know. Sorry. Oh and they have to videotape it also,” Tracy insisted, “he won’t pay for lying or rape.”
“Oh god, well isn’t he a fucking saint,” Shari yelled as she stood straight up out of bed. “That damn son of a bitch, Tracy, how could you set me up with someone like that? This is unstable, this is entirely mental.”
“It’s me, do I have the best taste in guys?” Tracy said in her defense. 
"Are you sure that's it?" Shari asked again. Her sister was not always on the up and up. She could sense there was something beneath simple revenge. No matter how much money the Delorean family had, she wasn't worth that much. "Tracy, if I find out you did anything else-"
“I’m warning you, that’s all," Tracy insisted. "If anyone ever seems to start liking you right away and they’re new in town, please stay away. Okay?”
“Oh this can’t be.” Shari closed her eyes.  The town was nothing but a giant safe playpen and she would be bringing in people looking to score for ten thousand dollars? “D-did you tell anyone at all where I’m at? Tracy, I can’t bring this into the town. You’ve never lived here; it’s like getting caught in the land of childhood.”
“No one knows about you, Shari,” Tracy said, bringing her some relief. “There's another bounty to bring you back to the family. It’s ten thousand dollars too.”
Shari blinked. “He’s paying ten thousand for someone to have sex with me and his family just wants me back? He has no decision on theirs?”
“Maybe he does, how should I know? Anyhow, don’t worry, I’ve got your back. I haven’t even told my best girlfriends about where you are, everything’s okay. I wanted to make sure you knew. I don’t want you to leave, you're safe there for the time being. I don't even think a secret identity in Calibri could have lasted. Just keep up your pills and don’t make any significant waves in the community. I believe there is actually a Champion Paladin there. Stay far away from him if you can. If he finds out about what you might bring, you’re going to get kicked out. Once this disappears, you can return to Calibri. Elon can’t hold a grudge forever. He’ll eventually find another girlfriend, and this’ll blow over. It’s another case of a chauvinistic pig who’s beyond angry who has too much money to burn.”
The hit had better been it all, but Shari still doubted it. Her sister wasn't going to be easy to get the truth out of though. “Thanks for the heads up,” Shari announced. “I’ll keep up on those pills.” Lie. “I won’t make any big waves.” Another lie. “And I’ll do what I can to stay out of the Paladin’s way.” The biggest lie of all.
“I know you will,” Tracy chuckled, “Night, Shari.”
“Night.” Shari hung up the phone and looked behind her.  Timothy must have been sleeping heavy which was a good thing. Telling him that guys would be after her for sex, so they could collect ten thousand dollars, probably wouldn’t sit well with him. She giggled. Wait, did he even know what sex was? Well, it didn’t matter. Once she could safely go back to the pills, it wouldn’t be an issue anymore. “This town is so cute.” She bit her lip. “I bet Zeke would scream if I said the word fuck in front of him.” She jiggled her phone a few moments then set it back down. One of these days, she might do it. Just to see what he would do. Would he grab his medallion and wiggle it, trying to think about what she said? Would he stomp his foot? Would he yell? She chuckled, almost devil-like as she laid back in bed.
Surely he’s heard it. He had outsider kids there all the time, and they had to know typical language. In fact, that was interesting. Why didn’t the outside clash with the little town? She’d have to be sure to ask Timothy that one. Not until tomorrow though. It was time to get some sleep before the devil came back to torment her again at sunrise.


Chapter 9: Pervert

“Sleeping?”
Shari opened her eyes, feeling as if she had only gotten a bit of sleep. She had hit the bed so fast last night she hadn’t even bothered changing. Sticky sweat was felt all over her bedding, and she felt grody. She should have taken a shower last night, but there was no way she could stop long enough to take a shower either, not until that night. She looked up and saw Zeke standing beside her. Oh yeah, that’s why she woke up. “It can’t be time.”
“It is.” Zeke didn’t seem too happy as he tugged at her bedding. “That’s not Timothy’s arms. You lied.” 
“Half lie, sometimes I do sleep there.” Shari pulled herself up, feeling more energetic than last night. She looked around for Timothy knowing the Paladin could have taken out frustrations on him. “Where’s Timothy?”
“I got him first,” Zeke all but smiled. “He’s outside, doing jumping jacks.”
“He's doing jumping jacks?” Shari quickly got up and burst outside to see her poor boyfriend being forced to exercise against his will. He was not much more athletic than her, which is another reason they went so well together. She felt like smacking Zeke as she saw Timothy, barely managing some jumping jacks. He was sweaty and out of breath, as if he had run a marathon. “You can stop.” Timothy stopped and placed his hand on his chest. He was certainly not used to exercise, Shari knew that. Anyone looking at his physique knew that, but oh no, the devil had to strike a mighty blow against her innocent asthmatic man. 
“Remember next time,” Zeke said as he came up behind Shari. “Sunrise, no later.”
Timothy mumbled as he went back over to his door, he'd be reaching for his inhaler no doubt. “When will you be back?” He questioned Shari. 
“Seven.” Zeke answered for her before she could speak. “Now, hop to it, Shari Kari. Let’s start the day with a brisk run and breakfast in hand. It's the most important meal of the day, and you should never forget it.” He tossed a peeled avocado to her. “Let’s go.”
Shari groaned lightly but knew the day was only beginning. She looked at the peeled avocado that was oozing green in her hand. Couldn't even take time to give it to her fresh and let her cut? And an avocado for breakfast, really? Ugh, this would be another gruelling day.


“Run, run, run.” Shari grumbled. At least today she knew how to pace herself better. She watched Rebecca meet her on the side. The child was much better at running than her which made her feel even worse. Maybe she'd leave soon, Shari wasn't in the mood for polite conversation after Zeke's stunt with Timothy.
“Hi Shari,” Rebecca waved at her in a purple one-piece swimming suit. “I wanted to let you know ahead of time. We’re sorry, but it's got to be done, Zeke says so.”
“What?” Shari asked, but Rebecca didn’t answer as she ran ahead of her. Shari wondered what she meant a moment longer then rounded the corner and tumbled into a pool. How she managed to keep her language under control from the surprise, was beyond her. Zeke shouted 'now' and Rebecca plus another permie she had met a few times added soap and jumped in with her. The words in her mind went blank as the girls washed her up, as if they were giving her a shower. Was it a weird game or something else? 
“You’ve been exercising for two days without a shower, so you smell pretty ripe,” Zeke chuckled like a gleeful devil. “That adrenaline rushing through you will allow you to stop exercising. You’ve got two minutes to clean up with soap before you need to get out and run again.”
“You’re a jerk,” Shari yelled at him as she quickly grabbed the soap. Oh, if there weren't kids around she'd have a few more choice words for that smiling perverted bastard. A shower, a shower in a pool in the middle of the fucking town. “You should have reminded me last night!”
“You could have told me where you were really going to sleep,” Zeke countered her as he placed a hand on the corner fence to show off his dominance over her no doubt. “We both forgot I guess. One more minute. Rebecca, Tina, keep scrubbing well. She doesn’t have long.” The satanic exerciser stared at his watch and began a countdown.“Three, two, one, everybody out. You too, Shari Kari.”
Shari got out of the pool, one foot at a time. 
 

Zeke stopped smiling and took his hand off the corner. Oops. Okay, so even a Champion made mistakes? 
Shari's blue blouse clung to her skin like a wet suit, every move bringing more attention to the fact that she was a woman in cold water. She shook her head back and forth, trying to get the water out, and glared at Zeke with passionate anger. Pat, Simps and Gregory all stared at the wet-haired water logged and angry Shari. They couldn’t look away. Zeke tried to divert his eyes too, but it was incredible what a little dip could do to a grown woman. 
“I feel funny right now,” Benji said from behind Zeke. Zeke turned around and saw a large bulge in Benji's pants. "That's weird, I thought that only happened around Anne when we played leap frog."
"Benji. Ooh, dang, darn it." Zeke turned his face toward Shari again. The delicates tendrils of brunette drifted down the side of her face, wild and wet as the water dripped down onto her drenched skin. A wet goddess, who had such features he'd never seen before, including the perks on the front of her- “Nothing to see here, everyone.” Zeke said quickly knowing he had to kill those thoughts. Those weren't Lost Secret thoughts. He turned his attention elsewhere and went over to the group of young boys, guarding them from a view they shouldn't have ever seen. "That's nothing you saw, let's not mention it ever again. It's not allowed in Lost Secret." He went over and touched Benji's shoulder, "You should no longer play leap frog with Anne." He had looked back, awkwardly, at Shari for a moment before he looked forward again. “Shari Kari, you’ve taken too much time, run along.” He tried to disguise the fact that his voice squeaked higher by adding a cough. As she crossed her arms over her chest and ran away, Zeke made sure everyone stayed there and then quickly caught up to her. Apparently the girl could move faster with a little adrenaline boost. 
Zeke took a deep breath. Okay, she was not going to be happy, he knew that. What was he supposed to say? He hadn’t thought clearly about her age and the effects of water on a thin blouse. “You at least smell better.” He was awarded with a shriek of pervert his way. “You’ll dry quickly, keep running." Well, she had to take a bath somehow. He couldn’t spend two days smelling her, not after all the exercise she would have to go through again.
“Yes, I’ll keep running while my shapely body sticks out like a sore thumb for everyone down the street to stare at." She crossed her arms in front of her, since her little blue blouse left nothing to the imagination. "I am practically streaking you son of a bitch!” 
"Watch your language," Zeke warned her, “and it’s not that serious. Not as terrible as you think, it’s-uhh-your shirt is kind of see through, and you've got 'peaks', that's all.”
“Yeah, nice for noticing pervert.” Her voice was raspy and dark, full of anger.
“That’s not very nice.” Zeke ran backwards beside her. Now that the adrenaline had run out, Shari ran slower than even the youngest of residents again. “I didn’t think clearly about the water.”
“Let me guess, you've always played in little ol' Lost Secret and never go hang out in wet T-shirt bars?” Shari questioned as she glared at him. “Even a fifth grader would know better. Perverted Paladin."
 Zeke felt disappointed in himself. Why didn’t he think clearly? Now he had to run beside Shari Kari, soaked and exposed for all the innocents of Lost Secret to see. He ignored the questioning looks of a resident as they actually came out of their house. Oh no, that person came from Tina’s house? Oh yes, what a memorable day he would do his best to forget. “I’m sorry about the pool. I genuinely am sorry, I just don't think the same as most people from your city.”
“Or from the planet,” Shari provoked him. “I don't know any guys that act like afterschool television specials one minute, then hang out with their streaking prisoner the next.”
“I'm not an afterschool special," Zeke couldn't let that go again. "I care about how Lost Secret acts, but that doesn't mean I'm some random afterschool special. There is hardly anyone here who willingly teaches between right and wrong, and if I don't do it, who will? Timothy Varmen? Please." He looked away. "There are only a couple original ones left," his voice trailed off.
"Maybe you're right," Shari stole a glance at him, "afterschool TV specials don't dress or act like tree hugging hippies."
That stopped Zeke in his tracks, which stopped her. He took off his shades and took a step forward to her "I am not a hippie, and I am getting tired of that word. I dress, think and act the way I want." He pointed her. "You should not judge people that-"
"Oh here we go again. The captain of the planet deciding all that is bad and good, what are you going to say? Huh?" Shari continued to prod him like a bull. "I shouldn't judge people by the clothes they wear? Don't worry, I don't. Besides, looking at you the first time I thought you were a rebellious pot-smoking free spirit. Now I know you're a pot-smoking devil in tie dye clothing."
"My day is just beginning; do you already have to start with me?" Zeke grabbed his head. No, no, he had to rise above it. She was practically naked in the street and angry. He had to think about the situation and resolve it before it got worse.  “Okay, let's start over.” Zeke put his shades back on. “Shari Kari, I’m sorry about the pool, again, okay? When we are close to your house we will stop, and you can get another shirt. Yes, I should have warned you last night too, but you drove me crazy.”
“I drove you crazy? You’re the one running me ragged all the time,” Shari countered him.
Zeke ran backwards causing Shari to run again. “I wasn’t thinking.” He tried again. “Lost Secret is a small place, there’s nothing immoral about it at all. It’s about playing and having fun.” He did a cartwheel to emphasize his point then came round to running backwards next to her again. He winked and pushed his shades up. "Sometimes things I learned in the re-teaching program are forgotten."


“Yes, already, I get it,” Shari succumbed. She didn't want to, and had it been any other man on the planet she would have found a way to have him hurt. Someone Tracy knew could have taken him out. As she watched him, she couldn't help but remember where she was and who he had been. He was still one of the child-like adults, even though he was better informed. Like Timothy, he could not change who he was. Plus, that wink and move she couldn't help but appreciate. “You’re an idiot and you didn’t think things through. I can’t believe you and Timothy are so alike.”
“What?” Zeke's face scrunched up. “What do I possibly have in common with Timmers Varmint?”
“You’re both like giant kids.” Shari said. “Except Timothy’s like a sweet kid who tries to act like an adult.” She chuckled in amusement, then looked over at Zeke. “You’re a mean, spoiled kid who thinks everyone should do everything your way.”
“Spoiled?” Zeke crossed his arms, like a boy getting his sucker stolen for being bad. “Timothy Varmen is constantly trying to change this town and its residents. That’s spoiled.”
“Stalking someone because they didn’t choose to follow the same path is even more spoiled,” Shari disagreed. “Honestly, what does anybody see in you?”
Zeke stopped. “Twenty push-ups.”
“In a wet shirt still?” Shari scoffed. “Pervert.”
“We can't stop for long even if you are wet, you need a little break from your running, but we aren't at your house yet. No one's around.” Zeke said in confidence. His arms were still crossed, and Shari figured it was revenge for what she said. Well, he deserved it.
“You are around." Shari pointed at him. He demanded twenty again and told her to stop stalling. Shari had no choice but to listen as she dropped to the ground and did twenty pushups side by side with the perverted Paladin.
“This isn’t fair, no sleep again?” Shari whined as they approached Zeke's tower. Maybe it did sound childish to whine but if any sane person went through what she did, they'd be doing the same thing. “You promised Timothy-"
“Seven. I didn’t specify which day.” The Paladin gave her that same smuggish bastard smile he loved to use. “Don’t worry, I called him. He knows now.”
“You’re going to send me back to the jerk, aren’t you?” Shari she crossed her arms. "Some role model you are, you deceived me."
“Sergeant Charles did well for you,” The Paladin smiled with fiendish delight hiding in his eyes. He enjoyed seeing her suffer, she knew it. “You’ll have as much fun as the first time.”
Shari didn’t reply as she turned away. “Fine, I should enjoy the fact that I’m not around you, Paladin.” She put her hand up to him, he wouldn't trick her this time.  “Don’t even waste your breath.” Shari stopped by the Sergeants car. Zeke wouldn't be able to lure her up and make her run down this time. 
“Unacceptable.” The Sergeant growled at Zeke as he looked over in his car. "I didn't tell her to do that. She's supposed to start at the top of the tower."
“Yes, she’s getting to be a rebel,” She overheard the Paladin before they took off to talk in private. Whatever, any minute alone from both those overbearing bastards was worth it. When the Sergeant came back, he had a different look in his eyes. Almost as if the Paladin had challenged him. Oh shit.


“I...need...water!” Shari cried out as she tried to run the course as fast as she could. Her strength had decreased since she began training with the Sergeant four hours ago, and she was running on nothing but pure adrenaline. She couldn’t keep it forever. Didn’t Zeke give him anything to give to her like last time? It wasn’t fair, and her body felt so sore and weak. “Please, a little water.”
“You haven’t earned any water,” The Sergeant growled as he ran next to her. “You’re two minutes under the mark, you're still as slow as a snail, work harder.”
"I...need...water." Shari wheezed, trying to continue to run through the tires, but she could barely manage to get her feet through them. She was going on hours without food or water. This wasn’t right. Her condition had a balance for eating. She didn't understand it, but knew she was in trouble. If she didn’t figure out how to pick up speed, she would never get a drop. Her muscles ached, her head hurt, every bone in her body felt ready to snap, but she pushed herself harder. She had to earn water. That man must have been senile, no human could keep running without sustenance.
What she wouldn’t give to taste the sweet juiciness hiding inside a pear right now. Her throat was so dry that the liquid from a pear would feel so good as it dribbled down her throat and chin. The comfort of it would be unmatched to anything else right now. All she could do to keep moving was imagine the image of it ahead of her. After awhile, she started to see pears, tomatoes, plums, and already sliced fresh orange and avocado pieces floating ahead of her. She gave chase, but they stayed one step ahead all the time. 
Shari hit the ground with a mighty blow as she climbed over a wooden wall. She stared at the wall, no longer moving a muscle. She heard the Sergeant rant at her again, but it was no use anymore. Her muscles had seized up and her will was diminishing rapidly.
Timothy. A small tear fell down her left cheek as she stared at the wall. She tried so hard to control her illness, but it was no use. It would prevail in the end. The days of sleeping late and laughing happily with her comrade had come to an end for good. She knew now, this time, that there was no chance of living anymore. She didn't fall unconsciously, so no one would realize what terrible danger she was in.  Her throat was too dry to speak, her vision had become blurry, and none of her muscles could move anymore. She glanced to her left as she heard a delightful childlike chuckle in the distance. A little girl in a red dress smiled at her as she skipped away. Kari? She heard another chuckle as a little girl in blue strolled behind laughing with the little girl in red. Herself? 
“Stand up! Are you going to stay on that ground for the rest of your life? Get up and grab that rope!”
Shari could no longer see anything, all the colors of the night blended into one collage. The only thing she could see was her and her sister Kari, laughing as they twirled each other around. She closed her eyes as she felt the cool breeze rushing through her hair. When she opened them, she saw her sister Kari laughing and looking back at her...


5:07.5:08. 5:09. 5:10…
6:10. 7:10. 8:10…

Zeke walked back and forth around Shari over and over again. She had been alive when he sensed her, but barely when he saved her at 5:07. Lucid daydreams enveloped her mind, and then she went unconscious at 5:10. He had done everything he could to help; including placing pureed pomegranate pulp in her mouth to help her in the struggle to survive.
She still had not moved. Her condition did not improve. 
Zeke got beneath her foot and continually tapped it on the ground every few minutes, or he moved her arms up and down. She had to keep moving, even though she was unconscious.  He had not spoken a word to her since he retrieved her that morning and brought her back to his tower. He had wasted no time dawdling with ‘what ifs’ as he had done everything in his power to help her, including fetching his doctor. He reached over and took more of the pureed pomegranate and p; aced more in her mouth with a solemn expression. Still no movement as he felt her pulse again. “Come on Shari, please wake up. You’ve got to wake up. Why are you down like this?” 
He reached out and pushed some of her hair back that had fallen in her tired face. Her face had become paler as the hours had rolled by. This pale and fragile girl was nothing like the girl of this morning. Angry but with such a strong personality. Determination and courage, only words for her. Yet she was so weak then too, but never admitted it. Her words and fury hiding the obvious suffering and injury he was putting her through. Something he didn't want to do. She was a terrific person at heart, even risking everything for little Simps. A smile tugged at his face as he remembered. If only she could stop calling him a Hippie…
Zeke’s doctor stayed on Shari’s other side and felt her pulse. “Zeke, she's been under for far too long. There isn't even sudden jerking from dreaming,” He looked at his watch. “I think you had better call the hospital.”
“They can’t do anything,” Zeke said as he bit his fingernail, “at least we can move her up and down.”
“For how long?” His doctor questioned him. He moved Shari’s arm up and let it hit the bed in an ungraceful fashion. “Are you going to spend the rest of your life doing this? Do you think she would want to live this way? Call the hospital.”
“I have taken precautions,” Zeke stared at her. She had been getting so strong, great at endurance. Shari had been so close. “I gave her plenty of food, water, I balanced everything, and I made sure she moved constantly. I put up with all her bitterness, and I pushed her so far. I did everything I was supposed to.” He felt her pulse again, but there was no change. “There is always a way for the spirit to endure.”
“I warned you.” His doctor put his stethoscope away. “Not everyone has the strength and endurance you did to pull through this stage. Don’t feel guilty, you may have done her a favor. Shari Kari wasn't healthy enough to walk on her own with pills, so she wouldn’t have survived another ten years. Her quality of life would have exponentially decreased each year.”
“Naw,” Zeke shook his head, “she'll be fine. She needs more time, that's all,” he said as he placed more puree in her mouth. “She’ll wake up, and everything will be okay. Just needs a boost” He scratched his cheek. “She will want her pills back, and she’ll never listen to me again.”
“No, no.” The doctor disagreed as he walked to the ladder. “Zeke if, by some miracle, she did wake up, she would not be able to go back to pills for at least two weeks. Her body has withdrawn from them, and giving some to her could cause irreparable damage. Now, I’ve done what I can, but I suggest calling a hospital and giving up.”
“I can’t do that,” Zeke said as he held the spoon of pomegranate pulp. He stared at it as if it were a symbol for her life. “I'm responsible for her, and I'll get her out of this.”
The doctor didn't speak anymore to him as he descended down the stairs.




Chapter 10: Timmers

At ten O' eight, Zeke could do nothing more for Shari Kari. It was a difficult decision, but he would have to give in and call the hospital. He had hoped and believed with all his might that there was a way she could pull through, but he had to face the facts. He couldn’t constantly move her forever. He had to move too, and what life would it be if he spent his days constantly moving an unconscious body? She needed to move more than what he could give. That was no life for her either.
He knew exactly what would happen. After he called, the ambulance would come and fetch her. He would have to wait extra long since it would have to come from the next town over. They would not be able to do anything for her. She could breathe fine and didn't need air, the first thing they would want to try. All her vitals would be appropriate, and they wouldn't understand. When he informed them that she had JNSQ, and needed to be moved continuously, they would do what they could. In the end, the hospital was not equipped to continuously move someone. Within the hour, Shari Kari would die.
The first call he would have to make before the hospital, would be the most difficult. Zeke felt his throat dry up as he dialed a number he had never had to dial for a decade. Timmers used to be a close friend with him years ago. Even though Timmers had many allergies, Zeke went to his house to keep him company and play. As he grew older, Zeke taught him some exercises that wouldn't cause him aggravation and help him stay in shape. He even came by at least once a day to relax and play some board games with him. It wasn't until after Timmers left for the re-teaching program that he came back with a hate for Lost Secret and became bent on changing it. That's when their friendship disappeared and Zeke began calling him Varmint. 
Re-teaching was different for everyone, but for Timmers, Zeke wished that guy had never been retaught. The phone rang twice as he kept thinking. Would Shari's death send Timmers over the edge? He knew many people who'd see that as a blessing, but Timmers was as much a part of Lost Secret as any adult-lifer. On the fourth ring, he heard the phone being picked up on the other side. The hello hadn’t sounded welcoming nor had it sounded horrible. Just confused. “Timmers.” 
"Don't call me that. What are you calling for?" Timmers gruff voice came through the phone.
Zeke closed his eyes briefly. “Timothy Varmen.” He took another deep breath. How could he say it? “Shari Kari is..?” He dropped the phone as he saw a small sign of life. Shari had moved her finger. “Shari?” He quickly grabbed a wet washrag and spread it over her temple as he heard a groan. Zeke removed the washrag and checked her pulse. It wasn't his imagination, it was coming back up. 
Shari moaned and semi-opened one of her eyes. “Water...”
Zeke grabbed some water and helped her drink. “You scared me,” he chuckled in an odd way, feeling an insane amount of relief. "I thought you were a goner.” There was no ‘you wish’, no smart alec remark at all as Shari tried to sit up. “Easy, easy, let me help.” Zeke got behind her and helped her sit up. “What happened?”
“No water,” Shari slurred. “No food, water, exercise but no energy.”
“No water?” Zeke tried his best to decipher her words in her altered state. "I don't understand.”
“No water,” Shari slurred again as Zeke kept her propped up. It wasn't easy, her motion was as controlled as wet spaghetti “Reward, good time. No water, no food, no good time. I danced with Kari, twirly twirl.”
“You’re making no sense.” Zeke tried to comprehend what she was saying, but her mind was still in another place. “The Sergeant didn’t give you any water or food? Are you trying to say that?”
“No water. No food. Reward. I’m not strong enough.” Shari tried to stand up on her own, but failed. “Where’s Kari? Among the reds and blues of the night, we like to skip.”
“Your sister isn't here, she hasn't been here. You're in Lost Secret,” Zeke tried to bring her back to her senses. “What did you mean by rewards?”
“Rewards,” Shari was slowly coming out of it. “Pompous jerk, kept them for rewards.”
“Rewards?” Zeke groaned. The Sergeant must have tried to be tougher. Zeke had talked about her progress right before she left last night with him, and told him to be harder. Gradually, he wanted to build up her endurance. She had been doing better with her skill, whether others could tell or not. She may not have ran as fast as even outsider kids, but she went from never running for years on end and walking with a cane, to becoming a well-to-do jogger. That was a significant improvement from where she had started. Still, there may have been a smudge of hostility that may have been involved with his talk to the Sergeant. “He was tougher. Did you receive any?”
“Not one morsel.” Shari tried to stand up again, this time Zeke helped. “I need to get moving.”
“You scared the Sergeant,” Zeke informed her as she stood up. “To him, you only looked tired. It’s a handy thing I came, or you would be a goner, girl.” Then, the phrase he knew would be coming emerged from her lips.
“I want my pills.” 
“I admit," Zeke said, "that was a close call but-”
“What?” Shari felt her shoulder, must have been sore. “My nearly dying still wasn’t enough to convince you that I'm not like you? I need those pills, and I don’t want to live like this.”
Should he tell her that she would not be able to go back on them for two weeks? This was a bet, something she had control of. To let her know that it was no longer in her control might make it even harder. “I won’t let the Sergeant train you anymore at night. Your night sessions are over; the hardest hump is almost finished. If you quit now, it’s all been for nothing. You don’t get anything out of it.”
“I don’t care anymore,” Shari said raising her other arm toward him. “Give me my pills, I’m done with this. You almost killed me, not the pills, not the Sergeant. You. I’ve been unconscious, I can barely function enough to move, I can’t make it without them. Give them back, get me out of this tower of yours and let me go back to Timothy.”
“I can’t,” Zeke said, “It would all be for nothing. You have to continue this bet.” Yes, her life depended on it now.
“For what?” Shari insisted, wanting an answer. “What? What is worth my life hanging in the balance? You said it yourself, when I’m in trouble, I look tired. How would anyone know whether I’m exhausted or dying, huh? You’re right, we are different. We can’t be pushed the same way, how can you be sure I won’t die next time? On you?”
Zeke was silent a moment. He hadn't wanted to tell anybody, superpowers were for Champion Adventurers, not Champion Paladins. His superpowers weren't even that significant compared to the other one's out there. One more thing to tease him about, but he couldn't hide it. “I know. It's an instinct I have.”
“Over seventy five percent of Adventurers have that sixth sense crap, I don't care." Shari stretched out further toward him. "Pills, Zeke, give. Now.”
“I can’t," Zeke knew he couldn't hide it much longer. Shari wouldn't back down from her decision. “Shari Kari, the truth is, I can't let you go back to your medication for two weeks. According to the doctor, after this close call, going back sooner could cause damage.”
“I can’t go back?” Shari Kari's eyes turned from an angry glare to one of shock and disappointment. “Are you saying to me, I don’t even get a choice in this damn bet anymore? There’s absolutely no backing out?”
“No, you don’t. It’s life staking now,” Zeke admitted. “In two weeks if you don't want to continue, I won't make you, but it goes two ways. So, if you don’t make it, then I-“
“Don’t have to go on the pills. Yeah, I get it.” Shari Kari sank her head in defeat. “Fine, if I quit in two weeks, then happy you, you’re free.”
“Look, I am sorry.” Zeke apologized once again. “I should have explained more clearly to the Sergeant what I meant better, but other than that, I have-“
 “You don’t care a bit about me, you only care about getting me off those pills," Shari interrupted him. "You see me as the female version of Timothy or something, so why are you trying so hard to keep me away from my medication? It wouldn't matter who I was, you don’t want anyone taking that medication. Stop lying.”
Zeke rubbed his head, being cautious to how he answered the question. “I don't see you as a female Timothy.” Strangest words he ever used. “True, we don’t get along the best at times.”
“Ever.”
“Most times,” Zeke reasoned. “That doesn't mean I don’t care about you." He released her back and sat by her side. "By the time it's safe again, you should be ready to continue.”
Shari chuckled oddly three times. “You think so? After all this, how could you possibly think that you asshole?”
Zeke pointed at himself and sighed. He'd skip the lecture on vulgar language, it made no difference to her. “I didn’t start for any deal, I had financial trouble. Credits from the government refused to cover it, and as a kid, I had no insurance. My parents didn't care, didn't actually even know me. I didn't know what to do so I had no choice. I had the Sergeant stay on me twenty four seven, so I could eat and live.”
"You mean you worked with the Sergeant?” Shari gawked at him. 
“Yeah,” Zeke chuckled. “I know he's hard, and maybe senile now, but I told him to be extremely hard on me. It was either learn to live with it or die, and until I learned complete self control and could come into a balance with food, he would push me as far as he could to the limit." He hunched forward to her, his metallic medallion dangling on his necklace. "So you see? I'm not torturing you and you're not alone. This ongoing training won't last. One day, you'll be able to take it easy again, like me.” 
“Well,” Shari said, “I guess you have an idea then.”
“Yes, I do.” Zeke sat back up. “Now, let’s try to get moving again. You’ve been out for some time and your movements been minimal.”
“Minimal? It’s been nonexistent,” Shari corrected him.
“If it was non existent, you wouldn’t be here,” Zeke corrected her instead. "Now let's get up and go for a jog."


Zeke rounded the corner and saw the usual permies. “Hey look, there he is.” Rebecca smiled as she ran over to Zeke. “Hi, Zeke. Where have you been?”
“Just training with a slight delay,” Zeke said. There was no reason to go into details about what happened. He looked around the corner and waited for Shari to come. She was slower today, but it was justified.
Shari appeared on the opposite corner. “Looking for someone?” All the kids and Zeke saw Shari on the other side. “You aren’t getting me into a pool again,” Shari declared as she jogged off.
Zeke chuckled. Well, her memory was fully intact. “I will see you around everybody.” He pointed at Benji. "No leap frog, remember."
“Zeke. When can you play with us again?” Simps had to ask.
“Later Simps, I have responsibilities right now. One day I'll come play with you again.” Zeke said as he ran off again after Shari.
“You did better today, Shari Kari.” Zeke said as he knocked on Timothy’s door. “This time, you have to let me inspect your bed.”
“Fine,” Shari agreed as she saw Timothy pop out from behind the door.  “Hey, look who it is.”
“You came back.” Timothy commented, happy or sad, Shari couldn't tell.
“Yeah, long time no see.” Shari didn’t feel like giving a fantastic phrase either. After all, she had almost died.  “Zeke needs to check my bedding, then I will take a shower and go to bed.”
Timothy stayed silent as he held the door open and let Zeke and Shari into the house. Zeke went to the guest bedroom and checked her bedding. “It’s not essential, but your pillow isn’t right. I'll bring you a different one tomorrow night.”
“You’re positive?” Shari had to ask. “You’re not lying, I can go to bed tomorrow night?”
“I told you, the hardest hump is now over,” Zeke skipped once. “You can go to bed at seven every night. Now shower up and go to sleep, I will see you at sunrise.” Shari nodded and watched Zeke take off. She headed for the shower. Oh, she needed a pillow so badly. 
“Do you only come see me at night?” Timothy couldn’t help but complain through the shower door to her. “Go to sleep, wake up and gone?”
“I’ve told you before, you can see me during the day,” Shari insisted. “If you leave this place. Hey, you might actually catch something noteworthy even.” Like how close she was to death or her nearly streaking. Significant details there.
“You run willy nilly all over the place,” Timothy frowned. “My allergies hate this weather. How could I even find you?”
“I'm dragged all over Lost Secret from sunrise to about seven,” Shari reminded him. She peaked her head out of the shower door. “Stare at your window long enough and you’ll eventually see me. Then, you could jog beside me.”
“Jog?”
“I don’t jog fast,” Shari let a small smile escape. “We could talk and spend some time together again.”
“But...jog?” Timothy scoffed through the door. “I don’t like the sound of that.”
“A single jog, only to spend some time with me? Just to hang out? It'll be easy, I won't let it aggravate you. If it does, we'll speed walk.” Shari reached out her arm toward his shoulder. “Timothy, I feel so alone all the time. No one here understands me. Zeke is starting to, sort of, but he’s not you. I truly want to see you more during the day.” Should she tell him that she was lucky to even be there? Should she explain what Zeke had tried to call for?
“I’ll think about it,” Timothy said as he patted her hand on his shoulder. Shari got out of the shower and got ready for bed. No, he didn’t need to know quite yet. Maybe tomorrow night, she didn’t want to explain things right now. Timothy grumbled. “Maybe I could try, around five. If you are not near here, forget it. I’m not walking across town to jog with you.”
“Thanks, Timothy.” Shari crawled out of bed and gave him a decent bear hug. “It means the world to me to have you there. You don’t know how much I wanted to see you today.”
“Okay.” Timothy's look spelled out the obvious to her. He may be awkward, and firm in what he wanted, but there was uneasiness. He knew something happened, and his voice softened to a lovable tone. “I’ll be there.” Then as sweet as it showed up, his affection disappeared. “Jogging. Playing. It's all awful.”


Chapter 11: Mother Nature

Zeke was pleased as he saw Shari emerge from Timothy’s door. “Right on time, let’s go.”
“Great, but I want to be near Timothy’s at five,” Shari insisted as she jogged sluggishly. “He’s going jogging with me.”
Zeke stopped in his tracks, a moment before he began to jog again. What did she just say? “Timmers said that? Varmint? He never comes out of the house for playing.”
“Well he is not playing,” Shari reminded him. “He's doing it for my benefit, and you'd better not torture him about it.”
“If Timothy jogs, that’s good enough for me,” Zeke chuckled slightly. Was this a joke or not? Should he tell the residents to grab their cameras? “You really sure he's gonna be there?”
“Yes. He may not be like everyone else in this strange town, but he cares for me.” Shari smiled and sighed with a dreamy expression on her face. “He is sweet, and he will be there. He said so.”
Zeke sighed too but not out of contentment. He wouldn’t get into any quarrel with her, especially after yesterday, but it was highly unlikely that Timothy Varmen would jog alongside her. Jog equaled proper exercise, and exercise was a form of play to children if done the right way. Therefore, Timmers wouldn't be caught dead doing that. He hadn't played since he was a teenager in Lost Secret.  There was no way Timothy would do that only for a girlfriend.
“Can we get moving now?” Zeke asked in the most unrude way he could manage. He had been waiting since four fifty doing push-ups and sit-ups with Shari at Timmers door.  
“No, he’ll come.” Shari insisted. 
“Of course, I am right behind you.” 
Zeke couldn’t help but look surprised. Timothy Varmen had actually showed up? “Well, this is a surprise. Ready to get going?” He saw a strange device beside Timothy. “What is that?”
“That,” Timothy pointed at the invention while he winked at Shari. “Is Shari’s new way of living.”
“What is Shari’s new way of living?” Zeke had to ask.
“No more endless suffering,” Timothy laughed triumphantly. “No more going here, there and everywhere all the time and every day anymore.”
Shari looked especially interested. There were a pair of robotic arms and legs hanging up on a piece of steel on wheels. Zeke looked at the legs and arms more closely. He'd never seen anything like it, but as he looked to the right he saw a symbol on the left that stated prototype. "Where'd you get this?"
“It will make things easier for Shari,” Timothy said as he ignored Zeke's question. "Everything comes apart at different sections. It’s got two arms and two legs. You put on an arm, like this.” Timothy took one of the robotic arms off of the hook and placed it over his own arm. “Adjust the speed accordingly on the top.” He played with a red control button at the top of it. “It’ll move different parts every few seconds or few minutes, depending on what you want.” He watched as his finger just moved. “The legs work the same way. You can work out your toes, your legs, your calves, your arms, your fingers and your wrists without having to do anything. It’s moving while staying still. Perfect for computer use, watching television or surviving,” Timothy chuckled as he came over to Shari. “You like?”
“I love!” Shari yelled so loud she had actually caught Rebecca and Simps’s attention too. Zeke didn't have as wonderful an instinct.
“What’s going on?” Rebecca ran over quickly with Simps following behind. “We heard someone yell.”
“Out of pure happiness,” Shari hugged Timothy so tight around the neck he had trouble breathing. “Thank you, thank you, thank you.”
Timothy gagged. “Shar-can’t-breathe!”
“Sorry, thanks Timothy.” Shari loosened her gripped and kissed him passionately on the lips, not daring to let go of her hero for a whole minute. Zeke groaned, he didn't like the look of this at all. Leave it to Timmers to get a hold of something not even on the market. He'd never heard of this weird invention. Timothy wasn't a scientific genius, but he was bright, and always looked for an opportunity to get ahead.
 “This is not a shortcut Shari should take,” Zeke spoke as he butted between the happy couple. "I don't know what this is, but it's not smart to put everything into trusting technology. This problem is natural, and the solution is natural. You have to trust Mother Nature and her methods."
“Ah, ah, ah. Now, you are not a doctor, only her trainer, Hippie.” Timothy pointed to a piece of paper he brought out. “Did you think I was going to sit around all day while you dragged Shari everywhere?” He tapped the paper. “This is written, by your own doctor. It has details about what this problem is, and the bare minimum it takes to survive without pills. One hour with you each day, training as we betted on, and the rest she can kick back and stay with me again.” He double tapped the bottom. “This is his own signature, and he thinks it’s a great idea.” He passed it to Shari. “Doctor approved my dear. Your endless suffering is over.” He tapped it one more time for proper measure. "One hundred percent recycle paper as well, for the pleasure of your trainer."
“So Zeke only trains her an hour a day?” Rebecca looked over at Zeke. “Aren’t you happy about that all, Zeke?”
 “It’s complicated.” Zeke replied. Just great, now what was he going to do? He caught a look from Timothy. If he had been talking about the condition itself, with his doctor, then he had to know some pertinent facts. “Who designed it?”
"Only the two most brilliant minds," Timothy bragged, "I know, do you? Besides, the sooner Shari was free from your torturous regime, the better.” 
“Shari, this is not a good idea.” Zeke fiddled with his pendant. He wanted to explain more, but he knew her mind was already being made up, and fast. Hours of torturous exercise or the easy way out? It didn't take a rocket scientist.
“Shari Kari. How many times do I have to tell you, it’s Shari Kari.” Shari chuckled. “I guess not as much considering our training is down to one hour a day.”
“Gosh, well,” Simps smiled at Zeke. “You have time to play with us again.”
“Yeah,” Rebecca nodded, "maybe if she only has to exercise for one hour each day, she won’t choose the medication.”
“No more suffering,” Simps remarked, “I mean training.”
Ganged up against. Even the permies could not see a flaw in the ‘beautiful invention’.  For now, Zeke had no choice but to let it ride out. Technology would fail, it always did. There was no way to cheat through the condition. Why couldn't Shari see that her spirit would suffer, not endure through this?
“Times change, Z-z-zeke.” Timothy hugged Shari tight again. “Technology makes the world more wonderful every day, doesn’t it?”
“Yes it does,” Shari hugged Timothy back. “Thank you so much, Timothy, you have really saved me.”
“I know,” Timothy took Shari by the hand. “The couch has missed you.”
“And I, it.” Shari sighed at Timothy as if he made all her dreams come true. “And I've missed you too. Let’s go try it out.”
Zeke asked one more time.
“Absolutely,” Shari waved happily. “I’ll see you tomorrow around...oh heck, what’s an appropriate time? One? Two?”
“I will be by at one. You still need to get up at sunrise.” Zeke plastered a fake smile across his face. This was too easy, there had to be something wrong with it. Some manmade device that was a deception to mother nature couldn't be a commendable thing. He didn't care what noble intentions man had, it never worked. Running around the block did more than jogging on a treadmill while watching television. The spirit needed to exercise and play, same as the body. Zeke crossed his arms. In fact, he was one of the biggest advocates for play as exercise. Why did adults not born or raised in Lost Secret buy such useless contraptions? He had some that were standard or that he used when the weather was unbearable, but he didn't honestly train in that fashion. In fact, he rarely felt it was exercising. He released his soul to nature and gave in to the pure intuition of play. That was why children played, it was instinct. Why did that drive leave others in other towns as they grew older? For now, he had no choice. Shari wasn't a woman who could be mothered. It was up to her, and to her alone.


Chapter 12: Grumpy Gus

“Timothy?” Shari looked oddly at him as he offered her a piece of cake. “Timothy.”
“Huh? Oh.” Timothy pulled the cake away. Except for the fact that she wore robotic limbs on her, things had seemed back to normal. He had even instinctively tried to share some food. The Poor guy. “Sorry, forgot.” He chuckled oddly. "Really sorry about that. I have so many desserts you brought into my home before this, they call to me. I think I'm becoming rounder."
“Don’t worry.” Shari touched his nose and chuckled, “The rounder you are, the more fun you are to hug.”
“Yes, that’s true.” Timothy couldn’t help a small smirk. “This is so much better, the way it should be. Zeke will no longer bug you more than an hour a day. There will be no more cuts or bruises, and no more being tired all the time.”
“Yeah, you’ll have to get a bigger couch.” Shari looked at the green loveseat covered in plastic. It wasn't the most comfortable, but with three people, it'd be downright uncomfortable. “When there's three down here, this won’t work.” She heard Timothy chuckle. “Do you have a three seater? We might have to carry a chair in here.”
“Huh? No, no.” Timothy scoffed,  “I’m not inviting him here.”
Shari leaned against the couch, “You just said-“
“I wasn’t thinking,” Timothy said in his defense. “It was a joke. He can find his own house to hide in, or he could leave the town.”
“Timothy, be a little nice. It’s going to be a difficult change I’m sure,” Shari added. “I’m not entirely happy with how hard he worked me all the time, but I can’t hold it against him forever. He’ll need help, and you should help too.” Timothy looked away as he took another bite of his cake. “Timothy, what crawled up your butt?” Shari laughed as she saw his expression. He had his arms crossed, his mouth lowered and his lip curled up like a boy that had been yelled at and must comply with their parents wishes. “Grumpy Gus.” Shari snuck a little kiss on his cheek. “Cheer up?” She looked at her watch. “Time for bed.”
Timothy watched as she turned her robotic legs off. “I’m not helping him.”
“Oh, you’re in one of those moods?” Shari laughed as she got up on the couch on all fours. She tickled him beneath his arms mercilessly until he covered up, then moved to his feet. Timothy conceded and grabbed her closer. She could smell the antibacterial soap he used. He agreed to be polite but only for a limited time. She kissed him and said a polite thank you. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
Shari. Get up. Shari.
Shari moaned as she tried to open her eyes. Her whole body had felt funky. In fact, she felt so tired she couldn’t even flip over on the other side of the bed.
Shari.
“Huh?” Shari looked around. Kari? No way, how could she be hallucinating? She used the machine that helped her move and went to bed on time. There was no reason for it and she had to be dreaming. She reached out to the ground but couldn’t quite reach it. “Timothy.” Timothy would be snoring away, oblivious to her plight. Waking him up would be as easy as making a dog and a cat get along. “Timothy.” Her legs felt like jelly, she had to get up, something was wrong.  She moved her legs out of bed but couldn’t stand up. Instead, she toppled over and hit the ground. Okay, she couldn’t walk. Not good. 
Shari knew she was in considerable trouble, she felt less energy inside of her than when she was even on medication. But what could she do and where did she go wrong? She stayed away from sweets, didn't eat any meat, she went to bed on time, and part of that day she had even exercised with the overbearing hippie. It couldn't be the invention, the doctor said it would work. Then again, how could he know for sure? All anyone knew was that she was allergic, so sensitive to almost every kind of food, especially sweets. There wasn't even an appropriate term as studying something that was suspected of JNSQ was too risky. There was nothing that could be done to improve the condition. It was thought best the world didn't need to know about it. There was no way to detect it, and most people died before they even knew they had it. That's why it didn't even have a real name. So how could he actually know, and why was she only thinking of this now? “Timothy.” Shari’s breathing grew heavier. It was hard to breathe. The Paladin had been right, she couldn’t use a shortcut, doctor approved or not. “Timothy.” Her voice was getting even weaker as her eyes got heavy...
“What are you doing on the floor?”
Shari opened her eyes and saw Timothy over her. “I’m okay?” She felt her legs again, like magic, she could move them again. She stood up slowly but with a good balance. “Timothy!” Timothy groaned as Shari lunged for him. “What? It’s three in the morning, why are you asleep on the floor?”
“I lost my strength, I couldn’t get out of bed.” Shari felt her legs again. “I feel better again though.”
“Maybe you were dreaming,” Timothy offered. “A nightmare.”
“A nightmare? Well, I did hallucinate. Maybe I was dreaming.” Shari took a deep breath as she walked around. “It didn’t feel like it though.”
“You are adjusting to the change,” Timothy said as he watched Shari crawl back into bed. “Hippie ran you wild these last few days.”
“I think you’re right Timothy, my body’s adjusting. If it were anything else, I wouldn’t be back to normal,” Shari admitted. 
“You were talking in your sleep when you woke me up.” Timothy added to make her feel better. “Just go back to sleep and don’t fall out of bed this time. Whatever you're feeling, it’s a dream.”
Shari nodded and lied back down on her bed. Timothy had to be right, it was only a dream. He had even caught her sleep talking. Yes, it was only a dream. 


Chapter 13: Son Of A You-Know-What

 “These are different.” The doctor had visited Shari to make sure she had been doing okay on the new machines she had been working with. The routine was different, but the concept was still the same, she had been constantly moving. Shari watched him look through his examination papers again. He had tested her twice so far, once on her second day of training with the Paladin, and once on her second day of training with the machines. He had come back with the comparing results. “Drastically different.”
“Well, I’m not running up and down Lost Secret all day,” Shari reminded him. “I can act normally.”
“That isn’t what I mean,” The doctor set the papers down. “How are you feeling? Any dreams or nightmares that are stimulating, almost real? Have you become incapacitated at times?”
 “What’s your point?” Timothy muttered.
“There is not enough output,” the doctor said. “Not to when I tested you when you were training with Zeke.”
“Once again, he ran her at a level for training Olympic champions,” Timothy complained for her.
“Yes but, these results are very different.” The doctor said. “You have taken in no inorganic food at all? Too much meat? What about sweets?”
“Do you think I have a death wish?” Shari shook her head vigorously. “Absolutely not, I haven’t ingested any number of sweets. Just a fruit here and there, same as always. No meat at all.”
“Chili, barbecue sauce?” The doctor suggested. “Look, even if you aren’t doing anything but twiddling your robotic limbs here and there, it should not be this bad.”
“I haven’t eaten anything but my usual,” Shari said with absolute confidence. “I have been very careful, I haven't been overdosing on anything.”
“One more test.” The doctor stepped over to Shari with his stethoscope and checked her heartbeat. “How do feel, right now? Could you run from the couch to a corner?”
“I’m fine at running,” Shari said, “I do train with Zeke one hour a day, as prescribed.”
“Alright, then run. Now.” The doctor watched as Shari ran back and forth. “Again.” He watched as she ran back and forth once again. He felt her heartbeat once more. “Are you sure you have not ingested any amount of anything inorganic?”
“She has had absolutely nothing at all,” Timothy practically yelled. “She is not stupid, and I have not given her anything.”
“Timothy, calm down.” Shari knew what his problem had been. If the doctor found some kind of flaw, she would have to leave for training all day long again. Neither of them wanted that, least of all her. “Everything’s fine. Okay?” She gave him a small kiss.
“Wait,” The doctor pointed at Timothy. “When did you last have something inorganic?”
“Well I had a breakfast cupcake,” Timothy answered, "about half an hour ago."
“How many times have you ate that, and then kissed her?” The doctor asked him.
“No way.” Shari blinked. “That would be too small and, it can’t be, it never affected me before.”
“An extremely small amount must be secreting from him,” the doctor reasoned. “Every time you kiss and, he has had something inorganic to eat, especially something sweet, you’ve been poisoning yourself. How often do you kiss?”
“Not often,” Shari said wearily. “We did have a make-out session.”
“Making out? Oh no,” The doctor felt her heart again, “You’ve been ingesting inorganic substances with sweet residue making it worse. Zeke's exercises must have been balancing you out more.” He hit his head. “If I could prescribe medication right now, I would say this bet is over, and you get on it now, but it’s unsafe at the moment.” He looked at her machines. “Tell me your schedule.”
“What schedule?” Shari shrugged. “I hang out, watch television, eat, and I do whatever Zeke tells me to from one to two.”
“Oh,” The doctor coughed and handed Shari a piece of paper. “Sign this and let’s get started.” Shari grabbed a pen and signed. “Thank you.” He folded up the paper and stuck it in his pocket. “Shari Kari, I’m sorry. Truly, I thought modern technology would work, but we know only a little about your condition. We don’t even know why it hits certain rare individuals, it just does. There are no family genes to explain it, no one knows how or why it happens. All we can do is treat it with pills. Zeke did find a way around it, a much better way than pills, but no one else is going to pull that off.”
“You mean, you really recommend exercise all day and no inorganic food?” Shari frowned. “That’s not right, and it’s not humanly possible.”
“It’s possible for him, and in his case, it’s the best. Now for you, medication is the best. Unfortunately, you have a greater chance of dying with them right now. At least, sooner and in a more dreadful manner. Details are not required,” The doctor coughed. “It was nice to see you, enjoy yourself.”
“Wait,” Timothy demanded before the doctor left. “What is she supposed to do about what it is in her system?”
The doctor shrugged his shoulders. “I suggest turning the machines off and living life the way you want. Go ahead, and have a slice of cake if you like.”
“Cake?” Shari was shocked. “All that sugar, fat, yeast, I would die.” The doctor didn’t say a word, his eyes said enough. Whether she ate a cake or exercised anymore, it didn’t matter. “Wait, wait, wait.” Shari couldn’t believe it. “What is that paper I signed?”
The doctor started to creep out. “We all make mistakes, no reason it should affect me.” Timothy caught up to him and yanked out the paper.

“A waiver?” Timothy watched as the doctor stole it away again quickly.
“Well what do you expect? I barely graduated medical school, and I can’t seem to find a job for too long. Too many malpractice suits, and I don’t need another one,” The doctor insisted. “Don’t look so shocked, what other doctor would ever help someone with JNSQ without the use of pills? I made Zeke sign the same thing before I treated him.”
“Are you saying there is nothing you can do?” Timothy yelled at him as the doctor backed up. “Shari’s going to die no matter what?” The doctor muttered a quick sorry before scurrying out. “You-You-I’m not through with you!” Timothy shouted. He looked back at Shari. “Shari? He’s an idiot, you aren’t dying. You can’t die. You won’t die.” Timothy tried to convince her. “Don’t worry, it’s fine, nothing serious happens in Lost Secret. Ever.”
“Timothy,” Shari stared at the ground. 
“You feel fine,” Timothy set his hand gently on her shoulder. “You can’t be dying, you feel fine.”
“Why did he keep checking my heart?” Shari continued to stare at the ground. “Timothy?” He tried to hold her, but she only backed away. “I’m dying, I’m going to die. I don’t want to die like this. I’m dreaming, I’m dreaming.” Shari wrapped her arms around herself tightly. “No, no, I’m not here, I didn’t hear this. Not the same.” 
“You'll be fine,” Timothy said again, weaker. “Nothing bad happens in Lost Secret.” He grabbed her and forced her to hug him. “It will be alright.”
“No, it won’t, the Paladin was right, I can’t cheat." Shari held onto Timothy tightly. “That doctor didn’t know anything; the machines weren’t good enough. I-I signed my own death certificate when I agreed to the machines. I’m dying, Timothy. Just like-”
Just then, they heard a knock on the door. Timothy unhooked himself from her and went to the door. 


“What is wrong?” Zeke asked, instinctively knowing somehow she was in trouble. Timothy's expression wasn't his usual scowl, he seemed disturbed. “What is it?”
“I’m dying,” Shari said, not lifting her head. She couldn’t even meet Zeke’s eyes. That was a terrible sign.
“Dying? You look respectable, a little paler perhaps.” Zeke tried to understand. “Can someone explain what is happening?”
“I’m...I’m dying.” Shari said with tears in her eyes. “I’m dying.”
“How?” Zeke looked over at Timothy. “Timothy?”
“The doctor says she’s dying, and he split after making her sign a waiver.” Timothy pointed at Zeke. “You, you’re the reason, you paid someone to act like your doctor!”
“No, he is my doctor. He’s unconventional, but he's my doctor.” Zeke said, “Every other doctor believes completely in pills. Now, back to the important thing. Why does he think Shari’s dying? She looks healthy, she speaks well, and she doesn't even look tired.”
“She’s been ingesting inorganic compounds coupled with not enough exercise he suspects.” Timothy said softly. 
“Ingesting sugar?” Zeke couldn't believe it, she'd known better. “How?”
“Kissing,” Timothy admitted, “after I eat.”
“That’s never mattered before,” Zeke said as she looked back at Shari. She still refused to look him in the eyes. She wasn't bawling, she wasn't mad, only in shock. “How’s her heart?”
Timothy didn’t respond to his question. “He says she’s dying slowly so do something,” he insisted. “Okay, I admit, you were right Hippie, nature triumphs.” He gestured at Shari. “Do something for her. I'll plant a tree, I'll plant a garden, I'll sign up to save a whale. Just do anything.”
Oh Zeke knew that the continual moving of machines wasn’t strong enough, but nobody listened. He had warned them, but in the end, he had to let that rebel go her own way. Zeke didn’t know what to say. He’d never done something so dangerous in an early stage, and coupled with not enough exercise? For once, Zeke was at a loss. “I…I don’t know."


Even the Paladin didn’t know. “I am gonna die.” Shari covered her eyes. It was no use, it was all over. She sprinted past Timothy and Zeke, quickly leaving the house. She ran with all her might forward, no destination in mind, she just had to get out. She had to get out! She ran past Gregory’s, she ran past Simps’, she even ran past Benji's house before she finally collapsed against a building. She sank lower and lower as she felt her heart thumping a thousand miles per hour. This was it, there was nothing left to do. Her life was going to end in a town where innocence reigned. Who would stumble over her body? Would it be a heart attack? Or would it be a more painful death? Would it be Rebecca, or another young child who found her? There was no denying it, death would be around the corner. She would have to find a safe place, somewhere to pass on that wasn't near the children, she couldn't traumatize them.
“Shari Kari,” the Paladin sat beside her as soon as he found her. 
“I’m dying,” Shari said softly to him. “Are you really here to gloat that you were right?"
“No,” Zeke touched her gently on the back. “I came to tell you, don’t give up. When you give up, that’s when people mess up. The human spirit can prevail through anything, once you trust enough in nature taking care of you.”
“Oh can the hippie advice!” Shari put her face in her hands again. “It’s over.”
“I don’t think so,” Zeke patted her back. “If you were going to die, I’m sure it would have happened before you were running. I think you’ll be fine, if you follow my lead.”
“I am going to die, I can't stop it!” Shari yelled.
“Your adrenaline has kicked in.” Zeke smiled as he rubbed his nose. Instinctively he placed his hand over her heart, kicking up some sensations she wanted to stop. “If you feel your heart, I bet it is pumping fast again.” His eyes met hers, his hand still over her heart. "Your blood vessels are opening up too for some reason."
"My what?" Shari asked.
"Your face," Zeke touched her cheeks. "It's all tremendously red. Must be connected, and your heart is beating unusually fast. You're going to be okay."
Shari didn’t need to feel her heart, she could feel how quick and hard it was beating without needing too. Oh no, she was blushing too. Shoot. Well, he was kind of a hunk, and he did have his hand right over her heart.  “Are you saying because my heart is beating faster, I’ll be fine?”
"You know, I have been trying to find the relationship between the allergy, moving and the adrenaline rush. I guess the adrenaline is what is connected to it. Keep your adrenaline up, and you’ll be fine.” Zeke patted her back. "You're going to live."
“Really?” Shari looked at him with uncertainty. “Are you sure I’m not going to die?”
“Yes,” Zeke stood back up and reached out for her hand. “If you follow my lead again, you’ll be OK. That means no more cheating with the machines.”
Shari groaned, her face losing heat. “Death by food or death by exercise.”
“If you want, only if you want,” Zeke said as he gestured with his fingers, “I will train you without your guidelines.”
“Without what?” Shari didn’t understand.
“Guidelines.” Zeke brought out a medium sized packet and gave it to her. “I am not a doctor, as I have been told many times by Timothy, you will not trust me if I don’t follow the doctor’s advice.”
“Six hundred ninety five push-ups? Four hundred twenty nine sit-ups?” Shari stared at the numbers in the packet. “I did all of this?” The numbers were staggering. “So you weren’t working me to death, it was that corrupt doctor.” Shari dropped the papers on the ground. “Why’d you push me so much then?"
“If I didn’t, Timmers would not recommend my method,” Zeke reminded her. “You wouldn't follow me alone without the doctor’s approval, remember? Timothy made that quite clear. You need to stay off that medication; I had to push you to continue.”
“Well he's an idiot. He signed off on Timothy’s idea and-I should’ve listened to you.” Shari hugged her legs curled up in front of her. “I didn’t want to work that hard for a whole month.” 
Zeke didn't say ‘I told you so’ nor did he comment about anything else. “The important thing is that you figured it out.”
“Yep,” Shari sat back down and looked at the papers even more. Everything she did was in there. “You did set me up with the Sergeant.”
“My mistake, I’ve said that,” Zeke insisted. “The doctor said either him or let you sleep, and that would be risky the first two or three days.”
“Zeke.” Shari felt incomprehensible anger as she ripped the papers in half. All that work, not created by the Paladin, but by that devil of a doctor. "I hate your doctor, he almost killed me.”
“Not many choices out there,” Zeke apologized. “He does know what he is talking about, and with his advice, I beat the medication.”
“He’s a complete ass, and there’s no way I am doing everything in that packet,” Shari crossed her arms. “Doctor recommended or not, I’ll trust you before I trust that idiot.” She groaned. “If I had known how horrid he was, there’s no way I would have taken this bet.” Shari looked at the ripped up papers and wished she could burn them all. "We’ll do things your way.”
“Are you sure?” Zeke asked. “Timothy made it quite clear that I wasn't a doctor and if I did not-“
“Timothy’s not my dad, just my boyfriend,” Shari interrupted him. “No one knows what JNSQ is, how it works in us. No one's ever beat it, except you. If I have a choice between you, that doctor, or those robotic limbs, I choose you.”
 “My way would be different,” Zeke warned her. “You have to agree to a few things if I do train you the way I feel would be best."
Couldn't be any worse. Shari nodded, an alternative approach would be worth trying. “Okay. What?”
“No more making fun of me,” Zeke demanded. “My name is not Wannabe Adventurer, Hippie, Tree Hugger, Perverted Paladin, or any of those other terms you and Timothy have used against me.”
“Well don’t trick me into a pool and I won’t use pervert,” Shari gave in. “Okay, I won’t call you any of those names.”
"Number two," Zeke continued, “You have to tell Timothy you decided this, not me.”
“When did you talk to Timothy?” Shari had to ask. It was apparent Zeke and Timothy had more of a basic talk somewhere along the line. Zeke told her that it had been agreed to after the deal. That's nice, and Timothy never bothered to mention it. Zeke told her that she had to make it clear to him that it was her decision. Please, she wasn't a goody gumdrop that did everything her boyfriend wanted. If she had been, well, she wouldn't have a hit on her right now. "Okay, I can abide by all that. Is that it?”
“No more cheating," Zeke said in a clear tone. "If Timothy comes up with something and I don't approve, it's not an option."`
“I learned my lesson, I can’t cheat,” Shari interrupted him. “What else?”
“Jumping jacks.” Zeke began doing jumping jacks. “You’ve stayed still for our entire conversation, you need to move.”
Shari started doing jumping jacks. “Okay, is this it?”
“If I ask you to do something, no complaining,” Zeke said as he finished up his jumping jacks. “Plus, no more cussing. Lost Secret is not the city. No more of the A word, S word, or Son of a you-know-what.”
“What cussing? You haven’t heard cussing.” Shari smirked. The people of Lost Secret, what a bunch. “My tongue does slip, but I’ll try to watch it.”
“Okay then, I'll train you. First lets head back to Timothy’s,” Zeke insisted as he started to run. Shari groaned. Hopefully, there would be some kind of difference between Zeke’s method and the doctor's. Hopefully.

Chapter 14: Coach

“What do you mean you’re going to follow his methods instead?” Timothy grabbed his head. “Shari, he is not a doctor.”
“The doctor was an ass. I mean idiot.” Shari corrected herself for Zeke. Under these new rules could she even say the word butt? “Why didn’t you tell me that you were the one who demanded he follow the doctor’s training or I’d quit? I only wanted to speak to his doctor, not follow every little thing.”
“You have a serious condition; I wanted a doctor not some obscure Paladin to take care of it. I cared, I’m sorry.” Timothy said in an odd way as he looked over at Zeke. “I will find a way to rescue her of your training again, just watch. The robotic limbs may not have worked, but I'll figure out something.”
“You do that,” Zeke said, “meanwhile, I must train Shari Kari.” He gestured toward her. “Let’s go, follow me.” Shari followed him out of the house, then bumped into Rebecca.
“Hello Rebecca, what are you up to?” Zeke said with a skip in his voice.
“I wanted to play basketball, but everyone’s watching an eating competition." Rebecca sighed. “Do you want to play, Zeke?”
“Absolutely, I love basketball.” Zeke caught the ball that Rebecca tossed to him, and he tossed it to Shari. “Now we need one more player.”
“Oh, me, me!” Simps ran over to them with his hand in the air waving wildly. “Me, Zeke, I’ll play with you!”
“Great news, Simps. Rebecca, you’re on Shari’s team. Simps, you’re on my team.” Zeke decided.
Basketball? Shari watched as Rebecca came over beside her.  No running, no jumping, no pushups? “Zeke, why am I-“
“Ah, ah, no complaining. You agreed.” Zeke tossed Rebecca the ball. “You start.”


“Whew, I am beat!” Rebecca sucked on a water bottle.
“Rebecca needs a break,” Zeke said. “Let’s get some push-ups done, Shari.”
Shari got down on the ground and did pushups. Zeke gave her no set amount, simply had her do pushups. Overall, the day hadn’t been miserable. This was the first time since they stopped running over to Rebecca that Zeke gave her any physical exercise to do. They had played basketball, then soccer, and then baseball. What kind of training was this? She wanted to ask Zeke time and again, but he kept saying no complaining, and she couldn’t push it. Not that she wanted too. How long had it been since she had even played sports? Too many years to count. She didn’t understand it, but she wouldn’t complain. 
“Great, I feel refreshed.” Zeke placed his hands on his hips. “Now what should we play?”
“Ooh, Ooh!” Simps jumped up and down in anticipation. “Monster tag!”
“Yeah, monster tag.” Rebecca grinned as she ran back over. “One of us is the monster and runs to catch us. Whoever gets tagged, becomes a monster. We play until there’s only one person left untagged.”
“Sounds fun,” Zeke looked at Shari. “Guess who is monster first?”
“Monster tag?” Shari watched as everyone ran away from her, including Zeke. Was she actually playing a child’s game? Basketball and baseball were one thing, but tag? Was this training? She couldn’t help a small chuckle. “I’m gonna find you,” She said as she raised up her arms like a monster and ran. She looked around suspiciously. Where would be a convenient hiding place? Aha. She spotted her first victim.
“Aaaahh!” Simps ran from behind the tree as Shari started to chase after him. “Rebecca, help! Monster, Monster!”
“Ah!” Rebecca started to run. “Simps, you gave my spot away!” 
Shari chased them around a tree, and around the block before she started to close in. “Rargh, I almost got you!”
“No, no, help, help Zeke!” Simps looked around for the Paladin. “Zeke, help!”
Shari stopped as she watched Simps eyes. "Caught you."
Zeke hung down from the tree by his ankles and shook his head at Simps. "Thanks much."
“Zeke, save me!” Simps yelled, out of breath, right before Shari had tagged him. “Ahhhh!!” He covered his eyes.
Shari laughed. What a strange little boy. “Simps, everything’s fine.”
“Oh. Oh yeah.” Simps looked beside himself at Rebecca. “I’m a monster now, and I’m gonna get you!”
“No way!” Rebecca started to run, now having Shari and Simps on her tail. “Aah!”
“Hey what’s going on?” Gregory strolled over. “Rebecca?”
Shari laughed, the game ran rampant around her, voices and laughing everywhere. When was the last time she had actually played tag? Sixteen or seventeen years maybe? Shouting came from all directions, how she kept up with everything going on, she didn't know. 
“Run Gregory, Shari is a monster! She’ll grab you and turn you into one!”
“Shari’s a monster? Okay, she can grab me.”
“I’m a monster too! Raraarrgh!”
 “Wait up Rebecca!”
“Zeke, have you been tagged yet?”
 “Not yet, thanks Rebecca. You and Simps are so helpful.” 
“Sorry! Ah! Simps! Zeke was closer!”
“He’s too fast! I’m gonna get you!”


After the game was finally over, everyone sat down and relaxed with a glass of water.
“That was fun,” Rebecca smiled at Shari. “Is this your training?” She looked over on the other side of her at Zeke. “Are you going to start playing with us all the time again?”
“Yeah,” Zeke smiled, “Done with all that other rubbish, playing's always been the way to go.”
“How can I play though?” Shari finally got her question in. “I’m not complaining, I’m not, but I need to ask.”
“Your adrenaline is moving, and you’re moving,” Zeke simply answered. “What more do you need? Did you want to put the guidelines back in?”
“No!” Shari coughed. “I mean, no.” Zeke hid his chuckle, he must have known he’d get that response. Shari sipped her water as she thought carefully. Timothy cared for her very much, but was that why he told Zeke he had to do everything by the doctor’s rules? Or was it more about winning the bet? No, surely not. Shari took another small sip. Timothy was a bit villainous when it came to the town, but he’d never make her suffer more to win a bet, right? “So what’s next?”
“One hundred pushups or...” Zeke flipped his water bottle in the air and caught it. “Red light green light maybe?”
“Red light green light!” Simps, Rebecca and Gregory all yelled.
“Well, Shari Kari?” Zeke lowered his yellow tinted shades and winked at her.
What was she, an idiot? “Red light green light, duh."


“All the kids are inside now,” Shari sat on the ground. It was incredible the surge of nostalgia that had swelled within her at first as she played the children's games. She was playing like she was ten years old again, and not only her. Benji, Adriana, Annie, all the adult-lifers that were her age that had never outgrown the concept of play. Even the man she thought was the devil in disguise, the Paladin himself, laughed like a child as he ran around. It felt like being caught in a different world where grownups and children never grew up. There was no distinction between ten year old Rebecca or thirty two and a quarter year old Chuck. Even the way they spoke, the parallel between adult and child blurred. Each time she was introduced to someone they would give their age along with their first name only. 
Shari had lived in Lost Secret for some time, being an outsider looking in. Never had she dreamed she would enter the play world that all of its residents enjoyed. Before she knew it, all the years of being a grownup faded away and the nostalgia she felt turned into the everyday feeling of being a child again. She knew why children wanted to get up early and stayed up late. The games they played too were phenomenal, some only worked with a hundred residents participating. And when she thought she'd finally seen it all, the Paladin had one more surprise.
“Kids have to go bed, but we can play tomorrow,” Zeke chuckled. “You see? I knew it. You liked playing too. And I don’t scare,” he winked remembering what she said the first time. Good memory.
“No, you don’t. I can’t believe I was playing all day,” Shari laughed. “I haven’t played like that in a long, long time. Never thought I would be doing that again. I mean, playing is for kids.”
“Not here,” Zeke reminded her, "everyone plays."
“Like I said...uh.” Shari remembered his rule about his name and scratched her head. “Most people don't play like kids. You don’t see people our age running around playing tag.”
“You do here,” Zeke laughed. “What's wrong with playing?”
“You are downright bizarre. In a good way.” Shari added quickly. “I didn’t get to lay on my butt all day, but then again, there wasn’t a rigorous workout.”
“Actually, playing is very hard,” Zeke disagreed. “Did you think about all the things you did while you played? You spent much more power in your play than you ever did in your pushups.” He stood up straight and crossed his arms. “There will come a day when all forms of exercise will seem fun, but playing will always be the funnest.”
Where was this guy from? Shari stared at him, not knowing what to make of him. He wasn’t the dictator or tyrant she had first pegged him for. He was just...odd. “Well, what are we supposed to do for the hour? I have to keep moving until seven.”
“The kids are in bed, not the adults.” Zeke stood up. "Up for a run?" Shari took him by the hand and jogged the usual path until he stopped. "Turn right instead of left." Shari did as he said, and only one block down she saw the most extraordinary place she had ever seen.
A playground for adults.

"Hey Zeke," Benji waved from the leather swings. "Where have you been?"
"Training," Zeke jumped up on the swings next to him. Higher than children's swings and the material holding everything together wasn't mere aluminum. The swing height was twice as high as any swings she'd ever seen. "Jump on, Shari Kari."
Shari cautiously went to the swings and sat down. The scale was larger and fatter, more than strong enough to hold her. The chain's on the sides she was holding were durable, not common weak link chains. She guessed a person would have to be over four hundred pounds before they outgrew it. As she began to swing she noticed the other playground equipment. You had to jump three feet to get to the merry go round, and the circumference was the size of a living room. She watched Anne and Chuck going down a slide that started at a height equal to a ferris wheel and a width that ten kids could slide down side by side. Never in her wildest dreams had she seen such a place. 
"Slides won't get you as much exercise going down, but climbing up is hard enough to count," Zeke interrupted her thoughts. "Want to go slide on the slide?"
Want to go slide on the slide. A phrase she hadn't heard since elementary school. Shari could feel her smile reaching wider as she looked at the tip top of it. "Champion Paladin?"
"Yeah?"
"I'll race you there!"



“Timothy!” Shari shouted as she knocked on his door. “Timothy o, Timothy o, Timothy O-o!” She laughed as he answered the door. “Hey, I’m back.”
Timothy didn't glance at her long, instead turning his attention to Zeke. “From that odd reaction, I can predict only one thing. Playing. That’s what you think Shari needs?”
“Good for guessing.” Zeke laughed away. “She’s moving, her adrenaline was pumping, and she liked it better.”
“Sure. Playing with the disturbed residents.” Timothy looked away and sighed in disgust.
Shari’s face became red. Her mind had reverted into a carefree state, but seeing Timothy, it came crashing back to reality. “I’ll see you later, Coach.”
"Coach? Well, I guess I can live with that. Tomorrow at sunrise,” Zeke added before he left.
Shari smiled as she watched the Paladin skip off. She looked back at Timothy with more than a hint of disappointment. “Did you have to embarrass me like that? I have to say playing with kids sure does beat death.” She groaned and went inside. “For once, I didn’t have to work my butt off, I did nothing but play. It was fun, so sue me.”
“Playing? Fun?” Timothy squinted his eyes and curled his lip upward. 
“It beat what the doctor wanted me to do, and it beat the little robotic limbs,” Shari replied. “Don’t get me wrong, they were great, but they didn’t work. Not for what I needed.” She took a deep breath. “I have to say today was fun, and whether you approve or not, whether any adult would approve or not, I did have fun playing.”
“Playing is stupid,” Timothy crossed his arms. "It's for kids only."
“Whatever, Timothy.” Shari yawned. Kids or not, it beat any other way so far. “I’m going to bed. The Champion Paladin is coming to take me at sunrise.”
“Champion Paladin?” Timothy gasped. “Did you call him by his proper title? My enemy, our enemy that is the reason for the absurdness of this town, by his actual title?"
“Timothy, calm down.” Shari patted his back. “I’m not going to play past the betting point. I probably won’t even see him that much afterwards. Don’t worry, it takes more than a day to steal me away,” she teased until he saw the questioning look in his eyes. “Just kidding, Timothy,” Shari said as she continued to her room and climbed into bed. “It was a joke, calm down.”
“Joke. Right.” Timothy said in a more irritable voice than usual. 


Chapter 15: Tracy

She should be a lot faster, Zeke thought to himself as he watched Shari running after Simps in a game of tag. Then again, he had trained with the Sergeant twenty four seven of strenuous exercise. It might take longer than two weeks for her, but it still would not take a month. There was no reason to doubt he would win the bet.
Shari was a little faster each day, but she would have been even faster if she had not taken a four-day break from exercise. Zeke couldn’t complain though. The name-calling had stopped, the residents stopped giving strange looks, and all the dirty looks from Shari had ceased. All in all, ever since he started following what he thought was best, they hadn’t been enemies as bad. Not particularly close friends though. Shari tried to stay an acquaintance no matter how well she got to know people. In fact, she still wouldn’t let him call her Shari for some reason, and she called him nothing but Coach most of the time. Geez, how hard was the name Zeke?
“Hello Shari,” Timothy walked over to Shari as she played. 
“Hi Timothy,” Shari smiled. “Want to play too?”
“No, no. I thought you should know I wanted to call your sister to ask about something,” Timothy sighed, “and my phone went out. It doesn’t always work well.”
“I remember. You need to update it along with your services," Shari chuckled. “So sis will probably check up on me.” Zeke watched her expression switch from playful to panic in a matter of seconds. “Sis is going to come check up on me?”
Timothy handed her a cane. “Here you go, I thought ahead.”
“Thanks, Timothy.” Shari leaned against her cane.
“What is going on?” Zeke came over when he saw Shari leaning on her cane. What was Timmers up to? “Shari Kari?”
“My sister will visit,” Shari insisted. “I need to have my cane and slow down long enough for a visit.”
“You can’t,” Zeke shook his head, sister or not, he couldn't let this fly. “You need to tell her the truth.”
“Don't worry about me, Coach.” Shari twirled her cane. “I’ve got enough adrenaline going to do this.”
“Yes, but you know me,” Timothy added. “It takes time to walk way over here to tell you. She will probably be here fairly soon.”
“Shari Kari!” A woman with short dark curls started to run over. She had brown eyes and wore a broad smile. Her physical, facial expression seemed to match Shari's.
“Like now,” Timothy smiled at Shari. “Care to say hello?”
“Timothy, I can’t stay still for a whole-Sis!” The stranger came over to hug Shari. “How are you? Are you staying long?”
“Not real long, wanted to stop by and see you.” Her apparent sister smiled. “I got a call, but it got cut off, and I tried to call back, but there was no answer.” She laughed. “I had to check on you, make sure everything was okay. Here, I brought you something too.” She handed Shari a box with a piece of fudge on top. “Your favorite kind of fudge. I was going to bring it next time I visited anyway.”
Zeke looked at the fudge. Death in a box, she couldn't have that. He watched as Timothy quickly ate the fudge on top and chewed all of it at once. At least he stood up to help his girlfriend out.
“Timothy,” Shari’s sister said, “boyfriends sometimes.” She sighed and opened the box. “Here, Shari.”
“She can’t have that,” Zeke stood beside her.
“I can’t, I’m full.” Shari rubbed her belly. “Right, Timothy?”
“Huge, all you can eat buffet, she couldn’t eat one more thing.” Timothy lied for her. “I’m sure she’ll eat later, thanks.”
“Yeah,” Zeke patted Shari on the back gently. “Don’t forget, you need to keep moving.” Timothy hit his head, and Shari looked awkwardly back at her sister.
“Keep moving?” Shari’s sister looked at Zeke suspiciously. “Who are you?”
“I’m Zeke.” He smiled and held out his hand “You are Miss Kari?” He had no idea what her last name was, Shari had only talked about her in her daydreams.
“He’s just an acquaintance, not even a friend, Tracy.” Shari reasoned fast as she saw her sister’s expression. “Thanks for the fudge.”
“But you can’t eat that,” Simps piped up from the back. “You need to keep running, Shari.”
Zeke pushed Shari up slightly. Good ol' Simps made pushing easier. “Try talking while hopping on one leg maybe?”
Shari closed her eyes. “Tracy.”
“Shari...” Tracy practically growled. “You are not taking your pills, are you? You are insane!” She took back the fudge and dropped it on the ground. “Do you have a death wish?” She glared angrily at Zeke. Family trait alright, same death stare.
“Tracy.” Shari looked over at Timothy for support, of course.
“She is being closely monitored by experts,” Timothy insisted. “Something happened with her medication, and it had not been strong enough. While the doctors figure it out, she has to stay off.”
“Oh,” Tracy put her hand to her chest as she breathed a sighed with relief. “You are around an expert?”
“Yes,” Shari pointed at Zeke. “This is my coach.”
Zeke waved awkwardly. “Shari Kari, hop on one leg. Really, you have to keep moving.”
“Yes, sir.” Shari held her cane and hopped on one leg. “So you see, it’s not by choice, but I didn’t want you to worry.”
“Oh, Shari. Sorry for jumping to conclusions.” Tracy bent her head down as she rubbed her eyes. “I should know better. You would be the last person on Earth who’d want to stop. You let me know when the doctors find the right dosage, okay? Until then, I am calling every night. You stay safe and keep moving. Move as fast as you can, okay?” She stopped rubbing her eyes. “Well that’s my cue that I better head back home. Nice to see you again, Shari.” She nodded at Timothy. “Timothy, you take care of her. Do you hear me?”
Timothy nodded as Tracy started to take off. “That could have been a disaster.” He looked over at Shari. “You’re lucky I made it in time.”
“I know,” Shari stopped hopping on one leg.
“What happened?” Zeke had to ask. “Why was she upset? How did she know? How many sisters do you have?”
“It’s personal,” Shari muttered to him as she crossed her arms. Her fiery personality had come back.
“How many sisters do you have?” Zeke repeated.
“What’s that got to do with my training?” Shari crossed her arms as she looked over at Timothy. “Don’t call from that old phone anymore, Timothy. If you need to make a call, use my cell.  I'm not using it, so take it for now."
“Okay,” Timothy nodded. “I will call her later and ask her what I needed too.” 
“What is it that you needed to ask Shari’s sister?” Rebecca moved her head from side to side. 
“Pipsqueak.” Timothy crossed his arms. “Fine, if you must know.” Timothy whispered something into Rebecca’s ear. 
“Oh.” Rebecca looked sheepish. “Sorry, Timothy.”
“What?” Simps asked. Rebecca whispered into his ear. “Oh. Why did he want to know-“
“Simps!” Rebecca stopped him. “Don’t let her hear.”
“Yes, thank you for almost spoiling the surprise.” Timothy complained, of course. “As for me, I am going back home. See you soon, Shari.”
“Wait, Timothy.” Shari gave him a large hug. “Even though you were almost late in your warning, I appreciate everything. Especially the excuse, I didn’t want Tracy to worry.”
“I know,” Timothy smiled as he held her even tighter and grinned at Zeke. “I know everything about you.” He pulled away and looked at Shari again. “Don’t worry in two weeks you won’t have to lie to her anymore.”


Chapter 16: Sweet Kid

“I don’t know if I should do this, Timothy.”
Timothy looked above his pull-out couch and saw Shari. “What do you mean? It’s two more weeks, and you’re having fun with your playing.”
“Yeah, I know.” Shari chuckled and touched his head. “You’ve been a good sport not stopping me.” Timothy moved his head out of the way. She loved bugging his hair, it always had too much hair gel. He loved looking as professional as he could be, he thought it detracted from the fact he was from Lost Secret. She heard an unhappy grunt. “I know, no touch.” She did a small cartwheel along the floor. “I’m playing hide and seek. Wonder how long it’ll take before someone finds me?” 
“You ditched the hippie?” Timothy had a large mischievous grin on his face. “That’s my girl.”
“Only temporarily. Besides, I’m still moving.” Shari did another cartwheel across the floor. “Like I said, I don’t know if I should continue this bet. It’s not going right anymore. Zeke truly seems to have his condition under control, he enjoys his work, and he is actually a decent Champion Paladin.”
“So?” Timothy rolled his eyes. “He will bug you intensely, probably more than before if you quit on him. Do you want to go through that again? Do you honestly want to leave Lost Secret because of him? Think about it, two more weeks.”
“Okay, fine, two more weeks.” Shari agreed. “When he loses, I’m not making him keep his promise.”
“What?” Timothy all but whined. “Why even continue then? Shari, don’t give in.”
“It’s not giving in. I mean, he’s quenched my suspicions.” Shari answered back. “He’s not a dictator, he wants to help. He wants to help everyone, including people who aren’t exactly fond of him because he believes it's right. It’s what makes Coach, the Paladin.” She got down and started to do pushups. “He even put his own self on the line for the dumbest bet around, to try and help get me off of medication.”
“That may be, but as you have said over and over, it takes one slip-up to die."  Timothy stopped to remind her. “One! So he’s a Champion what would happen if he did slip-up, hmm?”
Shari stood back up and looked at Timothy knowingly. “He’s always moving enough, and he is so full of energy that he’ll be OK. He's a Champion. He runs fast, jumps high, has super strength, and all the other trademarks of an Adventurer even. Short from eating a piece of cake, I am pretty sure nothing would harm him.”
“Pretty sure.” Timothy repeated. “Pretty sure is not a positive statement. He is jeopardizing his own life by not taking that medication. You’ll be hurting him, not helping him. Besides, after that incident with your sister, you would let him weasel out of the deal?” 
“Timothy Varmen.” Shari crossed her arms. He did not go there. “Don’t try and use guilt against me to make me continue. Once this is over, I am releasing him from the bet. He can accomplish what no one else can, and I can’t take that away. Plus, I haven’t told him about my sister so even if it hurt, it’s not his fault. I’ll finish the bet though. Playing and exercise is actually fun, so I guess you're right in a way. I might as well enjoy it while I can.” She looked behind her. “I wonder.” She had a feeling she could do it. She planted her feet firmly on the ground and let instinct take over.
“That was great!” Shari exclaimed as she flipped onto her hands then back to her feet. “I haven't done a backward flip for years.” She looked at her feet. There was no frightened sense of failure, nor was there any self doubt. It felt like getting back on a bike and knowing that you could still ride it even if it’d been twenty years. She performed a backward flip three times. The sensation was incredible.

“Wow, you’re good! When did you start doing that?”
“Pesky kid,” Timothy yelled at Rebecca as she appeared. “What are you doing in my house?”
“Finding Shari,” Rebecca said. “We’re playing hide and seek. Shari, you did an excellent job on those flips. Does Zeke know you can flip?”
“No.” Shari smiled at Timothy sheepishly. “Sorry you got involved in the game. At least we got to talk. I’ll see you soon.”
“Shari, you’ve got to tell Zeke you can do that,” Rebecca followed Shari up from behind, “he likes to hear about your feats.”
“He doesn’t need to know,” Shari said as she trotted through the yard. “Trust me, now you run ahead and find the others. I’ll be it when you find everybody. By the way, how did you know I’d be at Timothy’s?”
“Timothy’s always there, and after seeing your sister, I figured you wanted to talk to him,” Rebecca said. “What happened back there, Shari, and how come you don’t want Zeke knowing you can do flips?”
Shari smiled at Rebecca and squeezed her hand. “You’re a sweet kid, Rebecca, but there are some things you don’t need to know. Just as I am sure there are things you don’t want to talk about, I don’t want to talk about this. Okay?”
Rebecca seemed to understand the concept of privacy. “Shari, how much do you like Timothy?”
“You’re not going to jump onboard like everyone else in Lost Secret and say leave him, are you?” Shari asked. “No matter what he’s done, I like him. We have a lot in common. Or we used to…but we will again."
Rebecca had to smile. “I didn’t mean dump him, I mean...why do you really like him?”
Oh. Girl talk. With a ten year old? “You mean why am I his girlfriend instead of a friend?”  Well, she'd keep it straightforward. “That’s easy to explain to a grownup, but to kids, not so much. Ummm...” Okay, how could she explain it? “In the city, things are different, a lot different than in this town. Guys are different too, and they want different things.”
“Like kissing and stuff,” Rebecca nodded.
“Yeah ‘and stuff’,” Shari agreed as she did cartwheels. Perhaps Rebecca wasn't raised in Lost Secret as much as she thought? “Well because of my condition there’s some ‘stuff’ I can’t do. Makes it difficult to find the right kind of guy. Timothy doesn’t seem to care about the ‘and stuff’ much. Sometimes I wonder if he even cares about kissing much.”
Rebecca smiled. “Is that the only reason?”
“I’ve dated for less,” Shari stopped doing her cartwheels. Okay, now they were getting too personal. “Why are you asking me this?”
“No reason,” Rebecca broke off and ran away. “I see you, Tina!” Shari continued to cartwheel back over to the safe tree. As she expected, Zeke was there. “I was found.”
“I see.” Zeke sighed. "Cartwheels?" Two weeks and the only freelance exercise he had spotted was cartwheels. Shari knew it drove him crazy, but it was better that way. The more he felt he was losing, the easier the result would be for him to accept.


Shari Kari yawned as she crawled into bed. It had been the twentieth already, eighteen days since she started the bet. She was getting closer to the ending day every night, but tomorrow? Would not be easy. “Goodnight Timo...thy?” She felt something underneath her pillow and pulled it out. She opened it up and smiled. “What’s this?”
“Early gift,” Timothy remarked. “You better appreciate it, I had to order it to be specially made.”
“Oh?” Shari Kari slipped the ring on her finger. “It’s really unique." Shari smiled at her ring. Such a funny thing. “Where’d the happy joker face idea come from?”
“Deck of cards,” Timothy added. "We used to play cards."
Shari chuckled. A cute red gem that had a joker face with the rest grey and shiny, almost silver. “This is cute Timothy, but my birthday isn’t until tomorrow.” She sighed. “It’s tomorrow already.”
“I wanted you to enjoy it, and you I knew you wouldn't tomorrow.” Timothy said. “Remember that, my birthday's not very far either.”
Shari looked at the red ring. “This would have been her color. Red and blue, blue and red. Opposites.”
“I was going to go with blue, but I hate blue.” Timothy said casually until he saw her starting to tear up. “I’ll exchange, I’ll make it blue.”
“No Timothy, it’s fine. I love it.” Shari insisted wiping her tears. She didn't want him to spend extra time fixing the color because she was emotional. “You were right for giving it to me on this day, instead of the twenty first. I can’t even smile on that day.” She cuddled up under her covers. “I hope it goes fast. Goes fast and goes over.”
“Don’t worry.” Timothy yawned. “No one knows anything; it’ll be like any other day.” 


Chapter 17: Gossip

“Are you okay? You look miserable.” Zeke asked as he jogged next to Shari. “You’re not enjoying the jog at all, are you?”  He had been so excited when she chose to jog instead of playing, that he thought it had been progress. She hadn’t been happy the whole jog, so he knew that wasn’t it. There must have been something else to it.
“It’s fine. I don’t feel real good,” Shari said softly. 
“Don’t feel good? A tummy ache?” Zeke asked. No one was immune to sick days, even he had times when he hadn’t felt the greatest. No, he better not push her as hard today.  “Would you like to walk fast instead of jog?”
“Maybe later,” Shari said as she seemed to notice odd looks as they passed people. She looked back at Zeke and muttered softly. “That’s eerie.”
Zeke watched the residents as they passed. They were staring too hard and smiling too wide, like a spooky painting in the middle of the night. Shari was right, it was eerie. What's wrong with them? 
Shari had not been herself at all today either. Maybe he should speak to Timothy? It could be something personal affecting her. Then again he hadn't spoken to Timmers, one-on-one, for a decade. Well, maybe it would be better to have the day play out?

Why is everyone smiling at me,  Shari thought as she saw complete strangers even seem to be happy to see her. Timothy promised no one knew. No one knows, was it in her head?
“Ah, hello, Shari Kari.” A man waved as Zeke and Shari passed by “How is your day coming?” Who was this guy? Shari looked him up and down, she had never seen him before. He was polite, didn't seem overly childish, and even wore clothing befitting of his age. A rarity in Lost Secret.
"Ah, hello Marcus." Zeke playfully pushed her shoulder. "What's with that look? Don't tell me that you never met him of all people? Marcus Abbacus is the oldest resident of Lost Secret, along with Miss Sharina Little. They had been here before Lost Secret became the town you know."
"Really?" Shari looked at the man a second longer. He seemed to express intelligence beyond the normal residents. More than Timothy, in fact, his clothes being more casual but adult, not trying so hard with a suit and tie. He must have been here before Lost Secret became the dumping ground for people's children. "Nice to meet you."
"We shall see you around," Zeke tugged on Shari gently, "let's get going again." It didn't take much to twist Shari's arm. She wanted to keep moving and not talk to anyone. That day, she didn’t even need Zeke slowing down to walk alongside her briskly. Oh, how she wanted to stay in her house today and not even get up from bed. That had been her routine for many years on that day.
“Wait, wait!”
Shari and Zeke both stopped as a large short woman stood in front of them like a big road block. 
“Hello,” she smiled. “I am Sharina Little. I don’t believe we’ve had the pleasure.”
“Guess not.” Shari shook her hand politely. Why today of all days, did complete strangers choose to stop and say hello? Shari gave her a quick smile, but it faded in two seconds. “Nice to meet you.”


“Yes, you too.” Sharina Little held a notebook in front of her. It was time to get down to business, events such as this did not happen every day. Or even every decade. Once Timothy whispered to Rebecca about what he wanted to tell Tracy, her sister, Sharina Little made sense of it right away and informed the town. There was only one reason a man asked about a woman's ring size. “I was wondering, what is your favorite color? You are often in purple and blue, is it either one of those? Oh.” Sharina noticed Shari’s hand.  “My, that is a fabulous red ring, is red your favorite color?”
“Red?” Shari asked softly, almost in a thin gasp. “What?” 
“Red, it’s red, right? You’d look beautiful in red.” Shari was not ugly, but she was kind of plain, and wearing red could give her appearance more vitality. Oh, she hoped it would be red. Red and purple, with blue and green? Would those make reasonable colors? No, no two to three. “How about red and blue?”
“Huh?” Shari took a small step back.  “No, I don’t know. Look, I don’t have time for this.” Shari took off as quickly as she could, going from walking briskly to a full-fledged running spree.
“Odd girl,” Sharina shrugged her shoulders. “Oh Zeke, do you know what her favorite color is?”
“Frankly, no.” Zeke smiled politely. “What’s it for?”
“Colors darling, colors! Do you think Timothy Varmen could organize a wedding by himself?” Sharina announced “This wedding has to be remarkable; a mere little ceremony isn’t going to cut it. Oh, has he asked yet?”
“Uh," Zeke held up his finger. "Timothy is proposing?"
"Absolutely, he asked about a ring and everything," Sharina explained. "The whole town knows, so I have to start getting some info." She noticed Zeke's eyes widen with his eyebrows raised. "Zeke shugah, you okay?"
"I have to go. Goodbye Sharina.” Zeke waved and once again, smiled politely. 
Sharina groaned. After all these years Lost Secret would be having a wedding, but the bride to be couldn’t even tell her favorite color. She walked down the road further and saw Rebecca with her friend Tina by her side. “Oh, Rebecca.” She waved at the girl. “Rebecca.” Sharina got out her notepad again. “I don’t suppose you know Shari Kari’s favorite color? I am guessing either red, blue or purple.”
“She wears blue a lot,” Tina put her two cents in. “Maybe that’s it?”
“I don’t really know, Sharina.” Rebecca shrugged her shoulders. “I’ll ask around. Someone’s bound to know.”
“Good, then give me a call.” Sharina smiled perkily. “Goodbye Rebecca, don't forget to ask around!”
"Shari Kari, is your stomach still hurting?” Zeke asked
“Yes. I have a feeling it will all day.” Shari said as she continued to walk briskly. “Oh, I wish I wasn’t here right now.” She touched her stomach. “It’s really hurting.”
“It’s harder to exercise with a sour tummy,” Zeke sympathized. “We’ll continue to walk briskly, but we have to get a little bit of jogging in every once in awhile. Maybe you should consider seeing the doctor soon?”
“It’s only the stomach, I’ll be fine,” Shari muttered. She glanced out the side and saw Gregory, like he made some impressive discovery about her. The child's look made her feel even worse. Gregory called out to Tina and whispered something. Whispers.

“Zeke! Shari!”
Shari and Zeke both stopped as Rebecca ran up to them.
“What is it, Rebecca?” Zeke asked. “Is something wrong? Did a tempie say something rude, or did someone fall?” 
“No, not really,” Rebecca smiled at Shari. “I wanted to say hi.”
“Hey.” Shari tried to smile for the girl. After all, Rebecca had always been respectful to her, even when others shied away because she was dating Timothy. Rebecca was never anyone that would cause trouble, and of all the kids, she seemed to have bonded with her the most. “What is it?”
"Shari isn’t feeling her best today, so we need to keep moving,” Zeke insisted. "We can play later."
“Oh, I’m sorry.” Rebecca apologized. “I have a quick question for you, Shari. Nobody seems to know the answer to whether your favorite color is blue, purple or red. Which is it?”
Shari took a deep breath and closed her eyes. “What?” Not this again. 
“We’ve seen you wear purple, but you wear blue a lot. Your cane was almost red though and-oh!” Rebecca noticed Shari’s new ring. “What a pretty ring! Red looks lovely on you.”
Shari ducked her head away. Not Rebecca, she wouldn’t be doing this. What was wrong with this town?
“It’s probably red or blue, right?” Rebecca continued to harass her. “You would look great in red. Is it red?”
“No, it’s not red!” Shari couldn’t help it as she exploded. Of all the nerve. “Leave me alone, what is with this damn question?!”
Zeke and Rebecca were both shocked by her outburst as she ran off.


“Uh oh,” Rebecca looked at the ground as if she had done something wrong. “I must have said something upsetting to make her curse.”
“It’s not your fault,” Zeke assured her. “Sharina asked this morning, and she was far from happy with her too.” He looked ahead at where she had been, but she had already passed the corner. 
“Why get so upset over such a trivial question?” Rebecca sighed. “Maybe she doesn’t like me anymore? Did I do something wrong? I didn’t mean to interrupt her, I just wanted to know.”
“Don’t take it hard Rebecca, she hasn’t been herself all day,” Zeke comforted. “She’s been solemn and feels funky.”
“Oh that’s because she’s pregnant, Zeke.”
“What?” Zeke and Rebecca both turned to see the Marcus.
“Yes,” Marcus insisted. “That’s why Timothy is proposing. Has he proposed yet?”
 “No. Pregnant?” Zeke seemed suspicious. Even more dubious than he was of the proposal. “Where did you hear this from?”
“Oh I heard it from Sharina, Sharina heard it from Emily, Emily heard it from Anne, Anne heard it from Benji, and Benji heard it from Gregory,” Marcus insisted. “A new resident born in Lost Secret. It’s been quite awhile!” He chuckled. “First a proposal, then a wedding and now a baby. Lost Secret is becoming exciting isn’t it?”
Rebecca looked stunned as she watched Marcus walk off whistling. “That can’t be right, Shari’s not pregnant.” She looked up at Zeke. “I had a talk with her yesterday, girl stuff, but I know she’s not pregnant, Zeke.”
“She can’t be.” Zeke agreed. “For several reasons. Something's not quite right. Where did these rumors start?” He sighed with a groan. Rumors and gossip in a small town spread like wildfire, it was about the only drawback to Lost Secret. “Rumors shouldn’t be spread so fast, they could really hurt someone.” Now he was regretting not talking to Timothy before. He should have gotten over the past, and had a small conversation. The simple gossip from before was now much worse.
“Yeah.” Rebecca looked at the time on Zeke's watch. "If Timothy was going to propose, he would have at least shown his face. Maybe I shouldn’t have been quick to judge that what Timothy said had to do with a proposal? She was already wearing a new ring.”
“Maybe so,” Zeke nodded. “I think there is something going on with Shari Kari today, but I don’t think it’s anything dealing with these rumors.” He waved back to her as he took off. “I’d better go catch up with her again.”
Why in the world was everyone asking her that question? What did it have to do with anything? As if things couldn’t get worse, she heard a yell say her name from behind. She looked back and felt like yelling. Oh great, it was that Sharina Little again. If she wanted to ask the same question, she was going to scream. Shari stopped and looked at her. “Yes?”
“Oh, I have another question for you.” Sharina got out her notepad again. “What kind of cake do you like?”
Okay, that’s it. Somehow, they knew. “Timothy.” Shari glared at the ground. He must have leaked something! She ran off as quickly to his house. How dare he do this, he knew how vital it was to her to keep this secret. “Timothy, get out here,” Shari yelled as she banged at his door. “Timothy Varmen!” Timothy stuck his head out of his door. “Who did you tell?” Shari's hands were shaped into fists by her sides, a lot of emotion making them tremble. “Who?”
“Tell what?” Timothy looked downright confused. "Why are people gathering around us?"
Shari noticed it too but chose to ignore it. “Timothy, who did you tell about this day?”
“No one,” Timothy assured her. “Who would I bother telling?”
“Someone knows.” Shari said through gritting teeth, her voice was seething. “They’ve been asking cruel questions out of the blue,” She moved her feet uncomfortably. “Somebody’s playing a sick joke, and I don’t like it.”
“No one knows, it’s in your head.” Timothy crept out of his door and walked over to her. “Can I ask you a question?
“Finally!”
Timothy and Shari both looked at the crowd. The permies, the tempies, and everyone between was gathered around them.
“What do you all want?” Timothy yelled angrily. “Go away!” He looked at Shari. “Did they follow you?”
“I told you, someone told something.” Shari looked at the ground. How could this be? How could a town do this? This town? They might think that enough time passed by and they were curious, but it didn’t. It didn’t matter how much time passed by, she couldn’t handle it. A whole town stalked her for what happened. Oh, how could it possible get any worse? 
“Shari Kari!” Sharina caught up with her. “I’m sorry, I was ignorant before, and I wasn’t thinking. Of course, you can’t have a normal cake,” She looked back at her notepad. “What kind of cake could you eat? I know some talented bakers, I am sure we can come up with-“
She couldn't say it.
“-a white, perfect, old-fashioned-”
Not a pleasant woman like her.
“-cake.” 
Shari couldn’t take it anymore. That’s it, she was done with it. Timothy, the Paladin, it didn’t matter. Screw Lost Secret she wouldn’t be a resident much longer. She had to get out, she had to get out of it. Now.
Timothy’s mouth dropped as he stared at Sharina. “Even I have never been that cruel.” He looked at all the townspeople. “What is wrong with all of you?”


“I think I can explain,” Zeke ran up right next to Timothy. Considering how fast he had actually caught Shari running, he knew he had made significant progress with her, lousy mood or not. “Timothy, are you proposing to Shari?”
Timothy's mouth dropped father than it ever had before. “What? No!”
“So there will be no wedding, and Shari Kari is not pregnant?” Zeke finished. It was time to end this gossip thread.
“What?” Timothy looked aghast. “No, what is wrong with you people? Ugh. What?” He glared at everyone then looked over at Zeke. “Hippie, go after her. Explain what happened and bring her back.” He pointed to the left. "Small towns and gossip, I swear."
Zeke looked around. “I don’t even know where she went, man.”
 “You have to go to Cambria," Timothy said, "it’s fifteen miles outside of Lost Secret.”
“Why would she be there?” Zeke had to ask. 
“It’s her hometown from when she was younger.” Timothy answered bitterly. “Go to street Verifun.”
“Okay, I’m on my way.” It could have been a hoax, but he didn’t think Timothy would try anything involving Shari Kari.


Chapter 18: Past

Shari dusted her small hands off at the door. She and her sister, Kari, had come back from a run around their little town Cambria again. It was small and didn't even have paved roads yet. The dust blew up on them as they ran, and they were trying to brush the dirt off before going inside the house.
Shari entered first, just a bit quicker than her sister. She saw Tracy stick her tongue out at the table, and she reciprocated. Tracy was stuck in a white dress against her will. 
"You finally decide to come home?" Tracy asked in a snob manner. "It's your birthday, and you still can't stick around?"
"Oh, come off it, Tracy." Kari crossed her arms. "We need to move, you don't get it."
"Yeah, well, I don't want to be some stupid hero when I grow up anyway." Tracy leaned against the table. "It's all stupid."
"It's not stupid," Shari's mother said as she came into the room. She smiled at Shari and Kari. "Heroes can change the world, and having heroes in our town could really bring some business to Cambria." 
"We're not heroes," Kari reminded her. "We just have some extra strength, that's all. Shawna down the street thinks it's something in the environment."
"Well it's not, I can tell that you will be heroes. You're true powers haven't kicked in yet." She left the room a moment and retrieved some gifts. "Are you ready to open your presents before you leave again?"
"Sure," Shari and Kari said at the same time. They sat down next to each other, each in their usual red and blue outfits.
"Oh, wait! The cake. I made it just for you two." Their mother left a second and brought out the cake. "One piece before we open presents. Then tonight we'll go to Calibri and watch a movie."
"I don't want to watch a movie," Kari said.
"Yeah, and I don't want to eat cake," Shari protested.
"Uh uh. I condone you're new behavior every day, but not today. No skipping this, it is tradition."
"You guys are retards," Tracy said as she reached for a plate. "Who turns down a movie in the city, and birthday cake? Spoiled brats."
"Tracy does have a point," their mother argued. "Now sit down and relax." She went over and started cutting their pieces out. "We are eating cake."
"Cake is disgusting," Shari said as she turned her nose up to the dish. "Forget it, it makes me want to barf."
"Shari," Her mother scolded her. "Do you know how long I worked on this cake? You are starting to get some of your powers, and by next year, you might not be here. You could be attending a superhero school, all the way on the other side of the globe. So please, for me, have some cake? Let's enjoy this birthday."
Shari grimaced and looked at the cake  her mother had placed in front of her. A year ago, it looked go. This year, it looked slimy. It was normal, but it wasn't right. The frosting on it was pure white buttercream frosting. The top was covered in white sprinkles, and the inside was vanilla, with a line of buttercream on the inside. It must have taken hours to make, and she felt some guilt.
Taking her fork she took a small smidge of the frosting and tried it. As soon as she did, her stomach turned! Repulsed, she dropped the fork and turned away again, "I can't, mom! I love you, but I am not eating that. Would you eat a cockroach if I picked it up off the floor for you? That's what's it's like."
"Oh, that's sick," Tracy complained as she wrinkled her nose. "Shari, you are a spoiled brat!"
"I don't care what you think of me, I'm not eating that." Shari looked over at Kari who was poking at the cake. "You don't want to either, do you?"
Kari looked at Shari, then at her mother. She dug into the cake with her fork and placed it in her mouth. "…yum."
Shari scoffed but didn't give in. "Can't we move to presents?"
"We are not leaving this table," her mother said firmly, "until that cake on your plate is gone!"
"I'm twelve years old, you can't tell me what to do," Shari said. 
Kari grumbled but slid the cake over. "I'll eat it."
"Whatever." Shari crossed her arms. 

“Shari Kari?”
Shari stared at the open window of an old house. The trimming needed painting and the paint needed reapplied. The yard was covered in weeds and dead grass, in need of desperate care. It was apparent no one had lived there in years. “Had to chase after me, didn’t you? Can’t leave me alone for even half an hour.”
Zeke looked at the house in front of him as he approached closer. “Was this your house?”
“When I was smaller,” Shari admitted. “Coach, I’m leaving.”
“By running again?” Zeke grinned at her.  "I have been able to take my eyes off of you in the past and catch up, but after I talked to everyone you were out of sight girl-er-Shari. I’m proud of you, I didn’t know your progress had come this far.”
“I mean I’m leaving Lost Secret,” Shari said more clearly. “Tonight, this bet is over.”
“Over? Something's wrong.” Zeke knew something had been wrong with her all day. “If you tell me what’s wrong, maybe I could help you?” Shari gave him a creepy look and had a strange, sad laugh. “I help everyone, I'm a Champion Paladin. Do you want to talk about it?”
Shari gave him an odd look, as if debating something. “Do you like cake?”
“Not really,” Zeke couldn't help but laugh. “I don't have a sweet tooth for things that could kill me.”
“I love cake. Wedding cake, Christmas cake, special event cakes, and no special reason cakes.” Shari stared into the kitchen window of her old house again. “Every cake but birthday cake. Today’s my birthday, Coach.”
“Your birthday?” Zeke smiled and patted her back once. “Well, Happy Birthday.”
“Don’t say that. I haven’t had a happy birthday since I was twelve years old, and I never will again.” Shari turned around and looked at Zeke. Her eyes sparkled with wetness, he knew she'd been crying.  "Zeke. There's something I need to ask you. Have you ever witnessed death by cake?"

"This is pretty," Shari said as she lifted out her new blue dress. The top wasn't cut super low, but it did have a little arch. She had complained to her mom that she was twelve and still had baby dresses all the way to the top. "Thanks, mom."
"Yeah, well, you are growing up." The tone wasn't as loving, but Shari understood. She was mad about the cake. 
"Ooh." Tracy smiled and hit Shari playfully on the shoulder. "My little sister is going to be a hottie."
"Tracy, don't talk like that," her mother said. She looked over at Shari. "You're too young to be a hottie."
Kari laughed and looked at her own matching dress in red. "Thanks, mom."
"Oh, you're welcome Kari." She patted her head. "Go ahead and get dressed. I'll grab the camera. After some pictures, we'll head to Calibri."
Shari and Kari both took off to their rooms. When they came out, each had on their dresses with matching colored shoes.
"Okay," their mother said as she zoomed in the camera. "On the count of three."

Kari began to choke. Shari rubbed her back, asking if she were okay, but Kari couldn't respond. Her mother and Tracy came over as the choking grew worse.
"Come on, honey, what is it?" Their mother held Kari as she continued to choke, not gasping. "Kari?!"
"I'm going to call the doctor," Tracy said as she headed for the phone.
"Kari." Shari held her hand.
The coughing and gasping became more violent, as she lunged away from them and threw herself to the ground. Blood started to appear on the floor.
"Kari! Tracy!" Her mother yelled at her sister, "Call 911, now!"
Shari watched as Kari kept her face turned to the ground, the pool of blood getting larger and… "Oh my god!"
Small parts of anatomy unrecognizable to her started to show up in the blood. Bits and pieces of flesh, like raw chicken getting diced for dinner. Even hard whites started to sprinkle out. It took a moment to realize they were teeth.
 Shari started to cry and hold onto her along with her mother. They realized why Kari couldn't speak. Her throat was being dissolved along with pieces of her mouth. Shari knew there was no way Kari would speak to her ever again. That Kari wouldn't emerge from that spot alive.
The emergency vehicle and personnel quickly made their way in, and pushed Shari and her mother out of the way. Shrieking, they refused to leave, but were carried out. Shari wailed against them the hardest, her super strength making it harder. She was kicking and screaming so much it took two to try and carry her out. Before she was out, she had stopped.
Shari watched what was left of her sister's jaw drop off next to her hand as her fists crumpled and her body hit the floor. 

She closed her eyes and gulped, trying to get the dryness out of her throat as she retold her story. “I should have stopped her, I should have known that letting her eat that was wrong. I should have done something, but I did nothing. My twin sister died because of me.”
“It was an accident,” Zeke bent down beside her. “Your mother didn't know, and you didn't know. Only your instincts were warning you, and you were coming into the condition. You're older now, everything has changed the risk factor.”
“How can you say that?” Shari frowned. “What if you had taken more than one bite when you first figured out something was wrong? Where would you be now? Do you think you'd be here, advocating for no medication? So many people have died of JNSQ and never knew it. I believe that. All the mysterious deaths that happen every day, at least some must be JNSQ. Unless your body is in perfect harmony with your stomach, you die of eating. They'll never say it though, I don't get it. Scientists don't get it. No one gets it. We will never understand, it just runs our life.”
“Okay, I know.” Zeke had to give in. “You are right, no one understands. It's a balance somehow. We'll probably never know how it occurs or why it occurred, but death by JNSQ or death by medication are our two choices. JNSQ is not a big deal to me, I watch everything. Death by medication is certain, and it limits life. It limits what we can do so much. It’s not even a life anymore.” Shari reached in her pocket and pulled out an old magazine clipping, then handed it to him. Zeke read the article. “Your mother and you were accused of...” He couldn’t even continue.
“Yeah, not accepting that the cake killed her, they said that battery acid had been poured down through Kari’s throat,” Shari looked away again. “I don't know what that would look like, but people bought it." She looked over at his expression. "Don’t like the description, try being there. Try holding onto your own sister as she was coughing up her own…” She turned back to him with an odd smile. “Still gung ho that no medication is the way to go?”
Zeke took a moment longer but still nodded. “Even if something did happen, I would never regret living this way. I have twelve more days,” Zeke looked at her seriously. “I know this was not easy to deal with, but being unable to express physical energy is not a life either. Believe it or not, once you feel the excitement-"
“Do you really think so?” Shari looked back into the kitchen. “Do you have any idea what it's like to tell your friends your sister died because she ate birthday cake? Do you know how many laughed at first, or thought it was a joke?” She glanced back at him. “Seriously, do you really think you even stand a chance?” She stepped closer to Zeke. “You need to think carefully about your own future and choices.” 
“You’re actually quitting? You’re leaving Lost Secret for good?” Zeke didn’t know what to say. After all that time and effort on both their parts, she was ready to give up? “This is a sensitive day full of awful memories, you need to chill first. You shouldn’t decide to quit on a whim, this isn’t you.”
“What do you mean? You don’t know me, no one knows me. You don't even know why I'm here,” Shari walked away. “You never knew I was a coward who let her twin sister die because I didn’t want to eat my own birthday cake. You have no idea about any of my motives.”
Zeke stood up and grabbed her by the shoulder gently. “It doesn't matter, you're here. That had been two pieces of cake, but even her own would have been enough.” 
“How do you know for sure?” Shari asked. “Are you a doctor? What if it hadn’t been as concentrated and she fell ill? She could have gone to the hospital and maybe they could have saved her. Two pieces pushed her over, it was my stupid pre teen anger fault. I killed Kari, and I gave her a painful death.”
Giving residents a band-aid when they got hurt, Zeke knew how to do that. Helping out the kids with projects, Zeke could do that. Helping tempies learn how to survive for themselves, he could that easy. As he looked at the bitter pain and self-blame pinned on Shari Kari’s face, he knew no mere words of encouragement from a Champion Paladin could help. Saying he was sorry would be no good, and he couldn’t say he knew how she felt. Anything at all that came to mind he knew gave no comfort. He couldn’t even hug her because she refused to become more than an acquaintance with him.
She had not expected any form of help, it was clear. In a way, it seemed as if she was trying to help him understand his own choice better. For the first time, Zeke felt helpless as he watched Shari Kari put her own right hand over her eyes. Blocking tears or trying to deal with the guilt she felt, he didn’t know. 
“Don’t say anything, I know the drill. I’ll leave Lost Secret tonight,” Shari said. “Bye.”
“Wait.”
 “I was never found guilty, you can’t take me to jail.”  Shari said quickly. 
“You were found guilty,” Zeke disagreed, "only by yourself, no court system. You're not responsible for your sister.”
“I’m not making anything up,” Shari crossed her arms. “I was a minor, so I wasn’t charged. It’s not because I wasn’t-“
“Oh my god, it’s Shari Kari!”
“Guilty.” Shari noticed an old friend across the street. Their face was full of fear as they scuttled off in a hurry. “I better get going.”
“What’s your favorite color?” A policeman of Cambria started to come over to them. “Red or Blue? Only the blue girl left.” The policeman bopped his club up and down on his hands. “Shari Kari Johnson, after all these years. What are you doing here in Cambria?” 
The man had no bright smile or any cheeriness in his address to her. Johnson?  Her middle name had been Kari?
“Officer Rickles,” Shari bent her head politely. “I was leaving.”
“You’d better. I’m watching you.” The policeman pointed his club at Shari. “You come near any kind of battery acid within five feet, and I’ll haul you down to the local jail. You must be crazy, I can’t believe you’d even show up in this town again. They should have thrown you in an institution, not let you get off scot-free.”
“That isn’t nice,” Zeke spoke up. "What gives you the right to talk to someone in such a mean way?”
“Don’t you know?” Officer Rickles pointed at Shari with his club again. “She killed her sister by pouring battery acid down her throat. Poor Kari. Now get out of town. You’re presence is frightening everyone.”
Zeke watched as Shari Kari quickly ran away. “Stop,” Zeke touched the officer’s arm. “You don’t understand, Shari is not to blame, it’s a condition and-“
“Don’t give me that science fiction condition that doesn't even have a name. Yeah, right.” Officer Rickles frowned. “Really, killed by birthday cake? Now let go, and follow your pal back to wherever you belong.” Zeke gave him one of the meanest glares he'd ever given anyone, but knew he wouldn’t change his mind. He had to catch up to Shari quick, for another talk. This time, he knew what to say.

Shari ran for a mile straight before she stopped. 
“It was not your fault!”
Shari looked behind her and watched Zeke catch up. He stopped beside her.
“You were not responsible; it was not your fault, no matter what that town thinks.” Zeke tried to reach her. “You both had JNSQ, it could have been you on a different day or in a different way. You can’t blame yourself.” He put his hand on her shoulder, but her eyes would not reach his. “Many people don’t understand, they see the surface, what happened to her. I know it was not battery acid, even the courts could not charge for that without medical evidence to the contrary. Don’t you see?”
“It was my fault,” Shari wouldn’t hear otherwise. “Even my own mother said if I had eaten my share, she wouldn’t have died.”
“If your mother had not baked a cake, she would be alive. If your mom had taken you two to the doctor, she would be alive. If Tracy had not gotten into an argument, maybe Kari would not have eaten two of them, and maybe you could have died with her,” Zeke flipped it on her. “Don’t you see? Everyone was looking for a scapegoat. You did not kill your sister.”
“No, everyone-“
Zeke grabbed her hand gently. “You are not responsible for that.”
“I should have-“
“You are not responsible.” 
“But even my mom-“
“You are not responsible, Shari Kari Johnson.” 
Shari stopped talking.  Zeke refused to let her talk and even found out her real last name. “Now you sound like Tracy. For some reason, she’s the only one who never blamed me.”
“Sisters know sisters,” Zeke smiled. “I saw the way Tracy was with you in Lost Secret. She cares deeply for you and you should listen to her, not everyone else.”
“Watch what you say. You don't know Tracy. Besides, Tracy has been trying to convince my mother for years to see me again,” Shari said. “After what happened, my mother was dragged down to the local jail. Her attorney got her off when he proved that I was the one at fault. I had the condition, I should have known to stop her.”
“Attorneys are tricky, and rumors have power,” Zeke replied. “They have convinced your entire town that you are guilty, but you're not. It was an accident. Kari was your twin, do you think she would have wanted you blaming yourself like this? If the shoe had been on the other foot, could you have forgiven her?” Zeke asked. “It was an accident, and it doesn’t make you a murderer. You loved your sister, and that’s all you need to remember.”
Surprising. Zeke handled small emergencies, small problems, small everything with ease and proficiency. Shari Kari stared at him. She figured he would run away, the problem being too large for someone like him to even want to touch. There he was though trying to convince her in any way possible that she wasn’t responsible for her sister’s death. “You believe in the impossible.” Shari headed out toward the field. She had stopped a mile outside of town for a reason. “She couldn’t even be buried in town, everyone was afraid I would want to visit.”
Shari moved another ten feet and bent down, plucking some tall, dry grass out of the way. “Kari Shari Johnson.” Shari moved the rest of the grass out of the way and read the rest of her headstone. “Killed by cake, or so they claim. We will not forget.” She sighed. “Happy Birthday to us.” She shook her head. “It doesn’t matter what you think, Lost Secret is ready to run me out. The looks and the whispers. You’ve heard the way they talk, they know. People in Cambria always asked my favorite color, so they knew whether I was Shari or Kari without trying to be offensive. Now suddenly everyone’s asking on the streets of Lost Secret.” She bent her head further down. “And the cake, the old-fashioned white cake...”
She was surprised as she felt something cold next to her arm. She looked down and saw Zeke's metallic peace pendant lying on her arm before she felt him hug her from behind. His embrace was different from Timothys. She was suddenly aware of how athletic he undoubtedly was as she felt him against her on her back. She felt his right hand find hers and his left wrapped around her left side. His grip was gentle but strong. 

Zeke didn't stay down long beside her before launching himself up. He had thought about it more than once whether he should give her a hug. He couldn't change anything for her, and even if she wasn't fond of it, it was the only thing he could offer. He didn't hug her for long, only long enough to show he cared. "I'm sorry you thought people knew in Lost Secret. I should have started with the facts. You see, no one knows about your past, they thought you were getting married.”
Shari lifted her head up and looked at Zeke. “What?”
“They thought Timothy was proposing to you,” Zeke explained. “No one knows anything, you can stay in Lost Secret.”
“What?” Shari stood up. “Why would they think that?”
“They heard about your ring,” Zeke gestured to her red ring. “I understand that it was a birthday gift, but Timmers would not give it to you on your birthday. I see why.”
“I can stay?” Shari finally cracked a real smile.
“Absolutely. I declare you as a permie resident of Lost Secret.”  Zeke crossed his arms, glad to see Shari smiling, and that tears were subsiding. “So, what do you say now? Continue training?”
Shari looked at him with a serious expression. “Tracy is the only person who knows besides Timothy. She’s my sister, and she doesn’t want me to take chances. Even if I wanted to choose no medication, I would lose her and her support. You don’t get it, I can't choose losing my medication. You had no chance of winning.” She tallied on her fingers. “One, my sister. Two, Timothy, enough said. Three, Tracy takes care of half of my finances. Four, my job is with video game designing, something I can’t be jumping around to accomplish.”
Zeke continued to smile. Her sisters, her job, finances? “No problem Shari, your sister will take some convincing, but if she honestly loves you, she'll understand. As for finances, I can help you in a pinch. As for your job, you're cool. Once you find your balance, you won't exercise or play half as much.
Shari seemed unconvinced. “You don’t want to change, and I don’t want to change. We’re at a draw, Coach.”
So close, she would be so close. “I’m not trying to push,” Zeke pushed. “I know you have personal reasons, but if you give me a chance I can show you a better way."
“I don’t want to die and go out that same way. Why don’t you understand that?” Shari groaned. “This deal is over, no one wins.”
“When Timothy almost killed you by giving you a headache pill, you shrugged it off.” Zeke began his pushing again. “When you saved Simps, and almost died, you still didn’t seem to be affected. Even when you almost died from exhaustion, you didn't daddle all day on that.” He looked at her with interest. “You're only scared of dying by sweets.”
“It’s never going to happen, ever.” Shari took her hand making a slitting gesture across her throat.
Zeke cracked a smile. “What if there was a way to eliminate that threat? Would you continue to give it a shot?”
Shari gave him an odd look. “If you could, fine, but what do you mean?”
“Something special.” Zeke nodded as he thought to himself. Yes, that shouldn’t be too hard to come up with. “Come on, let’s go back to Lost Secret.”
“...you honestly don’t think Kari’s death is my fault?” Shari asked softly. “Are you sure no one knew in Lost Secret?”
“No, it was an accident, and nobody except Timothy and I know anything. You see how fast rumors and truth get mixed up.” Zeke reminded her. “I see clearly, and I’m sure one day others will too.”
“No, no, don’t tell anybody.” Shari warned him. “I wouldn’t have told you if I had known Lost Secret didn’t know.”
“I should have started with that, again, I'm sorry.” Zeke apologized again. “I won't tell anyone, I promise. Are you ready to go back to Lost Secret?”
Shari sighed. “I don't know. I can't believe I ran fifteen miles."
"By the time you're done with your training," Zeke patted her on the back with pride, "you'll be able to run fifty."


“Timothy?” Shari did some simple pushups behind his kitchen chair. “There was a weird rumor going on today.”
“Yes, I know.” Timothy rolled his eyes. “Like I would ever get married? That leads to...” He had a disgusted look on his face as he said, “children. Like there's not enough of those around.”
Shari smiled. “I’m sorry I thought you told. I didn’t want to get run out again. I think I have become attached to this town.”
Timothy glanced back behind his chair briefly. Shari had had a stroke of rotten luck in her own town, so she was convinced she had been the one responsible for her sister’s death. The only other person who didn’t blame her was her sister, Tracy. “I’d never tell anyone, I wouldn’t want them to run you out either. You’ve paid for your crimes with your own guilt.”  He believed she was innocent too, but Shari was exceptional. If she wasn’t afraid to make new friends, he knew she would never stay with him. "You know I’d never tell a soul.”
“I know,” Shari stood back up “I accidentally told Zeke though.”
“What?” Timothy stood straight up out of his chair. No way, she had told him? “H-he will blame you the most of everyone. Why would you do that?”
“He didn’t,” Shari said softly. “He kept saying it wasn’t my fault. Just like Tracy.”
“Well,” Timothy scoffed. “He sees nothing but positive in the world. He believes in all the peace, love, and faith nonsense. He doesn’t know what crime or pain or any of that is. Look, I know it was your fault.” Timothy walked over to her sadly. “It happens, so you weren’t watching out for her. The hard lesson was learned, and I have forgiven you.”
“I know,” Shari gulped. “It’s just that, he made it sound like I was a scapegoat.”
“For a whole town’s reaction?” Timothy shook his head. “No Shari. Remember? He tries to make everyone feel happy about themselves. It's his job, it's what a Paladin does.” He sighed. “Now you will have to watch it, Zeke may say you're not guilty, but he always tells those residents everything. He can never keep a secret. I think you should get through these last weeks as fast as possible, and then not bother too much with the other residents. By that time, someone might know.” He touched her shoulder gently. “I don’t want anyone to run you out of Lost Secret.”
“Yeah, you're right,” Shari nodded. “He lives in the safe little town, probably never even been outside it. He doesn’t get it.”
“Right. Now, let’s forget all about Mister Save the Rainforest and relax for the night.” Timothy showed her his watch. “It’s time for sleep.”
“Yeah,” Shari agreed. “Tomorrow will be better, and this horrible day will be over.”


Chapter 19: Move

“It’s perfect. It is perfect,” Timothy congratulated himself as he finished sealing an envelope. Yes, he had lost his beauty rest last night, but it would be well worth it for what he had come up with. Zeke would never wear down Shari to his side, and he would lose. In fact, he couldn’t wait. Shari was the only person in Lost Secret in years to become a friend. Who visited him, who knew him, but she was more than that. She was the first who cared about him as more than a friend too. Such a treasure he never thought he'd discover. As much as he wanted Lost Secret to be renewed into its original form, he didn't want to lose Shari in the process, and he was close. That Paladin was showing her how much there was out there and was ever teaching her how to rediscover playing. Shari wasn't only training, she was glowing. Happier then he'd ever seen her. 
That was dangerous. No matter what, he wanted to keep Shari on medication. Without it, she wouldn't be the same girl. He had come up with a plan that would work. “In three to four days, Zeke will no longer even be a threat.” 
“Actually, it’s about ten or twelve days, depending on how far he wants to go.”
Timothy gasped and turned around. Shari was up? He had been up all night concocting a plan, but it wasn't sunrise quite yet.
“Morning, Timothy.” Shari grabbed his arm and looked at his watch. “Oh wow, it’s early, huh?” She stretched her arms over her head. 
“It’s not sunrise,” Timothy said, “go back to sleep.” He hid the envelope quickly. 
“I can’t,” Shari got down and started doing push-ups. 
“Stop that,” Timothy complained. “Shari, go back to bed.” 
“Can’t, I’m awake.” Shari stood up and started doing jumping jacks. “Oh boy, am I awake.”
Shari proceeded to do half-turn flips, stretched out her legs and walked on her hands around the room. Timothy watched with an expression of disappointment, intrigue, surprise, and distaste.  “Shari, stop playing around. I hate playing.”
“It’s temporary,” Shari said as she stopped walking on her hands and flipped in a half turn over to Timothy. “It’s natural, and you’ll have to deal with it.” Her breathing was fast, and her voice sounded softer, as if she had run a marathon. “It’ll go away soon. It always goes away.” She started stretching from side to side. “What are you doing up?” She stopped to look at his watch again.
“My own business.” Timothy pulled his arm away from her. Okay, this was not his Shari. She couldn’t stand still for even a few seconds. He groaned as she did cartwheels and then full back flips up and down his room. That tree hugger was already transforming her. “Shari, stop this.”
“Usually I can, by now. It only lasts a few minutes in the morning.” Shari breathed, her voice was even more raspy. “I-I-I’ll slow down. I will, I have to take some deeper breaths. Somehow. Soon.” Oh no, no she had to kick this need before Zeke retrieved her. The more he knew he had been winning, the harder it would be for him when he eventually lost. “This isn’t fading.” She felt her heart and could swear it was ready to jump out. The adrenaline had run too high, and she knew that, like it or not, she had hit the rush. The calling.
The part Zeke had longed for. Had her life been different, she would have flipped all the way to Zeke to tell him that he had won. 
“Shari, quit it!” Timothy demanded.
“Can’t this morning, can’t.” Shari said as she got down on the ground and did sit-ups. Her whole body was begging to move. Like a dangerous drug, the more she gave in, the more her body would want it. There was no stopping anymore, she could feel the vibrant sensations flowing through her veins. She had brief moments where she fought it off for the last six mornings, but there was no fighting it anymore.  “Sorry, Timothy. I. Can’t. Stop. Anymore!”
Timothy glanced up, down, left, farther left, up, right, farther right, down, up, left. He closed his eyes not being able to keep up with Shari’s movements anymore. “Quit it!"
“I can’t, I can’t, I can’t, I can’t help it,” Shari yelled. She bolted out of Timothy’s house so fast Timothy had barely seen her.

“Easy,” Rebecca shouted at Shari.
“That’s not a good place for you,” Marcus agreed.
Shari looked down at Rebecca still feeling the need to move. Somehow, she had ended up on the top of Rebecca’s house. Not so serious if your whole body wasn’t automatically wanting to move every three seconds. “I-I-I gotta keep moving.” She looked around desperately for the edge and somehow without thinking found her way back down and was off running again.
“Shari!” Rebecca stood on her tiptoes as she tried to see Shari Kari, but she was long gone. “That wasn’t good,” Rebecca looked at Marcus. “What do you think, Marcus?”
Marcus shook his head. “Oh, I don’t know. Maybe it had to do with her training today? Maybe Zeke is trying to spice up her day?”
“By having her get on our house?” Rebecca didn’t seem convinced.
“Hey.” Zeke ran up right behind Rebecca and Marcus. “Have you seen Shari Kari?”
“Sure did,” Rebecca pointed to her house. “She was up, and now she’s over and somewhere else.”



“She is climbing houses?” Zeke wasn't pleased. Her need for moving should be great, but she should have started to calm down. If she had still been moving, then she must have been hiding her true need for burning energy inside for at least a couple of days. “It will be hard to even reason with her right now." Well, at least she reached her rush. He ran immediately after her. 
Zeke stopped and looked back. Gregory was waving and yelling him over. “What is wrong?”
“Reception is bad,” Gregory pointed to the top of his house. “I think I know why.”
“Oh no,” Zeke yelled to the top of Gregory’s house. “Shari Kari.” Zeke looked around for a way to get up. “Gregory, can I come inside?” Gregory opened his door, and Zeke leapt inside. Once he was close enough to the top he went out a window and hung onto the trimming. “Shari Kari, that is not safe,” Zeke tried to warn her as he pushed himself onto the roof. She had got on the roof and was now balancing on a satellite dish. He safely pulled her off.
“Safe? What? Huh? I gotta move!” Shari Kari started to wrestle in his arms. “I gotta move, I gotta move, I gotta move, let go, let me go, let go!”
Two days of hiding her need for more movement? No, at least five or six days, Zeke realized. She had denied it so much that the need had overwhelmed her. Her body craved nothing but physical motion and her mind could not even be reasoned with at the moment. “Take a deep breath.”
“You take a whatever,” Shari struggled to the side to try and climb through the window that Zeke went through. “Move it, leave me be, I have to move!”
“I know.”  Zeke had let her go, and watched her take off into the window. He quickly went after her, and in a short amount of time, both of them were out of the house. Before Zeke ran off after Shari, he had stopped to talk to Gregory. “Gregory, get Rebecca and the other permies to meet me at the park.”
“I’m on it,” Gregory shouted.
Zeke caught up to Shari. “If you want to keep moving, you need to follow me. I will lead you to where you need to go.” 
“How long is she gonna keep running around the park sidewalk?” Simps complained. “It’s making my eyes hurt.”
“I don’t know.” Gregory answered as he watched Zeke and Shari running around the sidewalk. “I never thought she was fast, but she just changed overnight.”
Zeke ran by as Gregory and Simps spoke. Shari had changed overnight? Oh no, that wasn’t true, she had been hiding her true talent for at least a week, performing to about half of what she usually could. She must have fought off her urges for far too long; she was so deep into her need for energy release now. “Okay Shari, let’s try some cart wheeling?”
“Too slow,” Shari gasped. “I need more, I need faster, I need something.”
She needs to calm down. Zeke kept up with her as he tried to figure something out. Right now the sidewalk that looped around the small park was no test, the only thing giving her any challenge was Zeke running beside her. If he quit, she might take off to try and find something more difficult but dangerous, like the adult playground. “How about somersaults?”
“No,” Shari yelled. “I just need to run, I need to run, I need to move, I need to run.”
Zeke looked around for something else to coax her to quit her running. Shari may have been a lot more physically fit than when she started, and her adrenaline may have been pumping to allow her to keep going, but she was human and her body needed a break too. He had hoped she could get through it with enough exercise, but her need was too strong. The only thing he could do would seem cruel, but it had to be done. “Time to stop.”
Shari grunted and squirmed as Zeke grabbed her from behind. “Let go!”
“Take a deep breath, you have to calm down,” Zeke insisted as some of the residents ran over. “You have to try and find your balance. I know you want to move, but you need to find better ways that your body can tolerate. Humans aren't invincible gal.”
“Let go.” Shari refused to listen as she struggled to get away. “I can’t, I can’t, I can’t-" 
Everyone watched as Shari tilted her head back and screamed.


Chapter 20: Breathe 

Zeke didn’t say a word until she stopped screaming. “Breathe.”
Shari took a deep breath and then another. Her body had to move, it was an itch that no matter how hard she scratched, it only itched more. Now, she could take another breath. Her body was winding down like an old fashioned wind up doll, losing her energy and the need to move. The relief was short lived as she felt the physical result of everything she had done. Every muscle ached, even muscles she didn’t know she had. Her throat was so dry and sore from lack of water. Even her own bones were ready to crack under her own body weight. “...ooh.”
 “It’s okay Share, your body overworked itself," Zeke said, "I think it’s time we have a talk now that you can listen.”
Shari couldn't grant his request though as her conscious slipped away.
Zeke bounced his feet as he checked on Shari once again. He could not risk her waking up and taking off again. He had gone ahead and cleaned her dishes, vacuumed her house and even dusted the whole place in an effort to keep busy while he waited on her. No time to play, so might as well do something useful. Most of his occupying thoughts focused on the last tidbits he would have to overcome to secure the deal. Tracy, her fear of JNSQ, and her career. If Shari's job needed her to stand still, she would have to find another one or get more time off. Now that she had been discovering her true identity, she'd be playing and moving around all day for awhile. Her sister he couldn't help her with, she'd be up to her. For the JNSQ, Gregory had been the key. He already asked the boy about one of his parents inventions, The Stick. With time, Gregory had found a few simple The Sticks, but it would be a great start. 
He had been in the middle of cleaning windows when he heard her move, and he proceeded to her room. “Good afternoon, Shari. Beautiful day?” Shari gave a slight moan as Zeke went to her side and gave her some water he had poured. “Here you go, this'll make you chipper again.” He picked up some grapes that had also been beside the water. “These too. They'll be easier to swallow for you.”
Shari groaned as she sat up. That act alone must have taken effort as she drank some water and ate a few grapes. “...ow.”
Zeke couldn’t help a chuckle. “What do you expect? You’ve been through houses, climbing houses, and you’ve run so much that you could have completely run across Lost Secret at least five times. Don’t worry, some food and water will make you feel better in no time.” He watched as she struggled to get out of bed. “Why didn’t you bother telling me when you first felt all that energy? You could have saved yourself some trouble.”
“I was an idiot," said Shari as she ate another grape. “I didn’t want you thinking you were getting closer to winning because you’re not.”
“Yes, of course not.” Zeke didn’t believe her. “Once you’re feeling better we're heading on over to Gregory's.” He stood up. “Now, before you go sailing out the window, we should talk about how to find your balance. First of all don’t run as fast as your body will carry you. The more you do, the more your body will crave." He got on the ground and started to do push-ups. “Don’t go as fast as you can, moderation.” He slowly switched to sit-ups. “Moderate.” He stood back up. “If you can, try doing little play activities. Things like the swing and the slide would give you some breaks."
Shari rolled her eyes. “What do you mean, moving is like caffeine now?”
“Well, not exactly.” Zeke laughed. “Moving is great, but not a whole lot at one time, understand?"
“Yeah.” Shari tried getting out of bed. “Start running as fast as you can and, you’ll be balancing on top of a satellite dish. I swear my heart was going to explode.” She took a deep breath. “I can finally relax.” She looked over at him with her eyebrow raised. "When you have all this energy inside of you, when do you find time to relax? Or do I not get to know about your relaxation techniques yet?"
Zeke felt his body tense up. "Well I don't know what-" He stopped. "Timmers lies, all the time."
"I saw it Mister Perfect. When I first came to consciousness after the car accident." Shari laughed, "Oh come on, everyone has to have a little sin within," she winked. "Even sweet big kids like you."
Zeke twitched his fingers. "You were out of it."
"Uh huh." Shari didn't believe him.
"You saw your sister too, and she wasn't there. Your mind was playing tricks," Zeke continued to lie.
"It lets you relax, doesn't it?" Shari held up her fingers in a peace sign. "That's how you got the real nickname Hippie from him? Who started the name calling first, I wonder." 
“The need for exercise will come back soon, so remember what I said." Zeke veered her off the subject. "The urge will occur more than once at the beginning, but do your best to keep it in check. It’ll get easier as time goes by, then you won't even notice it much.”
“Yeah I gotcha, Coach.” Shari took a few steps as she felt her energy coming back. “My body’s aching.” She forced herself to lift a leg. “Oh!”
“It’s already coming back? Remember what I said,” Zeke reminded her, “in fact, we’ll walk to Gregory’s. Just walk. You'll want to break out into a run, but ignore it.”
“I can’t run,” Shari took another few steps. She groaned and looked at Zeke. “Anything else you need to warn me about?”
Zeke looked at her quizzically as he thought for a moment. “Let’s go to Gregory’s, one step at a time.”
Shari stared at the small selection of sticks. They had gone to Gregory's and the young boy handed her a box full of sticks. "Sticks?”
“The Sticks.” Gregory replied. “Have you heard of The Sticks? They tell you amount of fat, amount of saturated fat, amount of sugar, and amount of salt. They were a popular fad in the eighties, my mom and dad made them. I’ll get you more The Sticks soon when they visit, maybe in a month or so. They are still in production in small outlets." 
“Now you don’t have to worry about anything,” Zeke said, “You will be able to eat more food again than organic, but you still need to be careful, especially around sweets. They can still kill you. However with this, there is no need to be afraid or to second guess. Test anything you want.”
“Guaranteed to work,” Gregory said. “You can even use it to test fried food. I mean, if you could eat fried food."
Shari picked up a The Stick. A single stick that could determine if there was something lurking beneath. She had heard of the trend years ago, but they were out of her cost. She'd never guess they were still in existence. “I can start to eat more again." She smiled over at Gregory. "I can’t believe you got these for me. Thanks, Gregory, they will be useful.”
“Don’t thank me, thank Zeke.” Gregory said. “He’s the one who wanted it, I only had to go down to the basement and find some extras.”
Shari looked over at Zeke and gave him a half smile. “Thanks, Coach.”
“No need to thank me,” Zeke grinned. “Getting you off the medication is all the thanks I need. Just be careful with the amounts, you are still in training, don't overdo it and have a hamburger. Start simple.”
Shari fiddled with a stick ignoring Zeke’s comment. Something so basic, yet life saving. She took the lid for the box that Gregory handed to her but noticed something behind him. “What are you doing with a Beta System?”
“Huh? Oh, that.” Gregory groaned. “Timothy gave it to me in exchange for our old moverizer, but he didn’t even have one game for it.”
“Oh. So that robotic device was yours. You must have some parents all right. And you enjoy playing games.” Shari noticed. Of course, what kid didn't? “Tell you what, I’ll get you a few games for it.”
“What?” Gregory stared at her strangely.
“I gave that extra system to Timothy, but he wasn’t interested in it,” Shari said. “I’m a beta system tester and designer, that’s our latest project. When you can’t do much but lay around a house, you end up finding some unusual jobs.”
“You’re one of the legendary Beta designers?” Gregory’s mouth dropped as he stared at Shari. “Will you marry me?”
Shari gave him an odd look and then a smirk. “You’re a little young and I’m involved,” Shari chuckled, “how about being a surveyor instead? I haven’t recruited anyone from Lost Secret because I didn’t know how long I'd stay.” 
“A surveyor? You mean the voluntary testers who are approved to play the latest games and rate them? A-and talk to designers?” Gregory said all in one mouthful. “Yes!” He pointed to the box. "I'll get you more The Sticks right away too, no less than a month. My mother and father always visit once a month to come see me."
“Thanks.” Shari looked at the box, trying not to dwell on what Gregory said. Once a month visitation? “Ready, Coach?”
“Yes.” Zeke waved goodbye to Gregory. Although, something had been nagging at him. Shari no longer had to be scared of anything, she could test whatever she wanted. Freedom from fear. Finding her balance or not, she felt the surge and freedom that no more medication could bring to people like them. Why didn’t she shout in loud hoorays and jump in the air? This was a thousand times better than what Timmers Varmint came up with. “Share?”
Shari looked back at him. “I’ll continue through the deal, but if on the last day you want to back out, you should.” She warned him. Her subtle way of letting him know he hadn’t won he guessed. “I think I can jog a bit.”
Zeke was far from pleased. What else would make her happy? “You like The Sticks? There’s no reason to be afraid of anything now, especially hidden ingredient amounts. No guessing.”
“I know, I get how they work,” Shari answered back as she continued to jog. 
“Your sister won't be a difficult problem. I mean if you need an extra hand, I can help you talk to her.” Zeke tried to encourage her as they ran. “Financially, I won’t let you sink, and if Timmers likes you enough he would help too.”
Shari gave him a dispassionate look. “I’m not a handout, I told you that.”
“Temporarily.” Zeke added. “So?”
“So what?” Shari asked dumbly. “No, I'm still going back to medication.”
Zeke stopped in front of her. “You will find your balance; you’re already doing an awesome job. Don’t you feel free?”
Shari jogged around him. “I’m not going to give up regular food for this.”
“That's what The Sticks are for. You'll be able to choose and eat some more foods now, you've found your balance." Zeke pointed right behind him at her. “The only thing you can't have is anything sweet."
"Well, I want sweets." Shari declared. "I love sweets and-" Shari stopped in mid sentence to answer her phone. “Tracy?” Her face lit up. “You’re coming to visit with Sammy? Great. Sure, it’s no problem.” She hit end on her phone. “I have visitors coming soon. Don’t frighten them off, and don’t say any more than you have to. Okay, Coach?”
“I won't say anything mean,” Zeke nodded as he realized what he said last time. “I can't believe I said that. If I had known, I would have never  said something so careless.”
“You still don’t know anything,” Shari reminded him, “not around Tracy or Sammy.”
“Okay, but who's Sammy?” Zeke asked. “Tracy’s husband?”
“No, Tracy doesn’t have a husband.” Shari informed him before he made another giant mistake. “Sammy, well Samantha, is her daughter.”
“Okay, anything else I should know?” Zeke asked. “I don’t want to mess up again.”
“Just don’t call Tracy, Kari, and you’ll be fine.” Shari took a deep breath. “This is getting easier.”
“It’s not hard to find the balance when you understand where it lies,” Zeke said. “So, you feel great?”
“I feel fantastic.” Shari said without thinking. “I mean, I'm okay.”
“Ah, ah.” Zeke grinned proudly. “I caught it.”
Shari groaned. “Don’t say anything about this deal. I plan on being fine in less than two weeks, tell her that if you have to say something, or leave me be.”
“Not yet, I want to stay close for a couple of hours. I don’t want to find you on top of Gregory’s house again.” Zeke chuckled as he pointed at her in a friendly gesture. “You’re lucky he was watching television.”
“His parents must be advance inventors,” Shari said. "I hope it runs in the blood, and then he’ll be perfect for a surveyor.” She paused a moment and bit her lip. "Zeke, do you know who his parents are? The kids never seem to talk about any of theirs. Even Rebecca calls the man she lives with Marcus. Who is he, her father? Her uncle?"
“That’s none of my concern,” Zeke simply said, "why would I worry about that? I've heard of many parents, but it's nothing to dwell on. As long as the kids are happy and playing all day in the streets, everything will always be fine." He noticed her disturbed crooked eyebrow cocked in his direction. "What?"
Shari scoffed, "You picked the wrong color for your shades."
"What?" Zeke felt offended. He'd always loved his shades. "What's wrong with these?"
"They aren't rose-colored, like your ideals," Shari said as she looked away.


Chapter 21: Tima

 Timothy looked around carefully as he dropped his letter into the mailbox. No Hippie, no Shari and only a few tempies messing around the area. “That'll work.”
“Tima!”
“Oh no,” Timothy didn’t even bother looking down as he felt an all too familiar squeeze on his legs. What were they doing there already? He looked down and saw the brunette curly haired annoyance he had known from his stay in Calibri City. Her bright green eyes were smiling up at him as she jumped up and down on his leg. “Sammy, why aren’t you in the city, where you belong?”
“Well 'Tima', I didn’t even notice it was you,” Tracy said from beside him. “Hi there, honey. What are you doing at the mailbox?”
“Tima?” Simps and Pat turned around and caught Timothy looking awkwardly away. Damn! He hadn't seen those permies in the area.
Caught by a toddler too. “Playing.” Timothy tried to pretend. “Let go, Sammy.” 
“Tima!” Sammy laughed as she yanked harder on Timothy.
“She'd recognize you anywhere,” Tracy laughed as she picked Sammy up. “We’re going to go see Shari, want to come? Sammy’s missed her Tima.”
“Tima.” Pat chuckled and looked at Simps. “Timmers is Tima.” They both giggled together.
Timothy stomped his foot. Great, now Timmers was going to turn into Tima as soon as the hippie started to call him that. Whatever Mister Drum Circle started, the others would mimic. That was how the last nickname got stuck, and half the kids thought his name had been Timmers. “No, I don’t want to come. I have things to do.” Best to stay away, Tima would not be his new label.
“Okay I’ll see you, Grumpy.” Tracy laughed. “Say by to Tima, Sammy.”
Timothy heard the kids laugh behind him. He bitterly grumbled and walked away. 


“Remember you’re my trainer,” Shari reminded Zeke again as she did some light stretching against her couch. “Don’t apologize for the last time, it’ll cause more tension.”
“I get it, I'll be good,” Zeke said yet again, “and I promise, nothing will drop out of my mouth."
Shari had done one more stretch before she heard a knock. When she opened it, Tracy appeared with Sammy. “Hi, Tracy.”
“Hey, Shari. Sammy, wave hi.” Tracy grabbed Sammy’s hand and helped him wave hi. “It’s your Aunt Shari.” She put Sammy down and walked over to Shari. “How have you been? I haven’t stopped by for a few weeks now for a visit. Only that emergency visit,” She smiled. “How’s your progress? Any information about your medication adjustment?”
“Not yet, like I told you last time,” Shari said keeping the lie simple.
“Well aren’t you a cute one." Zeke looked at Sammy up and down. Blue overalls, curly brunette, and she had freckles similar to him. It was a rare occasion he met someone so young because children below five weren't allowed in Lost Secret without guardians. "Can you clap? Hands out in front, clap.”
The two sisters talked for a time, Shari doing some exercises during the conversation, but not missing a beat. Zeke hadn’t said a word as he continued playing with Samantha. He hadn't even noticed Shari left for the bathroom, until he heard Tracy talk to him.
“So, why’d you call me Kari, mister?”
Yep, that was to him. Zeke looked over at Tracy and smiled as politely as he could manage. Considering his mistake last time, he wanted to be careful. “I heard Share daydream once, that’s all. I’m sorry about that.”
“Makes sense,” Tracy shrugged her shoulders. “Do you know about Kari?” She scoffed. “Yeah right, I’m sure your 'Share' didn’t tell you. You're her coach, so you ought to know that my sister had a twin. She died when she was twelve from a condition called JNSQ.”
Zeke nodded. Tracy was more comfortable talking about Kari than Shari was. “She did tell me that.”
Tracy chuckled oddly. “That’s good, Mister Coach. Or do you prefer your real name, Zeke?” Zeke chuckled and shook her hand. At least she was more open. “Firm. So, Zeke?” Zeke paid close attention, wondering what she would say about Shari’s medication. “Married?”
“Married? No,” Zeke said. 
“Oh. Girlfriend?” Tracy chuckled.
“N-no?” Zeke noticed the odd look he was seeing from her. 
“Really?” Tracy giggled. "Timothy always seemed to think you were a bit 'hippie.' Do you believe in free love? Hmm?"
The vibes that Tracy gave him didn't feel right and Zeke took a step back. “No, I'm not a hippie, he says that in jest.” He looked back down at Sammy. “Do you want to practice dancing again?”
Tracy laughed. “Fine, I get the hint. Can’t blame a girl for trying. So, tell me the truth, isn’t there some other way to keep Shari alive without her medication until the situation’s figured out? I don’t like all this happening to her.”
 Zeke answered, “no, there’s not," as he tried to teach Sammy a high five. “Moving and playing is good for her.”
“No it’s not.” Tracy disagreed. “It’s cruel. And playing? She's way too old to be playing.”
Oh great, her sister was one of those people? Zeke tried to be civil. “It's not cruel, it’s healthy.”
“Not for her. You don’t get it, she loved playing around when she was younger.” Tracy sighed. “She’s happy right now, extremely, I can tell. It’s going to be cruel when she has it taken away again.”
Uncomfortable vibes or not, Zeke stopped playing with Sammy and focused back on Tracy. “Well, what if she didn’t? What if she found a way around her current medication? She could stay in Lost Secret and play for the rest of her life.”
“A new medication that would let her play?” Tracy chuckled. “Sounds amusing, childish but nice. Doesn't matter, she’d never go for it. She has no choice right now, moving around is required to live. After this, there’s no way she would switch to a new medication, even if it did allow her to move.”
“Why?” Zeke urged her. Tracy was her sister and she did know her the best. “If it makes her happy, why would she never give in?” He heard a flushing sound from the bathroom, but he hoped her sister could answer him. He’d done everything he could do to get Shari to change her mind, so anything at all Tracy had to say would be useful.
Tracy's smile changed to one with a hint of sadness. “She thinks Kari’s death is her fault, and she always said if Kari couldn’t be alive then-" She stopped as Shari came back out. “Hey, Shari.”
Shari began doing stretches as soon as she came out. “So when will you be coming back?”
“In about a month,” Tracy said as she went over to Sammy who was clinging and jumping next to Zeke. “Come on sweetie, let’s let Zeke go. He’s not coming home with us.” She winked at him. “Are you freckle cutie?”
Zeke took another step backward for full measure. This newcomer was weird, plain and simple.
“Tracy,” Shari rolled her eyes, “I’ll see you next month.”
“Okay. Wave bye bye to Aunt Shari,” Tracy held Sammy’s hands and had her wave goodbye. “And wave goodbye to Zeke,” She nodded at her sister. “I’ll see you soon.” She winked at Zeke again, “you too, Coach. Bye.”
Shari was bouncing her legs as her sister left. “Okay, we need to get out, I gotta move. These short stretches aren’t tough enough.” She noticed the look on Zeke’s face. “Are you okay?”
Zeke wrinkled his eyebrow. “Yes. Your sister is different.”
Shari gave him a small chuckle. “Sorry, that's Tracy for you. She’s having fun. She tortured Timothy the same way when he visited,” she said before she jogged out the door. “Are you coming, Coach?” Shari looked back at Zeke. “I’ve gotta move, come on, let’s go.”


Chapter 22: Big Boy

Good thing I had the letter overnighted, Timothy thought as he watched Shari move all over his house again. If only those kids hadn't been there at the mailbox the other day. Left, right, left, up, right, down. “It’s past seven, go to sleep!”
“I’m not tired,” Shari informed him. “Not a bit.” She started doing arm stretches to her right. “Tracy might want me to visit the city after this whole ordeal. Would you want to visit again?” She switched and did arm stretches to her left. 
“Back to the city?” Timothy groaned. “Just tons of noise there. Cars honking, and people shouting. Don’t forget the toddler pest and the flirt level in that place.” He pursed his lips a moment. “Then again, your sister bakes some of the best things I’ve ever eaten, and she never has any qualms about fat. It depends on how long.” Timothy settled on. “Can’t you calm down?”
“Sure, soon.” Shari took a deep breath. She knew nighttime wouldn’t be easy. “I’m sure.” Oh no, she knew that feeling. “I need to leave the place, but I’m not going to run like crazy, so don’t worry.”
Timothy yawned. “Fine, but be ready to go to sleep when you come back. In fact, make sure you don’t come back until you are,” he added.
So caring, Shari thought sarcastically as she made her way out. A little more running, that’s all.

Shari walked along the walls of Lost Secret on her hands. She wouldn't go too fast on her hands, not as fast as her feet. As much as she wanted too. Moderate, moderate, moderate. What was that? Shari stopped and flipped off the wall. She went over to her right and looked around. Every once in awhile, she had a feeling someone had been in trouble. It was how she had noticed Simps so fast the first day she came back to Lost Secret. It was a sense she’d been born with. It'd never been that strong, could never be seen as an authentic super power, but lately her senses had been expanding. She walked around trying to figure out what was wrong. Shari looked in an open window at Simps who was sleeping. His face was all contorted, he must have been having a nightmare. Poor kid. She shook Simps awake gently.
“It’s a real one, It’s a real...uh?” Simps woke up. “Whew. Oh...” He fell back to sleep.
Shari shook her head. People left everything open and unlocked in Lost Secret, it was a safe town, but she'd never do such a thing. She jogged off again to find some more walls to hand-run. Thank Japanese Animation for that idea. In the middle of her thoughts, she was stopped by an unexpected visit from Zeke.
Zeke scratched his head, “What are you doing here?” 
“Couldn’t sleep,” Shari confessed. “I’m not running everywhere, give me some credit.”
“I came for Simps,” Zeke said. “How did you know he had a bad dream? He didn’t make a sound until you woke him up.”
“Just did,” Shari said. 
“Really?” Zeke bounced on his toes. “Did you sense him?”
“I just knew,” Shari repeated, not expanding. She never knew how she did it, and she never talked about it with anyone.
“In close distances, you can sense others anxiety?” Zeke smiled. 
“Sometimes,” Shari didn’t like talking about it much. She didn't need to get labeled with a superpower, those only caused problems for citizens who didn't go for Adventurer. Extra taxes, certified tests she had to register and pay for, it was a pain. "It's not sixth sense, I swear."
"Neither's mine," Zeke said. "I wonder. The sense has become clearer lately?” Zeke looked like he was ready to jump up and down. “Right?”
“Yeah, I guess without pills I sense better?” Shari asked curiously.
“I thought it was me, not the condition. I know what you feel.” Zeke motioned in the air with his hands. “I don’t believe it, it comes with our condition? I never knew. It's not a sixth sense, it is hypersensitivity.”
“Okay,” Shari looked back over at the wall anxiously. “Great, you discovered something. Can I go now?”
“Oh,” Zeke looked over at the walls. “You really need to get to bed, it'll get harder if you don’t get some sleep.”
“Look, be happy I haven’t taken off in a wild run yet,” Shari said as she tapped her foot.
“Remember, deep breaths,” Zeke tried to help her. “Your body needs to rest, this is the only chance it gets.” He yawned. “Even I am tired, it’s time to go home. So go and rest.”
“Sure yeah,” Shari lied. 
"Your home is closer than Timmers place, let’s try and get you to sleep there,” Zeke suggested.
Shari tried to breathe. Go to sleep? How? She jogged with him to her place and let him in. She went over to her bedroom door. “Okay, I got it from here.”
“Yeah right, once I leave you'll be off again,” Zeke was beginning to know her too damn well. “You need to calm down. Climb in bed.”
Shari opened her door and climbed in bed. “There.”
“Now take a deep breath again,” Zeke yawned, “come on.” Shari took a deep breath. “Another one,” Zeke yawned again. “Keep taking deep breaths until I say quit.”
Shari continued to take deep breaths, over and over. “I’m not getting any more tired.” She jostled her feet under the covers and scratched her head over and over, still needing to move.
“I see,” Zeke crossed his arms. “What helps to relax you?”
Shari tried to think. “I like sleeping in Timothy's arms. I'm a cuddler.” She smiled. “Okay, I guess I will say a phrase I never thought I had to say,” Zeke chuckled. “Let’s get you to Timothy’s, so you can sleep in his arms.”
“No can do.” Shari was fighting the urge to stand up and start jumping on the bed. “Timothy’s asleep by now, and he’s cranky if you wake him up shortly after he went to sleep. So grumpy there’s no way he’d let me do that. Try again.” She stood up in the bed jumped on it, not being able to fight the need anymore. “Just let me move already.”
“No, Shari, you’re going to make it harder on yourself.” Zeke tried to convince her as she continued to jump up and down on her bed. “Okay, you wait here and try not to jump too much. I’ll get someone I know will make you tired.” 
“How? Who could help?” Shari stopped jumping and looked at him quizzically.
“Someone I know,” Zeke persuaded her. "Okay? I’ll be right back.”
Shari started jumping up and down on the bed again. Someone who was supposed to put her to sleep? Doubtful. She flipped off her bed, and walked around her house on the palms of her hands. If she set foot on the ground with her feet, she knew she would instinctively bolt. Don’t run, don’t run, don’t run. Oh, she was as good as dead, there was no way she would beat this feeling.
Shari’s eyes began to droop as she listened to a woman named Anne talk about her favorite passion. Collecting floss. For fifteen minutes so far.
"And the pink edition only lasted two months." Anne continued in a drawl and slow voice. Her words were more than boring, they were slow. It was like taking a regular conversation and playing it back in slow motion. "I bought all four hundred and two…? No, no, I bought all four hundred and three. Yes, three. It started with medium salmon colored floss, then puce colored floss, with another twist of salmon color inside puce. See, every special edition had a slightly different color. Oh, I should have said that before. Anyway, so there's also hot pink, and I bought twenty four hot pinks because hot pink is…ummm…hot."
Zeke grinned behind Anne as she gave her speech. He had already been tired, but the jerk clearly had earplugs in his ears.
“And so, I hope you decide to join World Online for Flossing Fanatics.” Anne finished. "WOFF."
Zeke clapped and laughed. “Great job, Anne. Thanks for coming out so late to let Shari know about the wonderful world of floss." He patted her on the shoulder. “She appreciates it, I'm sure."
“Oh no problem,” Anne insisted. “I was in the middle of counting my original, authentic collection of green.” She yawned and looked over at Shari. “Good night and I hope you join WOFF. There's a lot of hip people there.”
Shari couldn’t even reply as she watched Anne leave her room. 
“Now take deep breaths.” Zeke's steady voice was not needed as Shari lugged herself into bed, her body accepting that it was time to relax. Now that it was ready, she felt like a block of cement. She didn't even remember if she said goodnight as her body decided it was time to withdraw.
“Playing is so fun, Timothy.” Timothy mocked Shari’s voice as he sat on his couch bitterly. “This is so great, you wouldn't believe the pounds I've shed.” He mocked her again. “Uck.” He flipped through his television. “Oh, I want my Shari back.”
“So do I.”
Timothy looked back and saw Tracy holding Sammy. “What? She isn’t here, she’s out running around. Go away.”
“I know. I got a letter.” Tracy frowned at him. “An anonymous letter saying she’s not on medication because of a bet? That she likes the way it is working, and she’s seriously considering staying off for good.” She glared at him. “I know it was from you. She is so dead if she chooses that. You know that’s not safe, why didn’t you stop her?”
“I tried,” Timothy insisted. “I tried, I tried, I tried.” He crossed his arms. “I bought a machine, I threw some money at doctors, but that didn't work. You don’t get it, Zeke always wins, and whatever that hippie wants he gets. He wanted Shari to get off medication, and he's going to win. What do you want me to do? Even if I trick her into medication, she’ll stop again. I am stuck.”
“Not anymore,” Tracy smiled at him. “Hi Timothy. I’m moving into your house. My stuff’s just outside.”
“What?” Timothy scoffed. “Who said?”
“I said,” Tracy snapped her fingers. “now help the movers get it.”
“What, are you serious?” Timothy laughed. “No way. I may have sent the letter you got, or maybe I didn't. I do need help, but I never agreed to anyone moving in.” He was surprised to see her come around and pull him up by the front of his shirt.
“I am going to move into Lost Secret and make sure my sister gets back on that medication,” Tracy pushed him back down. “Now are you going to help the movers or not?”
Timothy had never seen this unplayful side of Tracy before. “Sammy will make noise all day.”
“Not as much as you if you don’t get off your ass and open your garage,” Tracy warned him.
Timothy scoffed. “I know you have the money to rent your own place. What makes you think that-”
“I’m from the city, Big Boy, and if you don’t think I know a thousand different ways, or people who can turn you into a pretzel, then you don’t know me that well.” Tracy chuckled out of the blue. “Try me.”
Timothy got up from the couch. “You’re much different than you were in Calibri City.”
“Shari’s family. I love my family, and I have to take care of them. I’m a friendly and open person when I’m in a pleasant mood and everything is swell,” Tracy informed him, “but that doesn’t mean I pussyfoot around when it’s vital. By the time I’m done with Shari, she’ll be begging for her medication.” She looked around the house. “Air freshener is a real must in this place.”
“You can’t come in here and demand that I let you in,” Timothy whined and stomped his foot. “This isn’t fair.”
“Then go get your Champion Paladin, baby.” Tracy replied. “Ooh, Lost Secret’s Paladin. Yeah sure, go get him,” she chuckled. “He’ll be easy to get past, he’s so offended by my style he’ll run a block away to avoid me.”
“No surprise there,” Timothy groaned. “If, and only if, I let you into my house, do you swear that you won’t bug me to-“
“You want your bachelor life, I get it.” Tracy frowned. “I don’t care if you feel like chasing cars on a freeway, do whatever you want. As long as Sammy doesn’t get hurt.” She pointed at Timothy dangerously. “If Sammy does get hurt, you better run.” She smiled out of nowhere again. “Now, let’s get past this already. I’m friendly and easy to get along with as long as you don’t piss me off. Besides, the more time we argue about this, the further Shari slips away. After all, the longer Shari runs without medication, the harder it will be to get her back on.”
“She’ll be back to normal? Twenty four seven?” Timothy asked. 
“Yep. You just have one small part,” Tracy said, “You have to break up with Shari.”
“I have to what?” Timothy shook his head. “No way. Even involving you with that letter…I mean, if it was me-”
“Well, what I meant to say is, events that happen will most likely break you up.” Tracy corrected herself. “Then I’ll help you win her back, she gets back on her medication when it is safe, I move back to Calibri, and we all live happily ever after.”
“I have to lose her?” Timothy moaned. "I don't want to lose her, that's why the letter was an anonymous tip from a stranger."
“You’re going to eventually,” Tracy scoffed. “Hello? You stay in a house all day while she’s spending all day with another man. Think about it.”
Timothy waved her off. “They’re already friends, but she's mine.”
“Okay, let me try again.” Tracy groaned. “You’re an idiot who spends all day in this house, while she is out in the sunshine hanging out with an athletic, muscle bound guerilla of a hottie who people tend to worship.”
Timothy looked at her oddly. “Zeke? No!” He waved his hand. “Zeke is a Champion Paladin. He's a regular weird Lost Secret citizen. He’s not interested in girls.”
“Are you willing to bet Shari on that?” Tracy asked suspiciously.
Timothy moaned. “I really have to lose her?”
“You’ll gain her back, with interest.” Tracy declared. “By the time I’m done she will have an ironclad medication prescription, and if you want, you’ll have an ironclad relationship. So?”
“I’d never lose her,” Timothy was confident about that. “I do want my Shari back. No more exercising, moving, and playing like a child.” He groaned. “I don’t even know you, how do I know you can accomplish what you say?”
“I got myself moved into your house in less than five minutes.” Tracy quirked up her lip as she held up his ratting-Shari-out letter. “How convincing do you think I am? If you didn't think I could do it, you wouldn't waste the time.”
“Moved?” Timothy looked behind him and saw the last of the movers dropping a box on the floor. She had been keeping him preoccupied. Wow, those movers were quiet.
“Now I need the garage opened for the big stuff,” Tracy smiled. “Like my big screen?”
Timothy grumbled once but walked over to the garage door. He could kick her out, probably get in trouble with someone powerful she knew, he’d have to shout for the Paladin, but Zeke wouldn’t be able to do much but talk. After all, that's all the Hippie did. Peace, love and useless talk. Afterwards, he’d get hurt anyway. This was not a fair deal, but he wouldn’t have to risk anything. Then, on the other hand, this new Shari was far from her old self anyway. She couldn’t even stand to watch television with him without doing a handstand now. No way, he needed his Shari, not the thing the Paladin created. He had to risk it. Besides, something in his gut said if anyone could turn Shari, it’d be her sister. He pushed a button and his garage door roared open.
Whether he liked it or not, it was time to start playing with others.


Chapter 23: Play Hard

Shari knocked on Timothy's door. She stopped training long enough to see Timothy since he called. She saw the door start to open. "So what's the big emergency Timo-"
“Me.”
Shari saw Tracy behind Timothy and her smile faded. “Hi, Tracy.”
“Hi, Shari.” Tracy smiled almost the same way. “Or Share, as the cutie seems to like. How are you?”
“Fine?” Shari said suspicious of the way her sister said that statement. “What are you doing at Timothy’s?”
“She moved in,” Timothy said. “She did it, she made me. She threatened to have me hurt.” He pointed at Tracy. “You have no idea what your sister can do.”
“You’d be surprised.” Oh Shari knew her sister would be a problem if she found out, but she didn’t think she’d move into Timothy’s. Things were not looking that well anymore. “Tracy, you really don’t understand.”
“What don’t I understand?” Tracy placed her hands on her hips. “That you’ve been off your medication on purpose for a bet? A bet to make that big lug go on his medication? Sounds great, sounds humane, he needed to be. It’s safe there,” she growled. “You are caving though, and that’s not OK. You are going to get yourself hurt that way.” She pointed at her sister dangerously. “Shari, you need to get back on that medication, or we’re gonna dance.” She burst out into a chuckle. “Not the way you want to.”
Shari took a step back. “Tracy, I know you're upset and scared, but you don’t need to be. I told you the truth, and I promise, I’ll be fine.”
“No one’s fine when a donut can kill them,” Tracy growled. “Why did you take this bet?”
“The hippie refused to leave her alone. He bugged her and bugged her and bugged her,” Timothy answered for her. “It was against her will.”
"Timothy," Shari squinted at him. "You told?"
“Anonymous letter from someone concerned," Tracy stood up for him. "So the hottie is the real one to blame? Well, he’ll get his then too. She’s got eight days to make up her mind.” She turned her attention back to Shari. “I’m giving you one chance right now, honey.” Tracy smiled as she picked up Sammy who had been walking around the area. “Don’t go against family. Say you’ll go back to the medication today and I will leave Timothy’s and your whole life alone. You can stay and live in Lost Secret all you want. Come on, Shari, do what’s right.”
Tracy. Oh no, Tracy wanted her on it so much she wasn’t only angry, she was gonna fight against it. Shari took a deep breath. Her sister wasn’t exactly the most innocent of people. Whatever she had ever wanted, she always got in the past. It didn’t matter what it was. She even knew people who, if she couldn’t get it, they could. If Shari was smart, she’d give into her wishes. Tangling with her was not something she wanted to do. But she didn't know if she wanted to go back. Timothy's words and the Paladin's words had mixed up in her mind so much since she began the bet. Shari took another deep breath. How far this would go, and how she would fare, she had no idea, but she couldn’t give in. Not until she figured it out for herself. “I don’t want to go back to medication yet, Tracy. I’m sorry, but I’m finishing this bet, and that’s all there is to it.”
Tracy stared at her as if she were mentally imbalanced. “Is this affecting your brain too? Are you slowly becoming insane? Shari Kari Johnson, are you going to take me on?”
Shari didn’t respond quickly. “I don’t know if I want to go back, for sure.”
“Fine!” Tracy put Sammy back down. “You could have made this a lot easier on yourself, but I guess if you want to play the hard way, then we’ll play.”


Chapter 24: Homeless

Shari ran home, knowing the first thing Tracy would want to go after. She took out her keys to try and unlock the door. “She beat me.” Great, now she’d have to reason directly to the owner of the estate. She went to find Pat. Shari didn't know many of the parents, but she did know his father owned most residencies of Lost Secret. “Pat.” Shari put on a smile when she found Zeke playing two square with Rebecca. “Hi there, could you do me a favor? I need to talk to your dad.”
Pat moved his glasses downward. “No one talks to my dad.”
“I have a small renting problem, and I need to talk to him,” Shari explained.
“He doesn’t talk for small problems,” Pat replied.
“Okay,” Shari shrugged her shoulders. “It’s a big renting problem, I can’t get into my own house.”
“Mmmm,” Pat groaned. “Why can’t you get into your house?”
“My sister locked me out and changed the locks,” Shari said. “Please?”
Pat groaned again. “Fine.” He pulled out a pen and notepad then wrote down a number. “Destroy it after you call it, and don’t let anyone else see it. It’s his private number.”
“Thank you,” Shari took the number gratefully. She pulled out her cell phone and dialed the number. She received a brusque grunt and rude 'who is this'. Definitely a busy man, no time for even a hello. “Hello, I’m Shari Kari Johnson, a renter of-”
"Already dealt with the situation. The new owner, Tracy Johnson, will legally allow you take out your stuff without hassle, ask." The man had said before he hung up.
“Well, I’m homeless.” Shari shrugged her shoulders. “My sister bought the house I was renting.”
“Is that legal?” 
Shari saw Rebecca appear by her side. “She was renting it for me, so technically, yes.”
“Uh oh,” Rebecca said, “What about all your things?”
“She’ll let me have it, but where would I put it?” Shari tapped her chin with her finger. “Maybe I can move in with...” she rolled her eyes. “That’s why she moved in with Timothy.”
“Your sister moved in with Timothy?” Rebecca gave her a weird look. “Are you serious? Okay, can you rent another place?” 
“No, I don’t make enough at my...job.” Shari pulled out her phone again. If her sister wanted to pull out all the stops, the next thing she'd tangle with would be that. Shari argued on the phone but didn't fare well.  She hung up her phone and chewed on its antennae trying to think. Shari had told her boss she had a medical emergency and needed a month off. Tracy had gone ahead and gave them an anonymous tip to follow up into it. After snooping around, they knew it was no emergency. “Fired.” The small income she held for herself was now gone. “Homeless and jobless in the same day,” she chuckled, “kind of funny how that worked.”
“She got you fired,” Rebecca gasped. “Your homeless and you have no job. Now what?”
“I don’t know.” Shari’s house and her career were gone; that was a problem. There was no way Timothy could let her move in with Tracy still there. “I don’t want to give up yet. I want to see this through, make the decision on my own.  I can’t be homeless on the streets though. Can I?”
“I’ll ask Marcus if you can move in with us.” Rebecca smiled brightly. “He's my guardian.”
 Shari looked at her kindly. "Well, at least seeing wouldn’t hurt."
 They both ran to Marcus’s house. He was up front but...
“Wow! You’re talented at cleaning,” Tracy smiled at Marcus as he tidied up his yard. “It’s wonderful to see how well you take care of your house, Mister Abbacus. I like men who can take care of themselves.”
“Oh! Well, I have a girl I take care of named Rebecca also.” Marcus beamed.
“I’ve seen her around, she really is a nice girl.” Tracy continued to smile as she presented a cake she was holding. “Here you go. Just a little something from me to you. Saying thanks for being a good neighbor. I was inspired, everyone’s so lively and happy, especially the children.”
“Is that a cherry cheesecake?” Marcus took the food with delight. “Why, thank you. Yes, it's a charming town. I assure you, you are welcome to Lost Secret, Ms. Johnson.”
“Thank you very much.” She grinned at the Marcus. “No need for Ms. or Mrs., I’m friendly.”
“Yes, I can see that.” Sharina showed up beside her. “Oh look, a cheesecake for Marcus. Marcus? Do you like cheesecake?”
“Uhhh.” Marcus smiled awkwardly. “Good morning, Sharina, this is Tracy Johnson, our newest resident.”
“Yes, well.” Sharina looked her over. “...hi.” The hi seemed forced.
“Marcus? So that's your name.” Tracy complimented him.” She chuckled and tilted her head. “Feel free to call me Tracy.”
“Tracy? Yes, yes Tracy.” Marcus chuckled a little odd, his face turning red. “Okay then, call me Marcus.”
Sharina made a funny sound and stomped off.
“Uh oh. Sharina doesn’t like your sister much,” Rebecca said as they went closer. 
“Some will and some won’t,” Tracy replied. “Her blunt attitude is a trait you either love or hate.” 
“She must be up to something,” Rebecca crossed her arms. 
“Maybe, maybe not,” Shari chuckled. “Tracy makes friends easily; she has more friends than I know people. She might have a purpose this time though.”
Rebecca watched as Tracy left. “Well it doesn’t matter; I won’t fall for any ploy.” She ran up to her guardian. “Marcus, Shari has a problem.”
“Oh?” Marcus watched as Shari trotted over. “Oh hello Ms. Johnson, I met your sister. Ooh, she is lively.”
“Marcus,” Rebecca pulled on his arm gently. “Tracy made Shari homeless and got her fired.”
“Oh yeah, we talked about that.” Marcus patted Rebecca's head. “She doesn’t want to be mean, but she wants what is best for her sister.”
“Yeah, but isn’t that kind of over mean?” Rebecca tried to reason with him.
“Well, Zeke did stalk Shari Kari until he came up with some bet,” Marcus pointed out. “It all depends on your view. Now what can I help you out with, dear?”
Rebecca asked, “Can she stay with us?”
“Hmmm...” Marcus looked back at his house. “I don't know Rebecca. There's no more room  since you've come to live here. There’s also no extra bed or room for things.”
“Oh.” Rebecca looked back at Shari. “Sorry, Shari.”
“It’s okay,” Shari was in the middle of a handstand and flipped back up. For some reason, even though she was unemployed and homeless, a little playing around seemed to make her feel better. “I’ll figure out something I’m sure.”
“Maybe someone else has room?” The Marcus watched as Sharina crossed the street again. “Sharina? Do you have a spare bedroom at home?”
“No!”
“...okay.” Marcus seemed surprised at her reaction. “She is having a bad day for some reason.” He shrugged his shoulders but looked down at the cheesecake. 
“Darn,” Rebecca looked back at Shari. “Well, maybe someone else has room?”

“Well Gregory, we asked Pat and he said his parents wouldn’t approve.” Rebecca started to speak to Gregory. “It was a no with Simps and Tina too. Sharina doesn’t have room at all, and neither do we. Do you have room?”
“...” Gregory blinked and watched Shari as she did sit-ups. “I wish.” He gestured toward his couch. “She can sleep there. I don’t have any other room. The whole house is covered in previous inventions, new inventions and failed inventions from my parents. They've even bought a second home somewhere to start putting it someplace else.”
“Dangit.” Rebecca groaned. She looked over and watched Shari finish her sit-ups. “This is becoming a real emergency. Usually Zeke's around to help before it escalates.”
Shari wouldn’t say, but she knew. If he was like her, then he sensed trouble through increased anxiety. Her movement seemed to keep her nerves down though. Anxiousness, bad feelings, depressed or vengeful thoughts…weren’t relevant anymore. “I don’t know, but it’ll be OK. I’ll sleep at Gregory’s.”
“Sure,” Gregory coughed. “Yeah, that’ll be fine.”
“Don’t give up.” Rebecca insisted. “We have one more hope. If he's not coming to us, we'll go find him.”
“It’s not a big deal. I’ll run into him again,” Shari smiled a smile that said everything in life was okay. Rebecca didn’t get it. Shari was homeless and had no job anymore. She should be bouncing off the walls in frustration, but she was casually doing pull ups on Gregory’s door.
“You can be here more at night then too.” Gregory tried to speak straight. “Hang out.”
Rebecca looked at Gregory. It was always easy to determine who was born in Lost Secret and who wasn't. Gregory was two years older than her, but he had developed a crush on Shari and he even recognized it. Some residents, who genuinely liked each other, didn't understand the connection. Permies and permies born in Lost Secret respected each other though. “Come on Shari, let’s go.” Rebecca insisted as she ran outside. She'd spread the word and they'd find Zeke. He couldn't be too far. Shari shrugged her shoulders and followed along.


Chapter 25: Good Vibes

“What seems to be the problem?” Zeke smiled from behind a cart. Beside him was a little six year old brunette girl who looked nervous.  Rebecca waved hi to her. Sometimes when brand new young kids came, they needed help to figure out how to live. Lost Secret had no one that'd go out and buy things for everyone, it was all based on a government credit system, so even a five year old (the youngest age allowed in Lost Secret without a parent or guardian) had to learn how to shop for themselves.
“Shari. She’s...” Rebecca looked behind her but Shari was gone. She looked in front of her again and saw Shari in front of her skipping rope with a rope she grabbed from an aisle. “She’s jumpy.”
Zeke laughed, “That’s not a problem. Remember Shari, moderate.”
“I’m moderate,” Shari chuckled. “I like handstands, they’re fun.”
Rebecca groaned. Now was not the time for play. “Zeke? She’s in trouble. Her sister moved in to Lost Secret.”
“Well, that’s good too.” Zeke smiled. “Family is important.”
Rebecca wished he would can the role model talk, it didn't have a place right now. “Not this time. Shari is homeless, and she’s been fired from her job because of Tracy.” 
“Fired and homeless?” Zeke stopped leaning against the cart “That's not good at all.”
“It’s okay,” Shari stood back up beside Rebecca as she stopped skipping rope. “I’ll stay on Gregory’s couch.”
“On Gregory's couch?” Zeke didn’t seem so convinced that was a brilliant idea. "Rebecca, can you back up and tell me why she’s homeless?” 
“Tracy bought the house Shari was-" Rebecca looked at where Shari was, but she had gone again. She looked around. “-was renting and she paid the rent.” She looked around again and spotted Shari dribbling a ball in the middle of the aisle. Rebecca turned back to face Zeke, but now he was someplace else.
“That doesn’t sound good.”
Rebecca turned to her right and saw him holding Shari's hand, preventing her from playing anymore. “Tracy also got her fired, and she’s living with Timothy, so he can’t help her.”

“Her sister is living with Timothy?” Zeke tried to keep her still, so she would calm down, but he lost control of her as he had tried to understand what Rebecca said. Timothy didn’t like anyone except Shari, plus Tracy Johnson also had a small child. That didn't make much sense, maybe he had heard her wrong. “Are you absolutely sure it's Timothy Varmen?”
“Mmhm.” Shari giggled uncharacteristically. “Tracy is, well, she’s different. She doesn’t want me on this bet, so she’s going to make it hard on me.” She shrugged her shoulders. “I guess I’m a loner right now.”
Zeke clicked his tongue on the top of his mouth. “You’ve been fired and kicked out of your house, but you're still okay?” She had slipped into the last stage of their condition. He called it ‘good vibes’. It didn’t matter what happened, it would take a ton to make her angry. It had been years since Zeke had become upset until he trained Shari Kari the first few days. Even he could not resist that. Now that that torture was over, it'd be a long time before that happened again. It was probably another reason as to why Timothy referred to him as 'Hippie' all the time. Life was peachy, and he could feel it more than other people.
“I am homeless, but I have a couch I can sleep on.” Shari chuckled. “It’s weird. I lost my house and my job. I should undoubtedly be upset, but all I can think is, I have a couch. It’s a good thing.” She outright laughed. “What’s wrong with me?”
“You've got good vibes.” Zeke explained. “Congratulations, you have almost made it through the training.”
“Thanks.” Shari grinned wide and uncharacteristically.
“Okay,” Rebecca sighed. “It’s great that Shari is on the path to success, but maybe we could figure out a real place for her?” She looked at Shari. “How much money do you have?”
“Oh, none.” Shari smiled. Again. In fact, she couldn't stop and Zeke knew it “Everything’s in my bank account, and I don’t even need to check that,” she chuckled. “Tracy would've got that before she even got the house. I know my sister, she’s crafty.” Shari started to hum a merry tune.
Rebecca looked at her oddly then back at Zeke. “What’s she doing?”
“Humming,” Zeke replied. “Like I said, she is almost through the training. When she finds her complete balance, she’ll be able to stay in an agreeable mood but see reason more clearly.” He tried to wave at Shari to bring her back around. “Share?”
Shari grinned. “I like that song.”
“It’s a beautiful song,” Zeke agreed, “but let’s try to focus on your problem though.”
“What problem?” Shari chuckled. “Oh yes, I am broke and homeless.”
“Yes, that’s the problem.” Rebecca said a bit testy. “Well?”
“Anyone else have room?” Zeke suggested. “Only Gregory?” 
“Yeah. His house is enormous, but it’s all filled with his parents inventions.” Rebecca replied. “The others have couches too, but they weren’t as keen to have her sleeping on theirs. Everyone else in Lost Secret doesn't know her, or they're only tempies. Oh, we have one too!” Rebecca realized. Her happiness sank down again. “It’s kind of small, a two seater. At least Gregory’s has three seats.” She looked up at Zeke. “What else can we do?”
“I’ll be okay.” Shari lied on the ground and did somersaults. “Wheee!” She laughed and stopped. “I can eat food from people warm enough to give some out, and I'll sleep on a couch. What is wrong with that?”
“Share, you need to be able to buy yourself food, and have real shelter.” Zeke tried to help her focus again. “These are important. We need to find you a job.”
“Only jobs ever available are filled by outside residents," Rebecca reminded him. “besides, I don't think Shari could really do anything right now.”
Zeke crossed his arms and stuck his right hand under his chin. “You've got a point. I'll help her with food, and I'll help take care of housing. She'll have to sleep on a couch for tonight though.”
“Zeke, a couch?” Rebecca didn’t seem so pleased. “She’s lost everything.”
Shari laughed. “I lost a job and some pieces of wood built upon some dirt I like to inhabit. That’s not everything, I still have my health.”
Rebecca was right, Zeke knew that. Shari exercised all day and all the time, she couldn’t be sleeping on a lumpy couch. Food and shelter were basic, but essential needs had to be met. She was so close. He'd let her sleep in the tower, but it was illegal to let someone sleep overnight who was not official. He was almost sure she would choose no medication in the end, if she could only hold on. She was fighting against her sister's will, so it had to be a healthy sign. “Shari, could you talk to your sister? Make her see your own view?”
Shari laughed. Again. “Tracy?” She broke out into another wild laugh. “That is so funny! No, no,” she finished on a chuckle. “No way Z, she’s as gung ho as much as you are, and like you, she never quits. It’s a draw between a winner and a winner.”
“Z?” Zeke smiled, he actually liked that much better than Coach. “She is really that good?”
“My sis? My sis?” Shari continued to chuckle like she was on laughing gas. “My sis, she is like always a winner. Whatever she wants she gets, and if she can’t do it on her own, she’s got a ton of friends who help her. City friends, if you catch my drift. No, no. I’m doomed to live on the streets.” She grabbed her nose and looked at her hand. “My hands all blurry, and when I cross my eyes they feel funny and the world gets blurry and funny.”
Rebecca looked over at Zeke. “How much longer is she going to be like this?”
Zeke let out a long sigh. "Awhile. She's going to bounce up and down too. This is the sunny side."


“Who are you?”
“I’m Tracy, your new neighbor.” Tracy smiled and held up a pie. "Pumpkin?"
Gregory already knew about her from Rebecca, and he wouldn’t fall for anything. “Hi.”
“Hi.” Tracy held out the pie. “I’m new to the neighborhood, so I wanted to introduce myself. Pie?”
“No thanks,” Gregory declined, “I don’t really need pie.”
“Oh, okay. How about this?” Tracy chuckled as she held up a game. “Diamond Pirate Hunters Part II?”
“Part II, they made a part II?” Gregory quickly accepted the gift. “How did you get this beta game?”
“Oh I know lots of people,” Tracy insisted. “Who do you think got my sister that job?”
“Yeah well, thanks.” Gregory looked at the game. “What are you wanting in return?”
Tracy laughed. “Nothing, silly, I am just a person. All I want is some friends in this little town. I’m not used to little towns, and I don’t know anyone here but my sister. We’re not exactly on speaking terms right now since I’m making her life miserable. Why doesn’t she see it’s for her own good? Why is she taking such a risk?” She shook her head. “Anyway, I just wanted to introduce myself. Oh, and since Shari no longer has that job, you can’t be a surveyor.” She reached into her pocket and pulled out a card. “This is a loyal friend of mine, and he’s got the same job. He has been looking for credible surveyors. I told him about your parents, and he is all but ready to take you on.”
“Really? I can still be a surveyor?” Gregory grinned. “That’s great, thanks!”
“Don’t mention it,” Tracy chuckled. “I’ll see you around, Gregory is it?”
“Yeah.” Gregory nodded. “I’m Gregory.”
“Well, I’m Tracy, and I hope I see more of you later. Don’t forget to give him a call, he’s been waiting for you.” Tracy waved. “Goodb-oops!” She dropped some papers from her purse that were sticking out. “Silly me, I am learning all about the strange laws and regulations of your small town. You sure do have a lot of amusing traditions.”
“Yeah, we do.” Gregory picked up a strange piece of paper that caught his eye. “These are the rules and regulations?”
“Yes.” Tracy held her hand out for the one Gregory held. “What is it?”
“Nothing.” Gregory gave the paper back solemnly.  “Thanks for stopping by.”


“At least you got your pillow and blanket,” Rebecca said as Shari squeezed her pillow delightfully. “That’ll make things more comfortable.” It hadn’t been the most social call, visiting Tracy to get a pillow and blanket. Shari’s 'good vibes' made it easier to get in and out without confrontation. “I think it’s absolutely horrible Timothy lets Tracy stay there.”
“Cuddly soft,” Shari chuckled as she rubbed her cheek on her pillow. She knocked on Gregory’s door. 
Gregory answered the door. “Hey, uh, hi.”
“Gregory?” Rebecca raised an eyebrow. Her friend didn’t look so happy. “What’s wrong?”
“I can’t let her stay here.” Gregory handed Rebecca a piece of paper. “It’s a Lost Secret rule, no adults can sleep at a kids place without guardian supervision. My parents wouldn’t care, but they aren’t in town and can’t be here to watch her.”
“Really? " Rebecca asked. "Oh.” That was bad. Lost Secret was almost the perfect little community for a reason. Pricing was outrageous. Everyone’s parents who lived there worked in different places or even different cities. The kids were all well off, but a lot of her friends weren’t so close to their parents. Many seldom visited, and the chance other parents were in town wouldn’t be so good. “That means everyone’s house is out except mine.” She looked over at Shari who had started rolling around the grass in bliss. 
“Okay...” Gregory looked over at Rebecca. “Is Shari doing something she shouldn’t be doing?" He whispered to Rebecca. "Did she get into Zeke's 'happy stash'? 
“No, Zeke says she’s finding an emotional balance. And what happy stash?" Rebecca questioned. "You shouldn't say lies like that and that came from Timmers."  Rebecca went over to Shari. “Come on Shari, you’re going to have to come home with me. Sorry, all we have is a loveseat at home.”
“Ahhh, a loveseat.” Shari giggled. “They’re cute. I’ll sleep on one, it'll be easy.”


Chapter 26: Spoiled

“I can’t believe it.” Timothy chuckled. “I don’t believe it! In one day, you lost Shari her job and her home. That is, you know, I rarely have to say this to other people, but brilliant.”
“Thanks Timothy,” Tracy accepted the compliment with no modesty. “I told you, I won’t make it easy. There are only two places she can even sleep before she’ll be sleeping on the ground. I took out the little boy’s house with clear rules and regulations. That man Marcus’s home won’t be as easy, but I’ll get that too. Hmmm...” She kept typing on her computer. “Zeke is good at following the rules and has a great track record.”
“Zeke?” Timothy came over and looked at the computer. Tracy had hacked her way into Zeke’s Champion Paladin information. “What is that?”
“His profile silly,” Tracy chuckled. “Being a Champion Paladin is a job so if I can find the right vulnerable spot, I can also make it disappear.” She saw him leaning over her, and she tickled Timothy under the chin. “Didn’t you know that?”
“Ah,” Timothy backed up and grabbed his neck. “Don’t do that.” 
“Tima.”
Timothy groaned as he saw Sammy grabbing onto him again. “Why do I have to have a kid in my house?”
“Here’s an idea, stop complaining and enjoy her.” Tracy mentioned. “She’s bright, use her to your advantage and play with her.”
“Play with her? I don’t want to play. I despise playing, it's the downfall of civilization” Timothy went over to the loveseat but Sammy followed him. “Go away.”
“Timothy, play with her a few minutes and she’ll leave you be.” Tracy insisted as she continued her digging. “Her mind is a sponge, teach her something new. Say something enough times, and she’ll learn it. Teach her something better than Tima if you want.”
“Something new?” Timothy looked down at Sammy. “Mmm...sure.” He bent down toward Sammy as she drooled on her leg. “Fffflloowwerrr?” Sammy just looked at him. “Fllloowwah? Flower? ” Timothy tried again.
“Louw.” Sammy gave in. “La la Louw.”
Timothy chuckled. Maybe there was something he could use the kid for. 
“Aha!” Tracy crossed her arms in delight. “He’s too squeaky clean to get fired, but he did miss something important.” Tracy grinned. If taking Shari’s home out didn’t dissuade her, then maybe messing with the Champion Paladin would dissuade him? 
“Fouwr.” Sammy repeated.
"Getting there.” Timothy rubbed his hands together. “Fouwr P-owr?”
“Fouwr Powr.”
“Close enough.” Timothy chuckled. He had a fun surprise for that Hippie next time he saw him. What else could he teach Sammy?
“Just a little anonymous email and, oh?” Tracy looked at the time. “Timothy, don’t let Sammy play over here. I’ve got to get the casserole out of the oven.”
Timothy tried not to yell in excitement. He had been raised on poor tasting foods growing up before his mom decided to ditch him too. Shari's cooking was okay, but not half as compelling as her sister's. Tracy’s food was full of flavor and she didn’t care about that no carb or no fat stuff. Her food was savory. That kid had no idea how lucky she had been. His mom's version of dinner had been a freakin' pop tart. “Let’s try hippie, that should be easy enough. Hi-hey!”
Tracy sat down in Timothy’s recliner and yawned. She grabbed the remote and turned on TV. “It has to cool.”
Timothy got up. “That’s my chair.”
“Well, you weren’t sitting here.” Tracy commented.
“You were at the computer.” Timothy protested. “Give it back.”
“Wow, you do act like a spoiled child. No.” Tracy rested her hands behind her head. “I’ll get back to destroying Zeke later, I need a break for TV.”
Timothy groaned. He went behind Tracy and tipped the chair up, making her slip out. Tracy yelled in surprise, and he immediately took his seat back. “Mine, mine, mine!” 
“Ooh!” Tracy rolled up her sleeves. Her red and black silk shirt was now ruined. “You’re gonna pay for that!” She came over to him slowly and smiled with her devilish charm.
Timothy gave her an odd look. What was she going to-“ha hahhahahah!” He couldn’t help but laugh as she started to tickle him to death.
“Give it up."
“No.”
”Yes.”
“No.”
“You’re spoiled.”
“So are you,” Timothy couldn’t take anymore as he had been tickled right out of his chair. Tracy jumped over Timothy to take the chair back. “Hey, that’s my chair.” 
“Too bad.” Tracy insisted. “If you haven’t noticed, I always get what I want. Hey!” She watched as Timothy flipped the chair again. “Quit."
“You quit.”
“You.” 
“No, it’s-Sammy!” Tracy quickly gave up the seat as she grabbed Sammy. “No, no, no, you know you’re not allowed in that area.”
Timothy laughed. “Ha, I win!”
“Good for you.” Tracy walked away. “Chicken is done.”
Timothy leaned against the arm. “What’s in it?”
“Chicken, flour, egg, sesame seed, with homemade mashed potatoes and chicken gravy.” Tracy informed him.
“Okay.” Timothy got up hoping he didn’t have to fight for his chair again. “Don’t try that again. You’re smart, but I’m persistent.”
“I can tell from Zeke’s records,” Tracy chuckled. "So how much are you going to make off this place when you turn it into a resort? Need a partner?"
Timothy scoffed. “Oh, shutup, I'm not partnering on this deal.”


Chapter 27: Whiney Egghead

Rebecca groaned as she saw Shari spread out on the little couch. Her head and feet both hung over at an awkward angle. In order to get any sleep, she would have to scrunch up her body tight. “Marcus?”
“That’s all we have,” Marcus reminder her. “Goodnight, Shari Kari. Hopefully everything will be better in the morning."
“It’ll be okay,” Shari yawned. “Things will get better somehow.” She picked up her pillow and blanket and placed them beside the couch. The ground looked more comfortable than the couch.
Rebecca and Marcus were about to get ready for bed, when someone knocked on their door. Who could that be? Rebecca went over to look out the window. She gasped and quickly opened the door. “Zeke?” 
Zeke had nothing but a pillow and a blanket. He was wearing an out of sorts plaid, striped green shirt with brown shoes. “Hi?” He chuckled. “Got room for one more?”
“One more what?” Rebecca asked. “Why are you dressed like that?”
“Well, I’m on probation,” Zeke admitted. “You see...”

***
Zeke smiled as he finished brushing his teeth and slid into his bed. He had already got the okay on a financial agreement for temporary housing. Shari only had to endure one night on a couch. Afterwards, he would figure out her work conflict, but right then, it was time for bed. Time to go to sleep and recharge for the next day.

“Emergency message. Mandatory check.”

“Hm?” Zeke was surprised as the intercom over his bed spoke.

“Emergency message. Mandatory check.”

Zeke proceeded to get up. A mandatory check? He trotted over to his computer room. It was a rarely used room, he didn't know much about computers. He booted it up and then checked his profile. “I don’t believe it.” He stared at the screen. “Probation?” He quickly fetched his phone and dialed a specific number. There had to be some kind of mistake. After checking with number after number and getting rerouted to different offices, he finally found his answer.

"You are on probation for not following rules." A voice announced in a monotonous tone over his phone.

“Rules?” Zeke didn’t understand. “I don’t get it, I messed up rules?”

"You have qualified for High Paladin and have been given the title, but you have not followed any of the extra standards for it," the voice over the phone explained.

“Oh.” Zeke understood it now. “I was never sent anything about additional standards. No one even told me that I qualified for High Paladin.”

"Information is always kept in your profile; it is your responsibility to check it. Your standards have now been sent. Once received, follow directions until further correspondence is necessary to inform us of your standards compliance." The voice stopped, and the phone beeped a dial tone.

***
“The tower and equipment is theirs, and I could not leave with anything I bought with 'Champion Paladin credit',” Zeke finished. “Do you have a sleeping bag at least?”
“Zeke, you're on probation?” Marcus had to ask. “Why are you still wearing your shades then?" Everyone noticed the look Zeke gave him. "Oh, I mean, does that mean you can’t help anyone?”
“Oh no, I can still help people. Teach residents right and wrong, show tempies how to live here, etcetera,” Zeke insisted. “Anyone can help people. Just, not everyone can be paid for it.” He looked at his old clothes. It had been ten years at least since he wore them. He had liked Champion Paladin credit much better than government credit. He could buy whatever he wanted or needed, in a pinch. There were no forms, no account to watch, nothing. 
“Sorry about that.”
Zeke looked over at Shari who was lying on the floor. “Oh, it’s not your fault. I fell through the cracks I guess.”
“No, it is,” Shari yawned. “Well, Tracy’s. I’ve no doubt she found that crack.”
“Couldn’t be,” Zeke disagreed. “Few people can see my profile.”
“Trust me, it was her.” Shari began to stretch. “Tracy can get into anything, your profile wouldn’t be a big deal.”
“It is a huge coincidence,” Rebecca reasoned. “That both of you would end up homeless and jobless in the same day.”
“Ah, ah, I am not jobless,” Zeke corrected her, “I am on probation until I accomplish these new standards.”
“Are they that hard?” Marcus had to ask. “How long will this take?”
Zeke looked at the list he printed out before he left. “It’s basic, it shouldn’t take more than two days.”
“We don’t really have much room,” Marcus gestured in the living room. “We don't have a huge house, but you are welcome to what we do have.”
“Thanks Marcus, I really appreciate it.” Zeke laid his pillow and blanket on the floor. Not the best place to get sleep, but it would do for now. “Don’t worry about housing, I got that sorted out before I got on probation. It’s temporary, but a couple of more nights and you’ll have a bed again, Shari.”
Shari groaned and faced the ceiling. “Sorry. I told you Tracy wouldn’t pull any punches. Now she’s going after you so that you’ll end the bet.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Zeke looked at the ceiling too. “I won't give in, and neither should you. We made this bet together, and we’ll keep it. You have the right to the last week, and I won’t change that.”
“Zeke? I...” Shari confessed. “I am maybe, sort of, thinking about leaning to no medication. I've thought about what you said, compared to Timothy, and the more I keep thinking about it….but I don’t know what to do about Tracy.”
“I admit, if it was her behind all of this?” Zeke took a deep breath. “She's smart. I won’t give up though, especially after that confession." He bopped her playfully on the nose. "Even if she figures out some bizarre way to get me fired, I'd never give in.”
“Zeke?” Shari groaned. “I feel miserable. I can’t think of one good thing anymore.”
“Emotional balance will come and go,” Zeke informed her. “If you are sinking now, you'll be ready to go in the morning. Now, don’t worry about your sister or my job, or your job, or your home, or my tower, or anything else. All we have to worry about is going to sleep. Okay?” He looked over and realized Shari had already gone to sleep. 


“Timothy, you have to quit playing with Sammy, it’s past her bedtime.” Tracy insisted as she chuckled. “Almost.”
“I’m not playing,” Timothy corrected her. “I’m teaching her how to treat the hippie when she sees him.” He showed her a picture of Rebecca. “This?” Sammy did nothing. He showed her a picture of Tina. “This?” She still did nothing. He then showed her a picture of Zeke. “This?”
Sammy pointed at the picture. “Fowr Powr! Fowr Powr!”
“Perfect.” Timothy crossed his arms at his accomplishment. “I’m brilliant.”
“Well Mister Brilliant, come over here.” Tracy beckoned as she wiggled a finger at him. “What is a password Zeke would use?”
“Mm, Lost Secret.” Timothy went over to the computer.
“I tried that, it’s not it again,” Tracy said. “I hate the password part.”
“I thought you already messed with his profile?” Timothy leaned over the computer more.
“Oh, I only got him on probation, he’ll be back in action in about a day or two.” Tracy tapped the computer screen. “Nope, I need to do something better. For that, I need his email. If his profile login is any indication, I bet it’s easy to break into. Let’s see...” She hit the backspace 8 times. “What’s a word that he would remember, something personal but something memorable...”
“Ha,” Timothy laughed. “Try 12345678."
“Oh he's one of those easy people, never care about the password. Thanks.” Tracy inputted it in and the computer made a beep. “Good going Tim, we are in. Now,” She looked at the list of standards he would have to complete to get off of probation. “This isn’t going to be easy. There isn’t much to work with. Once he completes training it’s over.” 
Timothy stared down the list. “Unless he wants a sidekick?”
“Oh, that would buy us another day for how long?” Tracy asked. “Check out the requirements.” She handed him a paper.
“Takes three months to petition for a partner.” Timothy noticed in the paper.
“Well, that’s not gonna work.” Tracy took the paper and looked herself. “I guess I’ll go back to figuring out Shari. She can’t last that much longer.”
“Wait, you have his email?” Timothy grinned. “What do you do when someone lost your information when you order stuff?”
“You write an email reminder. Timothy, you’re a genius.” Tracy hit compose message. “Care to speak your mind?”
“Don’t mind if I do.” Timothy cleared his throat. “I am Zeke. I wanted a sidekick three, no no, four months ago. This is highly unacceptable. Add more exclamation points. Oh, here add this. I find this lack of cooperation inexcusable, and if you do not deal with this matter, I will quit. Yes, that has a neat ring to it.”
“Sounds good to me,” Tracy said as she sent the message. “Okay, I’m sure that will do something. It won’t take long before he changes the password to something more protected. Anything else you wanted to do before we get kicked out?”
Zeke opened his eye as his cell phone rang. The only thing he was allowed to keep on probation in case of emergency contact. He reached over beside him to answer it, still feeling tired. “Hello? What request?” Zeke was confused as he listened to the person on the line. He sat up as he tried to wake himself up. “Sidekick? I don’t need a sidekick. I didn’t send out an email."
“What’s wrong?” Shari moaned as she rubbed her eyes and sat up.
“I promise, I did not send any email.” Zeke continued arguing on the phone.
“Oh no,” Shari groaned and fell back down. “Zeke, is your email easy to get into?”
“No,” Zeke pulled the phone away to speak to her. “It’s not Lost Secret like my profile, I used numbers. Oh, yes, yes, I am listening.” Zeke spoke on the phone again. “No, I am not trying to cause trouble. Yes, I am currently on probation, but that has nothing to do with this. I-no this isn't a trick. Okay...okay...” Zeke sighed. “How long? I can’t be out for that long. Anything else?” He rubbed his eyes. “Fine, sidekick. Uh huh. Yes, okay. Yes, goodnight-” He looked at the phone as they hung up. “-to you too.”
Shari didn’t speak a word.
“I think I was ummm, hacked?” Zeke guessed. “They say I sent a nasty email demanding a sidekick.”
“Will that delay you?” Shari had to ask.
“Yeah.” Zeke layed back again. “More than a day. I have to petition for no partner, which takes three months before they will even take me off probation now. I have no choice, I have to take one on for at least a month somehow.”
“Someone following you around, helping you?” Shari asked. 
“No, Champion Paladins don't have those kind.” Zeke rolled his eyes. “I need a showoff sidekick, not a pro. Any of the kids who are strong enough might be able to pass it. They’ll follow me and tell people how awesome I am.” He rubbed his head. “It’s nothing more than praise, but it makes people feel like they are contributing.” He looked at his blanket. “A shadow, following my every move. I even have to slow down for them, so they can stay up.” He groaned. “Well, at least I like kids.”
“I know a ton of kids who’ll do it.” Shari chuckled. "Some adults maybe. Benji?"
“They have to pass a small test. It gets harder with age. Usually, you train for at least a couple of months.” Zeke scratched his head. “Shari, I don’t mean to place blame on anyone, but do you think-“
“Yes, Tracy hacked into your email, I’m sure of it.” Shari sat back up. “You should change your password immediately, there’s no telling what else can happen.”
“Waking Rebecca up in the middle of the night to use her computer does not sound nice,” Zeke disagreed. “I will change it first thing when we wake up,” he yawned. “Your sister is becoming a bit of a thorn.”
“Nice way of saying she’s a pain in the butt and making your life hard?” Shari laughed. “Sorry, didn't mean to cuss. I guess I need more sleep. We’ll get everything figured out in the morning.”


Zeke breathed the fresh air, he loved the morning. Possibilities always seemed more real after a decent night's rest. He looked beside himself and caught Shari doing the same thing.
“Good morning.” Shari stood up, grabbed her pillow and blanket and tossed it on the couch. 
Zeke did the same thing “Morning run?”
“Morning run,” Shari agreed as they both took out the door.
Zeke came back to Marcus’s when he saw Rebecca standing in the doorway. “Hey, Rebecca.” Rebecca did not seem like her usual self. She looked off into the distance. “What’s wrong? Rebecca?” Rebecca shrugged her shoulders and went back inside. “That’s weird.” Zeke rubbed his head. He grinned as he saw Marcus start to come in. “Good morning Marcus, how are you?”
“I like Lost Secret. It's not easy being one of the few responsible for everyone,” Marcus said firmly. “And frankly, I-I don’t care what you think, Zeke. I think Rebbeca is much better off here and...I’m not a sissy, or any of those profane mean things.”
“A sissy?” Zeke didn’t understand.
Shari ran over and waved good morning to Marcus. “Thanks for letting us sleep at your place. We appreciate it.”
“Well, I’m glad someone did.” Marcus said gruffly.
“Well, I did too.” Zeke added. “I think you’re doing a splendid job too, I do. I imagine it's not easy to take care of a girl.”
Rebecca came out from behind Marcus.
“Rebecca?” Shari had to ask. "Are you okay?”
“I like it here.” Rebecca muttered. “None of the other kids secretly hate me, do they?”
“That’s a horrible thing to think.” Zeke crossed his arms. Where could she get an absurd idea like that? “Who would say something so mean?” Rebecca looked away but pointed at him. “Me?” Zeke looked at Shari.
“His email was hacked,” Shari informed her. “Did you get an email from him last night?”
“Yeah, checked this morning.” Rebecca sighed in relief. “You don’t care that I wasn't born here? And that Marcus is watching me instead of me being all on my own?”
“No, of course not.” Zeke bent down to her. “You should always find happiness in whatever the situation. Marcus does a superb job taking care of you, and you do an admirable job watching for him too.”
“Oh?” Marcus looked at Zeke. “You don’t think I’m doing a horrible job with her, and that I’m a whiney egghead?”
“Egghead? No, of course not.” Zeke looked behind him and noticed everyone suddenly looking away. He had noticed a strange vibe coming from everyone that day. “Tracy?” Zeke looked over at Shari.
“Whiney, wussy, profanity and the word egghead?” Shari sighed. “It’s Tracy and Timothy.” She sniffled. “My own boyfriend is helping to make my life miserable! Oh!” She landed on the ground and started to weep. “Timothy, how could you? Oh, I feel so betrayed!”
“Her emotions are still running wildly,” Rebecca noticed 
“Not a good time for this,” Zeke bent down to Shari. “It’s okay, things aren’t as bad as you think. You’re emotional, but it's alright, okay.”
“My boyfriend doesn’t like me anymore!” Shari started to rub her eyes. “My sister stole my house and my job away, and I don’t have any money! How can I go on? I should give up!”
“No, no,” Zeke tried to reason with her. Now was clearly not the time for emotional swinging. “Trust in me, everything will be okay. You'll see, Timothy still likes you and he'll learn to tolerate whatever you decide. It'll be okay.”
“No it won’t Z!” Shari fell onto his arms. “The whole world is out to hurt me!”
Zeke patted her back. “There, there, it’s not the whole world. Only your sister.”
“And Timothy,” Shari could barely control herself. “And everyone. It’s everyone. All of Cambria hates me, my own mother hates me, and now my sister hates me. No one likes me!”
“I like you,” Rebecca tried to help out. 
“I like you too,” Marcus patted Shari’s head. “If I didn’t, I wouldn’t have let you stay the night.”
 "Everyone likes you," Zeke added. "You're a likable person. There's not anyone in Lost Secret that's met you and doesn't like you."
“No, you don’t!” Shari pushed herself away and launched herself to the ground. “No one likes me, everyone hates me.”
“Is this a bad time?”
Zeke looked up and saw someone new to the town. He had a feeling he knew who he was.
“My name’s Mister Watch. Let’s get started, where’s your sidekick?” Mister Watch looked at his watch. “I don’t have all day.”
“Sidekick?” Rebecca looked at Zeke. “What’s he talking about?”
“Zeke never sent that!” Shari cried out to the man. “His email was hacked by my sister because she hates me. She so hates me, she doesn’t want me to be happy. She wants me miserable, forever. But I can’t tell you her name, or she could go to jail, and I can’t do that to her because I love her, even if she doesn’t love me.”
Mister Watch stared at Shari. “Tell me that you’re not it. Please.”
“I don’t have one yet,” Zeke confessed. “Anyone who wants to try out can.” That’s the best he knew to do. Once no one was physically fit enough to make it, he should be off the hook. Hopefully. He liked them, but he wasn’t into showoff sidekicks.
“Really? We could try out to be sidekicks?"  Rebecca jumped a couple times and then yelled out at the other kids in the street. “Hey, who wants to be Zeke’s sidekick?” The sudden rush of kids Zeke and Rebecca had expected didn’t happen. They all stuck their noses in the air and walked away. “Okay?” Rebecca went back to Zeke. “I’ll try.”
“You?” Mister Watch looked at Rebecca. He groaned but held up his whistle. “Alright, give me your best run.”
“Shouldn’t I warm up first?” Rebecca asked. Mister Watch glared at her and blew his whistle. “Yikes!” Rebecca would have to skip the warm ups and go straight to running. “How far?”
Mister Watch didn’t reply as he stared at his watch. “Stop!” Rebecca just breathed hard as she touched the stop sign.
“This would have been great for everyone to try,” Zeke commented. “If they all warmed up first anyhow. I can't believe Mister Watch didn't let her warm up first.” He waited for Shari’s response. “Shari?” Long gone. Oh, now was not the time to chase after her. Zeke hoped she snapped out of her depression.
“Best run backwards.” Mister Watch started the stopwatch on Rebecca again. He did it twelve more times with highest jump, highest running jump, pushups, one handed pushups, pull-ups, sit-ups, and jumping jacks.
“Okay, that’s plenty.” Zeke assured Mister Watch. “Rebecca can’t take much more.” Rebecca was panting and needed water. Zeke made his way over to aid her but Shari was already there with a water bottle.
“Here,” Shari walked by casually and handed it to her. “Here you go, I always carry some now.” She looked at Zeke mere feet away. “Did she make it?”
“Not by a long shot.” Mister Watch stopped the timing. “She failed everything.”
“Oh. Well, you gave it your best shot, Rebecca.” Zeke said proudly. “Good job, I’m proud of you. Remember, the only thing that counts is you did your best.”
“Thanks, Zeke.” Rebecca grinned. “I have a few more years to go I guess if I really want to be a sidekick.”
Thank goodness. Zeke smiled like he was sorry. 
“All this trouble, for someone with no proper training and a kid?” Mister Watch was far from in a good mood. “Sending us email, lying about hacking, on probation and making us drop everything for a mere kid?” He brought out some paper and wrote down on it furiously. “Well Zeke, I’ve got to say this has unquestionably made you look amateurish. You are going to need a refined, shiny record for at least the next five years to regain any kind of moral reputation back.” He glared over at Zeke. “After this whole thing, you had better add recommendations next year along with interviews and you’ll be sure to have mystery watchers coming back and forth to check your progress more often.”
Well, at least he wasn’t fired. “Okay.” Zeke smiled. “Don’t worry, I'll do great next time.”
“Oohh...” Shari looked sadly at Mister Watch. “Poor Mister Watch. Do you need a hug?”
Mister Watch watched as Shari started to hug him. “A hug is not getting Mister Ezekial off the hook.”
“Of course not, it’d take more than a little hug to do that.” Shari chuckled as she touched his nose.
Zeke tried not to roll his eyes. He was about to apologize for Shari when Mister Watch talked instead.
“I see,” Mister Watch actually smiled.
Zeke grinned. Maybe he was in a better mood now? “I’m sorry about all this.”
“No need, forget it.” Mister Watch hugged Shari back. “Your ‘apology’ will work fine.” He touched Shari’s nose. “So where is your house?”
Zeke stopped grinning as he realized why Mister Watch was suddenly happy. He quickly pulled Shari away. He may have been born in Lost Secret, but he had been retaught and knew a thing or two about what was happening. Mister Watch glared at him.  Zeke simply shook his head, not having any idea what to say to him. 
“Of course, I was joking. I was also joking about forgetting this offense,” Mister Watch said as he put his papers away. “I’d even suggest a test watch day to see exactly how well you are helping in such a small, pitiful town before you are off probation. If you ask me, you should be out in the rainforest or around the oceans, advocating safety, and that will be my recommendation. Good day.”
“Ooohh,” Shari chuckled. “Poor guy. He’s not happy anymore.” She smiled at Zeke. “What is it, Z?”
Rebecca watched the scene sadly. “Zeke? Is he going to make you leave Lost Secret?”


Chapter 28: Fowr Powr

Zeke sat on the stoop of Rebecca’s house. No credits, no tower, probation, a bad report, and now they might make him leave Lost Secret. It sure was a busy day.
“It’s okay.” Shari patted him on the back, “I’m sorry,” She chuckled. “Yeah. How come he didn’t like my hug?”
Zeke stared at her. He couldn't get angry at her, it wasn't her fault. “Because you made it sound not innocent.”
“What do you mean?” Shari laughed and waved him off with her hand. “That makes no sense.”
Zeke looked over at his other side and saw Rebecca. No way was he going to explain that around her. “It’s in the past now. I have to believe that I'll have a decent person supervising me.”
“Well, if we prove you didn’t cause any of that email business, you’ll be off the hook,” Shari stretched. “It’s just that they’ll arrest my sister and it doesn’t seem like something I should do.”
“It’s not,” Zeke agreed. “I couldn’t do that, not for only protecting her sister. I know she knows that too.” Zeke looked at his funky clothes. At this rate, he might be in them for awhile.
“Hello, Shari.”
Shari, Rebecca, and Zeke turned to see Tracy, Timothy and Sammy.
“Tracy,” Shari waved. “You know, you haven’t been nice.”
“That’s not something you should be saying,” Tracy cocked her eyebrow. Nice? Considering how much havoc she had reeked upon her, she should have outright been cussing her out. What was with the look too, it was as if she had been pleased to see her like any normal day. “Why are you smiling?”
“Oh, I can explain that.” Zeke waved his hand above his head briefly. “She has imbalanced emotions right now, and it takes much more than the usual grief to make her stop smiling.”
“Fowr powr!” Sammy pointed at Zeke while Timothy chuckled.
“Fowr powr?" Rebecca looked over at Zeke. "What's that mean?"
“Are you still dancing and getting exercise?” Zeke smiled at Sammy.
“Fowr powr.” Sammy hit Zeke’s knee. “Fowr powr fowr powr hy-pee.”
“Yeah,” Timothy chuckled. “She’s a child, must be gibberish.”
“Hy-pee.” Sammy smiled at Zeke. “Fowr powr!”
“Well at any rate, sane or not sis, it’s still nice to see you.” Tracy smiled at Shari. “So, I came up to see if you changed your mind yet? I know lots of people and I might be able to help you and your friend back out with repairing your lives again.”
“We don't need help, but thanks for the offer.” Zeke tried to be polite. “It’s nice to see you again, Tracy. It was surprising to hear you moved into Lost Secret, in Timothy’s no less.”
“Well thanks, it’s nice to see you again, too.” Tracy smiled at him. “I’ve got to say, those old raggedy clothes you are wearing? Damn.”
Rebecca crossed her arms. “He’s a Champion, not a piece of meat.”
Zeke looked at the ground. Tracy gave a strong enough weird vibe, he didn’t have to hear Rebecca saying it out loud. 
Shari patted Zeke on the back. “It’s okay, don’t feel bad,” She smiled. “The first time she saw Timothy she started calling him big boy because-“
“That is information that is not needed for this situation.” Timothy warned Shari. “What is wrong with you?”
“She has unbalanced emotions,” Zeke repeated. “Eh, it'll pass.”
“Oh? Well, too bad that whole ‘you’re out of Lost Secret’ thing happened.” Timothy tried to act like he wanted to hide a smile behind his hand. “I’m sure we’ll never be the same without you. When is your last day?”
“You hear news fast,” Zeke forced his own smile. “I might not have to leave, we’ll have to see what happens.”
“Well, I see.” Tracy groaned. “Still not ready to give in? Just cancel a bet and get your whole reputation back, along with your tower and Lost Secret. Sounds like a good deal to me, you should take it.” She looked over at her sister. “Well, Shari?”
Shari just smiled. “It’s okay, I’m still fine.”
“Great. A waste of time trying yet.” Tracy took a deep breath. She bent down next to Shari. “I wish you’d stop making me do this, Shari. You’re my sister, and I don’t want to use power against you. Against the hottie is kind of fun, but not you. Can’t you see the obvious truth anymore?” She glared at Zeke. “I already lost one sister, and you aren’t taking the other!”
Zeke couldn’t comment to that one without thinking first. “I assume you’re worried about your sister, but this isn’t the way to go. It’s her choice, no one else’s.”
“Fowr powr!” Sammy pointed at Zeke again.
Timothy chuckled. “Kids. Gibberish. Funny, isn’t it? You’re not even wearing flowers. Not that she’s saying flowers. Well I’ll see you around, or I won’t. Let's hope for the second."
Shari watched Timothy and Tracy take off with Sammy. “I should want to hurt him. When I get back to feeling more like myself,” she chuckled. “Will I want to?”
“I can’t answer that.” Zeke replied. “Only you know yourself.”
“Zeke?”
Zeke looked up and saw Simps. “Simps?”
“Zeke?” Simps moved uncomfortably back and forth on his feet. “I just, I don’t understand! Why were you so mean in the email?”
“Email.” Zeke sighed. “My email was hacked.”
“Really? So, you don’t think I’m too fat?” Simps asked.
“Well, overall you are healthy.” Zeke said, being mindful of his words.
“Really? So it was fake?” Simps looked at Rebecca. “How’d you do on the challenge? Oh, if I hadn’t felt so weird about the email I would’ve tried out.”
“It was hard.” Rebecca replied. “I didn’t make it. Wouldn’t matter anyway now that-”
“Don’t give up Rebecca.” Zeke turned to look at her. “Life has a funny way of working out." He rolled one of his hands in then outward. "You have got to go with the flow and let it happen.”
“That’s right,” Shari sighed, “You should have faith. Everything always works out, nature always has a plan for your destiny.”
“Well,” Rebecca shrugged, “I guess if Shari can still stay in Lost Secret without money, a job, a house, then maybe you’re right. Zeke? What about yourself?”
“I will have to share the housing.” Zeke looked over at Shari. “Is that okay with you?”
“Hey, you landed it, of course I can share.” Shari smiled. "Sharing's caring after all."
“I wish I wanted to hurt Timothy.”
Zeke looked over at Shari. The euphoria she felt was fading again. “Well, I admit, he hasn’t been the best boyfriend lately.”
“He is working with Tracy,” Shari closed her eyes. “He is working with her? I forgave him for lying to me, and now he’s conspiring with Tracy. Letting her move in because she threatened something against him, I could see that, but he’s obviously not in any struggle with her.”
“I noticed,” Zeke had to admit. “Now what are you going to do?”
“I don’t know. I just, he’s mean, but I can’t seem to hate him. Even when my head clears, I can’t seem to hate.” Shari leaned herself backward on the porch. “Tracy’s right, I am insane.”
“Tracy Johnson is not right about everything,” Zeke informed her. “I’ve got an idea.” He stood up. “Let’s get up off this step, organize a fun game of freeze tag with about a hundred kids, and then afterward we’ll find the person with the temporary housing keys.”
“That would be me.”
Zeke looked up and saw Pat. “Hello, Pat. Could I have the keys in your hand?”
Pat didn’t look happy as he swung the keys around his fingers with one hand and pushed his glasses up his nose with the other.
“Pat, Zeke’s email was hacked,” Shari said quickly. “His profile was hacked too.”
“Oh? Oh.” Pat looked over at Zeke. “So you don’t think I’m a rich kid who will never become anything more than a spoiled brat?”
“No. In fact, I had better get this mess cleared up.” Zeke whistled loudly. “Everyone, I have something to say!”
“Zeke was hacked! His profile, his email, and his very identity were defiled!” Pat yelled loudly. He looked back over at Zeke. “That about sums it up.” He handed him the keys. “My dad is giving you one month in the house at the end of Lost Secret. It’s not the greatest, but don’t complain. He hates complainers.”
“Thank you, Pat. Be sure to thank your dad later for me too.” Zeke spun the keys on his fingers. Well, at least it was a small start to getting everything back together.
“It didn’t work,” Tracy rocked Sammy back and forth trying to get him ready for his afternoon nap. “I kicked her out, took her money, even dealt with that idiot Champion Paladin.” She rolled her eyes. “I’m going to have to fight harder against them.”
“Idiot Champion Paladin?” Timothy rolled his eyes. “Is he a ‘hottie’ or is he an idiot?”
“He’s a hottie, but I’m doing that mostly to annoy him, and for Shari.” Tracy looked over at Timothy. “I did move in with her boyfriend after all.”
“Ugh! Yeah, like I’d ever choose you?” Timothy scoffed. 
“Choose me? Big boy, you couldn’t even catch me.” Tracy corrected him. “Now shutup, Sammy needs to relax and take a nap.”
“Me shutup? You shutup!”
“You.”
“You.”
“Oh knock it off Timothy.” Tracy groaned. “We’ve got to think harder. We’re going to have to work together to get this stopped.”
“Well, I’m close to one of my goals.” Timothy grinned. "I need to start relooking at my old designs for the resort.”
“No you don't and no he’s not.” Tracy disagreed. “I figured having my friend Walt play a ‘Mister Watch’ as a supervisor would be enough. Really, he didn’t even have to flash one credential.”
“He’s not? You mean?” Timothy whined and jumped up and down. “Not fair, not fair, this is not fair!”
“Oh hush,” Tracy carried Sammy over to his crib. “The ploy didn’t work, the real one will be coming soon. Besides, clearly that man is not as easy to get worked up.”
“Yes, I know. He’s always happy and in a good mood,” Timothy crossed his arms. “He's the freaking tree hugger hippie Paladin!”
“Well if Shari and that idiot are so determined not to give in, I’ll have to hit them where it hurts.” Tracy sighed. “Well, let’s start with Hippie. I’d rather focus on the guy causing the problem, rather than hurting Shari so much.” She turned to look at Timothy. “Tell me more about him. What’s he cherish the most?”
“Freedom, peace, love, greenery, organic gardens, ebooks,” Timothy groaned, “saving whales, saving the freaking rain forest, how should I know? He watches over the residents here mostly.”
“Okay, none of that's good enough. What else?” Shari placed Sammy down in her crib. “Is there anything he could never let happen?” She looked over at Timothy. “What’s his worst nightmare?”
“Worst nightmare?” Timothy couldn’t help but crack a smile. "Medication.”
“No, we are not touching that.” Tracy rubbed Sammy's cheek gently. “I don’t want to hurt the kids either, they’re innocent bystanders in this crossfire.”
“Well, there’s nothing then.” Timothy looked off toward his window. “It’s all he ever wants, just to keep this town playful so that the kids and adults can play like idiots.”
Tracy started to smile. “I got it. Why didn't I see it, especially the way he's with Sammy. He likes the kids a lot.” She looked down at Sammy. "Especially the permanent residents.”
“Yeah, he knows the permies by name. So?” Timothy rolled his eyes. “Unless you know of a way to get all the brats out of here, nothing will work.”
“No, but what if we could tear him apart from them?” Tracy grinned. “Timothy Varmen, I think we’re onto something.” 
“Keep the kids away from him?” Timothy sighed. “How?”
“I don’t know, but where there’s a will, there’s a way.” Tracy winked.


Chapter 29: Upset Tummy

“There are fruits, vegetables, and water in the fridge,” Shari noted as she checked out their new residence. 
Zeke leaned over the fridge with his shades lowered. “Yes, obviously not fresh, but we can’t be picky.” He picked up a tomato that had been wrinkled with black spots on it. “Maybe a little picky? Mold might kill us, I don't know.” 
“Well, water kind of works.” Shari went over to the sink and turned it on. The water was tinted brown more than it was clear. “Z?”
“Go running instead?”
“Definitely.”
“I will visit Gregory,” Zeke said, “he said he'd spare some food.”
“Great idea," Shari agreed. “Rebecca said we can get basic things from her as we need it too. It’s not like we-” She started doing cartwheels then started to run again. “-spend much time indoors anyhow.”
Good point. Zeke rounded the corner with her. When weather was horrible or at night, he would need some form of shelter, but he had always been much happier outside. “I’ll head to Gregory's.”
Shari nodded. "I'll stop by Rebecca’s place to collect some water."
Shari knocked on Marcus' door and saw Rebecca answer. “Hi, Rebecca. Could I trouble you for a pitcher of water? The water at our place doesn't look so healthy.”
“Sure,” Rebecca said as she let her in, and started to fill a pitcher up. “How is the place?”
“It’ll be great if bad weather strikes,” Shari said in an upbeat mood. “Oh, we always run around anyway. We could use some fresher vegetables to replace the moldy and fungus ones, but Zeke is getting that taken care of.”
“Mold and fungus?” Rebecca grimaced. “That sounds horrible. You can take whatever you want out of the garden.” She placed the pitcher onto the table. “Marcus uses pesticides, so be careful. Here you go.”
“Shari!”
Shari turned as she heard Zeke call for her. Hopefully he managed to get some fresh vegetables and fruits.  
Shari quickly took off while Rebecca walked over outside the door to watch.  Marcus came back inside. “Hi, Marcus. What's up?”
“Oh, making something special,” Marcus said in a weird tone, “for someone."
Rebecca nodded but continued looking out. 
Oh there’s water already? Did he pour it? Marcus’ memory was not always the best, but most likely he did. He hummed a jaunty tune as he went over to fetch some sugar. Oh, probably a cup will do. “Have you heard from Zeke and Shari again, Rebecca?”
“Yeah.” Rebecca stared at the door at something, probably Zeke and his friend. “Things don't sound real great, but they both seem positive everything will work out.”
“Not surprising,” Marcus stirred the sugar. “Strawberries, strawberries...” He went over to the refrigerator and looked for some strawberries. None? Well, maybe raspberries.
“Do you have a bag?” Zeke asked Rebecca politely at the door. “It’s going to be hard carrying these to the house.” 
Rebecca went over to a closet and grabbed a fresh trash bag while Marcus wondered about berries. “Here you go, Zeke.” Marcus heard them dump their goods in. Blackberries maybe…

“Don’t forget your water.” 
“Do you have a glass?” 
Maybe not berries at all, what about citrus? Marcus thought. No no, not citrus.
“Sure. Zeke?”
“I’m OK right now. I’ll have some later.”
“Okay. Marcus?”
“No raspberries, blueberries or blackberries. What am I going to do?” Marcus stuck his head out of the refrigerator just in time to see his concoction about to kill someone. “Oh! Oh no, don’t drink!”
Shari almost let the water touch her lips. She had been so dehydrated she hadn’t even noticed the cloudiness. “What’s wrong?”
“I was making something special for Sharina and I,” Marcus said as he strolled over. “Sharina doesn't like the taste of alcohol, so there's about a cup of sugar in the pitcher. Sorry about that.”
“...” Shari stopped as she dropped the glass. 
Rebecca had caught it before it hit the ground. “Shari, are you okay?"
“Umm...fine.” Zeke went over to her quickly. “You need to go?” He smiled at Rebecca and Marcus. “We’ll get water later, we need to go.” He watched as she quickly ran out of the kitchen. Oh great, she would be running with an adrenaline boost. “I have to go Rebecca, thanks. I’ll be back for the rest.”
“Shari,” Zeke tried to run just as fast. Shari had become quick over the last few days. “Share, it’s okay, take it easy.”
“Take it easy? I almost died,” Shari yelled back at him.
“No, no, you would have been fine.” Zeke jumped a wall after her. “Trust me, please, stop running so fast.” She wasn’t listening, and she wasn’t stopping. Zeke had no choice but to push himself all the way. He could feel his heart pounding when he caught up to her. “We are-running-at max-slow down!” He tried to grab her arm to slow her down some. “It would take-at least half a cup in you-to-hurt now.” He gasped.
“Half a cup?” Shari started to slow down a little. “Are you sure, Z? That's not like mild dye or fat in tiny pieces of pork. It's…”
“Yes. Sweet.” Zeke tried to slow down a little slower. “You are fine, even if you had drank a sip. It's the same reason you can kiss Timothy and not die. You're working it off.” He got her to slow down even more. “A small amount of sweets will never hurt you anymore.” He finally got her to stop. “There’s no reason for fear, you're cautious enough.”
“Really?” Shari asked hoarsely. “Are you sure?”
“Yes.” Zeke grinned. “Trust me, that worry is far behind you now.” He could feel his heart still wanting to run fast, but he knew better. “Let’s jog back to Rebecca’s and get some fresh water. Okay?”
Shari nodded but was still apprehensive. As they reached Rebecca’s, she had a brand new pitcher out for them.
Marcus hummed casually as he dropped in some peaches and mango into the original pitcher with sugar. “Hope I can do something with this.”
Shari looked at the pitcher. “Here,” She passed it to Zeke.
“It’s fine.” Zeke passed it to her. Shari handed it back to Zeke again. “No. You’ve got to get over this. You aren't going to go like her.” Zeke sighed, there was only one way. “Marcus?”
“Mmmhmm?” The Marcus hummed as he stirred his new drink.
“I need a glass of that.” Zeke replied as he picked up a glass.
“What?” Shari’s jaw dropped. “Don’t do it, it’s suicide!”
“It’s not,” Zeke tried to calm her down. "I wouldn’t put myself in serious harm.” This won't be easy. The things he did for her. Inside, he felt himself get edgy. He'd be OK, but the process itself wouldn't be fun. Marcus handed Zeke a glass and double checked he heard right. “Yes.” Zeke looked over at Shari and lifted the glass. "Cheers."  He took one mighty gulp. 
And fell down.

Shari looked aghast at him as the glass dropped and he fell to the floor completely out of it. “Z?”
“...have to think....” Zeke pulled himself back up to the table with one arm “...of easier lessons.” He stood up and began to walk next to the wall, picking up speed into jogging. He headed outside and ran faster, hearing Shari catch up with him. "I won't go far, but I needed to show you that you can-" He stopped, hoping Shari turned her head. When the stomach upset was over, he rubbed his stinging mouth with his hand. “See? I’m alive, no repercussions, everything is okay.” He hung onto his belly. 
“You drank that sweetness.” Shari touched his back tenderly. "Just to show me? You threw up on the side of a house and put yourself through this, for me?" She grabbed onto his hand. "You didn't have to, but thank you."
“Yeah, no problem. Now let’s run anything off that’s left in my system, just in case it's too much. I'll head home.” Zeke said. “Can you handle taking the food and water home, Shari?" Oh god, I said the word food…
“Both? I’m not that strong,” Shari insisted.
“Maybe, maybe not, try.” Zeke said as he ran ahead again. 

That night...

“Seven O' Clock.” Zeke looked over at Shari. “Time for bed.”  Yeah, so far sharing a house hadn’t been a problem. All day long all the duo had done was fix problems, fix boo-boo's and fix some 'controversial issues' that occurred with little kids when adults were involved. Night time though, how comfortable would the beds be and the floor?
Zeke walked in and looked at the bed. “I’ll take the floor.”
“You can have the bed if you want,” Shari insisted. “You’re the Champion, and you got this place for me.”
“No, no. I promised I would financially take care of you if anything happened. Remember?” Zeke insisted. “You don’t have to think that way.”
Shari pulled up the covers on the single bed and watched dust come out of it. It hadn’t been used in years. “I think the floor is the best bet for both of us.”
“I have to agree.” Zeke said as he got his pillow and blanket and slept on the right side beside the bed while Shari slept on the left. He took a deep breath and calmed himself down from the excitement of the day. He never thought he would miss his tower so much. His one pair of clothes he was allowed to keep were beginning to cling to him, they needed washed and would stink soon. Who knew how long he would be stuck down there now? He had to think positive. He'd find a way to get off probation and get his life back without giving into Tracy Johnson. Yes, there had to be a way. Perhaps a decent night’s sleep would help him find it?



“I think I found something. I might have found something!” Timothy sighed as he looked at the rules and regulations of Lost Secret. “Oh who am I kidding, there’s no way that could work.”
Tracy strolled over after putting Sammy down for his nap. As uncomfortable as it was they had to stay awake, and do research. They had to find a way to make Zeke terminate the bet. A simple threat of probation didn’t work, and even the ploy didn’t work. They needed to get tougher before the proper supervisor came down tomorrow. “What is it and we’ll figure it out.”
Timothy gave her the paper. “Lost Secret has unusual customs, but it wouldn’t work. There’s no child in this town who could be turned against Zeke." He looked out his window at the moon. “I’m stuck with you and Zeke is stuck with Shari. What is happening to this town?”
“Us,” Tracy laughed as she checked out the paper. “Timothy, you’re a genius. As for kids, don’t worry. I know the perfect ones who would help us out.” She wrote down a few names.
Timothy looked at the paper. “Never heard of them.”
“Not in Lost Secret, but they are within Zeke’s jurisdiction.” Tracy tried to explain.
“...what?” Timothy glanced at another paper Tracy put in front of him. “You mean, according to this he is responsible for more than Lost Secret? He’s also responsible for...” He chuckled. 
"It'll take at least a year to overturn everything. A Paladin has to have a perfect record." Tracy laughed. "We need to set it up when the supervisor shows up. Then, he'll never be a Paladin again.”


Chapter 30: Just Another Resident

“Excuse me?”
Rebecca and Simps turned to see an adult they had never seen in Lost Secret before.
“Hi, I’m here to check out the sidekick of, uh, Zeke?” The man ruffled through some papers. “Could you tell me where he’s at?”
“Someone already came,” Simps looked at Rebecca. “Right?”
“What? I’m the only one that’s sent.” The man flashed his badge. “Murphy Day.”
“Well,” Rebecca smiled widely at the new stranger. Maybe this was the second chance Zeke needed? “I’ll take you straight to Zeke.” She ran out to the middle of the street and shouted for him. Zeke and Shari appeared almost instantly, both smiling away like their lives weren’t falling apart.
“Zeke?” Murphy held out a piece of paper. “I’m here to test for your sidekick.”
“This is the real guy!” Rebecca couldn’t help but shout from beside him.
Zeke laughed. Tracy had tried to play him. “I was hacked by someone and any email you received was not from me.” Would the right people be any more lenient than the fake Mister Watch? “Is there any way I could get this cancelled?”
“Hacked?” Murphy sighed. “Great, not another hacking. We are going to have to create a new tutorial on computer safety. Did you at least change your password?”
“Oh, I did,” Zeke nodded. 
“Good. A dismissal will take three days,” The man groaned. "All this travel for nothing.  Anything else?” He looked through his papers. “You are on probation for not following additional standards for High Paladin? No problem, I can handle that. Let’s go ahead and get this taken care of since I don’t have any sidekick business to do. Once we know you’re in proper physical condition, I’ll take you off probation.” 
“Zeke helps people all the time,” Rebecca spoke up hearing the positive news. Zeke and Shari had been right, things did work out. “He's kept every resident here happy and safe since he's been here. He’s the best.”
“Oh? Nice to know.” The man casually placed three checks on a piece of paper next to ‘gets along with residents’ and ‘witness testament outstanding’ and ‘cares about people’. "Sounds like a good Champion Paladin so far."
Zeke beamed. Finally, back to business. Everything will be back to normal soon. Once he was back in action, it'd be hard for Tracy to interfere with his life anymore.
“Just hang on a minute and we’ll run some small standard physical tests.” The man yawned and filled in some papers. 
Rebecca stood beside Zeke along with Shari. Everyone was so thrilled about the situation that a new kid no one had ever seen in Lost Secret crept up behind Zeke. The new kid bent down enough to be directly above Zeke’s elbow. 
“Okay, we’ll do some quick push-ups, sit-ups, running and some dashing.” Murphy replied. “Let’s go ahead and start with running.”
“Running is my specialty.” Zeke chuckled. In just a few minutes, he would be off of probation.

BAM!

“Ow!” The new kid cried as the impact knocked him backwards and down to the ground, a second blow being on the back of the head.
“Oh no!” Zeke looked behind him in shock and saw the new kid. He had been getting ready to run, and had of course bent his elbow back, but he knocked a poor resident straight in the nose. He turned around. “Are you alright? I’m sorry, I didn't see you.”
The child cried and grabbed his nose that had been bleeding. There would not have to be as much acting considering how hard he had been hurt. “That’s what you said last week when you kicked Betty! And the week before that when you hit Johnny in the eye!”
“What?” Zeke was confused. “I’ve never done such things.”
“Zeke would never do that.” Rebecca insisted. 
Simps and Gregory came over and saw the new kid.
“Who are you?” Gregory was confused.
“I’m from Cambria.” The kid sniffled as the man in charge of Zeke’s career helped him out. “That’s it. I didn’t trust them, but I see it now! You’re a cruel man and you smack kids!”
“Zeke never hits kids!” Gregory, Simps, and Rebecca said simultaneously.
“This is a trick, a dirty trick.” Rebecca insisted as the judge of Zeke tried to clean the new kid’s nose.
“Trick?” Murphy looked at the poor kid’s nose. “Looks like real blood to me.”
“Mommy. It hurts. Help me.” The kid grabbed his nose again. Ouch. Still, no matter how hard it hurt, he only got one opportunity to do this. “That’s it, we won’t buy ‘it’s an accident’ anymore. All of us that you hurt are going to come forward!”
“Hurt? I never hurt anyone.” Zeke insisted. “I’ve never seen you before -" He watched as his hands were brought behind him and being cuffed.
“Well, I work out probations, suspensions and partners, but my specialty is the law.” Murphy held up his second badge. “I’m also a police officer. Stay right there, Ezekiel.”
“You can’t do that,” Rebecca yelled.
“It’s okay, Rebecca.” Shari finally spoke. “Calm down. Getting overworked doesn’t help anyone.”
“Shari is right.” Zeke continued to smile as he felt the handcuffs on him. Not an easy feat. But he couldn't overreact, not with all the impressionable children everywhere. The kids continued to complain, giving testimonials, swearing on whatever they could, anything to get Zeke out of the situation.
“Look kids, it looked like an accident.” Murphy replied as he hung up his phone. “These allegations are serious,  and an investigation has to be conducted as we speak.” He heard his phone ring back. “Yes? Okay.” He rubbed his chin awkwardly. “There are twenty kids in Cambria that have confessed you have physically hurt them in some way.”
“Never!”
“Zeke would never!”
“They’re lying!”
“Zeke is awesome!”
Zeke appreciated all the testimonies the residents gave, it was pleasant to hear he meant so much to them. However, the physical reality did not escape him. The testimonies coming from Cambria weren't good. They would count because they technically were within his jurisdiction. Even though he never did anything in Cambria, there was no way anyone would believe him. 
“Zeke would never do this,” Rebecca yelled for the fifth time until Shari put her hand on her shoulder.
“Rebecca.” Shari bent down to her and gave her the most pleasant smile. “It’s going to be okay. Don’t get angry, anger is going to blind you. Zeke can take care of himself, but continually yelling at someone never solves problems. Let’s stop and concentrate instead of shouting. Okay?”
Rebecca looked sadly at Shari. “Everything is turning rotten.” She had a mean look on her face. “Like a rotten Varmint. Everything is his fault.”
“Yeah, Timmers is to blame,” Simps chimed in. The other kids started to agree.
“Calm down.” Zeke tried to calm the children as well, but the kids were angry and terrified for their hero.
“Blame isn’t going to help.” Shari tried to reason with the children. “No matter how bad things look, Zeke will be okay.”

Finally, the children stopped shouting as much. Everyone watched as Marcus finally came over.
“Marcus,” Rebecca shouted as she went to her guardian urgently. 
“Okay, well...” Murphy groaned as he heard the reports. “Yes, thirty five kids in total.” He shook his head. "This'll be in courts awhile. And I'm afraid," he rubbed his head, "you have to have a perfect record to be a Paladin."
Zeke touched his wrists. “This isn't going to turn out well, is it?”
“I don’t think I can take you off probation. You've now got cases against you. You can no longer be a Paladin.” Murphy admitted. “Sorry. I’ll probably see you again in three months when the first cases get worked out. I’ll be in Cambria for another day until my plane arrives.”  Everyone watched as he took off.
“I wish I could give those kids a piece of my mind,” Tina yelled as she crossed her arms. 
“Yeah. How could anyone say that about you, Zeke?” Simps agreed. That was low.
“My sister.” Shari simply said as she looked at Zeke. “Sorry again?”
“It’s not your fault.” Zeke smiled at her. “So there are some rumors, it will not stop me from doing what is right. So I lost my job, it's not going to stop me from helping the residents.” He grinned at Marcus. “Hello Marcus.”
“Uhhh...” Marcus held some papers in his hands uncomfortably. He moved back a few steps with Rebecca. 
“Marcus?” Zeke noticed the strange look on Marcus. “You trust me, don’t you?”
“Oh, of course,  Zeke, you've been here for a long time. You’ve always been excellent at taking care of everyone.” Marcus waved a paper. “The only thing is...” he sighed. “We can’t break the law. Lost Secret is a safe community for a reason. If you are suspected of a crime, you cannot talk to the kids. In fact, they should not be any closer than fifty feet from you.”
“What?” All the children yelled.
“That can’t be true Marcus,” Rebecca yelled. “Zeke?”
“Now now children, back up.” Marcus insisted. “I know it’s unfortunate, but if you break the law from now on, it’s Zeke who gets punished. We’d....we’d have to drive him out of Lost Secret.”
"Can we still hang out with him?" Benji whined.
"Yeah, we're not kids." Anne insisted. "We're like adults, were older."
"In this instance, you count too." Marcus said softly.
“But-”
“I know. Just, children, everyone, be good.” Marcus tried to reason as the residents wouldn’t back off. “If you don’t, this will only get him kicked out. The true overseer of Lose Secret will not be sympathetic.”
Shari watched as Zeke quickly made his way onto the closest roof.
“You are right, Marcus.” Zeke reasoned. “You should keep the kids back. A few months are better than leaving Lost Secret.”
“But Zeke-“
“We can’t just-"
“It’s a trick.”
“Marcus?” Zeke knew he could not communicate directly to the kids. “Please escort the residents away from me. Tell them, I’m sorry, but it will only be for a little while. A few months.”
“He’s right,” Shari understood. She approached the kids. “It’s okay, just imagine he’s on vacation for a few months. Before you know it, you can talk and play with him again.”
“Zeke?” Rebecca was practically crying as she looked at him. “Marcus, can’t we change it? Can’t we make exceptions?”


“Marcus.” Zeke said in a low tone. “I understand, just tell them that I’m sorry.”
“I know.” Marcus sighed. “Oh, if you are found guilty, we have to kick you out. I’m sorry. Come along everyone. Show's over.”
“Marcus, it’s for the best.” Zeke replied as he watched everyone solemnly walk away. When they were far enough away, he jumped back down. “Great. I hurt children now.”
“Not officially, just a suspect.” Shari corrected him, but it didn’t sound much better. “None of the kids believe it.” She groaned. “Oh Tracy.”
“And Timothy.” Zeke added. “Together, these two are...” He groaned. “I never had all these problems until these two joined forces. Two villains against one Paladin-one former Paladin- is not easy.”
“My sister.” Shari was about to tell him that she wasn’t a villain, but she couldn’t say that. Not this time. “She wants to protect me.”
“I lost my clothes, my food, my tower, my credit, I’m on probation and now? Now? I cannot even talk to the residents.” He tilted his head back. “I wish Mister Watch had been real. I could have guarded another area, but still visited Lost Secret."
“Zeke, I am sorry.” Shari insisted. “You’re not going to leave, are you?”
“No.” Zeke sighed. “I have to hope everything works out, but my hope is running thinner. Either way, I can never be a Champion Paladin again. Not until every case is taken care of. That will be a long time with thirty five cases.” Tension could be sensed in his voice a mile away. His job was one thing, but taking away contact with the children? With the people he grew up with? He wouldn’t be able to joke, to laugh, to play, but most of all? He would not be able to help. When Benji needed a scolding for chasing Anne and Emily too much. When Anne's glasses fell off when she climbed the trees. When-when “How can I help being fifty feet away? How can I even do something as basic as run? Do you know how big Lost Secret even is?”


“I’m sorry again.” Shari groaned. “This is all my fault.” She was waiting to hear the familiar ‘it’s not’ but it didn’t come this time. Zeke was not happy at all. She hadn’t seen him so unhappy since their first few days of training. It took a lot to rile him up, and this had been too much. Zeke did not even smile as he stood next to her. She looked over at Zeke one more time. No, she couldn’t do it. Not anymore. “I won’t do this. I’ll go back to medication.”
“No.” Zeke closed his eyes. “I won’t give in. Sorry I am quiet, I don't blame you. I just...I like everyone in Lost Secret. They're like family, and now I can’t even be within fifty feet of them because I am being accused of...” He couldn’t even bear to open his eyes. Timothy could never  have pulled that off alone. 
“Look at him. Awww...” Timothy laughed as he watched from afar. “He is miserable. He is unhappy. This is the first time I’ve seen him this depressed. This calls for something big, something huge. A party? Let’s throw a party. A ‘he’s finally out’ party! I’ll go get decorations. Finally, no more Hippie."
“Fowr powr!” Sammy clapped and laughed as she danced with Timothy.
“Big Boy, don’t get so excited.” Tracy reminded him. “We have to give him back his old life if Shari gives up and goes back to medication.”
“Huh?” Timothy stopped dancing. “Oh yeah,” He sneered. That’s right, he couldn’t have both. “At least he is in a nightmare he cannot wake up from. No more playing with anyone in Lost Secret.”

“Zeke?” Shari got up from her pushups to check up on him. For the last two hours, he hadn’t moved much at all. “You need to move.”
“I have to exercise every three hours.” Zeke told her. “I’ve been so active I only need it once every three hours. I just loved it before."
“I’ve got an idea.” Shari tried to cheer him up. “Let’s go for a run?”
“Risk coming closer than fifty feet to kids? I won’t make them stay indoors just because I feel like running down their street.” Zeke reminded her. “I never thought there was anything worse than medication.” He sighed. “I guess there is.”
“That’s it. I can’t do this to you anymore,” Shari gave up. 
“If you quit, you give in.” Zeke reminded her.
“My happiness does not come first over someone else’s.” Shari said as she quickly ran out of the house.

“Shari? Oh no.” Zeke got up and slowly started to run after her. He knew where she was going. His speed had been slower as he watched where he had been running. No closer than fifty feet to the children. Which were considered most of the residents. A small part of Zeke didn’t want to go after her. Tracy and Timothy had double tag teamed him so much they had taken everything away. If she went back on, he would get it all back. Somehow, Tracy would be able to turn around the statements in one night, before any serious cases could be published into print. 
But a much larger part knew that he could not give into that. Whether he won or not in the end, it would not be decided by Tracy. It would be decided by Shari and no other. 


Timothy's house…

“Well, Shari.” Tracy grinned as she saw her sister come in. “Hi. Here for a friendly visit?”
“Stop,” Shari warned Tracy. “Just stop everything against Zeke. You want me to stop this bet, then fix everything for him. Find a way to let him be a Champion Paladin again. Do that and I’ll give in.” She sighed. “You know, he said I could have up to half a cup of sugar without being killed.”
“Not taking that risk.” Tracy growled. “Medication is the safest way. Timothy? Fetch her a pill.”
Timothy laughed with delight as he presented it to Shari. “Finally came to your senses?”
“You know, Timothy.” Shari looked at the pill. “In the past, I would tell you to basically go to hell. Right now, I guess all I can say is I’m disappointed in you.” She pointed at the pill. “When I get back on that, we’re probably going to be over.”
Timothy grumbled. “Well, I have to accept that risk. I want my Shari Kari back.”
“Your vision of her is not coming back.” Zeke showed up next to her. “Don’t take it.” He warned her as he looked at Timothy and Tracy. “I don’t care what you two do to me or my reputation. Even if I do end up leaving Lost Secret, Shari will never be on medication unless it’s her choice.”
“Zeke.” Shari groaned. “Don’t do this.”
“Timothy and I can get everything back for you, including your spotless reputation and being able to play with the kids and take care of all the cute residents.” Tracy smiled at Zeke. “Not that I had anything to do with it, but I know people and I’m sure I can help too.”
Timothy leaned toward Tracy. “Do I have to help?”
Tracy shoved him in the shoulder. “Timothy. Do you want Shari back or Zeke to leave? Come on.”
“...”
“Timothy!” Tracy crossed her arms. “That wasn’t a choice.”
“You know...”
Tracy and Timothy looked at Shari again.
“I’ve lost my house, my money, my food supply, my dignity, and I even dragged Zeke down with me. It wasn’t until this moment though...” She looked at Timothy. “You’d rather have Zeke gone then be with me?”
“No, I want my Shari!” Timothy whined like a child as he stomped his foot. “Don’t you get it? Look at you. Up and around and moving and playing all day, You’re not Shari, you’re another freaking resident who refused to grow up. I don’t want anything to do with you!”
Shari was speechless as she took a step back. “Timothy?”
“Get on the medication, and I will be with you again.” Timothy urged her. “Now take the pill."
“I’ve got six days.” Shari answered softly. “I’ve got six days to make up my mind. I don’t care what you two do.” She glared at Timothy. “I don’t care what you think of me. I’ll decide and no one else!”
“Okay, fine.” Tracy glared back. “Then deal with Zeke being thought of as a lousy child abuser and being out of work for years. Really, have fun with your temporary housing. Oh, that’s right you only get a month, and he still isn’t going to be working. Gosh, just think? He can’t even go to Marcus’s because Rebecca is there. He’ll be sleeping on the ground, all alone, every night, the rest of his life.” She directed her attention back to Zeke. “Does that sound like fun? As long as you are a resident of Lost Secret, you’ll never even get close enough to see those kids’ faces.”
Shari looked at the ground at the papers on the floor. “I don’t get it, where did you even get these ideas?”
“From this.” Timothy proudly handed her the paper they used. “Yes, there is no way Zeke will be in Lost Secret for much longer.”
“Fowr Powr!”
Zeke looked at Sammy just a ways off and backed up more as Sammy approached closer. Even such a small child could not get close to him.
“Here,” Shari handed the paper roughly back. “Zeke? I’ll be back. I have to visit Cambria.”
“What?” Zeke watched Shari take off. “Why is she going to visit Cambria?” He was expecting some kind of look that would explain it, but Tracy just looked at Timothy as if maybe he knew. Everyone was clueless.
What was she up to?


Chapter 31: Sidekick
 
Tracy read the paper over and over again as Timothy continued to scout. Why in the world did she take off? “Why did she go to Cambria? She can’t go there, they’ll throw her out or do something worse. Damn it Shari Kari, what are you thinking?!”
“Zeke is back.” Timothy groaned as he spied out of his window. “Looks like he didn’t find her.” He looked over at Tracy. “Why couldn’t he find her?”
“I don’t know. Oh, I hate this! What is she doing?” Tracy started to chew on her fingernails in frustration. Why had her sister visited Cambria? “If she’s going to try and make all those kids tell the truth, she’s crazy. That’ll never work in Cambria.”
“Oh, she’s back.” Timothy laughed in triumph. “She’s getting out of a car with...the officer?” He looked over at Tracy. “What could she do with Murphy Day?”
“Shari, what are you doing?” Rebecca asked as she saw Shari with the officer. 
“Rebecca, you need to get back at least fifty feet.” Shari smiled. “Don’t worry, I have a feeling it won’t be long.” She watched Zeke approach closer now that Rebecca was back far enough.
“What are you doing?” Zeke had to ask. “Why’d you run off to Cambria?” He groaned. “It wasn’t very welcoming.”
“Zeke. You know, you're good. You're exceptionally talented.” Shari smiled. "And I think you've got a shot at getting it all back."
“How?” Zeke looked at Murphy. “You will give me my job back?”
“No.” Murphy shook his head. “Not Paladin, I can’t.”

That was worth it to ask. “Well, at least I know.” Zeke smiled fakely. Again. Oh, he was beginning to hate smiling like nothing was wrong for all the people of the town.
"But Adventurer, I can. A High Champion Paladin is equal to a low level Champion Adventurer for physical testing." Murphy crossed his arms. "I believe you and the residents here about the charges, my sixth sense tells me that it's fake. However, I can't use my sixth sense as evidence anymore as I'm a retired Champion Adventurer." He tapped on his notepad. "I can tell you that often times when Paladins get into something tough, becoming an Adventurer 'erases' it. Too much paperwork, it accidently gets 'lost' because no one wants to make transition papers over again. And as I overlook those papers, I guarantee it'll be OK."
"Adventurer?" Zeke rolled his head back along with his eyes. "Would I have to leave?"
"If you actually start to save men, women and children, you can stay." Murphy assured him. "And you're automatically contacted if something world threatening creeps up. You must help protect. On the other hand, you get paid a lot better. No more credits."
Zeke shifted his weight to one side. Champion Adventurer was never what he wanted to be. He didn't care about rescuing those in danger. How many people were actually in danger in Lost Secret? He never did anything except help out, and assure no one accidentally hurt themselves. Then again, sometimes he did have to rescue, and he wasn't too lousy at it. "What if no one needs rescuing?"
"Then no one needs rescuing." Murphy assured him. "If you think you can make it, do it. Paladin is gone, I can't help you there. Of course, there is an serious issue if you do it. A sidekick must-"
"I knew it." Zeke interrupted. 
“If you make it and find yourself a sidekick, then you’ll be good.” Murphy replied.

“Ooh! Me me me!"
“I could do it!”
“I missed out last time, but I can try this time!”
“Are there physical tests?”

“Not a showoff sidekick, only a pro sidekick.” Murphy groaned. “Look, you have to be eighteen or over, Adventurer Sidekick is a job, and you have to be able to get legally paid for it.” He looked at Zeke. “Anyone?”
“It’s an official job? They can’t be children?” Shari groaned. 
“Nope, no kids, an Adventurer Sidekick is a real job. You have to pass a physical strenuous test, and you must be over eighteen.” Murphy repeated. “Now, Zeke? I know Lost Secret is small, but is there anyone you’d want to consider training for the position?”
“Someone who could keep up. Someone who is strong and good of heart. Someone who is not a child.” Zeke looked over at Shari. “Someone who is athletic and loves to move fast enough to accomplish the goal. There is only one person who could do it.”
“What?” Shari took a step back. “Zeke, you can’t be serious.”
“It would not be easy, I admit,” Zeke warned her, “but there is no one else in Lost Secret.”
“...” Shari moved around on her feet uncomfortably. “Zeke?”
“I know.” Zeke confessed. “Having a sidekick was not my biggest dream.” He took a deep breath. “I know you have the rest of the day and five more days to decide. It’s what we agreed on, but do you know yet?”
“Mostly.” Shari watched as Tracy and Timothy rushed over with Sammy. “Fifty feet with Sammy, Tracy. You of all people know that.”
Tracy stopped about fifty feet away as she held Sammy. “I heard you. What are you considering, Shari? Sidekick to an Adventurer?”
Timothy didn’t say a word as he glared at Shari and Zeke. 
 “Look, I can only stay for so long,” Murphy reminded them. “Pick or I have to leave without a date to come back.”
“Share,” Zeke said as he strolled over to her. “I need to warn you. I don’t want to, but I have to. This is not going to be easy.”
“Of course, it's Adventurer Sidekick.” Shari replied. "Adventurer."
“Adventurer Sidekick is difficult, and it will be difficult. Still...” Zeke looked her straight in the eye. “No more medication is more than worth it.”
“Shari.” Tracy's voice was on edge. “Shari, just give in and he can have everything back.”
“Don’t give in and we could still get everything back.” Zeke grinned. “You will no longer need to worry about shelter or food. As an Adventurer Sidekick, you will be paid in cash, not credits, and you will live with me in the rewot. Everything up to you, Tracy will have nothing over you.”
“Live in the rewot?” Shari asked again. "What's a rewot?"
"Nevermind that," Zeke said, “The point is, everything they took, we can get it back. It takes effort, patience, and faith. Did I mention effort? It will take a lot of effort.”
“What if this vibe you now have disappears?” Tracy warned her. “What about Timothy? The only legitimate boyfriend you’ve ever had?”
“That’s a weird statement,” Rebecca said from her porch.
“Oh, it’s not. I remember those creeps.” Tracy assured her. “And JNSQ, what about JNSQ? How easy would it be for an enemy to defeat you by throwing soda down your throat?” Tracy yelled.
“Shari!”
“It won’t be easy,” Timothy added as he pointed at Zeke. “If he says it’s not easy, it’s probably impossible.”
“It’s not impossible.” Zeke disagreed. “It will be difficult. Like the first few days of training hard.”
“Oh ho ho,” Timothy pointed his finger up. “Remember that? Remember when you called him names that I can’t actually say in front of children? Do you want to go through that again? You said it was like being in you-know-where!”
Shari covered her ears. “Okay, that’s it. How long would training take?”
“Most times, they train for months for Adventurer Sidekick.” Zeke confessed. “Quick training is a week but is not recommended.”
“Either way, you’re off the hook.” Shari nodded. “If I make it, I will stay off the meds and help you see this through to the end to get you out of this mess Tracy put you in. If I don’t make it, I’ll go back to meds, and Tracy will take care of it.”
“Shari,” Zeke said firmly. 
“You said it was my choice before,” Shari reminded him, "and this is my choice. One way or the other.”
“Well?” Murphy looked at Zeke. “When do I come back?”
“Five days.” Zeke answered
“Five days?” Murphy frowned. “You should at least take a month or-“
“Five days.” Shari repeated. 
“Well, okay.” Murphy looked in the distance. “You can go into the rewot to train, but if she doesn’t make it, neither of you stay.” Murphy warned them. He pulled a remote from his uniform. "Stand back, this'll need room."

CLICK.

The Earth started to rumble around everyone's feet. Everyone watched as the Tower began to creak. It slowly began to rise and separate itself from the ground until it was floating. The top of the tower began to descend downward while its bottom lifted upward. Looks of shock and awe were on everyone's faces except Murphy's. He looked like he'd seen it a thousand times before.
"Look at that, it's actually flying," Benji yelled. "Zeke's place is flying."
"Floating. Towers don't fly," Murphy corrected him. "Flying tower," he scoffed as he hit another button. Before everyone's eyes, the tower began to disappear. First, its turret seemed to fade away like an eraser was being pulled gently across it. It continued until it vanished completely from sight.
Zeke lowered his shades to look at his almost invisible rewot. It spanned almost the entire length of the small town. 
"How do you find the opening?" Shari had to ask.
Murphy pushed a button on the remote and the sky parted into a square hole where a ladder fell downward. He tossed the remote over to Zeke. "Don't lose that remote, without it you'll never get into the rewot again. It is worth more than a Paladin's life." He covered his mouth. "Sorry, habit."
Zeke pretended he didn't hear the comment as he caught the remote. It would be one of the things he would have to put up with if he made it.
"Measure yourself for fittings too, you'll wear uniforms if you make it." Murphy looked Zeke up and down. "Good thing."
Zeke heard Timothy snicker behind him. Well, at least he could still wear his tinted shades. He watched as Murphy proceeded back to the car.
"Can we honestly make it? Do you think I can actually make it?" Shari asked.
"We'll try." Zeke closed his eyes and took off his shades. Adventurer. Uniforms? A Sidekick? Bummer.  He had the opportunity to get out from Tracy. He had the opportunity to correct everything.  After this, she would not be able to mess with Shari or him. Accepting that this was his final shot to stay and help in Lost Secret, he slid his shades back on. "Let's go."


Chapter 32: Just Not Cool

“Ready to begin your training?” Zeke asked. “It’s going to be hard, but if you can push through, it’ll be worth it.”
“Yeah.” Shari nodded. “I’ll do what I can. Where do we begin?”
“Right here.” Zeke held up a DVD. He pushed a button on the wall, and a screen emerged from the wall with a slot on the bottom. He placed the DVD in the slot. “Everyone is required to view this. It’s fifteen minutes, but more than fifty percent of applicants quit after this part.”
Shari watched the introduction to So You Want To Be An Adventurer Sidekick. As she watched, her expressions changed from positive to extremely negative. Oh. Okay, she didn’t know exactly how to take what she saw and heard. Maybe Timothy could be right, maybe medication was the way to go. “Z? Are those facts right?”
“I’m afraid so,” Zeke said, “two out of ten don't survive training. You will sign a waiver before you start too.”
“Oh. What? Saying no one’s responsible if I leap off to my death?” Shari groaned. “How in the world do I do this?”
“You have to want it bad enough.” Zeke replied. “I promise, I will do my best to keep you alive. As best I can.” He smiled. “You have to have faith.”
“Just do your best to keep me alive and I’ll do the rest.” Shari turned off the video. “I have to say, this has got to be the dumbest thing I’ve ever done. Now what?”


“Again.”
Shari refused to grumble as she strived to flip just right. She flipped two times and landed on two circles on the floor Zeke had called oven rings.
“Not perfect. Again.” Zeke watched over and over as Shari did her best to learn how to flip just right. They had worked for three hours straight, but he couldn’t let up on her. She understood the severity, and this time, did not constantly complain. “Again.”
“My back is starting to hurt a little.” Shari informed him as she got ready. “Should we try something else?”
Zeke shook his head. “Again.” Shari sighed but put her arms up. She flipped once, she flipped twice and landed mostly within the circles. “Still not quite correct. You have to land perfectly on the test.” Zeke insisted. “There is no time to think, you just have to know.” He did a half turn and landed perfectly with one hand in the air and one on the circle. “No matter where you are, you must know exactly where your target is. There's no time for playing around.”
“I understand,” Shari nodded. “I’ll try again.”
“Yes, but I have to add something.” Zeke looked at the circles. “Normally it’s two weeks before I should train this way. You and I both have to pass some difficult tests. Sorry if you get hurt, but we have no time to dawdle.” He pulled out the Rewots remote and aimed it at the floor. "Come over here, were starting the first set of oven fire rings. Shari watched as the circles had grown red edges from the sides. Before she knew it, the entire two circles were surrounded by a glowing fiery red. Ooh, that explained the name.
“That’s no trick.” Zeke pointed to the floor. “You must land perfectly on the cool spots, the circles themselves. If you land even on the edges, you will receive a nasty burn.”
“You know...” Shari stared at the circles on the floor. “I always wondered how Adventurers knew how to aim so perfectly. Now I wish I didn’t know.”
Zeke backed up. “You’ve done it before, don’t be scared. Just follow your gut and do it.” He proceeded to flip three times, perfectly through the first five oven rings.
“Two flips. Two flips and land in the cool centers.” Shari put her arms up. “I can do this. I can do this.”

Zeke could tell as soon as she started her second flip she wouldn’t make it. He looked away as he heard the loud scream.
Shari quickly pulled backwards and landed with a thud on the floor as she felt her right hand. Almost perfect, but her little pinky was just a smidge off. Just a smidge was still enough to get one nasty burn. “Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!” Zeke ran over and gave her a cooling towel and was ready with gauze. “I am sorry. I bet that hurts.”
“Ow...” Shari tried to focus off the pain. 
Zeke wrapped a small amount of gauze on the hurt part. “There you go.” He tried to smile. “You almost made it. Maybe you’ll make the next one?”

Several burns later...

Shari looked at her right hand. Two fingers were bandaged up, along with her thumb on her left hand.
“It’s getting close to bedtime.” Zeke watched his clock. “Considering this was your first half of a day, you did very good.” He watched her stare at her hands. “You’re going to start calling me Coach again, aren’t you?”
“No, Z.” Shari smiled at him even though her hands were still in pain. “It’s not your fault, I’m not sturdy enough yet. I’ll become proficient.” She looked back at her hands. “I better make sure I don’t lose anything important before I try out. Like my life.”
Zeke nodded in understanding. Dealing with Shari for an entire month had not always been easy. Chasing after her, getting her off Gregory’s roof, guilt from leaving her with the Sergeant, dealing with Timothy and her sister, and the unforgettably cruel things he had to deal with the first few days. If she made it, he would have to deal with her for much longer than a month. It would be rough, long and a difficult journey. He could train yes, and he could teach her, but he was not used to having someone beside him. In his early days, he had left Lost Secret, been through the re-teaching program to understand and live on the outside, and then tried for Adventurer Sidekick. It had been a pain, and after all that trouble, he got stuck with one of the most ignorant Adventurers ever. 
It might be another reason he liked guarding Lost Secret as a Paladin. Those Adventurers were about fame and fortune. Each time they rescued an individual, they were paid, just like him. In a city, they rescued hundreds, sometimes within a week. The Adventurer he had served under was not the nicest or most giving. He did not want to live on the Rewot, instead relaxing in an estate while Zeke lived there. The Adventurer would go out on the weekends to rescue and complain, but send Zeke out all day long, every day, to do nothing but rescue. Save men, save women, save children, and then take off. There was no fun involved, no real goal. Once rescued, people were courteous, but he never saw them again. That was when he knew that he wasn't made to be an Adventurer Sidekick. In less than a month, he quit, tried for Paladin and headed back off to Lost Secret. It was for the best and where he was the happiest.
Well, at least he wasn’t rescuing in a city. Zeke had to admit as he saw Shari doing her best with her aching burns that she did have spirit, and she wouldn’t slow him down as fast either. Still, sharing his place, his food, and everything else required would not be fun. He wasn’t used to it, but he'd have no choice. If she didn't make sidekick, she took medication. There was no way around it. He watched his clock on the wall. “Seven O' seven. We are late for bed.” He walked over to the side. His old bed had crashed at the sudden turning of his tower, tonight he'd make do with a mattress. 
“You don’t hog the covers, do you?”
Zeke looked back at Shari still nursing her hand. “I've got another blanket and pillow.” He looked around the ground, knowing the small cubby spot should be on the ground now instead of the side. It was strange, having his tower on its side. He'd grown used to running up and down the stairs. Now, there were no stairs, and it was one long, deserted hallway. As he thought about how much everything was changing, he saw the colored cabinet door on the ground. He opened it up and saw the spare blanket and pillow. “Here you go", he said as he tossed it to Shari.
Shari barely caught the items with her hands. She put the pillow on the mattress, lied down and covered herself up. “You'll have a bed too.” Zeke patted the mattress he was sleeping in. “Adventurers are treated with the utmost respect, finest living conditions, and we'll have beds that float just like our rewot." He groaned. "I hate Champion Adventurers, but I have to be one.” 
"I know, you're more simplistic and natural," Shari said, "but I think you'll be the best Adventurer around. A Paladin turned Adventurer. You'll be respected highly too, Adventurers are higher than even doctors to many people."
"Paladins fine, Adventuring is…oh, it's just not cool." Zeke groaned. "If anyone unsavory comes into town, I can't call up an agency for a Champion Adventurer. I have to take care of it." He crossed his arms. "Not that anything serious happens in Lost Secret. Good thing, I don't want to fight."
Shari grew quiet and looked away. 'It'll never follow me,' she thought, 'Don't think about it. Lost Secret is safe and secure, no one is going to come.'  Yet, she had a nagging suspicion. Zeke never hurt anyone as long as she knew him. Not one kick, not one slap, he even refused to cuss. What if anyone found out she went to Lost Secret? Would Zeke have to tangle with real crime? Had he ever tangled with real crime? She doubted it. There's no way he knew what real crime was about if all he had ever guarded was Lost Secret. 
As Zeke lied beside her, she noticed how different everything felt. If she made sidekick, she'd be with him every day. She'd see him in those annoying tinted shades every day, with the same carefree views every day. And how in the world could she be with Timothy if she would be his sidekick? Would she still want to be with Timothy after everything he'd done? “Oh, how am I gonna do this?”
Zeke laughed. “I know, I remember what my first time was like. You'll be OK.”
“I hope you're right,” Shari stretched and got comfortable. "I hope you're right."


“Where are you going?” Timothy said as he watched Tracy start to pick things up and put them in boxes.
“Shari made her deal,” Tracy reminded him. “If she fails, she’ll take the pills, I win. If she makes it, then she won and I lost. I took away her housing, her money, her job, and I tried to even mess with Zeke. Once he becomes an Adventurer I can’t do much anymore. I can't mess with him then, security goes up 200 percent.” She threw in a frying pan. “Either way, I’ll have to see how it goes.”
“So you’re just leaving?” Timothy couldn't believe it. “You can’t leave! You promised not only to get Shari back on the pills, but to make our relationship ironclad. Zeke had messed it up enough. Even if she goes back on the pills, how am I supposed to get her back now?”
“Oh Timothy, it’s so easy. Shari may talk tough, sometimes, but she’s a sugary wimp. First off, you need to apologize for what you said. A little romance in the right spot and any woman can be manipulated.” Tracy looked over at Sammy. She looked away and went back to packing her things. 
Timothy noticed the look and looked over at Sammy. He had never asked before, but that look had caused some curiosity. Shari had never told him anything personal about Tracy. “Are you divorced?”
“I wish,” Tracy groaned. “No.”
“Then what about her?” Timothy pointed down at Sammy.
“Guys are creeps. All guys are creeps.” Tracy practically growled. “They promise you the world, they promise you everything and anything, and if they can’t get it then they promise that they’ll lasso the moon for you.” She turned to look at Timothy and grinned. “That’s why you’re the perfect guy for my sister.” She touched his hair and watched him move her hand away in disgust. “You’re not interested in anything all guys are after, you’re just a boy. A big boy!” She laughed and went back to packing again. 
“Tima!”
“Uh.” Timothy groaned as he picked Sammy up. He looked at her eyes and facial features. “She looks like you at least.”
Tracy couldn’t help a small smile. “Why Timothy Varmen, are you trying to make me feel good?”
“No.” Timothy put Sammy back down. “I don’t make anyone feel good.”
“Okay,” Tracy chuckled. “I am glad she does look more like me. I couldn’t stand it if she had red hair like her father.” She groaned. “Jerk.” She threw her kitchen pans a little rougher into the box.
“Don’t give in until you get the ring. Lesson learned.”
“Give into what?”
Tracy just looked over at Timothy and chuckled. “You are so cute. Aren’t you going to miss Sammy at all?”
“No.” Timothy watched Sammy pull on him. “How could I miss this? She whines, she plays, she’s annoying. Why in the world did you want this?" 
“She was an accident. I didn't think it took a genius.” Tracy folded the top of her box. “Mommy was not what I was going for. I liked my life. The free time, staying up and going to sleep when I wanted, watching TV, and not dealing with crying,” She groaned. “Couldn’t just give her away, and I’m glad I didn’t.” She picked Sammy up. “I love my little Sammy.” She looked over at Timothy. “I’ll have the movers come in tomorrow. Oh, I miss the city.”
“What if she makes it?” Timothy asked again. “Look at the damage we caused both of them together. If she makes it, we could still turn her around somehow.”
Tracy groaned. “With what? I’ve used all my ideas.”
"Are you going to give up on your sister? Come on.” Timothy crossed his arms. “She’ll end up in trouble.” He cracked a smile now knowing her weakness. “I’ll never date her like that, who knows who she’ll end up with? Plus suddenly getting energy after all this time of not having any, who knows what she’ll do? Does she have any names picked out?”
Tracy’s eyes grew with sudden realization. “Oh no, you are right Timothy!” She set Sammy back down. “She has to get on medication, she will mess up her life. Okay, maybe I’ll stay.” She groaned. “I really don’t want to. Maybe, if you help me with Sammy’s diaper changes?”
“What? No!” Timothy gagged.
“Okay, three a day.” Tracy gave in. “You have to get up for nightly duties if she has problems.”
“...one diaper change.” Timothy finally agreed. “No nightly duties. You wouldn’t want to depend on me anyhow at night.”
“Good point.” Tracy chuckled. “Okay then, we’ll stay but just until Shari gets on medication again.” She smiled at Timothy. “As for you, do you have a tuxedo?”


Chapter 33: Drum Circle Leader

“I am going to fail miserably on this sidekick test.” Shari joked nervously as she heard what she had to do. “Can we go back to the non-hot oven rings?”
“No,” Zeke gestured ahead. “We had five days, that’s it. This is pushing it as it is, I am preparing you the best I can for what will be measured on the test.”
“Okay.” Shari stared ahead at her task. It was mid afternoon, and she had finally mastered her hand landings and her foot landings within the oven rings. Now, Zeke wanted more. If she had been on medication right then, she probably would have been freaking out. “At least it’s a new experience.” She raised her arms up. “Okay.”
Zeke jumped up and hung onto the wall. “Good luck. Remember, you have to hit all the rings for the fire to go away. He pushed a button on the remote and the entire floor was surging with heat.
Shari stayed between two rings as best she could as the entire floor of the ship turned a dangerous glowing red. She had to hit every single right spot on the floor with either her hands or her feet before the standard floor came back. Each time she hit a circle the light would go off, but that would be the only help she had. Oh goodness. Okay, I’ve just got to concentrate.
Zeke watched her flip across the room and take out eight circles. “Good job, you’re doing well! You’re going to have to flip up the wall before you reach the-“
“OW!”
“End.” Zeke watched as one of her fingers got burned. He watched as she battled on though and ignored the pain. Flip, flip, too fast, not quite, oh, she got it, now flip, flip, flip, flip on the wall, then go backwards and-
“OW!”
Zeke watched her press on. She almost had it, just two circles on opposite sides of the room. Flip, flip, flip, flip, flip! “You did it!” He watched the floor switch back to normal and joined her on the floor. “Great job! We are ready to move on.”
“What?” Shari held her hand up. “I messed up three times.”
“You pressed on, and they weren't serious burns. That is about what I did when I ran this test.” Zeke smiled. “We are done playing with circles. Now, it’s time to learn something harder. Exiting.”
“Exiting?” Shari had to ask.
Zeke walked over to the front of the ship, clicked a button on the remote and as he suspected, a door opened to his flying machine. He never had to use it much before, and it felt strange not jumping down to retrieve it. “We are now in the air, we can't just walk down the tower. This is one thing you'll need to learn to use."
"Is it that hard to learn to fly?" Shari questioned, "guess I better get started, I know nothing about flying."
"No, it's easy to operate, but they will time you in getting in it and how you get in it. From the end of the rewot and onward."
Shari looked at the flying machine. “I have to land in it?” Okay, glowing hot floor was one thing. If she messed up, she got burned. If she messed up with this? “I could break my leg with that stunt.” “You have to, it’s the only way to get here fast enough. Or so they claim. I think it's an egotistical trip for Champion Adventurers." Zeke scoffed off. "On a quiet day I used to best it in 14 seconds. You need to do it in 20 seconds.” Zeke replied. “Try not to break your leg, or the practice will be over.”
Used to? Shari began to wonder. Paladin was so different from Adventurer, yet Zeke seemed to go through the motions almost routinely. “So...I need to nail this landing just right, and I have to do it in 20 seconds?” Shari asked.
“Yes. From the back.” Zeke pointed all the way back. “Like flipping across town.” He admitted. “You'll get tired, and it will be harder to get it, so let's start one third of the way down first. Okay, 22 seconds.”
Shari looked around where she had to land. It wasn’t small circles, and there was a large enough area. As long as she paid attention she shouldn’t break anything. She went about a third of the way back. “I'll try ten big flips and two small flips.”
“Everyone's different.” Zeke got out of her way. He couldn’t help but smile, she was beginning to guess where she needed to be and how wide to make her movements to make the landing. “Okay. Go!”
Shari flipped twelve times, timing it out as best she could and landed with a thud in the machine. “28.” Ooh, that wasn’t good. She went ahead and flipped out back to her starting position. She waited for his signal, and flipped even faster, still trying to be accurate. She landed again with a harsh thud. “27.” Not wasting time, she flipped out and flipped back to the starting position.

Fifteen minutes later...

Zeke tried not to yawn as he stared at the clock. "28, 29, 26, 27, your numbers are too long. “You must move quicker.”
“I am doing my best,” Shari replied as she tried to concentrate. Accurate but fast, accurate but fast.
“24.” Zeke smiled at the number. Her best time yet, but she still had a long way to go. “Good job, but you need to get down to 22. Even one second longer could cause a delayed response.”
“I’m trying, Zeke.” Shari insisted. “I won’t give up until I get it right.”
“Shaaaaarrriiiii! Shari-iiii!”

Or unless Timothy comes, he thought. Zeke looked down and saw the steps they had climbed up now moving around. “You seem to have a visitor.”
Shari walked over to the ladder and looked down. “Timothy?”
Timothy held flowers in his right hand along with a card in his left. He was dressed in a tuxedo and shaking the ladder. “Shari! We need to talk! Come down!”
“Go.” Zeke smiled at her. “See him Share, and then we’ll continue your training.”
Shari nodded. She climbed down the ladder, wondering what had gotten into him now. She jumped off and stood in front of Timothy. “What is it Timothy?”
Timothy held out some roses to her. “Here. Umm...” He shifted around. “I know what I said was unfair. I didn’t mean you were not my Shari.”
Shari crossed her arms. “It was cruel. You’re letting my sister stay with you, so you can get me back on medication to win a bet that doesn’t even matter to you.”
“I know, and it’s not that.” Timothy groaned. “Hippie has changed you. I don’t like what he’s done to you. In fact, I wish you never took that bet now.”
“Timothy, don’t start.” Shari warned him.
“I know, I know what you’ve decided.” Timothy held out the roses again. “I’ve been a fool, I miss the way you used to be, but I miss you  more. Not seeing your face next to me is what I miss most. Isn’t there something we can do, so we can still be together? I don’t want you to be mad at me. You’re my friend, my girlfriend, and I want to be with you. I just...I don’t know how.” He held out the roses again. "I was born in Lost Secret," he muttered, "I don't want to be considered a typical resident, but I am lacking in some areas. Forgive me?"
Shari looked at the roses, this time accepting them. “You’re still letting Tracy live there.”
“I want you on medication, that has always been clear.” Timothy sighed. “In fact, you used to think the same thing. How many times did you promise me that you would not fall into this and let Zeke take you away? Huh?”
“Timothy.” Shari looked back at the roses. “This is surprisingly sweet. You can be charming at times, but did Tracy put you up to this?”
“Eh.” Timothy shrugged his shoulders. “Fine, what if she did? This I wrote, though, it's one hundred percent made by Timothy Varmen.” Timothy held up his poem and cleared his throat. “I hate people here, but I like you. I like the way you talk. I like the way you walk. I like the way you like me, even if I’m not the best. I really, really, really, really hope you fail this test. I am a bit of a villain, and even though you’re not. I still admit I like you...even though I got caught.”
“Well,” Shari chuckled. “That sounds like you. Thanks for the motivation you jerk.”
“Even if you pass it though...I still like you. I probably should have put that in there somewhere.” Timothy placed the poem above the flowers. “I didn’t mean the other day that I’d choose Zeke leaving over you. I just wanted both, but if I can’t, I’d rather have you. I really want you back the way you were. I will deal with this, not much choice.”
“Timothy.” Shari rolled her eyes. “I know you want me on medication, and even though the flowers are sweet and the poem was thoughtful, I’m not changing my mind. I wish you could let me choose my own path. Don’t you understand?”
“Oh, absolutely.” Timothy pulled out a flyer. “I was thinking of joining this fantastic club. What do you think?”
Shari looked at the flyer and frowned. “Timothy. This sounds like a cult.”
“Yes, I know. I want to join though.” Timothy replied. 
“A cult?” Shari was confused. “Timothy, you can’t join this. Cults change people, and some even get people killed.”
Timothy shrugged his shoulders. “I want to join.” He crossed his arms. “I wish you could just let me choose my own path. Even if it changes me, or may kill me. Don’t you understand?”
Shari groaned. “Okay, I get your point.”
“You may see fun in your future, but I see no such thing. I will stop you as best I can because I think your sister is right. Medication is best.” Timothy gently grabbed her hand. “You didn’t think I saw this?" He touched her fingers delicately. "You’ve burned yourself, and for what? To become a sidekick? Things will just get worse. If I were smarter, I would give up on you, but I can’t.” He tried to give her a pleasant smirk. “Is any of this getting through?”
Shari groaned. Where was that old fashioned sense of anger? Nothing. She knew everything Timothy had done to her, yet just couldn't hate him. “I get it.”
“So?” Timothy grabbed her hand closer. “How about a date again? Just, try not to move around so much, please.”
“You were very cruel. This is remarkably sweet.” Shari sighed. Oh, she was going to regret this. “Okay, but I don’t just want to-“
“I’ll take you to Ahara tonight.” Timothy interrupted her. “Only an hour away, the city is beautiful. I have reservations to one of their nicest restaurants.”
“Really?” That surprised Shari.
“Yes, at Seven O’ clock. Just promise me one thing?” Timothy put her hand back down. “Don’t burn yourself so much just to please him.” He shook the ladder again. “Hear me, you heartless Hippie! What kind of drum circle leader are you?! Chant, smoke grass and stop making her hurt herself! ”
“Timothy, no!” Shari grabbed his hand off the ladder. He had used her gesture against her as he brought her to him and stole a kiss.
“I’ll be waiting for you,” Timothy said as he took his lips off hers. “Hopefully, you lose so that your sister can get out of my house, and you can come in. You’re the only person I want to share it with.”
Shari waved goodbye as Timothy left. She looked at the flowers and briefly smelled their aroma.
“Done yet?”
Shari looked just a little above herself. Zeke was smiling, but he seemed a bit more testy than usual. “I’m done, Z. Let’s get back to training.”
Zeke went up the ladder first with Shari following behind him. “Share? There’s something we need to talk about before we continue.” He went into the rewot and gave her a hand up. “Timothy.”
“There’s not much else he can do,” Shari insisted. “I know, I’m an idiot.”
“No, you’re not. No matter what Timothy does, you won’t get angry at him.” Zeke admitted. “In the past he nearly blew up my tower, he’s trapped me in my tower, he's hired fake residents to turn on me, just a never-ending list, and I still couldn’t do much more than find him disappointing. You’re not crazy, just different now.”
“I feel crazy.” Shari looked at Timothy's card again. “I want to feel anger, but I feel a sense of sadness mixed with sorrow, compassion and joy that he told me that he still likes me. Maybe there’s some irritation in there and a smidge of anger but...”
“You feel everything more clearly, not just the dominating emotion. You are hypersensitive,” Zeke reminded her. “It’s the reason you sense others anxiety.”
“It’s getting worse,” Shari complained. 
“No, it’s an extraordinary thing. You’ll need that, it will make this job much easier. Besides, it'll look fabulous on your application. They will label it under super power, and you get paid more. Nothing as fancy as ice or fire powers, but amiable benefits.” Zeke informed her. “This is not what I wanted to talk about though." Zeke held a manual up for Shari to see and flipped through the pages. He gave it to her and pointed at a small section.
"Villain?" Shari saw Timothy's name labeled under the Villains section. "You're kidding right?"
"Timothy is, in every sense, considered a villain. He wants to change the town, get rid of it and make it a resort. Several times my dutires pertain to dealing with him harassing residents. He makes kids cry, teases people, he's…he's a spoiled brat." He blurted out. "Every town has to have someone labeled as villain, and he's the worst resident of all. So, if you pass the test, you will be my sidekick.” He gestured with his hands. “Officially, he's a villain. A relationship between the two of you might lead us toward complications.”
“Timothy’s living with my sister, and he’s doing everything in his power to get me back on medication.” Shari reminded him. “How much more complicated can it get?”
“When he does something wrong, we have to stop him.” Zeke flat out said. “I don't care whether he's doing nothing but pulling Anne's hair. You do know that?”
“Yes I know.” Shari agreed. “Let’s get through one thing at a time.” She flipped back to her starting position. “I agreed to a date at eight.”
“I heard.” Zeke replied. “You won’t have as much energy tomorrow when you're getting to bed later.”
“I didn’t want to say no,” Shari said, “and I should have wanted to, but I didn’t want to see him hurt.” She smiled at Zeke. “Don’t worry; I’ll still perform great tomorrow.”


Chapter 34: Permies


“See? A nice restaurant in Ahara, as promised.” Timothy gestured around as he put a napkin down on his lap. He tried to ignore her slight yawn she covered up.
“Sorry.” Shari apologized. “I’m used to going to bed by now. I’ll wake up though.” She smiled. “Thanks for the ride.”
Timothy looked at his menu. “The rabbit food is on the back.”
“Oooh...” Shari looked at the salads. “That sounds really good.”
“Mine will be much better.” Timothy bragged. “I can of course have anything I want, so there is no competition.”
Shari just chuckled. “I’m sure you’ll enjoy it, and I’m sure I’ll enjoy mine.” She glanced around. “This really is a nice place, thank you for bringing me.”
"You become a vegetarian hippie yet?" Timothy had to ask.
"No, I have to be careful though. Hidden spices in meat, smaller portions of things and such." Then Shari added, "and Zeke isn't vegetarian. He just watches his food intake."
"He watches everything," Timothy chuckled. "He's a hippie, and don't say it's not true. Peace. Love. Marijuana, he can't deny it. I've spotted him." He chuckled. "You have too I bet."
"Well, when I was first waking up after my first trip up there, I thought I saw something." Shari shook her head. "Doesn't matter. He keeps the town in synch nevertheless."
"Keeps the town in synch?" Timothy scoffed. "Don't say such a foolish thing. He's the reason the town can continue the way it is."
"He takes care of it," Shari disagreed. "Why can't you just let-"
"-pests play endlessly in it like it's a gigantic fun park that never ends?" Timothy looked up from his menu. "Because every child grows up, Shari Kari Johnson. Every kid leaves a hometown at least once. They get a job, they get fired, they split up, they get together, know love, and have other kids. That's the way it's supposed to be." He slammed his menu down. "Look at the residents, the grownups. Not Marcus or Sharina, look at the others. Take Benji and Anne. Every one of them should have left, gotten married, divorced, had kids, or done something. They can't do anything. They don't even have jobs. You've noticed that, right?"
"Yes, I have." Shari admitted. "I was wondering how-"
"They grew up there as permies. Permanents, their parents left them. Kept up the bills for the house, but never returned except for visits here and there. They went through Lost Secret's school system up until the third grade. That's as far as you have to go here. The Third grade. The government doesn't want to add anymore, after all, they'll never do anything with that knowledge. They'll stay here, forever, never growing up and always playing because they think that's life. And you know it's not, you've been on the outside just like me."
"If it's the way they choose to live-" Shari began but was cut off.
"There's no choice, they know nothing else. One day I grew curious when I was playing tag at seventeen years old, and wondered what was out there. I applied for re-teaching. A program that would reteach me everything I knew and about the outside world. Once finished, I came back and swore I would change this town. There is so much out there, and they'll never know because they are too busy playing."
Shari didn't want to listen, but she knew he was right. She had believed it too before she came to Lost Secret, and that was only with the children. She had no idea that adults lived that way. 
"And Zeke, the best role model of all time to you," Timothy continued, "refuses to help them. Just lets them carry on playing, never learning anything more, and never directing them to where they should be going in life. All he does is come down, play, share his wisdom and have band aids on hand." He picked his menu back up. "You think he wants to help them? You honestly think he's the best thing for Lost Secret?"
"Timothy, it's complicated," Shari said. "He grew up here too, he went through the re-teaching as well, but he still believes this town is the best. I think it's a matter of opinion, but he does what he can in this town."
"Benji's madly in love with Anne." Timothy told her. "Has been for years. Quite obvious, and I'm sure you've noticed more than once or twice his 'stiff' problem. Zeke knows it, he knows that Benji should be telling Anne what he's feeling. Has he?"
Shari closed her eyes, why was he making such sense tonight? "I don't know."
"No, he hasn't. He keeps him from playing 'close proximity' games together," Timothy explained. "I'm sure you've seen more than your fair share of feelings being unexplored here. It's the way they were raised, not to explore. Never to kiss, never to…become more adult." He leaned back in his chair. "Zeke was retrained, but only to a certain point. He's never seen the obvious, that this town should be closed. That it needs to turn into something better."
"Oh, a condo? A resort for the rich adults themselves?" Shari questioned. "Don't act like this is entirely selfless. I know the many problems this town faces, and I agree, and I disagree with Zeke on things."
"Of course, he's an idiot," Timothy couldn't help but add. "And you'll never understand any local that was born here. Every single one is different." He rubbed his head. "Even I'm different. I'll be different from normies every day of my life no matter how hard I try."
"Oh, Timothy." Shari grabbed his hand gently. "I'm sorry. It's true, you have some moments where people can tell you were raised in Lost Secret, but overall you've grown up quite well. You seem normal to me."
"Tracy always called me Big Boy." Timothy complained. "Nothing but a giant boy."
"She means that in a good way," Shari chuckled, "and you're not like regular guys, it is true. Your mind is different because you were raised differently, but that's why I like you. Even if you haven't exactly been the most supportive boyfriend, you've been my best." She smiled. "By a longshot."


Timothy lifted his head higher as he heard music. He watched others starting to get up to dance. "I can do a normal thing right now." He stood up and held out his hand. “Come on.”
Shari looked surprised as she stared at his hand. “You want to dance?”
“Yes, let’s not make a-” Timothy was cut short as she stood up and gave him a passionate kiss. “...what was I saying?”
Shari chuckled and brought him out farther on the dance floor. Slow dancing was about the only dancing she had a chance to learn. “Ouch.”
“Don’t give me ouch,” Timothy complained as he accidentally stepped on her foot. “Hippie has been burning your hands, and you’re complaining about my foot?”
“Sorry,” Shari chuckled. It had hurt, after all her feet were in just as poor condition. Him striking it with his foot didn’t lessen the pain, but she couldn’t bear to let him feel guilty. “Thanks for this dance, Timothy.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Timothy held her closer, trying to concentrate on the steps.

You’re doing swell, keep it up Big Boy! Move to stage two.

Timothy scratched his ear as he adjusted his earplug that Tracy had been giving him advice through. He sighed as sadly as he could manage. “Well, we’re dancing. A movie would have been much nicer though.”
“A movie is at least an hour and a half,” Shari tried to explain. “It’s past eight, Timothy.”
“I never get to see you,” Timothy hugged her closer as they danced. “Only Hippie gets to see you, all the time. What difference will one movie make? I miss watching movies with you.”
“It’d be at least nine thirty until I get...” Shari fidgeted. “Well...okay, one movie.”
“Yes.” Timothy spun her around. “That’s my Shari Kari. We’ll eat and go see our movie.”
“Shouldn’t we just go now?” Shari asked.
“Our food will almost be here,” Timothy reminded her. “I already paid for us.” He sounded down again. “You didn’t want to come here after all with me?”
“No, I did. We’ll eat, and we’ll catch a movie,” Shari insisted.
Timothy gestured toward the table. “Let’s eat first then. What kind of movie would you like to see?”

Tracy practically jumped up and down behind some potted plants. Who knew their biggest advantage was, in fact, feelings? Whatever Zeke did to her sister, she could now undo. With enough investigation and interviews with Timothy, she understood a lot about Zeke’s faults, which had now become Shari’s.


Zeke woke up again as he saw the time. “Ten O' clock.” He looked back on Shari’s side of the mattress. Why wasn’t she back yet? She was out for three hours and still not back. Was Timothy trying something? That had to be it. She had a busy day tomorrow, and she had to be in tip-top shape. She needed rest. He groaned but got up. Worrying about her would not let him sleep, and they both needed sleep. He grabbed the remote to the rewot and hit FLY. It'd been years since he'd had to steer a rewot. Hope you still got it, Zeke thought.

“That was great, Timothy. The movie was longer than I thought,” Shari admitted. “Still, it’s ten thirty...” She groaned.
“Was it worth it?” Timothy asked. “Was I worth it?”
“Yes, of course.” Shari smiled and gave him a gentle kiss. “We haven’t spent time together for so long, it was terrific. Now I have to get to bed, I am exhausted.” She looked up higher and didn’t look as happy. “The ladder's gone?”
“Oh?” Timothy looked where she looked up. “Ugh. Of course, he must have taken the entire rewot to go check up on you because you are a little late going to bed. You’re an adult, make that clear to him.”
“Oh, he must be disappointed.” Shari realized. “I shouldn’t have been this long.”
“You are not happy about staying longer with me?” Timothy looked away. “I understand.”
“No, I did. I do, I loved our time together.” Shari assured him. “What should I do? I’m tired, do we have to go back to Ahara to reach the rewot?”
“No, of course not. Come to my place or go to Rebecca’s.” Timothy suggested. “Oh, but then Hippie might be a bit upset you didn’t meet up with him after he wasted his night looking for you.”
“You’re right. Getting sleep while he’s out looking...” Shari yawned. “...for me wouldn’t be right. Okay, let’s...” She yawned again. “Let’s head back towards Ahara. We’ll find him somewhere.”

Half an hour later...

“There it is.” Timothy pointed above his car at the appearing hole in the sky. “I had a fun time. Do you want to do this again soon?”
“Ummm...well, I’m sure it’s late enough.” Shari insisted. “I should wait until after the training.”
“Oh.” Timothy looked away. “I’ll see you every five days then, if I’m lucky?”
“Timothy, don’t feel bad.” Shari got out of his car. “You don’t quite understand.”
“I’m trying to make things up to you.” Timothy sighed. “You’re not making it easy to do that.”
“Yes, I am. I can, just, can’t you wait a little while?” Shari asked. “Please, it won’t be long.”
Timothy just sniffled. “You say that now. Think about how long it’s been? I don’t know if I can believe you.”
“You can,” Shari insisted.
Timothy watched Zeke descending the ladder toward them. “Then we can go out again tomorrow?”
“Sure.” Shari replied.
“No,” Zeke walked over to Shari, his tongue in his cheek. “Where were you, were you in trouble?”
“Z," Shari didn’t know what to say. “One thing led to another, and it got a little late.”
“Won’t happen tomorrow night,” Timothy added.
“Tomorrow night? No.” Zeke took off his shades and pointed them at Shari. “You have to train. Do you see how much sleep we’ve missed? We are not going to be the best we can be tomorrow.”
“Don’t yell at her,” Timothy cried overdramatically. “She wanted to spend extra time with me. She wants to spend time tomorrow with me. She already said yes.”
“Share,” Zeke said as he tried to keep his voice neutral, but he must have been tired. “This is not the time to be having fun at night. You need sleep.”
“But...” Shari looked over at Timothy. “He misses me.”
“I do. Terribly.” Timothy smirked at Zeke. “It’s not right to keep us apart. Is this what it’s going to be like if she becomes a sidekick? Can I never date her again?”
“She needs sleep,” Zeke repeated. “It’s very late, Timothy.” He pointed up the ladder. “Shari, you should head to bed.”
“She will need sleep every night,” Timothy said as he looked sadly at his lap. “Does that mean we can never date?”
“Then during the day,” Shari tried to suggest.
“If you make sidekick, you will be working the whole day.” Zeke reminded her. “Maybe you could date on vacation time?”
“Vacation time?” Timothy’s lips trembled. “I get it. I understand, I can’t date you anymore.”
“Yes you can. I’ll learn to stay up and get up early too. I can do it, people can get used to smaller amounts of sleep.” Shari smiled at Timothy. “It’ll be okay.”
“People who get smaller amounts of sleep than us, do not become Adventurers or Paladins.” Zeke's voice sounded annoyed. “Sleep, we need sleep. Can’t we figure this out later?”

“Will it change later?” Timothy suggested. “It’s best to figure out a plan now.”

Good going Big Boy. Tracy spoke through the earplugs again. You’re making them extra tired. If you could push them just a bit further...

“It’s not best to figure out a plan at...” Zeke looked at his watch. “Eleven forty? Twenty minutes it will be midnight!”
Shari yawned, “Yeah, I’m tired. Let’s go to bed.”
“But what about a plan?” Timothy whined.
“Oh, Timothy, knock it off,” Shari groaned. “I can’t deal with you right now, I’m tired!”
Timothy nodded. "I see, you get cranky when you get overtired."
“Yeah, yeah, see you tomorrow.” Shari headed up the ladder. 
“Tomorrow, we will figure something out,” Zeke insisted as he climbed the ladder too.


Chapter 35: NCS

"33, 32, 30, 33." Zeke looked at Shari’s numbers as he yawned. “You can’t even get in the 20’s anymore.”
“So?” Shari groaned. “You can’t talk without yawning. I’d like to see you...” She yawned. “...do this today. I can barely stay awake.”
“We did not hit the bed until almost midnight,” Zeke groaned. “This is why I go to bed at seven. We must give up and go back to bed. We will only become more tired, and it’ll get dangerous if you are too tired to...” he yawned again. “...flip right.”
“It’s day three, though. We can’t waste an hour.” Shari reminded him. “Why oh why was I out so late? It started out only being dinner, but he seemed so sad, and I couldn’t help it, I just...I wanted him to be happy. He missed me.”
“Well, I understand.” Zeke replied. “As much as he does, he needs to realize you need these last three days. You have to be the best you can be. Every hour of training makes a difference. It will too, if you pass this. These are only the little lessons to help you pass. There is so much more that you need to learn. You’ll have to figure out something, but please? Cancel your date tonight?”
“He’ll be sad,” Shari groaned, “but I’ll be so tired if he does that again. It was lovely spending time with him, but I do need sleep. How can I say no? I used to never have any problem telling him no. I can’t say no anymore.”
“There are some things you have to say no too.” Zeke said. “It doesn’t make you any less of a nice person. Sometimes, it’s smart to say no. If I never said no to Timothy...” He yawned and then chuckled. “...I would not be in Lost Secret right now.”
“Touché,” Shari agreed, “you’re right. I’ll get more sleep and then I’ll call Timothy and cancel.”
“Good,” Zeke nodded. “You are doing the right thing.”

“I know but-,” Shari spoke into her cell phone. “-no, I don’t want to make you feel inferior. Timothy, this is super important to me. Yes, our relationship is super important too. No, no, I’m not saying that, I just mean give me three days...just three. No, I’m not lying. Yes, I know we haven’t gone out much but...”
Zeke rubbed the bridge of his nose. “Tell him that you can’t come, goodbye. Say goodbye, just say goodbye.”
“Look, I can’t come.” Shari tried to repeat what Zeke said. “I love you but-no, I’m not trying to cut you off. No, you don’t have to come down here. Sweetie? Honey? No, please don’t sound so sad.”
Zeke strolled over to look out the window. Timothy never cared to go out every night, why was he trying to do it so much now? Share can't take the lack of sleep, she pushes herself all day now just like me, Zeke thought. There must be a reason. Well, Timothy wasn't his concern. Perhaps he should go take care of something he could help with?

Rebecca sighed as she kicked her legs back and forth on the bench.
“Rebecca?”
“Hi Marcus.” Rebecca sighed. “Do you miss Zeke?”
“Oh yes, and he misses you and all the others as well.” Marcus pointed a couple houses down. “He says you should cheer up and have faith in him and Shari. Faith will...” Marcus looked at a piece of paper. “Well, here.”
Rebecca smiled as she saw the letter. “He says I need to have faith. It’s just that, I know Shari’s skilled, I’ve seen her. She’s fast and determined but, she’s not even a Paladin.” She shrugged her shoulders. “Less than a month ago she couldn’t walk without a cane, and now she’s going to pass an Adventurer Sidekick test?”
“You have to have faith.” Marcus pointed to the letter. “Zeke knows you’re upset, and he wants to help you understand. He hates when people are feeling depressed.”
“I know,” Rebecca smiled. “I’ll try to have more faith, for Zeke at least. He just can’t stand when people feel bad.”
Zeke watched from a distance as he heard the conversation. Not even being able to talk to the kids one on one was hard. Soon it would be over, one way or another. He’d do just about anything to keep her from feeling bad. He raised his head a little higher as something occurred to him. He couldn’t stand Rebecca being sad, but he couldn’t hurt Marcus either.  He continued to think to himself. Shari can’t stand anyone feeling depressed anymore, like him. She has to say yes, and Timothy knows that? Timothy knows that!

Zeke wasn’t surprised when he returned and still saw Shari on the phone.
“After...after...Timothy, please don’t start this again. Can’t you wait three days?” Shari sighed on the phone. “Yes. Yes, I know I always said I wanted-”
Zeke grabbed the phone. He yanked his tucked in shirt out and rubbed it across it constantly to generate static. Then he hung up. 
“Z?” Shari was surprised by the action.
“He knows.” Zeke gave her the phone back. “He is using you Share, he knows you can’t turn him down. Talking one on one will make it too hard. Come on, I think I know how to get him off your back for at least three days.”
“What about training?” Shari asked.
“Just come on,” Zeke gestured toward the ladder. Finally, he could get Timothy off of Shari’s back.
Shari climbed down and saw Rebecca waiting below. “Rebecca?”
“Hi. I got a message from Zeke,” Rebecca waved a note. “Having Varmint problems?”
Shari smiled. Timothy hated that name. “Maybe a little. I can’t seem to tell him no anymore.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll help.” Rebecca insisted as she grabbed Shari’s hand. “Lucky you. You get to take a break and hang out with me and Tina. Tina will undoubtedly be able to put Timothy in his place.”
“I don’t want to hurt his feelings,” Shari insisted. “I need him to stay away for the rest of today, and two more days, that’s all.”
Rebecca laughed, “I’m sure we can manage that.”
“Thanks,” Shari couldn’t help but thank her. “I never thought not being able to say...” Shari’s attention was diverted to the left when she saw someone in a sno cone stand, someone familiar. Shari strolled over and looked closely at the man behind the sno cone counter.
“Why Miss Johnson.” The man held out a sno cone toward her. “Want some? My treat.”
“Rick,” Shari couldn’t believe it. “What are you doing here?”
“Oh, I overheard your sister some time ago about your dilemma.” Rick took a taste of the sno cone. "Cherry red is delicious. I’m not here to tempt you at all though. Doing anything tonight?”
“Training,” Shari said in a firm voice. “I have a boyfriend too.”
”Training huh? Great, that is great.” Rick put the sno cone down behind the counter and leaned forward. “Boyfriends don't bug me. So, how about next week?”
“No, no, no,” Timothy marched over to the new sno cone man. “Who are you? Why are you flirting with my Shari?"
“Let me guess, new guy?” Rick smiled. "Shit ain't he jealous?"
“Rick, get out of here!”
Rebecca and Shari both watched as Tracy angrily marched over to Rick.
“...I’m tempting her with a sno cone?” Rick chuckled. “Oh come on Trace, you know me.”
“Out, out, out!” Tracy screamed. 
“It’s a free world and a free job,” Rick said. “I haven’t hurt anything. Have I Shari?” He smiled. “I haven’t, right? You still have NCS.”
“You’re a rotten bastard!”
All the kids stopped playing as they heard Tracy’s shrill voice.
“Don’t get used to anything Rick, Shari is going back on medication.” Tracy growled.
“Come on Rebecca,” Shari insisted. “I should go train. Let’s get back to the rewot.”
“What’s NCS?” Rebecca asked.
“It’s nothing, it’s personal.” Shari said hastily, “I need to go. We will deal with Timothy later, I need to get back to training,” Shari shouted as she climbed up the ladder. Climbing wasn't an easy task, she needed to learn the airplane, but she went as fast as she could upward. “Timothy’s taken care of, let’s get going Zeke. Oh, here’s a brilliant idea! Why don’t we train away from Lost Secret? Change of scenery for a couple of days.”

Zeke looked back at her. “Leave Lost Secret? I thought the kids could take care of Timothy. All they have to do-”
“Just two days,” Shari insisted. “I need to concentrate, and I can’t concentrate in Lost Secret.”
“Shari?” Shari heard Rick’s voice. “Please, baby?”
Zeke looked down at the ladder. “Another new person in Lost Secret?” He groaned. “What is Tracy up to now?”
“Nothing, Tracy wants him out.” Shari insisted. “Z, just two days away? Training above Lost Secret is no different from training above anywhere else.”
Zeke rubbed his head. More baggage? How many secrets did she keep? “Why is he here?”
“That’s not important.” Shari looked down at Rick. “You need me to get my focus off Timothy, and trust me, I need to keep my attention off of the guy below too. Please? I can train so much better.”
“You don’t want to tell me what is going on?” Zeke asked. “At least tell me, is it life threatening?”
“No,” Shari said, her words still coming fast. “It’s just personal, old fling, not life threatening.”
“Okay,” Zeke agreed. “I trust you. We’ll leave for the rest of today and part of tomorrow, then we’ll come back. Agreed? Old fling or not, this is where I live.” Zeke looked out the window. “I love Lost Secret.” He looked at the remote. "And I really suck at flying."

“21 seconds!” Zeke shouted in delight. “You did it.”
Shari repeated the trial ten more times, but she had finally locked in 21-22 seconds with her flipping. 
“Okay, get on the hood.” Zeke insisted. “I didn’t have you do this because-“
Shari flipped easily back into the machine from the hood.
“-I knew it would be easy after all that.” Zeke finished. “Now, time for the hard part. We are over water, but try not to fall. I’ll lower the ship down further.”

Oh I knew it was coming, Shari thought as she coughed. “Ummm...learning how to fly?” Yeah right, there was more. She knew it, and from working so long on the rewot, she knew what she had to do wasn't going to be easy. This is where the chance for death came in.
"The plane? Oh, that's easy. No, the board. We're in a tower, on a tall tower, on its side. There isn't enough time to grab it from the other side of the tower than come running back to the landing hole." Zeke gave her a strained smile. "See that big blue button next to the exit hole? Push it, fall, and it will shoot out at a 75 degree angle. You must catch The Board, and ride it to the surface. In this case, the surface is water."
"It's a skyboard, a waterboard, and a skateboard?" Shari cocked an eyebrow at him. "I have to grab a board in mid-air and ride it down."
"For snow, ice, you name it," Zeke placed his two middle fingers down with the rest of his fingers and thumb shooting up. "Once you get the hang of it, it's groovy. It is about the only thing I miss about the old days. When you get the hang of it, it'll be your favorite departing method. The sensation, Shari, its a thousand times better than anything. I bet it's better than-" He stopped himself and patted his finger and thumb together. "Anyhow, let's try it.. When you hit the water, climb back up the ladder and try again. Ready?"
Shari looked out the door. “Any advice?”
Zeke shrugged. “Trust your intuition? When you’re ready.”
Shari took a deep breath, preparing herself for the freezing waters below. "Okay." She pressed the button and jumped.


Chapter 36:  Dangerous Curves

Zeke stayed still and waited for the inevitable yell and the sound of a large splash. No one ever made it on the first try. He watched as she climbed back up the ladder, apparently freezing but tried again. He heard a yell again and a large splash. Good thing when no one caught the board it programmed itself to always come back, or this training would be much longer.


Ten minutes later...

“Z-z?” Shari shivered. “I-I-I c-c-could actually g-g-go for s-some sh-shugar. H-hot ch-chocolate. What I wouldn’t g-g-give.”
Zeke grabbed a blanket and wrapped it around her. “Sorry, this is all I can really do.” He rubbed the blanket against her skin that was gleaming with droplets. Last time he made her get wet like that, she had been mad as a bull, but this time there was no ounce of a rebellious streak. The front of her blue blouse was wet too, quite apparent with the perks in front. Instead of like last time, she didn't even seem phased that he saw her in that condition. He tilted his head back in the direction of her arms. He knew through re-teaching he shouldn't even be looking in that vicinity of a woman who had a boyfriend. And she had one. Even though it was no one but Timothy, the worst resident of Lost Secret, it still counted. Then again, there were supposed to be degrees of closeness that a man and a woman were when they became a couple. Would Timothy be able to touch-
“I-I don’t think I-I’ll ever make this.” Shari interrupted his thoughts. 
“This is the hardest part,” Zeke agreed, moving his attention toward her face instead. It was hard not to see how much she had changed since their first days of training. Not only had she lost some weight, but her skin had become more tan, rich. Her eyes, even though she was jumping in and out into the water, were so filled with life and spirit. He found himself smiling at her. “It’s like riding a bike though. Once you learn it once, you’ll never lose it. You're getting closer, trust me.”
“Th-th-this is so hard. C-can’t I just h-h-help out without a board?” Shari asked. Her voice shivered, as well as her body against him. Trying to ignore the foreign feelings it was stirring inside, he said, "I’m afraid it’s not that easy. The test won’t be over that, it will be over what I’ve done with you. The rest is up to me to teach you.”
Shari just held the blanket closer to her body. “It’s f-f-f-f....” She couldn’t seem to get the words out anymore. “...f-f-freezing.”
Zeke couldn’t push much further for that day. “We’ll take a break from this, I don’t want you to get hypothermia.”
“Oh, I-I-I’m probably past that p-point,” Shari complained. 
“Are you tired or confused?” Zeke asked.
“A little t-tired,” Shari said, “but not really confused.”
“You’ll be fine.” Zeke went and got her another blanket. “Please take your clothes off.” Shari cocked her eyebrow at him.“You need to warm back up. Take your wet clothes off and put some dry ones on. We’ll try tomorrow, but no more today. I’m sorry you have to practice in cold water, but this is where you will do the test most likely. I want you to understand your conditions.” 
“Plus f-falling in freezing water is a v-very good reason to latch onto that stupid b-b-board.” Shari gestured for him to turn around. 
Zeke did as he was told and turned around. Would Timothy have had to turn around? Wow, why was he thinking about that?
“Z? Toss me the towel.” 
Zeke tossed her the towel, his eyes dropping to the bottom level of her against his will. He turned back around quickly. When did Shari develop those curves? He leaned on the side of the ship, feeling a burden occur down below.
 Not now, not now, he thought. Think of anything, not Shari getting dressed behind me. Just, anything else! She's a girl, you've seen those before. 
True, he couldn't over react. There was a naked woman behind him after all. Surely any guy would be having a small problem with that. 

“Do you think I can really do this?" Shari asked from behind him. "Oven rings and jumping to a machine was one thing. Leaping for my life in the sky for a board, it’s a whole other ballgame.” Shari wrapped the blanket tightly around her. "This kind of thing is for video games, it shouldn't be for real life. Okay, I'm dressed again.
“It’s not just for a board.” Zeke explained as he slipped off into a corner instead of turning around. “Once you can catch the board, you can catch anything. You never know what could happen in midair.”
“Good point.” Shari agreed as she rubbed her head with the blanket, trying to dry it out. “It’s just that I have a much better chance of catching hypothermia than it.” She tossed the towel away. 
“Don’t worry, we’ll practice everything else again. It’s always advantageous to stay on top of things.” Zeke said as he started to push some controls. "Let's get the fire started." It would also give him a moment to regain control of his body.
"Good idea, from water to burning fire," Shari said, muttering her own opinion.
“Two days left.” Shari grumbled as she got into her bed. “Z? How many more things do I have to learn?”
 “A lot, but we can’t cover it all.” Zeke admitted. “We can practice the hardest things. If you can catch the board tomorrow, I can almost guarantee you'll pass the test.”
“If I can’t, I don’t.” Shari groaned as she felt the mattress suck her in. “So much is riding on this.”
“Don’t think about it tonight,” Zeke replied. “Just concentrate on sleeping, don’t think about the future right now.”
“How can I not think about the future?” Shari asked. “I mean, a lot is riding on this. You’re safe either way, but whether I go back to medication or not is all going to be decided in two days. Sidekick or medication.”
Zeke rolled his eyes, “Let’s go to sleep and forget it for now?”
“I can’t, I can’t stop thinking about it. Time is almost here.” Shari took a deep breath and exhaled. “How am I going to do this?”
Easier to do than getting any sleep. Zeke tried to hide his groan. After last night, he wanted to get a full night’s sleep. Was this what each day would be now? Hanging around her, twenty four seven? Was she going to chat his ear off each night before bed? “I don’t know. You’ll make it or you won’t. Can we please go to sleep and please stop worrying?”
“I can’t help it,” Shari said. “My whole life is going to be decided in two days.”
Zeke covered his head with his pillow. What good would it do, he still sensed all the anxiety coming from Shari. Another long night.

“Stop worrying so much and just trust yourself.” Zeke insisted to Shari as she began her fourth dive for the board. He waited for the inevitable splash, but it didn’t come. He looked out the door and laughed. “Yes. See, I told you that you’d get it.”
Shari laughed as she rode the strange board in air. Finally, she got it before she even started chattering this time.
“Come back. Let’s do it at least twenty more times perfectly,” Zeke insisted. “It will not be as easy if they do decide to test you on land instead of water.”
“For land?”
Zeke watched as she raced inside. “Don’t worry, I told you. Once you get it once, you’ll get it again and again. You want to practice many times before land. Just in case, it’s smart.”
“I could die.”
“Don’t think about what’s underneath you, just go.” Zeke smiled. “Don’t worry, before you know it, you will be comfortable in the air. Okay?”
Shari groaned. “Okay. Twenty times? How about fifty times or maybe one hundred perfect times?”
Zeke looked at his watch. “If you want, you may practice until three. Then we should practice over Lost Secret.”
“Should I make a will?” Shari asked. “I’d like to rewrite my will.”
Zeke chuckled. “You’ll be OK. We’ll be up high enough that if you fall wrong, you might break your leg instead of dying."
“Break my leg instead. Sounds better than committing suicide,” Shari agreed.
“After a few times, I shall teach you how to fly the rewot. It's a bit tricky. After that, we're done. The test will begin the next day.” Zeke watched Shari’s worried look. “Don’t worry, you're going to do an awesome job.”
“Oh, I hope so.” Shari sighed, “I really hope so.”




At 3:00 over Lost Secret...

“You can start anytime you want.” Zeke insisted.
Shari felt the wind blow through her hair as she stared down below. She had a small audience below. “Are you sure I won’t die if I miss?”
“Most likely not.” Zeke approached the opening slowly. “You did this over one hundred times over water.”
“Water versus land, there’s a difference.” Shari bit her lip and closed her eyes. “You know I’m not real comfortable with this. If I was on medication would I be screaming right now at myself?”
“Most likely,” Zeke had to admit. “Don’t worry, just imagine it's water.”
“Can we go down lower?” Shari asked as she tried to make things out.
“Can you see Tina? Is she happy or sad?” Zeke asked Shari.
“Neither, she’s not looking, she's teasing Simps,” Shari said
“We are down low enough then,” Zeke said.
“Actually, no, wait, uhhh...no, no, uhhh that might not be Simps. I don’t think that’s them, I can’t even make the kids out.” Shari tried to lie. It didn’t work. “You’re not gonna fall for that.”
“Desperate times, desperate measures. You’re gonna be okay.” Zeke insisted. “Do I need to push you off?”
“You better not,” Shari frowned. “I have to time this just right.”

“Okay then, one minute.” Zeke crossed his arms. He didn’t want to get bossy, but they didn’t have time for her to get the heeby jeebies. She could do it, she just had to trust in herself. “Forty five seconds.”
Shari closed her eyes and took a deep breath as she hit the blue button and plummeted to the ground below. Even though the land below approaching must have been scary to her, she still managed to catch the board.
“See?” Zeke laughed as he yelled down at her. “No splatter, you did it. Now come up.”
Shari sighed with relief. “Scary, but you were right.”
“You will make it every time.” Zeke insisted. “As long as you think and have faith in yourself. It's all about finding your inner self," he pointed to himself. "You've got to believe in the spirit of love, peace, and faith. You've got to. Let’s practice this until six, then I have to show you how to fly the rewot.” He pointed back out toward the door. “Have fun.”




Chapter 37: Naughty Words

“So two hours to learn this whole horizontal tower?” Shari seemed skeptical. “How hard is this going to be?”
“Not too hard." Zeke gave her a manual. “Some is new to me too, so I can’t show you everything. Basics are here,  and more advanced are there.” He flipped through the book and went dead center to the middle of the rewot. He took the remote and bleeped it on a symbol that said CA in calligraphy. "Just hit FLY." A navigation wheel much like what an old fashioned ship would use had popped up. “To go right, go right. To go left, go left. Just be gentle, this is a rewot. It's like a massive big boat. Yacht. Spaceship.”
Shari walked over and looked at it. She grabbed the little shaft and started to steer. “Whoah.”
“Okay, nope, not that fast.” Zeke stopped her hand and turned it back. “Go too fast and you’ll flip the rewot over. Remember the word gentle?” Shari grabbed the handle and did it much slower. Zeke looked at Shari. “At this speed, we’ll complete a turn in what, two hours?”
“Too fast, too slow. Not as easy as it looks.” Shari spun it a little faster, but the rewot started to tip. She quickly turned it the other way. “Dangit, this thing won’t go straight.”
Zeke grabbed at the base when he started to slide. The tower was tilted and moving fast. “Turn it slower.”
“I am, it’s not slowing down.” Shari insisted. She was turning it as slow as she could handle. “We’re still flipping.”
“It doesn’t stop on a dime, Share,” he pushed himself forward as he made for a reach. “You pushed it too far. Keep it steady and hold on.”
“Why isn’t this working?” Shari asked. “We’re still flipping.”
“You turned it too fast, you got scared and turned it the other way incredibly faster.” Zeke held on tightly to the wheel. “We’ll probably completely flip first.” He looked around for things to grab. "Grab the cupboard on the right; I'll grab it on the left." Shari jumped over to Zeke's cupboard handle and went around with it until they were standing on top of it. She stared at the navigation above her head as the tower steadied itself. “I was hoping we’d completely flip.” Zeke hid his agitation as he jumped and grabbed the base of the navigation. He started to turn it quickly. “Hang on again.”
After the tower was back to its original position, Shari went back over to the wheel. “I’m not very good at this.”
Zeke made a small tsk sound with his tongue. “You’ll do it this time, I’m sure. Don’t flip it too fast either way. Steady, right or left.”
“I think I’ve finally got it.” Shari was pleased. “It’s like driving a car, except it can spin around if you go too fast. Oh, and no brakes.”
Zeke looked at his watch. Seven forty five? They needed to shower as well, so she made a decent impression. “Good. Now, you need to take a shower and go to bed. You have to have plenty of energy. Don’t chat, don’t talk, we need complete sleep tonight. We are already late. Okay?”
“I’ll try not to dwell, but it’s gonna be hard. I mean, tomorrow’s the ultimate day.” Shari replied. “It’s almost here, already.”
“Yes, but talking is not going to change anything.” Zeke replied. “Take a shower, come to bed, and we’ll go straight to sleep.”


8:18...
“I just can’t get it out of my mind.”
“Of course not,” Zeke tried not to overreact. Oh geez, how would he put up with her as a sidekick? “Why don’t you try counting sheep?”
“I don’t think sheep are gonna help,” Shari stared up at the ceiling. “What if I get nervous and fall?”
“Then you die or break your leg. Next question?” Zeke groaned. 
“Ouch,” Shari frowned at Zeke. “You get really grumpy towards nighttime.”
Only when I don’t get to sleep, Zeke thought. “I mean, you’ll be OK. Have faith, go to sleep.”
Shari sighed. “I’ll try, but...what about Timothy? I mean, if I don’t make it, I’m sure we’ll be fine again. If I make it though, he’s already...”
Zeke covered his head with his pillow. Oh, how he missed the old days. Just him, just his tower. Play when he wanted, eat when he wanted, do what he wanted, everything was up to him. It was the reason he wanted to be a Paladin. Now he couldn’t even do the most basic of all things without a sidekick bugging him. “Talking about it will not change anything. Just go to sleep.”
“Sorry,” Shari apologized. “Lord knows you can be Mister Grumpy when you don’t sleep at seven. My goodness, seven eighteen? Besides, I heard stirring, you weren't asleep yet.”
“Only because I know you are not going to sleep, I can sense your freakin' anxiety which is keeping me up.” Zeke almost growled. “Please, go to sleep!”

“Fine!” Shari crossed her arms. How was she going to sleep? Who knew, but as long as Mister Grumpy could get his sleep he’d be Mister Nice Guy and a perfect role model tomorrow. She closed her eyes and tried to sleep. Tomorrow would be an extremely important day; it was going to make a tremendous difference in both of their lives. If she didn’t make it, she'd have to go back on medication to correct everything she did to Z. She didn't want to, but she made a choice. She couldn't back out, and Tracy would make her life miserable. She held all the cards, unless she became a sidekick, she always would. Then again, if she did make it there would  always be Rick and them...fine mess that would be. She couldn’t tell Zeke about that, not unless or when she unquestionably had to. It wouldn’t make any difference in his life after all. If Rick had overheard and figured it out, it wouldn’t take long before others followed. How annoying. Okay, pros and cons on each side obviously. She took a deep breath and exhaled. Zeke was right, focusing on it was not going to help. She had to deal with whatever came her way. No matter what, at least right now she was cozy and warm on a mattress. Yeah, either way, everything would turn out the way it should. “Z?”
Zeke tried to hide his groan. “Yes?” he said a little strained.
“Thanks,” Shari said. “I know I’ve been a pain in your rear end since day one. I appreciate the fact you never gave up on me, no matter what got in the way. Either way, I promise I’ll follow through, and I’ll take care of everything. Whether it ends bitter or sweet, it ends.”
Zeke couldn’t help but feel guilty as he realized what she said. She was doing everything for him, and he was grouching at her for sleep? When he got tired, he got confused, and with the five days finally ending, he had been dead tired. Even though he was going to be the Champion Adventurer, she was the one trying to save him. “You know, if you don’t want-”
“Shari babe!”
Zeke rolled his eyes. Oh great, it was whoever she was supposed to be ignoring.
“Sorry,” Shari apologized. 
“Shaaaariiii, Shari, Yo Shari Kari, Shari baby, come on girl, Shaaaarriii, Shari!”
“Go see what he wants,” Zeke complained. “We can’t sleep with him shouting.”
“Z, can’t we just ignore him?” Shari asked. She watched as he got up and groaned. “Great,” she muttered and got up.
“Shari,” Rick waved with a bullhorn as they peered down at him. “Why’d it take so long for you to answer? It’s not even nine o clock.”
“Go away,” Shari shouted back. “I’m sleeping.”
“Sleeping at this time?” Rick scoffed. “Nobody sleeps at this time.”
“I’m beginning to think that,” Zeke couldn't help but say. “Shari, go down and talk to him.”
“It’s not going to do any good.” Shari insisted. “Okay. If you wait long enough, Tracy will-”
“RICK! I fucking told you, you fucking cocksucker that if you didn’t leave this god damn town, I would get your mother to-”
Zeke covered his face as he saw all of Lost Secret waking up to words that even Shari had never used.
“Told you?” Shari laughed nervously.
“Those two are expanding everyone’s vocabulary in the wrong direction!” Zeke's feelings were anything but cheery. He watched as Tracy made Rick leave, mumbling his own number of profanities.
Tracy looked up at both Zeke and Shari and shouted through the bullhorn she took away. “Remember Shari! You pass that test tomorrow, Rick is only the beginning, and I’m not staying around Lost Secret to keep them off your fucking ass!”
Shari just waved and scratched her chin. She ignored the questioning look. “Well, let’s go back to bed. It's going to be a big day tomorrow.”
“You’re going to be my sidekick,” Zeke followed her over to the mattress. “That doesn’t mean that I am in any way as important as Timothy, I guess, but-”
“It’s none of your business,” Shari insisted as she got back into bed. “Trust me, you don’t want to know.”
“Oh no, but, of course, Timothy knows I am sure.” Zeke went over on the other side of the mattress. “Does he know anything about this strange Rick person who is yelling profanities that the kids don’t even know half of?”
“Give them some credit, they know a little more than half,” Shari said. “Other words they probably heard other definitions for so it was just confusing.”
“Your sister said more will come,” Zeke pressed.
“I thought you wanted to get some sleep? Tomorrow is important,” Shari reminded him.
“If you become my sidekick, are you going to keep harboring secrets?” Zeke had to ask. “How much more are you hiding?”
“You’ve been very respectful of my decisions in the past.” Shari frowned. 
“Yes, but they had not involved a stranger waking me up at night with your sister yelling profanities in the middle of my town!" Zeke yelled.
“I know, I know. Profanity is not your thing at all, it ruins your groove. I’m sorry the kids heard it, okay?” Shari groaned.
“Profanity has no place in Lost Secret,” Zeke insisted.
“Talk to Tracy, not me.” Shari insisted. “Wow, look at the time, we should go to bed.”
“No. Sleep is necessary, but what did she mean by more? At least tell me that?” Zeke said trying to force her to spill.
“You don’t want to know.” Shari replied.
“What are you bringing into Lost Secret?”
That comment made Shari sit up. “Excuse me?”
“I understand your sister and Timothy.” Zeke's breathing became harder. “She cares for you and wants what she thinks is best, and Timothy wants you back to your old self, with him. What I don’t understand is, why you can’t even tell me about one simply guy that according to your sister, will entice even 'more to come'. More who, for what reason? Secrets about your sister I can deal with, but you can’t keep secrets that are going to put Lost Secret in jeopardy. Who are these other people? Good or evil?”
“...you’re talkative tonight. That’s different.” Shari yawned. “Can we save this for tomorrow?”
“Just tell me.” Zeke said. “Will these people change Lost Secret? Are they going to use profanity? Do they have any decent morals? Lost Secret is a special, rare community. Real, violent crimes don’t happen here,” he sighed. “If you become my sidekick, will that change?”
“...” Shari stared at the ceiling. “I don’t know for sure.”
“Don’t know for sure?” Zeke just laid down. “Great. I will eat, drink, rescue, play and share a place with someone who won’t even tell me for sure whether she is bringing harmful influences or not to Lost Secret. Is this my life now?” He grabbed his head. “Oh. Everything was so much better before you.”
“What?” Shari sat up on the mattress. “Before me? Things didn’t begin to change until you made me take that dumb bet of yours. You practically stalked me everywhere until I said yes.”
“Yes, I know. This is my entire fault,” Zeke yelled back. “I thought at the worse that I would have to take medication while in Lost Secret. Instead, I have to deal with Timothy, lose being a Paladin to Tracy, my excellent reputation is gone, I can’t go near any of the kids, and worst of all? I might have to have not only a sidekick, but a sidekick who hides who-knows-what from me. Thank you very much; I know it’s my fault.” He laid down in his bed feeling frustrated. “Why can’t you be like everyone else in Lost Secret? Appreciate me from afar? No, you either have to hate my guts, drive me crazy, or try and become my sidekick.”
“Well, excuse me.” Shari got up from the mattress and threw the covers down. “I’ve been trying to help the best I can Mister Grumpy. Nighttime or not, you have no right to be this upset. I have been trying to do what I think is right, I’m sorry that whatever I keep doing isn’t meeting your standards. I suggest pulling out whatever it is that is shoved up your butt.”
“Just go to sleep.” Zeke covered his face with his blankets. Frustrating, frustrating, frustrating. Strangers coming to Lost Secret? Moving to Lost Secret?
“It’s not even nine, how can you be this damn crabby?” Shari complained.
“Because someone is yelling very bad profanities in the middle of the night, whom I have no knowledge of.” Zeke reminded her. “People who speak with that much vulgarity are often up to no good, and you are not letting me know what is happening to my town. I am easygoing, but this is my home.” He sighed. “I just want to know, will there be more like him?”
“Yeah, there probably will be.” Shari confessed. “It’s not my fault, it just comes with the territory.”
“Why?” Zeke sat up. “Are you a magnet for trouble?”
Shari laughed. “I feel like it sometimes. Look, in a few months, they’ll be out of your hair. I promise."
Zeke stared at her. “You know, you should be wearing a big sign.” Zeke spread out his hands in front of him. “Warning: Helping me may destroy everything you hold dear.” 
Shari chuckled. “I know. Maybe I should start wearing one. I’m sorry Z, I know I’ve just ruined your life, but like you said, you started it. You’ve hung on this long, a little longer isn’t going to kill you.”

“No, but will it destroy Lost Secret?”

Shari looked back over at Zeke. He was not joking this time. “It’ll be a little rough, but it won’t be too distressing. Trust me, Z, this isn’t a deal like my sister. It’s just something that I don’t want to tell you. If it makes you feel better, I have never told Timothy either.”
“You didn’t tell Timothy?” Zeke thought about that statement. “That makes me feel even worse.”
“Okay, look, these are the choices. I can go back to medication, forget all the work I put into this, become my old self again and then leave. Or, I can finish this, become your sidekick hopefully, attract others who aren’t so pleasant to come to Lost Secret, and then leave.”
“Do they have to follow you? Do you have to leave Lost Secret to make them leave?” Zeke had to ask. “I don’t want to drive you out of town.”
“Once they come it’s the only way. Do you think I left Calibri City simply because Lost Secret looked neat? You think my sister was paying the outrageous rent because this was my dream town?” Shari laughed. “I was hoping they wouldn’t find me, but c’est la vie you know?” She licked her lip slightly trying to think. “I’ll tell you what, if I make sidekick, I don’t have to be yours if you don’t want.”
“Huh?” Zeke smiled but then plastered on a neutral expression. “Pardon?”
“You only have to start with a sidekick, you don't need to keep them, I know that much. If I take the test and I pass, I can become your sidekick and take care of this, or I can be reassigned to somebody else. I would talk to Tracy since you wouldn’t be involved anymore and cancel all the nonsense. She’ll let you go and focus her attention on the Adventurer I was reassigned to. She doesn’t hurt people unless she thinks she has to,” Shari proclaimed. “After I take the test, if I pass, you tell me what you want. I’m not here to make your life miserable you know.”
“Do you think she would drop it once you weren’t around?” Zeke pressed. “Is there really a good chance at that?”
“Yeah.” Shari said confidently. “I’d say about eighty percent if I talked to her right. I’ll ask her tomorrow if you want. Either way I’ll be out of Lost Secret in a few months or a few days. It’s up to you, so sleep on it.” She yawned. “Sleep sounds good. Night Z.”
“Night.” Zeke laid back down and took in a deep breath with a smile. No more training, no more complaining, no more accidents, and no more secrets. These evil influences would disappear like nightmares. She was leaving anyway, he reminded himself. She talked every night, caused such hassle in the town, and trouble followed her like nothing else. She was even bringing more trouble to Lost Secret, and she couldn’t even tell him what kind or why. For the sake of Lost Secret, maybe she should become someone else’s sidekick? She would have job security, and she could go with someone who really wanted one. 
Well, all he could do was sleep on it. The decision would be made tomorrow.


Chapter 38: Extraordinary Person

Shari knocked on the door of Timothy's house. She had said 'tomorrow' to throw Zeke off. It was clear what he actually wanted, and by morning, his good role modeling character would not be able to turn her away. No, this was for the best. This was what Zeke wanted.
“Shari?” Timothy looked surprised as he answered his door. “Come for a date?” 
“Actually, I need to talk to Tracy.” Shari replied. “Could you get her?”
A few minutes later, Tracy stood side by side with Shari. “What is it? Figured out medication was better?”
“No.” Shari smiled. “If I lose, I’ll come back, I told you that. If I win the sidekick gig, I’m leaving Lost Secret for somewhere else.”
“What?” Tracy frowned. “Why?”
“Lost Secret is a peaceful community, and I am not going to bring good things to it.” Shari explained. “I’ll probably be screwed wherever I go, but I can’t mess up this town. I love it here, and the kids and people here are so good inside. If Rick found me, more will come. I couldn’t bear to let corruption follow me.”
“Fine, you’re leaving, but I go wherever you go.” Tracy insisted. “Until you figure out that medication is the best. See the problems that have already occurred without my assistance?”
“I know, but it’s more than that.” Shari replied. “Ezekiel. You’ve got to get those kids to drop the acts. You’ve done enough to him, and he won’t matter soon.”
“Oh, reverse everything?” Tracy scoffed. “Why should I?”
“He doesn’t deserve it. He showed me a different way that you don’t agree with, but he is an extraordinary person.” Shari explained. “These kids need Ezekiel, Tracy. Think of how a lot of other kids turned out? In our old town, in the city. He’s a role model and a friend to all. To hurt him, will hurt so many others. He deserves to be a Paladin. Please?”
“Then come back on medication.” Tracy insisted. “You know the problems that are out there facing you.”
“Sometimes, you have to say no, it’s the smart thing to do.” Shari chuckled. “No, Tracy. I made a decision and I’ll keep it. There are thousands of ways that you can screw up my life in a new place. Keep trying and maybe one day you’ll find the cracker that makes me go back. Don’t do it on account of kids or someone else though.”
Tracy rolled her eyes. “Will he make that much difference?”
“Kids grow up active and healthy and happy.” Shari smiled. “They won’t grow up like us. Come on, even Timothy has a limit he won’t push without your help because he grew up in Lost Secret. Which is the reason you liked him so much for me, remember?”
“He’s nothing but a big boy.” Tracy groaned. “You’re lucky I am your sister and not a real enemy. Fine, if you make it tomorrow, I’ll cancel everything.”
“Cancel everything now.” Shari insisted. “You know if I don’t make it that I will go back on medication. I won’t turn away, but having everything still be in effect, will make things harder on  Ezekiel. He doesn't have much time. Just cancel?”
“You are unbelievable Shari.” Tracy sighed. “Fine, I’ll cancel everything tonight.”
“Thanks.” Shari smiled. “Now, could you get Timothy?”
“Are you going to quit dating Timothy though?” Tracy had to ask. “I have interests keeping people away from him, but if things get out of control it could get bad.”
“I know. I won’t let it get that bad,” Shari insisted. “Now, could you get Timothy?”



Chapter 39: New Sidekick

The supervisor Murphy Day made contact via walkie talkie. To watch the test accurately, he had three more supervisors helping out. Two were on the ground while he was on the rewot with Zeke. “You ready?”
Shari stretched one final time. “Yes, I am.” She stared below her. She had done it a hundred times over, she could not let her nerves get to her.
“First, you are going to catch the board, then come back up.” Murphy explained. “Next, the rewot will be lowered, and you will use the ladder to get down to the ground. You’ll do fifty six backflips, and then run as fast as you can for five minutes. After that, you’ll stay on the ground and do some jumping jacks, pushups, sit-ups, or whatever you can, to showcase your physical talent for five minutes. If you have any superpowers I.E. freezing water coming from your hands, fireballs coming from your mouth, etc., it will make a difference in your overall score. Afterwards, you will climb the ladder back up, and we will finish with the oven fire rings, and then you will be told to fly somewhere and back again. Ready?”
Zeke patted Shari’s back. “You can do this. Stay positive."
“I can and I will.” Shari smiled back at him. She took a deep breath and waited for the signal.
“10 more seconds...” Murphy watched his watch. “5...4...3...2...1...go!”
Shari hit the blue button before jumping through the exit hole. She sailed down to the ground quickly but easily caught the board. She came back up with little difficulty and waited for the rewot to be lowered. She climbed the ladder back downm and mere feet above ground, she jumped off and started to do backflips along the streets of Lost Secret. There was no need to worry about traffic with so many flips since cars were prohibited during the test. Once she counted fifty six flips, she changed and ran. Although dangerous, the exercise afterwards should be enough to help her control herself.

“Wow, she is doing terrific. You really trained in five days?” Murphy asked Zeke from inside the rewot.
“Yes.” Zeke smiled proudly as he watched Shari. They were low enough to be able to see all the action. “I knew she could do it.”
Shari checked her stopwatch. Five, four, three, two, one. She stopped and did jumping jacks, one handed sit-ups, push-ups, pull-ups, and handstands. Deciding she still had more time added in running up the walls and walking across them on her hands. 
A supervisor ran over to her. “Great job, now can you concentrate on two things at once?”
“Yes.” Shari answered as she stood back up and did jumping jacks. Of course, they wanted to add some kind of twist she was unaware of. 
“Great, I want you to talk an extra three minutes.” The supervisor replied. “Any questions or anything, please tell us now. It’ll save time in the end.”
“I want you to check on Zeke’s problem in Cambria.” Shari answered. “ASAP. I can assure you all claims have been proven false.”
“Okay.” The supervisor spoke on his walkie talkie to someone else. “Someone’s looking into it, anything else? Can you stand on one hand for awhile? Stand as long as you can on one hand.”
Shari got up on one hand and did not move. “Once that’s resolved, there’s no reason for me to be Zeke’s sidekick. I know he is just starting and needs one, so put me down as his for a few minutes only. Afterwards, I do still want to be one though. Do you know of anyone near here looking for a sidekick?”
“That would have been nicer to know sooner.” The supervisor complained, but he spoke into his walkie talkie again. “We are putting out the word right now. Are you sure you don’t want to be his? This is a charming little community, I’m telling you from experience, I’ve seen some nasty ones out there.”
“I’m positive,” Shari answered as she continued to stay on her hand.
The supervisor stopped his watch. “Okay, head to the ladder for the rings of fire test.”
Shari nodded and ran quickly back to the rewot's ladder. She climbed up with ease and, as expected, saw the glowing red panels ahead. Zeke and the supervisor were both standing out of the way at the top. Zeke was hanging on an upside down cupboard handle, while the supervisor seemed to have superhuman sticky powers. Okay, this time she couldn't burn herself.


Flip, flip, flip, flip, turn, flip, flip, flip, go back, go back, too fast! Zeke watched her carefully. She was almost through the tests. Too fast, adjust, yes, flip, flip, turn back, go, go, go!
Shari ended her training with one hand in the last ring. She was relieved when she watched the red going away. “Finally.”
Zeke and the Supervisor both jumped down.
“Great job, only one more test.” Murphy the Supervisor pointed to the navigation already ready for her. “Take us to Ahara, then back.”
Wow, that couldn’t have been easier. Shari went over and slowly started to pull out. She watched her speed carefully and in no time at all, was there and back. 
“Well, surprising.” Murphy checked out the reports of the others over the walkie talkies, and they all agreed on the same outcome. “After five days, you did it Shari Kari. You are now officially an Adventurer Sidekick. We just have to get some information and identification typed up and approved. Starting tomorrow you can begin.”
“Great job." Zeke patted Shari on the back. “I knew you could do it if you just had faith.”
“Yeah,” Murphy watched the other two supervisors coming up the ladder. “I told her.”
“Yeah, I’m here with the Cambria report.” Another supervisor handed a paper to Murphy. “Zeke is cleared, all the kids said they were mistaken.”
“Mistaken?” Murphy frowned. “How can they be mistaken? Oh kids!” He looked at the paper. “Okay Zeke, you are now officially back then.”
“Wonderful!” Zeke laughed. “I have been cleared of everything? I don't need to be an Adventurer, I can be a Champion Paladin again?”

“Your reputation is fully intact.” Murphy said. “You can do so much more as an Adventurer though. You don't rely on special, overused super powers to help people, and I hate to see your skill go to waste like this. Do you know how many Adventurers out there don't care at all about their job? Born with a super power, make some money and fame." He gestured around him. "A rewot is just the beginning. You'll get duplicate remotes for the rewot, and if something happens to it, we will take care of it ASAP. Uniform, and actual pay. Plus, if you change your mind, a sidekick.”
“Oh, that’s my cue.” The other supervisor handed Shari a list. “We’ve actually got some that we’re looking. The nearest one is Calibri, and the next nearest one is located in a small town called Baveuse.”
“Baveuse would be fine.” Shari answered. “I pick that one.”
“Pick what one? Who?” Zeke was confused. “Share?”
“I got Tracy to flip the charges.” Shari smiled. “You’re cleared as I promised. I need something to do that will let me stay as active as I want, so sidekick it is. I’ll be OK without Tracy’s help now, no more worries about that for me.”
“You’re going somewhere else?” Zeke said with surprise on his face. “You don’t want to play in Lost Secret anymore?”
Zeke was such a different person after sleep. “I knew that you didn’t want me tagging along as your sidekick. I had to think hard, but I knew with the right words I could get Tracy to change her mind. I just wanted to get through this too, so I didn’t have to go on medication.” Shari held his shoulder gently. “Everything’s done, so I need to leave Lost Secret before I corrupt your little town.” She laughed. “Thanks for everything, Champion Paladin.”
“But,” Zeke didn’t know what to say, “you’re just leaving? Why didn’t you tell me that you did this?”
“I know you. Your good nature would get in the way, and you’d have a sidekick you didn’t want.” Shari explained. “I’ll be fine, and I’ll always remember everything you did for me. It’s time you get to have your life back though. Go play again, I won’t drag you down anymore.” She chuckled. “No more staying up past seven,” she laughed. “Come on, you know it’s for the best.”
Zeke couldn’t reply to her statement. “Will you visit Lost Secret?”
“Of course, I am still dating Timothy.” Shari smiled. “Like he’s going to get off his rear end to come see me?”
Zeke's face scrunched, and his eyebrow raised at her. “Timmers? You’re leaving to another town, and you still want to date him? After everything he's put you through?”
“Eh, I’m easy to manipulate,” Shari laughed. “I can’t leave him hanging like that. Like it or not, Timothy is my boyfriend, Z. So knock off the look.”
“I am not frowning.” Zeke changed to a fake smile. “I’m smiling. See?” He pointed at the smile on him. “He'll never change.”
“I know.” Shari shrugged her shoulders. “I’ve known it since the beginning. You don’t understand, Z. Timothy is one in a million. I could never find anyone as decent as Timothy to date anywhere.”
Zeke sighed. “True, many are not like Lost Secret people, and others may have problems. Maybe you should not date anyone then?”
Shari shook her head. “I will see you around, Z.” She turned toward the supervisors. “Anyone got a car? My transportation won't exactly be keen that I made it.”
“Are you sure about this?” Zeke asked one more time.
“Yeah, I like Timothy. Why’s it such a significant deal?” Shari groaned.
“No, about being someone else’s sidekick.” Zeke explained.
“I had cleared your name, and I would have left afterwards if I had stayed,” Shari reminded him. “Now, do me a favor? Go down and play with those kids, they have genuinely missed you.”
“I know, I will.” Zeke smiled. “Thanks for your help.”
“Thanks for showing me a different way.” Shari smiled and gave him a brief hug. “Thanks for everything, Z.”
Zeke held her back a few seconds before she pulled away. “I'll miss you. You're annoying but…fun.”
Shari gave him a light smile. She knew he wasn’t lying. “I’ll miss you too.” She turned toward the supervisors. “So anybody have a ride or do I have to hijack Zeke’s rewot?”


Zeke crossed his arms and watched the goodbye. As per her request he had finally come down and played basketball with the kids. They were thrilled to finally see him, and he could tell even Marcus was relieved about the charges. As they were playing, Shari came over with a small suitcase under her arm. All the kids took off to hear the news from her.
“So where is this Baveuse?” Tina asked. “Are you going to take Timothy Varmen with you? Please?”
Shari shook her head. As much as she’d like him to follow her, Timothy belonged in Lost Secret. “No, my sister will probably follow along, whether I want her to or not.”
“Oh. Well, can you drag him with you?” Tina asked. “I can get rope.”
“Tina.” Rebecca laughed. She looked over at Shari. “Are you sure you have to leave?”
“Yep. You’ve all been great kids, and an enormous help. Thanks for everything.” Shari smiled at them all one by one. “Simps, watch where you are going. Gregory, don’t let that game system consume you. Tina, be nice. Z?”
Zeke looked over. “Yes?”
“Don’t change. Ever.” Shari winked at him then looked over at Rebecca. “I will see you soon again too.”
“Are you going to actually visit?” Rebecca asked. 
“Lost Secret is at the far end of jurisdiction, but I’ll keep my eye on it.” Shari assured her. She turned for a moment, then turned back around. “Oh. Oh yes, one more thing? If you guys are not playing real hard or outside so much, Invite Timothy over for a board game sometime.”
“Invite Timothy?” The words were spoken simultaneously amongst the crowd.
“Yeah. Just watch out for him for me?” Shari asked. She looked over at Gregory. “Please?” Gregory nodded slowly but surely. That little munchkin had such a crush on her. “Thanks Gregory.” Shari bent down and gave him a small kiss on the forehead. “I appreciate it.” Gregory smiled away as he let out a funny giggle.

Everyone watched her take off with her small suitcase. Rebecca looked up at Zeke. “Are you sure you should let her go?”
“She wants to go,” Zeke replied.
“Yeah but, aren’t you going to miss her?” Rebecca asked. “Did you tell her how much she meant to you?”
“What?” Zeke had a funny look on his face. “What do you mean?”
“That you really care for her.” Rebecca replied. “That you weren’t mad at her for everything her sister did and that you really thought of her as a friend?”
"Friend? Yes." Zeke smiled. “She knows that, I’ve told her many times. This is her decision.”
Rebecca just sighed and waved. There was no choice. If Zeke didn’t step up to tell her he wanted her to stay, then she would obviously leave. She’d already dropped several hints, but he hadn’t caught on. Maybe she should outright ask. “Did you tell her that you wanted her to stay and be your sidekick?”
Zeke just continued to smile. “This is her decision.”
Zeke didn’t want her as a sidekick? That’s a surprise, Rebecca thought. For an entire month Zeke and Shari had some weird connection between them. At first, it was complete unattraction, like polar sides of magnets, nothing could make the two get along. Then as time went by they were doing everything together. Plus this last week they had even lived together. She had assumed that Zeke and Shari would make a splendid pair together. 
Maybe even more as they seemed to have more than friend chemistry between them…
Shari put her suitcase over into one of the supervisor’s cars. She was about to get in herself when she heard Rebecca cry out.
“Wait,” Rebecca shouted. She pulled Shari back over lightly by the hand and brought out a camera. “I don’t have many pictures of all of us. How about one more picture?”
Shari gathered round next to all the kids. Zeke stood beside Shari and Rebecca took her place in front as she set her timer on it.
“Cheese.”
The flash was seen and heard. Rebecca ran over and grabbed the developing photo then ran back over to Shari. “Here, so you don’t forget everyone.”
“I’ll never forget anyone.” Shari bent down and gave Rebecca a small hug. “I appreciate the photo though. Thanks, Rebecca.”

Honk honk!
“That’s my ride. He’s stationed in Camira.” She sighed. “I have to wait to get some official things before I can go to Baveuse.” Shari looked at everyone one more time. “I’ll miss you all. Take care.”
“What about Timothy?” Zeke asked. “Shouldn’t you say goodbye to him?”
“I told him about everything last night,” Shari held out her hand. “Bye, Mister Ezekiel.”
Zeke shook her hand and smiled. “You take care, Miss Shari Kari.”
Rebecca snapped a picture of the two. It might come in handy later. “You better catch your ride, looks like they are ready to go.”
“Agreed.” Shari nodded and waved goodbye one more time before getting into the car. She waved at the window at everyone that waved back to her. 
“I’m going to miss her.” Simps sighed. “She was weird, but a good kind of weird.”
“I am too, but I’m sure Zeke will miss her the most.” Pat replied. “Since she was his.”
“Mine?” Zeke shook his head. That wasn't true, that was far from the truth. “She was not mine, Pat.”
“You spent nearly every day with her,” Pat said. “Who else’s would she be?”
Zeke changed the subject. “Who wants to finish playing basketball?”
“I do,” all the kids shouted.
“Me too.” Rebecca took the newly developed picture and handed it to Zeke. “First, here you go. I figured you might like a picture of you and your friend.”
Zeke looked at the picture she snapped and smiled. “Thanks Rebecca,” He tucked it away. “Now who wants to play some basketball again?”
Zeke heard the permie kids talk around him. They had begun to play soccer, and it was delightful to finally be able to be around everyone again. A positive influence, not negative, made things so much nicer. Nice. Nice, nice, nice. Everything was positively nicey nice. Still, there seemed to be something missing. 
“Pass it to Zeke!”
Zeke caught the ball with his feet and made the winning shot. Cheers were heard all around, but even the sound of cheering was different.

(Great job, Z)

Zeke looked around and felt a little odd at not being able to hear a voice his subconscious had wished to hear. Every time he made the winning goal, everyone always cheered, but Shari’s voice would always come through clearly. Well, I miss her, he reasoned, we spent a month in constant contact, it makes sense.  He would shake it off.
All the kids noticed Zeke’s divided attention, and a fair amount of them knew what it was.
“Hey, how about tag?” Rebecca suggested. “Tag is always fun.”
“You go ahead.” Zeke smiled at all the children. “I am going to go get something to eat and train for a little while. Helping Shari train constantly did not help my own exercise. Still, it was right to help. Helping is acceptable.”
“Okay, bye Zeke!” Simps yelled as Zeke took off.


“50, 51, 52, 53, 54...” Zeke counted his jump ropes out loud. His echo seemed louder before than it used to be in the rewot. Since he was back to being Paladin, even his landings were much louder in the reformed tower. He'd have to take some time and change it back later, since legally he should not have his tower being a rewot anymore. He stopped and went over for some fruit in his right side up cupboard. He began to cut up two apples in no time flat, but then he realized he didn't need too. "Well, I can eat it later. No reason to waste it just because I forgot about you.” He chuckled. Then he stopped his chuckling. “I mean, I’m not talking to Shari, she is not here. I know that. I am talking to myself, and I used her accidentally, but I didn’t mean to. Why am I talking about this out loud?” He groaned. “Okay Zeke, you are used to her, but you’ll get over it.” He looked around the rewot. “No having to share, I have more room. That’s positive. Still, this echo is so much louder than I thought it was before.” He went back to his jump roping. “55, 56, 57, this is an awesome thing. I can concentrate on my own self easier. 58, 59, 60.”
Zeke went through his day catching up on his own exercises, playing his own games, and enjoying recreational fun. He visited the permie kids a couple more times on the surface, warned Benji about playing too much with Anne again, then it was time for bed. He performed his usual routine he had before Shari had come along. He even managed to squeeze in some call time to a few tempie parents he'd been needing to legally come by to visit their kids. His routine worked without a hitch. He smiled and sighed with pleasure as he hit his bed at exactly seven. No whining, no complaining, and no distractions. Just a sturdy, solid sleep. Or so he thought.
At Nine O' five, Zeke turned over. He should have gone to sleep almost instantly after hitting the bed. He was tired, and he needed to go to sleep, but his body would not let him tonight. What was going on? It was two hours past 7:00, and he still couldn't go to sleep. He sat up and scratched his head. There was no reason he should not be able to go to sleep. No one was bothering him, and Shari’s situation had been resolved as had his. Maybe some light exercise would help. He got up and did some basic pushups, but they didn’t help. He was tired, but he could not go to sleep. “Come on Zeke. Go to sleep.” He whined at himself. 
At 10:00, Zeke finally felt himself starting to drift off. Strange how hard it was to go to sleep when nothing was preventing him anymore...


Chapter 40: Goody Two Shoes

Rebecca laughed and chased after Simps as she saw Zeke racing toward them. “Hi, Zeke.”
“Hello,” Zeke tried to hide a yawn. “What are you doing this morning?”
“Freeze tag.” Rebecca looked at him curiously. “You yawned, Zeke? Didn't you get sleep last night?”
“I got some sleep,” Zeke replied. “I'll be fine.”
“Don’t worry.” Pat appeared beside Zeke. “I can’t sleep either when something of mine is missing. Especially my teddy.”
“He’s kind of right,” Rebecca replied. “Maybe you miss Shari a little more than you thought you would.”
“I do miss her saying Z, sometimes,” Zeke confessed. 
“Yeah, you were like really great friends.” Rebecca agreed. “You guys did everything together. You couldn’t catch Shari running down the street without you, or vice versa. You guys were a perfect pair. I'm surprised she didn’t become your sidekick.”
“I know,” Zeke replied. “It would only have been for a few months though. She was going to help clear my name, but she already did that. Now she can be a sidekick permanently to someone and never have to worry about her sister messing up her finances. She couldn’t have a better job. We should be happy.”
“Yeah, but why wouldn’t she stay your sidekick?” Simps asked as he came back. “Huh, Zeke?”
“To be honest,” Zeke bit his tongue lightly. “She knew I didn’t want one.”
“Do you still feel that way?” Rebecca asked.
“I don’t know. It doesn’t matter, there are too many things she won’t tell me.” Zeke replied. “If I had a permanent sidekick, it would have to be someone who didn’t hide things from me. Or put Lost Secret in a bad situation.”
“A bad situation?” Pat asked. “What do you mean?”
“She said bad influences would follow her,” Zeke explained, “and she loves Lost Secret too much to corrupt it. Like I said, many things went into her decision.”
“Bad influences like Rick and Tracy,” Rebecca understood. “There sure were a lot of words coming out last night. There’d be even more? Why?”
“She wouldn't tell me,” Zeke replied, “and those words were all terribly rude and not polite to say. None of them should ever be repeated again," he said stopping for a small role model minute before going on. "She said it is not life threatening, but she can’t tell me what it is.”
“Zeke?” Rebecca asked. “What’s NCS?”
“NCS?” Zeke shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know.”
“Well, Rick said Shari had NCS.” Rebecca explained. “What is that?”
“I don’t know.” Zeke repeated. “I’ve never heard of it. You see, she isn’t telling me anything. It’s for the best that she leaves.”
“Well, maybe you could find out?” Rebecca asked Zeke. “Talk to Rick at the sno cone stand, and maybe he’ll tell you. Then you can help her before any bad influences come.”
“Yeah, and she could be your sidekick,” Simps added with enthusiasm.
“I don’t know.” Zeke didn’t know at that point. He didn’t know if he wanted a sidekick, but he didn’t want Shari to leave Lost Secret. “Prying for a secret is not nice or something a friend would do to another.”
“It’s not prying,” Rebecca insisted. “It’s looking for an answer to my question. I could ask I guess?”
“Good point,” Zeke reasoned. “An answer to a question.” He looked over at the sno cone stand. It’s not prying, it’s just an answer to Rebecca’s question. He took off to the sno cone stand fast. “Hello, I am Zeke.” Zeke stood proudly as he met Rick the sno cone man. He’d never officially met the new resident, other than hearing him shout two nights ago. He had been a regular looking fellow with black hair and brown eyes, with a black leather jacket and a T-shirt of a band he had never heard of. 
“Yo,” Rick the sno cone man replied. “What flavor?”
“No flavors, only a question.” Zeke smiled. “You said Shari had NCS. What is NCS?”
Rick just chuckled. “Are you serious?”
That was an odd statement. “Umm, yes?” Zeke replied awkwardly. “What is NCS?”
Rick just laughed. “Are you kidding? You are kidding, right?”
“No,” Zeke repeated. “What is NCS? Is it something that will bring unwholesome influences to Lost Secret?”
Rick started to laugh. “Oh man, you’re killing me here! You don’t need to know what it means, that’s between me and Shari.”
“Private, of course.” Zeke sighed. Everything was private with her.
“Hey, look ummm...Woodstock lover?” Rick chuckled. “I don’t need any more competition. I already got that Timothy guy to contend with. Although, I think he’s totally for display.”
“For display? Yes, perhaps,” Zeke said slowly, “and why do you think he's for display?”
“The guy barely even kissed her once in front of me,” Rick replied. “Not even passionately, I’m betting she's paying him or using him for cover. Not a decent cover though, she could do better. I don’t know, maybe she likes the weird guy. Whatever, I’m not giving up.”
“Giving up?” Zeke knew he was close to something. “On her? You are an old boyfriend, right?”
“Boyfriend? Sure yeah, boyfriend.” Rick chuckled. “If I could get that far, I’d be in the perfect spot.”
“Perfect spot for what?” Zeke asked.
“Like I said before,” Rick replied. “I don’t need competition.”
“I am a friend,” Zeke explained. “Timothy is her boyfriend, and, as such, you should be respectful. A boyfriend and a girlfriend should only break up when one agrees to break up. That's what I was taught in re-teaching. It's the right thing to do, not interfere."
"Whatever," Rick said. "I don't care about some boyfriend, and I'm not putting up with competition."
"I am not in competition for her, as you are," Zeke said. "So please tell me?”
“If you’re not in the competition, then you don’t need to know.” Rick frowned. “Now are you going to buy a sno cone or what?”
A dead end. Zeke shook his head and ran off to Rebecca. “He won't tell me what NCS stands for. Sorry, Rebecca.”
“Well, darn.” Rebecca snapped her fingers. “I bet if we found it, we’d know why she won’t stay in Lost Secret.”
Tracy laughed behind them. “What?”
Zeke, Rebecca, Simps and Pat looked behind themselves and saw Tracy laughing.
“Oh please!” Tracy chuckled. “If you guys knew, you would have thrown her out faster.”
“Well, what does it mean?” Zeke asked. “No, don’t tell me. Yes, tell. Wait, is this her secret? I don’t want to intrude, I just-”
“If you want to know that bad goody two shoes, ask her.” Tracy frowned. “She’s leaving, so ask her the right way, and she’ll tell you. Not over the phone though, and not in front of kids.” She closed her mouth and made a popping sound. “I swear if you found out, you wouldn’t be pressing her to stay. So long, I am off to find a new place. Ta ta.”
“Wow. You’d have to go all the way to Camira to see her.” Rebecca looked over at Zeke. “Well?”
“If I ask the right way.” Even if she didn’t tell him, he should at least tell her that she wasn’t as bad at annoying him as she thought. In fact, he downright missed her. It wouldn’t be right to let her think any differently. 


Chapter 41: Violet

“Well, it fits.” Shari looked at herself in a mirror. She got to choose the color, and at first she didn’t know if she should go for blue or red. This form of outfit would be hers for the term of her employment. After all that work, there’s no way she would be quitting anytime soon. No, purple was the best. 
She laughed as she put her little hat on. Similar to a beret, a sign of intelligence she assumed. Sidekicks were weird. No doubt Timothy would be making fun of her. She turned around in it and felt it. It was warm and skin tight. It was designed for moving fast, and she could just imagine how fast she would be without clothes whipping around her. She tisked her tongue as she added her last accessory. Purple shades, similar to Zeke's only smaller.
“It’s a nice fit.”
Shari turned around and lowered her shades, seeing Zeke by the window. “You're lucky I wasn’t changing, Z.”

Zeke came through the window. “I wanted to talk to you one more time. It’s important.”
“Well sure, what is it?” Shari said openly.
“What, I mean.” Zeke sighed. How could he pry like this? “I wanted to know, since you aren’t coming back to Lost Secret, if you would tell me what NCS is?”
Shari groaned. “Oh, Rick? He’ll leave once he discovers I am gone. Promise, Z.”
“Yes, I’m sure he will, but, well, what is it that is keeping you from staying?” Zeke asked. “Is there a way I can help?”
“To stay?” Shari smiled politely. “Zeke, what are you talking about? I fixed your problem.”
“I know, but would you like to be my real sidekick?” Zeke asked. “I could teach you more, and we're used to you.” He sighed. “I miss you.”
“You miss me?” Shari smiled. “Well, I thought I was an annoyance half the time.”
“I’m used to you,” Zeke confessed. “It’s not the same anymore without you. I can share the rewot, my duties, everything with you. It’s without you that feels weird.”
“Zeke?” Shari blinked. “Are you positive?”
Zeke laughed. “I guess this is why when Champions get sidekicks, they usually stay with them. Three may be a crowd, but two is company, and without company? It feels a little lonely now.”
“You’ll get used to it,” Shari insisted. “I’ve only been around you for a little while in the grand scheme of things.”
“Are you sure you don’t want to be my sidekick?” Zeke flat out asked. 
“Lost Secret is going to have some particularly unwanted guests,” Shari reminded him. 
“Why?” Zeke asked. “If you aren’t coming back for a reason, I want to know why. After all this time training and helping you, don’t I deserve that much?”
“Yes,” Shari groaned and rubbed her neck. “It’s just not something I want to tell you, really. Do you have to know? I mean, can’t you just let me go without knowing?”
“I want to know.” Zeke urged her. “If you can’t tell me, okay, but I would like to know. Your secrets are pretty hefty at times.”
“It’s...ugh.” Shari covered her face. “I don’t know if I should tell you.”
“Please?” Zeke urged one more time. “I can keep a secret.”
“I know,” Shari replied. “It’s not that, I just, I don’t want you to know about it.” She groaned in frustration. “You do deserve to know, but I don’t want to say it.” She looked over at his expression. “You’re not going to want me around Lost Secret, Z.”
“That would be up to me, wouldn’t it?” Zeke corrected her. 
Shari took a deep breath. “I met a guy. A nice guy at first, in Calibri. I met him through Tracy.”
Tracy. Anything associated with her could not be good news. Zeke kept his thoughts to himself. “Go on.”
“He was a nice guy, but like a bunch of others, he wanted something that I couldn’t do on medication.” Shari explained.
“What? Exercise?” Zeke asked confused.

“No.” Shari had felt her face become warm. Zeke and Timothy, two of the sweetest but most clueless guys on the planet. She could have easily told him if she hadn’t come to know him so well along with his own styles and limits. This would not be a topic of comfort. “He wanted it.”
“It what?” Zeke still didn’t understand.
“It. It, it?” Shari groaned. “He wanted me in an exercising manner that umm...was not something public?” Maybe that term would work.
Zeke crossed his arms."An exercising manner that is not public? He wanted exercise that was not public. Not public...”
Shari covered her face, he wouldn’t get it unless she outright said it. “Sex, Z.

“Sex. Sex?” Zeke felt his own face start to turn warm as he fidgeted. Not a topic that showed up in Lost Secret. He put his hand under his chin. Okay, did he want to know after all? If he knew, maybe he could help. Embarrassing or not, he had to know. He cleared his throat. “Go on?”
“I told him about my condition, I thought he’d understand.” Shari continued. “He did for a few months and couldn’t take it anymore. He kept pushing obsessively for me to drop the medication for a little while and give in, so I stopped seeing him. After that, he was quite mad. He felt duped and frustrated so...” she gently rubbed her finger up the mirror. “...he put a hit on me.”
“A hit?” Zeke took a step back. “Like a mobster in the movies?”
“Not exactly,” Shari said. “Anyone who makes me go back willingly gets ten thousand dollars.” 
“Oh. Yes, that is terrible.” Zeke agreed. 
“It will not attract nice people to Lost Secret,” Shari explained. “Don’t get involved with the rich, lesson learned.”
“...” Zeke looked at her with interest. She was only telling him some of the story, he could tell. She was telling him something, and perhaps the other parts he didn’t need to know. 
“Rick won’t tell anyone, he wants the money, as does everyone else. Once they find out, they’ll pursue. Especially now that I’m not on medication and Tracy won’t back me up, it’s going to get much worse.” Shari replied. “That’s why I can’t stay in Lost Secret. Rick is only the tip of the giant iceberg that could be coming.”
Zeke took a moment to let all this absorb. “Because you're off medication? What’s that got to do with it?”
“Oh? Uhh, just that I’m more...easily duped on medication, you know?” Shari replied. “I feel too good to get very mad."
That didn’t quite feel right, but it did make some sort of sense. Zeke sighed. How could one girl be worth ten thousand dollars? “Oh.”
“I know that look,” Shari chuckled. “Trust me, I know I’m not worth it. Tracy’s connections aren’t always too good, and I ended up with a rich obsessive compulsive guy who has nothing else to do. I’ve become a challenge to him, don't ask me why. So, there you go.” Shari finally looked him back in the eyes. “You know now. It was neat seeing you again, Z.”
Zeke rubbed his mouth and moved his feet back and forth. That was a problem, a significant and unexpected problem. He had never even heard of such a thing. Ten thousand for her? She was not outright ugly, but she wasn’t gorgeous. Even gorgeous would never warrant that much. “He’s very rich.”
“Ten thousand is a drop in the bucket for him,” Shari replied. “It seems like a lot to everyone, but him. My ex boyfriend sometimes got a little crazy with his cash. One time, he bought an ordinary vase for three hundred thousand dollars because he had to win in an auction.”
“Sounds like he could have anything,” Zeke said. “He is that obsessed?”
“He seemed like a nice guy, knew I wasn’t the best with boyfriends, and knew firsthand from Tracy I could be trusted and wouldn’t do too much. Trust was a huge thing with him, but he still wanted someone special,” Shari explained. “One date turned to two, and two turned to three and...” She groaned. “I thought I knew him. There is no one out there that can be trusted, except for Timothy.” She smiled. “Cities away I still have to come and see him, but I couldn’t ask for anyone better. Sure, he’s a bit of a villain but he’s...”
“Safe.” Zeke finished for her. Oh, he understood now why, even after having the perfect excuse to get away without feeling guilt that she would still want to date Timothy. “Have you ever thought maybe you shouldn’t date anyone? This is putting Timothy at risk too.”
“He’s in a separate town,” Shari reminded him. “I’m sure they won’t even know about him, and I've had to tell him a little bit. So, feel better about knowing my secret?” She pointed to her beret. “Cute huh? Like a magenta almost, a little darker.”
Changed the subject. Zeke pushed his foot back and tapped the heel on the ground. “You’re a sidekick now, can’t you tell them to leave?”
“Funny,” Shari chuckled. “Saying no is not the easiest thing now. I’ve changed a lot and even beforehand, Tracy helped out more than you know. She said she's going to stand on the sidelines this time. It's all up to me.”
“It’s not easy,” Zeke admitted. “Your situation is more than just a bit funky.”
“I’ll manage,” Shari said confidently. “Have faith. Don’t worry, everything will be alright. Anyone else that comes to Lost Secret will find out right away that I’m not there and leave. No indecency should come there for too long.”
“How many are hunting you down?” Zeke frowned. “When was this insane bet made? Is this why you left Calibri?”
Shari took a deep breath. “I don’t know how many are after me, I’ve just run into one. It was made shortly before I came to Lost Secret, and yes, it’s why I left. Being constantly bugged would be annoying, but only one has found me though.”
“There is time,” Zeke said. “Ten thousand to change your mind? There are a lot of people after you, you can’t just do nothing. Let them come and say have faith?”
“Well, with faith, you can get through everything.” Shari smiled.
“Not this,” Zeke practically shouted. “You have to stop this, you are going to get hurt.” Didn’t she get it? It might start out simple with just a few asking her to come back, but the more came, the more persuasion could turn dastardly.
“I’m not going back.” Shari replied. “If I go back I will never be free.”
“If you don’t go back, you could get hurt.” Zeke insisted. “Go and talk to this obsessive compulsive ex boyfriend.”
“I know him, he'll get happier and insists he’s winning.” Shari replied. “I’m not a weak woman with a cane anymore, Z, I can take care of myself. No one will know all at once, it’ll be gradual. So far, only Rick has come, and I had been in Lost Secret for some time. Redirect them, and it’ll make it even longer.”
“It will be gradual, I know.” Zeke sighed. “If you don't make them leave, they'll gather more and more and more. Bad things happen when more unscrupulous people gather together.”
“I knew I shouldn’t have told you,” Shari frowned. “Z, don’t worry. Everything’s gonna be fine. Maybe the Adventurer I work with can help tell them off? I don’t know, but everything always works out in the end. You’ve always said that too about everything. Don’t worry so much, it’s not like you.”
“Share,” Zeke groaned. “This is something to worry about.”
“I know, but don’t overreact. Z, usually you just get this awful at night.” Shari smiled. “Mister Grumpy sees the day? Haven’t seen that since we first began. I was a pain in the rear end though.” She continued to look at him. “Relax.”
“I can’t relax,” Zeke felt a deep anger inside. He was becoming overwhelmed again. “You are in serious trouble.”
“I’m fine.” Shari insisted. “Are you okay? Please don’t feel this way.” Shari touched his shoulder. “Zeke, I never feel anxiety from you. It’s gonna be okay, please?”
Without medication, Shari’s biggest hindrance was being able to say no. It was annoying, but in this situation, it could get unlucky fast. “Can you say no yet, to anyone?”
“I will somehow,” Shari said. “Or give them money or something, I’ll make them leave me and Timothy alone. If things get too intense, I’ll even end it with Timothy. Feel better? Stop feeling so guilty,” Shari said sadly. “I don’t like it. You need help according to my senses, but I don’t know how to make you feel better.”
“Timothy,” Zeke finally suggested. “I don’t like to say it, but maybe-“
“That's up to him.” Shari replied. “I'll tell him the next time I see him.”
Dilemma was the only word Zeke could think of. Dilemma, dilemma, dilemma. What was he supposed to do? He wanted her to come back to Lost Secret, but she would bring a lot of indecent folks there. There would only be one way to make them leave. “What Champion Adventurer are you working with?”
“Oh, weird name. Umm, Mick Rick, Mitch Rich?” Shari guessed.
Zeke groaned. “Mister Richster.”
“You know him?” Shari asked in surprise.
“I was his sidekick.” Zeke frowned. “He used to run Calibri.”
“The report says he got tired of it. Lives in a mansion now, and I’m supposed to stay in the rewot by myself.” Shari replied. "Are you saying you were an Adventurer Sidekick? You?"
“Not long, knew it wasn't where I belonged. He won’t show you anything, you will have to learn yourself,” Zeke said not answering her question. “He won't lift a finger, he's only into money. He may have gotten tired of the city after I left, he would've had to get up and take care of it himself.” He rolled his eyes. “No, that won’t work. You can’t go there.”
“So he’s solo, Bevause isn’t that big, I’ll manage.” Shari smiled.
“Yes, and then all these bad people come?” Zeke reminded her. “He won’t help you, he’ll try...” He rubbed his face. No way, he would try to get a cut for himself. “No.” Zeke said flat out. “Pick somewhere else.”
“There’s nowhere else,” Shari replied. “I don’t want to be in charge of a city, and anyone else is too far away. I’d have to fly to another continent. There’s not a whole lot of Adventurers who want sidekicks.”
“What an Adventure it will be for an Adventurer and you,” Zeke smiled hoping she would fall for it.
Shari shook her head. “I don’t want to. I’ll be too far away from Timothy and everyone I've come to know. It was hard enough moving from Calibri to Lost Secret, I don’t want to go extremely far.”
Zeke sighed. “You sure are something, Shari Kari. Okay, I give in.” He scratched his cheek. “Be my sidekick and come back to Lost Secret.”
“Back to Lost Secret?” Shari questioned. “You know what might happen to the town.”
“It will be gradual, I can handle it.” Zeke sighed. “I can handle whatever comes to Lost Secret. Come back.”
“Z,” Shari shook her head, “Come on, you can’t take them on any better than I can.”
Zeke shrugged his shoulders. “I know how to say no. I can handle it.”
“You’re going to have to say more than no.” Shari chuckled. “Trust me, that won’t work.”
“Share, I was not always in Lost Secret.” Zeke reminded her. “I have a calm nature, but I have had it balanced for a long time. I can do this, if you trust me.”
“I don’t know,” Shari groaned. 
“Okay don’t trust me but I can do this.” Zeke insisted. “What do you think taking on a city is like? I can handle whatever is coming. I admit, I liked when the worst thing I had to worry about was handing out band-aids and getting papers filed for children. Playing nonstop, windows and doors never needing to be closed." He looked straight ahead at her. "I can handle this too. Lost Secret is where you belong.”
“Z,” Shari moaned. “I just don’t know.”
“You have no other options. Trust me, Mister Richster is not someone you want to be a sidekick too.” Zeke warned her. “Besides, everyone will miss you.”
“Are you saying, you’ll take me on as a sidekick? Go through all of this, plus, trust me, Tracy is not gonna be happy when she figures out she was deceived,” Shari warned him. 
“It will look unusual for many kids to suddenly bring allegations back after dropped,” Zeke smiled. “I think she knows that too.”
“Yeah, but I said I was leaving. If I don’t honor that...” Shari groaned.
“She won’t be happy,” Zeke said, “I know.”
Shari sighed. “I do love Lost Secret, and I’d miss everything. So much is gonna be brought down though. I don’t know when or who or how many-”
“Worrying about ‘if’s’ won’t help,” Zeke smiled. 
“You’ll have to share your rewot and everything else.” Shari chuckled her warning. “Can you handle that?”
“I can share. Besides, the rewot is too large for only one.” Zeke said. “Ready?”
“I’ve called you an idiot once before,” Shari looked at Zeke. “I can’t retract that statement, but it takes one to know one too. Fine, I’ll do it.”
“Great.” Zeke clapped his hands together. “Now, first of all, you do need a name.”
“Yeah I guess a sidekick with the name Shari Kari isn’t quite right.” Shari chuckled. “I don’t know anything. Shari the sidekick. SKJ. Lady Johnson? No, not my last name, too obvious. Oh, I’m lousy at this.”
“Make it simple.” Zeke gestured to her outfit. “Why purple? I thought you would go with blue.”
“I can’t do red, it was Kari, but blue isn’t complete by itself to me.” Shari looked at her outfit. “Red and blue.”
“It works.” Zeke smiled. 

“Violet.” Shari smiled. “Violet?”
“Simpler than most, but it will work. Violet.” Zeke nodded. “It fits you.”
“Zeke and his sidekick Violet. That doesn’t have a solid ring,” Shari pointed out.
“Don’t worry about the ring of it,” Zeke insisted. “Zeke is right for me, but I didn’t get it at first because it did not sound right to Mister Richster.” He sighed. “Violet will work fine unless you decide something else later.”
“Okay. What was your first sidekick name though?” Shari asked.
Zeke frowned. “I’m not telling you that.”
Shari frowned too. “Hey, look at all the stuff you made me tell you. You can’t tell me one little thing?”
Zeke rolled his eyes. “Okay, okay. I was Kiddie.”
“Kiddie?” Shari tried not to giggle. “Mister Richster and Kiddie?”
“Yes, Kiddie. Do not tell anybody, ever, okay?” Zeke made her promise. “Absolutely nothing, no one should know.”
“Okay, Z. I won’t tell anyone.” Shari promised. “Just don’t tell anyone else about anything? I’ll have to tell Timothy the whole truth soon if I’m coming back. Not looking forward to that conversation.”
“You’ll be OK. You can skip the umm, details? They weren’t needed. Just say ‘my ex is stalking me’ and that’s it.” Zeke suggested. “Come on, let’s go talk to the supervisors before you get stuck with Richster for a whole year first. They don’t like to redo paperwork.”


Chapter 42: Stupid Adults

Rebecca gasped and was the first to wave at Shari as she came back. “Are you back? Is that your uniform?”
“Yes on both counts.” Shari gestured to Zeke. “I guess he did want a sidekick after all. Can't wait to see what you pick for yours.”
“Oh you can't, can you?”
Shari turned around and saw Timothy. “Timothy?” She smiled awkwardly. “Could we have another talk?”
“Tracy is already gone,” Timothy complained. He pointed at Shari. “You broke your deal.”
“Technically, I was gone.” Shari chuckled nervously. “Okay, I didn’t tell her to take off so fast.”
“She will not be happy about this.” Timothy grumbled. “She’s gonna yack my ear off,” He looked at Zeke. “I’m still dating her.”
“Yes, I hear.” Zeke smiled politely. 

Timothy looked back at Shari. He saw her purple shoes, purple beret, purple elastic pants and purple shirt. He even noticed purple shades resting in her hands. “Purple?”
“It’s not purple,” Shari crossed her arms. “It’s Violet.”
“Violet what?” Timothy was confused.
“Her name is Violet,” Zeke patted her on the shoulder.
“Zeke and Violet?” Gregory looked around at the other kids. “That has a strange ring to it.”
“Rings do not matter,” Zeke insisted.
“Violet, huh? I think that is activity.”
Zeke and Violet looked ahead of them at Rick.
“Let’s celebrate! Want a sno cone?” Rick held out an ice cream cone. “Made it sugar free, just for you. You can think of a way to pay me later, eh Violet?”
Violet fidgeted oddly as she looked at the sno cone. “That’s okay, I don’t need any.”

“Saying no? Come on, one bite? It’s free, and was specially made for you,” Rick insisted as he brought the treat closer. “A tiny itsy bitsy-”
“Nope,” Zeke interrupted. Great, it already starts. “Rick, let’s go have a talk.” He grabbed the man a little roughly but acted friendly and continued to smile. If he didn’t do something now, others just like him would gather up in Lost Secret, ruining the city’s peaceful reputation. “Have you seen Timothy’s place? I would like to show you his place.”
“Why's Hippie wanting to show him my place?” Timothy complained. He looked at Shari. “Ugh. Too much purple.”
“Get used to it,” Violet replied. She pushed her beret forward a little more.
“I think it’s great,” Rebecca smiled. “Purple isn’t a bad color on you, Shari. Oh, I mean Violet.”
Timothy just grunted as he looked at Violet. “Purple?”
Violet came closer to him and touched his nose playfully. “Can’t I get a small smirk at least that I’m not going so far?”
“No,” Timothy crossed his arms. “With Zeke calling the shots, when am I supposed to get to spend time with you? At least far away you would be in more control.”
“We’ll spend time together, I promise.” Violet said. “First, I need to let you know something.” She stopped talking as she saw Zeke coming. “Did you talk to him?”
“He’s gone,” Zeke said simply.
“The sno cone man is gone?” Simps whined. “Where to? Do you think we could get more sno cones before he leaves?”
“He didn’t pack, he just left.” Zeke replied. He looked at Violet. “He left for good.”
Violet nodded and took Timothy’s hand. “We need to talk now. Off to your house?”
“Now?” Timothy complained.
“Now,” Zeke answered for her.
Timothy grumbled as he saw Zeke’ expression. “You know something, don’t you?”
“Come on Timothy.” Shari pulled her boyfriend gently. “Just a small chat?”
“Ugh!” Timothy came out quickly toward Zeke and the kids his inhaler in full swing as he took deep breaths. “Did you know? Not involved!”
“Timothy,” Violet came over quickly. “You don’t have to do anything, I just thought you should know.”
“Thanks for telling me the whole truth, I am the only remote thing in anyone’s way?” Timothy gawked her. “Me? I’ll be a target, everyone will want to wipe me out.”
“Wipe you out?” Rebecca asked confused. “Why?”
“You’ll be fine,” Zeke assured him. “Everything will be fine. I am the Champion Pala-uh, Adventurer of Lost Secret and no matter what, I am here to protect it and its residents. Including you, Timothy Varmen.”
“Forgive me for not jumping up and down with joy,” Timothy said bitterly. “This is very upsetting news.” He placed his hand over his face and then onto his neck. “Me? Tell me the truth, am I just a pawn to keep people back?”
Violet shook her head. “No, I’ve never thought of you that way. I had hoped I’d never have to tell you.” 
“Secrets.” Rebecca sighed. "I can’t wait until I get older."
“Timothy,” Violet sighed. “If you're too scared, I understand. You should know, it’s only Rick that’s found me. I even have a sidekick name now, officially, on papers. People aren’t going to show up overnight, not when my name or identity doesn’t even come out.”
“Right, and we’ll all call you Violet. Shari Kari won’t be heard anymore.” Rebecca insisted. “Right guys?”
“If Timothy’s a target, he could just leave.” Tina recommended.
“Tina,” Rebecca warned her. 
Timothy shifted uncomfortably. “This isn’t fair.” He looked at Zeke. “This is all your fault. If she was on medication, then less people would bother with her.”
Medication again? Zeke looked over at Shari. Yes, he had a deeply seeded feeling she was holding something back. Something that she had told Timothy and not him. Of course.
“Some would still,” Shari corrected Timothy. “It was my decision, Timothy.”
“A wrong decision.” Timothy grumbled. “Is this still worth it to stick with no medication? Huh?” He crossed his arms. “I don’t know if I want to do this.” He glanced at Violet. “One so far?”

“Just one,” Violet said. “Really, I don’t think a lot are gonna come, especially as time goes by. No one will know who I am, hopefully. Timothy?”
Timothy groaned. He looked over at Zeke angrily. “I still blame you.” He grunted. “I don’t know.”
“I know you're not sure about it, I can sense it. I'm not stupid,” Violet said. “If too many come, we could end it. If you want to give it a try?” She moved closer to him. “How about the perks?” She sighed, but had to make him feel better. “I’m Zeke’s sidekick, and I’m dating you, and according to Zekes handbook, you are labeled as the town villain. How embarrassing is that for him?” She looked at Zeke. “It’s embarrassing, right?”
Zeke didn’t answer right away, but he knew she was trying to make him feel better. “It's not the best thing.”
“I mean, if he meets other Adventurers he is going to be a laughing stock.” Violet looked at Zeke again. “Right?”
Zeke didn’t want to answer. Of course, he would be a laughingstock. He's supposed to stop villains, but his sidekick was dating one. The jokes would never cease. Luckily, he was not around other Adventurers a whole lot. “It wouldn't give me the best reputation.”
“Well,” Timothy did like to embarrass Zeke. “I still don’t know.”
“Well, it’s annoying too to him.” Violet still tried to make him feel better. “I mean, think about it? You're officially the villain, and he is going to have to keep an extra close eye on you because of me. We get to date, but he’s the one doing the saving if we get in trouble. When we get to have fun, he has to work extra hard. Right?” She looked at Zeke.
“Yes, I will have to watch dutifully.” Zeke finally replied. “While you date.”
Timothy couldn’t help a small smirk. “If the number that find you are low, I could continue dating. How though? Even Zeke said you’d never have time.”
“I arranged it,” Violet smiled. “I work weekdays only. Saturdays and Sundays, I’m with you. If you still want me?”
“Work weekdays?” Timothy said confused. “What?”
“She will work Monday through Friday,” Zeke commented. “If she does take off Saturdays and Sundays, she cannot be in the rewot. Shelter and food is part of her pay.”
“She’ll live with me?” Timothy almost smiled. “Really?” 
“If you can stand the pressure,” Violet chuckled. “Well?”

“Well Tracy won't be happy.” Timothy chuckled. “Ha. Who cares? Saturday and Sunday you will live with me.” He grabbed her hand anxiously. “You can have everything else you need. Tracy unlocked your door today.”
“You have to get specific food,” Zeke warned Timothy. “No sweets, at all. You must watch that, it’s crucial.”
“Eh, I’d have rabbit food hanging around somewhere.” Timothy grumbled. He eagerly smirked at Violet. “Well, Violet, can you stop jumping around so much?”
“I can relax for a few hours. Although, I love moving, I can be less jumpy. Like on our date.” Violet insisted. “Okay?”
“Don’t get too relaxed,” Zeke warned her. “The more relaxed you are, if you get yourself into a jam, the worse it could get. The more you relax too, the less energized you will feel.”
“I know, I know.” Violet nodded. “I remember. Keep playing.” She looked back at Timothy. “Well?”
“It’s annoying to Hippie. It’s embarrassing for Hippie.” Timothy sighed. “I get you all to myself, finally, on weekends. Are you going to be a giant grape then?”
“I’ll take the outfit off and leave it Friday night,” Violet informed him. “Part of pay too. Trust me?” She brought his hand up. “We can even watch a nice long movie together now.”


Timothy did a small jump. “Okay. I still want you on medication. I won’t stop pushing you toward medication.” He swung her hand back and forth. “I can still deal with this too, though.” He looked at the red ring on her finger. “You still mean something.” Violet gave him a quick but meaningful hug. Timothy chuckled as he gave her a little squeeze back. “Okay, go get your stuff. Not like you’ll drag everything to that rewot anyhow.”
“Yeah.” Violet smiled. “I better go get my stuff while I can.”
Timothy watched her take off quickly. He couldn’t help himself but to show how content he felt inside. Even if wasn’t quite his Shari, ‘Violet’ would not be a horrible substitute. Not if she could keep still and actually spend some time relaxing.
“Violet’s living with Timothy now, and Zeke?” Simps rubbed his head. “That’s weird.”
“She wants it that way.” Timothy answered back causing some surprise. “Now go away, you’re bugging me.”
“We were here first,” Tina complained. 
“Fine! I’ll go see my Violet.” Timothy grumped. 
“Hmm. Guess you were right Zeke,” Pat said as he watched Timothy walk off.
“Right about what?” Zeke had to ask.

“She’s not yours. She’s Timothy’s.” Pat answered back.
Zeke didn't answer and simply watched ahead of himself.
“That’s gonna be annoying,” Simps said as he sucked on his lollipop. “I mean, every time they are on a date or extra close you have to keep a careful eye on them? Even if they go for a fancy dinner in another town?”
“It'd be best to follow.” Zeke replied.
“Every time they danced outside of his house, or they kissed outside of his house or-”
“Yes, Simps. I will watch them.” Zeke interrupted quickly.

“Or even when they aren’t together, you never know whenever trouble strikes.” Simps looked back up. “Why’s trouble following her, Zeke? Why are people going to be after Timothy?”
“No need to know,” Zeke patted him on the back. “Don’t worry about it.”
“Yeah, not until we’re grownups I’m sure.” Rebecca grumbled. “Come on, who wants to play?”
“I do, I do!”
Zeke smiled as he watched the kids run off and play. 
“Hey.”
Zeke looked back and saw Timothy beside him again. “Hello Timothy.”
“Just checking. This is smart, right?” Timothy had to ask.
“With Violet and I both watching, everything will be fine.” Zeke smiled.
“Mm. Why couldn’t I have a basic girlfriend,” Timothy complained. “Fine. You can do this though?”
“Of course, I can do anything I set my mind too.” Zeke insisted.
“Mm. Making sure.” Timothy scoffed. “Good. It’s just that Tracy put some weird thoughts in my head.”
“Imagine that.” Zeke chuckled. “Everything will be OK. What did she say though?”

Timothy just laughed. “Oh, that you might hang around with my girlfriend and pfffft, start to like her more than a friend.” 
Zeke blinked. "Imagine that." 
“I’m not giving up on her and that medication though. Two days are acceptable, but seven days a week is better. And safer for all involved.” Timothy looked at Zeke with disgust. “I hope this doesn’t last long.”
“The feeling is mutual.” Zeke replied. He watched at Timothy took off without even a goodbye. That was his style. Rough, crude, and never playful Yes, such a catch he is. He walked off toward Violet’s house to see if she needed a hand, but saw her lifting her own couch over to him. “You got it? I told you that you were stronger than you knew.”
“I’m carrying a couch on my back,” Violet laughed. “Can you believe it? A month ago I had a cane, and now I can lift a couch on my back. I have a new super power. Guess it came with the JNSQ too. Life sure is weird. Want to help? I know Timothy won’t want to.”
“Why not? He’s such a great boyfriend.”
Violet noticed a strange tenseness in Zeke’ voice. “You’re a little mad about the stuff I said to Timothy, aren’t you? I’m sorry, I wanted him to feel better, and I didn’t want to lose him.”
“Yes, he is such a wonderful catch,” Zeke helped her with the other end of the couch. She could hold it, but she shouldn’t strain herself out that soon. “At least he is better than your last one. Ouch!”
Violet dropped the couch in surprise at his comment and watched him jump around with his foot. A couch was pretty heavy to get on the foot. She hadn’t meant to do that, but that comment caught her off guard. “What did you say?”
“I did not mean it in a bad way.” Zeke stopped hopping around on his foot, although it still tingled. “You are raising your standards, that’s great. I still think it would be the most beneficial though...”
“If I don’t date anyone. I know.” Violet sighed. “I’m not going to live my life in fear of finding someone, that is what my ex boyfriend wants. Okay?”
“Yeah, I know.” Zeke groaned and helped her with the couch again. “I agreed to help take up the slack, and I will. I just hope not many do show up.”
“Well with the identity of being only known as your sidekick Violet, only those seeing me in person would know now.” Violet smiled at Zeke. “Bonus?”
“Bonus,” Zeke chuckled. “I guess it’s safe to say I won the bet?”
“Yep, you won fair and square.” Violet laughed. “Didn’t think I had to announce that. Nope, no pills for you or me.” She looked up at the sky. “It feels like a brand new beginning today.”
Zeke smiled at her as she was looking up. Who knew in a month that he would not only have her off medication, but as a sidekick who was still dating Timothy? Strange how things worked out. 
“At least you still get your own space on weekends,” Violet mentioned as she set the couch down with him. She jumped up on the arm, somersaulted in it and then flipped off. “Oof.”
Zeke caught her in her flip. “Watch where you're going though. You still need to work on that.”
“Just got excited,” Violet patted his arm that caught her. “Thanks for the rescue, I got it from here. Hey," she noticed the metallic peace pendant now hanging around her neck, "aren't you tricky."
"You’re a guardian of Lost Secret, whether sidekick or not," Zeke held up his own peace pendant. "It's traditional for those watching over one of the Five."
"Five?" Violet fidgeted with her pendant."What do you mean, five what?"

"Lost Secret, Abandoned Secret, Forgotten Secret, Forbidden Secret and Hidden Secret," Zeke dropped his pendant letting it dangle on his chest again. "Towns similar to Lost Secret, in the world there are only five." He pointed to her straight in the chest as she had done many times to him. "Anything that comes from you will be mimicked by everyone in town. Watch it."
"I will, I'm not here to corrupt anyone," Violet said as she rubbed her pendant. "A metallic pink tinted prism peace pendant. Wow, say that ten times fast." She looked over at Zeke. "I think I got it, you can let go now."

Zeke let go of her and had watched her head to Timothy's house. “I think she is right about a brand new beginning.” He looked up at the sky too, but his eyes moved more toward the direction of dark clouds coming in from the north. “I just don’t know if it’s a happy beginning or not.” Zeke walked away, thinking about what was in the future for Lost Secret. Would having the secret identity of Violet help keep the unpleasant out? How many would come if they did find out? There was no choice, he kept telling himself. She couldn't take this on by herself and Richster would never help. He kicked a rock that was lying in the street. Usually, he couldn’t sit still, but today a simple stroll was needed. Even though his body was not moving as fast, his mind was working hard. If she had an ex boyfriend with that much power, what else could he do? How far would he go to try and get Violet back? What if the price on her head went up? What did she tell Timothy that she didn't tell him? How safe would Lost Secret be?

It was a gamble, bringing her back, and he knew it. There was a chance no one else would show up. Then again, there was also a chance that someone would. The simple days of being a peaceful, helpful, playful and happy role model might be coming to a close. Would it be worth it? To let her leave Lost Secret, even with all of this following her, he couldn’t do it. Just as he couldn't let her be on medication. To save her, only to let her be open for attack in another town? No. She was a resident of Lost Secret, and that would never change. He just hoped beyond hope that Violet would not bring any more trouble to the peaceful town they were protecting.

For now, all he could do was hope.

Rebecca watched Zeke staring at Shari. She had spent more than half of her life outside Lost Secret, only coming to live there after her mother passed away. She may have been ten years old, but growing up on the outside meant she saw different things, inside and outside. Zeke was a grownup, who even went through re-teaching, but he'd been born in Lost Secret. 
A part of her wanted to take him, lead him over to Shari, put his hand in hers and tell him that he liked her. Even at her age, she could tell Zeke had a thing for Shari. He wasn't upset, asking questions, going all the way to another town, and keeping Shari in Lost Secret with whatever trouble was following her, simply because she was his 'sidekick' or his 'friend'. 
Rebecca shrugged her shoulders, even if she tried to help him, he had the Timothy Varmen obstacle. Zeke was too good for his own good, and he wouldn't overstep those boundaries. He'd probably ignore her anyway, smile, and say she was 'too little to understand'. Adults. They always thought they knew everything.
As for Shari, she wasn't exploring anything and staying nearer to Timothy. Rebecca knew that Shari was with Timothy because she thought no one else would want her. Still, she couldn't tell her either, she'd get the 'still a kid' speech too. Hmph. Rebecca turned away; ready to find someone else to play with.

Adults could be stupider than kids sometimes. 



Death by Cupcake

The rose-colored sweet life of Lost Secret is in danger when Shari's hit grows more important. Is there something else to this bet more than even she knows? When the whole truth is exposed to Zeke, he begrudgingly has to agree with Timothy, and turns against everything he did for Shari, making her reconsider her choices. In order to save her, Zeke will have no choice but to face the one thing he never wanted to do: 

Find out about the parents of Lost Secret. 

