


Skits & Such by Nick Angelis




Copyright 2013 GG Press
Smashwords Edition License Notes

If you did not purchase this complete volume or receive it as a gift, please buy your own copy
.I've removed encryption so you can make multiple copies and edit the skits and dinner theaters to your liking, with the understanding that you will not sell the mutilated results  of my precious work.  Otherwise, Interpol will hunt you down and pluck the feathers from your poultry.





This book is dedicated to my brothers, whether they wish that high honor bestowed upon them or not.  May our ridiculous skits on home video never see the light of day.




Awkward Adulations about Nick Angelis


WOW! What a great find.  Nick’s short book Nonsense is packed full of wit that will leave you laughing as you fall asleep after a stressful day at work. If you enjoy well written short stories, or just well written books in general, get this—you will not be disappointed. I’ve never laughed so much while reading, truly entertaining.  –Karriane Flynn from Beloved Arts Ministries

I found Nick's use of humor in Christian Skits & Such refreshing as he brought relevant issues to light in a unique manner. Rather than addressing surface topics typically found in Christian plays, he addresses matters beyond the superficial and makes his point with laughter.  –Victoria Perkins, drama teacher and author of Three, Two, One and My Immortal, 'm Cara

I grew up performing the skits of Nick Angelis and now use them with my own youth group to minister to others. Be careful though, Nick's crazy.
 –Youth Pastor Andrew Pitts

Nick has an outlandishly creative way of writing from a point of view you’ve never thought of before.  That said, buy his books so he can go receive the professional counseling he so desperately needs.
–Young Adult and Children’s Church Leader Matt Burkette

I had wonderful things to say about Nonsense and Christian Skits & Such, but Nick impatiently published them before I could write my glowing recommendations. This is all you get.
–Rev. Mark Plegge, Grammy Nominated Artist

I found The Twerk Vaccine on amazon and had to bite my nurse’s hat to keep from laughing out loud.  This is a must-read for anyone in healthcare and anyone who likes stuff like The Onion.
–Elisha Earnest, RN, BSN

Although Nick Angelis is a consummate professional and clinician, and a welcomed guest contributor on my blog, his brain works a little differently than everyone else.  Read Choosing a Healthcare Career and How to Succeed in Anesthesia School (And RN, PA, or Med School) to benefit from his sensible yet unique perspectives.  
–David Godden, CRNA and writer of www.nurseanesthetist.org




Table of Contents

User Guide

Small Group Skits

Diary of a Ditz
Relentless after the One
Brainsuckers
Charades
Enamel Transportation Vessel
Good Samaritan
Guardian Angels

Monologues

Superheroes
Jonah’s Whale
Rock
Last Shot

Large Group Productions

Compelled by Opera
Ninjas for Jesus
Prep Metal
Risk the Seriousness
Split
Morte di Pasta Dinner Theater

About the Author and Similar Nonsense




User Guide


Please note that I will discuss the best uses of Christian Skits & Such in this long-winded user guide, but it is best read late at night with warm milk.  The collection of skits and plays herein includes about twenty completely different works.  In many instances, I've included several variations of the same work: "Superheroes", for instance, is an easily produced funny skit for two to five actors, a more interactive work for six actors, or a complex monologue.  The interactive table of contents allows readers to pick individual scripts, with all versions of the same drama grouped together.  Other similar skits involve the same characters but emphasize a different theme or make the original skit more readily adaptable.  The different variations primarily demonstrate how easily my writing can be bent for your own nefarious purposes.  
A brief (and clearly biased) summary of characters, plot, and even quality of the work precedes each drama so that you can quickly find what will work for you, your actors, and your potential audience.  Some work well on a Sunday morning to illustrate a sermon, while others are best suited to increase the skills of an impromptu troupe.  Besides the table of contents linking to specific scripts, this book begins with skits for two to four actors, continues with monologues, and ends with the larger productions I've written.
I've provided this book with limited copyrights to make life easier for you.  You can even base a lame play about vampires and pirates fighting over the Cross of Cortez on one of my skits, provided you've bought this ebook instead of just borrowed it for your reading pleasure.  Don't worry, there are no vampire skits in this book—just the occasional ninja.  One restriction you agree to by purchasing this book is that you will buy an additional copy for each institution (i.e. school or church) in which you will be using the contents.  You can always contact me with questions or for support.  There are no additional costs or permissions needed to put on any of these performances, and I don't want any of the money you make selling tickets to your show.  
Looking forward, more and more playwrights will provide digital only copies of their work: gone will be the multiple paper copies of ragged scripts with words crossed out and cryptic notes in the margin.  The smashwords edition of this ebook will be in multiple formats, while the amazon edition requires an e-reader or the free kindle application available for computers, tablets, and smart phones.  That way, every actor in a production can have a copy of the script on his or her own device.  The easiest way to edit the scripts is to simply copy and paste them into Word, Wordpad, or a similar program (or buy them in that format from smashwords.com).  I've tried to format this book to streamline that process—changing the font size and letter spacing in PC e-reader apps will allow the reader to easily transfer larger scripts or make scripts more readable.  
Many of the skits in this book are written for the Assemblies of God Fine Arts Festival, a Christian competition for teens based on an annual theme such as "Without Excuse" and the deceptively similar "No Regrets".  To increase portability and in order for them to be used for other competitions (speech meets, for instance), the use of props and costumes has been limited.  Obviously, I didn't write this book to appeal only to the extremely narrow genre of Christian teen drama competitions.  The different pieces are a fun read that I hope will bless you and minister to you.  Also, this is a worthwhile investment for drama clubs and for school fundraisers, especially in the case of the decidedly secular (but appropriate) murder mystery dinner theater variations I wrote, acted, and directed.

Skit Generation

In this third edition, I’ve updated the Table of Contents and pictures and re-released this compilation on the iBookstore.  This book is still  meant to be a starting point; a perusal into my creative process that will allow you to expand on what I’ve done and never have to buy another skit book.  I’ve been in way too many skits with teenaged characters named “Judy” or “Sharon”, and awkwardly-dated pop culture references to do the same to you.  In fact, I took out references to Star Trek’s “Security Chief Odo” in one of my older skits and replaced him with a more recent but probably already irrelevant substitute.  
I believe the key is to avoid writing a skit about the latest trends or topics.  As technology increases, the market supersaturates and then abandons the latest craze much more quickly.  That doesn’t mean that referencing specific figures or datable trends is a bad idea (although all the popular songs five years ago mentioning myspace are unlikely to get much radio time anymore).  Instead, if your goal is to set a specific scene relatable to a certain demographic, write about what will be cool several months from now.  If today, April 19, 2014, I wrote a skit about vampires, it would remain interesting for a year or two because of the fading success of the Twilight saga and numerous books and TV shows.  Making the skit slightly more generalized about a dystopian world, similar to Brainsuckers, would ensure a continued connection with the audience; apocalyptic story lines have a much more durable and far-reaching effect than focusing on the solitary mythical creature currently trending.  So, write about mummies instead of zombies, and look at content creators to discern what everyone will be buzzing around next year.  I predict one promising genre will be Westerns because of Disney’s upcoming flick The Lone Ranger, which will undoubtedly do for cowboys what Pirates of the Caribbean did for sea-faring rogues and what John Carter failed to do for everybody.  Looking back on that sentence a year later, I didn’t know what I was talking about.  Clearly winter-themed skits are in vogue thanks to Disney’s Frozen.  Westerns?  That’s about as likely as Wyatt Earp and Louis L’Amour buffalo jousting.
For most skits, the above advice refers only to dialogue characters may engage in.  Writing a drama in any genre other than realistic fiction is challenging because audiences will unlikely suspend their disbelief for an entire skit about singing dragons and the search for parsnips.  Trying to find a new perspective on an overdone subject will force your hand, however.  For two real world examples, I’ll quickly break down the 2013 theme for the Assemblies of God Fine Arts festival, “Finish\ed”.  Themed contests require clearly identifiable plot progression, but a completely unique story line is just as important.  
The “Finish\ed” logo features a mountain and the Bible verse Acts 20:24, where the apostle Paul discusses completing the race of life.  Quickly, write down the first and second idea that pop into your head!  You probably don’t want to use them, because everyone else will start brainstorming about mountain climbing or sporting events as potential skit settings.  If you wrote a skit about useless punctuation marks like “\”, the story would be original, but I don’t know of many people easily moved by the travails of a comma or tilde.  However, you could easily adapt skits like Charades or Split to discuss the finite nature of life and the contrasts between finishing well or poorly.  The 2014 theme is “Limitless” which explores the same essential truths as the last slogan.  A simple contrast to explain is unending troubles transformed into limitless possibilities with God.  Recycling your work (or, in this case, my work) may sound lazy, but it simply allows you to quickly generate content.  To be honest, it’s the best way to bring the arts into a church service.  Few pastors would have the foresight to ask you to develop a skit months ahead of time, but having a repertoire of adaptable dramas allows for last minute productions.
One final thought before we somersault into Diary of a Ditz.  Writing and performing short dramas gets easier the more you read and see them.  That can quickly become an expensive habit, but searching “free Christian skits” on Google reveals a jumble of products and blogs from 1997.  One of the largest collections of free skits is bobsbook.org.  Most of Bob’s skits are purposefully simple, but my skit The Good Samaritan is similar to something he’d write.  For quality products worth the money I recommend @SkitGuys and the fathers of this genre: Isaac Air Freight  



Diary of a Ditz


I typecasted this for Rachel (who is now my sister in law) and Katie, who came up with the best lines in this gloriously silly three minute skit when they couldn’t remember the original script.  They were on a mission as high school seniors to lead as many of their friends to Christ as they could in the time they had left.  Like the characters in this skit, Rachael and Katie spend most of their free time giggling.  Impromptu skills aren’t necessary, but Katie needs to have gymnastic abilities.


KATIE and RACHEL center stage, legs apart, arms at 45-degree angle to sides, heads down.

KATIE and RACHEL (with appropriate body language):  One chance to win!  One chance to fight! In the trash bin there is no light!  Goooooooo Chimps! Eee Eee Eee!
RACHEL: Oh my goshies Katie, I just don’t get it.  If the other team knows we’re gonna put them in the trash bin, why don’t they put a light in it?
KATIE: Well, “We’re gonna eat you for din-din” just doesn’t sound as cool.
RACHEL (does another cheer badly):  We’ve got one life! We’ve got one chance! We’re gonna dominate with a stance! 
(Does a stance than waves arms frantically). Well, what do you think?  Am I gonna make the team?  Am I good?  Do I rock?
KATIE:  Rachel, your jump was pretty good, and your facial expression was bright and sunn—you’re horrible!!
RACHEL:  (cries) But I try so hard.  This is my only chance!
KATIE: There’s always next year, right?
RACHEL:  I plan to graduate this time around.
KATIE: That addition stuff, it’s hardcore.
RACHEL:  Aww, I love you Katie, you’re my best friend.  You always make me laugh. 
KATIE: I know someone you love even more…that’s why you’re trying so hard to make the squad..so a certain someone will notice you.
RACHEL:  I never should have let you read my diary. 
KATIE:  (Cheers) His name is Todd! You like his bod! He’s a basketball star! With a really nice car!  (together): Yay..Todd!
RACHEL:  You see?  If I cheer for him, he’ll like me and date me and marry me and—
KATIE:  Probably not.
RACHEL:  Then why do I even like him?  My life is like scrambled eggs, he’s all I think about.  Judy, I can’t even remember anyone else’s name except Todd.
KATIE:  Uh…Katie (thumbs up smile).  And I’m pretty sure your diary says why you like him.
RACHEL:  Can you read it to me?
KATIE:  January 3rd.  Dear diary, I feel sunny-side up today.  Todd smiled at me!  Or maybe at the wall.  I like him because he’s cute and smells nice.
RACHEL:  Is that it?
KATIE:  January 14th.  Dear diary, Todd looked at another girl!  But I think she’s a relative so it’s still cool.  I’m gonna spend my life with him.  
I like him because his clothes match really well for a boy.  I think he’s funny.  I mean, I’m always giggly when I see him.
RACHEL: Don’t I ever say anything important or serious about him?
KATIE: Nope!
RACHEL:  Maybe this shouldn’t be all I think about then.
KATIE:  Yeah, come on, we have cheerleading to practice! (does a flip)
RACHEL:  No, that’s not what I mean.  Nice front handspring though.
KATIE:  You want to make the team, right Rachel?
RACHEL:  Katie, I only want to be a cheerleader so Todd will notice me.  I’m saying that we both have our priorities wrong.
KATIE: So I shouldn’t work hard to be the best cheerleader the Chester Chimps have ever had?
RACHEL:  Well, this is how we’ve decided to live the life we get—our focus should be on God.  This is our last year of high school to share Him with our friends.
KATIE:  Yeah, some of those cheerleaders really need every chance to learn about Jesus, and I just talk to them about roundoffs. 
RACHEL:  So Jesus has to be, like number one, and everything else is on the side.  Kinda like he’s the yolk and then you have that fattening white part all around…
KATIE:  Is there something I need to know about you and eggs?
RACHEL:  (frantic) I just like eggs!!!  
KATIE:  So you’re saying that Jesus has to be central, and everything else just relates to how we serve Him.  Even cheerleading.
RACHEL:  Sounds like we have a lot of work to do, let’s hit it!
KATIE and RACHEL:  One Life One Chance! It’s more real than this dance!  Our lives to enhance so God’s message can advance.  (K freezes)
RACHEL: Dear diary, Todd looks sooo good today—I mean, I’m going to ask Todd today if he knows Jesus as his personal Lord and Savior.



Relentless after the One


This fairly normal five minute skit based on the title theme has promise but isn’t one of my better works, despite the fact that I just wrote it on Tuesday.  Its success hinges on how out of place “Trevor” appears in an otherwise boring business setting, and how creepy “Boss” makes the audience feel.  It features one logical person and one with stupid ideas/a passion for something useless.  One character (Gertrude) finds how to be relentless, the other (Trevor) how to pick the right one to follow.  The boss mediates them both as they try to prove that they're the best for "the one" perfect job.  The boss is a cross between a used car salesman and the pointy haired boss from Dilbert.
Boss, Gertrude, Trevor (any combination of males/females will work). The scene opens with Gertrude and Trevor seated center stage.  Gertrude, brow furrowed, is typing into her smart phone (or a cupped hand) while Trevor is carrying on a conversation with his hand as if it were a puppet, e.g. “Why yes, yes, Mr. Penguin, that’s a fine suit you’re wearing.”  Boss walks slowly to them, and Gertrude rises to greet him.


BOSS: (standing, center stage)  It’s finally come down to you last two applicants.  I wish we could hire both of you, but with the economy what is it, we could barely pay for my bonus and the riot police pepper spray charity we support.
GERTRUDE:  Thanks for having us sir.  I’m sure you’ve done a great job this year in the construction business and you were worth every penny.
BOSS:  The bonus was for not going bankrupt or publicly humiliating the company more than once a quarter, but thank you.
TREVOR:  (Abruptly stops talking to his hand)  Quarter?  Where?  I could buy a gumball with a quarter! (starts searching the chair).
GERTRUDE:  As you can see, my knowledge of complex business terms such as “quarter” and “bonus” really sets me apart from other applicants.
TREVOR:  I might not be as logical and organized as my boring friend here, but I’m passionate and relentless, even about those precious little coins with the bird on the back (does a chicken dance).  I love shiny things, and I love Jesus too!
BOSS:  Oh my.  I can’t believe you’re the final two choices for this job.  I think I’m going to be sick (holds stomach) or maybe I just need a good cry. (Buries his face in his hands and begins to sob and/or vomit quietly).
GERTRUDE:  Look, I’m a Christian too, but you’ve gotta be subtle—
TREVOR:  Why aren’t you relentless about your faith?  It’s not a switch to be turned on for a few hours on Sundays, (wistfully) like the magical times I had with Tinkle the Puppet during Sunday School (makes a “puppet” with his hand):  Those were the days!
GERTRUDE:  From looking at your bare, puppetless hand, I can tell you haven’t been making enough money to donate to the Tinkle Restoration Fund.  That’s why you need a job.
BOSS:  These interviews always go much smoother after a good cry.  Clears my head, you know?  Now Gertrude, what’s important to your life.
GERTRUDE:  Mathematics, and compartmentalizing my life appropriately, like those plastic bins you can get at Walmart.  I’ll have a huge bin for work, of course sir, and a little bin for my family, and since I’m a digital programmer for handheld devices I need a bin for that, and my faith bin (looks at Trevor).
BOSS: And Trevor, besides Jesus Christ, apparently, who’s your role model?
TREVOR (holding a puppet with two hands and in a scary voice): Mukor the Dark Muppet!  No, in all seriousness, it would be Pinocchio, because he started as a puppet but became a real boy!
GERTRUDE:  Well sir, when can I start?
BOSS: Don’t either of you want to know more about this mystery position you’re applying for?
TREVOR:  Are we starting a glorious puppet ministry for Jesus using technology?
GERTRUDE:  It must be something strange, because the only thing One-Track -Trevor and I have in common is four fingers and an opposable thumb on each hand.
BOSS (laughing hysterically until Gertrude and Trevor nervously join in): Right on!  The Arab Spring has affected our excavation and refuse department in Cairo down to our smallest employee, a precious dung beetle named Cleopatra.
TREVOR:  That’s mean, why do you call her a dung beetle?
BOSS:  She hasn’t been able to roll dung into the perfect spheres needed to deposit her eggs.  She lacks the digital manipulation skills you two have.
GERTRUDE:  Digital programmer!  That’s me, not these digits! (wiggles fingers).
TREVOR:  So that’s why you had us make little balls with Play-Doh during the first interview!  
BOSS: Yes, your fingers show remarkable skill at rolling dung balls.  When can you start?
GERTRUDE: This is ludicrous!  Trevor, how will you follow God relentlessly helping dung beetles in Egypt?  I could have been organizing my pantsuit collection today instead of wasting my time at this interview.
TREVOR: Well, the apostle Paul told the Philippians everything is dung compared to gaining Christ.
GERTRUDE: He also had a sensible job making tents so he could eat and afford his missionary trips.
BOSS:  Excellent point, Gertrude!  You’re so logical.
GERTRUDE (thoughtfully):  Yeah, that’s my problem, never taking a step of faith.  I know everything up here (points to her head) but was only willing to take it so far.
BOSS:  So you’re saying that your focus is off.
TREVOR:  Mine is too!  I’ve got the relentless part down, but it should be only after the One, not creepy hobbies (looks at puppet arm).  My passion makes me look like a dizzy dung beetle in a—
GERTRUDE: Please don’t finish your analogy.  Trevor, let’s go to Starbuck’s or somewhere to discuss what we’ve learned from each other—unless you still want a job rolling dung.
TREVOR: I know of a place that gives you a free toy if you order a certain type of meal! (They walk off together, leaving the horror-stricken boss by himself).
BOSS:  Wait!  This means, I have to take the job! (Motions as if he’s rolling “Play-Doh” into a ball and scrunches up his face as if about to cry before bowing his head to end the skit).



Brainsuckers


Brainsuckers is a complex and rather dark skit contrasting bumper sticker belief systems with real world issues like cancer, drug abuse, etc.  The two characters (or five if all parts are separated) are identified as Alien “A” (or Zombie, if zombies are still in vogue when you perform this skit) and Human “H”.  The actors can call each other by their actual names after the first sequence, especially if those names are Alfonzo and Herbie.  Most of my skits feature character names abbreviated with numbers and/or initials so the actors can use their own names when addressing other characters.
In summary, the skit begins as a skit within a skit, (a common theme in my work because an outrageous premise is only believable for about 30 seconds), but then both characters whirl around, plopping in chairs, and stretch, talking about how great that sci-fi movie they just saw was.  Yada yada yada, they realize that unchurched folk aren’t some sort of unfeeling animals and that people don’t automatically realize that believers are different unless they live out their faith.  To avoid confusion, both actors must form new postures and mannerisms for different characters (A plays 2 people, H 3).
“A” is often sarcastic and uncaring, though sure in his convictions, even if he hasn’t thought them all the way through.  “H” isn’t very bright but is optimistic, always learning and trying to be wise and thoughtful.


Opens with dramatic and serious scene where an alien (A) and human (H) are skulking about 2 chairs (only props ) trying to find each other.  Alien leaps out and grabs the human by the top of his head, human convulses, shrieks, and dies. Alien roots through his pocket, pantomimes pulling out something, realizes it’s a picture of the human’s wife and children and says first line (in an appropriate film noir type of voice).

A: What is this?  I have something similar to this (pulls out own picture and compares)…it’s a picture of his family.  He was capable of love and sorrow and loyalty, as I am.  We never thought it would be like this. (Characters twirl into seats).
H:  Now that was a good movie.  
A:  The plot was a little weak.  Did you hear that guy (describe someone in the audience if this happens) giggling during the last scene?  Seriously, (H and A walk across the stage), why would evil aliens cry about the human’s pictures from home.  And who has room in their Alien Eradication combat gear for a photo album anyway?  
H: What was your favorite part?
A:  Duh.  When the alien fried the dude’s brains (they do a poor imitation of the above action, ending with H writhing on the ground).
H:  (laughing) You’ve got a sick mind, and I’ve got popcorn grease on my clothes now.  It’ll freeze in this weather—and you’ve only got a t-shirt on (clue to audience that they’ve walked outside).  I liked the storyline, how through adversity we discover how valuable our diversity is.  
A:  What?  Did you steal that off a campaign sign or someone’s bumper sticker?  You’re not making sense, stop trying to get all serious on me.  
H:  I’m just saying that having an open mind allows you to see perspectives you never saw before.
A:  Having an open mind can also make your brains fall out.  Then you won’t even need an alien brainsucker to do the job! (Chases H with hand as A happily screams.  H turns his back to the audience as A looks for him and A adlibs.  At opposite end of the stage, H turns around as new character, moody stoner).
A:  Hey, what are you doing here John?
H:  Don’t look at me so strange, you’re the one looking stupid (Points to A’s arm still positioned as a brainsucker) You got a light?  Or better yet, you got something I can smoke?
A:  How can you ask me that?  Don’t you see what I’m wearing?
H:  Yeah, your t-shirt says (insert real Christian tee) “Fear Not” instead of No Fear/“Reborn” instead of “Reebok”.  What’s that mean?
A:  I’m a Christian!
H:  I don’t care what you are, give me your stash!  (grabs A, they roll on the ground).
A:  I don’t have any, didn’t you hear me?  
H:  (sarcastic) Sorry dude, I must have overlooked the light beaming from your body.  Wait, the angels—they’re singing as I look at you! (Look of fake awe on face abruptly turns to one of mockery). Loser.  (walks away chuckling to assume same position facing away from audience).
A:  Hey, wait! (H turns) Please( nervously).  So you do know something about Christians.  Why do you hate us?
H (softens): I don’t hate you.  And I don’t do drugs because it’s bad.  Every day, I prayed to your Jesus.  My baby sister has cancer.  It’s getting worse.  I need to take the pain away.
A: Jesus heals our hurts.
H: I bet you have a t-shirt that says that.  (Walks away)  
A (angry): I can’t believe it!  Did you hear that God!?
H (spins around): What’s up?  Some guy wanted to sell me a real Rolex!  We probably should stick together in this neighborhood though.  No wonder the movie tickets were so cheap.
A: One of those potheads from school thought I had weed!  He didn’t even understand my t-shirt.
H:  Which is probably best, that’s a pretty silly shirt you’ve got on.  (Slaps him on the back)
A:  I told you the movie didn’t make any sense.  I’ve got as much in common with people like that as I would with an alien.
H:  Except for the contents of your pocket.  Do you still carry that picture of your mom around?  All right, all right, I’m just kidding.
A:  I was real with that guy, H, and, it’s like I saw his soul, I saw the way Jesus can change him.  And then, it was like he put his shields up, and he laughed in my face.
H:  You caught the burden God has for us.  I need that too.  I don’t really see things in black and white, I’ve always thought we’re all sorta similar, and maybe if I don’t witness to my friends they’ll be ok.
A:  We are similar!  Us and the unsaved.  We all have hopes, dreams, we cry, we love, we sin.
H: Heh. Your life is the only Bible people will ever read. But that’s no excuse to keep the book shut!  I’m starting to think of that movie again.
A:  Me too.  The brainsucking.  Realizing the truth and living it on the inside and outside.
H:  It’s in the Bible. (weird look from A).  No, not brainsucking.  The death of the old man.  It talks about drowning our sinful nature.  That’s a violent, messy death.
A:  The Bible also says he’ll renew our minds.  God needs us to understand His love.  He needs to suck out our brains!
H:  And replace them with his love, his truth!
A:  Wow.  All this from a low-budget movie.
H:  The foolishness of God confounds the wise.  He has a mission for all of us..
H: (Steps forward in brainsucking stance as he talks)  I’m going to be a brainsucker for Jesus.
A:  Me too! (Steps next to H in same pose—with both hands!
Characters bow heads, arms still extended toward the audience as if sucking out their brains).



Charades


This skit has three variations.  The first is the original script I wrote with Daniel Angelis, Michael Regal, and Jason Fisher.  It was a finalist at the National Fine Arts Festival in Washington DC that year, the event the skit parodies.  The second variation is updated without the inside jokes that might limit the skit’s reach and effectiveness.  Ideally, you can populate the second version with details specific to your audience–this increases the authenticity and comedic relevancy of the piece.  The third variation is a different production (also featuring the great Matt Leigh) that is essentially a  lamer rendition of the original skit.  On second thought, and after unsuccessful editing attempts to make the third variation coherent to audiences in the second decade of the new millennium, you’ll have to wait for the sequel to read it (though I’ll miss the skit’s parody of Carman’s 1993 music video “Satan, Bite the Dust”.  In part, Charades (and the much less creative Risk the Seriousness found in the large production section) is based on the cold hard science of assembling Christian phrases into a workable skit to win awards.  Much like improv, the comedy here is in the character’s relationship, so they should try to act as much like believable teenagers as they can.  Otherwise, this skit will come across as trite and sacrilegious instead of an honest look at how irrelevant Christian pop culture can be.  


Dan: Ok mom.  I'll come to church next week, I promise.  AHHH!!!! (is thrown sideways and to the floor).

Dan: The city, the Crystal Sea, streets of gold, a wall of jasper, rubies, and emeralds! (suddenly spies the Almighty, bows down) Lord, Lord!

Mike: Not everyone that saith unto me “Lord, Lord” shall enter the kingdom of heaven…But only him that doeth the will of my father. 

Dan: But-but-but, Lord! I prophesied in your name! I even cast out demons! I did so many wonderful things in YOUR name!

Mike: I never knew you. Depart from me, ye worker of iniquity!

Dan: But Lord! It wasn’t my fault! I had a rough life! My family didn’t follow you. I was abused. No one explained it all to me. I thought I was following you. I thought-(interrupted by God)

Mike: If you had really pursued me, you would have no regrets!!! 

Dan: Nooooooooooo—— (looks up at God) 

Mike :……………( lost look) Excuses….

Dan: no no no, not again! Excuses excuses!  The theme is Without Excuse!

Mike:  Uh…thy iniquities…yeah  Well, come on, you know I’m only good at human videos and interpretive dance…when I was home schooled.

Dan:  Yeah, well DON’T – DO IT – TOMMORROW!!  (crucifies him)

Mike:  Your choreography was off.  (comes off the cross) 

Mike:  (let’s go) Don’t worry, Yahweh will get His lines right tomorrow.

Dan:  Yeah you had better because I still got the hammer in my hand.

Mike:  Hey keep Ray Boltz out of this, Carman eyebrows.

Dan:  We have eight hours (touches his eyebrows subconsciously) till we perform— on-stage— in front of the judges— in the bowels of the free world. (tries several times to do a cool motion for "bowels")

Mike: The bowels?

Dan:  Don’t patronize me!  What if John Ashcroft shows up?

Mike:  Maybe he can help you with your bowel problem (mimics Dan's attempt).

Dan: Har har.  Hey, don’t you have to be down the hall for the annual 2 AM hotel room Human Video Group practice?

Mike:  They can hold the fort for a while.  Tim can play my part till we’re done.

Dan:  You’re Jesus!

Mike:  Oh come on, like that’s hard.  You have Jesus position number 1;

Dan (covering his eyes): Unworthy!

Mike: Jesus position number 2;

Dan (crouching): If I could only touch the hem of his garment…

Mike: and Jesus position number 3 (cross). . .

Dan (making goat hands and running around Mike)  I'm a demon, I'm a demon. Ooh, What now?! What now?!
 
Mike: Stop it!  It’s not like we’re gonna go that far anyway (Dan spears him in his side).

Dan:  Why not?

Mike:  There’s no scene with senseless violence (Dan pantomimes shooting him and Michael does a slow motion fall).

Dan: Why did you take it out?

Mike:  (Getting up)  It got old. (Flips into a standing position, and tries to be serious).  I really like our piece this year though, it has a really good message.

Dan:  (pauses and then begins trying to mimic the flip)  Uh huh.  So. . . about you getting your lines right tomorrow.  

Mike:  Dan.  I’m tired, I have another practice to go to, and we have to do this at 10 tomorrow..Do you need help? (Dan motions "no") I think we have it down.

Dan:  My lines are good but Elohim’s leave something to be desired.

Mike:  Come on!  You know that I’ve done it right a hundred times!  We’ve done our part!  We can let God do the rest.

Dan:  Oh please.  It’s not like we need to call down the anointing (televangelist imitation) or anything.

Mike:  Really?  I was just about to suggest that we should pray.

Dan: For what?

Mike:  For God’s help?

Dan:  OK.  Lord Jesus we need your help tomorrow.  God, we pray that you will open their eyes to the truth. . . that there is only one— true— winner in this competition.  That the judges will discern our preparation and determination to succeed

Mike:  And touch some people’s hearts Lord.

Dan: So that our impeccable skill will be realized.  Amen.

Mike:  And may it be sealed forever in the heavens—(smacks Dan).  What was that all about?

Dan:  What?  You want to make the second round don’t you?

Mike:  Well yeah, but we have a chance to minister to some people here.

Dan:  Oh come on, you know they just call it ministry to excuse the thousands of teens coming here to compete.

Mike:  What’s with you man? Why are you really here?  Is this just an ego booster for you or what?

Dan: I just want to win.  

Mike:  That’s fine.  I want to win too.  But we’ve got a missions trip two weeks from now and we’re gonna be using this same skit all over Cleveland.  This is just a warm up.

Dan:  (Suddenly nervous)  You know, I have to talk with Pastor Chris about that. . .

Mike:  You're not going?!?!?!

Dan:  I didn’t say that. . . I just don’t know if I’m cut out for street ministry.  I mean, still need a few more years of fine arts before I’m ready for that.

Mike:  What’s the point of going through all these practices if we don’t present the gospel to someone that needs it?  I mean, here we are mimicking all of Christ's actions, but it's all charades unless we actually do what he tells us to do.

Dan:  I’m not ready, OK!  I’ve got time.  It’s not as if God needs me to reach the world or anything.  There’s plenty of qualified people out there.

Mike:  Excuses, excuses…

Dan:  (defensive) They're not excuses…they're just…excuses.

Mike:  So I guess the real question is, do we really have no excuses, or is that just this year’s fine arts theme?

Dan:  I'm really not sure.

Mike: (pauses, gets up to leave) Well, I'm gonna go to practice.  See ya tomorrow.

Dan: Yeah, see ya.  God…I don't want this to be just a charade (freezes as he realizes he's praying in the same Pentecostal position as in his last prayer and lets his arms fall)  Lord…help.

####

Version 2

Dan: Ok mom.  I'll come to church next week, I promise.  AHHH!!!! (is thrown sideways and to the floor).

Dan: The city, the Crystal Sea, streets of gold, a wall of jasper, rubies, and emeralds! (suddenly spies the Almighty, bows down) Lord, Lord!

Mike: Not everyone that saith unto me “Lord, Lord” shall enter the kingdom of heaven…But only him that doeth the will of my father. 

Dan: But-but-but, Lord! I prophesied in your name! I even cast out demons! I did so many wonderful things in YOUR name!

Mike: I never knew you. Depart from me, ye worker of iniquity!

Dan: But Lord! It wasn’t my fault! I had a rough life! My family didn’t follow you. I was abused. No one explained it all to me. I thought I was following you. I thought-(interrupted by God)

Mike: If you had really pursued me, you would have no ambivalence!!! 

Dan: Nooooooooooo—— (looks up at God) 

Mike :……………( lost look) Excuses….

Dan: no no no, not again! Excuses excuses!  The line is supposed to be without excuse!

Mike:  Uh…thy iniquities…yeah  Well, come on, you know I’m only good at interpretive dance…when I was home schooled.

Dan:  Yeah, well DON’T – DO IT – TOMMORROW!!  (crucifies him)

Mike:  Your choreography was off.  (comes off the cross) 

Mike:  (let’s go) Don’t worry, Yahweh will get His lines right in His time.

Dan:  Yeah you had better because I still got the hammer in my hand.

Mike:  Hey keep Mercy Me out of this, Crowder Face.

Dan:  We have eight hours (touches his eyebrows subconsciously) till we perform on stage.  And you should be down the hall practicing with the other creepy mimes.

Mike:  They can hold the fort for a while.  Tim can play my part till we’re done.

Dan:  You’re Jesus!

Mike:  Oh come on, like that’s hard.  You have Jesus position number 1 (stands like a superhero);

Dan (covering his eyes): Unworthy!

Mike: Jesus position number 2 (pretends to heal);

Dan (crouching): If I could only touch the hem of his garment…

Mike: and Jesus position number 3 (cross). . .

Dan (making goat hands and running around Mike)  I'm a demon, I'm a demon. Ooh, What now?! What now?!
 
Mike: Stop it!  It’s not like we’re gonna win a trophy anyway.  (Dan spears him in his side)

Dan:  Why not?

Mike:  There’s no scene with senseless violence (Dan shoots him Michael does matrix fall).

Dan: Why did you take it out?

Mike:  (Getting up)  It got old. (Flips into a standing position and tries to be serious).  I really like the video we have this year though, it has a really good message.

Dan:  (pauses and then begins trying to mimic the flip)  Uh huh.  So. . . about you getting your lines right tomorrow.  

Mike:  Dan.  I’m tired, I have another practice to go to, and we have to do this at 10 tomorrow..Do you need help? (Dan motions "no") I think we have it down.

Dan:  My lines are good but Elohim’s leave something to be desired.

Mike:  Come on!  You know that I’ve done it right a hundred times!  We’ve done our part!  We can let God do the rest.

Dan:  Oh please.  It’s not like we need to call down the anointing (Steve Hill imitation) or anything.

Mike:  Really?  I was just about to suggest that we should pray.

Dan: For what?

Mike:  For God’s help?

Dan:  OK.  Lord Jesus we need your help tomorrow.  God, we pray that you will open their eyes to the truth. . . that there is only one— true— winner in this competition.  

Mike:  And touch some people’s hearts Lord.

Dan:  So that our impeccable skill will be realized.  Amen.

Mike. And may it be sealed forever in the heavens—(smacks Dan)what was that all about?

Dan:  What’s wrong with what I said?

Mike:  Well yeah, but we have a chance to minister to some people here.

Dan:  Oh come on, you know they just call it ministry to excuse the thousands of teens coming here to compete.

Mike:  What’s with you man? Why are you really here?  Is this just an ego booster for you or what?

Dan: I just want to win.  

Mike:  That’s fine.  I want to win too.  But we’ve got a missions trip two weeks from now and we’re gonna be using this same skit all over Pensacola.  This is just a warm up.

Dan:  (Suddenly nervous)  You know, I have to talk with Pastor Chris about that. . .

Mike:  You're not going?!?!?!

Dan:  I didn’t say that. . . I just don’t know if I’m cut out for street ministry.  I mean, still need a few more years of honing my skills before I’m ready for that.

Mike:  What’s the point of going through all these practices if we don’t present the gospel to someone that needs it?  I mean, here we are mimicking all of Christ's actions, but it's all charades unless we actually do what he tells us to do.

Dan:  I’m not ready, OK!  I’ve got time.  It’s not as if God needs me to reach the world or anything.  There’s plenty of qualified people out there.

Mike:  Excuses, excuses…

Dan:  (defensive) They're not excuses…they're just…excuses.

Mike:  So I guess the real question is, do we really have no excuses, or is that just the line you can never remember?

Dan:  I'm really not sure.

Mike: (pauses, gets up to leave) Well, I'm gonna go to practice.  See ya tomorrow.

Dan: Yeah, see ya.  God…I don't want this to be just a charade (freezes as he realizes he's praying in the same position as in his last prayer and lets his arms fall)  Lord…help.


Enamel Transportation Vessel


This cute little skit about pride features adults but works well for children’s church with its simple lesson (and easy to learn dialogue).  Characters: Dentist and Tooth Fairy (aka Mr. Barge), who is initially disguised as a cavity-ridden patient.  I wrote this for two males, but the dentist can be a female (just change the electric guitar line to something about her beautiful voice).  Similarly, if you’d prefer an urban poser dentist instead of a materialistic yuppie, substitute “neon lights” for “iPad 2” in the third line.  Stage consists of three chairs that Tooth Fairy is lying across while Dentist stands behind him, drilling a tooth.  This is actually the only skit in the whole book that really needs to use chairs as props.  Dental sounds, irate complaints from patient appropriate if characters can make realistic ones.

DENTIST: A little wider Mr. Barge.
TOOTH FAIRY:  (muffled) I can’t open any wider.
DENTIST: Did I tell you about my new car?  I’m getting an internal iPad 2 installed.
TOOTH FAIRY: (slams feet against chair).
DENTIST: Oh come on, if you’d just open up another inch I could fit two more instruments and a tennis ball in there.
TOOTH FAIRY: (cranes his neck to glare at D)
DENTIST:  Just a joke.  Speaking of which, what’s another name for dentist instruments?
(TF ignores him)
DENTIST: Weapons of mass extraction!  (Laughs and falls off chair)
(His pride is hurt that Tooth Fairy didn’t laugh).  Well, I understand, if I had twenty platinum fillings I wouldn’t be laughing either..Although, that (rapper accent) is some serious bling bling you got in your crib (Laughs and falls off chair).
TOOTH FAIRY:  You always have to cover up your own flaws, don’t you. 
DENTIST:  I’m just saying you need to pay more careful attention to your teeth.  Seriously, gingivitis can set in if you’re not careful.  It really looks like you’ve forgotten some details—meaning you brushed your incisors and forgot the other 24 teeth.
TOOTH FAIRY:  There’s unfinished business, but it’s not about teeth—it’s about your destiny.
DENTIST:  You are creeping me out like garlic-tinged halitosis.
TOOTH FAIRY: Enough with the corny jokes feebly trying to hide your insecurities!  (Stands on the chair where his head lay and smiles)
DENTIST:  (Cowering and shielding his eyes):  The light!  The light!  Who are you?
TOOTH FAIRY:  Enamel Transportation Vessel!
DENTIST:  Those blindingly white teeth!  Enamel Transportation…Of course, you’re a calcium channel blocker, one of those heart medicines old people take.
TOOTH FAIRY: No wonder you flunked out of medical school.
DENTIST: I did not! I simply fell in love with drills rather than scalpels.  Who are you?
TOOTH FAIRY:  (quietly, but with power and reverence) I’m the Tooth Fairy.
DENTIST:  (Awed) In my office!  (Prostrates himself, then pauses, looking at the audience).  Wait a minute.  The tooth fairy doesn’t look like you.  She’s a beautiful female and looks like Tinkerbell.
TOOTH FAIRY:  I suppose you saw her the last time you put a tooth under your pillow.
DENTIST:  No, but think of the liability, some guy breaking into people’s houses just to give a shiny penny for a nasty tooth.  
TOOTH FAIRY:  Four dollars, actually, your parents ripped you off.  That’s not what I’m here to talk about though.
DENTIST:  (nervously) It’s about the Whiteout I use to keep my lower right canine white and sparkly, isn’t it.
TOOTH FAIRY:  Yes, and the Crest White strips that fool your patients into thinking you brush your teeth as often as they do, and your partial dentures.
DENTIST:  So maybe I’m not all that I appear to be, either.  
TOOTH FAIRY:  So maybe you can’t teach others until you accept the truth and act on it.
DENTIST:  (hugs F tightly for a second) Oh Tooth Fairy, thank you for showing me the error in my dental hygiene habits. (Gets a toothbrush and starts brushing teeth furiously)  (Pause as F folds his hands across his chest)  There’s unfinished business, but it’s not about teeth, huh.
TOOTH FAIRY:  Rather than depending on God, you care what other people think. (D drops brush).  You’d rather they see a perfect enamel, while the root and pulp decay and ooze with filthiness.
DENTIST:  (Makes a disgusted face) That’s not true!  My office sponsors a little league soccer team.  I’m on the church board.  I’m a youth leader! (picks up toothbrush from floor and begins brushing again)
TOOTH FAIRY:  And you look very contemporary  playing your electric guitar during worship.  But the focus is on you and your glory.  
DENTIST: So, did you come to warn me of scorching hellfire or burning Listerine.
TOOTH FAIRY:  They’re related.  The inside comes out.  Look in the mirror, and get rid of your pride.  Are you willing to let people see you unfinished?  Human?  Imperfect?
DENTIST:  (Thoughtfully) To admit that sometimes food gets stuck in my teeth.  To let God break me and control my destiny.  You know, I’m better at playing the ukulele anyway.
TOOTH FAIRY: Now you’re thinking!
DENTIST: And I’m funnier when I don’t try to be witty.  So basically, I need to let God be my dentist, not my floss.
TOOTH FAIRY:  Right!  It won’t be easy.  
DENTIST:  I guess cleaning the plaque and tartar out of your life never is.  Thanks Enamel Transportation Vessel.
TOOTH FAIRY:  No problem.  Want a shiny new penny?
DENTIST:  That’s ok, I’ve got teeth to clean.



The Good Samaritan


Christian novelist Ted Dekker once said that he doesn’t write so that people will agree with him but so that they’re forced to examine a point of view in a different light.  The two versions of this slightly corny skit put a modern spin on the conversation that may have taken place in Jesus’ parable about taking care of others.  I struggled in where to put the emphasis when writing this, which is why the second version has four alternate endings.  The theme is whether we are compelled more by love or complacency and illustrates how people won’t turn to Jesus or the church to fix their drama/problems because of pride, shame, or other trivial reasons.
Wounded Man (1) underestimates the seriousness of his wounds and the goodness of the Samaritan, while Samaritan (2) is practical, Biblical, and slightly sarcastic


Scene:  Wounded Man lying on chairs in fetal position facing audience.  If you want to make the skit longer, have character 2 pass 1 as a priest and Levite, but most likely that’ll puzzle your audience.
Wounded Man adlibs, trying to attract attention to his wounds.  The Good Samaritan rides in “Monty Python” style to mimic riding a donkey.

2:  Whoa boy!  What’s this?  (dismounts, ties donkey to chair)
1:  Why hello there!  (Sits up) You’re the first person on this road not to ignore me, even though you're one of "those".  Look at all these wounds I have!
2:  You need help!  Let me bandage your wounds.
1:  What?  Are you crazy!  I won’t be able to bleed all over the road if you do that!
2:  (nods) That’s true, that’s very true.  (Walks toward donkey then turns).  Wait!  I’m compelled to not let you bleed!  
1: (Lies back down) And I’m compelled by complacency!
2: That doesn’t even make sense! This is serious!  You’ll die out here!  What happened to you anyway?
1:  I was out with some friends, but they didn’t have room for me.  They were just passing by on this road.  I understand though, you can only fit so many people on a llama you know.
2:  Camel.  Not llama, this isn’t Peru.  They beat you, didn’t they.  Where did they go?
1:  I’m not sure, Sherlock, but we had a great time.  Look at this baby.  (lifts leg)
2:  It looks like the llama—
1:  Camel.
2:  —bit your leg half off!  You can’t lie there and tell me you had a great time here in the dessert with cutthroat thieves and a carnivorous camel.
1:  They were expensive to treat, but I wouldn’t call them thieves.  Lighten up, you look like you swallowed a scroll.  
2:  Let me clean you up. These are some serious cuts. (starts to put on a bandage)
1:  AAHH!!  ( jumps up and hops around on one foot away from 2)
2: (to donkey)  It’s ok little donkey, don’t let the crazy man scare you.  
1:  It didn’t hurt until you touched it with that band-aid.  You and your compellings stay away!
2:  You need the bandaid to take—
1:  Take away my wounds! No! They are MY wounds! (staggering back and forth) Everyone gets wounds.  You’re the crazy one, running around with your band-aids.  Who are you, Clara Barton?  What gives you the right to treat me, anyway? They don’t hurt that bad!
2:   I’m not a doctor or anything—
1:  I knew it!
2:   But why hurt when you don’t have too? Let's go put you up at the Holiday Inn. (starts walking away, pointing).  I know a great doctor who'll make you well.
1: (looks interested) Really?
2:  Yeah, he’s great! I went to him, and he fixed my wounds. 
1: Well, if it were a professional…someone who could really admire my wounds for the way they look…
2: Yeah, sure! He sees this stuff all the time, and he specializes in “burn prevention” and “blood transfusions”.
1: Wow! Now he’d appreciate the time it took to get bloody, unlike YOU.  Life ever give you wounds?   
2: Uh…yes, actually. 
1: (snorts) Yeah, whatever. Like YOU know what it’s like. 
2: Ok, so I’ll just give Dr. Jesus a call and…
1: No! Not him! (Slaps 2's hand before he can make the call). 
2: Hey! Why not? He’s the very best.
1: I know! I went to Dr. Jesus once, years ago.  Such a kind man…
2: Yes, yes! So why not go again, since you’re his patient?  There won't even be any  new paperwork to fill out.
1: (drops head a little bit) I’m ashamed for Him to work on me again.  How can I take up his time?
2: So?
1: I’m not supposed to be wounded anymore.  Do you know how many layers of clothes I wear so that I won’t bleed on our church carpet?  I’ve already had a few small leaks: good thing they didn’t see it was me! 
2: The church is a little smarter than you think: it doesn’t take CSI: Springfield to figure out where that blood is coming from! 
1: Maybe that's why they set newspapers out whenever I'd visit.
2: All that matters is that you are wounded, and you need help right now.  You carry on as if your wounds were diamonds instead of bleeding scabby holes.
1: No! I’m not going to Dr. Jesus!  
2: Fine. If you won’t let me help you or find someone who can, I’m leaving!
1: No, don’t do that! You said you were compelled to help me.  You HAVE to look.  See, look at my foot. (holds it out) No piggy to scream wee-wee-wee all the way home! And see this bruise on my knee?  My mommy gave this one to me.  You’d think someone would have told her to hug me once in a while…
2: (compassionately) You're sick.
1: Dr. Jesus made it better, but I missed it, so it’s back.
2: Missed it? I'd miss the ability to walk straight more.
1: Hey, I have to have someone to blame, right? Maybe I wouldn't have gotten beat up today if it wasn’t for this bruise on my knee…
2: (shuts eyes, covers ears) Why can’t you get serious? Why, why, why? You need help! But instead of being ashamed of your wounds, you flaunt them.  You love to talk like they're a joke.  You don’t want help, or love—you want attention!
1:  You're right!  Ow!!  My wounds hurt deep inside when you say those things (looks down).  I'm a mess!  
2:  It's called speaking the truth in love.
1:  I could die from these injuries! (tries to get up, falls over) Oww! My knee! I’m hurt! What happened to me? Put me on your donkey, please, get me to Jesus!

####

Version 2

Wounded Man (1) can adlib, trying to attract attention to his wounds.  Good Samaritan, rides in “Monty Python” style to mimic riding a donkey.

2:  Whoa boy!  What’s this?  (dismounts, pretends to tie donkey up)
1:  Why hello there!  (Sits up) You’re the first person on this road not to ignore me.  Look at all these wounds I have!
2:  You need help!  Let me bandage your wounds.
1:  What?  Are you crazy!  I won’t be able to bleed all over the road if you do that!
2:  (nods) That’s true, that’s very true.  (Walks toward donkey then turns).  Wait!  I’m compelled to not let you bleed!  
1: And I’m compelled by complacency!
2: That doesn’t even make sense! This is serious!  You’ll die out here!  What happened to you anyway?
1:  I was out with some friends, but they didn’t have room for me.  They were just passing by on this road.  I understand though, you can only fit so many people on a llama you know.
2:  Camel.  Not llama, this isn’t Peru.  They beat you, didn’t they.  Where did they go?
1:  I’m not sure, but we had a great time.  Look at this baby.  (lifts leg)
2:  It looks like the llama—
1:  Camel.
2:  —bit your leg half off!  You can’t lie there and tell me you had a great time here in the dessert with cutthroat thieves and a carnivorous camel.
1:  They were expensive to treat, but I wouldn’t call them thieves.  Yeah, I suppose all these cuts and bruises are uncomfortable. 
2:  Good, we agree then, let me clean you up. (starts to put on a bandage)
1:  AAHH!!  ( jumps up and hops around one foot away from 2)
2: (to donkey)  It’s ok little donkey, don’t let the crazy man scare you.  
1:  It didn’t hurt until you touched it with that band-aid.  Stay away!
2:  You need the bandaid to take—
1:  Take away my wounds! No! They are MY wounds! Everyone gets wounds. You’re the crazy one, running around with your band-aids. Who are you, Clara Barton? What gives you the right to treat me, anyway? They don’t hurt that bad!
2:  Yes, (takes deep breath) everyone has wounds. And yes, I’m not a doctor or anything.
1:  I knew it!
2:   But why hurt when you don’t have too? I know a great doctor. All I have to do is give him a call, and he’ll know how to make you well.
1: (looks interested) Really?
2:  Yeah, he’s great! I went to him, and he fixed my wounds. 
1: Well, if it were a professional…someone who could really admire my wounds for the way they look…
2: Yeah, sure! He sees this thing all the time—he’s fixed up people who were just one big wound from head to toe. He specializes in “burn prevention” and “blood transfusions”, in fact.
1: Wow! Now he’d appreciate the time it took to get bloody, unlike YOU. Is it Dr. Jerry, or did he retire from his show? Do you know how hard it is to get this one (lifts arm proudly) without leaving or getting help?
2: Uh…yes, actually. 
1: (snorts) Yeah, whatever. Like YOU know what it’s like. 
2: Ok. (pulls cell phone out of pocket) so I’ll just give Dr. Jesus a call and…
1: (slaps cell phone out of 2’s hand onto ground) No! Not him! 
2: Hey! You almost broke my phone! Why not? He’s the very best.
1: I know. I went to Dr. Jesus once, years ago. Such a kind man…
2: Yes, yes! So why not go again, now that you’re his patient?
1: (drops head a little bit) I’m ashamed for him to work on me again. How can I take up his time?
2: So?
1: I’m not supposed to be wounded anymore. Do you know how many layers of clothes I wear so that I won’t bleed on our church carpet? I’ve already had a few small leaks: good thing they didn’t see it was me! “Kool-aid”, they say—ha!
2: All that matters is that you are wounded, and you need help right now. You carry on as if your wounds were diamonds instead of bleeding scabby holes.
1: No! I’m not going to Dr. Jesus!
2: Fine. If you won’t let me help you or find someone who can, I’m leaving!
1: No, don’t do that! You HAVE to look. See, look at my foot. (holds it out) No piggy to scream wee-wee-wee all the way home! No piggy without roast beef either! All it took was one too many drinks (giggles) hardly felt a thing! Cool, huh? I told Dr. Jesus I wouldn’t drink anymore…I told him a lot of things.
2: (groans) You’re sick! Sick! 
1: And see this bruise on my knee? My mommy gave this one to me. You’d think someone would have told her to hug me once in a while…Dr. Jesus made it better, but I missed it, so it’s back.
2: Missed it? You miss walking like a contestant in a 3-legged race? (Touches knee) Doesn’t that hurt?
1: Nope! Hey, I have to have someone to blame, right? Maybe I would have run out of that party if it wasn’t for this bruise on my knee…
2: (shuts eyes, covers ears) Why can’t you get serious? Why, why, why? You need help! But instead of being ashamed of your wounds, you flaunt them. You love to talk about your wounds as if they were a joke. You don’t want assistance—You want attention!
1: (mouth open) 
2: (turns his back on 1)
1: Alright…(kneels to pick up cell phone) Here’s your phone…
2: (stays turned around)

Potential Ending #1: Happy
1: So that’s Jesus’ number, huh? ((looks closer at phone, still on knees, then starts to look very different) I can’t read the numbers…I have a terrible headache all of a sudden. (tries to get up, falls over) Oww! My knee! I’m hurt! What happened to me? (presses “Talk” on phone) Please, get me Dr. Jesus now! Yes, it’s an emergency!

Potential Ending #2: Sad-Funny
1: Fine then. I’ll just call Dr. Jerry. He appreciates my wounds! I hope he isn’t too busy to see me on his show this week…

Potential Ending #3: Sad.
2: (starts walking off)
1: Fine, go away! I can’t call myself anyway. It hurts too much to call. (Looks thoughtful) But it hurts too much not to call. (Looks confused). Well, I guess there’s only one thing to do…(reaches for something, makes fist to hold it): Time to make a new wound! (mimics knife wound into heart, cuts down) OW! OW! I forgot how much it hurts! Good Samaritan, come back! Quickly, before I stop hurting! Good Samaritan! 
2: (keeps walking)
1: (Starts sinking to ground) I’m ready to get serious…I’m ready…
1: (whispers) but it’s too late…
1: (falls to ground, opens fist to show that cell phone has fallen out of hand)

Potential Ending #4: Unclear ending.
2: I don’t want the phone back until you use it to call Dr. Jesus.
1: But I can’t…won’t…
2: Call him when you can, then. And call me when you do. 
1: Ok (looks at cell phone, looks at 2, and then looks at cell phone as if about to call: freeze).



Guardian Angels


This is one of my most recycled skits, meaning I’ve used it many times for different occasions.  Unfortunately, it’s not because this drama is hysterical or a piece of genius (although the second version is pretty funny).  Rather, it’s easy to learn and act out, and simple to understand.  Various props such as choir robes (and sombreros) would make the characters look more angelic, but aren’t necessary.  The first version of the skit is streamlined (about 3 minutes long) and teaches us to live a life of purpose, while the second adds a few more jokes, is more specific to Fine Arts Festival, and adds the theme of sacrificing for the kingdom of heaven.  The characters are comparing the humans under their watch, looking for chances to rejoice as people get saved.  The Spanish in this skit is correct but spelled the way it is pronounced in case your cast lacks linguistic experts.  Since angels are genderless, any four actors will do, and they can use their own names or stereotypical ones like “Ashley” and “Pablo”.
United States Angel 1 (US1) is discouraged and sullen, although don’t overdo it because angels are without sin and you’ll blow someone’s mind (or theology).  United States Angel 2 (US2) is optimistic, cheerful, and annoying.  The protagonist in this skit is Latin American Angel 1 (LA1) who cares about and interacts with the American angels to encourage them.  Finally, Latin American Angel 2 (LA2) dances a lot and doesn’t speak much English.


USs sitting back to back, facing stage left and right, in white t-shirts.  LAs in Hawaiian shirts dancing.

US1: I can’t take it.  I really can’t.
US2: Maybe tomorrow will be better.  You know, we really should rejoice with them.
US1: I know, you’re right.  I feel bad.  But, when was it, when I couldn’t take it anymore?  When everyone painted those little cars with flowers and grew long hair…What are we going to do?
US2: Look, they stopped, maybe we’ll be next.
US1 (looks down):  Nope, mine’s playing video games.
US2: With unbelievers, opening his home and being a good witness?  That works, as long as he mentions what he believes.
US1 (falsetto voice) “Your life is the only Bible some people will ever read.”  Not if you never let them see the cover!  No, he’s not using Halo 3 to witness to unbelievers, although he is playing with one.
US2: I wonder what they think they’re here for?
US1: If they could only see it from our point of view.
(LAs run around whooping and doing somersaults) 
US2: Oh good, another one!
US1: You’d think a whole village in Peru just got converted.  Why couldn’t we get assigned to Latin America?
US2: Still better than Europe (closes eyes and crosses hands like he’s dead in a coffin)
US1: (To LAs) Could you keep it down a little?
(LA1 walks over, LA2 skips)
LA2: Hola amigos!  Haizoos salvo!
US2: That he does!  We’re really excited about it too, but, well, it discourages us sometimes to see you with so much fruit while we’re in a crusty stalemate.
US1: It’s the people.  You have warriors for Jesus who almost never sin and always pray and whenever they speak people gather like goats after croutons (mimics a goat foraging for croutons).
LA2: Again, again!
US1: Like goats after croutons.
LA1: (puts a hand on US1’s shoulder) People are people, whatever country you’re in, mi hermano.  The harvest is plentiful and the kingdom is reaping.  
US1: But look!  I mean, our boys grow and God’s teaching them through his Spirit, but it’s so slow.  Your Christian is telling his relatives about God, while US2’s and mine play video games—
US2: (hurt by what he’s seeing) Mine’s sinning in the next room now, actually.
LA2: Perdon.  Ours do too though.  (Gasps)  Jose! Jose por el raieeno!
(They start dancing again.  USs join in with a half-hearted white boy boogie)
US2: Oh good, he got offline and is practicing his violin.  He’s playing it in church tomorrow.
US1: (sarcastic) Yeah, you should see the line to the altars after he performs.
(All look down)
LA2: El es mwee excelante!
LA1: The groups from America that come down are never that good, but people get saved from their ministry teams.  And you say it doesn’t work.  How can this be?
US1: I guess it has to do with that you said, US2—knowing what they’re here for.  The ones dedicated enough to come and serve, even if they lack skill, know why they’re in business.
LA1: There you are, see?  It’s not so bad.  I think my people have more passion than yours do though.  You send teams and missionaries to us, but we send whole villages to you.
US1: In vans!  It’s not the same. (all glare at him.)  Sorry.
US2: It hasn’t always been like this.  Spiritually, I mean, not immigration laws.
LA2: Verdad?
US1: Yeah, remember 1850?  The Great Awakening?  We were hooting and hollering while you were staring nervously at Mal Ojo and hoping your missionaries wouldn’t get martyred all over the Andes mountains.
LA2: Yeah, we ministered to believers oppressed by demonia, while now you make sure no one gets hurt when church singing trophy falls off dee shelf.   
US2: Ooh, he got us there.  I can’t believe we’re actually arguing about this.  I’m sorry, I think we’re just stressed.  Prayer cover’s been pretty thin lately.  
LA1: Well, you have something to rejoice about now.  Brandon just got saved.
(All look down)
US2: Was it my boy’s violin playing?
US1: Could it really be from playing Halo together?
LA2: It looks like your Christians simply asked him if he knew Jesus or would like to.  
LA1: Mwee seempel, eh?  We learn from each other.
(Angels rejoice, then freeze, bow and walk off)

####

Version 2

US1: I can’t take it.  I really can’t.
US2: Maybe tomorrow will be better.  You know, we really should rejoice with them.
US1: I know, you’re right.  I feel bad.  But, when was it, when I couldn’t take it anymore?  When everyone painted those little cars with flowers and grew long hair…
US2: No, I think it was with bellbottoms and John Trovolta.
US1:What are we going to do?
US2: Look, they stopped, maybe we’ll be next.
US1 (looks down).  Nope, mine is playing video games.
US2: With unbelievers, opening his home and being a good witness?  You have to start sacrificing somewhere.  That works, as long as he mentions what he believes. 
US1 (falsetto voice) “Your life is the only Bible some people will ever read.”  Not if you never let them see the cover!  No, he’s not using Halo 3 to witness to unbelievers, although he is playing with one.  And yours is talking with strangers online again in the next room.
US2:They don’t understand how serious this is.
US1:It’s all a game to them!  You can’t fight demons with lasers and chat rooms!  God needs them to work to save souls.  (to human) Get off your tail and pray already! 
US2 Yes, they can’t just sacrifice an animal.  You’re a living sacrifice, and you can’t die to yourself while clutching your keyboard.
(to US2) I’m sorry, but if they could only see it from our point of view.
(LAs run around whooping and doing somersaults) 
US2: Oh good, another one!
US1: You’d think a whole village in Peru just got converted.  Why couldn’t we get assigned to Latin America?
US2: Still better than Europe (closes eyes and crosses hands like he’s dead in a coffin).
US1: (To LAs) Could you keep it down a little?
(LA1 walks over, LA2 skips)
LA2: Hola amigos!  Haizoos salvo! (Jesus saves)
US2: That he does!  We’re really excited about it too, but, well, it discourages us sometimes to see you with so much fruit while we’re in a crusty stalemate.
US1: It’s the people.  You have warriors for Jesus who almost never sin and always pray.
US2 (kneeling)- It’s the same posture, but our humans have video game controllers.  
US1And whenever yours speak people gather like goats after croutons (pantomimes a wild goat rooting for croutons).
LA2: Again, again!
US1: Like goats after croutons.
LA1: (puts a hand on US1’s shoulder) People are people, whatever country you’re in, mi hermano.  The harvest is plentiful and the kingdom is reaping.  
US1: But look!  (points down)  I mean, our boys grow and God’s teaching them through his Spirit, but it’s so slow.  Your Christian is telling his relatives about God, while US2’s and mine play video games—
US2: (hurt by what he’s seeing) Hey, how’d you hack through those parental controls, you’re not allowed to see that!  Mine’s sinning right now, actually.
LA2: Perdon.  Ours do too though.  It wasn’t sacrifice yesterday when Pablo stole the mangos.  (Gasps)  Jose! Jose por el raieeno! (Jose for the kingdom)
(They start dancing again.  USs join in with a half-hearted white boy boogie)
US2: Oh good, he got offline and is studying his human video for Fine Arts.
US1: (sarcastic) Yeah, you should see the line to the altars after they perform in front of twenty other performers for a cheap certificate.
LA2: Like goats and croutons?  (US1 shakes his head no)
US2: Well, it’s true that these ministries tend to fade after February.  (All look down [at humans])
LA2: El es mwee excelante!  (tries to do a similar dance)
LA1: Stop, please! The groups from America that come down are never that good—as good as him, they’re much better than you, LA2, but the people do get saved.  And you say it doesn’t work.  How can this be?
US1: I guess it has to do with the sacrifice you mentioned US2.  The ones dedicated enough to come and serve, even if they lack skill, know why they’re here and what really matters.
LA1: There you are, see?  It’s not so bad.  I think my people have more passion than yours do though.  You send teams and missionaries to us, but we send whole villages to you.
US1: Hidden in vans sneaking across the border!  It’s not the same. (all glare at him.)  Sorry.
US2: It hasn’t always been like this.  Spiritually, I mean, not immigration laws.
LA2: Verdad?
US1: Yeah, remember 1850?  The Great Awakening?  We were hooting and hollering while you were staring nervously at Mal Ojo and hoping your missionaries wouldn’t get martyred all over the Andes mountains.
LA2: Yeah, we ministered to believers oppressed by demonia, while now you make sure no one gets hurt when church singing trophy falls off dee shelf.   
US2: Ooh, he got us there.  I can’t believe we’re actually arguing about this.  I’m sorry, I think we’re just stressed.  Prayer cover’s been pretty thin lately.
US1: I’m sorry too.  You’re right, the common denominator is how willing they are to sacrifice what they want for what God wants, not where they come from or what skills they have.  
LA1: Well, you have something to rejoice about now.  Brandon just got saved. (all look down)
US2: Was it my boy’s human video?
US1: Could it really be from playing Halo together?
LA2: It looks like your Christians got serious and simply asked him if he knew Jesus or would like to.  
LA1: Mwee seempel, eh?  We learn from each other.
(Angels rejoice, then freeze, bow and walk off)



Superheroes


This script about giving your skills to God is going to drive you nuts.  It’s very creative, with outlandish characters empowered by remarkable abilities.  Those same characters could drown out any semblance of plot in the drama.  The drama solo is actually better suited for 2 characters (the second actor saying the lines in italics) but would be a fun challenge for one skilled actor.  The second version is for 2-5 actors and the third for 6.  
Remember the first skit in this ebook, about the applicants competing for a job with dung beetles?  Now imagine me writing that script while suffering from feverish hallucinations and watching the Disney/Pixar movie The Incredibles, and you have an idea what this skit is about.  A chair or two is all you need to set up Superhero’s “office” in the second and third renditions of Superheroes, but character should spend most of their time standing.  I’ll include a separate character sketch for each version of the skit to help you wade through the madness.

Superhero is modeled after the personality of Mr. Incredible.  He is hard working, driven, and real.  In other words, he needs more character development.  Velcroman has a personality similar to Spiderman.  Young, confident, violent, and hyper, he uses hand gestures and is the most animated.  Light is dim-witted (watted? Har har) and shallow.  He can’t harness his power and slouches.
Ladies Man is smooth/smarmy, composed, and eloquent.


S:  I’m over my grief.  I need a new helper.  No longer do I have nightmares about my old sidekick, Puppet Master Man, cut down in the prime of his days by Deceptor, fooled into thinking this is all a silly game(self-consciously puts puppet hand in pocket).  It’s interview time, time to fight for what’s real.  I need someone who understands what we’re dealing with.  What can you do Sonny? (Spins around to let audience know every time he’s a new character.  With two actors, the other actor plays all of the potential sidekicks [words in italics]).
(Puts hands together and makes Velcro sound as he separates them).  I am Velcro man!  I was made to bind people together, but even better, I can stick to walls and harness the terrible power (lowers voice) of those little hooks and loops.
Ooh, nice.  Do you know how to tie your shoes?
(Looks down and scuffs at carpet with shoes) No, but I do have the third verses of several Christmas carols memorized.  Oh, I know what you’re going to ask.  How to protect the innocent from Deceptor.  It’s all in the fingers.
Well, Perhaps Velcro could have made it, using his power as it was originally intended, to bond people so they share the same vision and same mission.  And next we have…
Dude, can I like, be your sidekick?  I’m Light.  Evil’s bad and stuff.  It’s dark.  I’d make it all bright and groovy man.  Everything looks all right when I make it as sunny as…
Great power, so much potential, but little depth.  You can’t take something seriously that you don’t understand. I must have been too vague in my advertisement.  I only have one more applicant, I’m not too sure about him though.  His name is…
Ladies Man.  I know everything you need to know about being real and serious or pretending.  For instance, I know that you don’t really have powers, just a dedication to letting the truth be know.  And that’s cool, we can’t help anyone unless they want to be helped.  But let’s say a female was about to fall for Deceptor’s lies.  I could bring her back into the truth with my baby blues.  I know, it sounds wrong, but Deceptor uses that tactic every day!
Yes!  Finally, someone realizes that we must each fight our own battles!  You are perceptive about my powers!  But wrong!  Close, but so wrong.  Just like Deceptor fooled my last sidekick.  I’m youth pastor man, I simply help teens find God.  But I have something I thought you had a minute ago.  Truth and the fear of God.  Usable to show others the way.  
(shakes head and addresses audience)  Bet you all want to know which one of those highly skilled sidekick I chose.  No one.  They were all relying on their power, whether they understood the seriousness of perishing souls or not.  I know I don’t have power, but I have faith, and I have God.  I want to be His sidekick.

####

Version 2—Small Group

I’ve grouped all of the Sidekick applicants into one character in case this script is used for two people.  Otherwise, add some of the character interaction from the third version to create a variation for the specific amount of cast members you have.  Superhero is hard-working, driven, and real.  Velcroman is confident, violent, and hyper.  Light is dim-witted and shallow.  Gild is smooth and eloquent, with a nobility-class British accent.  Bob is meek and nervous, and seems smaller than the other characters.


Scene opens with Superhero looking happy, standing straight with arms folded, and Sidekick(s) facing wall.

SUPERHERO:  I’m over my grief.  No longer do I have nightmares about my old sidekick, cut down in the prime of his days by “Jester”.  It’s interview time, time to fight for what’s real. (Sidekick turns)
SIDEKICK:  I’m applying for the position of sidekick sir.  
SUPERHERO:  What can you do?
SIDEKICK:  (puts hands together and makes Velcro sound as she separates them, then puts his hand on S’s stomach and throws him across the room, making same sound).  I am Velcroman!  I was made to bind people together, but even better,  I can stick to walls and harness the terrible power (lowers voice) of those little hooks and loops.
SUPERHERO:  Ooh, nice.  Do you know how to tie your shoes?
SIDEKICK:  (looks down and scuffs at carpet with shoes)  No, but I do have the third verses of several Christmas carols memorized.  (S laughs and claps him on the back, using all of his strength to detach his hand as K makes his Velcro sound.)
SUPERHERO:  What would you do if The Tongue and Gravitron were trying to lure an innocent bystander toward evil?
SIDEKICK:  Velcro them together until Gravitron blew a black hole through The Tongue and he collapsed, suffocating Gravitron—
SUPERHERO:  Next! (K shuffles back to previous position, comes back as Light).
SIDEKICK:  Dude, can I like, be your sidekick?
SUPERHERO:  What’s your superhero name?
SIDEKICK:  Light! (pause)
SUPERHERO:  That’s it?  Are you iridescent or fluorescent?
SIDEKICK:  huh?
SUPERHERO:  Never mind.  What do you think about evil?
SIDEKICK:  It’s dark.
SUPERHERO:  Good!  What would you do if—
SIDEKICK:  The Tongue and Gravitron were talking to someone?  I was trying to listen through the door.  I’d make it all bright and groovy man.
SUPERHERO:  Next! (Same as before)
SIDEKICK:  I am called Gild.  Please, the pleasure is mine.
SUPERHERO:  Show me your skill Gild.
SIDEKICK:  I hypnotize.  Manipulate thoughts and words, if you will.  Your foot is on fire.  (S screams and clutches his foot, hopping madly).  No it’s not.  (S is normal again).
SUPERHERO:  Very good!  You may be the type I’m looking for.  You see, Velcroman has the cohesiveness I need to stick trustworthy people around me, but lacked the wisdom to handle delicate situations.
SIDEKICK:  Did Light demonstrate her power to you?  Her power to make energy bankrupted Solyndra you know.
SUPERHERO:  Great power, but little depth.  I must have been too vague in my advertisement.
SIDEKICK:  It said you needed help against evil.  It didn’t really specify whether it was the spiritual evil that threatens our town or the bland criminal acts that every city deals with.
SUPERHERO:   What can you tell about me?
SIDEKICK:  You are slightly silly, but it doesn’t get in the way of your seriousness.  Not in the snooty way that I am, but in a real, determined way of knowing what your goal is and how to obtain it.
SUPERHERO:  If Gravitron and The Tongue—
SIDEKICK: Don’t be silly.  Jester is the one you’re after.  Gravitron makes you feel so low and could lure an innocent bystander into evil—
SUPERHERO: I’ve got to get some soundproofing in this room.
SIDEKICK: — the key would be to talk to the person and letting them see the evil for themselves rather than destroying it for them.  
SUPERHERO:  Yes!  Finally, someone realizes that we must each fight our own battles!
SIDEKICK:  After all, if evil can manipulate, so can good.  Just like you.  You aren’t a superhero sir.
SUPERHERO:  I have claimed nothing. You are perceptive.  Close, but so wrong.  Just like Jester fooled my last sidekick into thinking this is all a game.
SIDEKICK:  What are you!?
SUPERHERO:  I’m a youth pastor.  I have no superpowers.  But I have something I thought you had a minute ago.  Truth and the fear of God.  Usable by God to show others the way.  
SIDEKICK:  I would have died long ago if I stayed truthful.  Perhaps Velcro could have made it, using his power as it was originally intended, to bond people so they share the same vision and same mission.  But not me.
SUPERHERO:  They have progressed farther than Light, who has no clue what her power should be used for.  I’m sorry.  Next! (same as before)
SIDEKICK: (looks about nervously) Um, I need a job.  I was wondering if I could help you reach the lost in this city.  
SUPERHERO:  And how will we go about doing that?  Can you make gravity waves with your spleen or change the very words my tongue utters?
SIDEKICK:  I don’t have any powers, just a mission and a burden for people.  It’s in the Bible, so I think God meant it.
SUPERHERO:   So you want to reach the lost by sharing God’s truth with them?  
SIDEKICK:  It simply says to go and share the gospel.
SUPERHERO:  You’re hired!

####

Version 3—Large Group

Superhero is modeled after the personality of Mr. Incredible, from the movie.  Hard working, driven, and real.  
Velcrowoman has a personality similar to Spiderman.  Young, confident, violent, and hyper, she uses a lot of hand gestures.
Light is dim-witted and shallow.  Can’t harness her power.  Slouches.  Hitman (or MafiaMan)- wipes out enemies and is logical in a scary way.
Heliumwoman is smooth and eloquent, with a munchkin from Wizard of Oz accent.  Bob is meek and nervous, seems smaller than the other characters.
Interviewees are afraid of Hitman, disgusted with Light, don’t know what to think of Velcroman, and are fascinated by Helium Man, while ignoring Bob.
Scene opens with S looking happy, standing straight with arms folded, and sidekick applicants facing wall.


SUPERHERO:  I’m over my grief.  I need a new helper.  No longer do I have nightmares about my old sidekick, cut down in the prime of his days by “Deceptor, fooled into thinking this is all a silly game.  It’s interview time, time to fight for what’s real. (Interviewees walk in from both sides)
V:  I’m applying for the position of sidekick sir.  
SUPERHERO:  Have a seat! (V shakes her head no) What can you do honey?
V:  (puts hands together and makes Velcro sound as she separates them, then puts her hand on S’s stomach and throws him across the room, making same sound).  I am Velcrowoman!  I was made to bind people together, but even better, I can stick to walls and harness the terrible power (lowers voice) of those little hooks and loops.
SUPERHERO:  Ooh, nice.  Do you know how to tie your shoes?
V:  (looks down and scuffs at carpet with shoes) No, but I do have the third verses of several Christmas carols memorized.  (S laughs and claps her on the back, using all of his strength to detach his hand as K makes her Velcro sound.)
MAFIAMAN:  I come from old country to this group interview.  Send all away, you only need me.
LIGHT:  Dude, shut it up, what makes you all groovy-patooty?
MAFIAMAN: I am Mafia Man.  I wipe out the enemies of God, (pantomimes gunning them all down and Tebows as he says “God”) leaving only a holy remnant to serve Him.  The brethren in my congregation don’t dare sleep in church.
LIGHT: Oh man, I’m moving (sits elsewhere).  
SUPERHERO:  What’s your superhero name?
LIGHT:  Light! (pause)
HELIUMWOMAN:  That’s it?  Are you iridescent or fluorescent?
LIGHT:  huh?
SUPERHERO:  Never mind.  What do you think about evil?
LIGHT:  It’s dark.
SUPERHERO:  Good!  Here’s a question for all of you.  What would you do if Deceptor was trying to lure an innocent bystander toward evil?
LIGHT:  I know this answer because I read the script before we got up here.  I’d make it all bright and groovy man. (Wiggles “spirit fingers” and blinds everyone as they adlib.”
MAFIAMAN:  This is easy question.  You shoot the man in the back so Deceptor don’t get him.
Bob:  But what if he wasn’t saved?  
LIGHT:  Isn’t there, like, some sort of law against that?
HELIUMWOMAN: I agree that it’s a simple question.
SUPERHERO:  What’s your name?
HELIUMWOMAN: I am called Heliumwoman.  Please, the pleasure is mine.
MAFIAMAN: You probably float and power blimps, eh? And perhaps blow up balloons for the childrens.
SUPERHERO:  It seems that between you and Light over here we could really reduce our energy bill.  Not quite the reason I put that sidekick ad in the newspaper.  Show me your skill Heliumwoman.
HELIUMWOMAN:  I hypnotize and confuse as the helium swirls through your brain (all sway) and reveals your thoughts to me.  I manipulate thoughts and words.  Your foot (points) is on fire.  (S screams and clutches his foot, hopping madly).  No it’s not.  (S is normal again).
SUPERHERO:  Very good!  You may be the type I’m looking for.  You see, Velcrowoman has the cohesiveness I need to stick trustworthy people around me, but lacks the wisdom to handle delicate situations.
V:  What?  What?  (Lunges for S, gets confronted by H, they fight until MafiaMan pulls out his gun.
LIGHT: So immature.
V: This from the woman who almost blinded us with her spirit fingers.
MAFIAMAN:  She make energy, bankrupt Enron you know.
SUPERHERO:  Great power, but little depth.  I must have been too vague in my advertisement.
Bob:  It said you needed help against evil.  It didn’t really specify whether it was the spiritual evil that threatens our town or the bland criminal acts that every city deals with.
SUPERHERO:  I see your name is Bob, and that you look out of place here.  What can you tell about me?
Bob:  You know what your goal is and how to obtain it.
SUPERHERO:  If Gravitron and The Tongue—
HELIUMWOMAN: Don’t be silly.  Deceptor is the one you’re after.  
Bob:  —the key would be to talk to the person and letting them see the evil for themselves rather than destroying it for them.  
SUPERHERO:  Yes!  Finally, someone realizes that we must each fight our own battles!
HELIUMWOMAN:  After all, if evil can manipulate, so can good.  Just like you.  You aren’t a superhero sir.
SUPERHERO:  I have claimed nothing. You are perceptive.  Close, but so wrong.  Just like Deceptor fooled my last sidekick into thinking this is all a game.
LIGHT:  What are you!?
SUPERHERO:  I’m a youth pastor.  I have no superpowers.  But I have something I thought you had a minute ago, Helium Man.  Truth and the fear of God.  Usable by God to show others the way.  
HELIUMWOMAN: I would have died long ago if I stayed truthful.  Perhaps Velcro could have made it, using his power as it was originally intended, to bond people so they share the same vision and same mission.  But not me.
VELCROWOMAN:  Still better than Light, who has no clue what her power should be used for.  
Bob: (looks about nervously) Well, um, I still need a job.  I was wondering if I could help you reach the lost in this city.  
SUPERHERO:  And how will we go about doing that?  
LIGHT: Can you make gravity waves with your spleen?
SUPERHERO: Or change the very words my tongue utters?
Bob:  I don’t have any powers, just a mission and a burden for people.  It’s in the Bible, so I think God meant it.
MAFIAMAN:  You want reach peoples by sharing God’s truth to them?
Bob:  It simply says to go and share the gospel.
SUPERHERO (to Bob) :  You’re hired!
(Characters parody Captain Planet)
VELCROWOMAN: Velcro!
HELIUMWOMAN: Helium!
LIGHT: Light!
SUPERHERO: That’s not really necessary.



Jonah’s Whale


This is easily the best monologue I’ve written.  It’s a true drama solo with one heartfelt, personable, and insecure character.  This piece will also work well for the prose categories of speech meets, where the object is to become a believable character, as opposed to showing off your drama skills by mimicking a warped Saturday morning cartoon like in Superheroes.  To overcome the awkward “Who is this person addressing, and why are they taking so long to tell their story” questioning inherent in one person acting, the script begins and ends with our fishy and occasionally pompous character addressing a school of prophets.


Good morning class.  Throughout my life I have learned many valuable lessons.  One of the most important is that you need to have a good explanation and reason for everything you do.  For instance, I never do anything without first consulting my Creator in prayer.  I try to be holy and always preach the words God gives me.  Hold on a second.  Yes Lord?.. (Looks up and pauses to listen when talking with God, and looks pious with folded hands for this next question) What do you want me to do?…(an expression of disgust comes over his face)  Could you repeat that?..(chuckles weakly) Are you sure that's what you want me to do?  (Peers over at his pupils [audience])—class dismissed, I'm talking to God now.  Yes, Lord, I feel bad for these poor folks, really, but it's just that, well, see, I get allergic, rashy, actually, whenever I travel that far away from home.  It's something in the water.  And nauseated, just the look of them nauseates me.. I mean, I love them, but..What?..Now that wasn't nice, how can my behavior sometimes nauseate you?..Oh, I see.  Well, you know, I've always been rather large—husky—fat!  I'm not sure if I could make it that far…Hmm..Well, um, I'll pray about it and see where the Lord leads.. Oh, right, good point, I guess that would be a little unnecessary.  (thinks for a moment).  You know, I've never been to Tarshish.  I've heard that the water is so pretty there, and they don't have any of those nasty-tasting red tides.  God, I shall do your will and witness your Word, for there are many suffering in the harsh climate of Tarshish who need to hear your words of redemption, lest you destroy them.  (Hold up his hand).  Yes, Lord, I know, I am your humble servant.  (Swims to the other side of the stage—at this point the audience probably realizes our character is a big fish).  
Wow!  Bless my blowhole!  My rich relatives were right.  The water is so clear I can spot algae a mile away!  You know, the Lord told me to go among strangers and preach the Word or he would destroy them.  Technically, I am doing that.  (mimics the "appetite" voice from the Arby's commercials) Giving these unicellular organisms my ministrations, heh heh.  (looks up)  It looks like a storm is coming though.  (begins to rock back and forth).  Ugh.  I have such a weak stomach.  Look at that ship up there  (Starts)  What Lord?…(an expression of horror grows on his face).No!, not that, please! (kneels down and beats the ground.)  Ew, sick, gross, nasty!  Whyyy?.. You mean I wouldn't have had to do this if I had just witnessed to the Assyrian balooga whales like you told me too?  There he is!  He smells, and he's dirty, and he'll probably give me all sorts of gastrointestinal diseases!  (pinches his nose and takes a large bite).  Talk about halitosis (makes a face and mimes spraying breath spray in his mouth).  (Sways weakly and holds his stomach).  Tums?  Anyone have Tums?  I don't know if I can last three days. (Acts like he's trying not to throw up, then turns and walks back to center stage.)  
Well, you can imagine what happened.  Yes, I know I acted immaturely, but it’s the truth.  For three days I had a man splishing and splashing in my stomach, talking to himself, kicking at my abdomen, praying so loudly I couldn't sleep, and dyeing his hair different colors in my stomach acid.  (Shudders)  And then vomiting his out like I was some sort of blubbery bulimic barracuda!  That was horrible, but I guess that's what I deserve for not obeying.  I have a good excuse, those balooga whales around Ninevah rule over us poor defenseless blue whales and even enforce a plankton tax!  (Shakes his head)  At least I can take comfort in the fact that they won't repent and God will send that army of killer whales after them.  But remember, do what God says the first time, or things get all gross and nasty, just like that poacher over there…



Rock


Similar to the previous sketch, this is a familiar Bible story from another point of view: in this case, the smooth stone that killed Goliath.  This character can be played by anyone of either gender or any shape (the actor who qualified for a national competition using this skit was short and skinny).  I mention the theme of body image again and the concept of being available for whatever purpose God has for you.  These concepts need to be stressed to reject the popular culture ideology (and theology) that everyone’s destiny is to be a beautiful superstar.  This character is animated, immature, and would probably be diagnosed with ADD if he or she wasn’t a rock.  


(Curled up on ground like a rock and then stretches).  Another wonderful day without having to do a single thing.  The sun’s shining, the breeze is blowing, and I don’t have a care in the world.  Thanks God, for having that bratty kid kick me here.  But why do people kick rocks anyway?  Don’t they realize it not only hurts your foot, but it hurts the rock too!  No, not in a painful way, but, it hurts inside. (pause with head down).  Um, anyway, I really appreciate this place Lord, and I’m glad that laziness and relaxation is what you’ve called me to.  It just fits my spiritual gifts. You know… the gifts of… Okay, I guess I don’t have the gift of knowing my gifts.  What God?  You really want me to leave my flourishing ministry here?  What I do for you is sacrifice.  Why not pick another rock?  A cute one, a strong one, a hardworking one—not me.  I’ll help you pick out a better one in this stream.  Look at that flat one.  The water hits it and “Pshhoo!”, like a sheep hunting clover.  Now that’s a good analogy, I do have the gift of analogies God.  Or candidate number two, that sweet jagged one.  Water tries to go around it, but it goes “Whpshpfpsh”—now that cool.  Why couldn’t you make me like that God?  I’m plain, boring, a little on the ugly side, oh, and I’m fat!  Couldn’t you have given me a higher metabolism?  I’m so round, the water hits me and goes “Bloop”.  
(Sighs) I know you made me this way for a reason, but I was hoping the reason related to lying around all day.  (Listens to God).  You’re right, I was thanking you earlier, but only because life is easy.  I’ve been selfish my whole life, so maybe a little sacrifice will do me good.  What do I have to do?..And is just me, or does that kid leaning over me smell like a sheep?  What’s going on!? (gets picked up).  It’s dark in here, who turned off the sun?  I don’t like this, God, I’ve heard of storms in life, but being carried in this smelly bag is more of an earthquake.  These other rocks keep bumping into me.  Wait, the selfish, normal thing for me to do would be to whine like the pudgy pebble I am.  I should witness to these guys.
So Rocky, I think you’ve made enough movies, maybe you should just live for Jesus from now on.  Stoner, you gotta get off that stuff.  Tree bark and rocks just don’t mix.  Pebbles, the Flintstones aren’t Yabba-dabba-do, they’re Yabba-dabba-did.  You gotta stick with Jesus if you want to live in the present.  Finally, dude, you just need to rock for Jesus, and quit rolling away from Him.  (Weak laugh)  I crack myself up—although cracks aren’t really a good thing for rocks.
Okay, God.  Now that everyone knows about Jesus, can I go back to the place I was before?  I really liked it there. (listen to God) I’m not done yet?  (Listen again)  I have to fly!? Whoa, hold on a sec here. Rocks aren’t supposed to fly.  They don’t have wings. (flaps) (Get pulled out of bag) OOO! I can see again. (spin around in a circle) What’s going on.  I am getting really dizzy!…Ahh!! (flies)  I’m too fat to fly! (hits Goliath’s head).  Where am I?  This guy’s a giant!  Gross, I’m stuck in his head!  Whoa, don’t fall!  Whew.  (Clunk).  (Lifts hand).  Don’t worry, I’m ok. (Sits up) Well, I’m not by the stream anymore, but I wasn’t really giving anything for God there.  The gift He really cares about is willingness to serve.  Life is so much better when you serve Him, even if you do end up in a forehead.  I must say, this living for God stuff is pretty painful on the inside and outside.  It really shapes you though.  I think I even lost a few pounds!



Last Shot


Of the four monologues in this book, this one is the most realistic (and boring).  To create authenticity, I tailored this drama to the life of the actor who performed it, typecasting script to actor instead of the other way around.  I’ve left the details intact for you to change the wording and better fit the actor you insert into this dilemma about what really matters in life.  The theme was “One Life, One Chance”.


This is it.  I've worked so hard, practiced so long.  It's all come down to this time, this place—this shot.  I make these free throws, we go to the playoffs, after all these years of failing.  (Goes into shooter's stance)  A chance of a lifetime.  I miss, and it was all for nothing.  After last year's loss to the Youngstown Walrus, I gave up everything for basketball.  What kind of name is that anyway?  I guess “walruses” was too much of a tongue-twister, or maybe there's only one walrus in Youngstown.  We don't have any here.  That must be why we’re  Warren Roaches.  Wow, that’s hard to say without sounding like Elmer Fudd. (mimics Elmer if realistic)—Anyway, practices on Sunday morning, running uphill in the snow, no more ten dollar value meals at Taco Bell—I gave it all.  
I wasn't always like that.  Back in junior high, I wasn't so focused.  I was a Bible Quizzer!  Yes sir, memorized the whole book of Matthew.  Yeah, I know, that sounds focused, but I only did it so coach would take us to tournaments in places that weren't even in Ohio.  Pshh, I'd quiz out before your coach could call a time out!  Then I entered high school.  You've only got one chance in high school.  You pick the wrong kid to sit with, he shows you his prized fingernail clippings or earwax sculptures, and it's all over.  At first I thought the nerds were my type (act like each of the following characters) "Let's make an atom and split!  Boom, nuclear fission baby!" but I couldn't pronounce "nuclear" right.  Girls just don't go crazy over the chess champion, even if he does wear three types of plaid at the same time.  I'd rock out with the music freaks but I couldn't remember which genre required you to go like this and which one you felt the beat this way (alternate horn hands of rock and the open handed groove of hip-hop).  So yeah, the fine arts weren't my thing.  "Yo yo, this simile in iambic pentameter be tripping."  They called me a poser.  And they were right.  I was giving my one chance all I had, but what was it about?  It wasn't about being true to myself or to God, it was about status and selfishness.  I guess it would have been ok if I'd sat with the toenail collectors instead of the jocks who defined me.  Girls noticed them, and they got to travel, just like in Bible Quiz!  I wanted to make it, I wanted to be somebody!  And I did, here I am.  (Back to shooter's pose).  Bend at the knees, exhale as you shoot.  Swish!  Now we're tied.  Play for the tie at home, play for the win away.  I gotta make this one.  
But is that what it's all about?  What did making it do for me?  Looking back it looks like I turned out all right, I'm more mature now than when I memorized those verses.  If your motives are wrong, Bible quiz is less holy than basketball.  I didn't make a wrong decision choosing basketball instead, but we really only have one chance in this life, one chance to reach others for Christ and to grow closer to him.  Then it's gone, and you can't say "just wait until next season."  That verse, the one I missed at state finals in 8th grade—"Store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where thieves cannot break in and steal.  For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also."  This isn't where my treasure needs to be.  It's in Jesus, the giver of second chances in this one chance life we live.  That's where my heart's at now, this time, this place.  Heh.  It doesn't matter if I make this shot or not. (Shoots, follows through, one arm extended, then bows head and walks off).  



Compelled by Opera


Welcome to the large production portion of this book!  The first three skits are ambitious, requiring several of the actors to have certain skills and abilities, while potty-trained orangutans coerced with the appropriate mixture of nuts and bananas could easily perform the last two.  The dinner theater could have been its own (highly priced) book, but I’ll try to keep it simple.  
Compelled by Opera is one of the funniest skits around if done right.  It follows pretentious members of a church opera team as they slowly realize that their ministry might not matter as much as they think it does.  If there is such a thing as a church opera team, I apologize (not really).  There are 7 characters.  “Old guy” is a diplomatic negotiator, both in the opera and in the skit.  “Princess” is similar to the heroines found in Lloyd Alexander’s epic tales.  She is alluring because of her fearlessness, which outside the opera is revealed by her willingness to critique her firmly held beliefs.  Dragon is serious, moody, and pompous.  I can easily imagine him playing World of Warcraft for days while dressed as a jedi.  That said, Princess and Prince Francis are the only characters that need to be a certain gender, although some lines may need to be changed as the characters interact in gender specific ways.  Prince Francis has a crush on Princess in real life.  His sheepishness fades as he stops playing the pansy prince in the opera.  Zane is rude and only into things that are cool, which is why he sharply contrasts with the opera team.  His humor is a redeeming quality, as is his kind friend Bob.  Bob also is practical but has a less developed character than the others since he has the protagonist role.  Dragon needs to deliver a believably fierce operatic tone, and Old Guy and Princess need to be able to sing well too.  Princes Francis won’t do any damage to his character if he sing as well as he avoids capture by arthritic dragons.
A chair facing the audience may be useful to show an object that Prince Francis is tied to.  Costumes are unnecessary but may add to the humor, even if they’re just choir robes for the opera members as opposed to full medieval regalia.  Italics represent lines that need sung in an operatic fashion.  


Old guy: Come quick.
Princess: Are there rabbits in the parsnips again?
 Old guy: Nothing that dreadful, but the dragon has taken a hostage.
Princess: I'm the only princess around.  No dragon has solicited me for years.
Old guy: Prince Francis, no blood relation to you so available to marry, was kidnapped from weaving class! 
Princess: Poor bashful Francis!  The last time he used a sword was when his scrapbooking scissors dulled.  I am compelled to rescue him.
(On the opposite side of the stage, Prince Francis, hands tied behind his back, is being circled by a dragon breathing fire/trying to be intimidating.  Zane and Bob also turn around and start wandering around lost behind the characters.)
Old guy:  I am compelled by duty to stay here and comfort—
Princess:  You are compelled by comfort.   March!
Dragon:  I am Dragon!  ROAR!  (points at Princess).  Vanquish me, O Prince, or I shall devour the dearest Princess Francis!
P. Francis:  (covers his face with his hands).  This is so embarrassing.
Old guy:  Senile old dragon!  Your cataracts are getting worse!  That's Prince Francis blushing behind you!  (1:00)
Dragon: Oh...Well, uh, Princess, will you risk your life in the swirls of my flaming halitosis for this miserable man?
Princess: Yes, for I am compelled by love!
(Z and B have by now wandered into the room the opera team have been practicing in).
Z:  What kind of creepy craziness is this?
B: Don't mind my rude friend, but the whole die for someone you love theme is a bit overdone, as is your overuse of the word “compelled.”
Dragon:  Silence!  You are interrupting the [insert church name] youth opera practice!  
Z:  We're new here.  Church is over and we got lost trying to find the exit.
Francis:  (Points to an exit sign in the room).  Did you try following the exit signs?
Old guy:  Hey, be nice guys, we don't even know if they're saved.  You can't be mean to new kids unless you know they're going to heaven.
Z: To make sure I get there, I'd better admit that I wasn't lost, I was just trying to find a girl to talk to (walks over to Princess or another girl in the cast).    
Dragon: But why are you critical of our musical?  I wrote it.  It's an allegory, like CS—
Princess:  Like Harry Potter!  Or, Twilight. (Z walks around pretending his teeth are fangs using his fingers before howling like a werewolf).  Team Jacob! (They high-five 2:00).
Dragon:  You can't be on the opera team if you say stupid things all the time.
Francis:  Whoa, chill out Bernoulli.  (to Princess).  You can say stupid things whenever you want.
Old guy:  I think Bernoulli was an 18th century mathematician, not an opera singer. 
Princess:  And I think the dorkiness of you two (pointing to old guy and dragon) is making me queasy.  But, this performance is amazing  
B:  Maybe your plot isn't that corny after all.  You all seem to be compelled by all sorts of things besides love.  
Z:  Are you going to lecture me about lust again?
Francis:  Hey, I have seen you before!  You're the one at church camp who got ink poisoning from all the girls’ numbers on your arms!
Z:  Uh, you ready to go Bob?
Princess:  No, stay.  I was trying to think of why you need to respect all the great work the opera team does for the church, but now I'm...second guessing my motives (staring at Francis).
Francis:  (staring back) Yeah, I'm pretty much here...to impress you.  (3:00)
Z:  (motioning) Could, uh, someone turn the awkward dial down a little bit for me?  K, thanks.
Dragon:  ( to Bob). You are insinuating we should disband, new boy?  The Bible says, "Whether for false motives or true, Christ is preached."
Old guy:  Yeah, at least we're trying.  
Dragon:  So, if not for the love of Christ, why am I doing this?
Francis & Princess: To be an opera star! (laughing).
Old guy:  Waiting for the perfect motives to develop would take forever, but let's be more willing to let Jesus work on us as we work for Him.
B: We can't change our motives without Him.
Z: So you're going to finish the musical?  I want to see if the Dragon eats Francis!
Dragon (laughing).  I think it's going to change a bit, but I've got just the part for you two!  (Dragon takes chair Francis had pretended to be tied to and stands on it, resting his claws on B & Z's heads and leaning forward.  Other characters take their previous stances).
I am compelled by my hunger for BBQ'd Prince! 
Old guy: If you let him go, I will give you free parsnips and turnips from my garden.
Princess:  If I am truly compelled by love, that love extends to you dragon.  When love matters,.. pride, shame (Francis, trembling by the dragon, now stands tall), and allegiance to anything created by man fades away. 
Dragon:  You could love me too?  I've been so lonely, and I do love parsnips.
Z & B:  What's a parsnip?
Everyone else: A starchy, carrot-shaped vegetable!  (sung slowly, while doing a choreographed twirl together while answering, ending up holding hands for a classic bow to end the skit.)  



Ninjas for Jesus


I enjoyed writing and directing this skit so much that I started a blog with the title “Ninjitsu Knifer”.  I’d give you the web address, but then I’d have to update it regularly.  The deranged plot shows what happens when a Christian campground (familiar to those in the original audience) rents out space to a youth group for their retreat and a traveling band of ninjas at the same time.  I used the soundtrack from the arcade game Double Dragon for this skit, but using the “Sound Recorder” function on any PC while youtubing a ninja arcade game (or the Ask a Ninja series) will produce similar results.  
This skit is cast for 9 characters, although the number is flexible.  
Phang (Wei-Wei)- vows revenge on Christian 1 and company for changing his brother Phong, who no longer believes the Holy Movies.  Ninja 1(Nick) is skeptical of Phang’s leadership and beliefs.  Ninja 2 (Jonah) fits the role of an expendable (and stupid) crewman, and should be able to do a few acrobatic stunts.  Ninja 3 (Erak) backs up Phang regardless of the situation, and Ninja 4 (Michael) is also a fervent follower.  Christian 1 (Pitts) is a typical on fire, convict-your-friends type of leader.  Christian 2 (Abby) is transparent, naïve, and easily frustrated.  Christian 3 (Tiffany) is arrogant and more passionate and headstrong than Christian 2.  Christian 4 (Joe) is shy and scared to share Christ, to the point of psychosis.
The scene opens with Ninjas and Christians, who are wearing garish Christian t-shirts, fighting, toes pointed stage left and right, respectively.  Ninja 2 is yelling something about having to fight because they are surrounded.  Ninjas, all in black with black ties on their heads are making kung fu sounds.  During the entire skit, Ninja words and mouths don’t match and they speak haltingly, though N1 speaks the best English.  Asian accents are not necessary.  The fight scenes will be funny even if they don’t look realistic, since this skit parodies corny ninja movies.  There’s nothing wrong with a kick that lands a foot away from a character sending them sprawling across the room.  From personal experience with this skit, I assure you that it’ll be safer for your actors that way too.


C1:  We’re surrounded.  Let’s protect the women Joe.  (Joe/C4 poses ninja-style, then whimpers and huddles in a corner.  Phang and C1, N1 and C2, N3 and C3 fight for about 10 seconds, then C1 breaks away to try convincing C4 to fight.  Jonah runs around doing ninja moves to no one in particular.  Ninjas are humming the Double Dragon theme song if it’s not playing)
Phang: Wait, this is not our way.  One at a time.  (Sends N2 out, who gets beat by C1-3 during this dialogue)  The proper ninja way. 
N1:  What?  We will never win this way.
N3: Ah, yes, but what would Jackie Chang, or Karate Kid say?
N4: You are right. The Holy Movies never show it this way.  For honor! (Ninjas quietly adlib)
C2: What are they talking about?
C3: Holy Movies?  Is this some sort of cult?
C1: I’m sure at times we pursue meaningless glory.  Get up Joe, we’re safe now.
C3: We don’t wear ties on the back of our heads.  
C2: Well, I did once, but it matched. (N2 gets up again).
C1: Pointless rituals even.
C2: What? (Points to Ninjas, who are breaking blocks with karate chops while chanting “Bruce Lee” reverently.)  I’ve never seen Pastor Jim lead us in a worship service like that.

(By this time, N2 is lying still and Cs tiptoe several feet away, in a huddle as they plan their next move)
N1: They ran away!
Phang: How can this be? There must be mistake. (Screams) You killed my brother—we will be avenged!  (N2 now on hands and knees).
N2: We must find their power.
N1: They don’t have power, nitwit.  They were defending themselves and you can’t fight.
N2: Dual to the death.  Upon the honor of my ancestors…
Phang: Silence!  We await their return.
(Cs run stage left, looking over their shoulders.  Ninjas freeze, transformed into trees)
C1: Whew.  We’re safe in this forest, by these sturdy trees. (sits on N2, who is bent over like a stump)
C3: Why were they imitating the theme song from Double Dragon?
C2: Why didn’t their mouths always match their words?  And did you really flay Phang’s brother with chopsticks?
C4: I am so freaked out.
C1: I told Phang’s brother Phong that God is truth, not Lui Kang.
C2: (gets up) From Mortal Kombat?
C4: You witnessed? Wow.  I wish I could do that.  
C3: And Phong got saved.  What a weird group.
C1: No weirder than the way we pursue popularity or beauty or being the best singer in your church.  Come on (they start to move stage right, away from ninja trees).
C2: Well, at least I couldn’t recognize the theme song from Double Dragon, like some dorky people.
(C3 gets offended)
C1:  We just need to get serious about following God instead of focusing on stupid stuff.
(Simultaneously) C2: I understand C3: You’re right.
C4: What about me?  I don’t really get serious about anything.  Which I guess means I’m ok with not being special and cool.
C1: Right, having the wrong focus isn’t a problem with you.  But you have to trust God to give you the words to speak.  
C2: You’re usually not this preachy.
C3: I still think the Heartland Conference and Retreat Center shouldn’t have scheduled our youth retreat and the “Ninjitsu Knifers” on the same weekend.
Phang: Enough!  No one can be a tree like the ninja free! (slight pause before ninjas come to life as Cs try to figure out what he said)  Attack! (DD music as fight starts as before)
C2:  Stop that music! 
N4: As you wish! (Ninjas start humming Mortal Kombat theme) 
C2: And that too!
C3: We mean you no harm!
Phang: We will finish you!  (With contempt) My brother sits in dorm reading Bible!
N3: Your worship music is inferior.
C1: You follow empty rules based on cheap choreography!
N4: You praise God, lifting hands dripping with the blood of your own that you scorn.
(C1 and 3 get grossed out)
C2: The blood of Jesus cleanses us from sin.
N1: Really?
C3: His Spirit guides us in truth, convicting and showing us the way!
Phang: Don’t listen! Wait, he forgives?
(Cs nod)
N2: Hari-Kari not necessary?
C2: No.  It’s not about being sincere, you have to follow the truth.
N2: Purging of wrong by ninja star not needed?
C1: No, but as we’ve discussed (looks at C2 and 3) we need to be serious about the right things.  We still need to rely on Jesus for our strength. (Ns nod)
C4: He is the source of true power.  Gives us meaning and stuff.
N3: Oh?
C4: (Jumping up and down while ninjas confer) Did you hear that?  Did you hear that guys?  I witnessed! I wasn’t afraid, and I said what I believed!
Phang:  Hi-ya! We understand now (all Ninjas pose and kick, Power Ranger style).  We are ninjas for Jesus!  Death to Samurai! (Ninjas run off stage left)
C1: (Claps C4 on the shoulder) We’ll work on this. (Christians follow Ninjas).



Prep Metal


There are three ways to perform this next skit.  It can be a prop and headache free three minute lesson about getting along with people who are different than you by skipping the “concert” at the end of the skit.  Alternatively, the characters can “air guitar” and mimic other instruments through those portions, or literally play instruments and sing in the appropriate style.  The original script was about the “Christian Band” category at Fine Arts Festival, but I’ve broadened it and left more options available to the director.  This skit will be meaningful to the audience only if you have a clear direction for where you want to take it, as the plot itself is very simple.  It’s basically a 9 person showdown between Skillet and Point of Grace.  

Radioactive Pudding:  Eric is an emo Eeyore: a depressed, poetic thinker bummed about going to North Dakota for boarding school next year.  Natalie is the worst of the Puddings and has a harder edge.  Both her and Elise would rather date a class clown or dork than a football star.  Brad is the happiest of the Puddings.  Brad is hyper and talks before thinking.  If Eric’s Eeyore, he’s Tigger.
Elise is the bossiest Pudding: she and Eric are the ones deeply driven to win this competition.  Like Brad, she’s pretty physical in expressing herself.  

Sunny Hope:  Anna is the Miley Cyrusish typically arrogant alpha female.  Nice and polite on the outside and clever too.  Wants to win badly.  Alecia is the stereotypical beta female wannabe (i.e. can’t be cheerleading captain and date the homecoming king so she’ll join the dance squad and date the runner-up).  She’s very ditzy and clueless, but talented at music, as all the other characters are.
Jon is flamboyant (don’t overdo this), repressed, and star struck.  He is essentially the same as Brad—both are the most receptive/friendliest to the other group because of their outgoing nature.  Christi is insecure but objective since she likes parts of both groups and is independent though not as aggressive as Anna or Elise.

Scene opens in a large auditorium where both band are preparing to go on stage with Radioactive Pudding stage left, Sunny Hope stage right, and Christi in between.  If a line seems forced, change it since these characters (slightly) relate to the original actor’s personalities.


Christi:  I can’t put it off anymore.  Both of these bands want me—but if I choose my image wrong it’s all over.  You know, like when I’m at a concert and I can’t remember if I’m supposed to go like this or feel the beat this way (alternate horn hands of rock and the Jon Reuben groove of hip-hop).  You get the wrong label, and it’s all over.  I really like Radioactive Pudding’s sound better, but I think my wardrobe matches Sunny Hope.  (Walks over to Sunny Hope, where Anna fake kisses her and the rest greet her warmly).

Anna: Oh my goshies!  Now we have a guitarist!
Jon: No way!
Alecia: Yes way!
Christi: Um, that was weird.  So…what are you guys working on?
Alecia:  Makeup right now, does anyone have mascara?
Jon!  I do!  It’s my sister’s though.
Anna:  We’re totally gonna win this competition.  We look the best, everyone knows Jesus’ people glitter with his glory.
Christi:  I thought that was like, on the inside.
Anna: It’s our last chance.  I’m moving to Japan next year to model teeth.  Have you ever seen any so white?
Alecia:  Mine are whiter.
Jon (opens mouth wide):  AHHH.  White teeth!.
Alecia (creeping over to Jon):  Don’t you think my teeth are whiter?  Hers are like coffee stained beaver teeth compared to mine!
Anna: Only two more bands and then it’s our turn to compete.  We gotta practice our choreography again!
Jon:  Forget drumming, I wanna be the backup dancer! (Twirls)
Christi (same twirl, but better): Never do that again.
(They work on their choreography as other band talks).

Eric:  It’s dark.  And cold.  And raining.
Brad: Dude, no it’s not, and if it were, we’re inside.
Eric:  In my head.  It’s always raining in my head.  
Elise: Concentrate guys, this is our one chance at this battle of the bands.
Brad: Ok, this is what we’re gonna do.  I jump up and get all crazy like, ok!
Elise: Do a headstand.
Eric:  He’ll probably crack his skull.
Elise: Oooh! Do a headstand!
(Brad attempts unsuccessfully)
Natalie (after doing a headstand and a flip): Never do that again.  
Eric:  Even if he cracks his skull, you all are graduating this year, and I’m going to boarding school.  In North Dakota.  It’s cold.  And it rains.
Brad (still on the floor):  We’ll never win!  It’s all over.  North Dakota wins (bangs on the floor or something equally stupid).
Elise: Stop thinking like that!  (Jumps him, they roll to center stage, fighting)  Get a hold of yourself!  It’s our one chance!
Anna:  Yeah, because tomorrow they’re going to jail.
Natalie: (Gets up) Hey, at least when we fight, we stab each other in the front!
Eric (about to punch Brad in the back): Yeah, in the front.
Christi:  Did you find those clothes in Lost and Found? They were better off lost.
Elise:  Ooh look, the mannequins move!
Alecia:  You know, God looks at the heart, but he can’t see through all that metal.
Natalie (pointing to Alecia’s face): Yeah, well he can see right through plastic and there’s nothing there.
Brad:  Hey dude, did your sister dress you—and is this why Barbie’s missing all her fashion accessories at Walmart?
Jon:  Ok, whoa everyone.  I know we’re very different here, but we still have one goal, right?  To use our unique talents and styles—
Brad: Yeah, to give people a chance to know about God cuz they can relate to us.
Natalie:  They watch us on stage and think “They’re awesome, I can relate to that.”
Christi:  Uh, hello, there’s like a million bands here.  How are we someone’s one special chance.”  
Alecia:  Yeah, there’s a lot of bands here.
Anna:  She said that.
Elise: Whether we’re making fun of each other or beating up our drummer, I guess it’s all the same in God’s eyes, even if it fools other people.  My bad Brad.
Alecia and Anna (to each other): Sorry.  Ooh, it’s our turn. (Band steps forward, or to the instruments if props are used).
Anna: Hi, we’re Sunny Hope and we sing positive songs to make you smile!
“There’s gotta be more than one life…(continue parodying for 20 seconds or so—one possible tune would be “There’s Gotta Be More to Life” by Stacy Orrico).
(Metal band is behind and to the left of the band, looking sourly at first but eventually getting into the music by moshing.  When the song is over they don’t notice because they’re helping Elise crowdsurf until Jon walks over)
Jon: Hey, it’s your turn guys!  (They drop her)
Elise: We’re Radioactive Pudding, and we rock it real.
(parody “We were meant to live for so much more/Than one life one chance”.  Again, 20 seconds worth, possibly using Switchfoot’s song “Meant to Live”).
(Preps look nervous and weirded out at first, but then smile and clap to the music, swaying slightly).

Christi: We’ve been thinking of what you said, Elise.
Anna:  I still want to win, but it’s not worth anything if I’m so shallow and snobbish.
Elise: We’ve been wrong too.
Brad:  I guess being so crazy might distract me from someone else’s opportunity.  
Jon:  You never know what will touch people—
Natalie: For instance, Brad here could crack his skull at any moment.
Alecia:  Why don’t we sing together?  Just for fun.
Elise: Maybe we can learn something from each other.
Jon:  Ooh ooh, can I—
Natalie:  Yes.
Anna and Alice (singing): One life, one chance, it’s a complicated dance (Jon and Natalie step forward dancing in their particular styles—everyone else with their original instruments) Whether you prefer to clap or happily prance (Alecia and Natalie join in the singing):It’s God message we’ve got to advance.  (Note: if time permits, a preppy line about Sponge Bob Square Pants and a bizarre one about the sharp end of an enhanced lance may be in order in this song or the two previous).



Risk the Seriousness


I had the fresh idea when I wrote this sketch to incorporate a board game based on denomination-specific traditions.  The resulting 10 person skit is dumb (you should have seen the skits that didn’t make the cut).  Maybe you can find a use for it, like creating a board game.  I’ll take a tithe from your proceeds though.  
The conservative legalist and his acolyte (Pitts and Erak) must be males, and the feminist (FA3) must be female: all other characters can be played by anyone.  
Pitts: Legalistic, never-smiling Christian who imposes Christian doctrine on things of a harmless and/or secular nature.  Also capable of making some good points to those who think they fulfill God’s destiny for mankind with a skit.  Wearing suit.
Erak:  Devoted, headstrong follower of Pitts.  Not very bright and easily puzzled.  Wearing clip-on tie.

Risk kids: (RK 1-4).  Normal clothes.  R1is arrogant about stupid stuff.  R2 is the wisest character in this play and can understand where Pitts and Matt are wrong.  R3 is a spineless, apathetic moderate.  R4 isn’t the shiniest token in the Monopoly game .

Fine Arts kids: all in black except for FA4, who’s wearing something flashy. 
FA1:  Moody dramatic type, spends most of his time trying to be a mime or work on facial expressions for his drama solo.
FA2:  Easily excitable, agrees with most of what FA4 says.
FA3: The type of feminist you might not want to date even if she is a Christian—driven to be the prettiest and the best and taking Christianity where it’s never been before—a fashion magazine and a dance troupe.  She reminds me of the 2009 Miss America Pageant scandal with Carrie Prejean (keep your filters on if you google it).
FA4: Truly believes in the power of A/G ministries to change lives.  Doesn’t know much about what Christians believe.

Alternative Opening:
Erak:  Wow, I need to get me some of that.
Pitts: He who looks at a car with lust in his eyes has already committed acceleration with her in his heart.
Erak:  I’m still not sure if all this stuff you say is Biblical.  But will burning my Hot Wheels tracks help?
Pitts:  Whatever is a hindrance to you may not hinder others in their walk (Walk inside)
Erak:  Ooh ooh, what’s this board game on the floor?
Pitts:  Assemblies of God Risk, Decade of Harvest version.
Erak:  Oh look, whoever had the red pieces just took over the Great Lakes region with a Bible quiz coach and some honor stars!
Pitts: What mockery is this? 

Skit starts with FA kids stage right, FA4 helping FA3 working on her human video while FA2 gets in everyone’s way and FA1 practices.  Kids playing Risk are in chairs center stage, Pitts and Erak are stage left looking at the audience.

R1: Ha!  3 missionaries, a Bible quiz coach, and 2 Honor Stars!  You can’t beat that.  You just can’t beat that!  (rolls over laughing)
R4:  Oh yeah?  I just got the entire Great Lakes region!  (in ghetto tone) Your honor stars are gonna fizzle yo.
Erak:  Ooh ooh, what are you guys playing?
R3:  Assemblies of God Risk, Decade of Harvest version.
R2: It’s pretty funny.
Pitts: What mockery is this? (Kicks the board)  It’s purified hearts that matter, not how many titles we have in the body of Christ or the statistics missionaries produce.  Souls, not programs!
R3: You’re so serious.  Can’t you ever relax?
(Other Rs quietly adlib)
R4 (in a slow voice):  Hey!  Where’d the game go?
(Other R’s groan and roll their eyes)
FA3:  It just doesn’t feel right. 
Matt:  But the physics—
FA3:  I don’t care about the physics, I’ll look stupid spinning around on a cross with my elbows bent.
FA2:  Dude, you said you’ll win if it’s unique, right?  Do it Peter style, upside down!  (Snickers with FA1 as FA4 helps her stand upside down.  Rs watch but start another game)
FA3: Ow!  My hair!  (Stands up) Forget it.  And are they going to finally have the modeling category for fine arts this year?
Pitts:  What?  FA3, Fine Arts is a ridiculous sham as it is.  Read your Bible more, then you wouldn’t want to start a swimsuit edition of OnCourse Magazine.
FA3 (gasps self-righteously):  Onepiece.
Matt (to Pitts): You’re sick. Don’t judge, God’s gifts are good.
R1: Until Satan twists them. (folds arms and nods as if he said something profound)
Pitts:  But being a model for Christ?  You people need to get serious about your faith.  Next you’ll say we can create a Royal Ranger militia for God!
FA2:  That’s it!  Our skit, FA1!  Hitmen for Jesus!  (pretends to machine gun down Matt, Erak, and FA1, who scream and fall, then FA2 kneels or points to heaven like Tebow).  
FA3 shakes her head, hands on hips as the other FA’s look at the game. 
FA1: Hey, what are you guys playing?
FA4(looking at the game):  They left out some of the programs!  There’s no district youth directors!  No women’s ministries!  What kind of mockery is this! (Kicks game exactly like Pitts did, R3 quietly adlibs frustration.  Pitts tries to kick it too, but R4 tackles him while R1 begins his line)
FA1: Oww!  My eye!  A piece hit my eye!  Is he serious enough for you now? (Writhes on the ground until he notices no one’s paying attention)
Erak: He’s not serious about the things of God.  He’s still mad that we think Fine Arts is a joke. 
R4: (same tone as before) Hey, where’d—
R2: (hauls Pitts off R3) “You’re both not completely off the wall.  Well, except for your urge to hit things (points at Pitts), and your outfit.”  We do need to focus on the basics more, and sometimes innocent-looking things can pull us away from God.  But Pitts, not everything you see has to have a spiritual meaning.  And sometimes we have to be patient and understanding rather than stern and serious.
FA3: Totally!
Matt:  Let me guess what I need to learn:  I need to look spiritual and serious
R2:  Well, no, but you both need to realize that flashy moves at Fine Arts and awesome hyped up activities—
FA3: Can’t replace the true sense of the Holy Spirit in our lives.  But what can we do?  (Gestures at Pitts).  We’ve got nothing in common.
R3:  I know!  Combine the two!  That way you won’t go overboard and you’ll just be cool with it when other people are different.
R4: Well, you’d know when to be serious, but it sounds a bit boring.
FA2: And weak.
R2: Well, yeah, you can’t just be spineless in an effort not to be too legalistic or too shallow.  That wouldn’t change anything.
Erak: No one would notice you.  
R2: Right.  Keep your passion and energy.
Pitts and Matt:  All right! (give each other high fives).
Matt:  We just need to rechannel it.  How do we know if something is from God or a cheap imitation though?
Pitts:  Ask God for wisdom, and he will give it to you.  But how do I know if I’m coming on too strong?
Matt:  I don’t know the verse for that, but is there curiosity in their eyes when you talk about Jesus, or fear?
Pitts: Fear of the Lord?
R4: No, fear of you when you ruin our game.
R3:  It wasn’t that fun anyway.
FA1:  Who wants to play Monopoly?



Split


Congratulations!  You have officially reached the bottom of the barrel.  Now you know what that scraping noise was you first heard while reading the last skit.  The problem is that when performed, this complicated skit has high potential to confuse the audience.  The idea isn’t terrible—people compartmentalize their lives so often without thinking about it, and this skit shows each compartment as a separate character.  The message here is a simply a call to salvation.
Two people are talking (while mom drives them home) while having different personalities.  Like in most skits with cars involved, they’re gonna die at the end.  Sorry to ruin it for you.  Both characters have a physical (Sports), social (Entertainment), and spiritual (Soul) side, as well as the main character.  If 10 people do the drama rather than 8, insert a mental side for both—a “picker” who chooses which side/topic gets to participate in the conversation.  This adds an extra dimension of traits begging to speak and trying to prove why it should be their turn.  Christian’s Entertainment and Heathen’s Sports will have slightly more lines.  Characters interact with each other and with their specific main character, but never with the other main character.  They interact with the other main character’s personalities when both are used one at a time—main characters will always be seated next to each other, with personalities walking up to the person’s right and talking to each other about their area of expertise.  
Entertainment will be catty, chatty, and wimpy. Obviously, Sports for both will be a tough-talking, swaggering jock, and will often fight with the other personalities to gain the seat, although heathen’s will be a bit more forceful.  Christian’s Soul will turn the other cheek when Sports smacks him, while Entertainment will kick his shins and slap like a sissy.  Heathen’s Soul often gets to be in the conversation, and asks questions like, “Why do football players point to the sky when they score sometimes” and “What’d you think of the Chronicles of Narnia, where Aslan says “It is finished”?  The main characters don’t have a personality, so they talk about exterior things they see in between character switches,  e.g. the weather, talking to Christian’s mom, etc.  They go to school at Arsenal High.  Here’s the beginning.  (Main characters seated, personalities behind them and on opposite sides).


H: Man, you really need to get your license so your mom doesn’t have to pick us up anymore.
C: (turns head away from H so audience knows he’s thinking rather than talking to H).  Sport!  Get up here, hustle, before [person’s name who plays Heathen] makes me feel stupid.
H: (turns head away from C)  Entertainment, you handle the conversation for a while, I think I embarrassed [person playing Christian].
CSp(Christian’s Sport): So, uh, you think Cleveland has enough money to riot if the Cavs win the NBA playoffs?
HE(Heathen’s entertainment):  Totally.  All the cultured people will come together and show that we really are a flourishing fashion Mecca, even without Lebron.  Instead of just halftime shows, I really think we should let the artists decide who wins.
CSp:  You mean like Spike Lee and Jack Nicholson?
HE:  You think people come to Madison Square Garden to see the Knicks play?  That place hasn’t been full since Billy Graham’s last crusade.
CS (Christian’s Soul):  Hey, did you hear that!  It’s my chance, I can tell H about Jesus!
C (distracting): Wow, look at the weather! 
HE: (While main characters talk, HS and CE switch off to stand next to the characters)
H:  It’s snow, C.  It’s fluffy, white, and falls in a downward direction.  We’ve seen it before.
HS:  I wonder what attracts people to events like that?  I mean, he’s just a frail old white guy.  (CS starts freaking out, wanting to talk to HS about Jesus)
CE: You know who’s getting frail?  Kristen Stewart (or another popular actress).  
HS:  What?  It’s like his life is ending, but he’s still trying to give a/d give.  I mean, everyone knows what he’s going to talk about, right?
CE: Yeah.
HS:  But he keeps on dragging his dying body around, no one does that for fame or glory or even to win a championship.  
CE:  Speaking of fame, have you seen American Idol lately?  So, like, last Tuesday—
HS:  I wonder if he’s having a TV special soon.  You know?  I want to find out what’s so important that anyone would do that.
CS (to C):  You’ve got to let me in there!  Stop compartmentalizing your life and hiding the truth!  Entertainment’s acting like a fool in there!
HSp (to H): Get that wimp out of here, he’s making us look bad! (actors switch)
CS:  I know what makes people do anything to share about Jesus!  
HSp:  What are you talking about?  You think Kobe has it easy?  He suffers every day to be great.  And our school man.  We play football in February to get ready for next season.  Now that’s sacrifice.  And the principal here at Arsenal High bought us a cannon for the football games.
CS:  Yes, but would you die for football?  Let yourself be burned at the field goal post or crucified in the end zone on first and goal?
HSp: Those players would do anything for our team.
CS:  Ok, I’ll buy that, but would they be the same for the freshman squad or a junior high team?
HSp: Dude, why would they?
CS: Jesus didn’t just die for all-stars. (they all sway)
C: Whoa!  Mom, use your turn signal next time!
H: Your mom doesn’t believe in brakes, does she.  Maybe if I shut my eyes my bladder won’t get frightened.  (characters shut their eyes—remember that H and C’s characters don’t interact with each other unless it’s their turn)
CS:  Why don’t you guys want me in?  This is a lost soul out there, H doesn’t care about entertainment or sports!  He needs Jesus.
CSp (Smacks CS, who turns the other cheek): Come on now, just cuz he let his soul talk for a while doesn’t mean anything?  These guys always talk about sports.
HSp: Man, I’m not sure what’s going on.  H always turns to me when there’s something missing.
HE: Yes, and I hate you for it!  You big moose!  Always talking about boring stuff, you wouldn’t know a movie star if she kissed you on your letterman’s jacket!
HS: It’s ok guys.  He’s just searching for something new.  We all know times have been tough lately.  He’s just more aware that I’m missing something.
HE:  Yeah, a life.
CE: You know I’m the most important here.  C hasn’t put (makes hands into quotes signs) “Christ first” since “Heroes” went off the air.  Stop trying to take my spot, I’m sick of it! (Fights CSp and CS like a girl as the H’s talk—CSp body slams him while CE folds his hands in prayer)
HSp:  All I know is I’m not giving up my spot, benchwarmer.
HE:  Nothing personal, but you’re on your own if you want to find yourself.
(all swerve)
C:  Good job mom, way to avoid that fire hydrant.
H: They’re crazy for putting them right next to the sidewalks like that.
CE:  I think the city should paint the hydrants pretty colors, like on that one show.
HSp:  Or make them into hurdles, that’d be sweet.
CE and HE:  Give us a turn!
H and C: All right already! (Turn and look awkwardly at each other) CS skips into place and HS looks eager too.
CS:  You know how they were talking about giving it all for the team?
HS:  Yeah, I don’t get that, what’s the big deal anyway?
CS:  Jesus gave us his life so we could  spend eternity with Him.  That’s why people die for him.
HS:  I thought it was just a story, but I guess no one would really drag himself from place to place just to tell stories.
CS:  Jesus lives and changes us.  Sometimes we forget to put him first and try to separate him from the rest of our lives, but as soon as we let him he always gives us another chance.
HS:  You’re right, he is changing us!  All of us!  (rest of the characters have folded hands, with heads bowed.)
H: Did you hear the cannon?  We just scored.  I always  wonder what happens to the cannonball after they fire it?  
C: Yeah really, it has to go somewhere (Turn and face the audience, look of horror as they see a cannonball coming for the car, scream, both crumple to the opposite sides of their chairs as personalities simultaneously crumple so they’re in two large heaps.  Christian’s soul digs him/herself out and shakes the pile of heathen.)  “I was too late!  He (gesture to main character) could have given me so many opportunities.  He knew about eternal life and he was just scared.  Now I’m all alone!  (Heathen’s soul groans, pushes bodies away and staggers to Christian’s soul.) 
HS: “Thank you so much!”  Christian soul hugs him, ecstatic, and they freeze.  



Morte di Pasta Dinner Theater



Unlike the 20 odd 3-5 minute skits you’ve just perused through, this highly interactive production is meant to take place during an entire evening, with short breaks for people to eat the different portions of their meal without having to look for clues.  Costumes and the set need to be believable, but an elaborate setup is not necessary.  The admission price should depend on the quality of the food and actors, but $50 a couple isn’t extreme (that’s how we raised $3,000 for missionaries at one performance center).  Greg and Rosella Glodkowski helped me write this and maintain a silly tone even though this is a double murder mystery full of depraved, corrupt characters.  There are two variations, one chronological script with 7 actors and one in character sequence with 6 (combining the characters of Maria and Princessa and dropping the plot line of Maria being an FBI informant).  The production is formatted mostly in paragraph form: the actors need to know their characters well and certain information to divulge at different portions of the night, but scripting the interactions instead of approaching this production from an improvisational point of view would necessitate several months of practice instead of two or three rehearsals.  Also, forgotten lines could unfairly influence the audience’s decision of who the killer is.  I suggest you not tell the actors who the killer is until the last moment—they can’t give away more than they should if they’re also kept in the dark (I’ve underlined any dialogue about who the killer is).  This of course means that the audience can only know the truth if they ask the right question to the right character, although they will be reassured by knowing that actors are not allowed to lie to them.  If you perform this more than once, you obviously have to choose a different character to be the killer each night.  
To begin, here’s a potential timeline of events for all versions of the production.

6:15-6:45 Someone starts the looping PowerPoint presentation (showcasing the menu and a family tree of the characters) and Italian music CD.  By this time, people have been directed to enter the “restaurant” through the doors where Anna's chalk outline is drawn next to a bag of evidence outside the door as people walk in. 

6:45-7 to 7:15 (Salad Eating) Butler (just a rough idea of what he'll say, especially if you do this in church): "Thank you all for coming for our special event here at Morte di Pasta. This is a very interactive mystery, and the characters will be going from table to table throughout the meal so you can take notes and ask questions. I'm going to lead us all in a word of prayer before we begin, as we'll all learn tonight just how twisted and manipulative a family can become without Christ."  
Afterwards, all characters enter; Thug angrily, Dominic crying for his sister (but mostly her lack of life insurance), etc. After a few minutes, characters go from table to table spreading their side of the story.  Princessa, Antonio, and Guido need to look younger than the other characters (at one performance, we had an 18 year old play Thug but used the plot line, “Anna preferred robbing cradles to rocking them.”

7:15  Depending on how long food preparation is, we had twenty minutes of Italian polka dancing in “Luigi’s ballroom” with the cast and audience on one occasion.  At any rate, the Family lines up for a picture, as shown here from the first rendition of Morte di Pasta.  


Someone needs to be in position to kill the lights after the Butler says "1 2 3 Smile."  At that same instant, Antonio will play a specific note from his little electronic styletophone (or other portable music device as he wired the lights to turn off if a certain tone is played).  All lights need to be off for at least 10 seconds during the commotion.  Dominic will say when to turn them on.  
7:15-8 to 8:15 Dinner. People will be asking the Butler questions too.  Tidbits that the butler can help the audience with include each character's contributions to the mafia: Princessa was going to nursing school but has since resorted to clever little tricks to swindle people out of their money, Antonio runs internet schemes, Thug is a hit man and has an online pottery business (try to remember a cheap Greek vase for your alibi room), our beloved Anna was a bookie for Little League Soccer, Guido fights and mugs people, Maria, if included, doesn’t do anything, and Dominic runs the pharmaceutical arm of the mafia. Mama Santa is semi-retired.  At the end of dinner, Mama Santa’s video will is played, with character reacting to it. 
8:15-8:45 (Alibis) Butler says: "You will be deciding who did it during dessert and turning your papers in (each place setting needs a small golf pencil and a sheet of paper with lines across it for notes, along with the clue, “Ask characters about family relationships, hobbies, and motives.  Some of the more scatterbrained ones may need help focusing.”).  Each character has one last chance to explain why they are not guilty: we will start with Antonio here in the banquet room and then split off into two groups (split by the butler) to find the other characters. Dominic being the farthest away in the office." 
8:45-9 to 9:15 (Dessert Served) Butler: "The characters are coming around with various containers to collect your selection. Rip off or fold the top portion of your notes with the killer’s name on it and place in the container.”  Once they're collected the. Butler says "The family couldn't come to an agreement, so the guilty person can now admit to the crime to get Mama Santa's fortune." 
(The following interaction will be similar if Princessa's guilty, if it's Thug , Antonio, or Dominic, adjust accordingly). 
Princessa: I did it, because I knew what Guido was planning and didn't think he could pull it off. 
Guido: Uh, you were a step too slow, but I appreciate your effort (holds Princessa's hand and opens the manila envelope from the butler)   It was my fists of fury!!!  With the inheritance in this envelope, I will rule the Family!  (holds Princessa's hand and opens the manila envelope from the butler)  "Wow! A 2011 entertainment book with lots of coupons! (or another expired cheap coupon book)" 
Princessa: That expired November 1 (rolls her eyes and stands next to Antonio, who beams happily) 
Guido: That's ok, I’ve got coupons. 
Butler: Now, since most of you still look confused, I will explain how the clues fit together, since the killer didn't even know he was guilty until 5 minutes ago.  Here's what happened, etc.



Details for the 7 Actor Variation

Background

The audience walks into an Italian restaurant after seeing wrappers of Amiodarone (make your own if necessary), and Smarties outlined in chalk where they were found next to the body of Anna.  Her minivan can be parked outside the entrance to the “restaurant” as well.  Was it suicide?  In reality she thought that the Amiodarone (a round pink pill that has ventricular arrhythmias as a lethal side effect) pills were Smarties, and the empty wrappers were left to frame Mama Santa, who takes that drug.  Anna was a gossip with a sweet tooth, who always knew everything going on in the family even before her brother Dominic did.  She was killed for knowing too much about what other members were planning. 
Anna had married Thug, formally a member of the Greek mafia.  They drive around with their minivans tinted.  
Dominic is short and weak but rules the mafia.  Is really conniving and slithery, and always subverts others.  Knows that one member of the family is an informer but isn’t sure who.  His role is to have the least amount of evidence showing he is the killer, in order to sidetrack others.  In reality, he is so worried about Anna and (later) Mama Santa’s death spoiling his reign, he devotes all of his time to remaining in power and casting suspicion on others.  The primary reason to suspect him is that Mama Santa did not fear or respect him.  He mentions that his stepdaughter (his second wife, Princessa’s mother, can be one of your cooks) has his skill for duplicity.  Dom’s slyness also translates into his uncanny street smarts that prevent anyone in the family to even think about attempting an assassination.  He reveals this during his alibi.
  Princessa, the typical spoiled mafia princess, is really a tom boy with a strong dislike for Dominick, who is her stepfather, and her step-cousin Antonio.  She appears at first to dislike Guido.  She is headstrong and driven, yet passionate in her love for the family.  A reason to suspect her is she went to nursing school for a year before having to quit for slapping an old man, so she knows a little bit about drugs.  She carries a soccer ball (although her love of sports may not mesh well with everyone’s formal attire).  Both nights, she claims she is innocent because someone had injected her bottle of contact solution with cyanide to slowly kill her.  She had it tested after she noticed her eyes were burning and she felt short of breath during a game (cyanide toxin works by depleting the body of oxygen).  This is revealed in the alibi stage, where she has a lab report (copy-paste the image of a prestigious medical institution from Google images as a heading for this report, which is described below) showing that the solution had cyanide and that she had put it in her eyes (The sclera of the eye deposits protein in contacts).  The report also mentions that it would take a long time for the contacts to permanently affect Princessa.  An additional motive is to rule the mafia out of spite, to get back at her cold-hearted stepfather.  This motive was born before she learned of the will, because despite of her headstrong ways, Mama Santa allows Dom to lead the family.  Maria is Princessa’s stepsister and the apple of her father Dom’s eye.  She is hopelessly materialistic and air headed.  She is spoiled in a more dependent way, demanding that others serve her.  Princessa will mention during her alibi that before Anna died, Maria mentioned several times how handsome Thug was.  The motive for killing Mama Santa is that Maria always wants the best money can buy, but money has been tight in the family lately (although only Antonio knows why and Thug suspects why).  Maria videotapes Mama Santa’s will for her and brings up in the will that killing Mama Santa would be the ultimate way to “get away with it.”  Surprisingly, Thug is fond of her, which makes them a possible team.  In the final accusation, Dom reveals he tapped her cell phone and discovered she’s been hired by the FBI to spy on them.  Maria admits this but states that she thought Thug was going to kill Mama Santa, so she’s been friendly to him in hope of preventing him from committing this crime.  Thug, who no one bothers naming and appears to be a mindless minion, is quiet, with unclear motives.  He is from another ethnic crime family: essentially a merc who still has some loyalties for the other family.  Carries a chain.  Other characters often remind him that he married in and is not Italian.  He plans to kill Mama Santa with his chain because he thinks she killed his wife Anna.  Which mafia he is most loyal to does not need to be revealed.  In his alibi he mentions that Antonio has the skills to shut off all the restaurant lights at a precise time.  He claims that his chain was jerked out of his hand when the lights went out and believes Antonio planned to kill Mama Santa with it.  He admits that Antonio didn’t have the skills to pull this off by himself and suspects he had Maria helping.  Guido is Dom’s brash nephew who wants to take over the family but doesn’t have the skills yet.  He is considered to be next in line.  His personality is what makes him a suspect, because it is very clear he’ll get rid of anyone who gets in his way.  He is unaware that Princessa loves him.  On Saturday night, he points out her famous line “Sports is all about anticipation, knowing who is going to do what next” as proof that she did it.  Antonio, the nerdy yet arrogant embezzler, is apparently cheating the mafia out of funds, but no one else is good with computers, except for Thug, who sells ceramic pottery he makes on eBay.  He loves Princessa but realizes she has eyes only for his brother Guido.  His quest for more money is a primary reason to suspect him as Mama Santa’s killer, as is his desire for Princessa to notice him, for Guido to pay, and for his embezzling to remain a secret.  Part of his defense in the alibi stage: Antonio was supposed to kill the commissioner when he was dining alone in Uncle Luigi’s banquet room last year.  He shot him and noticed a trickle of blood from his chest, so he left.  It was actually sauce from a meatball that had fallen from the Commish’s plate.  Thankfully the cook (Dom’s wife) clobbered the Commissioner with a pan when he tried to run out.  Antonio accuses Thug, working with Maria.  Mama Santa is Dom’s mother and is loud, overbearing, and likes to pinch Thug’s cheeks.  She takes a lot of blood pressure pills.  She is demented and rather deaf (perhaps due to her love of 80’s thrash metal?), so difficult to figure out.  She despises Guido and belittles Maria, who apparently wants her approval.  She mentions loudly as the character mill about during appetizers that Thug is not a true member of the family.  He responds by playing with his chain.  Her will bequeaths money to the member of the family who exhibits the best knack for “getting away with it.”  Her televised will (shown after her death) also states that Maria will probably blab to everyone the details about the money.
The Butler is the MC and answers questions for the audience since he’s only partially in character.  He is not an option to suspect as the killer and tells the audience to vote for the one person who was ultimately responsible for the two deaths, even though it seems that all of the characters played a part in it.  If you’re giving fabulous prizes away to whoever answers correctly, allow people to guess the butler and more than one character if they want: about 2% of the audience will guess correctly with those stipulations.  The butler mentions during the appetizers that Guido and Mama Santa would make a good pair since they’re both clueless.  Guido puts his arm around Mama Santa as he says “Us two rule the family, we don’t need anyone else.”  

Appetizers/Salad

The lines below don’t need to be memorized as long as the characters know the different personalities and whom they are accusing of murdering Anna (most of the evidence points to Mama Santa).  Since this portion is highly interactive with all the characters talking to different people as they’re eating their food, the audience will invariably ask questions you don’t have answers for.  Family members can answer in character, “That doesn’t matter.”  For instance, rooms in the restaurant are named after Luigi, son of Mama Santa, father of Antonio and Guido and sibling to Dominick and Anna.  In previous productions, the characters would bow their heads and cross themselves whenever an audience member would say the name “Luigi”.  With voices full of sorrow, they would refuse to discuss what happened to him or the mother of Antonio and Guido.

Dom—My poor sister Anna.  Not an ounce of common sense, but she picked up news easier than I could pick your pocket.  Problem is, as soon as she’d know something, it’d leak out to everyone else.  Except this time it didn’t quite make it, we all knew she had just discovered something big.  When we were younger, she’d always take candy from strangers.  Although he was her husband, Thug was a stranger to the rest of us.  I still don’t know how the Greek mafia let him out to marry my sister, if they did at all.

Princessa—It’s horrible.  I don’t think she killed herself.  Mama Santa is old, but I know she was capable of this.  Such a stubborn old women, not many people would be willing to cross her.  She makes me laugh sometimes, though not in cases like this.  I hope I’m like her when I get old.  I also hope she gets what she deserves.  

Maria—I don’t think my grandmother is even sorry for killing Anna.  I try so hard to please her.  She’ll probably even get away with this.  I don’t know if my dad is powerful enough to punish her somehow, it’s so hard to figure out how their relationship really works or who’s in charge.  She’ll get what she deserves.  I’m going to have to take a bubble bath twice tonight to relax.  I always get a bad hair day when stuff like this happens.

Thug—She never liked me, but why did she have to take it out on my wife just because she realized Italians aren’t the cutest race?  She’s going to pay for this.  Her day will come soon.  Anna had been looking so worried lately.  She cared about her mother, and she said she had found out something horrible but wouldn’t tell me what.  She must have let it slip out to someone else.

Guido—Too bad about Anna, but that’s the way this game is played.  We’re all just trying to get to the top, and sometimes people have to die.  Mama Santa found that out a long time ago and apparently wants to stick with her philosophy.   Times are changing.  That’s all I’ve got to say.

Antonio—Clever woman, Aunt Anna.  I don’t think Mama Santa did it.  I think Anna was just sick of our way of life.  Getting a Greek man didn’t really change anything, so she didn’t see another way out of the family other than stealing Mama Santa’s pills and making her death something we’d all talk about.  She was always about image, that women.  Image and gossip leads to death by your own minivan.

Mama Santa—It’s insulting, really, thinking I’d kill my own daughter because she threatened my position in the family.  And leaving a Smarties wrapper in her pocket?  The only one of us that boneheaded would be Antonio, although we all have genetically soft skulls in this family.  I don’t think he tried to frame me, he’s not even smart enough to think of that.  No street smarts, that boy, just stays hunched over on his computer, doing who knows what.  Well, I know what he does, so he’d better stay on his best behavior.  

Video Will

As the timeline explains, this portion of the evening closes with the Butler taking a family portrait when the lights go out.  Characters (and audience members) will probably be screaming.  You may want to limit flash photography.  When the lights come up, Mama Santa is dead on the ground with Thug’s chain and Princessa’s soccer ball next to her, and the other characters are tangled up.  The butler will announce that Mama Santa had a will on video—the audience can go to another room to watch it if you don’t have a projector in the space you’re using as the restaurant.  Previously tape the will with the following script (which can be read rather than memorized).  The line about 6 kids is a red herring (and opens up the potential for sequels).

I’m old, rich, and powerful, so I won’t be along for much longer.  Everyone knows I allow Little Dominic to control the family.  I suppose you all want to know what you’re getting.  Not much, you sniveling, greedy, meatball-faced double-crossing canolis.  To my son Dom I leave my knickknacks and Christmas ornaments and statues.  You’ve already try to sell most of them at garage sales, so here’s your chance.  Just don’t sell any more of my wedding pictures, you weasely creep.  To his wife I leave my recipes.  You’re a good woman.  Anna dear, I leave you my passport forger.  Guard it well, you’ll probably need it to export your no-good husband once he goes back to the Greeks.  He just married you for your pasta.  Thug, you can have my pills, if there are any left by the time I’m gone (chuckles).  Stop shaking the camera Maria!  Put it on a stand or something if you can’t hold still!.   Now, where was I…To my grandnephew Guido I leave my easy chair with the built in massager and MP3 player.  Learn to sit still, you brat!  I’d give you more if you weren’t always so headstrong, jumping into trouble and trying to be the best and the richest and the most powerful.  Why, when I was your age”—Maria: Let’s get back to your will Grandma.  
“Oh, right.  But I really don’t like that Guido.  Or you either.  You’re not a smart girl Maria.  I’ll leave you my makeup and dresser and all my other beauty supplies, and two tickets to the Bachi tournament.  Maria: That’s it?
Well, hold on now, you’ve noticed I haven’t started giving out the money yet.  We’re going to have a contest, so you all can squabble amongst yourselves while I roll in my grave, giggling with glee.
Maria: um, what sort of contest?
Oh, and Antonio, you little nerd.  Crafty little bugger.  Maybe I should tell everyone about—oh, never mind, but I do leave you all of my password hackers and a list of PIN numbers for some local ATM machines.  I would have left you my counterfeit money lab but I forget where I put it.
Princessa, you’re a bright one, just like your stepfather. I leave you the field next to the restaurant, where you like to play soccer.  But you really should get a boyfriend.  Six kids!  Six kids I had by the time I was your age.  You’re a bright one though, just like your stepfather. 
Maria: But Daddy always said, oh, never mind, but what’s this contest about?
I bequeath my fortune, if I don’t spend it on bingo first, to whoever has the best knack for getting away with it.  I know, that’s rather vague, and that’s the beauty of it.  You all have your skills, and I’m proud that I’ve taught you everything I know.  But you must commit some crime and not be punished by the police or, even worse, by the family.  You’d better hope it’s you Dom.  Your rule will be a little shaky once I’m gone.
Maria:  Well, the ultimate crime would be getting rid of you.  That way the money is guaranteed to come quick.
You morbid little ducky.  You’re perfectly right of course.  Who wants to die in bed, watching late night TV?  I’d much rather have one of you all do it out of greed or love or power!
Maria:  You’re sick grandma.
Now, this all must be a secret until I die, to make it even more interesting.  But I’m just talking nonsense now, you couldn’t keep a secret if it taped your mouth shut and drowned you in my tomato sauce.

Dinner

The following sequence can either be stated at individual tables as the audience eats (a lengthy process) or as a more scripted exchange after the will is watched.

Dom—“My sainted mother, revered by all.  It’s a terrible thing.  Who keeps doing this to us?”  If asked about relationships: “Princessa hates me and Antonio.  She’d gladly see us in trouble.  She’s a lot like me that girl.  You can never tell what she’s going to do.  Wise as a snake.  Now Maria, she’s a great girl.  She didn’t snub Thug like the rest of us have, but no one’s perfect.  She’s pretty and simple.  It won’t be hard to marry her off, even though she can’t cook well yet.”
Princessa—“My sister is worrying me.  I can’t quite put my finger on it.  Antonio is sneaking around plotting things like the nerd he is.  My stepfather?  He can’t remember what is true and what isn’t of what he says.  I don’t think Guido would do such a thing, he’s always been a dear.”
Maria—“Thug’s a good man at heart.  Everyone is so mean to him, but he just takes it.  He’s so strong, I don’t know what I’d do if someone I loved was killed.  I don’t think Daddy would kill his mother, they didn’t do things like that in the Mafia when he was growing up.”
Thug—Maria is such a darling.  She’s a step above the rest of them.  You’d think that’d make her an even more likely suspect, but I don’t think there’s much pointing toward her.  Even I knew about the reward for killing Mama Santa though, she can’t keep a secret much better than my wife could.
Guido—I’m not good at all this trickiness.  I’m not really sure what’s going on or who’s trying what.  They’re all so good at hiding things, that’s not my style at all.
Antonio—Guido is headstrong.  He really is.  He’s the type that would buy out a movie theater or mall just because he could.  Good thing Uncle Dominick doesn’t trust him with that sort of money.  If I was a girl, I wouldn’t like him.  I’d go after someone with brains like me.  Why get your hands dirty when you can get all the money you need by hacking into servers?  I went through the same training in bare-handed assassination as the rest of them though.  Thug was really good in that class.

Alibis

Each character will have their own room (or partition off parts of the restaurant) with props that the audience will come to in large groups to hear their final defense before the audience eats dessert and individually decide who the killer is.  

Dom (in his office, which contains a “numbers book” for betting)—-It’s not me.  You know why?  There’s all this talk about how Mama Santa is really in charge, but no one even talks about killing me to take over.  Look—[shows an charred envelope dated from 1996; the other prop is incriminating pills reminding the audience that he deals in pharmaceuticals like the ones that may have killed Anna].  It’s a mail bomb.  The last time someone even tried.  They’re dead now.  Anyone who wants me out of power is hoping to do it by vote or something.  They all know if the lights go out and I have a score to settle, they’ll all wake up dead as I wipe my hands clean on the butler’s apron.  I know I’m going back and forth a bit, but I still think it’s Thug.  Maria made some suspicious phone calls this month on her cell phone.  Maybe she’s trying to make sure Thug is legit before she falls head over heels for him.  That chain was next to my mother.  

Princessa (outside on the soccer field or in a bathroom with her contacts)—-“I’m innocent because someone had injected my bottle of contact solution with cyanide to slowly kill me.  I had it tested after I noticed my eyes were burning and I felt short of breath during a game (cyanide toxin works by depleting the body of oxygen).  This lab report shows that the solution had cyanide and that I put it in my eyes (The sclera of the eye deposits protein in contacts).”  (The report also mentions that it would take a long time for the contacts to permanently affect Princessa.)  “Before Anna died, Maria mentioned several times how handsome Thug was.  The motive for killing Mama Santa is that Maria always wants the best money can buy, but money has been tight in the family lately for some reason.  ”

Maria (in the kitchen, still trying not to burn food)—I went to the authorities about this situation, but I still want to be loved by the family.  I couldn’t stand if it they hated me.  I just won’t let this incident go unpunished.  My step-sister is capable of this act, she really wants what’s best for the family, regardless what that costs individual members.  I went to this soccer game where she had all these contact problems, but she didn’t seem all that worried about it.  I do like money, but as you can tell from this receipt [from Goodwill], I’m fine if we have to budget more. 

Thug (in the janitor’s closet by the fuses)—- Antonio has the skills to shut off all the restaurant lights at a precise time, and he’s stealing money.  When the lights went out, everyone was running around and into each other, yelling.  My chain was jerked out of my hand and I believe Antonio planned to kill Mama Santa with it.  Antonio didn’t have the skills to pull this off by himself—maybe he had Maria helping, even though I’m fond of her.  There’s something mysterious about her, she’s not as committed to the family as we think.

Guido (somewhere with mirrors so he can check himself out and wearing boxing gloves or near similar gear)—I really don’t have a good motive as compared with these other losers.  Well, ok, I like money as much as they all do, maybe more than Princessa and Thug, and we all know I belong in charge of the mafia, we need young blood.  But there’s no evidence against me.” Friday night:  “Thug had the best reason to kill Mama Santa.  And the funeral for his wife won’t be cheap either.”  Saturday night: “Besides, I heard Princessa said sports is all about anticipation.  That sounds suspicious to me.” 

Antonio (a room with computers that shows the family’s financial progress, including sharp plunges every so often where the family is missing money)—-Ok, so Thug thinks I’m being shady with our electronic bank accounts.  I think that makes him all the more suspicious if he has the skill to trace me.  As a former hit man he could kill her very easily, and he seems to know enough about electronics to shut off restaurant lights.  But I’m not sure if he did it.  Guido is so flashy he could have done it just to prove that he could.  I must admit I really like Princessa, but I don’t think she likes me very much.  Here’s why I didn’t do it: I was supposed to kill the commissioner when he was dining alone in Uncle Luigi’s banquet room last year. I shot him and noticed a trickle of blood from his chest, so I left.  It was actually sauce from a meatball that had fallen from the Commish’s plate.  Thankfully the cook clobbered the Commissioner with a pan when he tried to run out.  So even though I might be dumb enough to try getting rid of Mama Santa, I don’t think I could have gotten away with it so beautifully.  


Final clues (if you suspect a stupid audience)
          1. Princessa loves Guido.  2. Maria didn’t just “call the cops”, she is an informer (doesn’t necessarily make her innocent or guilty),  3. If Antonio is guilty, he could not have acted on his own.  4.  No more than two people have murdered tonight (again, tell the audience to vote for one person if you want more than 1 or 2 people to get the answer right).

Solution (can be explained by the butler at the conclusion of the show if you’d like):  For Friday night, Princessa was at the soccer field where a little league game was playing.  She heard Anna, who was watching her kids play, mention that Guido was planning to off Mama Santa in order to take control of the family.  Princessa borrowed the cyanide from her grandma that afternoon (and also stole some medicine) and prepared to wear the contacts.  She played a game in them the next day and sent them to a lab, so that everything was done she’d have a great alibi to get away with the crime and get the money from the will too.  At the next soccer game, Princessa slipped a package of “Smarties” into the van.  Princessa framed her grandma, knowing she was to die anyway.  When the lights went off, she thought Guido was going to move then, so she dropped her soccer ball, listened for the clink of Thug’s chain and grabbed it out of his hand to frame him since he was already the prime suspect, and pushed her grandmother to her death.  Antonio had wired the lights to cut out, in hope that someone would use this opportunity to kill the woman before she told everyone how he had been stealing money.  Antonio knew that Thug was waiting to kill Mama Santa at the earliest opportunity.  In fact, Thug did try, but as he shook his chain in anticipation it was stolen from him.  Guido turned out to be all talk.
For Saturday night (alternate ending), same concept but Guido isn’t all talk:  Princessa throws her soccer ball and the chain down, but Guido beats her to killing Mama Santa with his “fists of fury”, as his contribution to the family is being a semi-pro boxer.  He needs to nurse one of his fists all night so the audience has a chance to realize that it’s sore from punching the “genetically soft skulls” of his family members.  Anna still ingested the Amio but died from a punch to the head.



Details for the 6 Actor Variation


The following are personalized scripts for each character, although they still need to know the basics about the other characters.  The highly advanced smiley faces depict relationships between characters, e.g. :/ means you'd throw that person under the bus for $50 but you don't especially like or hate them.

Guido:  
:/ Princessa, Anna, Thug, Antonio. >:( Mama Santa, Dominic. 
Guido is Dom’s brash nephew who is posed to take over the family but doesn’t have the skills yet. His personality is what makes him a suspect, because it is very clear he’ll get rid of anyone who gets in his way. He is unaware that Princessa loves him. On Saturday night he points out her famous line ("sports is about anticipation, etc.") as proof that she did it. 

Appetizers: “I’m going to get her back for this, I will” (about Mama Santa for comments she makes about his competence). "Too bad about Anna, but that’s the way this game is played. We’re all just trying to get to the top, and sometimes people have to die. Mama Santa found that out a long time ago and apparently wants to stick with her philosophy. Times are changing. That’s all I’ve got to say." 
Dinner: “I’m not good at all this trickiness. I’m not really sure what’s going on or who’s trying what. They’re all so good at hiding things, that’s not my style at all. I mean, there's nothing to say it couldn't be Charles the butler or Melanie the cook.” 
Alibi: “I really don’t have a good motive as compared with these other losers. Well, ok, I like money as much as they all do, maybe more than Princessa and Thug, and we all know I belong in charge of the mafia, we need young blood. But there’s no evidence against me. Thug had the best reason to kill Mama Santa. And the funeral for his wife won’t be cheap either. Besides, Princessa says that sports is all about anticipation. That sounds suspicious to me.” 

Antonio: 
:D Princessa :) Dominic, Anna :/ Mama Santa >:( Guido, Thug. 
Antonio, the nerdy yet arrogant embezzler, is apparently cheating the mafia out of funds, but no one else is good with computers, except for Thug, who sells ceramic pottery he makes on eBay. He loves Princessa but realizes she has eyes only for Guido. His quest for more money is a primary reason to suspect him as Mama Santa’s killer, as is his desire for Princessa to notice him, for Guido to pay, and for his embezzling to remain a secret.
 
Appetizers: “Clever woman, Aunt Anna. I don’t think Mama Santa did it. I think Anna was just sick of our way of life. Getting a Greek man didn’t really change anything, so she didn’t see another way out of the family other than stealing Mama Santa’s pills and making her death something we’d all talk about. She was always about image, that women. Image and gossip leads to death in your own minivan." 
Dinner: “Guido is headstrong. He really is. He’s the type that would buy out a movie theater or mall just because he could. Good thing Dominick doesn’t trust him with that sort of money. If I was a girl, I wouldn’t like him. I’d go after someone with brains like me. Why get your hands dirty when you can get all the money you need by hacking into servers? I went through the same training in bare-handed assassination as the rest of them though. Thug was really good in that class.” 
Alibi: “Ok, so Thug thinks I’m being shady with our electronic bank accounts. I think that makes him all the more suspicious if he has the skill to trace me. As a former hit man he could kill her very easily, and he seems to know enough about electronics to shut off restaurant lights. But I’m not sure if he did it. Guido is so flashy he could have done it just to prove that he could. I must admit I really like Princessa, but I don’t think she likes me very much. Here’s why I didn’t do it: I was supposed to kill the commissioner when he was dining alone in Uncle Luigi’s banquet room last year. I shot him and noticed a trickle of blood from his chest, so I left. It was actually sauce from a meatball that had fallen from the Commish’s plate. Thankfully Melanie clobbered the Commissioner with a pan when he tried to run out. So even though I might be dumb enough to try getting rid of Mama Santa, I don’t think I could have gotten away with it so beautifully.” 

Dominic: 
:) Mama Santa (believe it or not) :/ Anna, Princessa, Thug, Antonio, >:( Guido. 
Dominic is short and weak but rules the mafia. Is really conniving and slithery, and always subverts others. Knows that one member of the family is an informer but isn’t sure who (actually the butler, if we think of an interesting way to portray that). His role is to have the least amount of evidence showing he is the killer, in order to sidetrack others. In reality, he is so worried about Anna and Mama Santa’s death spoiling his reign, he devotes all of his time to remaining in power and casting suspicion on others. The primary reason to suspect him is that Mama Santa did not fear or respect him. He mentions that his stepdaughter (his second wife, Princessa’s mother, is Melanie the cook) has his skill for duplicity. Dom’s slyness also translates into his uncanny street smarts that prevent anyone in the family to event think about attempting an assassination. He reveals this during his alibi.
 
Appetizers: “My poor sister Anna. Not an ounce of common sense, but she picked up news easier than I could pick your pocket. Problem is, as soon as she’d know something, it’d leak out to everyone else. Except this time it didn’t quite make it, we all knew she had just discovered something big. When we were younger, she’d always take candy from strangers. Although he was her husband, Thug was a stranger to the rest of us. I still don’t know how the Greek mafia let him out to marry my sister, if they did at all.” 
Dinner: “My sainted mother, revered by all. It’s a terrible thing. Who keeps doing this to us?” If asked about relationships: “Princessa hates me and Antonio. She’d gladly see us in trouble. She’s a lot like me that girl. You can never tell what she’s going to do. Wise as a snake.”
Alibi: (in his office, which contains a “numbers book” for betting and medicine vials) “It’s not me. You know why? There’s all this talk about how Mama Santa is really in charge, but no one even talks about killing me to take over. Look—[shows an envelope dated from 1996]. It’s a mail bomb. The last time someone even tried. They’re dead now. Anyone who wants me out of power is hoping to do it by vote or something. They all know if the lights go out and I have a score to settle, they’ll all wake up dead as I wipe my hands clean on the butler’s apron. Princessa or Guido have the motivation—I know I’m going back and forth a bit, but I still think it’s Thug. That chain was next to my mama's body. We all knew where everyone was standing before the lights went out. 

Thug:
The best part of the improv format is the ability to say random wise-sounding responses to audience questions.  Thug has an expanded role in the 6 person version of this dinner theater.
If someone asks a stupid question, he should say, “This reminds me of a story. Once there was a meatball who asked a plate of spaghetti if it could come visit.  The spaghetti said yes, as long as the meatball was not covered in sauce.  The meatball came with sauce anyway, but the spaghetti had a protective layer of cheese, and the meatball slid off the plate to its death.  There is no meaning to the story.  It is nonsense and irrelevant, just like your question.”
 Or if asked how close the family is: "Very close, but in the way that a lion is very close to a zebra he has just run down."  Thug or another character commenting on his Greekness can instead say, “As close as a man can be to a gyro he is about to devour”, if we continue to cast him as part of the Greek mafia.
 
At the very beginning of the evening, Dom can hug Thug and cry while saying, “Why didn't Anna buy life insurance and name me as a secondary beneficiary?!”
 
Thug’s relationship with other characters:  :) Princessa, Anna   >:( Mama Santa, Antonio  :/ Dominic, Guido.  
Feelings are mutual, except that Antonio is really afraid of Thug and Princessa would happily frame him, although she did like his wife. 
Thug, who no one bothers naming and appears to be a mindless minion, is quiet, with unclear motives. Is some other ethnicity: essentially a merc who still has some loyalties for the other family. Carries a chain.  Other characters often remind him that he married in and is not Italian. He plans to kill Mama Santa with his chain because he thinks she killed his wife Anna.  Which mafia he is most loyal to does not need to be revealed.  In his alibi he mentions that Antonio has the skills to shut off all the restaurant lights at a precise time.  He claims that his chain was jerked out of his hand when the lights went out and believes Antonio planned to kill Mama Santa with it.  He admits that Antonio didn’t have the skills to pull this off by himself and suspects he had Dominic helping him.  Thug dislikes Guido and thinks he's incompetent, hates Antonio for being such a weasel, but admires Princessa for her craftiness.  He doesn't particularly dislike Mama Santa, although Dominic will accuse him of killing Anna to weaken the Mafia so the Greeks can overrun it. 
 
Appetizers: “Mama Santa has never liked me, but why did she have to take it out on my wife just because she realized Italians aren’t the cutest race? She’s going to pay for this. Her day will come soon. Anna had been looking so worried lately. She cared about her mother, and she said she had found out something horrible but wouldn’t tell me what. She must have let it slip out to someone else.”

If they ask about Anna, Thug knows that she was passionate about her Little League soccer team, she was a gossip but always knew when something was going down, so despite her good nature and unwillingness to hurt anyone in the family, she was very useful because she knew if the FBI or family members (maybe that happened to Guido and Antonio's father, Uncle Luigi?) were about to strike.”  
 
Dinner: Antonio mentions that Thug is a good assassin, and Thug mentions that Princessa was closer to Anna and Mama Santa than anyone else, so maybe she didn't do it— but that's not saying much.  Also, Thug can say that no one really understood Dominic and Mama Santa's relationship—who really holds the power, and if they love or hate each other.   After all, they have manipulated the family for years to stay in power.  
Alibi: “Antonio has the skills to shut off all the restaurant lights at a precise time, just like he has the skills to embezzle money for himself from our internet scams.  I found that out while setting up my online pottery business.  Antonio once programmed a rival mafia's casino machines to only make creepy sounds in the key of D minor.  All the customers got creeped out and left, and the family went bankrupt.  Anyway, when the lights went out, everyone was running around and into each other, yelling.  My chain was jerked out of my hand, and I think Antonio planned to kill Mama Santa with it.  I'm not sure if he pulled if off by himself—maybe Dominic helped him.  After all, Dominic hates Guido.  I think Princessa has some secrets too though, she won't look me in the eye."

Princessa:
:D Guido  :/ Anna, Mama Santa, Thug   >:( Dominic, Antonio.
Princessa, the typical spoiled mafia princess, is a tomboy in that she likes soccer (but it’s not enough of a focus to justify her carrying around a soccer ball in the 6 person version), but is also shallow, with a strong dislike for Dom, who is her stepfather, and her step-cousin Antonio.  She appears at first to dislike Guido.  She is headstrong and driven, yet passionate in her love for the family (in general, i.e. their prestige, not for the people in it except Guido). A reason to suspect her is she went to nursing school for a year before having to quit for slapping an old man.  An additional motive is that she would rule the mafia out of spite, to get back at her cold-hearted stepfather. This motive was born before she learned of the will, because despite of her headstrong ways, Mama Santa allows Dom to lead the family. 
 
Appetizer: “It’s horrible. I don’t think she killed herself like Antonio thinks. Mama Santa is old, but I know she was capable of this. Such a stubborn old women, not many people would be willing to cross her. She makes me laugh sometimes, though not in cases like this. I hope I’m like her when I get old. I also hope she gets what she deserves.”
 
Dinner: “Antonio is sneaking around plotting things like the nerd he is. My stepfather? He can’t remember what is true and what isn’t of what he says, although he hasn't started talking about money like he always does when someone dies.  I don’t think Guido would do such a thing, he’s always been a dear.”
 
Alibi:  “I’m innocent because someone had injected my bottle of contact solution with cyanide to slowly kill me.  I had it tested after I noticed my eyes were burning and I felt short of breath during a game (cyanide toxin works by depleting the body of oxygen).  This lab report shows that the solution had cyanide and that I put it in my eyes (The sclera of the eye deposits protein in contacts).”  (The report also mentions that it would take a long time for the contacts to permanently affect Princessa.)  “Dominic or Mama Santa must have tried to poison me.  You know what, I wouldn't put it past Mama Santa to pitch herself forward when the lights went out just to start drama.  We all have genetically soft skulls, it's happened before.  But, Dominic is brutal to anyone who has power other than him.  Except for his mother, of course.” 
 
Primary accusation in alibi: Dominic.
Dom primarily accuses Thug or Princessa and Guido, Guido doesn't accuse anyone, and Antonio and Thug accuse each other.

Mama Santa (including the updated will):
? Dominic   :) Anna    >:(  Antonio and Guido  :/ Princessa and Thug. 
Mama Santa is Dom's mother and is loud, overbearing, and likes to pinch Thug’s cheeks. She takes a lot of blood pressure pills. She is demented and rather deaf. so difficult to figure out. She despises Guido and belittles Princessa, who apparently wants her approval. She says Antonio is a greedy geek and knows he's a greedy embezzler, and she lets Dominic rule the mafia. She mentions loudly as the characters mill about during appetizers that Thug is not a true member of the family. He responds by playing with his chain. Her will bequeaths money to the member of the family who exhibits the best knack for "getting away with it." Her televised will also states that Princessa will probably blab to everyone the details about the money.
Appetizer: “It’s insulting, really, thinking I’d kill my own daughter because she threatened my position in the family. And leaving a Smarties wrapper in her pocket? The only one of us that boneheaded would be Antonio. I don’t think he tried to frame me, he’s not even smart enough to think of that. No street smarts, that boy, just stays hunched over on his computer, doing who knows what. Well, I know what he does, so he’d better stay on his best behavior.” 
When Guido says during the appetizers, "Us two rule the family, we don’t need anyone else," she mentions that he doesn't have the skills and patience he needs yet.

Video Will: “I’m old, rich, and powerful, so I won’t be along for much longer. Everyone knows I allow little Dominicky to control the family. I suppose you all want to know what you’re getting. Not much, you sniveling, greedy, meatball-faced double-crossing canolis. To my son Dom I leave my knickknacks and Christmas ornaments and statues. You’ve already try to sell most of them at garage sales, so here’s your chance. Just don’t sell any more of my wedding pictures, you weasely creep. To my dearest Melanie I leave my recipes. You’re a good woman. Anna dear, I leave you my passport forger. Guard it well, you’ll probably need it to export your no-good husband once he goes back to the Greeks. He just married you for your pasta. Thug, you can have my pills, if there are any left by the time I’m gone (chuckles). Stop shaking the camera Princessa! Put it on a stand or something if you can’t hold still!. Now, where was I…To my grandnephew Guido I leave my easy chair with the built in massager and MP3 player. Learn to sit still, you brat! I’d give you more if you weren’t always so headstrong, jumping into trouble and trying to be the best and the richest and the most powerful. Why, when I was your age—“
Princessa: Let’s get back to your will Grandma. 
“Oh, right. But I really don’t like that Guido. Or you either. You’re too crafty, Princessa, just like your stepfather. I’ll leave you my makeup and two tickets to the Bachi tournament. Oh, and I leave you the field next to the restaurant, where you like to watch Anna's soccer team play. But you really should get a boyfriend. Six kids! Six kids I had by the time I was your age.” 
Princessa: That’s all I'm getting? And Dominick always said—
Well, hold on now, you’ve noticed I haven’t started giving out the money yet. We’re going to have a contest, so you all can squabble amongst yourselves while I roll in my grave, giggling with glee.
Princessa: Um, what sort of contest?
“Oh, and Antonio, you little nerd. Crafty little bugger. Maybe I should tell everyone about—oh, never mind, but I do leave you all of my password hackers and a list of PIN numbers for some local ATM machines. I would have left you my counterfeit money lab but I forget where I put it, which probably means that you stole it.”
Princessa: But Daddy always said, oh, never mind, but what’s this contest about?
“I bequeath my fortune to whoever has the best knack for getting away with it. I know, that’s rather vague, and that’s the beauty of it. You all have your skills, and I’m proud that I’ve taught you everything I know. But you must commit some crime and not be punished by the police or, even worse, by the family. You’d better hope it’s you Dominick. Your rule will be a little shaky once I’m gone.”
Princessa: Well, the ultimate crime would be getting rid of you. That way the money is guaranteed to come quick.
“You morbid little ducky. You’re perfectly right of course. Who wants to die in bed, watching late night TV? I’d much rather have one of you all do it out of greed or love or power!”
Princessa: You’re sick Nona.
“Now, this all must be a secret until I die, to make it even more interesting. But I’m just talking nonsense now, you couldn’t keep a secret from a handsome man if it taped your mouth shut and drowned you in my tomato sauce. Well, I mean, you could, but you won't.”




About the Author and Similar Nonsense


Find more ebooks by Nick Angelis at Smashwords.com or other retailers, and connect with him on LinkedIn, @DrippingEther, or his slovenly excuse for a Youtube channel.  This book was based on his fifteen years of experience as an actor, director, and playwright.  Mr. Angelis is a Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetist currently working on a collaborative follow up to his third book, How to Succeed or Fail in Anesthesia School (and RN, PA, or Medical School), also published by GG Press.  
GG Press is owned by The Grecian Garden, the alternative medicine company founded by Nick and his entrepreneurial wife Melanie (who is releasing a real book within the next few months!).  More about that project at http://thegreciangarden.com.  They now live in the Florida Panhandle, where Nick has barely resisted his awkward tendency to perform improv at local open mic nights. 
As a special treat for reading this section of the ebook (which was only surpassed in boredom by the User Guide), here's a random sample from Nick's first book Nonsense, “A flurry of humorous ramblings, bizarre anecdotes, and sporadic stories generously sprinkled with spurts of silliness.”  Be careful though, because this collection of short stories comes with a warning label: 
“Have you ever felt nervous around casseroles or had complex relationships with snowmen? If so, this book will hinder your healing process and is probably not for you. For anyone else, it will increase your character and cash flow.”


Ice cream truck drivers stick out like vampires on a made for teens television channel or movie.  At first, you think there is something slightly strange about them, something that separates them from the rest of humanity, the same thing that separates normal cows chewing their cud from the ones that would gore you and take over the world if it were not for that impediment known as the "electric fence."  But then, you realize the difference, just like someone would say,  "Uh, you're really pale and have an awkward relationship with werewolves."
You see, ice cream trucks are the only things that keep their drivers from running out and lovingly smearing Rocket popsicles all over our children's plump cheeks.  Have you ever noticed that they never step out of their truck?  They slip you a cone or Italian ice cream discreetly out of their windows and slip back into the driver's seat, like a junkie needing a fix, or a kidney-failure victim hooking back up to the dilator.  This will be hard for me, but I will tell you an experience that I had last week with one of these insane drivers, albeit slightly embellished. 
I was playing soccer with my friends when I heard the tune that is branded into the mind of every child in America frolicking about in the beauty of summer.  The five of us (it was a rather small soccer game) snapped our heads around and beheld our salvation drawing nigh.  An ancient truck, its chipped paint gleaming like a pale sapphire in the moonlight, tottered down my street, blaring its addictive harmony.  We were overcome simply because it had been many years since an ice cream truck had dared travel on our dead end road.  After our latest rally, they boycotted my street because of several reasons that need not be addressed in this essay, or any other.
 I set up the roadblocks and flares while my friends scurried to get money.  The driver hunched over his steering wheel, peering at us like a raven looks at a worm.  I swear I heard him cackle.  His beakish nose was curved like an Arabian scimitar, his eyes were a chilling blue, but it was his hair that made him repulsive.  Greasy black strands hung down on all sides, moving as if by their own will and shimmering in the sun.  He silently listened to our demands of freezing refreshment and nodded. 


####

Now wasn’t that fun? It’s been real, friends, but let’s close the curtain with an illustrated news story from my soon-to-be released medical satire book The Twerk Vaccine and Similar Stories.  


Easter not Recognized as Holiday: Riots Ensue at Catholic Hospital

Hospital of the Resurrection: Religion is not a quiet affair at this institution.  Morning and evening prayers are broadcasted over the PA system at 3am and 3pm every day to better coincide with prayers at the Vatican.  Rumor has it that an ER patient presenting for a stat tubal ligation left the facility with triplets.  Mass is available via live stream from the hospital chapel, a sacred place that to the untrained eye resembles the ICU waiting room.  Visitors, staff, and patients can also attend daily Protestant services or Orthodox divine liturgy of the Greek, Syrian, or Russian variety.  Bingo fills the cafeteria to capacity on Tuesday nights, and so many festivals are celebrated in the parking lot every year that the city’s food trucks don’t bother parking within five miles of Hospital of the Ressurrection.

Despite so much activity, chaplain Father Thomas Umption admits that budget cuts compliments of Obamacare have hit his department hard.  

“We had to sell 6,000 crucifixes—now there’s only one in every room in the hospital.  Then we had to eliminate our Mormon choir and Romanian Orthodox priest, but that’s nothing compared to the changes to Easter—and I’m not talking about the Easter Bunny carrying an Epi Pen after last year’s chocolate-peanut butter egg debacle in the pediatric ward!”

What Father Thomas is talking about is that neither Good Friday nor Easter Sunday will be considered a holiday this year.  There’s a good reason so many employers are in an uproar.  No time and a half pay, no free cafeteria food, and worst of all, no Easter egg baskets filled with delicious potential allergens.  

Although the Jehovah’s Witness chaplain pleaded for a calm response to the news, his colleagues prepared for war.  Clerical collars were replaced by thyroid shields and lead vests borrowed from the scandalous X-Ray techs during their usual hour-long weekly confession.  As this reporter fled the building, he saw the nuns contracted to provide anesthesia care making Molotov cocktails out of gauze pads and Sevoflurane.

 

