ITCHY MITCH AND THE TAMING OF BROKEN JAW JUNCTION

Published by Duane L. Ostler at Smashwords

Copyright 2012 Duane L. Ostler

Discover other titles by Duane L. Ostler at Smashwords.com
////

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook.  Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copies and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


Chapter 1 – How Mitch was Hoodwinked into Becoming Sheriff
Chapter 2 – How Mitch Faced Down ‘Bad Bart’ and Got the Name ‘Itchy’
Chapter 3 – How Mitch Handled ‘Big Tom’ and ‘The Knife Man’
Chapter 4 – How a Flower Turned the Saloon into a School
Chapter 5 – How Mitch Got Rid of the Lazy, Good-for-Nothing Loafers
Chapter 6 – How Some Bank Robbers Got Stung for their Crimes
Chapter 7 – How Some Carrots Stopped a Range War
Chapter 8 – How Some Garlic Captured the Cattle Rustlers
Chapter 9 – How the Claim Jumper was Stopped by Vegetable Stew
Chapter 10 – How Mitch Finally Met his Match
Chapter 11 – How Mitch Arranged for the Town to be Safe While he was Gone


////


Chapter 1 - How Mitch was Hoodwinked into Becoming Sheriff

Broken Jaw Junction was a quiet place.  It had one dusty street with 5 buildings on one side and 6 on the other.  All of the buildings were dull and gray, and so were the few people willing to live in such a boring, lonely western town.  From early morning until late at night, they would all sit on their front porches and stare out at the dull, gray landscape, while thinking dull, gray thoughts.  The most exciting thing that had happened in town in the last 20 years was when Mildred Fussblot put new shingles on her house in 1869 (which turned from brown to grey in a few days).
But then one day, Old Jake found gold.
He had gone to the creek (which he pronounced “crick”) to get a swig of water on one of those baking hot days that come every summer in the dry Nevada desert.  He dunked his grizzled face in the creek, took 2 gulps, opened his eyes—and saw something shiny lying in the mud 2 feet below.  When he took it to the man in the gold asay office in nearby Soda Jerk Springs, he found out that it was real gold!  After that, Old Jake fairly skipped (something he hadn’t done in 40 years) all the way through Soda Jerk Springs and back to Broken Jaw Junction, shouting he was rich.
The news spread like wildfire.  In no time, Broken Jaw Junction was bursting at the seams with gold seekers.  The little town that used to have only 67 residents now had so many thousands of people milling around that most of the old timers (who all hated crowds) lit out for the tiny town of Mud Flats, 200 miles away, so they could go back to the boring, gray lifestyle they were used to.
In addition to gold seekers, almost every other type of person you can imagine came to Broken Jaw Junction.  There were drifters, outlaws, slick gamblers, and other questionable characters by the wagonload.  The once peaceful town was now noisy with shootings at night, and busy with funerals during the day.  It wasn’t long until the undertaker was the busiest man in town, and the cemetery (named “Boot Hill”) saw more digging action than the nearby gold mines.
  One day, the town mayor and a few of the town council members got to talking about the lack of law and order in town.  Now this mayor and these council members were only slightly better than the outlaws and other no-goods that had swarmed into Broken Jaw Junction ever since gold was found.  But instead of making their money getting all muddy trying to pull gold out of the creek, they got rich charging outrageous prices from the gold seekers for permits to dig gold.  Now however, with Broken Jaw Junction getting so dangerous, they were worried the gold seekers would stop coming and they would not be able to charge for any more permits. 
They had already hired a dozen sheriffs and deputies over the past few weeks, but all of them had ended up either run out of town or in boot hill.  Now no one could be found who was willing to take the job—especially not at the lousy wage the mayor and town counsel were willing to pay.  (They didn’t want a sheriff’s wage to cut into their profits).
“So, now,” said Mayor Slickswindle on this day in his greasy voice, “How’re we gonna find a sheriff when nobody in town wants the job?”
Councilman Doug Shyster spat out the tobacco he was chewing, and said in his smooth, southern drawl, “You’re the mayor.  I think it’s your responsibility to take the job!”
Several other councilmen nodded in agreement, but Mayor Slickswindle turned white as a sheet.  “Not on your life!” he exclaimed.  “I’ve made a heap of money from the gold seekers coming to this town.  How can I spend it if I’m six feet under at boot hill?”
“Aw, c’mon, mayor,” laughed Jimmy Weasel. “Aren’t you any good with a gun?”  
“Not good enough to stay alive one day in this town,” answered the mayor.  “You know Bad Bart is waitin’ over at the saloon right now to take care of whoever we hire as the new sheriff, just like he took care of the last four!”
There were several more nods of agreement.  Bad Bart was the fastest gun in those parts, and was meaner than a cat with its tail tied to a hitching post.
“So, what’re we gonna do?” asked Mayor Slickswindle again.  “We’ve gotta have a sheriff, or the gold seekers will stop coming and we won’t get any more fees from them.  But we can’t find anybody who will take the job.”
“How about if we trick somebody into it, then?” said Bert Fuddletheef.  “Like we trick the gold seekers into thinking they gotta buy a permit from us to dig gold, even though the gold fields are outside city limits and they don’t really need a permit.”
“Shhh!” said Mayor Slickswindle, looking worriedly all around them.  “Don’t let anybody hear you say that, or we’re outta business!”
“You know, I think Bert’s got something” said Jimmy Leach.  “There’s gold seekers coming to town every day.  Why not trick one o’ them into thinking he’s the new sheriff?”
“Hmmm..” said the mayor, rubbing his chin.  “I guess that might work.  But what do we say to him to make him do it?”
“Tell him he has been see-lected in a lottery as the lucky winner of a prize,” said Bert Fuddletheef.  “And the prize is the privilege of being sheriff and gettin’ $1.00 a week fer it!”
There were general nods of agreement from the rest of the councilmen.  Mayor Slickswindle smiled.  “Great idea, Bert!” he said, slapping Bert on the back.  “We’ll give it a try.”  
Then he gave Bert a sickly, sweet smile.  “And since it was your idea, I think you’re just the man to tell the new sheriff all about it!”  
The other councilmen all grinned broadly while poor Bert swallowed hard, wishing now that he hadn’t said anything at all.

And so, upon the arrival of the next stage, Mayor Slickswindle and a nervous Bert Fuddletheef waited to greet the new gold seekers.  They were disappointed when the first three passengers to get off were two women and an old man.  But the last two people to emerge from the stage that day were two relatively young men, and looked more promising.  They were Elias Mudgrit, and his cousin Mitch Gardener, who had come all the way from West Virginia.  
The mayor pushed Bert Fuddletheef forward to face them.  Bert coughed nervously.  He mouthed some words, but nothing came out until the mayor poked him in the back.
“Welcome, strangers!” said Bert in a high, squeaky voice.  “Do you know, that you two are the lucky winners of a lottery?  And wait’ll you hear the grand prize!”
“We won a lottery?” said Elias in surprise.  “See that, cousin?” he said turning to Mitch with a big grin on his face.  “Your ma and my pappy was dead wrong when they said we was wastin’ our lives by coming out here!  We’ve had good luck already!”  
Mayor Slickswindle smiled slyly as he stepped forward and shook Mitch’s hand.  “Yes, indeedy!” he exclaimed.  “You, sir, are the lucky winner of the privilege of bein’ the new town sheriff for the incredible wage of one whole dollar per week!  And yer lucky friend here is winner of the job of bein’ your deputy!”
Elias’ jaw dropped in shock, but Mitch didn’t move a muscle.  Mitch never got upset or surprised about anything.  He was always calm as a sleeping jackrabbit.  That’s why his ma and Elias’ pappy had insisted that he come with Cousin Elias to the gold fields instead of anybody else—in order to keep Elias out of trouble!  
The truth is, Mitch hadn’t wanted to come to Broken Jaw Junction at all.  Impossible as it sounded, he had no interest in gold or getting rich.  His only love was his garden back in West Virginia, and how his tomato plants were getting along.
“Now, wait a second, here,” said Elias nervously.  “It’s nice of you to give us prizes an’ all that, but I don’t want to be a deputy!  That there’s a dangerous job!”
“Nonsense,” said the Mayor.  “Why, Broken Jaw Junction is such a peaceful place, you can spend all week in the gold fields, and just be deputy on weekends!  Isn’t that right, Bert?”
“Sure is!” said Bert loudly, in order to be heard over a spatter of gunfire from the saloon down the street.  Then he whipped a piece of paper out of his pocket.  “Of course, to go work in the gold mines during the week, ya gotta buy one of these here mining permits.  Only fifty dollars!”
Elias’ jaw dropped again.  “Fifty dollars!” he cried.  “I done spent all my money just to get here!  I don’t have fifty dollars!”
Mayor Slickswindle stepped next to Bert and whispered out of the corner of his mouth, “Don’t drive them away, or we won’t have a sheriff.”  Then he quickly grabbed the paper out of Bert’s hand.  “See how lucky you are?” he said merrily to Elias and Mitch.  “If’n you accept the sheriff and deputy jobs, we give you the permit in advance!  You can pay for it out of your wage.  It’ll only take a few weeks to pay off!”
“Yeah!” said Bert cheerfully.  “It’ll only take … uh …” he scratched his head.  “How many weeks will it take at one dollar per week?”
“Only sixty-two!” smiled the mayor.  “Now,” he said, digging in his pocket and pulling out two shiny badges.  “What do ya say?”
Elias rubbed his jaw, thinking hard.  But Mitch, who had not said a word so far, stepped forward and took the badge.  “I will be your sheriff out of a sense of public duty,” he said simply.  “But I won’t buy one of your permits, since I have no intention of digging for gold.”
Now it was Bert and the Mayor’s turn to drop their jaws in shock.  They had never heard of anyone coming to Broken Jaw Junction who wasn’t seeking for gold, or of someone willing to become sheriff out of a sense of public duty.
Elias took the other badge with a smile.  “If Mitch is gonna be your sheriff, then I’ll be your deputy, since I know he’s a gonna do a good job and I’ll be safe.  And, I’ll take one of them permits too.”  He grabbed the paper out of the mayor’s hand.  “Did you say I’d have it paid in fifteen weeks?”
“Fifty-four!” said Bert, recovering his wits.  “That’s only half a year.  Of course, by then, you’ll be so rich from all the gold you find you won’t care about getting one dollar per week as deputy!”
Mayor Slickswindle sniggered.  He and Bert both knew that all the good gold spots had already been taken, and the new gold seekers were only finding dirt.  “That’s right!” he said cheerfully.  “Why, I’ll bet you’ll soon be so rich you could hire someone else to be deputy, so you can spend the weekends at your diggings getting more gold!”
“Didja hear that, Mitch?” said Elias excitedly.  “People here is getting rich in just a few weeks!  In no time at all, we can go back home to West Virginy richer than two polecats sittin’ in a field of diamonds!”
“Maybe, but how will my tomatoes look in a few weeks?” Mitch asked sadly.  “They’ll probably be withered or eaten by aphids!”  Then he picked up his trunk and set off down the street.
Bert and the mayor stared after Mitch as if he were crazy.
“Don’t worry about him,” said Elias as he grabbed his own trunk that had been tossed down from the top of the stage.  “He just misses his garden.  But I’m sure he’ll plant one here soon enough.”  Then he ran to catch up with his cousin, leaving the Mayor and Bert shaking their heads in disbelief.
And that is how Mitch Gardener was hoodwinked into becoming sheriff of Broken Jaw Junction—and the greatest legend of the old west was born.


////


Chapter 2 - How Mitch Faced Down ‘Bad Bart’ and Got the Name ‘Itchy’

Mitch and Elias were sitting in the sheriff’s office talking with Mayor Slickswindle and Bert Fuddletheef.  In the two hours since they had arrived in Broken Jaw Junction, it had turned hotter than a potato baking in an oven.  (That’s the way it always was in the dry Nevada desert where Broken Jaw Junction was located)  Mitch fanned himself with his stage ticket while listening to the mayor describe his new duties as sheriff.
“There’s nothing to the job, really,” the mayor was saying.  “Every once in a while ya gotta round up some troublemakers and put ‘em in one of the cells back yonder to spend the night.  But that’s not something you’ll have to worry much about.”
‘That’s because you’ll be in boot hill soon,’ thought Bert to himself.  Then he said out loud, “Yep, this is such a peaceful little town, most of the time you’ll just be sitting here wishing something would happen!”
Just then they heard a round of gunfire from down the street.  Before Mitch could say anything, the mayor smiled and said “just a little target practice down yonder.  People practice with guns so they can protect themselves from rattlesnakes.”
Suddenly Elias spoke up.  “Them jail cells back there look brand new, like they’ve never been used.”
“See how peaceful it is here?” said Bert.  “There hasn’t been much cause to use ‘em so far.  Why our last two sheriffs used to sleep in there themselves, to save the cost of staying at the hotel.”  He didn’t mention that the last two sheriffs used the cells as a hiding place to try to stay alive.
“The last two sheriffs?” asked Elias nervously.  “How many have you had?”
The mayor spoke up quickly.  “Just two, recently.  The last one had to leave sudden like, because he heard his ma wasn’t well.  And the one before that left because he got a sudden inheritance down under.”
“In Australia?” asked Mitch.  
“Uh, yeah, that’s right,” said Bert.  He gave the mayor a furtive glance.  They both knew he was really six feet down under in boot hill!
Suddenly there was a knock at the door, after which a man stepped into the room.  He was tall and thin, and wore a dark suit.  At the sight of him, the mayor and Bert jumped up nervously and headed for the door.
“Well, gotta go,” said Mayor Slickswindle hurriedly.  “Got a busy day down at the office.”
‘You mean the saloon,’ thought Bert to himself.  
“If you have any questions about how to be sheriff,” the mayor continued, “just look in the instruction book on the shelf there.”  He pointed to a black book standing by itself on a shelf above the sheriff’s desk called, “How to be a Small Town Sheriff.”  Then the mayor and Bert were gone.
“I wonder what made them run off so quick?” said Elias curiously.  
The tall man who had come into the office took out a measuring tape.  “Stand up, please,” he said to Mitch, who was still lounging in the chair behind the desk.  Mitch stood up.  The tall man strung out the measuring tape from Mitch’s head to his toes.
“Whatcha doing?” asked Elias curiously.  
“Taking measurements for yer coffins,” said the man dryly.  “I’ve got to have them ready by tomorrow.”
Mitch didn’t even move a muscle, but Elias turned white.  “Our coffins?!” he croaked.  “You’re not serious?!”
“Of course I am,” said the tall man with a yawn.  “Bad Bart found out you two are the new sheriff and deputy, and says he wants to have a showdown tomorrow at high noon on Main Street.”  He turned to Elias and began to measure him.  
“A showdown!” gasped Elias.  “On Main Street?”
“Yep,” replied the tall man.  “That’s where he gunned down four of our last five sheriffs.  He’s mighty fast with a gun.  Mighty fast.” And then, having gotten his measurements, the man walked out.
There was dead silence in the office for a moment.  Then Elias faced his cousin and exclaimed, “we’ve been hoodwinked and hogswindled!  That mayor and councilman are probably up the street right now, laughing at how they tricked us into being killed!”
Mitch’s brow furrowed, but other than that he gave no sign that he was concerned at all.  He reached up and pulled the sheriff’s instruction book off the shelf.  
“I wonder if there’s anything in here about how to handle ruffians like Bad Bart?” he said to no one in particular.
Elias tore the book out of Mitch’s hands.  “Don’t you understand?!” he bellowed.  “We’re gonna get killed by Bad Bart tomorrow if we’re crazy enough to still be here!  Now we gotta run out of town—and we haven’t even had time to dig for any gold!”
“Nonsense,” said Mitch calmly, taking the book back from Elias.  “I have accepted the public trust to keep the peace here.  I can’t just run off because Bad Bart made a few threats.”
“A few threats!” wailed Elias.  But just then a short man came to the door.
“Begin’ your pardon, sheriff,” he said, “but I got your horses ready.  ‘Course, you’ll have to pay fer ‘em.  Only twenty bucks apiece.”
“Horses?” said both Mitch and Elias together in surprise.
“For your getaway,” said the man.  “So you don’t have to face Bad Bart tomorrow.  That’s what the last sheriff did.  He’s probably half way to Texas right now.”
Sudden hope gleamed in Elias’ eyes, but before he could say anything Mitch spoke up.
“We won’t be needing any horses,” he said blandly.  “If Bad Bart insists on causing trouble at noon tomorrow, then I will find it my unfortunate duty to take him into custody.”
The man’s eyes opened wide in amazement.  “You’re gonna face Bad Bart?!” he said in awe.  “Golly, I’d better go tell the undertaker.”
“No need,” said Elias forlornly.  “He’s already been here.”
“So you think you can really kill Bad Bart?” asked the man incredulously.
“Kill him!” exclaimed Mitch.  “Who said anything about killing him?”
“That’s what you’ve gotta do,” said the man.  “He’s mighty fast with a gun, and meaner than a skunk that’s lost his scent.  The only way to stop him from killing you is to kill him.”
“That can’t be right!” said Mitch worriedly.  “I was only going to take him into custody.”  He turned back to the book on how to be a sheriff.  “I hope it doesn’t say anywhere in here that I have to kill ruffians like Bad Bart.  I don’t want to kill anyone!”
The short man laughed out loud.  “Oh, you don’t need to worry about that!” he said with a chuckle.  “He’ll kill you first!”  And then he left.
Elias was pacing the office, muttering to himself.  “We should’ve taken them horses!” he said grumpily.  “Now we’ll have to walk out tonight, under cover of darkness—and it’s a ten mile hike to the town of Soda Jerk Springs!”
Mitch didn’t seem to hear him.  He was reading the sheriff’s instruction manual intently.  “Ah, hah!” he said suddenly.  “It says here that the sheriff has to wear a gun and use it if occasion requires, but it doesn’t say he has to kill anyone!”
“Huh?” said Elias, turning to stare at his cousin.
“I don’t have to kill Bad Bart!” said Mitch triumphantly, closing the book with a snap.  “I only have to take him into custody if he breaks the law.”
“You’re crazy!” cried Elias.  “There’s no way you can take him into custody!  You heard what they said—he’s the fastest gun in these parts!”
“Maybe,” said Mitch calmly as he put the book back on its shelf.  “But that doesn’t change my duty to take him in if he breaks the law.”  Then he rubbed his chin.  “It says I have to carry and use a gun.  Hmmm …”
Elias shook his head in disbelief.  “If you’re going to face Bad Bart tomorrow, you’ll do it alone.  I’ll be halfway to Soda Jerk Springs by noon tomorrow.”
Mitch just smiled, and picked up a six shooter that was lying on the edge of the desk.  He fingered it thoughtfully as a dreamy look came into his eyes.

The light was on late into the night at the sheriff’s office.  Most townspeople said it was because the new sheriff wanted to savor the last few moments he had of life.  Meanwhile, Cousin Elias lit out for Soda Jerk Springs just past sundown.  He was walking and muttering under his breath about all the gold he had been swindled out of.
He had gone two whole miles when he suddenly stopped, looked up at the stars as if he had suddenly remembered something, then let out a loud yell.  “What in tarnation am I thinking?!”  Then a broad smile spread over his face.  Quickly he turned around and headed back to town, whistling cheerfully as he went.

The next day dawned bright and clear in Broken Jaw Junction.  The town was buzzing with excitement about the showdown that would happen at noon that day between Bad Bart and the new sheriff.  Some people had already set their chairs out on the boardwalk to save themselves a good spot to watch the show, even though they all knew what the outcome would be.  No one was worried about the danger of a stray shot coming their way.  Bad Bart never missed, and of course, the new sheriff wouldn’t have time to get off a shot.
The morning passed quietly.  Mitch never left his office.  Bad Bart was in the saloon swigging down drinks, bragging about how many sheriffs he had done away with, and how quick he would do away with the new one.  The excitement in town was so thick you could have cut it with a knife.  Most of the miners left off digging for gold so they could be part of the fun.
Finally, the noon hour came.  Bad Bart came out of the saloon into the middle of the street.  As soon as he did, people darted out of the way until Main Street was deserted (except at the sides where people were lined up to watch as if they were at a parade).
Bad Bart walked boldly down the street until he was outside the sheriff’s office.  “Hey, there, new sheriff!” he yelled.  “It’s time for you to meet your maker!”
There was dead silence.  Some people started to whisper that Mitch must have ducked out the back way, and there wouldn’t be a showdown after all.
But then the door of the sheriff’s office opened!  Out came Mitch, wearing a gun strapped to his hip.  His badge shined brightly in the sun.  He stepped out into the middle of the street and faced Bad Bart.
The two stared at each other for a moment.  The only sound was of a popcorn salesman going down the side of the street, selling his product to all the spectators.  (He was sold out in five minutes).
Finally Bad Bart spoke.  “Any last words before you join the other sheriffs in Boot Hill?”
Mitch didn’t say a word.  He just stared at Bad Bart with a look of determination on his face.
“Well, say something!” exclaimed Bad Bart.  “Ain’t you at least gonna try to arrest me?”
“For what?” replied Mitch.
“Well, fer …” Bad Bart scratched his chin.  Finally he said, “fer killin’ all them other sheriffs.”
“”I’m still doing an investigation about that,” replied Mitch.  “If the evidence shows you broke the law, then I’ll take you in.  I just don’t have the evidence yet.”
Bad Bart laughed long and loud.  “You’re gonna take me in?!” he exclaimed.  “Oh, that’s a good one!”  He laughed long and loud, and there was also a loud wave of laughter from the spectators all the way down the street.
Finally Bad Bart wiped the tears of laughter from his eyes, flexed his fingers, and said, “O.K., enough chit chat.  Draw!”
“No,” replied Mitch calmly.
“What?” said Bad Bart in sincere surprise.  “Don’t you understand?” he asked.  “I’m letting you draw first.  I’m the fastest in the west, you know, so it won’t do you any good—I’ll still beat you.  But go ahead anyway.  All them other sheriffs drew first when I told ‘em to.”
“Well, then,” replied Mitch, “perhaps you haven’t broken any laws and there isn’t any evidence to take you in.  According to my sheriff’s instruction book, a person who draws first in a duel of this sort is the lawbreaker, since he is commencing an act of violence.  The person who draws second does so in self defense.”
Bad Bart scratched his chin in shock.  The thought that he was not a lawbreaker had never entered his head before.  Finally he said, “C’mon, sheriff.  It’s lunch time, and I’m hungry.  Just draw so I can shoot ya and go have lunch.”
“Sorry,” said Mitch calmly, “but I refuse to draw first.  That would be against the law which I am bound to uphold!”
Bad Bart stared at Mitch in wonder.  “Well I’ll be dogged if you aren’t the contrariest sheriff I ever did see!” he said.  “Now, stop playing games and draw, blast it all!”
“Nope,” said Mitch.  “I’m not going to.  You’ll have to draw first.”
Bad Bart swore under his breath.  “Now you’ve done it!” he said through gritted teeth.  “You’ve gone and made me mad.  I don’t like to draw first—it’s bad for my image, like I’m slow at drawing or something.  How about if I toss a coin in the air, and when it hits the dirt we both draw at the same time?”
“Nope,” said Mitch stubbornly.  “You’ll have to draw first.”
Bad Bart swore again.  He looked around at the people watching from the side of the street.  Suddenly he yelled, “You all seen it!  He provoked me, by insisting that I draw first!  I gave him his chance!  I told him to draw first, and he refused!  He insulted my good name!  And so now, I’m a gonna draw!”  
And then Bad Bart drew.
Now many people had claimed to see Bad Bart draw before, but they were all liars.  The truth was, he was so fast it was impossible for anyone to actually see him draw.  What people would see was his hand by his holster, and in the very same instant they would see the gun in his hand with smoke coming from it, and hear a gunshot.  He drew so fast it was like there was no movement at all.  His draw was faster than greased lightning, faster than a ray of sunshine through a cloud, faster even than people could think.  And that’s how it was when Bad Bart drew against Mitch that day in Broken Jaw Junction.
Only this time something strange happened.  Bad Bart had his gun halfway out of his holster (even though it was still too fast for anyone to see) when he heard a gunshot and felt a sudden pain in his hand.  The pain was so bad he dropped his gun.  In complete disbelief, he saw Mitch holding his gun with smoke rising from it.  Mitch had actually drawn faster than him!  He had outdrawn Bad Bart!!
There was dead silence in town except for the echo of Mitch’s gun shot.  No one could believe what had just happened.  (We can’t say that no one could believe what they had just seen because no one had seen Mitch draw either, he was so fast)  History was made in that fraction of a second when Mitch outdrew Bad Bart at high noon on Main Street.  And a new legend of the west was born.
But then something even stranger happened.  Bad Bart began to scratch.  He scratched his hand where Mitch’s bullet had apparently hit him.  Only, now that he looked at his hand, there was no blood.  There was just a red spot that was starting to swell.  Whatever Mitch had shot out of his gun was not a bullet.  And it was causing Bad Bart to scratch like crazy.
“Bad Bart,” said Mitch firmly.  “I’m taking you in for drawing first on a sheriff.  That’s against the law, you know.”  With that, Mitch walked calmly up to Bad Bart—who was still staring at Mitch in disbelief and scratching his hand like crazy—clapped some handcuffs on him, and pulled him off to jail.
The talk that buzzed through town then was louder than a beehive.  “Did you see that?!” everyone was saying to each other.  “Sheriff Mitch outdrew Bad Bart!  I can’t believe it!  How did he do it?  And what did he shoot Bad Bart with to make him itch?”
Just then some town folk caught sight of Cousin Elias, who was standing at the edge of the street.  In no time a crowd had gathered around him, peppering him with questions.  “You know Mitch—he’s your cousin!” they all said.  “How did he do it?  How did he outdraw Bad Bart?  You’ve got to tell us!”
Elias grinned, enjoying all of the attention as if he were the one who had outgunned Bad Bart.  “Well,” he drawled dramatically, “it’s like this.  Last night I remembered something about Mitch.  He had a garden back in West Virginny where we came from.  Every morning he’d go out to that garden, and if he saw even so much as a shadow of a lady bug or an aphid or any other kind of bug on one of his tomato plants, he’d whip his little rubber band pistol out of his pocket and shoot that bug so fast it would make your head swim!  He carried that pistol everywhere, and used it a lot.  Why, I remember one day watching while he shot thirteen of ‘em before I could even blink!  So it’s no wonder he was fast enough to outdraw Bad Bart.”
“But what about the itching?” everyone asked Elias.  “What did he shoot Bad Bart with?”
“I don’t rightly know,” replied Elias, scratching his chin.  “But, if I was to guess, knowing Mitch’s love for plants, I’d say last night he probably put together some little pellets of poison ivy that he could load and shoot just like bullets!  That’d be just like him.  He don’t like killing, you know—except for killing lady bugs.”  
Then Cousin Elias sauntered off to the sheriff’s office to tell Mitch he was back, and to make fun of Bad Bart in his jail cell.

And that is how Mitch faced down Bad Bart at high noon on Main Street in Broken Jaw Junction, and a great legend of the old west was born.  And that is also how Sheriff Mitch gained the nickname “Itchy,” because he was too soft hearted to use real bullets.  


////


Chapter 3 - How Itchy Mitch Handled Big Tom and the Knife Man

Three whole weeks had passed since the famous showdown between Itchy Mitch and Bad Bart.  During that time, news of what had happened spread across the western states just like manure through Mitch’s new garden in front of the sheriff’s office.  Already, half a dozen young bucks, wanting to make a name for themselves, had called Mitch’s bluff and tried to outdraw him, and all of them had ended up in jail with an itchy hand.  
Now when trouble started at the saloon or elsewhere in town, someone would just shout, “Itchy Mitch is comin’!” and the trouble would immediately stop, even if Mitch knew nothing about it and was miles away.  Broken Jaw Junction hadn’t seen so much peacefulness since before gold was found, and the mayor and council members were ecstatic (and richer too, since even more gold seekers were flowing into town, now that it was safe).
But not everyone was happy that Mitch had brought law and order to town.  The horse salesman no longer had a new sheriff every few days to sell a horse to, and—to his horror—realized he would have to start working for a living.  The undertaker had lost so much business, he had to go door to door selling pencils.  But the most unhappy person in town was the owner of the saloon, since he knew it was only a matter of time until Mitch found out he was using false roulette tables and trick cards to swindle the gold miners out of their hard earned money.
And so, one afternoon the undertaker, horse salesman and saloon owner got together just like the mayor and councilmen had a month before.  Only this time they were trying to think of a way to get rid of Mitch so Broken Jaw Junction could go back to the lawless, bloodbath they enjoyed.
“So, what are we gonna do?” asked the saloon owner grumpily.  “I’m already losing business, since the miners think Itchy Mitch is going to clean out the saloon any day now, and so they’ve stopped gambling until he does.”
“You’re losing business?!” exclaimed the undertaker.  “What about me?  I haven’t buried anyone in twenty-one days!”
“What we’ve got to do,” said the horse salesman as he spat a chew of tobacco out of the corner of his mouth, “is figure out how you can knock off Itchy Mitch—and fast!”
There were general nods of agreement from the group.  
“But how?” said the saloon owner.  “He’s already outgunned Bad Bart and half a dozen upstart kids.”
“How about sending for ‘Mean Mo?’” asked the undertaker.  “Wasn’t he the one that taught Bad Bart how to draw?”  
“No good,” replied the saloon owner with a sigh.  “I sent him a telegram the day Mitch shot Bad Bart, telling him to come a runnin’ and protect the reputation of one of his students.  I got a reply the next week saying that he was retired, and that he didn’t like poison ivy.”
Several in the group shook their heads sadly.  If Mean Mo wouldn’t try to face Itchy Mitch, there was little hope of finding someone who would.
“It’s too bad there isn’t a way to get rid of Itchy Mitch, without using a gun,” said the undertaker absently.    
A sudden light glinted in the saloon owner’s eyes.  “That’s it!” he suddenly cried, jumping up in excitement.  “Why didn’t I think of it before?!”  
“What are you yellin’ about?” asked the horse salesman. 
“Remember how Mitch refused to draw first on Bad Bart?  Well, if we could get someone who wouldn’t draw first on Sheriff Mitch, then he wouldn’t draw his gun on them!  And if they could get rid of Mitch some other way, we’d have it made!  After all, guns aren’t the only language people listen to here in the west.”  The saloon owner smirked gleefully.  “In fact, gunfighters aren’t the only ones with mean reputations.  I know just who we need …”
“You don’t mean—“ gasped the undertaker.
“Yep,” replied the saloon owner smugly.  “I’m gonna send for Big Tom!”

Now it should be known that in all the state of Nevada, there wasn’t anyone bigger or meaner than Big Tom.  He was so blackhearted he scared rattlesnakes just by looking at them.  And he was so big there wasn’t a house in the state he could get into without stooping, or a piece of furniture he couldn’t break just by sitting on it.  
But that’s not all.  Big Tom had the reputation of being the toughest, most brutal fist fighter in all the west.  It was said that once he took on twenty men at once in a fight, and they all ended up either in boot hill or the hospital, while Big Tom walked away with hardly a scratch.  So it was no wonder that the saloon keeper and his buddies were delighted when they got a telegram from Big Tom saying that he accepted their invitation to rid their town of its annoying sheriff, and that he would be in town to do the job in three days.
The news spread like wildfire.  In no time, everyone was talking about how Itchy Mitch was going to be beat up so bad even his own mother wouldn’t recognize him.  And just like before, Cousin Elias was planning to head out for Soda Jerk Springs without delay to save his skin.
“C’mon, Mitch,” he said while packing his bags in the sheriff’s office, the day before Big Tom was to arrive.  “If’n we high tail it right now, we might be able to make Soda Jerk Springs before sundown.”
“I can’t leave,” replied Mitch calmly, as he filled a pitcher of water to take out to his tomato plants.  “I have accepted the public trust, and must fulfill my duty.”
“Are you nuts?!” cried Elias.  “Big Tom will tear you limb from limb the minute he arrives!  They say he knocked down a whole saloon with his bare hands once when he thought they had cheated him at cards.  You don’t stand a chance!”
“Nevertheless, I must stay and fulfill my duty,” replied Mitch.  “Besides, who would look after my carrots if I left?”
“How can you think of your silly garden at a time like this!” cried Elias.  Then as Mitch glared at him, Elias said in embarrassment, “uh, sorry.  I didn’t mean to say your garden was silly.  Just, uh … you know … a distraction in a time of crisis.”
Mitch raised an eyebrow.  “I would hardly call aphids a distraction,” he replied seriously.
Elias sighed.  Getting through to Mitch was like trying to tell a river to start flowing backwards.  “Look,” he pleaded, “promise me this.  When Big Tom comes at you, shoot him with some itching pellets.  That should stop him, at least for awhile.”
Mitch looked horrified.  “I can’t shoot someone who hasn’t threatened me with a gun!  My pistol is a weapon of last resort.  No,” he said calmly, “I’m sure this Big Tom fellow is probably quite reasonable, and if I talk to him for a bit, he will probably desist from assaulting me.”  
Elias shook his head in defeat.  “Well,” he replied glumly, “It’s your funeral.  As for me, I think I’ll pack up and head for Soda Jerk Springs.  Drat it all!  And I haven’t yet found any gold!”  And with that he went back to packing.
Just after sundown a few hours later, Cousin Elias took off for Soda Jerk Springs.  He was grumbling and grumpy and would stop every once in a while and turn to shake his fist in the direction of Broken Jaw Junction.  He was nearly two miles out of town when he suddenly stopped, looked up at the starry sky, and slapped his hand on his forehead.  With a sudden smile spreading over his face, he said, “what in the sam hill am I thinking?”  Then he turned and headed quickly back to town.

The next day, the whole town was buzzing with excitement about the upcoming fight.  In fact everyone was making bets on it—not about who would win, but about how many seconds it would take Big Tom to flatten Itchy Mitch.  
Once again, Main Street was lined with spectators, as if for a parade.  The bets were flying fast, and the popcorn salesman had already sold out.  The undertaker was happily whistling in his mortuary.  He already had Mitch’s coffin ready.
Around ten in the morning, a dust cloud was seen approaching town.  Soon people could see a team of four horses pulling an enormous wagon, which was completely filled with the bulking frame of Big Tom.  In a cloud of dust he stopped in front of the saloon.  With one step he was inside (stooping to get in through the door, of course), and then he bellowed in a voice that was probably soft for him, but which was heard throughout the entire town, “Where’s the polecat saloon keeper that sent for me?  He better have a drink ready!!”
Slick as a whistle the saloon keeper appeared.  He gave Big Tom not a glass, but a whole barrel of something to drink, then invited him to try his hand at roulette or cards before tearing the sheriff limb from limb (of course, for Big Tom, the saloon keeper wouldn’t think of using trick cards or a rigged roulette table).  
“No time for little stuff like that,” bellowed Big Tom.  “Gotta get back and finish breakin’ a canyon through the solid rock hills above my house, so the horses on my ranch can get some drinking water.”  Then, after swallowing his barrel drink in one gulp he ducked back through the door onto the street.
In three steps, Big Tom strode from the saloon to the sheriff’s office.  “Sheriff Mitch!” he cried so loudly that he scared away an approaching thundercloud.  “Come on out and let’s fight!”
There was a moment of breathless silence.  Once again, people wondered if Mitch had slipped out the back way.  But suddenly there he was, stepping calmly out of his office.  And to the delight of the saloon keeper, undertaker, and other ruffians in town, he was not wearing a gun!
Mitch stopped a few paces in front of Big Tom.  “Did you call for me?” he asked quietly.
“Sure did,” replied Big Tom in a surly tone, with a nasty smirk on his face.  Then he added, “my golly, you’re a disappointment.  I was hoping you’d be some big tough feller that would take me a whole minute to whup.  But you’re nothin’ but a scrawny little runt, the size of table scraps!”
Although most men would have gone red with anger at such words, Mitch didn’t even bat an eyelash.  “What is it you want with me?” he asked simply.
“What do I want?!” bellowed Big Tom.  “Why, I want to tie your arms in knots!  I want to knock your knees together until they rattle!  I want to twist your ears ‘till they’re shaped like tulips!”
“Why?” said Mitch simply.  “I haven’t done anything to you.  I’m not trying to arrest you, because so far I am not aware that you’ve broken any laws.”
Big Tom flushed red.  “Haven’t you got any sense?” he yelled.  “I like to fight!  I like to beat up sheriffs!”
Mitch turned to go back into his office.  “Well, go do it somewhere else,” he replied with a yawn.
Now, in all his born days, no one had ever turned their back on Big Tom.  His skin turned redder than an overripe tomato.  With a cry of “NO ONE TURNS THEIR BACK ON ME!” he vaulted over the fence Mitch had put up around his new garden and blocked Mitch’s path.  And as it turned out, that was the biggest mistake he ever made.
The instant Mitch turned around, his face went white as a sheet.  A few strangled noises came out of his throat as if he couldn’t speak.  Steam seemed to come out of his ears.
Big Tom guffawed.  “What’s the matter, sheriff?  Are ya skeered?”
With a tremendous effort, Mitch said in a voice that sounded like granite, “you’re standing on my watermelon plant!”
In surprise, Big Tom looked down at his feet.  Sure enough, his massive shoes were right over a watermelon plant, smashing it right into the ground.  Big Tom smiled a wicked smile.  Then, he dug his heel into the dirt, crushing the plant to smithereens.  “Well, isn’t that too bad,” he said gleefully.
Those were the last words Big Tom uttered that month.  Quicker than lightning, Mitch sprung toward Big Tom and began thrashing him up one side and down the other.  His fists flew so fast they looked like a dust cloud in summer.  Big Tom didn’t have time to even so much as raise his hand before he found himself lying face down in the dirt, completely black and blue, and quickly losing consciousness.  In fifteen seconds flat, Mitch had whupped Big Tom!
The fight (if you can call it that) was over.  Mitch stood quietly next to the beaten and bruised hulk of Big Tom, breathing heavily from his exertion.  Then, to the amazement of all, he lifted the massive hulk of Big Tom right off the ground (where he had fallen on Mitch’s potato plants) and heaved him out into the street.  It felt like a small earthquake when he hit.  Then Mitch turned, paying no more attention to the brute, and quickly began trying to revive his crushed plants.
It took almost two minutes before most of the townspeople could comprehend what they had just seen.  Then the street was abuzz just like it had been when Mitch outdrew Bad Bart.  ‘Did you see that?!’ everyone was saying.  ‘Mitch beat up Big Tom, the biggest, meanest fist fighter of them all!!  Can you believe it?!’  But when they tried to talk with Mitch about it, he paid no attention.  He was too busy with his wounded plants.
Suddenly, at the edge of the crowd, some people spied Mitch’s Cousin Elias.  He was holding several pieces of paper in his hands.  In a calm voice he announced, “will all those people who bet me that Mitch would lose kindly pay up!”
People swarmed around Elias, peppering him with questions.  “How did he do that?” they asked.  “Does he have superhuman strength?  How could he beat up someone so fast?”
Once again, Cousin Elias was enjoying himself as if he was the one that had beat up Big Tom.  “Well,” he said dryly, trying to draw out the anticipation as long as he could, “I remembered something last night, something that happened about a year ago.  Mitch had the most wonderful watermelon patch in West Virginia.  He was more proud of those watermelons than a mother coon is of her newborn cubs.  Then one day, a dozen ruffians broke through his garden gate and started helping themselves to his melons without asking!  Boy, was Mitch mad!  He lit into them like a hornet and laid ‘em all moaning in the dirt in less time than it takes to say ‘scat!’  And then he walked away without even a bruise!”
And then, with emphasis, Elias added, “if’n you want to live ‘till tomorrow, never, never, NEVER mess with Mitch’s garden!”

The next day, the saloon keeper, undertaker and horse salesman got together again to talk about what had happened and what to do next.  The saloon keeper was fuming.  It had cost him a bundle to doctor up Big Tom and send him on his way, and he had also lost a bundle in bets to Cousin Elias, who was the only one in town who had bet that Mitch would win (at very large odds).  More than ever, the saloon keeper was determined to do something—anything—to get Mitch out of town.
“I’ve got a plan,” he told them all through clenched teeth.  “Itchy Mitch may be fast as lighting with a gun, and may be able to beat up a big galoot like Big Tom if he’s dumb enough to step on his watermelon plant, but there’s one scoundrel in the west who doesn’t use guns or fists, and that no one can beat!  He’s meaner than Bad Bart or Big Tom.  I’ve sent him a telegram, and he’s on his way.  He’ll be here tomorrow!”
The undertaker’s eyes grew big.  “Surely, you don’t mean—“
“Yep,” said the saloon owner with grim satisfaction.  “I’ve sent for the knife man!”

Now, it’s a sad fact that in the entire west there was no one more feared than the knife man.  He got his name and fame because of his skill with a bowie knife.  He could carve up a dozen enemies with his knife quicker than you could wink, and that’s just what he loved to do.  One time he’d even faced an entire fort full of soldiers, and whittled it down to a handful of toothpicks before their very eyes (then they all took off running).  No doubt about it, Bad Bart and Big Tom were pussycats when compared to the knife man.
And so, the town was again buzzing with excitement.  What a fight this would be!  Mitch didn’t stand a chance this time.  Fast draws and fists would do him no good here.  There was no doubt what the outcome would be when Mitch met the knife man.  Once again, Cousin Elias pleaded with Mitch to get out of town to save his skin.
“C’mon, Mitch,” he said outside the sheriff’s office the night before the knife man was to arrive.  “There’s still time to save your skin from being peeled off.  Let’s high tail it out of here.”
“What for?” replied Mitch calmly, as he replaced the bandage on one of his half-crushed watermelon plants.  “This ‘knife man’ hasn’t broken any laws that I am aware of.  I can’t just leave because he supposedly is going to use a knife against me.”
“Supposedly?!” cried Cousin Elias.  “There isn’t any question he’s gonna use the knife!  That’s what they hired him to come here and do!  You’ve got to get out of town while there’s still time!  Or at least promise you’ll use a gun against him!”
“Nope,” replied Mitch simply.  “If this fellow wants to cause trouble with a knife, then I guess I’ll have to take him in.  But I won’t use my gun if he’s not going to use one.”
Elias shook his head, then picked up his pack and headed for the street.  “Well, I guess I’ll read your obituary in Soda Jerk Springs.  Good-bye.”  And then he was gone.

Elias had walked over an hour along the dusty desert road, muttering about how he still hadn’t been able to find any gold when he suddenly stopped, looked up at the copper sky, and then yelled loudly, “what in tarnation am I doing?!”  Then he turned and headed quickly back to town. 

By the next day, everyone in town was so excited about the big fight that they actually had built wooden seats in a circle around the sheriff’s office so they could watch the show.  The undertaker was so happy that he carved little flowers all over Mitch’s coffin, and the saloon keeper was so giddy, he actually gave free drinks to everyone the whole hour before the knife man arrived in town.  And once again, the bets were flying about how long it would take for the knife man to get rid of Mitch.  
When the knife man arrived, he didn’t waste any time.  He went straight to the sheriff’s office (where a large, breathless crowd waited), and said in a soft, deathly voice, “Sheriff, come on out!  You’re gonna be the subject of a pumpkin carving!”
Everyone watched excitedly.  The popcorn salesman was busy again (he was becoming one of the richest men in town), along with a dozen others who were selling everything from pretzels to lemonade.
There was deathly silence (except for the shouts of the salesmen offering their products) as Mitch came out of his office and faced the knife man.  The two were still as statues, staring at each other.  Finally Sheriff Mitch spoke.
“Did you call for me?” he asked blandly.
“Sure did,” said the knife man in an icy voice.  “I hear you’ve been subjecting the people of this fair town to too much law and order.  I’m here to correct that problem.”  Then he pulled out his bowie knife and in two seconds flat carved a statute of a scared looking sheriff out of the hitching post in front of Mitch’s office.
Mitch didn’t say a word or bat an eyelash for two whole minutes.  When he finally spoke, people were amazed that he sounded quite relaxed and cheerful.  “Well,” yawned Mitch, “if you’re going to carve me up, it’d be a shame to do it on an empty stomach.  How about some lunch first?  I’ve got some fresh vegetables!”
The knife man was so surprised he nearly dropped his knife.  “Lunch?” he repeated stupidly.  “You’re going to give me vegetables before I carve you up?”
“Yep,” replied Mitch with a smile.  “My garden just got planted, so I’m afraid there’s nothing ripe out of it yet that I can give you.  But I just got some fresh lettuce, tomatoes and baby carrots as a gift from the widow Holbrook down the street—and they look delicious!  So how about some fresh salad?”
Without a word, Mitch disappeared into his office, leaving the knife man gawking at him in amazement.  In a moment he reappeared with a large salad bowl, a cutting knife and the vegetables.  He set the bowl down on the path next to his new garden, then gripped the knife firmly and tossed a head of lettuce in the air.  
What happened next was truly amazing.  Before the head of lettuce had fallen more than two inches Mitch slashed his knife through the air at the speed of lightning, neatly slicing the lettuce into hundreds of pieces which fell gently into the bowl below.  After slicing several more heads of lettuce this way, Mitch tossed a tomato in the air, and quick as a wink had sliced it into dozens of tiny, tasty looking pieces which fell in a perfect circle around the outer edge of the bowl.  In no time flat, he had chopped up the whole salad, never once touching the bowl or its contents, but always slicing everything in the air with incredibly quick, deft slashes of his knife.
The knife man had turned more white than an albino rattlesnake.  Never in all his born days had he seen a display of knife work like that—not even by himself.  He gulped and carefully put his bowie knife back into its scabbard.  The townspeople waited in breathless silence, not knowing what would happen next.
Meanwhile, Mitch had disappeared into his office again, and when he came out he was carrying two bowls and two forks.  He quickly filled both bowls, popped a fork in each, and stepped up to the knife man, handing him one.  “Here you are,” he said cheerfully.  “Sorry I don’t have any salad dressing.  The General store doesn’t sell any for some reason, but I’ve got some on special order!”  Then Mitch sat down on the step of the sheriff’s office and began to eat.
For a moment no one moved.  They were all staring at the knife man, wondering what he was going to do.  Finally he gripped his fork securely, jabbed it into the salad, and raised it to his mouth.  He grimaced as he took a mouthful of salad, but he didn’t stop chewing.  He probably hadn’t eaten a fresh salad since his mama made him eat one as a kid, but that day he ate every bite (making funny faces the whole time) out of respect for Sheriff Mitch.  When he was done he set the bowl down, said “thanks” to Itchy Mitch—who simply nodded in return—and then headed down the street and out of town.
The saloon keeper ran after him, hopping mad.  “What in the blazes are you a doing?” he demanded.  “Aren’t you gonna carve Mitch up like you promised?”
“Are you nuts?!” replied the knife man.  “I’ve never seen anybody handle a knife like that, not even the injuns!  I wouldn’t stand a chance!”
“But what about your reputation?” exclaimed the saloon keeper desperately.  “You’ve got to at least try!”
The knife man shrugged his shoulders but kept walking.  “I’d rather keep my skin than my reputation,” he said simply.  And then he was gone.
The whole town was buzzing again about how Mitch had outdone the knife man simply by making a salad.  It was just as unbelievable as when he outdrew Bad Bart and beat up Big Tom.  But he still wouldn’t answer any of their questions.
Then some folks spotted Cousin Elias at the edge of the crowd.  Once again, he was holding up some betting slips.
“Will all those who bet that the knife man would beat Mitch kindly pay up?” he said.  The people swarmed around him, peppering him with questions.  For the third time, Elias smiled and paused dramatically, enjoying the excitement as if he had beat the knife man himself.
“Well, it’s this way,” he drawled happily.  “I remembered yesterday the many times I would go visit Mitch back in West Virginia, and watch as he sliced up vegetables from his garden.  He would always slice them up quick as lightning.  That’s when I realized that nobody could be quicker or better with a knife than him.  Now, will those who placed bets with me kindly pay up?”
And that is how Itchy Mitch faced down Big Tom and the knife man, and made history once again.  And that is also how the saloon keeper nearly went bankrupt (from paying off all his bets with Cousin Elias, who was now quite rich), and how he and the other mean characters in town finally realized there was no way they were going to drive Itchy Mitch out of Broken Jaw Junction.


////


Chapter 4 - How a Flower Turned the Saloon into a School

Broken Jaw Junction once again was a quiet place, now that Itchy Mitch had restored law and order.  Since he had faced down Bad Bart, Big Tom and the Knife Man, the local trouble makers didn’t dare stir up any more problems, since they knew they would land in jail if they did.  The undertaker moved to Kansas City (where there were more killings and he could get more business), the horse salesman started selling salad dressing door to door (he decided if you can’t lick ‘em, join ‘em), and the saloon keeper got rid of his rigged roulette tables and trick cards, and reluctantly started running an honest business.  It looked like peace had come to town to stay.
Now that Broken Jaw Junction had a reputation for being peaceful and law abiding, women and children started coming to town, along with the regular swarm of gold seekers.  And it wasn’t long until some of the new women in town started stirring up more trouble than all the lawbreakers combined.
The first thing they did was to form a Ladies Aid Society, which had the chief goal of giving free soup to starving gold miners (the ones that couldn’t find any gold—and there were a lot of them!)  This made the mayor and council members mad because the women forced them to come up with the money to pay for all the soup, and that cut into their profits.  But of course they couldn’t do anything about it, since there is nothing in this world—not even galoots like Bad Bart or Big Tom—that is more frightening than a determined member of the Ladies Aid Society.  
The mayor and council members were so upset they even thought about joining with the saloon keeper to find a way to get rid of Itchy Mitch and restore lawlessness—to drive out the Ladies Aid!  But before they could come up with a plan on how to do it, the Ladies Aid themselves suddenly had a disagreement with Mitch that looked like it would drive him out without any outside help.
This is how it happened.  One of the first things the Ladies Aid decided was that Broken Jaw Junction needed to have a school.  But when they looked into it, they were surprised to find that the old town (before gold had been discovered) did have a school—which now was the saloon!  It had been left deserted and empty after all the old-time residents had moved out of town.  Then the saloon keeper had come to town, who decided to just take over the abandoned school even though he didn’t own it, and use it as his saloon rather than build a new one!
When the Ladies Aid found this out, they were mighty upset.  They approached the mayor and town council about it, who (reluctantly) agreed that the school had been wrongly taken over by the saloonkeeper and needed to be restored to being a school.  However, they unanimously agreed that the Ladies Aid should be the ones to tell the saloon keeper to make the change since they all came up with a reason (or excuse) for being too busy to go do it themselves.  
When the Ladies Aid approached the saloon keeper, he just laughed in their faces.  “Finders, keepers!” he said gleefully.  “That’s the law here in the west.  I found this building abandoned and decided to move in.  It’s mine now, and you can’t move me out, or that would be stealing-from me!  Nothing you can do or say is going to make me move out of here.”  Then he slammed the door in their faces and laughed long and loud while the ladies stood there fuming.
That is when the Ladies Aid came to Mitch.  Three of them stormed up to him while he was watering his cucumber plants in front of the sheriff’s office.
“Sheriff Mitch!” said the one who was in charge, “we have a case of lawlessness to report!”
Mitch calmly put down his watering can and stood up to face them.
“The town school has been turned into a saloon, and we need for you to turn it back!”
Now this is the first time Mitch had heard of this whole affair, and like most people he was surprised to hear that Broken Jaw Junction actually used to have a school.
“Have you talked to the saloon owner about it?” he asked.
“Yes!” she replied with a sniff of disdain.  “All he said was ‘finders keepers.’  But that makes no difference.  We expect you’ll have him out and the school restored by the end of the day!”  Then, without another word, the three ladies walked stiffly away. 
Mitch silently watched them go.  Then he calmly put his watering can back in his office and walked over to talk to the saloon owner.  But when he did, he got the same answer as the Ladies Aid.
“Finders keepers!” the saloon keeper said with glee.  “I haven’t broken the law—but you will if you force me to leave.  This place is mine by the law of abandonment, and there is nothing you can do about it!”  And then the saloon keeper laughed long and hard in Mitch’s face, which is something he had long wanted to do.
Now Mitch was worried.  He went back to his office and pulled the black book “How to be a Small Town Sheriff” off the shelf.  But what he found in its pages didn’t give him much comfort.  Then he looked through all the old deeds and land records, to see if any of them had anything to do with the saloon property.  He didn’t find a thing.  
“I’m sorry ladies,” he told members of the Ladies Aid later that day.  “According to the laws that I have seen, the law of ‘finders keepers, losers weepers’ is still in force if there isn’t a written deed to the property, and there is no deed to the school that I could find.  It says so right in my sheriff’s manual.  I can’t see a legal way to take the saloon back and turn it into a school.”
The women’s faces turned purple.  “Nonsense!” they screamed.  “You can’t tell us that a dirty, low down saloon keeper is going to keep our school and use it as a saloon!  Either you get that saloon back or we’ll make sure you’re fired as sheriff, and someone is hired who will do the job!”  And then they ran right off to complain to the mayor and town council about how Mitch was not a good sheriff and should be fired.
After talking it over, the mayor and council decided to give Mitch three weeks to resolve the problem, or he would be fired.  And then they gleefully started planning how to spend all the extra money they would be getting once he was gone and lawlessness was restored, which would chase out the Ladies Aid (since they would no longer have to buy soup for starving miners).  When the saloon keeper found out about what the mayor and council had done, he was so happy he gave them all free drinks at his saloon for the whole three whole weeks.  It looked like he was finally going to get his way and see Itchy Mitch driven out of Broken Jaw Junction because of the Ladies Aid.

The light in the sheriff’s office was on late into the night after all this had happened.  Most people thought it was because Mitch was either packing to leave, or trying to figure out where to go.  It seemed the Ladies Aid had accomplished what Bad Bart, Big Tom and the knife man had failed to do, and once again the bets were flying through town—not about whether Mitch would leave, but when!

The next day, Mitch walked over to talk to the saloon keeper.  “Mr. Saloon keeper,” he said as soon as he arrived, “I’ve come to ask that you give up your saloon and let it go back to being a school.”
“Hah!” cried the saloon keeper.  “You must be crazy.  Like I told you yesterday, this place is mine fair and square, and I intend to keep it.”  Once again, he laughed in Mitch’s face, something he greatly enjoyed doing.
“Well,” replied Mitch, “I might have to drive you out, to keep the peace.”
“If you do that, you’ll be breaking the law, and then I’ll send for the state marshals to come and take you to jail!” said the saloon keeper with a big smile on his face.  
“Well, now” replied Mitch, “it may be true that there is a law about ‘finders keepers,’ but your taking over this school and turning it into a saloon is still kind of shady.  I’m not sure your operation here, with all these roulette tables has been completely honest and law abiding.”
The saloon keeper gulped nervously.  Had Mitch heard about how the roulette tables used to be rigged, so he could cheat the gold miners out of their money?  
But then he smiled again.  “You can’t prove it,” he replied haughtily.  “And you can’t kick me out of here legally either!”
“I’m not so sure,” replied Mitch, scratching his chin.  “I’ve talked to a few miners in town that have told me they were cheated out of money here.  If you’re running an illegal gambling joint, I could shut you down.  Then the building would be empty.”
The saloon keeper gulped again.  But he wasn’t about to lose his beautiful saloon that easy.
“You’re going to have to prove it, to get me out,” he replied.  “I still say I haven’t done anything wrong.  You don’t have any evidence, and you can’t get any!”
Mitch looked at him long and hard, while rubbing his jaw.  Then he said, “I’ll tell you what.  I’ll make a deal with you.  I won’t try to shut you down for illegal gambling as long as you let me keep a flower in your saloon.”
The saloon keeper looked at Mitch blankly as if he thought Mitch had completely lost his mind.  “A what?!” he said.
“Just a little flower,” replied Mitch casually.  “Nothing to get excited about.  I’ll just keep it on one of your tables, and come in and water it everyday.  That’s all.”
Now it was the saloon keeper’s turn to scratch his chin and wonder what this was all about.  But try as he might, he couldn’t think of anything harmful about a flower sitting on one of his tables in the saloon.  It might even prove to be an interesting conversation piece, as everyone tried to figure out why it was there, and make fun of Sheriff Mitch in the process.
“O.k., you’re on!” said the saloon keeper.  “Go ahead and keep your flower.  But just remember, me and my boys may shoot the petals off for target practice!”
Mitch winced at the thought of one of his beloved plants being shot at.  “Now, that’s not part of the deal,” he said firmly.  “Remember, if you ever try to take the flower out or hurt it in any way you’ll have to give up your saloon.  The flower stays and is unharmed, no matter what.  That’s the deal.”
“Fine, so the flower stays, unharmed,” replied the saloon keeper with a smirk.  “Go ahead and keep your silly flower for all I care.  Pick any table you want.  Water it any time.  But nothing you say or do will make me give up my saloon!” 
“Agreed,” said Mitch with a slight smile.  Then he thanked the saloon keeper and said he’d be back the next day with the flower.  After he was gone, the saloon keeper skipped and hopped all the way around his saloon, since he was so happy to have beaten Mitch at last.  He was so excited that he declared it “Down with Sheriff Mitch Day,” and gave everyone free drinks.  
However, when the Ladies Aid found out about Mitch’s deal with the saloon keeper they were furious, and went straight to the mayor and town council to complain.  “How dare he allow that low-down saloon keeper to hold onto his filthy establishment!” they cried.  “You’ve got to fire him immediately, and hire someone who will get our town school back!”  
Trying his best not to smile with glee at what had happened, the mayor simply said, “now ladies, we made a promise to Mitch that he would have three weeks to restore the saloon to a school, before we fired him.  We have to keep our word, you know.”  
The ladies just looked at him and the town council members with a gaze that would have melted stone.  “You’re all as weak and spineless as Sheriff Mitch!” one of them said angrily.  Then they all left in disgust, to the great relief of the mayor and town council, who had all started to feel rather hot under the collar.
They weren’t much easier on Mitch.  A group of them cornered him later that day while he was weeding his potato plants in front of the sheriff’s office.
“We understand,” said one of them in an icy voice, “that you are letting that ruffian saloon keeper hold on to our school, and that all you have done is make the ridiculous request that he simply keep a flower in his saloon!”
“How could you do such a thing!” exclaimed another.
“Run the saloon keeper out of town!” cried a third.  “After all, you’re the sheriff!”
“Now, ladies,” replied Mitch in a calm voice, “I have to sustain the law.  And it doesn’t look like the saloon keeper is exactly in violation of the law, although what he has done looks shady enough.”
“That’s ridiculous!” cried several voices at once.  “How can converting a school to a saloon not be against the law!”
“Young man,” said the leader of the group stepping forward.  “I have no doubt that keeping a flower in the saloon will improve its appearance.  But that hardly will restore our school—which it is your duty to do!”
“I’m sorry,” replied Mitch.  “I’m trying to take care of the problem the best I can.  Why don’t you give it some time?  The saloon keeper may have a change of heart and give the saloon back.” 
“HAH!” cried several voices at once.  “You are a spineless weakling who won’t do his duty!  We’ll soon have you replaced!”  Then they all left in a huff, while Mitch calmly went back to his weeding.
The next day, true to his word, Mitch brought a flower to the saloon.  It was a little green thing in a pot holder, and was not yet in bloom.  “Which table do you want me to set it on?” he asked the saloon keeper.
“Over there by the window,” cried one of the saloon keeper’s leering friends.  “That way we can shoot at it from both outside and inside!”
“An excellent idea,” said Mitch as everyone laughed.  “It will get lots of sunshine by the window.  But, remember,” he said, giving the saloon owner a sharp look, “you promised not to harm it in any way.  So, no shooting at the petals!”  
The saloon keeper just smirked and shrugged.  Then while everyone looked on and giggled, Mitch tenderly set the plant on the table and gave it some water from the watering can he had brought along.  Then he left.
In no time, Mitch’s flower was the biggest news in town.  Everyone came to look at it—and to make fun of it, and of Mitch.  There was a constant, gawking crowd in front of the saloon window, who came to see how (or if) it was growing.  Bets were flying over whether it would survive in the smoke filled, questionable environment of the saloon.  
Meanwhile, the Ladies Aid made a daily complaint to the mayor and town council about how Mitch needed to be replaced.  However, even though the mayor and his buddies trembled and started to sweat profusely every time the ladies came near, they stuck fast by their word that Mitch would have three weeks until he was fired.
Everyday, amidst the jeers and catcalls of the watching saloon patrons, Mitch would visit the saloon and gingerly water his precious plant.  He often spoke to it in low, soothing tones, much to the amusement of the saloon keeper and his friends.  After he left, they would all gather round and speak to it some more, and it’s a good thing the poor plant couldn’t understand what they were saying.
Finally, the memorable day came when the plant began to bloom.  A passing, half-starved gold miner noticed it first, on his way up the street to a breakfast of soup at the Ladies Aid.  In no time the news spread like wildfire through the town, and soon there was a larger crowd than usual gathered outside the saloon window.  The saloon keeper—who had grown quite proud of ‘his’ flower, and all of the publicity it gave him—proudly placed a large book under the flower so people could see it better.  (He also did this to aggravate the Ladies’ Aid, since the book he placed under the flower was an old school math book).
But around noon of that day the patrons of the saloon began to notice a peculiar, unpleasant smell.  It seemed to be more piercing and pungent than the usual smell of miners who hadn’t had a bath in several months, and it seemed to permeate the whole building.  Even though most men who came to the saloon usually ignored the odors that drifted through the air from their fellow patrons, this new smell was bad enough that several of the men commented to the saloon keeper that he really ought to keep the place cleaner and free of odors.  In order to not lose business, he promptly had the place mopped and scrubbed, and kicked out several of the stinkiest miners (one of whom boasted that he hadn’t had a bath since he was 10).  
But the smell did not go away.  In fact, it got worse as the day wore on, until by sundown it was so bad that the few people still brave enough to stay in the saloon were going around with clothespins on their noses.
It was about that time that one of the miners—a large fellow with a head cold, who couldn’t smell too well unless he was up close to things—discovered that the stench seemed to be coming from Mitch’s flower!  For all its beauty, the flower smelled like rotten eggs, an old outhouse and decaying flesh all rolled into one!  And it just kept getting stronger!  By two hours after sundown not even clothespins helped with the smell any longer, and the only one left in the saloon was the saloon keeper.
To say that the saloon keeper was mad at Itchy Mitch would be quite an understatement.  He called Mitch every bad name known to man, and then made up a few more of his own.  Then he stormed over to Mitch’s office and pounded on the door.  “Sheriff Mitch!” he cried, as a crowd gathered to see what would happen.  (They didn’t get too close though, since some of the flower’s smell had latched onto the saloon owner’s clothes).  Mitch came to the door looking as calm as ever.
“You low down, weasel!” cried the saloon keeper.  “You skunk!  (Actually, it was the saloon keeper who smelled like a skunk, since he had been in the saloon near the flower all day)  “You trickster!  That flower has got to go!”
Mitch just smiled sweetly.  “Don’t you like your Dracunculus Vulgarus?” he asked.  “That’s its Latin name, you know.  It’s English name is Dragon Arum.  It pollinates by attracting flies with its stench, rather than bees.  Isn’t it a fascinating flower?”
The saloon keeper’s face was purple.  He could hardly speak, but with a great effort, he said, “THAT BLASTED FLOWER IS GOING TO BE THROWN OUT TONIGHT!!  IT’S RUINING MY BUSINESS!!”
“That is too bad about your losing business,” said Mitch pleasantly.  “But remember our deal.  If you take that flower out of your saloon, or harm it in any way, you’ve got to let your saloon go back to being a school.  The flower has got to stay.”
After blustering and fuming and ranting and screaming for awhile, the saloon keeper finally left.  He knew he was beaten.  No one would come into his saloon as long as that stink flower was there, not even the stinkiest of the miners.  So he knew there was no sense keeping the place any longer.  
The next day, he went and bought the makeshift shack the Ladies Aid were using to serve soup to starving gold seekers, and made it his new saloon.  The Ladies Aid were so happy to get their school they were only too glad to let him have it at a low price.  And the gold seekers were glad too, since now they could get something stronger than soup when they went to the old soup kitchen.  (A few days later the Ladies Aid made the mayor and town council build them a new soup kitchen at the town’s own expense.  The mayor and town council grumbled and complained about it of course, but they had no choice but to do it).  
And that is how Itchy Mitch converted the saloon back to a school with just an innocent, little flower.  And that is also how he overcame the biggest threat he had yet faced as sheriff—the Ladies Aid.


////


Chapter 5 - How Mitch Got Rid of the Lazy, Good-for-nothing Loafers

Now that Itchy Mitch had outgunned Bad Bart, outfought Big Tom, out knifed the knife man, and out maneuvered the Ladies Aid, it looked like he was unbeatable.  The mayor and town council members grumpily accepted the fact that part of their profits would have to be used to buy soup to feed starving miners from now on.  And the poor saloon keeper sadly accepted the fact that he would probably never be able to laugh in Mitch’s face again.  Everyone settled down to peaceful life in Broken Jaw Junction, certain at last that no troublemaker could get the best of Sheriff Mitch.  
But then something unexpected started to happen.  Now that Broken Jaw Junction had a reputation for being calm and peaceful, it started to attract not only women and children, but also lazy, good-for-nothing bums as well.  These were men who avoided the dangerous towns at all costs, but loved to loaf and take it easy where things were safe and quiet.  A swarm of them started to come into town, lounging on the boardwalk in front of the shops (to the annoyance of the Ladies Aid, who thought they were uncouth), sleeping in back alleys, guzzling liquor all day at the saloon, and generally making a nuisance of themselves.  Some of the bolder ones even started coming into the restored schoolhouse to sleep off their drunkenness where it was quiet (after school let out, of course).  When the Ladies Aid heard about it, they went straight to Sheriff Mitch to complain.  They found him weeding around his squash plant in the garden in front of his office.
“Sheriff,” said Elvira Snooty, spokeswoman for the group, “there’s a bunch of low-down, lazy, good-for-nothing galoots all over town that need to be taken care of.  They’re setting a bad example for the children, staggering through town in drunken stupers, and leering at people when they enter stores.  And now they’ve even started sleeping in the schoolhouse after school lets out!  You’ve got to do something about them!” 
Mitch straightened up from his weeding to look at the angry group of women facing him.  Calm as ever, he said simply, “have they broken any laws?”
“What does that matter?” the ladies bellowed back in rage.  “They’re tramps and no-goods!  They’re indecent and ugly and they smell like pigs!  You’ve got to get rid of them!”
“But I can’t do anything against someone if he hasn’t broken the law,” said Mitch simply.
The glares of the women were colder than an ice glacier in a blizzard.  In a piercing voice barely above a whisper, Elvira Snooty said, “either you clean out those low-down, good-for-nothing galoots, or we’ll have your badge!”  Then they stormed off in a huff before Mitch could say another word.
When some cowboys and miners told the saloon keeper about what had happened they were surprised he wasn’t happy, since it looked like soon he would finally be rid of Mitch for good and all.  But he just shook his head sadly, and said, “He’ll find a way out.  He always does.  He got around the Ladies Aid last time, and he’ll do it again.”
“I’m not so sure,” said a cowboy.  “Those women looked pretty mad!  Why don’t you kind of help things along by giving out free drinks or somethin’?  That should increase the number of drunken bums in town to a new high!”
But the saloon keeper just sadly shook his head.  “Every time I do something like that it costs me money—and that blasted Sheriff still finds a way to worm out of it!”  But after a good deal of coaxing from his buddies (and from a lot of nearby bums who had heard all this and wanted free drinks), the saloon keeper finally agreed to give free drinks to bums for a week to see what would happen.  (Since non-bums were not eligible for this offer, some of the miners give up their claims and took up the new profession of bumship, spending all their time at the saloon).  
When the Ladies Aid found out about the free drinks, they were furious.  They went straight to the saloon keeper and complained about it, but he just responded by saying, “It’s a free country.  I can give out free drinks to bums if I want to, so there!”  Then he quickly ducked back into his saloon (so they couldn’t hit him with their purses) and went back to passing out drinks.  
The ladies then went to the mayor and town council members to complain.  But after the mayor and the others listened patiently to the ladies, they just told them it was a matter for Sheriff Mitch, and they couldn’t do anything about it.  Then after the women left, they all went over to the saloon to try to convince the saloon keeper that they were bums too (which no one would disagree with), and should get free drinks.
With nowhere else to go, a storm of women again approached Mitch’s office.  They found him tenderly putting a splint on the stalk of one of his broccoli plants that had been knocked over by a passing dog.  
“Sheriff Mitch!” one of the women cried, “we just found out the saloon keeper is going to give free drinks to bums, so that more of them will come to town and cause trouble!  What are you going to do about it?!”
Now, this was the first Mitch had heard about this whole affair.  He stood up and scratched his chin.  “Well,” he said at last, “I suppose that’s not a very nice thing to do, but I don’t know of any law against giving away free drinks.  I’m not sure there’s anything I can do.”  
There were cries of outrage from the group of women.  “How dare you take the side of that low-down skunk of a saloon keeper!” said one.  
“I knew he was in league with the enemy!” cried another.  
“Probably goes there for free drinks himself!” said a third.  
Then one of them cried, “EITHER YOU GET RID OF THOSE DRUNKEN BUMS OR WE’LL GET RID OF YOU!!”  After that they stormed off in a huff.  
Mitch looked after them for a long time while thoughtfully stroking the leafs of one of his tall sunflower plants.  Slowly he went into his office and took the sheriff’s manual off the shelf.  Just then Cousin Elias came in from the gold fields.  “Whatcha readin’ about?” he asked casually.  
“The Ladies Aid has made it clear that I need to get rid of all the drunken bums all over town.  I was looking to see if there are any laws they are breaking.”  
“Vagrancy,” replied Elias without hesitation.  “That’s what it is.  You can toss ‘em in jail for being vagrants.”  Elias knew this from personal experience, since he had been jailed for being a vagrant in West Virginia.
“Is that so?” said Mitch with renewed interest.  He had never been a vagrant in his life, and didn’t know a thing about it.  He flipped quickly through the pages of the sheriff’s manual, and then started to read.  Suddenly he got excited (something that rarely happened, unless he saw one of his plants in bloom).  “You’re right!  It says right here that one of the sheriff’s duties is to keep vagrants off the streets!  That’s the solution!  I’ll throw all the bums in jail!”
And that’s just what he did.  Or rather, that’s just what he tried to do.  But in no time the cells were all full of leering, staggering or snoring bums, and Mitch had to find extra space for them.  He started putting two or three in each cell, then when the cells were full he put more in the hall, and then more on the floor of his office.  He even had to put several in his own room and then sleep in his office chair, which was very uncomfortable.
But that wasn’t all.  Mitch soon found that he was spending most of his time—other than when he was out rounding up vagrants—in the kitchen, cooking for them all.  The sheriff's manual said vagrancy required only one night in jail, so Mitch would feed them dinner after rounding them all up at night, then feed them breakfast the next morning before letting them out for the day.  (During the day they would lounge around and leer at people and get free soup from the Ladies Aid).  Mitch had to buy almost enough food for an army, getting the money to pay for it from the mayor and town council (which they were very grumpy about).  Poor Mitch spent hours in the kitchen cooking meals, then washing up dishes after the vagrants had all eaten.
When the Ladies Aid found out about all the cooking and dish washing Mitch had to do, they were not sympathetic at all, nor did they offer to help.  “That’s just what we have to do every day of our lives, to feed our lazy husbands!” they cried.  The mayor and town council weren’t sympathetic either and refused to help Mitch, since they hated cooking and washing dishes almost as much as they hated losing money.
It wasn’t long before Mitch found that he just couldn’t keep up with it all.  The number of loafers in town increased almost every day.  Every time Mitch stepped out of his sheriff’s office, he would see a dozen more sleeping on the boardwalks or in the mud by the side of the street.  This was especially true since some of the gold miners had decided to become vagrants after they saw how much easier life would be that way, with free meals and a place to sleep at night that was out of the cold and rain.
The Ladies Aid saw the growing number of vagrants too.  They were so mad, they made the mayor and council members promise to fire Mitch and get in a sheriff who would take care of the problem if he didn’t have it fixed in two days.
Now the saloon keeper was ecstatic.  “I’ve finally done it!” he cried, as he passed out more free drunks to a large group of bums who had just arrived in town.  “I don’t know why on earth I didn’t think of it before!  Why try to get rid of the sheriff with gunfighters or knife throwers when laziness and drunkenness will do the job!”  And with that, he took a large swig of one of his own drinks, and decided he might try being a bum himself for a night, just to aggravate Mitch by being put in jail.
The mayor and council members were starting to get excited too.  Over the last few weeks they had been getting grumpier and grumpier because of all the money they had to pay to buy food for the growing number of bums in town.  But now they knew that in two days, when they fired Mitch, Broken Jaw Junction would be restored to a blood bath, which would drive out both the lazy bums and the Ladies Aid—and they wouldn’t have to pay out any more money for food!
The light in the sheriff’s office was on late into the night after the mayor gleefully told Mitch he had only two days to get rid of all the vagrants.  Most people thought it was because he had to get up several times to feed and take care of the dozens of bums sleeping all over the floors, or maybe because their snoring was keeping him awake.  (Their snoring was loud enough to be heard for nearly two blocks).  But they were all wrong …

The next day, the saloon keeper, mayor and council members seemed happier than they had been in a long time.  In fact, the saloon keeper was so ecstatic he decided to give free drinks to everybody all day, to encourage everybody to be a bum.  He tried to talk the mayor and town council into declaring it “Drunken Bum Day,” but they decided that wouldn’t be a good idea with the Ladies Aid still in town.
At lunch time, Mitch approached the mayor and town council with a request for twice as much money to feed the drunken bums that would need dinner that night.  
“Twice as much money!” cried the mayor and council members.  “Are you kidding?!”  Poor Bert Fuddlethief was so shocked at the request that he passed out and fell off his chair.  Several other council members tried to revive him.
“Sorry, sheriff,” the mayor said.  “The town doesn’t have that kind of money.  In fact, we can’t give you any at all!  We’re simply out of cash—you’ve used it all up over the past few weeks to buy food for all these bums.”  (This wasn’t actually true, but the mayor and council members had decided that it would be a waste to give Mitch any more money for food, since he would be leaving in two days).  Then the mayor said with a wicked smile, “Why don’t you go to the Ladies Aid?  They’ll help you, I’m sure”  
“So,” Mitch said calmly, “the town has no more money for food for the people in jail, eh?  None at all?”
“No, but the ladies aid has plenty of soup!” said one of the council members with a smirk.
“Yes, I suppose they do,” replied Mitch with a smile.  “Are you authorizing me to get food from another source to feed people I put in jail?”
“Absolutely!” said the mayor with a tremendous smile of relief.  “That’s what you’ll have to do from now on!”
“I see,” said Mitch quietly.  Suddenly he turned to go.  “Well, I’ll be seeing you,” he said cheerfully.  “Thanks for your help.”  He walked quickly away.
“Why did he thank us for helping him?” asked one of the council members.  “I thought we told him we couldn’t help.”
“Beats me,” said the mayor with a shrug.  Then he smiled cruelly.  “Help or no help, we soon won’t have Sheriff Mitch to worry about any more!”  And with this he kicked a stray cat that happened to be walking by, just to show how happy he was.

After the Ladies Aid angrily told Mitch they wouldn’t give him any food for the vagrants, he spent the day happily working in his garden.  He seemed unaccountably cheerful for a man who was about to lose his job and be run out of town.  He whistled merrily while harvesting a large quantity of cabbages, radishes and onions from his immaculate rows of vegetables.  Meanwhile, Cousin Elias hovered around the garden fence, grumbling and complaining to Mitch about how he would have to leave town and his gold claim when he left with Mitch, which just wasn’t fair.  (He didn’t dare stay in town without Mitch there to protect him)  But Mitch paid no attention to him.
During the late afternoon, Mitch spent an unusually long time in the little kitchen area of the sheriff's office.  He seemed to be banging a lot of pots and bowls and other kitchen utensils in some mysterious project.  Finally, around 6:00 o'clock, he came out onto the boardwalk in front of the sheriff's office with a satisfied look on his face.  It was time to gather up the vagrants for the last time.
Rounding up the vagrants was a process that usually took an hour or two, since there were so many.  A lot of them could usually be found sprawled on the boardwalk in front of the saloon, sleeping off their free drinks.  A few more lounged in front of the Ladies Aid soup shack, while a handful of others planted themselves in front of the houses of the leaders of the Ladies Aid, just to annoy them.  And then there was one fellow who liked to wander the streets and throw rocks at any stray dogs or cats he happened to see, just for fun.
All of the vagrants would complain and grumble about being herded to jail like cattle, but secretly they were always glad to see Mitch coming since they knew they'd get a free dinner and soft bed for the night.  By the time he had them all rounded up and in jail, they would be loudly demanding their dinner and wanting to know what they were going to have.  Usually they were screaming for steak and potatoes, but a few of the more refined buns would ask for caviar or filet mignon.
After getting them all to jail that night, Mitch had to whistle three times before the group quieted enough so he could be heard.  
“Gentlemen,” he began calmly, “I have something special for your dinner tonight.  Something I’m sure you will be very excited about.”  There were lots of cheers and yells and back slapping.  Few things got the loafers more excited than food. 
“Did you finally get some filet mignon?” yelled Freddie Gip.
“Or some chocolate mousse for desert?” cried Joe Fludge.
“Nope,” replied Mitch calmly.  “I've got something far better!”  (There were more cat calls and cheers from the group).  
“And without further ado,” said Mitch turning to his desk where he usually laid out all the food, “here it is!”
With a flourish, he pulled the lid off a large bowl to reveal--A HUGE SALAD!
There was deathly silence as every vagrant stared in shock at the bowl.  Meanwhile Mitch talked on as if there was nothing out of the ordinary.
“This salad is as good as you’d find at any fancy hotel in a big city!  It’s got finely chopped cabbage, radishes, thistle weed leafs, celery, plenty of baby onions and a touch of garlic.” 
“THISTLE WEED LEAFS?!” cried a dozen voices.
“GARLIC?!” cried a dozen others.  
“Yep!” replied Mitch happily.  “Plus baby onions!  You won’t find a tastier salad anywhere!”
“Sheriff,” said Pilpug Slurk in a shaky voice, “This isn’t really dinner, is it?  I mean, this is just a light snack before the regular meal, right?”
“Nope!” said Mitch with a smile.  “This is it!  I mixed in some local wild mushrooms and cactus rinds to give it more of a meaty texture.  I guarantee you won’t feel like eating anything else after this salad!”
“CACTUS RINDS!” moaned most of the loafers.
“This is it?!” said Carl Gruzzle with a whimper.  “That mess is our dinner?”
“You betcha!” said Mitch enthusiastically.  “Who wants the first bowl?”  He grabbed a bowl and scooped some into it.  But not one hand reached out to take it. All of the vagrants just stood staring at Mitch with pathetic, sad looks on their faces.
“No takers?” said Mitch in surprise.  “But you guys are always so hungry when you first get here!”
“Not for that awful stuff!” said young Muddy Spalooza.  “That's what I ran away from home to get away from!”
“Oh, come now!” said Mitch, grabbing a fork and starting to dig in.  “This isn’t awful—it’s delicious!”
“I guess I’ll try some,” said Homer Gutch, reaching out a trembling hand for a bowl.  In a flash Mitch scooped some out for him.  Poor Homer just stared at it for a long time with a pitiful look on his face.
“Go on, Homer,” said half a dozen voices.  “Try it.  Tell us what it tastes like.”
Slowly Homer speared some of the salad onto his fork and then, with a great effort, raised it to his mouth.  All of the vagrants watched him closely, breathless with excitement.  As soon as he had it in his mouth he screwed up his face as if he were in pain, and chewed very slowly, finally swallowing with great effort.
“That answers it for me!” said Burt Flork with a shudder.  “I think I’d rather starve.”
“Me too,” said Marv Nobgob.
“And me,” said Jolly Baluka.
“I don’t know what’s wrong with you boys,” said Mitch casually as he chewed away at his salad.  “This is delicious!  You know, the town council has authorized me to serve salads every meal you’re in jail.  I'd say you fellows are really lucky--you can loaf around all day and then have delicious salad like this every morning and night!”
There was a chorus of groans and angry mumbling from the crowd of vagrants.  Poor Tommy Grup said in a plaintive voice, “You mean, you’re never going to have anything besides salad for our meals here?  Ever?!”
“Nope,” said Mitch, flashing a smile.  “You guys are so lucky!  I'm almost tempted to arrest myself just so I can spend the night in jail and have free, fresh salad from my garden!”
“Let me out!  Let me out!” cried Jolly Baluka.  “I can’t take it!  I don't want to be in jail!”
“Then you’ll have to stop being a vagrant in Broken Jaw Junction, or I’ll bring you in tomorrow," said Mitch casually.  “It’s salad or nothing from now on, even for breakfast if you’re in jail.”
“For breakfast too!” moaned a dozen voices at once.  “No more toast and jam?”
“Nope,” said Mitch happily, still chewing away at his salad.  
“Can't you let me out tonight so I can at least get some soup from the Ladies Aid?" pleaded Jolly.
“Sorry,” said Mitch in a kindly tone.  “You’re the one who broke the law, and you have to pay the price.”
There was a good deal more grumbling and cursing, and vagrants crying, “Please let me out--I promise to be good!” and others begging for some “real food,” but Mitch stood firm.  All through the night the group of vagrants (except for Homer Gutch, who seemed to be sick) sat uncomfortably and stared at the salad bowl and grumbled to each other and listened to each other's stomachs rumble from lack of food.  As for Mitch, he had some more salad—three more bowls full in fact—and then after offering more to the vagrants, he went to bed and slept like a baby.  When he let the vagrants out the next morning they ran in a stampede for the Ladies Aid to get some soup (which was all gone in five minutes).
After that there was such a huge, mass departure of vagrants from town that you could see the dust cloud along the road to Soda Jerk Springs for miles.  They quickly spread the word throughout the whole territory that Broken Jaw Junction was no place to be a vagrant (unless you liked salad with thistle weed leafs and cactus rinds).
The Ladies Aid wrote an official proclamation to the mayor and town council, praising them for having hired such a capable sheriff, and officially withdrawing their demand that Mitch be fired.  They had a hard time delivering it however, since the city leaders were all drowning their sorrows in the saloon, mumbling to themselves about how close they had come to getting rid of Mitch and restoring lawlessness to their town.
As for the poor saloon keeper, he moaned and groaned and grumbled for weeks afterward.  “I told you so!” he would say to anyone who would listen.  “It doesn’t matter what I try, he always gets the best of me in the end.”  Then he would sob and blubber like a baby.  “And I gave away all those free drinks for nothing!!”
And that is how Sheriff Itchy Mitch outsmarted the saloon keeper and got rid of the lazy, no-good loafers with some leafy salad that had a healthy dose of cactus rinds and garlic.


////


Chapter 6 - How Some Bank Robbers Got Stung for their Crimes

One day while Itchy Mitch was weeding tenderly around his watermelon plants (he would stroke them and talk to them while he did it), he was surprised to look up and see the bank president standing nearby.  The poor man seemed very upset and was holding a letter in his hands.
"Sheriff, you've got to help me!" he said unhappily, while running a hand through his hair (or rather, what little hair he had left).  “The Hole in the Hat Gang are on their way to town - and they're going to rob the bank!”
Calmly Mitch set aside his weeding spade and stood up.  “The Hole in the Hat Gang?” he said curiously.  “How do you know they’re coming?  And who are they, anyway?”
“They’re one of the most feared bands of outlaws in the west,” said the bank president with a shiver.  “They’re meaner than a rattlesnake that’s been stepped on by a mule.  They all cut a hole in their hats so they won’t be mistaken for a less mean gang!”
“As for how I know they’re coming, it’s because of this!” said the bank president, thrusting the letter he was holding into Sherriff Mitch's hand.  He then wrung his hands nervously while Mitch read the following note:

April 17, 1877

Dear Mr. Bank President:
Remember to have the bank ready next week like we told you.

Sincerely,

The Hole in the Hat Gang.

P.S. Don't forget the milk and cookies.

Mitch read the letter through twice, then looked up at the bank president, "I'm not sure I understand," he said quietly.  "Why do you think this means they're going to rob the bank?  And what's this about milk and cookies?  I thought you said they were mean."
"That's their courtesy reminder letter about the robbery," said the bank president.  "Even though they are extremely mean and nasty, they are very polite robbers.  Last fall they sent me a letter to let me know they would be coming in the Spring to rob me.  I’ve got it right here."  The bank president pulled a faded, crumpled letter out of his pocket and handed it to Mitch.  It read as follows:

November 13, 1876

Dear Mr. Bank President:

It has come to our attention that the Broken Jaw Junction bank has gone too long without being robbed.  Therefore, as part of our annual robbing tours of banks in your area, we will be stopping in at your bank next spring to rob everything you've got.  (We apologize that we cannot rob you sooner.  However, our schedule of planned robberies is so tight that we could not fit you in until next spring, right after our Christmas vacation break).

Please make sure your bank is ready for our arrival.  We would prefer it if you would exchange most of your coins for paper bills, so our robber bags will not be too heavy.  As an added courtesy, please leave the front door open.  Thank you for so kindly allowing us to rob from you.

Sincerely,

The Hole in the Hat Gang

P.S.  Since it is a long, hot ride to Broken Jaw Junction, please also have some milk and cookies for us at the bank (preferably chocolate chip)

Sheriff Mitch looked up at the bank president and scratched his chin.  Finally he asked, “Are you sure a robber wrote this letter, or is someone playing a trick on you?  Most thieves can't write that well.”
“True enough, but the leader of the Hole in the Hat Gang is a Harvard man.  They say he came out west because he got bored of making an honest living.”  Then the bank president actually beamed with pride.  “It's actually a great honor to get an intent-to-rob letter from The Hole in the Hat Gang.  They are highly respected in the law breaking community.”
"You almost sound like you want them to rob you!" said Mitch.  
The bank president's face instantly changed to a look of fear and worry.  “Heavens no!” he replied.  “They may be polite and respected, but if they rob me I'll be ruined! You've got to stop them!”
“Golly,” said Mitch with a smile, “that seems easy enough.  Since they were silly enough to warn you they were coming, that gives me time to get ready for them.  
Now the bank president really looked scared.  "If only it were that easy!" he said despondently.  "There are six members of the Hole in the Hat Gang, and I don’t see how you can stop them by yourself, even though you’re fast with a gun.  And I doubt you’ll find anyone to help you fight the Hole in the Hat Gang in this town, so you’ll still be facing them alone!”
“Oh, I’m sure I can find some men in town to help me,” said Mitch confidently.  “But if you’re worried, why don’t you just take all your money to the bank in Soda Jerk Springs or some other town.  Or just hide it somewhere so they don't find it, so there won’t be anything to rob when they get here.”
The bank president’s face went white.  “There’s no way I can do that!” he cried.  “You can’t hide your money from the Hole in the Hat Gang!”
“Why not?” asked Mitch curiously.
“No bank within 200 miles will take my money, since they know the Hole in the Hat Gang won’t rest until they find out where I put the money and come and rob them too!  And if I tried to take it west over the mountains to a bigger, safer city bank in San Francisco, or go east to Salt Lake City, they'd catch me and rob me on the way.  Half of the Hole in the Hat Gang take their vacation along the road to San Francisco, and the other half along the road to Salt Lake City!”
"Hmmm..." murmured Mitch as he stooped over to brush an ant from the leaf of one of his tomato plants.  "You could still hide it somewhere around here, couldn't you?"
"Not a chance," said the bank president mournfully, wringing his hands again. "They'd take me instead and torture me until I told where it was hidden.  That's what they did with the bank president in Soda Jerk Springs two years ago.  He lost his mind, poor fellow."
    "I can't believe the Hole in the Hat Gang would resort to torture," said Mitch.  "If they're so polite and respected, and their leader is from Harvard, I can’t see how they would do something so despicable, even if they do claim to be the meanest gang around."
"Oh, they don't use knives or anything common like that to do their torturing," replied the bank president.  "They’re far too sophisticated for that.  They use something much more hideous."  He shuddered, and his face was white.  "I hate to even think about it."
"It can't be that bad," said Mitch.  "What is it?"
The bank president looked furtively around as if he were afraid to even say what it was.  Finally he whispered, "The gang take turns singing 'Home on the Range' to their victims, all day and all night without stopping—and all of them sing off key!!  It's horrible!  Most people crack within 24 hours!" 
With Mitch staring after him in amazement, the bank president went quickly out the door and ran back to his bank, where he began preparing the documents he needed to declare bankruptcy.

Later that day, Mitch told Cousin Elias about the Hole in the Hat Gang and the bank robbery.  As soon as he heard the news, Cousin Elias turned as white as the bank president.  Then he hurriedly started to pack his bags.
"Consarn it!" grumbled Elias while shoving a dirty shirt into his bag.  "I still haven't found any gold, and now I've got to go and leave!"
"Leave?" said Mitch curiously.  "Why?"
Cousin Elias looked at Mitch as if a sunflower had suddenly sprouted out of his head.  "Are you crazy?" he cried.  "There's six members of the Hole in the Hat Gang, and every one of 'em is right handy with a gun.  Even you, fast as you are, can't take them all."
"Well, that’s easy enough to solve," replied Mitch, "If we deputize enough miners and townsmen, there'll be no problem.  The robbers won't dare take on the whole town!"
Cousin Elias smirked, then said, "and just how many townsmen have you been able to deputize so far?"
Mitch coughed apologetically.  "Well," he replied, "it's a curious thing.  I have asked a few men, but they all seem to be busy or sick or going out of town or something.  Old Jed Parker even said he had to stay home and help his wife do the dishes, which seems mighty curious since he hasn't washed himself or taken a bath in over a year!"  
Cousin Elias snorted and turned back to his packing.  "I thought so,” he grumbled.  “Nobody here has any backbone except you.  You can ask 'till doomsday, and you won't get a soul."  He continued to shove his belongings into his bag.  
"That can’t be the case," replied Mitch.  "I'm sure there are solid, courageous men in this town who will be willing to stand with me.  I haven't even asked the mayor or town council members yet."
"Hah!" cried Cousin Elias.  "Those swindlers would give all their money to the Ladies Aid before they'd help you!"
"Well, there's always the federal marshals out of Sacramento," said Mitch offhandedly.  "I sent them a telegram as soon as I found out the Hole in the Hat Gang was coming.  I'm sure they'll show up to help us!"
For the first time a glimmer of hope shone in Cousin Elias' eyes.  "Yeah," he said slowly while a smile began to spread across his face.  "Those guys aren't skeered.  Maybe there's a chance after all."  
Just then there was a knock at the sheriff's door.  Bill Percy stepped into the office and handed Mitch a piece of paper.  “Here’s a telegram for ya sheriff,” he said.  “It says the federal marshals are too busy with the Indians down south to help you fight the Hole in the Hat Gang, and besides, they think it's a local problem you should handle yourself, especially since they can’t stand robbers who sing off key.”  Then Bill added with a quaver in his voice, “and if you're thinking of asking me to help you fight ‘em, I'm about to come down with the two month flu!”  And before Mitch or Elias could say anything, he ran out of the office.  Elias gave Mitch an angry look, then went back to packing his bags.  
“Now, Elias,” Mitch said softly, “Don't let what Bill said get you down.  If you and I go around town asking for help, I’m sure we'll have a good sized group by nightfall.”
Elias shoved the last of his clothes into his bag.  Then he came across the room and put a hand on Mitch's shoulder.  “Cousin Mitch,” he said (and there was a tear in his eye), “you know I love you like a brother.  There’s hardly anything I wouldn't do for you if I could ...”  Elias paused dramatically.
“—except get myself killed in a hopeless fight with the Hole in the Hat Gang!  I resign as your deputy.”  And with that, Elias handed Mitch his badge, grabbed his bag and left the office before Mitch could say a word.  

 Mitch spent the entire afternoon and evening after Elias left trying to find men in town who would help him fight the Hole in the Hat Gang.  However, not one single person agreed to help.  The saloon keeper laughed long and loud in Mitch’s face when he was asked, which is something he loved to do.   He was so gleeful at the idea of Mitch being beaten by the Hole in the Hat Gang that he gave free drinks to every man who refused to help the sheriff (his saloon was full in no time).
The light in Sheriff Mitch's office was on late into the night after all the men in town refused to help him fight the Hole in the Hat Gang.  Some said it was because Mitch was writing a new will leaving his plants (and of course the responsibility to water them) to whoever he thought was most deserving.  Others said he was packing his bags and figuring out where to go after he left Broken Jaw Junction.  But they were all wrong …

The next morning at sunup, a few early risers saw Mitch leave his office and head out of town.  It looked like he was leaving for good.  When the saloon keeper found out, he was so happy at the news that he gave everybody free drinks again that day.  Then he started switching some of his roulette tables back to the way they were before Mitch arrived (so they would cheat people out of their money).  
But the saloon keeper was bitterly disappointed when Mitch came back to town late that afternoon.  He grumpily put a stop to the free drinks (which drove more than half the men in town out of his saloon), and then started to switch his roulette tables back again, grumbling angrily to himself the whole time.  
People noticed as Mitch came back into town that he was carrying a little bag that seemed to have some kind of dust in it.  He went straight to the bank where people could see through the window that he was talking to the bank president and pointing to the bag.  A big smile came over the bank president's face, and then he took Mitch's little bag and disappeared into the vault where all the money was kept.  In a few minutes he came back--still with a big smile on his face--and gave Mitch the bag, which was now empty.  Then Mitch went back to his office to water his cucumber plants, leaving everyone to wonder what was going on.  
A few brave souls asked the bank president about the bag, but he refused to tell them anything.  He just smiled and went back to counting his money.  Since money was the only thing that ever made him smile, the rumor flew around town that the bag Mitch had brought was full of gold dust, and that he was getting some money together to take with him when he left town the following week, before the Hole in the Hat Gang arrived.  Of course, most of the miners were very jealous since they had been digging in the mine fields for months without finding anything.  It didn’t seem fair that Mitch could find a whole bag of gold dust in one morning.
Several days went by, and each day the townspeople noticed that the same thing would happen.  Every morning Mitch would leave early and then come back into town a few hours later carrying a small bag of dust which he would take to the bank.  The bank president would take it into the vault and then come back with a big smile on his face and give Mitch the empty bag.  Other than a strange increase in the amount of bees in town, which liked to swarm around the bank most of all, nothing else happened.  And when some of the jealous miners followed Mitch one morning to see where he was finding all his gold dust, they came back in disgust to report that Mitch had spent the whole time picking wild flowers, and they hadn’t seen any gold dust at all.  They figured he must be filling his little bag with dirt and tricking the bank president into thinking it was gold.  
Now you would think, since everyone knew a bank robbery was about to happen, that they would have rushed over to take all their money out of the bank so they wouldn't lose it.  But the truth is, everybody was so scared that the Hole in the Hat Gang would find out about it and come to their house and torture them with never-ending songs of 'Home on the Range' that nobody took out even a dime.  Better to lose all your money and die of starvation than to have to listen forever to the Hole in the Hat Gang singing off key. 
After more than a week had passed, everyone was surprised that Mitch had not yet left town.  It was starting to look like he was going to actually face the Hole in the Hat Gang alone.  Then on Tuesday morning, a dust cloud was seen approaching the town from the west.  Everyone knew it was the Hole in the Hat Gang coming to rob the bank, yet Mitch still didn’t leave town.  The new undertaker, Ebenezer Snudge, was so excited about soon having his first customer (Sheriff Mitch, of course), that he danced a little jig all the way down to the saloon—where the saloon keeper started to dance it too.  
It wasn’t long until the Hole in the Hat Gang rode into town. They first stopped to wet their whistles at the saloon, where the saloon keeper gave them all free drinks and thanked them for coming to rid the town of its sheriff.  (They wrote down his address so they could later send him a ‘Your Welcome’ card).  Then they went to the bank, where the bank president kindly let them in and showed them to the vault.  He seemed unaccountably happy and smiling for someone who was about to lose all that he owned.  Before he left he made sure to leave some milk and cookies for them to eat after their work was done.  Then he went out so they could have some privacy while they worked.
About that time, Billy Deaver ran over to the sheriff's office to tell Mitch the bank was being robbed.  He found Mitch out back weeding his turnip plants.  When Billy told him the news, Mitch just grunted and went back to his weeding.  Billy went wide-eyed in wonder, then ran all over town telling everyone that the bank was being robbed and they were losing all their money, and Mitch wasn't doing anything about it!
The Ladies Aid were incensed.  They firmly believed that if any lawbreaking was going on the Sheriff should run right over and try to stop it even if that meant he would just get himself killed.  They stormed over to Mitch's office to tell him off, but when they saw him come around the corner carrying the stink flower he had used to turn the saloon back into a school, they decided to come back and tell him another day.
The Hole in the Hat Gang took their time clearing out the vault and then took even longer to eat up all the milk and cookies the bank president had left.  When they finally rode out of town with all the money bags hanging from their horses, they boldly rode right past the sheriff's office.  
Their leader, the Harvard man (no one knew his real name), smirked at Mitch and called out, "Hey, sheriff!  Aren't you going to try to stop us?"  For a minute, Mitch didn't even look up from where he was watering his broccoli plants.  When he finally did he just tipped his hat and said, "I'll be seeing you," and then went back to watering his plants.  The gang all thought that was pretty funny and with shouts and jeers and laughter, they rode out of town.
For Mitch to face the gang and do nothing was too much for the Ladies Aid, stinkflower or no stinkflower.  Three of their most vocal members swarmed over to Mitch's office.
"Well, sheriff!" said Minerva Thudbug in a haughty voice, "why didn't you stop them from robbing the bank?  It's part of your duties, you know."
"Or are you in league with them?" asked Stella Starfungus angrily.  "Why did you say you'd be seeing them?  Are you going to go out and split the money with them?"
Mitch just looked at the ladies calmly while sitting in his watermelon patch, but didn't say a word.  
"Well?!" demanded Eva Fussclotch menacingly.  "Are you just going to sit with your watermelons all day, or are you going to do something?"
"Actually," replied Mitch in a mild voice, "I am.  I'm just waiting for the next bee to fly by."
This answer was so bizarre and unexpected that for thirty full seconds not one of the ladies knew what to say (which was very unusual for them).  Finally, Stella Starfungus thought of a reply that was so horrible it would make even a strong man wilt.  But right as she was about to say it, a bee suddenly landed on her shoulder.
Now there was only one kind of bee these ladies liked, and that was a quilting bee.  So when the ladies saw a real bee land on Stella, they all decided that maybe they'd yell at Mitch some other time, and then they went off screaming down the street (with the bee in hot pursuit).
Mitch calmly went back to weeding in his watermelon patch as if nothing had happened.  But it wasn't long until he saw another bee buzzing by on its way out of town.  Then there was another, and another, and yet another.  Very calmly Mitch put down his spade, saddled his horse, and with some curious onlookers following behind him, he rode out of town on the trail of an ever growing group of buzzing bees. 
Mitch and his curious followers kept tracking those bees across the Nevada desert for half an hour until they finally came to the foot of a small mountain.  It looked like the bees were going on up the mountain, so Mitch and the others tried to look for a way up.  They finally found a rough trail, which was mostly overgrown with weeds.  After following this trail over several rocky ridges and through a thick patch of thorny bushes, they came suddenly into a small clearing with a cabin at one end.  A swarm of angry bees was buzzing in and out of the cabin’s open door and windows, and they could hear screams and shouts from inside.
Suddenly a member of the Hole in the Hat Gang appeared at the door of the cabin.  He was holding a wad of money and was being chased by a swarm of angry bees.  With a scream, he raced across the clearing toward Mitch and the others, with the bees in hot pursuit.
Instantly, Mitch's gun was in his hand.  "Drop the money!" he cried.  The gang member gaped at Mitch as if he had just been asked to cut his hand off.  In the moment he hesitated the bees were all over him, and he dropped the money as if he had been stung (which, of course, he had).  Then he rolled around on the ground swatting at the bees that were crawling all over him, and especially over his hand where he had held the money.
Calmly, Mitch got off his horse and took a large leather sack from his saddlebags, and a pair of thick gloves.  After putting on the gloves, he walked over to where the gang member had dropped the money (which had bees crawling all over it) and quickly popped it into the sack, closing it up quick so no bees could get inside.  Then he leaned over and took the gang member's gun from his holster, which wasn't easy to do since the fellow was still rolling around on the ground, swatting madly at bees.
Just then the Harvard man and the three other members of the Hole in the Hat Gang ran out of the cabin.  Each held wads of money in both hands, and each was surrounded by a cloud of bees.
As soon as the Harvard man saw Mitch he cried, "Sheriff!  Help us!  We'll do anything, even go to jail!  Just help us!!"
"Glad to hear you say that," said Mitch with a yawn.  "Just drop the money on the ground, then drop your guns."  They did it lickety-split—in between swatting at angry bees and yelling when they were stung.  Mitch calmly walked over and took their guns and put the money they had dropped in the leather bag.  
Then he returned to his horse and carefully removed a peculiar, small sack from his saddlebags which he took away from everyone, across the clearing.  They saw him open the sack and take out another little bag, and then remove yet another bag from it.  He quickly opened the last bag, which seemed to have kind of some dust in it, and dumped it on the ground, then jumped back.  Immediately, every bee in the clearing buzzed over to the dust as if they were going crazy.  
Young Tom Hogwater, one of the group that had followed Mitch from town, couldn’t hold back his curiosity any longer.  “What in tarnation is that?” he asked.  “And what have you done to those bees?”
“It’s just a bag of flower pollen,” replied Mitch casually, “just like what bees gather out of flowers all the time.  Bees go crazy over it.”  The Harvard man and his gang stared in amazement at the swarming bees, while Mitch slapped handcuffs on them all.
“You mean, there was flower pollen all over the bank money?” cried the Harvard man.  
“Yep,” replied Mitch with a pleasant smile.  “I’ve been putting it there ever since I heard you and your gang were coming to town.  Thought you fellows might like some company when you opened your money.” 
“Sheriff,” growled the Harvard man, “that’s about the lowest, meanest, dirtiest trick that I ever—ouch!”  He swatted at a bee that had just stung his hand.  Then he and the other gang members started swearing and grumbling at Mitch about how he had tricked them, and there should be a law against being tricked by a sheriff, and about being able to rob fair and square, and other such things.  But Mitch paid no attention.  He just smiled and strung a rope through all the handcuffs, and started leading his prisoners back to town.  
The crowd that had followed him gave a loud cheer, and some of them raced on ahead so they could be the first ones to brag to everyone about what Mitch had done, as if they had been the ones to think of sprinkling flower pollen over all the bank money.  
When Mitch led his prisoners through town and to the jail, he was given a hero's welcome.  There was a lot of hat throwing and back thumping and even a little shooting of guns in the air—until Mitch frowned at those who were doing it, and then their faces went red and they put their guns away.  Even the Ladies Aid surprised everyone by admitting they were wrong about Mitch and that he had done a good job (for the Ladies Aid to admit a mistake was about as rare as sighting a two headed jack rabbit).  
The Hole in the Hat Gang were all put in jail and covered in mud poultices to sooth their many bee stings (which made them all look like walking mud puddles), and a messenger was sent to Soda Jerk Springs to tell Cousin Elias it was safe to come back to town.  And of course, all of the bank money was returned to the bank where the bank president carefully cleaned off all remaining bee pollen and made such a fuss over it you'd think someone had just saved his only child from death.
And that is how Itchy Mitch outsmarted one of the toughest gangs in the old west, and also saved his own skin and everybody else’s money with only a little bit of flower pollen.


////


Chapter 7 - How Some Carrots Stopped a Range War

One hot summer day, Mitch and Elias were lounging in their office trying to avoid the stifling Nevada heat outside.  Mitch was singing to the potted radish plants on his desk while Elias sat across the room wearing earplugs, reading a book called How to Find Gold When Nobody Else Can.  Mitch liked to sing to all his plants to help them grow, but he especially liked to sing to the radishes which seemed to get bigger and redder every time they listened to “O Susannah,” or “She’ll be Comin’ Around the Mountain.”  (Since they were only plants, they couldn’t tell he sang off key).
Suddenly they heard gunfire from the street, followed by running footsteps.  Then a man burst in through the door, his face as white as a sheet.  He dived under Mitch’s desk.
“Sheriff, save me!” the man cried.  “There’s five of ‘em out there and they want to do me in!”  Mitch calmly rose from his desk and went to the window.  He saw five men on horseback in the dusty street, holding pistols and rifles and looking mighty grim.  He recognized them as ranch hands that worked on Gus Bomont’s cattle ranch outside of town.  
Mitch turned back to the man under the desk.  “What’s this all about?” he asked quietly.  
“Rancher Bomont is after me!” wailed the man under the desk.  “He’s been trying to run me off my farm since last spring because I put up a fence so his cows won’t eat my corn or drink from my water hole.  I suppose his cows used to graze on my farm an drink from my water hole before I put up the fence, and I’ll admit I didn’t get his permission before I moved there, but honest, sheriff, I didn’t steal any land from him.  I bought that land from the railroad.  Bomont didn’t own it.  I’ve got my deed right here!”  A hand emerged from under the desk, waving a piece of paper.
Before Mitch could respond, one of the ranch hands from outside yelled, “come on out, you no good squatter!  We know you’re in there!”
“I guess, I’d better go out and take care of these boys,” said Mitch calmly.  “Stay right there.”
“Believe me, I’m not going anywhere,” came the voice from under the desk.
The minute Mitch emerged from his office, the ranch hands nervously moved their hands away from their guns, since none of them wanted to be shot with poison ivy.  But their leader, Julius Gravelface, grumbled, “Sheriff, we know that no-account squatter Joe Slug is hiddin’ in your office.  If you’ll just send him out here, we’ll give him what’s a comin’ to him for stealin’ some of Bomont’s land.”
“You know I can’t do that, Julius,” Mitch said gently.  “Not even if he had done something wrong.  But he says he bought his land from the railroad fair and square and he’s got a deed.”
Julius spat some of the tobacco he had been chewing into the dirt.  “Deed, shmeed!” he replied.  “Our boss, Gus Bomont, has been runnin’ cattle through there ever since he started the Bar Q Ranch 25 years ago.  It’s his land by right of use and no paper deed can change that.  Your squatter friend has got to go!”  
Mitch shook his head.  “That’s not what the law says, Julius.  If that farmer’s got a deed and Gus Bomont doesn’t, then the farmer’s got a legal claim that would win in any court of law in the land.”
Julius scowled.  “We don’t need no court of law to tell us what’s right and wrong.  Our guns are all we need!”
At these words, the other ranch hands all turned white and moved their horses out of Mitch’s line of fire, so Julius was facing him alone.  Suddenly realizing he didn’t have the support of his friends, Julius coughed nervously and said, “but then … uh … I guess there’s a lot to be said fer them courts of law … uhm … you know, I didn’t really mean to say we was gonna use guns against you – I mean, against anyone.  Why don’t we just forget I said anything?  This was just a little misunderstanding.”  And with that, he turned his horse and trotted off down the street, making sure to keep his hands as far away from his guns as possible.  His friends followed after, doing the same.  
Mitch shook his head while watching them go, then went back into his office.
“Are they gone?” came a shaky voice from under the desk.  
“Yep,” replied Mitch.  “You’re safe now.”  Then turning to the jail cell in the corner, Mitch said, “and you can come out too, Elias.”  
With a sheepish look on his face, Elias emerged from under the cot in the cell where he had hidden when he first heard gunfire.  Turning back to the farmer Mitch said, “however, I’m afraid your problems aren’t over and it probably won’t be safe to return to your farm, since Bomont and his ranch hands will probably be there waiting for you.”  
“I can’t go back?” cried Joe Slug.  “How am I supposed to raise my corn if I’m not there?  It’ll wither and die if I don’t water it!”
Mitch flinched.  Few things stirred him more than the suffering of innocent plants.  He scratched his chin.  “There must be something I can do to help your poor corn,” he muttered.  He thought carefully for a moment, while stroking the vine of one of his tomato plants in the window.  Finally, he shook his head and said sadly, “I’m afraid it’s out of my jurisdiction.  I’m sheriff within town limits, but your farm is outside those limits.  I’m not sure there’s anything I can do.”
“What about the federal marshals?” asked Cousin Elias.  “Don’t they have jurisdiction over the whole territory?  They could help.”
Mitch’s face brightened.  “Of course!  Why didn’t I think of that?  I’ll send them a telegram right away!  What a great idea!”  He darted out the door and headed for the telegraph office.
But two hours later, farmer Slug and Mitch were back in the office with glum looks on their faces.  A telegraph from the federal marshals sat on the desk, which read as follows:

Dear Sheriff Mitch.  Stop.  Cannot come to area around Broken Jaw Junction.  Stop.  Lost half our Marshals last time we got involved in a fight over land between ranchers and farmers.  Stop.  However, there is one thing we can do.  Stop.  We hereby confer on you and your deputy the authority to enforce the law outside Broken Jaw Junction until you settle the dispute, the same as if you were federal marshals.  Stop.  Good luck.  Stop.  You’ll need it.  Stop.

The minute the telegraph arrived, Cousin Elias had turned a deathly shade of gray, and then had hurriedly started packing.  He was now nearly finished, and was grumpily stuffing his last few dirty socks into his saddlebags.  Meanwhile Mitch sat behind his desk deep in thought, and farmer Slug sat fidgeting in the corner.
“C’mon, Cousin Mitch,” said Elias.  “If we hurry we can still catch the 3:00 o’clock stage and save ourselves the long horse ride to Soda Jerk Springs.”
Before Mitch could reply, farmer Slug wailed, “You can’t just go and leave me!  Those Bar Q ranch hands will chop me up for dinner!  They’ll burn all my corn!”  Mitch winced at the mention of burning corn, but replied calmly, “No need to worry, Mr. Slug.  Now that the federal marshals have given me authority to deal with this problem, I’ll see it through, come what may.”  He gave Elias a sharp look.  “And, I trust I’ll have my deputy at my side?”
“Nope,” said Elias without hesitation.  “Your ex-deputy will be in Soda Jerk Springs by tonight.”  He looked sadly at Mitch.  “C’mon, Mitch,” he said imploringly.  “There’s no way you can face all those ranch hands and come out alive, even though you’re fast with a gun.  But if you leave now, you can get out with your hide still intact.”
Mitch shook his head.  “You know I can’t do that.  I must fulfill the public trust.  I’m sure there’s a way to solve this without bloodshed – and it’s our job to find it!”
“It’s hopeless,” replied Elias.  “How’re ya gonna convince a rancher who’s used the same waterhole and feeding grounds for over 20 years to suddenly give it up to a new, upstart farmer, and let his cows die?”
“But it isn’t fair for him to have my land!” yelled farmer Slug.  “It took all the money I’d saved for the last five years to buy it!  I can’t just walk away from it!”
“Hmmm … “ said Mitch while he stroked his chin.  “It does look like an impossible problem … but there’s got to be a way!”  With a look of determination on his face, he got up and headed for the door.
“Where are you going?” asked farmer Slug.
“To talk with Gus Bomont,” replied Mitch, “to see if we can work something out.”
“You’re crazy!” yelled Elias after him.  “He’s got over three dozen ranch hands!  You won’t come out alive!”  But Mitch was already half way down the street. 
Farmer Slug turned to Elias and said reproachfully, “Why don’t you go help him?  After all, he’s your cousin!  With your help, maybe he could come back alive!”
“Me?!” exclaimed Elias.  “Are you crazy?  I don’t want to end up in Boot Hill.  Those ranch hands have guns, and they know how to use them!”  Then Elias gave farmer Slug a sly smile, and asked, “Why don’t you go help him.  After all, it’s your farm he’s trying to save.”
Farmer Slug suddenly started to fidget.  “Me?!” he asked innocently.  “Well (cough, cough), actually I’m plum worn out from being chased into town by those ranch hands.  Before I could even think about doing something like that, I’d need a little shuteye in this nice, safe jail cell.”  And with this, farmer Slug locked himself in a cell and hid under the blanket on the cot.  
Cousin Elias snorted in disgust, grabbed his stuffed saddlebags, and strode from the office.  

It’s a lucky thing Gus Bomont was in town that day, since even Mitch couldn’t have outgunned all of Bomont’s cowboys if he’d gone out to the Bar Q Ranch.  But Bomont just happened to be at the saloon with only a few of his ranch hands—the same ones that had chased Farmer Slug to the sheriff’s office.  
Bomont was a big man, with a harsh face that looked like it had been carved out of granite.  No one in living memory had ever crossed him and lived to tell about it.  When Mitch arrived, he was sitting at a table in the middle of the saloon, looking as if he were in a bad mood.  Anyone else would have turned around and walked back out the door once they saw him looking like that, but Mitch headed straight for Bomont’s table without the least hesitation.
“Gus,” said Mitch as he took a seat at Bomont’s table in the saloon, “I understand you’re trying to run Joe Slug off his farm.”
The saloon, which had been noisy and active up to that moment, suddenly became so quiet you could have heard a pin drop.  It was the first time anyone remembered seeing someone challenge Bomont to his face, and they expected fireworks.  At first, Bomont’s ranch hands moved their hands toward their guns – until they saw who had spoken to their boss.  Then they moved their hands as far away from their guns as possible.
Bomont stared at Mitch for a minute.  Then his harsh face slowly broke into a smile—a harsh, wicked smile—and he put down his drink.  In a smooth, deep voice he asked, “Now sheriff, whatever gave you that idea?”
“Joe Slug himself,” replied Mitch.  “He’s at my office now.  He was chased there by five of your ranch hands.”
Julius Gravelface and the other ranch hands standing at the bar started to fidget and look nervous.  But Bomont just laughed gently, a cruel laugh without humor.  “There must be some mistake,” he said quietly.  “My boys just wanted to talk with Joe about the old water hole next to the farmhouse he built.”  Then Bomont added icily, “The waterhole my cows have been drinking at for over 20 years, until he put up that fence!”
Several onlookers in the saloon shifted nervously.  Every eye in the saloon was glued on Bomont and Mitch, waiting to see if something exciting would happen.  You couldn’t have paid them to leave.
“Now, Gus,” Mitch said calmly, “I understand you may not be very happy about what’s happened to your water hole.  But Slug does have legal title to the property that would stand up in any court of law.”
Bomont’s face turned purple.  “I have title by right of use!” he said firmly, pounding his fist on the table so hard it made his drink jump an inch in the air.  There was a tense moment in which it looked like he might turn the whole table over on top of Mitch.  Then with a visible effort, he brought himself under control, his face slowly turning back to a normal color.  He smirked and said gruffly, “Now, now, sheriff.  This isn’t your concern.  You only have jurisdiction here in town, and that property is way out in the country.  If Slug has a legal claim to that land, that’s his concern, not yours.” 
“The federal marshals just gave me jurisdiction over the countryside and authorized me to handle this problem for them,” replied Mitch matter-of-factly.  “So it is my problem and I intend to deal with it!”  
The tension and excitement in the air was now so thick you could have cut it with a knife.  Bomont’s face turned purple again with suppressed rage.  His ranch hands starting worrying he would tell them to draw on Mitch, since they knew there weren’t enough of them to take him, and none of them wanted to end up in jail, scratching their itches all night.  Some of the miners in the room were so excited they were hopping from one foot to the other as if they needed to go to the bathroom.  (Mining is very dull work, so they were happy to be part of the excitement, even if they had nothing to do with it).
Suddenly Bomont broke the tension by laughing again, a big hearty laugh that still didn’t have any humor in it.  Turning to the bartender, he called out, “Hey, Charlie, we’ve got a great funny man for a sheriff!  Bring him a drink—on me.”
“No thanks,” said Mitch quickly.  He smiled self-consciously.  “I appreciate the offer, but I only drink carrot juice with a little celery mixed in.  You should try some.  It tastes much better than anything here in the saloon!”
Bomont stared at Mitch as if he had just sprouted a purple petunia out of his nose.  Everyone else was staring too.  They all knew that Mitch was peculiar and had a strange fondness for vegetables and gardening, but they had never heard of a man actually admitting in a saloon that he drank carrot juice instead of alcohol.  After recovering from their shock, many were tempted to laugh out loud—but didn’t of course, since they didn’t want to land in jail.
“Yes … well…” said Bomont, trying to recompose himself.  He coughed politely.  “I suppose carrot juice is fine too …”  Then he said, “You know, sheriff, maybe you’re right about Joe Slug.”
Some of Bomont’s ranch hands nearly dropped their drinks, they were so shocked at what their boss was saying.
Bomont continued.  “Maybe I’ve been a little hasty about sending the boys after him.  I guess that wasn’t very neighborly.”  He paused while everyone stared at him bug-eyed in disbelief.  “Why don’t you tell Joe to go on back to his farm and I promise we won’t hurt him.”
Mitch looked shrewdly at Bomont.  “What about the other new farmers out there?  Burt Leach, Thad Stinch and Barton Jergle?”
“I promise I won’t hurt them either.  They’ll be perfectly safe.”  
“And what about their farms?” asked Mitch.
“Now, sheriff,” replied Bomont in a milk and honey voice, “I’ve promised their safety.  What more do you want?”
Mitch’s face hardened.  “You’ve got to also guarantee that their farms and crops will not be harmed in any way.”
“But sheriff,” Bomont said with a sly grin, “how can I guarantee that?  It’s wild country out there!  Anything could happen!”
 “Let me repeat,” said Mitch icily, “you’ve got to promise me you won’t do anything to any of their farms!”
“Me?!” said Bomont innocently.  “Of course I won’t do anything to their farms.  But I can’t control things like lightning strikes, earthquakes or cattle stampedes caused by rattlesnakes!”
Bomont’s ranch hands were grinning broadly.  Now they knew what their boss was up to.  It was a big country out there, and anything could happen—and if they weren’t seen doing it to the farmers, who could prove it was them?
“I see,” said Mitch curtly.  “So you’re not going to promise anything other than their personal safety.  And I can expect things to happen on their farms.”
“Things?” said Bomont in mock surprise.  “What things?  I don’t know what you mean.”  He smiled sweetly.  “You know, it is a wild country out there, and I can’t spend all my time watching over those farms just so I won’t be blamed for anything that might happen to them.  After all, I’ve got a cattle business to run.”
Mitch gave Bomont a hard look.  Then he rose to leave.  “All right, then.  If that’s the way you want to play the game.  But you’re asking for trouble.”
“Asking for trouble?” said Bomont, raising his eyebrows.  “That almost sounds like a threat.”  He gave Mitch a shrewd look.  “Are you going to accuse me if anything happens out there to those farmers, even without any proof?  You wouldn’t to that, would you sheriff?  After all, the law requires evidence, doesn’t it?” 
The room was deathly quiet as the two men stared at each other.  Finally, Mitch let out a slow breath and said quietly, “No, I wouldn’t do that.  The law needs proof.”  Then he turned and strode from the room. 
As soon as he was gone, everyone cheered and yelled and grinned and slapped each other on the back about how Bomont had outsmarted Sheriff Mitch.  The saloon keeper was so happy that he grabbed Bomont’s hand and shook it hand so hard that you could hear the bones pop.  Then he went over and sat in the corner and cried quietly, out of sheer joy.

 When Mitch got back to his office, he found Joe Slug lounging in his chair with his feet propped up on the desk, dangerously close to Mitch’s potted tomato plants.  In embarrassment, the farmer hastily hopped out from behind the desk, nearly knocking over the tomatoes in the process.  Mitch gave him a look that would have wilted fresh lettuce.
"Sorry," Joe said, red faced.  Then, to change the subject, he asked, "So what did Bomont say?"
"He made it clear he won't leave your farm alone, although he promised he wouldn't hurt you or the other farmers personally," said Mitch.
"But what about my crop?!" cried Joe.  "If they won't leave my farm alone, how am I going to raise it?  If I lose my crop I'll go broke and lose the farm, and have to move away!"
"I know," replied Mitch grimly.  "And that's just what Bomont intends.  And in that big open country out there, finding actual proof that he hurt your farm will be pretty hard."
"Then all is lost!" moaned Joe, sinking into a different chair and putting his face in his hands.  "I might as well go back to Tulsa and my old dish-washing job at the 'Greasy Goblet.'
"We haven't lost yet," said Mitch in a tight voice.  "Don't give up.  I'm sure we'll find a way out of this ..."  He stroked his chin, deep in thought.  Suddenly he looked around curiously.  "Where's my Cousin Elias?"
"He took off half an hour ago," replied Joe.  "Said he'd send out a nice grave stone for you once it's all over."
With a sad smile Mitch said, "poor Elias.  If he gets lost in that desert, he's going to need the grave stone himself!" 

The light was on late into the night at Sheriff Mitch's office after his talk with Bomont at the saloon.  Some said it was because Joe Slug was playing cards with the other farmers (Burt Leach, Thad Stinch and Barton Jergle) who had showed up around nightfall to save their hides.  Others said the farmers wouldn't stay up that late since they're so used to getting up early to milk their dairy cows, and that the light was on because Mitch was either making his funeral arrangements or searching through old newspapers looking for another job.  
But they were all wrong … 

The next morning, Mitch left town early, heading off to the southwest.  He left the four farmers in his office (each one had taken over his own jail cell in order to be more comfortable) with strict instructions to water his zuchini and tomato plants, but without a word about where he was going.  
He didn't come back until the next day in the afternoon, leading a pack mule with several mysterious parcels tied to its back.  When asked what was in the sacks, he just smiled and then carefully watered his potato and cucumber plants in the garden next to his office.  
That evening Mitch asked the farmers to go over to the saloon to see if Bomont was there.  
"You gonna go talk with him again?" asked Bart Jergle.  “His men are bragging all over town about how he out smarted you the last time!"
"Actually," said Mitch, "I don't want to talk to him--I want to talk to his horse." 
"His horse!!" exclaimed the three farmers.  They stared at Mitch with their mouths open as if a cactus had just sprouted out of his ear.  But Mitch just smiled, picked up his watering can, and headed outside to water his cauliflower plants.
"Do you think the sheriff's finally flipped?" asked Burt Leach.
"Probably ate too many radishes," said Thad Stinch.
"And if he’s flipped, that means there's no hope for our farms," moaned Joe Slug.
"Now fellas," said Bart Jergle, "don't forget, Sheriff Mitch outfoxed those bank robbers with flower pollen!  Maybe he's got some idea in mind to help us.  Lets go see if Bomont is at the saloon like he asked."
With a good deal of grumbling the others agreed.  Fifteen minutes later they reported back to Mitch in his garden that Bomont was at the saloon with a lot of his ranch hands, celebrating how they had beaten the sheriff, and enjoying free drinks from the saloon keeper.  Bomont’s horse was tied out front.
"Good," said Mitch simply.  Setting down his watering can, he went over to his carrot patch and began to harvest a few of the bigger ones.  Once he had a few he headed for the kitchen next to his office.  Without a word the farmers followed and watched as he grated the carrots into a metal bowl.  Mitch picked up the bowl and a metal spoon, smiled at the farmers, and said casually, "Well, see you later.  I've got a horse to talk to."  
Then he was gone.
There was silence among the farmers for a moment.  Then Thad Stinch mumbled "too many radishes," and the four went back into the office to talk about what they should do now that Mitch had lost his marbles.
For the next four days the farmers stayed at Sheriff Mitch's office.  Every evening Bomont and his ranch hands came into town to spend some time at the saloon where they were treated as heroes.  And every evening, Mitch harvested and grated some carrots, then left with the bowl and a spoon to talk to Bomont's horse.  Rumors were flying around town that Mitch had flipped his lid, and that it was only a matter of time until the mayor and town council fired him and the town was returned to chaos.  Meanwhile, the saloon keeper went around town with such a big smile on his face, it was surprising his face didn't crack.
Finally, a week after the showdown between Mitch and Bomont at the saloon, Mitch called the four farmers out of their jail cells and announced that they were all going out to Joe Slug's farm.
"But we'll get run off!" cried Thad Stinch.
"Yeah," said Joe.  "Those ranch hands are probably watching for us to come back.  And they've probably already taken their cows across my corn patch to reach the watering hole."
Mitch winced at the mention of trampled corn, but raised his hand for silence.  "I know it seems impossible, but we're going out there to take care of this problem.  I think I've got an idea that should work.  And we're going to Joe's farm because it is closest to Bomont's ranch and will be the first one he acts against."  No amount of begging by the farmers would make Mitch change his mind or convince him to tell anything about his plan. 
Within the hour, Mitch and the farmers headed out of town for Joe Slug's farm.  When they got there they were surprised to see that Bomont hadn't done anything yet to destroy it.  (Apparently he had been too busy coming into town every day to celebrate.)  Joe Slug kept running around with his mouth open, shouting about how nothing had been touched and his crops were still all alive. 
Then Mitch did something that was absolutely bizarre.  He grated some carrots into a metal bowl he had brought, grabbed a spoon, and then told the farmers he'd soon be back with Bomont to talk over the solution to their problem.  The farmers stared at him bug-eyed in astonishment, but before they could ask why he was crazy enough to want to bring Bomont there, he was gone.  
"Now, what in tarnation do you think the sheriff's thinkin', to bring Bomont here?" asked Bart Jergle.
"He'll come with all his ranch hands and trample all my corn!" said Joe Slug mournfully.
"We'll be mobbed!" cried Thad Stinch.  "Bomont will probably go back on his word to not hurt us personally, since out here no one will know the difference!"
"Maybe the sheriff's on their side after all," said Burt Leach.  "He's bringin' 'em here to put pressure on his to give up our farms!"
With this depressing thought, the farmers grew silent and waited glumly for Mitch and the ranchers to return and their doom to be sealed.
Time passed.  The day grew hot (all days grow hot in the Nevada desert, even in December).  Other than the occasional yip of a coyote or the rustle of a tumbleweed as the wind blew it by, there was no sound at all.  The sun dragged across the sky while the afternoon slowly passed.  After awhile, even the wind stopped blowing.  Everything was dead.  In spite of their sense of impending doom, it was so hot and silent that the farmers all started to doze a little on the couch and chairs in Joe Slug’s living room.
Suddenly the front door swung open with a bang.  The farmers all jumped.  Mitch strode into the room and said cheerfully, "Bomont will be here any minute, and he won't be very happy.  But we'll have a nice little talk and get this whole problem settled."
The farmers’ faces went white, and Burt Leach dived behind the couch.  But before they could do or say anything else, they heard the pounding of horse's hoofs rapidly approaching, which came to a sudden stop right outside the front door.  Suddenly Bomont's voice boomed out—“What's going on here!  And what's happened to my horse?!"
The farmers stood paralyzed in terror, while Mitch just stood by the window smiling.  "Right on schedule," he said happily.  "He'll be in ranting and raving any second."  Mitch smiled calmly at the farmers who were now trembling down to their boots.
The front door banged open again, as Bomont strode into the room.  "What's this all about?!" he cried in a voice so loud that even the windows shook.  On seeing Mitch, his eyes narrowed, and he said suspiciously, “What are you up to, sheriff?  And what did you do to my horse?”
“Your horse?” said Mitch innocently.
“Yes, my horse!!” bellowed Bomont, his face purple with suppressed rage.  “I was peacefully riding the range when suddenly it pricked up its ears as if it heard something.  Then it took off like a bolt of lightning, and ran so fast I could hardly stay on.  My ranch hands probably thought I was crazy.  I didn't even have time to call to any of them to follow me, and none did."  
The farmers each breathed a sigh of relief that Bomont hadn't brought any ranch hands with him.  But they were still shaking in their boots because of Bomont himself.  Sheriff Mitch however was perfectly relaxed.
"I'm glad you could make it to our little meeting, Mr. Bomont," the sheriff said pleasantly.  "I just thought it might be nice for us to all get together and have a little chat."
"A LITTLE CHAT?!" bellowed Bomont so loud that some of the shingles on the roof blew off.  "I'm not going to 'chat' to a bunch of squatters about how they stole my land!"  He turned and strode through the door, slamming it so hard behind him that some of the bricks in the fireplace were shaken lose.
The farmers breathed a collective sigh of relief, but Mitch only beamed all the broader and picked up his spoon and metal bowl full of grated carrot.  As they listened to the hooves of Bomont's horse pounding away, Mitch stepped to the door.  
"No need to fret," he said calmly.  "He'll be right back."  Then Mitch opened the door, pounded and scraped the spoon on the metal bowl, and even poured some grated carrot on the doorstep.  Immediately they heard Bomont's horse turn and gallop back to the house with Bomont yelling and cursing all the way.
In a minute the rancher was back in the room, his face almost blue with rage.  "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO MY HORSE?!!" he blared in a voice that cracked a few windows and made the couch tip over (with Burt Leach still behind it).  Mitch just smiled and said, "nothing."  
"What do you mean 'nothing?'" cried Bomont.  "That's the best trained stallion on my ranch and its always obeyed me until now.  What did you do to make it turn against me?"
"It just likes carrots," said Mitch simply.  "I've been giving it grated carrots for the last few days while you were in the saloon, and I guess it developed a taste for them."
Bomont stared blankly at Mitch for a moment.  "Grated carrots?" he repeated dumbly.  "You bewitched my horse with carrots?"
"Yep," said Mitch with a smile.  "Truth is, most horses can't resist grated carrots.  They go crazy with joy when they know they’re going to get some.  Your horse will come running if he hears me scraping this bowl, no matter where he is."
Bomont scowled fiercely for a moment.  Finally he said, "so you trapped me here, eh?  By bewitching my horse with carrots so I can't ride it home.  And I don't have any of my hands with me!"
"That's right," said Mitch with a grin.  "I just wanted to make sure you wouldn't walk out on our little chat."
"There you go about chatting again!" yelled Bomont.  "I don't want to chat, especially with these land thieves!"  Bomont jerked his thumb at the four farmers shivering in the corner.
"Well, you are free to leave," said Mitch innocently.  "Although it's a long walk back to your ranch on foot."
Bomont's face twisted in rage.  But finally he sighed in resignation and dropped into a chair with a grunt.
"O.k., sheriff," he said heavily, "You've got me cornered.  I admire a man who can do that to me.  I'll listen to what you've got to say, but I won't promise anything, and I especially won't make any deals that force me to give up my land!"
"Well, let me tell you my plan," said Mitch cheerfully.  He then reached behind one of the chairs in the room and pulled out one of the mysterious sacks the farmers had seen him bring to town a few days before.  "This, gentlemen, is a special type of feed grain that cows just love.  Under my plan, Joe Slug will plant a swath of this grain 30 feet wide all the way around his farm.  That way, if any of Bomont's cows come up to the farm they'll have as much to eat as if the farm wasn’t here, since it only had a little bit of grass and sagebrush for them to graze on before Joe Slug came anyway.  
"Hmmm ..." murmured Bomont, rubbing his jaw.  "I suppose that might work.  But what about the water hole?" 
"I did a little testing on that hole," replied Mitch.  "I found out that it's part of a natural underground spring that goes all the way underneath this whole part of the country.  They call that an aquafir.  So if you'll all pitch in—both farmers and cow hands—and help dig a new well about half a mile to the west, that will create a new water hole for the cattle while leaving this one here for Joe's farm.  There's more than enough water for both places!"
"Golly!" said Joe in surprise.  "I guess that would take care of the problem."
"Now, wait a minute," said Bomont.  "I still haven’t agreed to anything!  Just who is going to pay for this special feed grain anyway?  It must cost a bit if it's that special."
"You’re going to pay, obviously," replied Mitch, "since your cows will be eating it.  On the other hand, Joe will be planting and irrigating the grain.  He'll do all the work to make it grow."
"I don't want to pay for grain," complained Bomont.
"And I don't want to spend my work time growing grain his cows are going to eat!" complained Joe.
"Would you rather go back to fighting each other?" replied Mitch.  "That takes even more time, work and money.  Besides, the grain only costs $5.00 a sack, and it grows like a weed.  It won't take much money or time to make it grow."
"Well," grumbled Bomont, "maybe that's not too bad.  Maybe that could actually work."
"I suppose so," agreed Joe reluctantly.
"And of course," added Mitch, "if either of you fails to do what you agreed to, you'll give up all claim to the land in question.  That should give both of you enough motivation to do your duty."
After a bit more grumbling, Bomont and Joe shook hands on the deal.  They even smiled at each other.  Then the other farmers agreed to grow the special grain around their farms and to help dig the new well for Bomont's cattle.  After that everybody just stood there and stared at each other in amazement that their problem had been solved so easily.  Bomont even slapped all the farmers on the back and would have started chatting with them about farming conditions if Mitch hadn’t started offering everyone grated carrots.   After the first offer, Bomont left immediately for his ranch, but promised the farmers he would return to talk with them another day.
And that is how Sheriff Mitch settled the range war between the ranchers and farmers with some special grain, and a little bit of grated carrot in a metal bowl.


////


Chapter 8 - How Some Garlic Captured the Cattle Rustlers

Broken Jaw Junction was once again a peaceful place.  With the range war between the farmers and ranchers solved and all of the ruffians run out of town, things were absolutely dull.  Cousin Elias showed up in town again acting rather sheepish, and went back to his unsuccessful efforts at panning for gold.  Mitch's garden was growing like a weed, except of course he allowed no weeds in it.  Things were so peaceful that the saloon keeper was ready to go out of his mind, and the Ladies Aid were ready to help him do it by holding a charity bazaar in front of his saloon.
But the west was still wild and it wasn't long before there was new trouble brewing that threatened the peaceful little town.
One morning the people in Broken Jaw Junction woke up to find the town swarming with Bomont's ranch hands.  Each one of them wore a grim face and packed a gun at his side, and several of them bought extra ammunition.  At first people thought there must be new trouble between Bomont and the farmers, but when Bomont showed up at the saloon he set the record straight.
"It’s rustlers," he said grimly.  "They took 100 head of my cattle from the box canyon on the east range, over where I just let the cows feed without having to pay my hands to watch 'em.  So now I'm going after 'em."  Then he added with a cruel laugh, "Them rustlers are gonna wish they'd never been born!"
In a short time, Bomont and his ranch hands left town in a cloud of dust and barking dogs.  Throughout that long, hot day, everyone waited anxiously for their return, gleefully wanting to find out what they had done to the rustlers once they caught them.
As for Mitch, no one even bothered to ask for his help or his opinion.  In fact, Cousin Elias chortled happily that this was one fight they didn't have to get into.
"Well," Mitch said dryly, "looks like that’s true, at least for now.  If the rustlers come into town, I'll have to take them in.  But I don’t have authority to enforce the law outside town limits now that the range war is over." 
"Well, there’s not much chance the rustlers are going to come into town," laughed Cousin Elias.  Then he looked at Mitch suspiciously.  "You said we wouldn't get involved 'for now.'  You're not thinking of getting into this fight, are you?  That would be just plum crazy!"
Mitch smiled.  "No need to worry," he said as he picked up his watering can and headed for the door.  "No one even asked for our help, and it looks like Bomont and his ranch hands will take care of the problem, although I don’t think I want to know how.  Anyway, it's time to water my cucumbers.  They've been looking a little under the weather."  And then he went out to his garden, leaving Cousin Elias still wondering if he should feel relieved or worried about what Mitch had said.

Bomont and his riders came straggling into town that evening looking like they'd been dragged backwards through a cat fight.  None of them were very talkative, since no cowboy likes to admit he’s been outfoxed.  All they would say is that they had 'chased the robbers far and long,' that they 'nearly had the weasels cornered,' but in the end 'the blasted thieves barely got away.'  What this really meant was that they never even got close to the rustlers, and that they rode around in circles in the hot Nevada sun all day.  But of course, no one in town who valued his life was going to say that to their face.
A quiet week went by in which the only thing that changed were the ranch hands' stories of how much closer they had come to catching the rustlers than what they had said before.  Meanwhile, every time Bomont came to town he was so tight-lipped and fuming mad over having lost 100 cows that no one dared to even talk to him.
And then it happened.  Nine days after the first rustling, the town woke up again to find a swarm of Bomont ranch hands lining the streets, carrying so many guns it looked like they were going to a war.  They were all pretty glum and quiet too, and it took awhile to find out from them that another 50 head of cattle had been rustled the previous night--from the stockade next to Bomont's ranch house, right under his nose!  Bomont was so furious his face remained purple all morning and no one even dared look at him for fear of being withered in his tracks.  
But brave and determined as the ranch hands looked when they raced out of town in a cloud of dust and screeching cats that morning, they didn't have any better luck in their hunt for the rustlers.  This time when they limped into town at dusk they were so glum and grumpy, they didn't even bother pretending that they had come close to catching the rustlers.  They just didn't say anything at all.
Early the next morning there was a quiet knock on Sheriff Mitch's door.  Mitch was already up (since his pea plants preferred to be watered early) and when he opened the door was surprised to see rancher Bomont standing in front of him, looking madder than an unmilked cow.
"Can I come in?" Bomont asked gruffly.  Without waiting for an answer he shoved his way into the office and dropped into a chair.  Before Mitch could utter a word, Bomont said, "Sheriff, I need your help."  Although his voice was harsh, he sounded tired and defeated.  "Yesterday, my boys and I followed the rustlers' trail 'till we hit Hard Rock Canyon where it disappeared.  As you know, it's solid rock for two miles up that canyon and it’s impossible to find any tracks in there.  We checked every opening out of the canyon right up to its end, but didn't find a thing.  Looks like they've found some kind of secret passage out of there, but we searched high and low and we couldn't find it.  You know how those canyons are out there—you can be looking right at a passage or a tunnel and not even see it, because those walls curve around so much and they all look the same."
"I know," agreed Mitch.  "Sounds like maybe you need a professional tracker."  
"True enough," admitted Bomont.  "But that's not my main worry."  He paused, a black look on his face.  Then with an effort, he said, "I’m loyal to my men.  Always have been.  Can’t think of any of them that I wouldn’t trust with my life.  But now I’m starting to wonder…”  He paused, then said quietly, “It looks like this was an inside job, by one of my own boys."  
Mitch whistled softly.  Bomont continued.  "I figure one of my own hands must be feeding information to an outside gang.  I don't know how else they could have known right when to take those 50 head of cattle from the stockade next to the ranch house without anyone being around to see.  Normally somebody’s always there, but that night we all got called out to the south range to help with a stampede."
"So the rustlers probably started the stampede to get everyone away from the ranch," said Mitch.
"Probably,” agreed Bomont.  “But that still aint all.  As you know, all my cows are branded with the "Bar B" brand.  (This was in the days before Barbie dolls were invented, so Bomont was not embarrassed to have the 'Bar B' brand)  "That's a B with a bar above it.  I didn't figure they could re-brand my cows in a way that you wouldn't know it's really a Bar B cow."
"But last week in Reno, I saw a cow I swear was one of mine--a mangy thing with one ear half chewed off by a coyote when it was just a calf.  The brand on that cow was fresh, and this is what it looked like."
Bomont pulled a worn paper from his pocket and unfolded it on Mitch's desk.  It had the following diagram:

"Hmmm ... " murmured Mitch.  "So they added a circle above the B by using the bar, then added eyes, ears and a tail to make some kind of critter."
"The 'fat cat' brand," Bomont replied.  "At least, that's what the guy in Reno said who claimed to be the cow’s owner.  He said it was from his new ranch in California.  When I said it looked like my cow re-branded, he just laughed and said it couldn't have been.  That guy had a whole herd of cows with brand new 'fat cat' brands—cows that looked just like mine.”
“I made him come along with me to talk with the sheriff about it, but I couldn't get the sheriff in Reno to believe it was my cow.  That guy was just laughin' at me the whole time, and I couldn't do a thing about it."  The piece of wood Bomont had been fiddling with in his hands snapped in two, and Bomont's face was flushed.
"I see," said Mitch.  "So it looks like they're a big outfit and they're using one of your hands to find out what cows are unguarded.  Then they sneak in and take them, and lead them up Hard Rock Canyon where you can’t track them, then escape out a secret pass.  A pretty slick operation."
"Yep," replied Bomont glumly.  "And I need you to help me nab 'em, ‘cause I know they'll strike again."
"I'd be glad to," Mitch said with a smile.  "But as you know, I only have jurisdiction here in town, so I don't know how much I can do for you."
"Well," said Bomont with a slightly embarrassed cough, "I hoped you could get jurisdiction over the whole territory from the federal marshals like you did when you settled that little difficulty I had with the farmers."
"I could try," said Mitch.
"You gotta do more'n try, boy!" rumbled Bomont, rising from his chair with a menacing look in his eye.  “Them’s my cows their stealing!  If they take many more, I’ll go broke!  You’ve gotta help me!”  Then he remembered who he was talking to and sat down again with an apologetic grunt.  
“Sorry," he mumbled gruffly.  “These past few weeks have been pretty rough.”  Then in a pleading voice he said, "please help me.  If those rustlers aren't stopped, they'll ruin me!  I don't know what you can do, but the saloon keeper says you always find a way to win in the end, although he doesn’t seem to like you for some reason."
Mitch smiled.  "I'll send a telegram to the federal marshals right away,” he said.  “And then I'll see if we can figure out a way to catch those rustlers."
“Thanks!,” said Bomont, rising to leave.  Before he could go far, Mitch quickly grabbed a bowl from on top of his filing cabinet and held it out to Bomont.  It was full of freshly cut carrot sticks and celery.
"Carrot stick?" he asked with a flourish.
Bomont looked dumfounded at the container as if it contained one of the many cow pies that were spread all over his ranch.  Then with a rough effort at being polite he cleared his throat and mumbled, "uh ... no thanks.  Not before dinner—I mean breakfast."
"There’s celery sticks in there, if you'd rather," said Mitch, trying again.  "Or some baby onions at the bottom of the bowl. They're great for the liver, you know."
"The liver," repeated Bomont stupidly.  Then pulling himself together, he stammered, "uh ... no.  No thanks.  Not on an empty stomach.  I'd best be gettin' back to the ranch."  Then he nearly ran from Mitch's office.

Within the hour Mitch received a telegram from the federal marshals approving his request for authority to pursue the rustlers anywhere in the territory.  The telegram said the marshals would normally have offered to help, but they had lost too many of their good men in cases like this, from being trampled by stampedes of stolen cows.  
Soon everyone in town knew Mitch was going after the rustlers, and people were already laying odds about how he would either be outwitted like Bomont, or end up in Boot Hill like all the former sheriffs.  In the midst of it all (as one would expect) Cousin Elias started packing.
"If you think," he said to Mitch hotly, "that I'm going to go out and get shot by some rustler or trampled by some dumb cow, you've got another thing coming!"
"Now, Elias," Mitch said reasonably, "there's no need to get excited--"
"No need to get excited!" Elias spluttered while stuffing his dirty shirts in his saddlebag.  "Do you know how many rustlers there are?"
"Well ... no ... " replied Mitch.
"Isn't it likely there's at least a dozen?!" Elias demanded.
"I suppose," said Mitch.
"And how many cows do you think they'll have with them?" he yelled, waiving around one of his socks that hadn't been washed for so long it was stiff as a board.  "Don't you think they'll have anywhere from 50 to 200?"
"I suppose," said Mitch again calmly.
"And you’re thinking that just you and me will go out and face them all—so’s after they shoot us and trample us with their stolen cows, our bleached bones can lay in the Nevada desert for the next 20 years for everybody to see?"
 "Well, I don't think our bones will be left out there--"
"Mine won't!" said Elias curtly, picking up his saddlebags and heading for the door.  "Yours will provide plenty of fertilizer for a cactus."  And then he was gone.
Mitch rubbed his chin thoughtfully, while Elias’ last words were still running through his mind.  Then he mumbled to himself, "I wonder how much fertilizer a cactus would need?"

The light in Mitch's office was on late into the night after Cousin Elias left town.  Some said he was writing a long last letter to his mother, while others said he was counting his cherry tomato plants for the last time.  But they were all wrong …

The next morning Mitch rode out to Bomont's ranch.  After meeting with him secretly for half an hour, the two of them went out to the west range to look at Bomont's cows.  All the hands noticed that Bomont looked happier than he had in weeks, and he even smiled at one or two of them (which was pretty rare, even when he was in a really good mood).  
After looking over the herds, Mitch and Bomont picked out a black spotted heifer with a big black splotch over its nose.  Then they said good-by and Mitch headed for town, leading the heifer on a rope behind him.
Mitch tethered the cow (which he named Flutterbusket) behind the sheriff's office, making sure it was far enough away from his lettuce plants to not do them in.  Every day for the next two weeks Mitch babied that cow as if it were a newborn giraffe, bringing it special salads, talking to it, and even giving it a special cantelope juice bath.  And everyday, for no reason that anyone could think of, Mitch had old Mrs. Gates come over and watch.  Mrs. Gates was older than the oldest hill anyone had ever seen, and had a mouthful of gums with two buckteeth in front.  She was ornery and cantankerous and had been thrown out of the Ladies Aid for belting some of the other ladies with her massive purse.  But for all her eccentric ways she was sharp as a tack and loved gardening and animals better than she liked most people.  Mitch was often over at her cottage at the edge of town to admire and talk about her garden, and the two frequently exchanged seeds and plants.
After two weeks Mitch took Flutterbusket back to Bomont's ranch where she was put back in with the herd (she wasn’t very happy about this, since she didn't want the babying to stop).  Then another week passed and rumors started to fly around town that Mitch and Bomont must have had a falling out since Mitch hadn't even gone out once to look for the rustlers.  But the curious thing was that Bomont didn't seem to be upset with Mitch at all, but was actually smiling a lot more than he had since his cattle were first rustled.  Some people said he must have finally cracked, or that Mitch's vegetables must have got to him. 
And then came another morning when the town woke up to a swarm of Bomont riders, getting ready to chase after the rustlers again.  This time they had taken 50 head from the upper east range.  The ranch hands were all glum because they knew they'd have to go out and ride all day in the hot Nevada sun and not catch anyone, just like the last two times.  But strangely enough, Bomont himself seemed almost gleeful, as if losing 50 head of cattle was just what he wanted to happen.  This made some people all the more sure that something must have gone wrong with his head.
After the Bomont riders had all gone off in a cloud of dust and screeching chickens, the townsfolk saw Sheriff Mitch hitch up his horse and buggy and go over to Mrs. Gates' house.  Then the two of them left town heading in the opposite direction from that taken by Bomont and his riders!  It looked like Mitch had admitted defeat at last for not having caught the rustlers, and was leaving town before Bomont got back and skinned him for having lost more cows.  The saloon keeper was so happy to see Mitch leave that he danced a little jig all the way down the street to the sheriff’s office, where he put a ‘For Rent’ sign on the door just for fun.
The Bomont riders were back in town that night with the same story as before.  They had chased around in the hot dust all day, but lost the rustlers' trail somewhere in Hard Rock Canyon.  They were tired and cross and cursing everyone, especially the sheriff for having failed to catch the rustlers before now.  But Bomont just smiled in a cruel sort of way and didn't say a word to anyone (and no one dared say anything to him, for fear of losing his head).
Mitch and Mrs. Gates didn't come back the next day, or the next, or even the next.  It looked like he was gone for good.  The saloon keeper thought he was in heaven, and started switching his gambling tables back so they would cheat people out of their money.  The town council decided to celebrate by doubling the permit fee that they made all new gold seekers pay when they arrived in town.  But even though it looked like Mitch must be gone for good, there was still a kind of unspoken agreement among all the rough and mean galoots in town that they wouldn't totally turn Broken Jaw Junction back to riotous looting.  Not just yet, anyway, just in case Mitch was to show up.
Meanwhile, the strange disappearance of Mitch and Mrs. Gates was made even stranger when Bomont himself disappeared.  Rumors started flying right away that he had gone so crazy from losing his cows that he decided he was a jackrabbit instead of a man and went hopping off into the desert and got eaten by coyotes.  Others said he got so strange in the head that he decided to become a cactus, so he went off into the desert and just stood there, holding up his arms in a cactus sort of way, until he keeled over from heat stroke. 
But all the rumors stopped a week later when Bomont, Mitch, Mrs. Gates and Cousin Elias rode into town with Flutterbusket trailing behind them on a tether rope.  Most amazing of all, they said that the rustlers had been captured!  All nine rustlers were now sitting in jail in Reno, and the inside man at Bomont’s ranch had been identified and would soon be sitting in Mitch’s jail.  Bomont's cows were in Reno too, and he immediately sent off a dozen riders to round them up and bring them back.
The townspeople swarmed around the four and peppered them with questions, but Mitch and Bomont just said there was nothing more to tell, and Mrs. Gates just glared at everyone (especially the women from the Ladies Aid) and held up her purse in a menacing way.  It wasn't until an hour later that a crowd cornered Cousin Elias (who just happened to meander over where he could easily be cornered) and forced him to tell what happened.  He then took two whole hours to stretch out the tale, with a heavy dose of bragging about how he was the one who was responsible for catching the rustlers.  In order to spare you from his distorted version of the facts, this is what really happened.
In keeping with Mitch’s plan, Mitch and Mrs. Gates headed straight for Reno when they left town, with Bomont following a few days later.  After they all met up in Reno, they rounded up the local sheriff and then headed over to the stock yards where all the cattle are shipped out of town.  It didn't take long for them to find a group of about 100 cows with fresh 'fat cat' brands on them.  Tending the cows were about 9 surly cow hands, including the fellow Bomont had talked to before.  This cowpoke just smirked in a nasty sort of way and said to Bomont, "so, you’ve come back to pretend like these are your cows, eh?"
"No pretendin'," said Bomont gruffly.  Then he turned to Mitch and said, "do your stuff, sheriff."
Mitch swung down from the buggy and started looking carefully through the cows.  Some of the 9 cowhands started to get nervous, and the smirking one that had taunted Bomont (whose name was 'Butch') said to Mitch, "Hey, now, hold on!  You got no business messing with our cows!"
"I'm afraid I do," replied Mitch showing his badge.  "I have a reasonable suspicion these cows may be stolen.  Because I am an officer of the law, and since they are in a public place, it is my duty to look them over."
Now Butch really started to get nervous.  Turning to the Reno sheriff, he said, "You gonna put up with this?  You're the law in Reno, not him."
"Sorry," said the Reno sheriff.  "He's shown me his authority from the federal marshals, and that's good enough for me.  And if I were you," he added quickly as he noticed several cow hands trying to slink away, “I’d stay right here 'till he's done or you'll be sleepin’ in Boot Hill tonight.”  Quick as a wink, the Reno sheriff's gun was in his hand—and it wasn’t loaded with itch pellets like Mitch's!  All of the cow hands moved their hands as far away from their guns as possible and stood still as statues.
Suddenly Mitch called out, "Here she is!  Come here Flutterbusket.  Come to daddy!"  At Mitch's call, a black spotted heifer with a black patch over her nose came charging up to Mitch, nearly knocking him over in her excitement.  She began to nuzzle him expectantly.
Mitch went back to the buggy (followed closely by Flutterbusket) and pulled a pail out of the back.  At the sight of it, Flutterbusket banged her nose against the pail and tried to pull it out of Mitch's hands.  When he poured the leafy contents of the pail on the ground in front of her, she dived into it as if she hadn't eaten in a week.
"That's her, all right," said Mitch triumphantly.  "That's Flutterbusket, one of Bomont's cows that I kept at the sheriff's office for two weeks."
Butch's face had gone white.  But he wasn't one to give up easily.  "Says you only!" he yelled.  "I say that's my cow that I raised in California!"
"Mrs. Gates?" said Mitch calmly, turning to the old woman.  "Could you be my witness?"
"Sure enough," she said in her gravelly voice.  "That there's the very cow Sheriff Mitch had in Broken Jaw Junction.  I saw her tuck into that slop every day just like that.  Ain't no other cow would touch it, since its got garlic in it."
"Garlic?" said Butch in amazement.  "That cow is eatin' garlic?!"
"Sure thing!" said Mitch as he pushed Flutterbusket aside (with considerable effort) and picked up a healthy dose of what she had been eating.  He held it up for Butch, then for the Reno sheriff, and at one whiff, each screwed up his face and agreed that it had lots of garlic in it.
"But that still don't prove nothin'!" said Butch desparately.  "Any cow would eat that."
"Let's see if they would," said Mitch cheerfully.  He then went from cow to cow and offered it some of Flutterbusket's garlic salad, but not one of them wanted any, and several wrinkled their noses and tried to run away.
"That just can't be!" moaned Butch in amazement.  "How'd you get that cow to eat garlic?"
"Easy enough," replied Mitch as he cheerfully helped the Reno sheriff put handcuffs on all the rustlers.  "I fed her pure lettuce to start with, which every cow loves.  Then I started putting a little garlic in it, then a little more the next day, then a little more, until finally she just got used to it!"
Butch and his buddies looked like they'd just swallowed some garlic themselves.  They looked so glum that Mitch pulled a tray from the back of the buggy and held it up to them.  "Anybody want a carrot stick?  It'll help you feel better, and it's great for improving your eyesight, although it doesn't do much for hindsight."  They just stared at him with sick looks on their faces.  When Mitch pulled a tray of celery sticks from his buggy and started pushing them to have some, they all started begging the Reno sheriff to take them to jail, which he was happy to do.

And that’s the story, or at least all of it except the last part where Cousin Elias comes in.  Mitch, Bomont and Mrs. Gates ran into him on their way out of town.  He was begging at a street corner, and was so starved looking and scruffy that they hardly recognized him.  He was so happy to see them that he nearly jumped out of his skin, which wouldn’t have been hard to do, since he’d lost so much weight that his ornery hide was all wrinkled and too big for his bones.  After greedily filling up on Mitch’s carrot sticks and celery (which he only ate because he was starving), he explained with some embarrassment that he had ran out of money and couldn't make it home to West Virginia.  (Of course, in the story that Cousin Elias told to the townspeople, he didn't mention anything about this.  In fact, in his version, he said he was the one who had the idea of feeding garlic to Flutterbusket, and that he left town weeks before Mitch in order to go to Reno and watch for the rustlers).  Anyway, after Elias got his strength back enough to travel, the four had an uneventful trip back home to Broken Jaw Junction.
And that is how Sheriff Itchy Mitch brought the cattle rustlers to justice without having to chase them all over the country, by using a little bit of garlic and a cow named Flutterbusket.


////


Chapter 9 - How the Claim Jumper was Stopped by Vegetable Stew

In spite of occasional problems with bank robbers, cattle rustlers, gunfighters, range wars and the Ladies Aid, the truth is that Broken Jaw Junction was really a mining town.  More than 4,000 gold seekers were camped out all along the creek where Old Jake first found gold, and on up into the hills.  They were an ornery bunch, and would sometimes fight and squabble and call each other names and throw things at each other.  
But in spite of all their problems, they mostly got along pretty well—mainly because the mayor and town council in a moment of greed had finally realized that they could annex the entire mining area into the town (so they could force all the minors to pay them a bogus ‘mining tax’ every month).  So if any minors got to fighting too much, or causing trouble, someone would just send for Sheriff Mitch, since the gold fields were now in his jurisdiction.  It wasn't just that they were afraid of being shot with an itch bullet, or spending a night in jail--they were more afraid that if they went to jail, Mitch would force them to eat lettuce or carrot sticks and there wasn't a single one of them that could stomach the thought of that.
But then one day the claim jumper came to town.
He was a big, burly fellow, who liked to wear a thick, bearskin coat even in the heat of the Nevada desert.  His scraggly beard looked like it came from the same bear as his coat, and his eyebrows were so bushy he could hardly see under them.  But what people noticed first and remembered most about the claim jumper were his dogs.
He had three of them, and to say they were big would be a terrible understatement.  They were like mountains of fur and fangs and teeth, and they were mean.  They'd as soon bite your hand off as look at you, and all the claim jumper had to do to make them do whatever he wanted was to click some secret command at them with his teeth.  Then they would growl and bare their fangs and get ready to attack.
It didn't take long after the claim jumper came to town for him to put his dogs to good use.  He first spent a few hours looking over the gold claims in the creek, then picked the best three that were next to each other and took them over.  He didn't say a word, but just walked up, clicked to his dogs and made himself comfortable in one of the miner's camp chairs.
Within five minutes, all three miners who had lost their claims were in Mitch's office.
"Sheriff, ya gotta do something!" yelled Mortimer Sludge, "That big galloot and his no-good dogs took over the claim I've been workin' and slavin' over for the last year!"
"Mine too!" wailed Murp Slork.  "Them dogs run me off so fast I had to leave my pan o' gold behind—and it probably had fifty dollars worth of gold dust in it!"
"Them mangy mutts ate up all my food too!" whined the third miner, Mick Clunker.  "They gobbled up all my pork rinds and beef jerky and everything!  That's almost as bad as takin' over my gold!"
"Well," said Mitch calmly, "it sounds like we need to pay this fellow a visit."
"Did you say 'we?'" asked Cousin Elias with a crack in his voice.  "When he's got three killer dogs the size of mountains?!"
"And you oughta see their teeth!" said Mortimer with a grin.
Elias' face went white as a sheet.  "Count me out!" he said turning to his saddlebags.  "Looks like it's time for me to start packing again."
With a sigh, Mitch said, "Now, Elias, they're just dogs.  I'm sure this fellow will control them and be reasonable when he sees we're the law."
"Reasonable!" yelped Murp.  "I doubt it.  He took my claim!"
"And all my food!" said Mick.
"But boys!" said Mortimer with a gleam in his eye.  "Don't forget--everybody's reasonable when they look down the barrel of the sheriff's gun!"
Elias stopped packing and looked up.  A slow smile started to spread over his face.  "That's right.  Those itch pellets should work on dogs as well as people."  Hitching up his pants with a twinkle in his eye, he said, "I think I'll go with you after all, cousin."
"Well, o.k.," said Mitch.  "Let's go!"

When Mitch, Elias and the miners drew near the stolen claims, the dogs starting barking so loud even folks in Soda Jerk Springs ten miles away could have heard them.  With a smirk on his face, the claim jumper got off his stool (or rather, Murp Sklork's stool) and clicked at his dogs to stop barking for a minute.
"Good morning," said Mitch politely.  "It appears you have taken over some mining claims that belong to these gentlemen.  As an officer of the law, I am here to make sure you give the claims back to them immediately."
The claim jumper didn't say a word.  He just stared at Mitch with a bored look in his eye, while slowly chewing on one of Mick's pork rinds.  His scraggly beard would slowly wag up and down with every chew.
"Sir," Mitch said again in a kindly tone.  "I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave.  You see, this property does not belong to you."
The claim jumper spat and scratched his bushy eyebrows, then clicked to his dogs.  Immediately they bared their massive fangs and growled, then took several menacing steps forward.  In a flash, Mitch's gun was in his hand, the trigger cocked, ready to fire if they came any closer.
At this moment, as if out of nowhere, Mrs. Glertch of the Ladies Aid appeared, accompanied by Mrs. Spuf and Miss Drudge.  With a screech so loud that the dogs stopped growling in surprise, Mrs. Glertch cried, "Sheriff, don't you dare lay a hand on those poor defenseless animals!!"
"Defenseless?!" said Mortimer incredulously.
Mrs. Glertch gave Mortimer a glare that would have melted granite.  "Of course they're defenseless, you idiot!" she bellowed.  "They're just dumb animals who are defenseless like all women and children."
"I can think of one woman who isn't," murmured Cousin Elias quietly.
"Mrs. Glertch," said Mitch reasonably, "I am just wielding my firearm in self defense.  I assure you that I will not cause permanent injury to the dogs."
"Put you gun away!" thundered Mrs. Glertch.  "The Ladies Aid is committed to the prevention of cruelty to animals, and if you fire one shot of your itch powder at one of those dogs, so help me, I'll make sure you lose your badge!"
"But Mrs. Glertch," said Mitch calmly, "self defense is always a valid claim, especially for an officer of the law.  It says so in my sheriff's manual."
"Then I suggest you look in your manual again," commanded Mrs. Glertch.  "I think you'll find there is an exception in the case of animals.  You cannot use self defense against them!"  She smiled coldly.  "I know because my aunt Petunia Muck is the person who wrote your sheriff's manual--and she is a member of the Rhode Island Ladies Aid!"
"Golly," said Mitch in surprise while lowering his gun.  "It does say on the first page that Petunia Muck wrote it.  I guess maybe I'd better go back and take a look at it again."
"A very sensible idea," agreed Mrs. Glertch.
"But Sheriff," cried Mortimer, "That’s crazy!"
"Yeah!" said Mick.  "If that were true, I couldn't use self defense to protect me from a grizzly bear that was about to eat me, or a rattler that was about to bite me with poison!"
"What do you mean, you lout?!" screeched Mrs. Glertch.  "The rule only applies to pets, like cats and dogs.  And these dogs are obviously the pets of this man here," she said pointing to the smiling claim jumper who still hadn't said a word.
"And such cute little cudly things too," weedled Miss Drudge.  At this, the claim jumper clicked his teeth three times and to the amazement of everyone his brutish mongrels transformed themselves into simpering, puppyish playdogs that came up and happily licked the hands of all the ladies.
"There, you see, sheriff?" said Mrs. Glertch triumphantly.  "You can see that these dogs are innocent, harmless creatures--and you were about to inflict bodily pain upon them!"
“For shame!" said Mrs. Spuf and Miss Drudge, glowering at him and the miners.  
"Hmmm..." murmured Mitch.  "Well I guess I'd better go back to the office and look in my sheriff's manual again.  But I assure you sir," he said sternly to the claim jumper, "that I will still enforce the law and make sure these gentlemen get their claims back."
"But you'll do it without harming these lovable, innocent beasts," warned Mrs. Glertch.
"Of course, if that's what the sheriff's manual says," replied Mitch.  And with that he headed back to the sheriff's office, with the miners following gloomily behind him.

"Well, how about that?" said Mitch as he stared at the pages of his sheriff's manual.  "Mrs. Glertch was right!  It really does say that, in order to prevent cruelty to animals, an officer of the law cannot harm a pet even in self defense, even if that means he gets mangled or scratched or bitten!"
"Let me see that!" cried Cousin Elias, grabbing the book from Mitch.  He looked at it for a moment, then shoved it back across the desk at Mitch in disgust.  "That makes no sense!  This manual’s all wrong!” 
"Actually, it's quite a good manual," said Mitch.  "The laws are accurate and it has some very helpful information.  I’ll admit this rule about not using self defense against pets is probably a bit extreme based on the author's personal feelings, but I'm afraid I'm bound to uphold it.  When I was hired the mayor and town council said I had to follow what's in the manual.  I can only enforce the law, not make up new laws."
"There goes my mining claim then," moaned Mortimer.  "There's no chance of getting it back with those dogs there."
"And I won't get my food back either," wailed Mick.  "And I'm gettin' hungry!"
"Now hold on," said Mitch.  "I'm bound to uphold the law in this town, and I'm going to get those claims back for you or die trying!"
"Sorry I won't be here to attend your funeral, cousin," said Cousin Elias as he started to pack again.  "I'd send some flowers to decorate your grave, but they'd just wilt in 10 minutes in the Nevada sun."
Mitch shook his head sadly.  "Now, Elias, I'm sure we'll find a way to get the claims back."
"There you go using 'we' again," replied Cousin Elias as he stuffed some dirty underwear in his saddlebags.  "I'll be back in West Virginia when they're putting you six feet under at Boot Hill."  
"Is that any way to talk to your blood kin?" said Mortimer hotly.  "Are you just going to run out on him and let him face those dogs alone?"
"Yeah!" cried Mick.  "What kind of deputy are you?"
"A live one!" replied Cousin Elias.  Then he turned to face the three miners who were all glaring at him.  "You know, I've been workin' with you gold miners here in Broken Jaw Junction now for about nine months, and based on what I've seen I'll make you a little wager.  If you three will agree to be deputized right here and now and go out with cousin Mitch and help him face those dogs then I'll stay and help you do it."
Mick suddenly went into a spasm of coughing, while Mortimer looked intently at the floor, and Murp started to fidget with his hat.  Finally Mortimer mumbled in a voice that could barely be heard, "uh ... well ... you know, I've been planning this trip to meet my mother in Cincinnati for a long time, and I just don't think now's a good time ... "
"And actually now that I remember it," muttered Murp, "I'm allergic to dogs (he faked a sneeze or two), and it wouldn't be healthy for me to get close to those mutts."
"Shucks, I'm not really that hungry after all," said Mick.  "I can always go out in the desert and dig up sego lily roots and eat 'em."
"I thought so," snorted Cousin Elias in disgust as he shoved the last of his shirts in his saddlebags.  Then swinging them onto his shoulder, he turned to Mitch.  "Well, cousin, I wish you the best and like I said, I’m sorry I won't be here for the funeral."  Then without another word he swept from the office and was gone.
For a moment the three miners stood awkwardly in the middle of Mitch's office.  Then Mortimer coughed and said he had to go confirm his stage ticket to visit his mother.  Murp said he had to see the doctor about his allergy, and Mick said he needed to go dig up some sego lily roots for dinner.  Then the three left Mitch's office quicker than a cat sliding down a greased pole, and Mitch was left alone to figure out how to solve their problem.  

The light in Mitch's office was on late into the night after the three miners left.  Some people said it was because he was trying to sew together a thick enough suit of clothes so the dogs couldn't bite through it, while others said he was writing out a detailed watering and weeding schedule for his garden, to give to Mrs. Gates before he was laid in Boot Hill.  But they were all wrong ...

Early the next morning the townspeople saw Mitch riding out of town in the direction of Bomont's ranch.  The news spread like wildfire that he was leaving town to save his skin, like his Cousin Elias.  When the claim jumper heard this rumor he grew even bolder, and within an hour of Mitch leaving town he took over five more mining claims.  The five miners who lost their claims were madder than wet hornets and stormed into town to hunt down the mayor and as many of the town councilmen as they could find.  The unhappy mayor and city council members were forced to listen to the miners for hours, as they complained about how the town needed to get a sheriff who would do his job and protect their property, rather than ride off into the country when he was most needed.
When Mitch rode back into town in the early afternoon he found an angry crowd of miners, town council members and townspeople swarming around his office.  After listening to the complaining miners all morning, the mayor and councilmen were madder than wet hornets themselves, and wanted to let Mitch know it.  They were so busy being hot and bothered they didn't even notice the package tied behind his saddle.
"Sheriff!" said the mayor angrily, "these miners tell me they came looking for you to help get their property back from the claim jumper and you weren't even around!  And these other three miners tell me they lost their property to this thief yesterday, and you didn't do a thing about it!"
"Why don't you do your job instead of riding off into the country?" shouted a miner.  He was followed by a dozen others yelling, "Yeah!" or "Do your job!"
Mitch just smiled calmly while he swung down from his saddle and started to untie the package.  "Now, gentlemen, I understand your concerns.  But if you'll just be patient, I--"
"Patient?!" interrupted another miner shrilly.  "You want us to be patient while you go joy riding off in the country and we're losing money?!"  There were a lot more shouts of "Yeah!" and "Right on!"
Gently pushing his way through the crowd towards his door, Mitch said, "I understand why you're upset and I don't blame you.  If you'll just give me a little time though, I think I can--"
"TIME?!" shouted a dozen voices at once.  There was a lot of shouting and shoving and Mitch probably would have been trampled if he hadn't quickly drawn his gun and fired a shot in the air.
There was sudden deathly quiet, and the crowd drew back several feet from Mitch (all but the mayor and town council members who were running to their homes as fast as they could go).  The miners were all very embarrassed to have forgotten who they were threatening—and what he could do with a gun!
"Now, gentlemen, please," said Mitch in a kindly tone.  "I know you're upset, but I am working on it, and hope to have something positive to report to you very soon."
With this he disappeared into his office, leaving the mob to grumble quietly for awhile and then slowly fade away. 

Cousin Elias was plodding along the road from Broken Jaw Junction to Soda Jerk Springs in the hot afternoon sun.  He was thinking of his home in West Virginia, and how he would soon be there.  He smiled at the thought of seeing the old cabin again, and his Ma and Pa, and Nellie his little sister.  He remembered how she and her dog Pooch used to run all over the countryside, chasing squirrels, jumping in rivers, trouncing through Mitch's garden—
Sudden realization struck Cousin Elias like a bolt of lightning.  He smacked his head with his hand and said, "what in tarnation am I thinkin'?"  A smile spread across his face and suddenly he turned his horse around and galloped back in the direction of Broken Jaw Junction as fast as he could go.

About dinnertime that evening, the townspeople saw Mitch come out of his office carrying several bundles which he tied to his horse.  He then headed in the direction of the mining claims, with a group of curious children and dogs following after him.  
When he got up into the claims he kept going until he reached a ridge near where the claim jumper and his dogs were lounging.  He noticed that Mrs. Glertch and Miss Drudge of the Ladies Aid were acting as lookouts at the top of the next hill, to make sure no one harmed the claim jumper's dogs.  Interestingly, many of the miners had camped out on an opposite hill and would occasionally shout insults at the Ladies Aid women, who would then shout back.  The claim jumper's dogs were howling as well, and the noise from all the yelling and howling was so bad that even the rocks tried to cover their ears.
Mitch paid no attention to the noise, however.  Instead, he made a little fire in a circle of rocks then slowly and carefully began to pull things out of the bundles he had brought.  First he set up a tripod over the fire, then dangled a big pot from it so that it hung low into the flames.  He poured some water into the pot, then pulled out a large steak that he had gotten earlier from Bomont's ranch, followed by a number of vegetables and spices from other containers.  Lastly, he pulled out some mountain herbs he had gathered on his ride to Bomont's ranch.  He carefully sliced the meat and vegetables into the pot and measured in the herbs and spices.  Stirring slowly, it wasn’t long until he had a delicious smelling brew simmering in the pot.
The dogs and children that had followed Mitch out from town smelled it first.  The kids licked their lips and rolled their eyes at the delicious smell--but the dogs went absolutely wild.  They started to yip and yap and chase their tails and run into things, and then they all went charging straight to Mitch's cookfire where he just smiled and started to pet them all, but kept them away from the simmering pot.
The tantalizing smell of Mitch's brew wafted slowly and gently through the hills and along the creek.  Every person or dog that smelled it almost dropped in their tracks.  It smelled like everything good they had ever tasted and everything happy they had ever thought, all rolled into one.  Even the women from the Ladies Aid were so stricken that they abandoned their post and joined the growing throng surrounding Mitch's campfire.
And then there was a howl so loud it must have woken every person laid to rest in Boot Hill.  The claim jumper's dogs had just caught the scent and they set off such a racket and went into such a frenzy that no amount of clicking or yelling by the claim jumper could stop them from charging up the hill to Mitch's fire.
As soon as they arrived the crowd scattered.  Even the exquisite smell of Mitch's stew couldn't overcome their fear of the three massive dogs that were now bouncing all over Mitch, licking him and yelping like he was a long lost friend.  Mitch laughed and patted each dog on the head, then scooped some of his stew into bowls for them, which they greedily devoured.
The claim jumper came running up the hill, huffing and puffing.  He was clicking his teeth like crazy trying to get his dogs to obey him, but they completely ignored him.  They finished their stew in no time flat, then started jumping around Mitch and yipping and yapping like puppies, begging for more.  Mitch scooped out some more stew in each of their bowls and then they dug in again, oblivious to the world.  The crowd of dogs and people kept a safe distance away and watched jealously while the three huge dogs devoured the stew.
The claim jumper was clicking his teeth so much he sounded like a woodpecker.  But the dogs paid no attention to him.  Then he started to slap and hit the nearest dog, which wasn’t a very smart thing to do.  The dog turned on him with a snarl and nearly took his hand off before it turned back to its bowl.
"Drat you sheriff!" wheezed the claim jumper.  "What have you done to my dogs?"
"Nothing," replied Mitch amiably.  "I just gave them a little stew."
"Well, stop giving it to 'em!" yelled the claim jumper.
"Well, they're your dogs," said Mitch with a smile.  "Why don't you make them stop eating?"
"Consarn it, I can't!" growled the claim jumper.  "Your stew's done got 'em under some kind 'o spell."
"There's no spell," said Mitch.  "It's just vegetable and beef stew.  I guess they like it.  Do you want some?"
"Me?" yelled the claim jumper.  "Are you crazy?!  For all I know you poisoned it!"
At this Mrs. Glertch and Miss Drudge jumped forward and were about to say something, but Mitch just laughed and said, "Don’t worry, I didn’t poison the dogs.  That would be cruelty to animals!  You can watch them all night and see--they'll be just fine."
By this time the dogs had finished their bowls and were licking their lips contentedly.  They each whined happily and one of them even lay down and looked like he was about to go to sleep.
The claim jumper stared at them for a moment, then mumbled something under his breath that (fortunately) no one heard.  “Well,” he said grumpily, “it looks like maybe the spell’s worn off.  We’ll be going now.”  Then he clicked his teeth to his dogs and turned to go.
The dogs didn't move.  The one who had fallen asleep was starting to snore happily, and the other two looked like they would join him soon.  
In mounting anger the claim jumper turned to the dogs and clicked at them again and again.  They still didn't move.
"You know," said Mitch looking into his stew pot, "these dogs ate an awful lot of stew.  Almost looks like maybe they weren't being fed enough."  With a meaningful glance at Mrs. Glertch, Mitch said, "That could be a sign of cruelty to animals."
Mrs. Glertch scowled so fiercely at the claim jumper that he turned red.  "Now, look here," he stammered, "I feed these dogs good, honest!  I'm not cruel to 'em."
"They looked awful skinny to me earlier," said Mrs. Glertch sternly.  "That is, before they had some of the sheriff's stew." (The dogs looked rather plump at the moment).  “Maybe they were acting a little unfriendly towards people because they were hungry!”
The claim jumper looked nervously at Mrs. Glertch and Miss Drudge.  Then his scraggly brows knotted and he said angrily, "these are my dogs and nobody is gonna tell me how to treat 'em!"  Then he clicked in a commanding tone to his dogs (who still didn't move) and again turned to go.
Mrs. Glertch looked like she was about to explode. But before she could say anything, Mitch drawled in a soft voice, "are you sure these are your dogs?  They don't seem to be paying any attention to you."
"Of course they're my dogs!" screamed the claim jumper.  "And they're coming with me NOW!"  Before anyone could stop him, the claim jumper grabbed a stick that was lying nearby and gave one of his dogs a smack on the head (which was probably the biggest mistake he ever made in his life).  Instantly the dog sprang on him and would have torn him limb from limb if Mitch hadn't whistled and banged on his stew pot.  At the sound of the pot, the dog immediately left the claim jumper and went over to lick Mitch's hand.
There was silence for a moment while the claim jumper struggled to his feet.
"Shall I tell your dogs to come to you?" asked Mitch calmly.
A panicked look came into the claim jumper's eyes.  "No!" he cried.  "Keep them!  Do what you want with them!  Just keep the mongrols away from me!"  He then turned and stumbled over the hill and was never seen in Broken Jaw Junction again.
There was a cheer from the crowd (especially from the miners who had just regained their claims), followed by a mad rush of people and dogs who wanted some of Mitch's stew, now that the claim jumper's dogs had eaten their fill.  And first in line was Cousin Elias who had showed up right before the claim jumper came charging up the hill after his dogs.  Since Mitch was so tight lipped, naturally everyone asked Cousin Elias a lot of questions which he (naturally) pretended he didn't want to answer even though there was nothing he wanted more.
"Well," he drawled finally, still trying to drag things out as long as he could, "I was on the road to Soda Jerk Springs when I remembered my little sister's dog Pooch, and how it made the mistake of trampling through Mitch's garden back in West Virginia.  After that Mitch stirred up a vegetable and beef stew to end all stews--like this one--and hooked that dog so bad on it that it would stay out of his garden ever after, and would do anything he asked if he just tapped on his stew pot."  And with this, Cousin Elias dug into Mitch's stew as ravenously as Mitch's new dogs had.
And that is how Sheriff Mitch got rid of the claim jumper and gained three new pet dogs (which were very afterward in helping him keep the peace in town) with a pot of vegetable and beef stew.


////


Chapter 10 - How Mitch Finally Met his Match

A year had passed since Mitch was made sheriff of Broken Jaw Junction.  He had faced Bad Bart, bank robbers, cattle rustlers, the claim jumper, the knife man, Big Tom, a range war, the saloon keeper, lazy good-for-nothing loafers, and the Ladies Aid, and had surprised everyone by overcoming all of them.  Cousin Elias had packed his bags and left town over half a dozen times, only to return in embarrassment each time.  He had finally resolved to not leave town again no matter how bad things looked, since Mitch always seemed to find a way to overcome any problem that came along.  (But of course, Cousin Elias—being Cousin Elias—knew deep down inside that he would still pack his bags again at the first sign of trouble).  It was beginning to look like Mitch was invincible and that no one could take him down, and if people made bets anymore, they would now bet on Mitch rather than against him.
But they were all wrong.
It all started the day farmer Jones showed up in town in a covered wagon, with three pigs and two milk cows following behind on tether ropes.  He was coming from Iowa and was looking for a place to homestead and have a farm.  He had met rancher Bomont outside of town who had kindly suggested a 10 acre chunk of property just south of town that was (naturally) no good for cattle grazing, but which did have a little empty cabin on it and a trickle of water running through it to grow a few crops.  That's where farmer Jones was headed on that warm Nevada day when his wagon rolled through town and changed Broken Jaw Junction forever.
When the wagon was half way through town, a girl poked her head out from behind the back wagon covering.  She had blond hair and blue eyes and the most beautiful features anyone had ever seen.  Several miners walking down the street stared with their mouths open, and one of them walked right into a hitching post and knocked himself senseless.  A minute later, some of Bomont's ranch hands saw her as they came ambling out of the saloon and they were so google-eyed they didn't watch where they were going and all of them fell off the boardwalk into the mud.
As the wagon left town, about 30 men stood in the street gawking at it.  The girl waved at them all, and they were all bunched so close together they nearly knocked each other silly waving back.  
Then another girl poked her head out as well!  She was dark haired and brown eyed and although anyone could see she was the first girl's sister, she was more plain and ordinary looking in comparison.  When she saw all the men waving at her sister she quickly popped her head back under the canvas and disappeared.
Within two hours every single man in town was talking about farmer Jones' beautiful daughter.  They had found out that her name was Suzy Mae and that she was 18 years old.  Her homely sister's name was Judith Mae, who was two years older.  They also found out that Farmer Jones had vowed that no man could approach Suzy Mae to say even two words to her—let alone to court her—until Judith Mae was married.  (He knew it would be no trouble to marry off Suzy Mae, so holding her back until Judith Mae was married was the only way he thought he could get them both hitched).
Of course, all the miners and cowhands didn't intend to let Farmer Jones' plans for Judith Mae stop them from calling on Suzy Mae.  Never in the history of Broken Jaw Junction had so many men gone to the creek to take a bath as they did that afternoon.  (After the first fifty, the water became so polluted that anybody who took a bath after that got dirtier, rather than cleaner).  Burt Gurgle, the town barber, had a line waiting for a shave and a haircut that went clear down the street and out of town.  The General Store sold out all of its combs and soap within thirty minutes of Suzy Mae's arrival, and old Joe Cloober (who was married to a Ladies Aider and therefore couldn’t pursue Suzy Mae) sold two bottles of cologne that he owned for $100.00 a piece.
The only single man in town who hadn't been affected by the arrival of Suzy Mae was Sheriff Mitch.  He was sitting in his office reading the latest edition of 'The Gardener's Rake,' when Cousin Elias burst in and flopped into a chair.  Elias had such a big smile on his face you'd think he'd swallowed a gallon of chocolate.
"I'm in love!" he said in a creaky voice, his eyes glowing.  He gave a long sigh then looked at Mitch as if realizing for the first time that he was even there.  
"Did you see her, Mitch?" he asked excitedly.
"Who?" said Mitch absently.
"Who?!" cried Elias in amazement.  "Farmer Jones' daughter Suzy Mae, that's who!  Everybody's talking about her.  She's the most beautiful girl in the world."  Cousin Elias' eyes glazed over as he sank back in his chair with a sigh.
"I thought you were sweet on Charlotte Mudrag back in West Virginia," said Mitch with a smile.
Cousin Elias jerked out of his chair as if he'd been hit with a rock.  "Charlotte Mudrag?!" he yelled.  "Why, that crazy girl's been chasin' me since I was three!  All I ever wanted was for her to stay away from me.  She's part of the reason I came out here, you know!"
Mitch laughed and reached for his watering can.  "I know, I know.  But what I don’t understand is why you're trying to run from Charlotte--in the last year before we left she turned out to be a fine looking young lady."
"Oh, I suppose," admitted Elias with a wave of his hand.  "But she's nothing compared to my Suzy Mae!"
"Your Suzy Mae?" said Mitch with a raise of his eyebrows.  "From what I hear, you'd have to fight off every single man in town to make her yours."
Cousin Elias face turned white at the mention of fighting.  But where love was concerned, he could be very creative (even if he wasn't very courageous)
"I won't have to fight anybody," said Elias with a sly smile, "as long as you come with me."
"Me?" said Mitch in surprise.  "What would you want to drag me along for if you're going to see a girl?"
"Aw, c'mon, Mitch," said Elias.  "You're the only man around that nobody would want to fight!  With you along, nobody would touch me!  Then you could kind of stay in the background while Suzy Mae and I spent some time together.”
"Sorry, cousin," said Mitch as he watered the tomato plants in his windowsill.  "I've got a garden to take care of and a town to watch.  I can't go running off to Farmer Jones' place just because you want to go see a girl."
"Well, now," said Elias with a smile.  "You said a minute ago I'd have to fight for Suzy Mae to be my girl.  Well, I know for a fact that about 100 fellers will be headin' over to Farmer Jones' place any minute now, and every one of 'em's willing to fight the rest to make her his girl.  And Farmer Jones' place is inside town limits, you know."
"Hmmm ..." said Mitch thoughtfully, setting down his watering can.  "You may have a point there.  I can’t allow a big fight in town limits."  
Cousin Elias smiled broadly.  "Just stick with me cousin and we'll protect the people at Farmer Jones' place--and see about my courtin' Suzy Mae!  Let’s go!!"  Then he fairly charged out of the office and ran down the street, with Mitch following more slowly behind him.

A sizeable crowd of eligible bachelors were milling around Farmer Jones' new home as Mitch and Cousin Elias drew near.  Many of them were so greatly changed from their former sleazy, greasy selves, that they could hardly be recognized, since they had had a shave and a haircut, and wore clean clothes.  
As Mitch and Elias drew near they noticed that a few of the bachelors had fresh bruises and bloody noses, and that several others were shoving and hitting each other in order to get closer to Farmer Jones' house.  There was a lot of shouting and cursing, and almost all of them were claiming that Suzy Mae was their girl, and nobody else's.  However, at the sight of Sheriff Mitch the crowd quieted down and moved back a respectful distance.
"Hey, sheriff!" called a loud mouthed miner, "how about if you shoot all these other guys with itch bullets, so's I can have a chance to see my girl Suzy Mae in peace."
"Your girl?!" cried a dozen voices at once.  A massive fight would have broken out if Mitch's gun hadn't suddenly appeared in his hand.
"Gentlemen, please," cried Mitch.  "Is this any way to act when you're trying to impress a girl?"
There was deathly silence while the men looked at each other curiously.
"What's wrong with beatin' on each other?" asked one.
"Yeah!" yelled another.  "I always thought girls liked that."
"How's she gonna know I'm tough if I don't knock somebody else silly to show her?" asked a third.  There was a general murmur of approval from the crowd.
Mitch shook his head sadly.  "Now fellas, when was the last time you saw a girl get all happy and excited when you knocked somebody's tooth out?  That's crazy!"
"When was the last time we even saw a girl?" one cowboy responded.  "I swear, I been lookin' at cows so long I almost forgot what a girl looked like."
"Hey!" shouted a miner.  "What are you doin' here, sheriff?  Come to steal Suzy Mae from me just because you're fast with a gun?"
"Yeah!" shouted a dozen others.  "That ain't fair!"  There was a sudden uproar of shouting and yelling until Mitch fired a shot in the air.  Then there was deathly silence. 
"I assure you I am not here to steal anyone's girl, but only to keep the peace.  And if you all don't behave yourselves, you'll be spending a night in my jail!"  Nobody moved a muscle.  Not one of them wanted to go to Mitch’s jail, for fear of being forced to eat celery sticks and garlic.
But the silence of the crowd didn’t last long.  Either they were less scared of Mitch because there were so many of them all bunched together, or their brains had become addled because they had all gone girl crazy.  The crowd started to murmur and grumble.  Then someone shouted, "What's the matter?  Suzy Mae not purty enough for you?"
"Yeah!" said a cowboy hotly.  "No real man would not want to steal her!  What’s wrong with you?  You have seen her, haven't you?"
Mitch shook his head ‘no,’ and amazed gasps came from the crowd.
"You haven't even seen her?!"
"You’ve got to be kidding!"
"Keep him away!  Keep him away!  If he sees her, we're all done for!"
"Too late!  She's coming out!!"
A collective gasp went up from the crowd as they craned their necks to get a view of the farmhouse door.  Then there was a collective sigh of disappointment when only Farmer Jones came out.  He was carrying a large stick and a shotgun, and he looked very grumpy.  Without a word he took ten paces out from the house, jabbed the stick in the dirt, and pulled it along the ground, leaving a visible cut.  He kept going until he had made a mark all the way around the house, about ten paces out.  Then he tossed the stick high into the air and blasted it to smithereens with the shotgun.
"See what's left of that stick?” he grumbled in a deep, unfriendly voice.  “That's what's gonna be left of any man who’s crazy enough to set foot inside this line I made on the ground.  Soon's I get the wood, I'm going to build a fence on that line, and you’d all better stay on the other side of it!"  With that he turned and sauntered back into his house.
There was another murmur from the crowd.
"Do you think he really means it?"
"Did you see what happened to that stick?"
"Maybe we could come at night.  He's got to sleep sometime."
"If enough other guys crossed the line first, he'd run out of ammunition--then I could go in!"  
“You?!” yelled a dozen voices.  “You think we’re gonna cross the line first and get blasted to help you out?  We’ll push you across the line first!”  There started to be a lot of pushing and shoving, and it looked like Mitch would have to use his gun again.  But suddenly two girls came out onto the farmhouse porch.
Instantly there was complete silence while the men just gawked in wonder.  The first girl was Suzy Mae, who was every bit as lovely as all the men remembered her.  With sunlight streaming through her golden hair, and her blue eyes sparkling, she looked like an angel.  The other girl was Judith Mae, who looked plain and homely standing next to her beautiful younger sister.  She had her head down and, unlike Suzy Mae, didn't seem to like all the men gawking at them.  She quickly watered some flowers sitting in pots on the edge of the porch, then ran back inside the house.  They could still barely see her through the window, standing in the shadows in the house.  Suzy Mae stayed outside, waving at all the speechless men staring at her, and loving every minute of it.
A collective sigh went up from the group of cowboys and miners.  Then, as one man, they made a dash for the porch.     
A shotgun blast ripped through the air and a hole suddenly appeared in the ground right in front of the group of men.  Farmer Jones had fired his shot from the open window and cocked his shotgun to fire again.  The men dashed back across the line and stood grumbling and mumbling (except for a few who kept running all the way back into town—one of whom was Cousin Elias).
Then somebody called out, "Hey!  Look at the sheriff!"  Everyone turned and saw Mitch standing as still as a statue, his eyes wide as saucers.  One of the miners waved his hand in front of Mitch's face, but he didn't even blink.
"Sheriff," said a cowboy standing two feet away.  Mitch didn't respond.  "Sheriff!" he yelled.  Still no response.  "SHERIFF!!"  A dozen cowboys and miners yelled at once.
Mitch blinked his eyes and looked around as if he didn't know where he was.  There was an odd, glazed look in his eyes.
"So, what did you think, sheriff?" asked one of the miners with a broad smile.  "Ain't she purty?"
"Wow!" was all Mitch could say.
"Looks like he's done for," said a cowboy with a laugh.  
"Yep!" said another.  "Looks like somebody's finally got the best of sheriff Mitch at last."
"Which ruins it for the rest of us," wailed a miner.  "What hope do any of us have on courtin' Suzy Mae with him around?"
There was a lot of grumpy complaining and moaning after this comment, but all Mitch would say was "wow!" over and over again.
"Aw, shucks," said a miner at last.  "Ain't no use standin' around here—she’s gone back inside.  I'm gonna go back to my claim and dig some gold."
"Me too!" said another.  One by one the miners and cowboys started to drift away, all of them still complaining about Sheriff Mitch taking their girl.  Finally, the only ones left were Farmer Jones sitting on his porch with his shotgun in his lap and Sheriff Mitch still standing and saying "wow!" over and over.

By nightfall the news was all over town that Sheriff Mitch had fallen head over heels for Suzy Mae.  A bunch of miners and cowboys got together to figure out how to get him out of the way, so they'd have a chance at her themselves.  Before long however, they got to fighting over whose girl she was and the meeting fell apart.
Meanwhile, the women of the Ladies Aid all thought the whole thing was ridiculous and that all of the men were acting silly--especially Sheriff Mitch.  They called on the Mayor and Town Council to fire him, since they said he'd probably be out to Farmer Jones' place all the time and not do his job anymore.  However, the saloon keeper had a good long talk with the mayor and town council and convinced them to let Mitch go ahead and waste his time at Farmer Jones' place and let the town go back to lawlessness, so they could all make more money.  That way, they wouldn't have to pretend to hire someone to take his place.
At the sheriff's office, Cousin Elias was faced with the unusual job of trying to talk some sense into Mitch and bring him back to real life.  For someone like Elias this was not an easy task, especially since he was in love with Suzy Mae himself.
"Glad to see you can appreciate real beauty, cousin," said Elias.  "I never thought you had it in you."  Then he added fiercely, "but Suzy Mae is my girl and you need to keep away from her!"
"Wow!" was all that Mitch said, his eyes still glazed over.
"Didn't you hear me?" demanded Cousin Elias.  "She's my girl!"
Mitch stared blankly at Elias.  Finally he mumbled, "I've never seen anyone so beautiful.  Never."
"She's mine, I tell you!" cried Elias.  "Mine!!"
"Did you see the look in her eyes?" said Mitch as if Elias wasn't there.  "Did you see how the sunlight glowed on her hair?"
"Mine!  Mine!  Mine!  Mine!  Mine!" yelled Cousin Elias going red in the face.
They probably would have kept going on like this forever if little Sonny Glup hadn't burst into the office.
"Sheriff!" he blurted.  "There's fightin' at the saloon!"
Mitch looked at him blankly.  Sonny continued.
"A whole bunch of cowboys and miners are beating each other up over whose girl Suzy Mae is!"
"Hmmm ..." said Mitch, rubbing his chin.  Slowly he rose to his feet and strapped on his six shooter.  Then turning to Sonny, he said, "I'd go take care of the problem, but I need to go over to Farmer Jones' place.  Why don't you go back and tell those boys to behave themselves."  And then he was gone.
Sonny stared after him, his mouth wide open in astonishment.
"Drat that cousin of mine!" grumbled Cousin Elias, grabbing his hat and heading for the door.  "He's going to let all his rivals beat each other up while he goes and courts Suzy Mae!  And he can't do that BECAUSE SHE'S MINE!!"  And on the way out to chase after Mitch he slammed the door so hard that one of Mitch's tomato plant pots fell off the windowsill and broke on Sonny's foot.

Mitch and Elias and about a dozen other eligible bachelors stayed all afternoon out at Farmer Jones' place.  Cousin Elias spent the whole time whispering to Mitch about how Suzy Mae was his girl.  (He had to whisper because the other dozen cowboys and miners would have probably beaten him up if they'd heard him).  The other fellows jostled and punched each other and argued among themselves about whose girl Suzy Mae was.  Mitch paid no attention to anyone, but just kept staring and occasionally saying, “wow!”  
Farmer Jones, Suzy Mae and Judith Mae were all outside.  Farmer Jones was pounding in stakes for the fence he was going to build around his house.  Suzy Mae was admiring her fingernails and combing her hair and occasionally waving to the men staring at her (which made them start fighting about whose girl she was every time she did).  Judith Mae was trying her best to ignore everyone while she planted some flowers around the house.
When Farmer Jones and his daughters went inside for supper, Cousin Elias had to push and prod and pull Mitch before he finally got him to go home.  When they finally got there, Mitch just sat stupidly in his chair and didn't even water his zuchini plants like he always did in the evening.
What followed next were some of the most bizarre days people in Broken Jaw Junction had seen since before Mitch came to town.  If miners or cowboys got into a fight right in front of Mitch (and they were fighting a lot these days over Suzy Mae), he would absently make a half-hearted effort to make them stop.  But if there was a fight in the saloon or somewhere else he would say he was too busy and go join the ever present crowd standing outside Farmer Jones' new picket fence, who had all come to get a glimpse of Suzy Mae.  He would spend hours there with the others while Suzy Mae fussed with her hair and smiled coyly at all of her admirers, and Judith Mae weeded her flower beds in the background.  Of course Farmer Jones always sat nearby with his shotgun loaded and ready to use.  (You might wonder how Farmer Jones could survive and keep food on his table if he spent all his time sitting on the porch instead of working.  However, Suzy Mae received so many gifts of goodies and bread and other things from her admirers that they lived quite comfortably).
The town of Broken Jaw Junction wasn't the only thing that suffered during this time.  To the amazement of all, actual weeds appeared in Mitch's garden, and some of his plants began to droop from lack of water.  Many of his ripe tomatoes went unpicked and his watermelons actually started to shrivel.  Poor Mrs. Gates nearly passed out when she saw how bad it was starting to look, and rushed over with a watering can.  She then hunted down Mitch and gave him a stern lecture about fulfilling his responsibility to his plants, but the poor man just stared at her with a vacant look in his eyes until she gave up in disgust.
It certainly looked like Suzy Mae had done to Mitch what Bad Bart, the saloon keeper and dozens of others had been unable to do--and she had done it all without saying a single word!  Mitch was clearly letting his sheriff responsibilities slide, as well as his garden, and it was a pathetic sight.  Where before he was confident and took action against lawbreakers, now he would stare vacantly into space or mumble to himself and pay little attention to anyone or anything.  Where before he would constantly water and weed his plants and baby them along, now he hardly touched his watering can, and left his garden to fend for itself against weeds and the hot Nevada sun.  All this just so he could join the crowds that constantly gathered around Farmer Jones' house.  The saloon keeper was so ecstatic about it all that he sent a daily jug to Farmer Jones as a present.  He also started going over to Mitch’s garden and watering it with whiskey every afternoon.  (Mitch’s plants started rapidly dying after this).
A day finally came when Cousin Elias had had enough.  He and Mitch were sitting in the Sheriff's office on a sultry afternoon.  Mitch was once again staring vacantly into space while Elias was trying to swat flies with his knife (which is quite difficult to do if you have ever tried it).  All of a sudden Mitch mumbled, "She's so beautiful."
Cousin Elias looked at Mitch.  "You know, cousin," he said slowly, "I don't know how many times I've told you she's my girl, so you need to stay away from her!”  
“But you know what else?” Cousin Elias continued, “I'm thinkin' now that you must really believe me when I say it.  ‘Cause you haven't done a thing about pursuing her all this time, even though you're the only person in town that could!  All you do is go and stare at her house like all the rest of us!"
Mitch looked up at Cousin Elias as if seeing him for the first time.
"I'm right, aren't I?" Elias said, jabbing a finger in Mitch's face.  "You're skeered of her, aren't you?  That's why you haven't done anything even though you could.  You're just plain skeered!”  
Mitch's face clowded over.  "Yes, you're right," he blurted out in shame, while burying his face in his hands.  “I've always been timid around beautiful girls.  I was even scared of Ethyl Modcrop back in West Virginia that used to chase me, before she married that liver tonic salesman.  But when I first saw Farmer Jones' daughter ..." his voice trailed off listlessly.
"Well, how about that!" said Cousin Elias with a laugh.  "The great sheriff Mitch who could gun down Bad Bart and outfight Big Tom and outsmart cattle rustlers and bank robbers is skeered of a girl!"
Mitch sat up and shook his head in agreement, a miserable look on his face.  "Give me a horde of ladybugs or a gunfighter any day and I can handle them.  But not her!"
"Now isn't that just dandy!" said Cousin Elias as he waved his knife at a passing fly.  "How can you have no fear of a gunslinger, yet shake in your boots because of a girl?  Believe me, I know what fear is all about.  A guy carryin' a gun is someone to be skeered of, but not a girl."
"She is for me," Mitch said sadly. 
Cousin Elias tossed his knife on the table and grabbed Mitch by the shoulders, pulling him up out of his chair (something no one else in town would have dared to do).  He looked intently into Mitch's eyes and said, "Mitch, listen to me!  If there's anybody in town that has a chance at Farmer Jones' daughter, it's you!  You’re the only one who’s got the guts to stand up to Farmer Jones, just like you stood up to Bad Bart and all those other ornery cahoots like him since we got here.  Not only that, but you've got the reputation of being a gentleman, which girls seem to like for some reason!"
Mitch mumbled something incoherent, but Cousin Elias wouldn't let him go.  
"Look!" he said intently, "you're the one that's taught me over the last year to not be afraid, and to figure out ways to solve my problems rather than to run from them!  You haven’t let anything stop you, even when I’ve run away!  It didn't matter if it was Big Tom, or cattle rustlers or anybody--you weren't afraid!  A dozen times everybody in town was betting you wouldn't last the day, and you didn't even bat an eyelash--because you believed in yourself!  You knew you could do it!  You knew nothing could stop you, not even fear itself!  And you did it!  Every time you did it!"
"And I know you can do it again!  You can go right up to Farmer Jones' daughter and talk to her!  You can do it!  Just put aside your fear, be yourself, and talk to her like you talk with everybody else, and you'll be just fine.  I know you will!  I just know it!"
Mitch stared at his cousin for a moment with his soft grey eyes.  It was so quiet you could almost hear a ladybug walking across the leaf of one of Mitch’s wilting tomato plants in the window.  No one moved.  Even the flies had stopped buzzing and seemed to be waiting anxiously to see what would happen next.
Then slowly a look of resolve spread across Mitch’s face.  He squared his shoulders and set his jaw.  "You know," he said with more strength in his voice than Elias had heard in days, "I believe you're right.  I think I can do this!"  A smile spread across his face and color came back into his cheeks.  "Anyway," he added, "It can't be any worse than an infestation of aphids.  I'm going over there right now and talk with her!"  Then he picked up his hat and strode from the room.
Cousin Elias watched him through the window for a moment, with a look of pride on his face.  "I knew he could do it!" he said softly to himself.  “I just knew it!”
Then a sudden thought came into his mind.  He slapped his head with his hand and cried, "What in tarnation am I doing?!  I just gave away my girl!!"  He ran from the office after his cousin, yelling at the top of his lungs for him to stop.

The usual crowd were lounging around Farmer Jones' house, gazing longingly at Suzy Mae.  She was just inside the door, combing her long blond hair and occasionally waiving at all of her admirers.  Farmer Jones was in his usual position on the porch, his shotgun in his lap, leaning back with his chair tipped against the house.  Judith Mae was inside but standing at the open window, watering a row of petunias on the windowsill.
As Mitch drew near the crowd sensed that there was something different about him.  There was a determined spring in his step and a look in his eye that said nobody was going to stop him, and nobody better get in his way.  Running alongside him and talking a mile a minute was Cousin Elias.
"Why did ya have to go and listen to me back in the office?" he was saying.  "I didn't mean any of it--honest!  After all, she's my girl!  And don't forget that shotgun Farmer Jones has!  You'll get blown to smithereens!"
Mitch paid no attention to him but strode boldly through the crowd, passed through the fence (where Cousin Elias abruptly stopped following him), and paced right up to the porch.
Instantly Farmer Jones was on his feet, his shotgun pointed menacingly at the sheriff.  "Please tell me your intentions, sir, for coming on my property," he said gruffly.  “Whether you’re the sheriff or not, I have rights, you know.”
Without hesitation, Mitch responded, "I am aware you have rights, and I am not here as sheriff.  I'm here to see your daughter."
There was deathly silence.  Farmer Jones' shotgun was about a foot from Mitch's chest.  Farmer Jones rubbed his chin in surprise.  This had never happened before and he wasn't quite sure what to do.
Finally he said out of the corner of his mouth, "Suzy Mae, go inside.  Judith Mae, close the shutters on the window.  Sheriff," he said while lowering his gun and shaking Mitch's hand, "You’re one of the bravest men I ever saw.  Let's go inside and talk."
After they had all disappeared into the house the crowd buzzed with excitement at what had just happened.
"Did you see that?" said a miner.  "Mitch got in to see Suzy Mae!"
"But she's my girl!" said a cowboy.
"No, she's mine!" said a dozen others.  A fight would have broken out then and there, but a miner cried out, "She's Mitch's girl now, unless you want to fight him for her!"
"Yeah!" said another.  "He had the guts to do what we all wanted to do.  That shotgun was one foot from his chest!  But he got in!"
After that there was a bit more grumbling and mumbling, but secretly they all admired Mitch for his courage at doing what they had all wanted to do.  They all knew that no one was going to try to take Suzy Mae away from Mitch now, no matter how much he claimed to be in love with her.  Poor Cousin Elias sat glumly off to the side, grumbling to himself about how silly he was to talk Mitch into stealing his girl.
A long time passed.  No one left even though they all knew they had lost Suzy Mae forever.  They were all waiting to see what would happen next, wondering if they would hear a shotgun blast from inside the house, or if Sheriff Mitch would come out with Suzy Mae on his arm.
Finally the door creaked open.  Every miner and cowboy held his breath in anticipation.  After a moment Farmer Jones stepped out--and he was smiling!  He turned and called back into the house, "Sheriff, I want you to know that today you have made me a very happy man."  And he added with a sly grin, "I think maybe you made my daughter happy too."
All of the miners and cowboys groaned, and Cousin Elias started beating himself on the head for his stupidity.  Clearly Suzy Mae was out of reach forever.
But then every one of them froze in complete shock and amazement when Mitch stepped out onto the porch—

--AND JUDITH MAE WAS HANGING ON HIS ARM!!

Mitch and Judith Mae stood there awkwardly, red faced and nervous and embarrassed and happy all at the same time.  Judith Mae looked like she was in as much shock as the cowboys and miners.  Behind them stood Suzy Mae, scowling and angry at the impossibility of having been passed over for her plain and homely sister.
"Why don't you take my horse and carriage for a ride in the country?" said Farmer Jones, waving his hand towards his barn.  "Save yourself the trouble of walking back into town."
"Uh ..." stammered Mitch, not knowing what to do.
"Oh, please," said Judith Mae, looking up at Mitch, "I'd rather walk to town.  I want to see your garden!"
"My garden?" stammered Mitch.  "Well, actually, it's not looking its best right now.  I've been kind of ... uhm ... busy lately, and haven't been able to water and weed as much as I should."  Then he coughed and said, "but your flowers sure look good!  I've watched you watering and weeding them every day!"
Judith Mae laughed shyly.  "I've actually been watering them a bit too much lately."
The two stepped down from the porch and walked through the crowd of cowboys and miners who still gaped at them with their tongues all hanging out.  Then they set off for town, giddy and laughing as if they had both just found a silver dollar in their shoe.
One by one the cowboys and miners started to overcome their shock.  Then one by one they all started to smile.  Suzy Mae was still free!  In fact, with Judith Mae out of the picture, she was freer than ever!  Cousin Elias started to pat himself on the back for being such a genius, talking Mitch into courting Judith Mae.  With a lot of yelling and laughing the cowboys and miners turned as one man and raced for the house.
They were stopped short by a shotgun blast that ripped an ugly hole in the earth two feet in front of them.
"Just what do you think you're doing, coming on my property?" demanded Farmer Jones.
"We want to see Suzy Mae!" they all cried.  Farmer Jones still held the shotgun pointed at them all, a grim smile on his face.  "Not until Judith Mae is married," he said firmly.  “That day still hasn’t come.”  Behind him Suzy Mae waved and smiled at all her admirers.  Every cowboy and miner let out a sigh of discouragement and then went sadly back out to their traditional places outside the picket fence.

Later that afternoon when Cousin Elias got back to the office he found Mitch tipped back in his chair with a dreamy look on his face.  (Judith Mae had gone home to freshen up before their date that evening).
“Cousin Mitch,” said Elias accusingly, “why in tarnation did you go on so long lettin’ me think you were in love with Suzy Mae when you were really in love with her sister?”
Mitch looked surprised.  “I thought you knew,” he said sincerely.
“Now, how in tarnation could I have known that?” demanded Cousin Elias.
“Well, that’s pretty obvious,” said Mitch with a cough.  “I mean, I don’t want to say anything unkind about Suzy Mae, but she really can’t compare in terms of beauty with her sister.”
Cousin Elias gaped at Mitch as if a fly had just flown out of his ear.  “Are you blind?!” he cried.  “Judith Mae can’t hold a candle to Suzy Mae!  Every man in town can see that!”
Mitch laughed.  “I’m sure Suzy Mae would be very flattered to hear you say that.  I suppose she’s not bad looking, although perhaps a little plain and homely.  You know, you ought to call on her.  It might cheer her up.  She seemed kind of upset when I asked to court Judith Mae.  I think maybe she must be feeling lonely or left out.” 
Cousin Elias just stared at his cousin in disbelief.  Mitch picked up his watering can and went over to the cherry tomato plants on his windowsill.  “Now, as for Judith Mae,” he said dreamily, “there’s a real beauty.  Rich, earth brown hair, eyes clear as cherry blossoms, skin soft as a peach.” Mitch smiled happily, staring out the window at nothing while water from his watering can poured all over his windowsill and onto the floor.
Cousin Elias shook his head in amazement.  “To each his own, I guess.  Although I can’t for the life of me understand why you think she’s beautiful.  But I’m grateful!  Now if you’ll just hurry up and marry Judith Mae, then I can start courtin’ Suzy Mae.”
“MARRY!” cried Mitch, nearly dropping his watering can.  “Hold on there.  I just started courtin’ Judith Mae three hours ago!  She’s a wonderful girl and I look forward to seeing her again, but I don’t know about getting married.”
“But you’ve got to!” blurted Cousin Elias.  “Otherwise Suzy Mae will be a prisoner forever, and I’ll never be able to court her!”
Mitch looked sharply at Cousin Elias for a minute.  “And I suppose if you did court Suzy Mae, you’d be wanting to marry her right away?”
“Me?!” cried Cousin Elias.  “Married?!  No, I don’t think so.  Not that fast.”  Then he suddenly realized what he was saying.  “Oh, all right!” he said while swatting at a fly with his hat.  “Maybe it is too soon to talk about marriage.  But don’t take too long.  Suzy Mae needs to be set free so’s she can spend all her time with me!  I’ll give you until next week before I mention marriage again.”
Mitch just shook his head with a smile and went back to watering his cherry tomato plants.

And that is how the invincible Sheriff Mitch finally met his match, from a person who hadn’t even said a single word to him.  And that is also why, in the hopes of being able to soon court Suzy Mae, every bachelor in Broken Jaw Junction suddenly went on his best behavior so that Mitch would spend less time breaking up fights, and more time with Judith Mae.


////


Chapter 11 - How Mitch Arranged for the Town to be Safe While he was Gone

Two months had passed since Mitch started courting Judith Mae.  During that time Broken Jaw Junction saw more peace and quiet than it had since gold had been discovered, since every bachelor in town had gone on his best behavior in order to let Mitch spend time with Judith Mae.
Mitch took full advantage of the free time.  He and Judith Mae took buggy rides into the country and went on lots of strolls through the hills, looking for rare flowers or plants.  Sometimes they would just sit and talk on Farmer Jones' porch while poor Suzy Mae watched jealously from the window and then started to argue with her father over why he wouldn't let her go courting too.
But the thing Mitch and Judith Mae liked best was to spend time in their gardens.  They spent hours in Mitch’s garden at the sheriff's office, tenderly watering each plant, carefully weeding down each row and talking to all of the beets, radishes, egg plants, etc.  Then they would walk out to Farmer Jones' house and spend more hours doing the same thing with Judith Mae's flower garden.  With all the attention and love they were getting, Mitch's vegetables and Judith Mae's flowers couldn't help but grow and prosper.  Some of Mitch's potato's looked as big as watermelons, and the deep velvet color of Judith Mae's roses was so amazing that bees would come from miles around just to see it.
Finally there came a day when Mitch was sitting in his office staring out the open window while twiddling a cantelope vine between his finders.  Cousin Elias was trying to swat flies with a horseshoe (without much success).
"So, when ya gettin' married?" asked Cousin Elias absently.  He asked this question at least 40 times a day, and Mitch had long since stopped answering.  (For those who might be curious, Cousin Elias had already asked this question 2,472 times).
For a moment the only sound in the office was the drone of the fly Elias was trying to swat.  Suddenly he took a wild swing and banged his horseshoe into Mitch's desk.  "Blasted fly!" said Elias darkly.  "This horseshoe just isn't working too well.  Do 
you think I'd get him quicker using a horse harness?"
"A week from Friday," said Mitch.
"Hey, now, it won't take me that long to get him," said Elias.
"No," said Mitch.  "I'm just answering your question, and the answer is a week from Friday."
"Question?" said Cousin Elias.  "What question?"
"The question you asked a minute ago," replied Mitch, picking up his watering can and heading for the door.
"What question did I ask a minute ago?" mumbled Elias, while Mitch went out to water his broccoli plants.  "I didn't say anything.  I was just trying to swat that fly and I asked the same question I ask every day—"
Sudden realization dawned on Cousin Elias.  He smacked the side of his head with his hand and then let out a loud whoop.  "Halleluiah!" he cried in a voice so loud that he scared a chicken outside the window half to death.  Then he ran outside to pump Mitch's hand and congratulate him over and over and over.
Within fifteen minutes news of the wedding was spread all over town.  There was dancing in the streets in front of the saloon since the miners and cowboys knew they finally had a chance at Suzy Mae.  Then they all started getting ready to see her.  Once again there was a massive amount of bath taking, haircut getting and general sprucing up.  (Joe Cloober sold another bottle of cologne for $50).  After that, a mass of eligible bachelors (led by Cousin Elias) headed for Farmer Jones' place.
When they got there they found Farmer Jones sitting on his customary chair on the porch with his shotgun in his lap.  However, this time as the men approached he got up, set the gun aside, stretched his huge arms, and ambled out to meet them.
"We've come to call on Suzy Mae," a dozen voices said at once.
"Well, boys," said Farmer Jones, "I am a man of my word.  Now that Judith Mae will be getting married I won't stand in the way of anyone who wants to call on Suzy Mae."
A cheer went up from the crowd and a large number of hats were thrown in the air.
"However," said Farmer Jones, waving his hand for silence, "you guys still have a problem."
"What?!" cried about fifty voices in consternation.  "What's wrong now?"
"Well," said Farmer Jones with a slight smile, "I think this is all a little sudden for Suzy Mae.  She's used to just waving to you boys from a distance, rather than actually courting someone."  He coughed self-consciously, then said, "she's hiding under the bed and won't come out for anyone."

The wedding of Mitch and Judith Mae promised to be the most exciting event the town had seen since Old Jake found gold.  The schoolhouse, which also served as the town church on Sundays, was being decorated by the Ladies Aid with every pretty, frilly thing they could find.  An organ was being imported all the way from Sacramento and a reception was planned after the wedding at Judith Mae's flower garden outside Farmer Jones' house.  After that the newlyweds were going to leave for a two month honeymoon to visit Mitch's family in West Virginia, and a lot of other exciting places in between.
The only person who wasn't excited about it all was Cousin Elias.  As soon as he learned that Mitch and Judith Mae would be gone for two months leaving him in charge of law and order in town, he headed straight for the office to start packing.
Mitch watched him silently for a moment, then asked innocently, "whatcha doing?"
"You know darn well what I'm a doin'!" replied Cousin Elias curtly.  "I won't last a day as deputy in this town with you gone, and everybody knows it.  This place is gonna be sheer chaos two hours after you leave."
"Hmmm ..." mumbled Mitch, rubbing his chin.  "Well, you know, I actually already arranged for a temporary sheriff to take care of things while I'm gone.  I was kind of hoping you’d stick around to help out this new sheriff."
"Really?" said Cousin Elias looking up in surprise.  Then suddenly he snorted and went back to packing.  "Whoever it is will end up in Boot Hill in less than a day.  And I don't intend to be laid to rest with him!"
"It's somebody you know," said Mitch.  "I think they were looking forward to working with you."
"You're just tryin' to make me curious,” replied Cousin Elias.  "I don't care who it is.  There's nothing you could possibly say to convince me to stay and work with him.  He'll have to do it alone."
"O.k., then," said Mitch offhandedly.  "I'll tell Suzy Mae you don't want to work with her."
Elias dropped the gold pan he was packing with a clatter and whirled around to stare wildly at Mitch.  In a hoarse voice he croaked, "what did you say?"
Mitch laughed.  "Tell me," he said casually, "is there a man in this territory, bad or good, who wouldn't do anything Suzy Mae asked them to do?  Why, I think even the meanest galoot would willingly put himself in jail in a flash if she just asked.  So I arranged for her to be temporary sheriff in my absence—with you to help her out as deputy, of course."
Cousin Elias mouthed some words but nothing came out.  Then he grabbed Mitch and gave him a bearhug, after which he went dancing around the office yelling 'yippee!' 'yippee!' 'yippee!'
Mitch laughed again.  "I thought you might like the idea.  So it's all settled then?  You'll stay?"
"WILL I?!" yelled Cousin Elias.  "She's been holed up under her bed since you announced you were gettin' married.  She won't see anybody.  But now she'll have to see me!"  Then, not knowing  what else to do, he gave Mitch another bearhug.
"Well, I'm glad to hear you like the idea," said Mitch with a smile.  "I've only got one question for you."
"What's that?" asked Cousin Elias.
With a twinkle in his eye, Mitch asked, "so, when are you two getting married?"

The day of the wedding arrived with a clear blue sky and plenty of sunshine (of course, 360 out of 365 days a year in the Nevada desert are blue sky days with plenty of sunshine).  When the hour of the wedding arrived, every man, woman and child in Broken Jaw Junction jammed into the school/church and overflowed out onto the street.  There were even a few people up on the roof, hoping to somehow hear what was said inside.  
Judith Mae looked stunning in a flowing white dress that stood out in stark contrast against the dull, grey countryside surrounding Broken Jaw Junction.  She looked so pretty and angelic and happy (even when standing next to her sister Suzy Mae, who had ventured out to the wedding), that all of the bachelors started wondering why they had let Mitch have her.  Meanwhile Mitch stood silently nearby decked out in a shiny black tuxedo that used to belong to the undertaker, which he had left behind when he left town. (It hadn’t been used since then, since no one had died in town since Mitch arrived)  Mitch seemed to be in kind of a daze, with a rather goofy, nervous smile on his face, and he kept fiddling with the flower in his buttonhole so much that the poor thing was soon a mangled mess.
After the preacher droned on for awhile (along with about 1000 flies), he pronounced them officially hitched.  Then there was the traditional throwing of rice (only they used ragweed seed instead since there wasn't much rice in Broken Jaw Junction) and cheering and shooting.  Then everybody followed the bride and groom out to Judith Mae's flower garden at Farmer Jones' place for the reception.  There was plenty of chili and bread for everyone, and lots of salad from Mitch's garden (which hardly anyone ate) and some cake and plenty of water to drink.  (The saloon keeper had set aside his dislilke of Mitch for the day by offering to discount his drinks for the reception, but Mitch and Judith Mae had decided that water would keep the peace much better).  Since Suzy Mae was the only unmarried girl in town, and had ran straight home after the wedding to hide under the bed again, Judith Mae went into the house and tossed her bouquet under the bed, so Suzy Mae could catch it and therefore be the next to be married.
During the reception, a few of the miners and cowboys who thought they could sing (even though no one else did), formed a little quartet and serenaded the crowd.  This made Mitch's dogs start to whine and howl and run around in circles.  What with the cheering and shooting and back slapping and talking and singing and dog howling, there was so much noise it must have been heard all the way to Soda Jerk Springs.
All in all, it was a great day, a celebration the likes of which Broken Jaw Junction had never seen.  Even the saloon keeper was happy, mainly because he knew he wouldn’t have to see Mitch’s face in town for two whole months during the honeymoon.
Later that afternoon Mitch loaded up the buggy and got ready to head out on to West Virginia.  When he was nearly done, he looked up the street and saw a crowd coming from the direction of Farmer Jones' place.  They were led at the front by Judith Mae, Suzy Mae and Farmer Jones who was carrying his shotgun.  Cousin Elias and about 100 eager eligible bachelors followed behind them.
When they arrived at the sheriff's office, Suzy Mae said in a trembling voice, "I'm here to start work as substitute sheriff."
Mitch smiled and said, "You're a mighty brave girl to take on this job, and I'm grateful to you."  Taking off his sheriff's badge he handed it to her.  "Do you think you can handle it?"
"No problem there," said Farmer Jones.  "I decided to come along and bring ol' Bessie here (he patted his shotgun affectionately) so's I could help."
"And I'm here to help too!" said Cousin Elias eagerly.
"That's great," said Mitch, facing Farmer Jones and Cousin Elias.  "But Suzy Mae will actually be the sheriff, and will make all the sheriff decisions, so you two will need to follow her orders.”  Turning back to Suzy Mae, he asked, “So what do you think?  Does it look like something you can do?"
She looked at the badge in her hand for a minute, then said, "If I put this badge on, I'll be the sheriff, right?"
"That's right," said Mitch.
"And I'll have the authority to enforce the law and tell people what to do?" asked Suzy Mae.
"Yep," replied Mitch.
Suzy Mae smiled and put on the badge.  "Then I'll be just fine," she said happily.  Then turning to the crowd of eager bachelors, she said firmly, "I want you all to go about your business and stop following me or I'll lock you up for vagrancy!"
No one moved.  Being locked up in jail close to Suzy Mae was just what they all wanted.
"Oh, and I should mention," Suzy Mae added, "I'm going to be staying at my house while I’m sheriff, and let Cousin Elias keep the jail, with the instruction to fix your meals from Mitch's garden."
Everyone scattered.  Within thirty seconds there wasn't a single bachelor to be seen except for Cousin Elias.
"Well done," said Mitch approvingly.  "I can see that I'm leaving the town in good hands."  Then he took Judith Mae's hand and helped her up into the buggy, after which he hopped up himself.  "Well, Elias," he said calmly, turning to face his cousin, "you and Suzy Mae are now in charge.  Make sure the town stays out of trouble, don't forget to feed the dogs, and remember that Mrs. Gates has free access to all my gardening tools and seeds, since she'll be taking care of my garden and Judith Mae's flowers while we're gone."
Cousin Elias smiled stupidly, standing as close to Suzy Mae as he could get.
"Suzy Mae," said Mitch, "this cousin of mine is a good guy, although he does get a bit excited at times.  Think you'll be o.k. to work with him?"
Suzy Mae looked at Cousin Elias (who turned red in the face).  Then she smiled and said, "One hundred men all at once is too much, but one is just fine!  We'll be o.k."
"I'll make sure of that!" growled Farmer Jones, waving his shotgun.
Mitch smiled, then said, "we'll be seeing you then in about two months!"  Then he clicked to his horse and headed out of town.

And that is how Mitch outsmarted everyone who wanted to take the town back to lawlessness during his honeymoon by appointing Suzy Mae as sheriff.  And that is also how he rode off into the sunset with the girl of his dreams.

///

If you enjoyed this book, please let the author know at: duanelostler@gmail.com. 

Also, you might enjoy the following, coming soon to Smashwords:

COUSIN ELIAS AND THE TAMING OF QYPSY JANE by Duane L. Ostler

After a month-long honeymoon, Itchy Mitch is back in Broken Jaw Junction.  This time he and his vegetables have to face rampaging Indians, a smooth talking gambler, and the coming of the railroad.  

But even these difficulties are nothing compared to the coming of ‘Gypsy Jane,’ who lands like a thundercloud on Broken Jaw Junction.  Raised in the desert by coyotes, she is the meanest, toughest, orneriest person anyone has ever seen—until she falls head over heels in love with cousin Elias!  

