


Killing Memories
Tatiana Moore


Copyright © 2012 Tanya A. Nading
All Rights Reserved

Smashwords Edition

Revised 2014

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination and are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


**For my family and friends**
* * *
Chapter 1

* * *

I know you’re scared of men, Estela, but you’ve gotta get over it. I’m throwing a party Friday night…
Closing my phone without listening to the rest of my best friend’s message, I yanked off my Java Loo apron and threw it across the room. 
“I’m not scared!” I yelled into the confines of my small, empty Chinatown apartment. Moo wasn’t around to hear me, but it felt good to pitch a fit. 
The only response was four quick thumps on the wall. I stomped over and pounded back.
“Unbunch those panties and pull the rod out of your ass, Mr. Lysman!” One more thud was accompanied by my neighbor’s deep laughter. The old Korean War vet was a conceptual artist who worked with tin cans. He was pretty harmless and liked to give me shit, especially when I yelled at the TV, which I did a lot. Big, playful insults and biting banter was our thing—the nastier the better. We never hit below the belt. I didn’t make cracks about his missing foot and he didn’t poke fun at my droopy size 18 pants. We had a good back-and-forth going most days and I liked him, but at that moment, I wanted to plow my fist through the wall and strangle his leathery old neck.
I kicked one shoe across the room and it hit the door. The second hit the small side table and knocked over my crystal vase. It seemed to shatter before it hit the ground.
“SHIT!” Fists clenched, I turned away from the carnage and glared at my phone. I’d been in a good mood until Moo’s call.
You’re wrong, Moo Moo. I’m not scared of men. 
This preposterous idea entered her head when we were thirteen. Moo was over at my house for a slumber party and out of nowhere she whipped out a Playgirl. The last thing I expected was a spread of naked men with erect penises. One look at the centerfold, I promptly vomited all over her. It was the projectile kind too. The stuff just flew out of me, spewing endlessly until it felt like I’d upchucked my lower intestines. This was followed by a whole lot of screaming and then mangled explanations to my uncle who burst into our makeshift sheet tent with his pistol, thinking that we were being attacked.
Tio took the magazine from Moo’s hands, and, when he saw the naked centerfold and his eight inch member, he shoved it under a pillow like it had never been there to begin with. He ushered us out of the vomit-stained bedding and into the shower.
According to Moo, I threw up because I was scared of penises, and that was why, at twenty-six, I’d never had a serious relationship. That was all hogwash, as my aunt would say. I didn’t throw up because of the lady porn, I barfed because we’d just downed two king-sized Snickers bars, three bags of skittles, four slices of pizza, chili cheese nachos, two ice cream sandwiches, and, like, a zillion donut holes. That was a ton of food to consume in a few hours, and my gag reflex was horrible. 
Several years later, Moo finally admitted that it was probably our binging on junk that made me throw up and not a magazine full of penises. And on the heels of that she’d said, at supersonic speed, “butyou’restillscaredthatmenaregonnahurtyou.” 
“Are you speaking English?”
“You are scared of relationships—of intimacy,” she’d said, somberly. “You can’t live like that.” 
I’m pretty sure I denied her claims just like she denied ever admitting to Tio that she’d found the Playgirl in her father’s bottom bathroom drawer. 
But to be honest, I was a little scared of men. Bad experiences in high school and early college had lingered with me. Such fears would have been fine had I still been in college, but now that I was older they kept me from sexual enlightenment.
A twenty-six year old was not supposed to be scared of men. A twenty-six year old should’ve had at least four (or more) serious relationships. Twenty-six year olds knew how to handle a guy’s body, how to flirt, and what to wear. A twenty-six year old should feel comfortable in her body. She should be comfortable enough to buy sexy underwear just for herself and not drooping granny panties and tank tops with holes.
How was I supposed to explain my lack of experience to a potential lover? 
No one wants to be laughed at, so I didn’t bother putting myself in any temptation zones. Spinsterhood was the life for me.
Sitting on the couch, I grabbed my phone and began fiddling with it. Moo had always been determined to fix this flaw of mine, which often involved setting me up with any man that she could.
Did she ever consider that being a single, independent woman was okay? No, she did not. And who ever said that a woman wasn’t a woman without a man in her life? God love her, but Moo was in and out of relationships all the time. It couldn’t be healthy to always be looking for the next great guy. I blamed Moo’s devil mother for hounding such ideas into that beautiful, supermodel brain of hers. Regardless, she was right: men made me squirrely. 
Around them, my chest tended to swell up with a warning of inevitable pain, followed by five-point Richter scale quakes in my stomach.
The same little eruptions exploded when I bucked up enough courage to listen to the rest of her voicemail:
You’re officially invited to a little soirée that I’m throwing Friday night. I have someone I want you to meet. He’s a good one.
“You always say that,” I grumbled. “Always trying to fix me….” 
I also want you to meet….
Hang up the phone, baby, a man whispered his breath heavy in the phone. I want you right now… you know how I like it.
A twinge of jealousy and a slight pulse of repulsion rushed through my body. I didn’t need to hear whatever was going on. Moo’s voice filtered back in.
Come Stela, okay? Seven o’clock at the beach house… I really… i-eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
Moo’s scream was followed by laughter that ended with wet kissing noises and a moan. Shuddering, I deleted the message and snapped my phone shut. 
Moo with her damn boyfriends, and her damn sexual appetite! 
She was the type of woman who had always been extremely comfortable with her sexual self. I had the experience of an eleven-year-old. She tried to set me up all the time and each one was disastrous. 
Picking up my cell phone, I typed in a quick text: No party. Diarrhea. 
A second after it sent, the phone pang with her response: It’s Wednesday. If you still have diarrhea by Friday you need to go to the hospital. See you at my house. Limo picks you up at seven. Smooch. XOXO
The phone dropped from my hand and clattered on the small coffee table. 
I knew she meant well, but this party was pointless for two reasons: (1) a supermodel should not try to set up her average, plus-sized friend with people who want to hang out with supermodels; they want supermodel girlfriends, not average, slightly frumpy, definitely chubby girlfriends who didn’t own a single piece of clothing without a hole in it; and (2) I was a nun in training. 
Yes!
Excited by this new thought, I sent another text: I am a nun. Nuns don’t date. Celibacy rules!
A second later, her response: For a nun you’ve got a dirty mind, sexy thing. See you Friday. Celibacy is only good for a few months. Sex after fasting is AMAZING!
The moan that expelled from me was loud enough to earn a new knock on the wall. I had no energy to shout an insult, so I spread out on the couch and turned on the TV. I settled on a romantic comedy because they were depressing—all that stupid falling in love. The ridiculous first looks where the hero and the heroine spot each other from across the way and hearts and birdies explode all around them. This particular movie had Rachel McAdams in it so I knew I’d want to die by the end of it. 
Not five minutes into the movie my mind wandered to the guy Moo wanted me to meet. Dread sat like a stone in my gut. I rubbed my eyes and slouched lower on the sofa.
All my life, potential dates and/or boyfriends have dumped all over me. I’d heard it all: I was either too brown, too “square shaped” (harsh, I know), too tall, too quick tempered, too bossy, too loud, too big boned, too judgmental.... Oh you got that scar on your cheek after a dog bit you. That’s sad… but I still don’t think you’re pretty. A few years ago, I’d brushed such comments off my shoulder as if they were nothing. I thought I was pretty awesome—loyal to a T, friendly (for the most part), funny, adventurous (okay, I might’ve pushed that one, but a little part of me really did want to be the female Bear Grylls or some top-ranked CIA spy). But now that I was older I was starting to panic. If I went much longer without some experience I’d become an untouchable super freak.
My first love, which was actually more of a heart-consuming crush, was the cutest boy in high school—Darren Silversmith. He was the epitome of gorgeousness. A surfer from California—a rare find in Queens—with green-blond (chlorine-dyed) hair, huge blue eyes, a nice little six pack (for a fourteen year old), and these amazing dimples. Darren spoke with the twang of a surfer and licked his lips a lot. I’d always been mesmerized by the way his tongue would roll over his bottom lip. Slowly, always so tantalizingly slow.
I used to daydream about making out with him under the bleachers at the stadium after football games. Because I hadn’t been french kissed yet, I spent most of the time imagining what it would be like. Would it be squishy or wet? I pretended that I was a superior kisser—far better than any of the other girls at school. Better than Moo even, who had a strong reputation as the best kisser in school. Thoughts of french kissing sometimes led to thoughts of sex.
My mother, a fervent Catholic, would have dropped dead if she knew what kind of dirty, raunchy thoughts pulsed through her 14-year-old niña’s head every time Darren Silversmith’s tongue darted out over his luscious, full lower lip. Darren had this devil-may-care attitude. When he passed me in the halls, butterflies assaulted my stomach like aerial bombers.
Darren was everything to me.
It was a cold fall afternoon when he broke my heart. I remember it like it was yesterday: 
Moo wore a pretty purple sundress. She was always playing with her long auburn hair, flipping it back and forth. If she wore it in a ponytail, she’d swing her head around so much my uncle always said she’d give herself whiplash. That afternoon, when she wasn’t playing with her hair, she was stabbing at her salad with little-to-no dressing, which was (and still is) the staple of her diet. I slurped the last bit of my chocolate two-percent milk from the bottom of the carton and watched Darren flirt with Elizabeth Burkhart. 	
“Dare you to go talk to him,” Moo had cooed, batting her long, mascara-covered eyelashes at me. I watched her blue eyes flick toward Darren’s table. When she looked back at me, the little smile on her face was gone and had been replaced with all seriousness. “You can’t sit here and be silent forever, Estela. You can’t always hide from the cute boys. We’re freshmen now—we have to start dating.”
I sighed and picked up my rectangular-shaped pepperoni pizza and took a huge bite. Pizza sauce had dribbled down my chin. 
Tio will kill anyone I date.
Since Darren’s first day at our school, I hadn’t really been able to say a single word to him.
I felt the blood rush to my cheeks and slouched in my hard plastic chair. One day, I would look Darren Silversmith in the eye and tell him I loved him. 
“You’re such a chicken, Stela,” Moo sighed. I threw a grape at her, pleased when she snatched it out of the air with her teeth. I threw another and it hit her in the forehead.
“It’s easy for you,” I said. She could break into their circle because she’d been a model since she was an infant. After scoring a Gap contract at the end eighth grade, she was a queen by the start of the school year. To Darren and his crew, Moo was a goddess and I was her hideous troll friend.
Moo pierced a cherry tomato with her fork, drawing my eyes back to her. “I bet you,” she paused to think, “I bet you fifty dollars that you won’t go up to him and ask him to the spring dance on Friday.”
I snorted and shoved the last bite of pizza into my mouth, smacking it until it was mush. My eyes drifted back to Darren’s table where he was arm wrestling with one of the other jocks. Darren pinned the kid’s hand down on the table, and a small cheer went up from the girls surrounding him.
I sighed, slouching down in my chair again; my round stomach poking out beneath my t-shirt.
“Come on, Stela,” Moo got up and hurried around our table. She dragged her tray to her. I let my head rest against her shoulder and she rubbed my back for a few minutes. When she tried to feed me salad, I drew back with a scowl. “He’s not scary, you know. He’s just a boy.”
“He’s just Darren Silversmith,” I hissed. “Do you realize Moo, that I could be Mrs. Darren Silversmith in a few years?”
She made a face, her lip curling. “You want to get married right out of high school? What’s the point of that? What about all the boys you’ll miss out kissing?”
“Overrated,” I murmured waving my hand dismissively. (By that point I had had two disgusting kisses that had turned me off from the whole idea.) “I just want one lover—one perfect, blond-haired, blue-eyed lover who will make passionate love to me on the smooth surface of his surf board.”
Moo began to giggle. “Fifty bucks says that you don’t go up to him and ask him to the spring dance.” She jabbed her elbow into my stomach, affectionately nicknamed Donut Hole by my aunt, and batted her eyelashes at me again.
Fifty dollars was a fortune! I would be able to buy a new dress for the dance with fifty dollars. I glanced back at Darren and then looked at Moo. The taunting excitement on her face was enough to push me up out of my chair. I marched across the cafeteria in my purple Keds and black stirrup pants, and stopped in front of the popular kids’ table.  
Elizabeth saw me coming and draped her arm over Darren’s shoulders. This should have been my first warning. I saw his eyes dip down to her boobs as she leaned in to whisper something into his ear. As Darren turned to look at me, my chest hiccoughed and my steps faltered. I had nothing to entice Darren away from Elizabeth. She was tall, thin, and had big boobs. I was tallish, chubby, and small boobs (Tia said daily that they would grow and they certainly did, but then so did my belly). Elizabeth was perfect; I was sludge.  
Darren and Elizabeth stared at me for a moment before she bent her head and whispered something else into his ear. Darren laughed and then raised his eyebrow at me. I heard Moo approaching me from behind, her jelly sandals flopping noisily against the linoleum floor. I took a deep breath and approached the table. Sucking in my courage, and my gut, I smiled and folded my hands together in front of me.
“Hi, Darren.”
“Hi… Estela Ramos, right?”
Holy shit, he knows me! He knows me! I had a hard time containing my elation. I didn’t stop to think that maybe Elizabeth had just told him.
“Hi!” my voice squeaked. 
Elizabeth laughed and slapped her hand over her mouth, her eyes alight with mirth. A few of the other jocks turned to look at me. They elbowed each other and pointed, and soon I had a fully captivated audience.  In fact, it felt like the whole cafeteria stood still and watched me.
Embarrassed by my squeaky voice, I rushed on as quickly as I could, “I just wanted to say that I think you’ve got the cutest dimples in the world and that I… think you’re really, really cute.”
“Oh. My. God.” Moo’s voice was just behind me; her whispered words made my skin shiver with goose bumps. Had I just made a horrible mistake? Was this the stupidest thing I had ever done? I glanced back at her and saw the horror on her face. Suddenly I didn’t care—I had never lost one of Moo’s bets in the past, I wasn’t about to lose now. Biting the inside of my cheek, I turned back to Darren and saw his eyes roaming up and down my body, lingering at my waistline. My heart thudded in my chest as I waited for him to say something. 
I felt Moo’s fingertips tugging the ends of my hair, which hung loosely to the middle of my back. “Come on, Stela.”
Darren shifted uncomfortably as his friends started to snicker. Elizabeth blushed and covered her mouth with her hand, her fingernails glittering with press-on nails painted deep red. She giggled, drawing Darren’s attention to her. He looked at Elizabeth, he looked at his laughing friends, and then he looked at me. His blue eyes darkened ever so slightly. I felt Moo wrap her fingers around my wrist as she stepped closer to me, so close that I could feel the warmth of her slender body against the soft curves of mine. Moo shifted and I felt her tug me back a little.
Determined, I said, “So… the dance.”
He leaned over his orange lunch tray, his blue eyes burning into mine. His lips pursed together slightly before he sneered, “How now, Brown Cow?”

To this day, Moo has said I gave up on love too easily. Thirteen was a bit young to toss in the towel, but she’d never been rejected and didn’t really get where I was coming from. Moo would blink at a guy and he’d treat her like a royalty. I always found her tenacity with boys (now men) intriguing. She made it seem so easy. For me, I always thought that I could do it, until I tried.
I’ve dated, once or twice post graduate school. The first guy talked in a baby voice the entire night, and I never really found out why. The second guy was an actual carney—he worked for Barnie’s Carnival Extravaganza and lived in a trailer with four other guys. His name was Clarence Stillpepper (might have been an alias in retrospect; he’d had a bit of a “molester” vibe about him). He smelled like hot dogs and had dirt (I hoped) caked beneath his fingernails. At the end of the night, after long stories about his roommate’s obsession with upskirts (he warned me not to use the far right portapotty), Clarence licked my cheek and gave me a handful of tickets for the Ferris wheel. He then strode off and hid behind the Tilt-a-Whirl to watch me ride alone, a spark of orange from the tip of his cigarette was the only indication that he remained in the shadows.
Creeper.
According to Moo, Darren calling me a “Brown Cow,” wasn’t the moment that changed my entire outlook on boys forever. No, it was me believing that it was true, claiming that horrible nickname as my own.
Inviting me to parties with tons of eligible, yet untouchable, men, are her way of keeping me wading in the fish pond. Her party would be at her fabulous four million dollar beach house in the Hampton’s. It wouldn’t be black-tie (this wasn’t Hollywood), but it was a given that everyone would look smashing, just like the editorial pages of Vogue that they all aspired to (and which Moo had been in over a dozen times since high school).
My clothing options were pretty basic: black. If lucky, no holes. 
A brooding person always looks good in black. And black is slimming. The last thing I want to look like, strolling into a party full of two-pound skeletons, is a colorful roly-poly. 
My cell chirped. Love you, Stela. xoxo. Moo.
I typed the same back to her and covered my face with a blanket. 
“I’m not scared.” My voice sounded weak in my ears. Throwing the blanket off, I bellowed the words. “I’M NOT SCARED OF MEN!”
Next door, Mr. Lysman was silent. He probably thought I was full of shit. I was a steaming pile of it. But the good thing about being at the bottom of life is finding the determination to make a change. I opened my phone and typed: I’ll be there.
Moo: You’ll fall in love with him.
I pressed my fingers into a growing stomach cramp and gave in to my inevitable fate.

* * *
Chapter 2

* * *

After a long hot shower, a handful of M&Ms, and a little shot of vodka, I felt better about Moo’s party. My mood lifted more when I saw that I’d missed a call from my uncle. Tio was my rock; the father I’d always wanted and never had.
My birth father was a mystery to me. My mother refused to talk about him and became irate whenever I asked questions. As far as she was concerned, I was an immaculate conception. She then spent the majority of my life treating me as if I were the antichrist. By the time I was in college, I stopped asking about him. By that time I was beyond content with Tio. My uncle gladly stepped into the role, and, in my opinion, all men should kowtow to him. Because of him, I had a small sliver of hope that some decent man was out there waiting to woo me. Unfortunately, I wasn’t likely to find him at Moo’s party. 
I pressed the call back button and settled onto the sofa. Tio answered on the second ring.
“Hola Butterlips!” His voice, a tenor, was smooth like jazz. It had been a few days since we’d talked, so I nestled down, warm and content. “I was thinking about you, so I thought I’d call to see how your day went. When are you coming to visit? Your mamá and tia have a new man for you.”
Good god, why does everyone want to set me up all the time?
I groaned, which made him laugh. “Tio, no, please. Why do you allow this?”
My aunt and mother’s selections in men were worse than Moo’s. My mother picked men that were more suitable for her (plain and often portly) and then forced them down my throat. Her thought patterns for choosing these losers was probably something like: Hey, my twenty-six-year-old daughter needs a man, why not this forty-nine-year-old perpetual bachelor with a crazy case of onion body odor? 
Because I’d been single most of my life, she thought I committed the crime of the century. She went out of her way to find middle-aged Hispanic men for me to date. She refused to acknowledge any other person. It was always: He’s Hispanic. He’s from Mexico. He’s a little bit gordo from the tortillas and beans, but you’re gordita—you’ll have beautiful babies. She was absolutely ridiculous and a little racist.
“When will you come?” Tio’s voice was feathery light and made my eardrum tickle. When he spoke in Spanish it sounded like he was singing. I’d seen my aunt flustered with a simple hello. Of course he was always grabbing at her ass too.
“Never,” I grumbled. “I don’t want to meet anyone—I’m never coming home.”
Of course the idea of never going back to Queens to see my family wasn’t realistic. Tio knew my threat was an empty one. He didn’t care that my mother and aunt were busy bodies and horrible matchmakers; he wanted me to come home and visit him. Despite the surplus of horrid matches, my family was everything to me. I went home once a week—no matter what. With the holiday season approaching, I’d be there more often. I was excited for our upcoming weekend-long Thanksgiving.
“Have you met this guy that they have for me?”
He laughed for a moment before sighing heavily, “Oh, Estela… he’s a good man.”
Was there such a thing? “Are you sure? Have you met him?”
“No, not this one, but I trust my Amilia.” Tia’s taste wasn’t as bad as my mother’s, but she’d pushed bad guys on me enough in the past that I don’t trust her either. Since he’d taken my aunt’s word, I knew that this newest guy was my mother’s doing. So the outlook of him being monstrous was pretty high.
Tio sighed. “They weren’t all bad, mija.”
“Yeah right!” I cried, astounded that he could think of it any other way; he knew how horrible they were. “Do you remember who Tia tried to set me up with last time?”
“What was wrong with Orlando?” he asked. “He was handsome, no?”
Handsome, yes. The perpetual bologna smell, not so much.
“Umm everything was wrong with that loser,” I answered. “Stop playing with me, Tio.”
Orlando Rios, failed match #410, was a pharmaceuticals rep. He was a thirty-six-year-old (ten years older, which was an improvement to the forty-six year old I’d been on an awkward date with) divorcee with a twelve-year-old little girl (and these two facts negated that he was a respectable age). He seemed like a decent fellow with his own apartment and car, but then I realized that he disliked modern inventions like deodorant and toothpaste. He also had weird dietary habits: bologna and Gouda cheese sandwiches at 12:07 pm, not a moment later. All of this was topped all of that off with the multitude of free supplements and diet pills he offered. When he tried to pitch the perfect weight loss pills for me, fresh off the manufacturer’s conveyor belt, I told him to get lost. Like I’d ever put experimental poison into my body just to shed a few pounds.
My mother and I fought like it was the end of the world the night I sent Orlando away. She called me ungrateful, hateful, and selfish. And the killer: “You do need to lose weight! No man will have you with all those rolls.”
I threw up my arms and shouted: “Believe it or not, I’m okay being a size sixteen!” That was a mostly true statement, but it pissed her off. “Look at it, mama. Look at all this sex-i-ness.” I lifted my shirt and lovingly caressed my stomach and love handles. “Oooo, so much to hold on to. I’m a whole lot of woman mama, a whoooooole lot.” 
She stomped off to her room, muttering under her breath in Spanish. I took the train back to Chinatown and cried the whole way.
“Tio, why don’t you come see me,” I said, excitedly. “I bet I could get tickets to a Mets game.” And by me, I meant Moo. 
“You need to come home,” he said. For a moment, I worried that something was wrong, that he was sick and not telling me. I pushed that thought far, far away.
“I’m not interested in being hooked up—can you tell Tia that?”
“I can, but your aunt won’t listen.” I heard him grunt as he got up, and a moment later the patio door slammed with a familiar ratta-tat-tat. In my mind I could see him walking through the small three-bedroom house where I grew up. He was probably heading through the kitchen and foyer into the living room where my aunt Amilia was reading one of her gossip magazines or watching a novela. My mother was probably with her, sewing something that she’d never finish, and complaining about me.
“’Milia,” My uncle cooed. His voice always took on a husky sultriness with my aunt. Sometimes it was cute, and sometimes it made me sick.
“Is it Estela?” Tia asked. There was pure joy in her voice.
Then my mother’s voice came from the background: “Tell her to put makeup on when she comes. Her face is too plain without makeup.”
At times, it felt like she wished I’d never been born.
“She’s fine how she is,” Tio said with finality. In that moment, I knew I was going home. I needed a cuddle from my uncle. Tio would save me from him if I needed saving. To my aunt he said, “Estela doesn’t want you to play matchmaker anymore mi amor.”
“Whaaaatttt?” Tia stretched out the word with dramatic gusto. Only a brief moment passed before she grabbed the other phone extension. “Sobrina,” she began, her voice was laced with seriousness and love, “this one is different, niña, I promise.”
She’d said that exact same thing countless times before so it was easy not to believe her.  
Orlando Rios was just one of many. These dates shared similar qualities: (1) they were in their late thirties or early forties, (2) they were Hispanic (this one should have been first, according to my mother’s requirements), (3) they were perpetual bachelors, widowers or divorcees, some with children (some with children my age), (4) they were mostly affluent with great professions (they were looking for someone who could take care of me, because I obviously couldn’t take care of myself working at a coffee shop when I had a master’s degree in marketing), and (5) they all seemed just a bit desperate for love.
I was single, yes; inexperienced, yes; but desperate for love—not at all. Most days, I didn’t mind being single. Then there were days that were black hells of depression—the “feel sorry for myself” blues days.
“I told you that you shouldn’t have said anything Sylvester,” my mother said with a sad sigh. “She will never get married. Has she lost more weight?”
Size twenties don’t get married.
It was the first time she had commented about my weight in such a way, so naturally I freaked out and lost thirty pounds in two months, dropping two dress sizes. Moo chastised me for hours when she found out the real reason for my health kick. That was six months ago, I hadn’t made much of an effort to lose weight since, and thankfully I hadn’t gained it all back. I felt pretty comfortable as a sixteen. I was Curvy Delicious, as Moo called me. 
“Ask her if she’s lost weight,” my mother said again.
“Tio,” I called, desperate to get off the phone and away from her voice.
“Has she tried those pills yet, Sylvester?” Mother asked. “Amilia, tell her that she needs to be on a diet—no more of those crispy donut things she gets at the store.”
Krispy Kremes. I felt rage bristling up. Heat rushed through my body; every muscle trembled. Typical Marianna Ramos. Why aren’t I good enough for her?
“Can you come to dinner Friday night?” Tia asked. Her voice was pleading and whispery and I was about ready to give in when a little voice entered my head: Moo’s party is on Friday. 
“Nope,” I said trying not to sound smug. “Moo’s having a party and she invited me. Besides, I’m sure that I’ll find a quality man there.” 
Meeting a quality man at Moo’s party wasn’t likely, but my aunt and mother would fall for it because they knew that Moo’s circle was far more affluent and wealthy than theirs.
“Hmmm,” my uncle hummed with consideration, “then you’ll come for dinner on Saturday.”
I will?
“You will,” he said. I started to protest but he cut me off. “Saturday, you’ll come, Estela. Hasta luego, mi corazón.” 
His extension cut off in a “that’s final” kind of way. My aunt remained on the line although I could hear Tio telling her to hang up. I scrambled to think of an excuse for why I couldn’t be at our family dinner Saturday night. Something plausible that she could pass on to my uncle, but my mind was so rattled I could barely think. 
“I can’t come on Saturday, Tia,” I stammered. Unfortunately, I didn’t have a good excuse besides not wanting to meet the next Mr. Wrong. So, I lied, “I have work on Saturday.”
Tia gasped and then sighed; the “oh dear” was full of disappointment. In the background I could hear Tio: She’s lying, hang up the phone.
I hardly ever worked at Java Loo on Saturdays, which is one reason our family dinners were held that day. I thought quickly about how to rectify my lie. Maybe Richard (my boss) would let me work for an hour or so on Saturday? That way I could say I went to work and it wouldn’t be a lie. Or, I could stop by and have a coffee with Olive. She wouldn’t have a problem lying for me, she was a good friend.
As I thought about it, my aunt said, “If your tio says come, you come.”
Well that’s final. I deflated deeper into the sofa. There was no getting out of it, so I agreed to be there for dinner and hung up. I didn’t bother having my aunt tell Mother good night. I was still thinking about her comment on how I’d never get married as a big fat cow. Not her exact words, but pretty close.
“I’ll get married when I damn well feel like it,” I said, turning the TV back on. “And not to some perverted doctor with grown kids and weird personal hygiene!” 
The stupid Rachel McAdams movie was still playing. I turned the TV off and went to my little desk. It took twenty minutes for my beat-up computer to open Firefox. Into the Google search bar I typed “Lovers of BBWs” and trolled the profiles of normal looking men looking for a plus-sized date. After fifteen minutes I started to create a profile under the name Curvy Delicious. The more I typed in the survey fields, the more excited I became. I even exaggerated my weight. Let’s give these chubby chasers a real knock-out. I didn’t need my mother breathing down my neck about marriage. I was proactive! Getting stuff done.
“Upload a picture,” I read aloud. 
I sat back, excitement vanishing. There were serial killers on the internet. The only thing I’d been dishonest about on the profile was my name and my weight, everything else made me traceable. Some guy could find me and chop me up. No sir, not me. I deleted the profile and shut down my computer. I didn’t need a guy with a fetish anyway.

***

“They any good?”
I looked up from the second batch of pumpkin nut muffins; my boss pushed through the double doors that led from the front of Java Loo to the back kitchen. Richard Tober was about forty and looked every year of it. He walked around with a droopy, jowly, I-hate-the-world expression and rarely smiled. His depressed monotone voice made me want to die. My eyes, as always, were drawn to his stomach, which dipped lower than the belt buckle of his jeans. He looked like he had swallowed a bowling ball. He had a stain of something dark on the belly of his hunter-green polo. It looked like smeared grape jelly. I tended to watch Richard’s stomach more than I watched him. Sometimes, I imagined it coming to life and talking to me. For some reason, his stomach was British and very charming.
As Richard shifted around my work station, I wondered why it was okay for him to leave his gut hanging out, while women have to constantly stay nipped and tucked in order to be worth looking at.  Besides, belly overhang wasn’t sexy. I rubbed Donut Hole and thanked god that I wasn’t any bigger than I was in college. 
“They good, Estela?” Richard asked again, gesturing to the muffins.
“I haven’t tried them yet.”
In fact, I was really trying to stick to my “no processed sweet breads until after the holidays” rule, but it was so tempting to sink my teeth into the fresh, steaming pastry and get lost in the texture of the sugar granules baked onto the muffin top. My mouth filled with saliva and my taste buds rebelled.
“I’ve been thinking about making you an assistant manager.” My heart leapt a little. Was he serious? I had been working at Java Loo for a few years with a fifty-cent yearly raise; it was definitely time for a major upgrade. Richard grabbed a muffin from the first batch that was cooling on wire racks and tore off the top. I watched as he threw the stump toward the black trash can missing it by a few feet. He didn’t bother picking it up—he would leave that to me. I knew everyone liked a good muffin top, but the entire thing was baked to perfection. I crossed over to the stump and picked it up. A part of me was determined to sink my teeth in and prove that it was just as moist and delicious as the rest, but there were bits of fuzz hanging off it. Grimacing, I threw it into the trash.
Richard’s pearly-yellow teeth bit into the orangish-brown muffin; he chewed with his mouth open. He made no attempt to acknowledge that it was any good.
“You hear me?” Richard asked as he licked his fingers and then rubbed whatever was left against his stomach.
“Assistant manager.” I nodded. I’d been doing the job of an assistant manager unofficially for a year and a half. I scheduled workers, opened the shop, handled deliveries, and organized and trained new hires. My work was never acknowledged, so it was a little frustrating that he was just now offering me the title. Moo always says to speak up—most of this is your fault. Eat a muffin, Curvy Delicious. You’ll be alright.
“What do you think about that, Estela?” He asked as he smacked his lips, sucking in crumbs that were trying to escape.
“Would it mean giving up my Saturdays?”
“Fewembably.” Richard’s mouth was full and was hard to make out what he said. 
“I’m not interested in giving up my Saturdays,” I said even though I was a little bit interested. More Saturdays at work equaled less matchmaking opportunities for Tia and my mother.
“Come on… it’s a pay increase.” Richard wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
I chewed on the inside of my cheek, like I always did when I was on the spot. On the same day that Darren broke my heart with his “how now brown cow” comment, my cousin Jorge’s pit bull, Choco, jumped at me in a playful manner. I didn’t see it as playtime and may have accidentally kicked at him. Not my proudest moment, but I did it out of pure fear. Choco went berserk and bit me in the face. The dog’s teeth went straight through the center of my right cheek and into the corner of my upper lip. The amount of blood that poured out of my face was insane, the pain intense, the stitches painful. According to Moo, the scar gave my look more character. I was the sexy Latina with a scar. Distinguishable.
Richard waited rather patiently, which wasn’t his norm. I took my time filling up the next muffin cups with batter.
I knew that getting out of being fixed up every weekend and a pay increase (although a meager one) were nice perks of the possible promotion, but the extra hours in Java Loo weren’t that appealing. But at the same time, my coworker Olivia Hermann worked most Saturdays. Next to Moo, Olive was one of my closest friends.
“I guess we can talk about it more when you’re actually offering it to me, Richard, and not just thinking about it,” I finally said.
He shrugged and left the kitchen. I wondered if he would take back the offer—he was fickle like that. Some days I could read his moods and other days I couldn’t. Putting the last batch of muffins into the oven, I cleaned up my station and then took out the mix for our giant sugar cookies. I was digging through a bin of measuring spoons when a knock sounded on the back door. The exit was for emergencies and deliveries only, and since it was barely six in the morning, I knew that it was the Krispy Kreme guy with our morning donuts.
Fridays were the only days that I handled the deliveries, and I looked forward to it, mostly because the delivery guy brought me extra donuts. He had a soft way of speaking to me; I always felt a little warm after he left. I didn’t flirt or anything—actually, I avoided him for the most part. He’d drop off the donuts, I’d sign for them while he chatted me up with the basic “hi, how are you” and “nice weather today!” When he got to “so, I was wondering if you...” I shut him down and sent him out the door. I wasn’t great at flirting. It was a nice little routine we had and I had to admit that, although awkward (and a little stressful), I enjoyed the deliveries.
Wiping my hands on my apron, I glanced out the small security peep hole. A green ball cap with the Krispy Kreme logo was at my eye level. His longish black hair curled up around the edges. I bit my lip and took a deep breath. It was silly to get so worked up, but he did sometimes flirt with me—I wasn’t imagining it. No one ever flirted with me unless they were missing teeth.
Just get business done, girl, and get his cute little butt out of here.
Letting my breath out, I pulled the door open and smiled, keeping my eyes just over his shoulder. He might have smiled at me, but I wasn’t sure. Not looking at him was part of my process as well.
“Morning, Estela,” he said.
“Morning—” I didn’t know his name, and for some reason blood rushed to my cheeks and down my neck. It had been months, I should have learned his name in that much time. As he moved past me with two baker’s dozen boxes of donuts, I shamelessly checked out his butt and then followed him as he carried the boxes to my work station.
Maximus, I thought, that’s what I’ll call you.
“How are you?” he asked.
“Good, thanks.” I took the purchase order from him and looked it over while he bumbled around, shuffling back and forth as he organized the boxes. There was a small box on top of the stack—my donuts. I shifted away when he turned toward me. He was pretty average in height and size, although I was pretty sure that he had a little belly on him. I didn’t spend a lot of time gazing at his face, so I wouldn’t be able to tell a sketch artist what he looked like. I figured he was attractive. Looking at an attractive man was like looking at Medusa—I turned to stone each time.
He smelled attractive—spicy—but maybe that was the donuts.
I walked over to the oven and flipped on the light. The muffins were baking nicely.
Go talk to him, stupid. Remember… you’re NOT scared. 
“Nice day out.” My ears perked as his voice was close to me. But I knew that he was still across the room at the baking station. I could feel his eyes on me. My toes curled and blood rushed between my legs. This was pretty normal, especially when Maximus the Krispy Kreme man was involved. I wasn’t sure what about him was so tempting. He was wooing me with butterscotch-caramel-covered deliciousness. Are you so easy that you’ll quake for donuts? Pathetic, Estela.
“Yea, it’s nice out,” I said.
“We’re supposed to have a few nice days.”
Our awkward and strange communication always felt like a waltz danced ten feet apart. I knew exactly what Moo would say about Maximus too (if I told her). I kept him to myself because it wasn’t really anything to write home about; she would say that he wanted to jump my bones and that I should let him.
“Brought you some cake donuts with butterscotch frosting,” he said tapping the box. “Your favorites.”
“Thank you.” I stepped closer to the counter, drawn to the sweet smell of fresh donuts. I’m not sure why he started bringing them for me. He never accepted payment no matter how many times I tried to hand over five dollars.
“How much do I owe ya?” I asked, determined to pay this time. I made my way to my locker when he called out.
“Nah, don’t worry about it—my treat.”
“No, I’ll pay,” I insisted. A nervous tickle rolled in my stomach as I felt him coming closer. “It’s my treat okay? Estela.” 
There was something in the way he said my name that made my entire body throb. I turned around, ready to face him, to actually look at him. Then I chickened out and I walked over to the donuts. I pushed open one lid and marked down the inventory. 
“All here!” I declared, scrawling my name hastily along the bottom line of the purchase order. I then shoved it at Maximus. He chuckled and added his initials to the form. He tore off a pink copy for me. He turned to leave and then stopped. Every muscle in my body tensed up. He’s going to ask me out… no, he’s not, you’re not his type. You’re nobody’s type. I feared that he would ask me out and I’d screw it up, and then it—whatever it was—would be destroyed. I busied myself by arranging the donuts on a tray. I hoped my cold shoulder would rebuff him, but I could feel him staring at my neck and that tickling sensation only grew. He approached, pausing at the counter. His fingers were long and graceful looking: short, clean nails, nimble fingers. Maximus leaned forward and made a strange little noise like he was going to ask me something.
I turned, giving him my back. Damnit Estela, you’re such a weakling. A coward! I wanted to run to the front of the store and help Bryan with the customers. I turned back around, heart racing, ready to say something, but he was walking toward the back door. My eyes dropped to his butt, moving subtly in those dark blue jeans.
“Bye,” I called, my voice shaking. “Thank you… for… you know, making your usual delivery. And doing it so well.” Blood rushed from my face. Did I just say that?
Maximus turned at the door, a little smile flashed from beneath the shadow cast off the brim of his cap. He sighed before saying, “Well, I hope you have a great day, Estela.”
He left, disappearing into the bright mid-morning light. As the door banged, I chewed on the inside of my cheek and threw my pencil across the kitchen. 
You’re always running… always hiding! I rubbed my face and sighed. How did people stop doing what kept them tied down and miserable? This flaw was embedded in my DNA. Shaking off my disappointment at yet another missed opportunity, I used my headset to tell Richard the donuts had arrived.
“Well, you’ve got two legs,” he responded his voice broken with static from the ancient headset that still smelled like McDonald’s fries. “Carry them on out, we’ve got hungry customers.” I was about to do this when the small box with two frosted donuts caught my eye. I lifted one out. Still warm. Oh, Maximus.

***

“You’re coming, right?”
“Yes, Moo.” I sighed. I was standing in my underwear and a bra in the middle of my apartment trying to choose the right black outfit to wear. A skirt or pants? Skirt or pants? If I picked the skirt I would have to shave and shaving was torture. Pants were the easier choice, although definitely more blah.
“For god’s sake,” Moo suddenly cried, “please don’t wear black—you always wear black!” I held the cell phone with my shoulder and picked up my pants. They were a bit faded and definitely old. “Put the pants down.” Moo said in her best cop voice.
I smiled. She knew me better than I knew myself. My panties were neon pink, which had to say something about me. Putting Moo on speaker, I pulled the pants on followed by a black top that had black sequins sewn across the V-neckline that showed off my ample cleavage. Black calf-high boots followed. 
“You’re wearing black,” Moo said, disappointed.
“Sure am,” I laughed. I could have accessorized with some color, but what was the point?  Black was stylish and sexy. Too bad everything was a different shade. I frowned at my reflection. It really was an unfortunate outfit.
“Oh, Stela, what am I going to do with you?”
What the heck does she have against black anyway? Lately, her complaints about what colors I wore had risen. Wear yellow, wear pink! You’re not going to a funeral.
“It’s just black!” I exclaimed. “Black is sexy.”
“You probably look like that Goth kid you loved in high school!”
I dropped my voice so I sounded like Richard: monotone, dull, and stoned out, “It’s an ode to Chris, man.” As she laughed, I picked up my blood-red pea coat and folded it over my arm. “My coat’s red.”
“I bought you that.” She sounded so happy, but it was a fake happy. I paused at my apartment door. I was torn between feeling optimistic at her tone and petrified that something was terribly wrong. Moo was a friendly, vivacious person. She was constantly happy, but never shrill happy.
“Moo? Is everything okay?”
“Yes, sure.” She laughed. “I’m totally fine.”
Totally fine. This was something she said when struggling to keep herself composed after having a few too many drinks. The party didn’t start for a few more hours. Moo shouldn’t be drunk yet. Actually, she shouldn’t be drinking at all without me. We’d made a pact. “But it’s not really cold enough for that coat, Stela.”
It was November 1st. The fall had been unseasonably warm, but I could feel the winter snow approaching Manhattan. We’d been terrorized with a few mild storms, but she was right it wasn’t cold enough for a pea coat so I tossed it over the back of the couch.
“Can you please change? Put on something yellow.”
Moo and her damn yellow!
“Moo, I’m already dressed and out the door.” I rattled my keys next to the phone and pulled open the door. From the side table, I grabbed my pepper spray and a pack of gum. I shoved everything into my sparkly “going-out” purse. It was covered in rhinestones and sequins—Moo was going to hate it.
“For god’s sake don’t call me Moo in front of my friends!”
This was a pretty regular command when it came to me attending one of her mixers. She wasn’t ashamed or even embarrassed of my nickname for her; she just felt that other people took it the wrong way. She was, after all, Molia Hart, supermodel of supermodels, and I was basically calling her a cow—in a loving way, of course. She didn’t want her “friends” or the media catching on. Besides, if Moo even gained an ounce, the gossip blogs and magazines would twist her nickname into some overweight slur.
“This is a really important night, Stela,” Moo said as I grabbed my overnight bag and headed out of my apartment and down the stairs to the first floor.
“Moo, what’s this guy’s name anyway? The one you’re dating.”
“Estela, why don’t you practice calling me Molia while we’re on the phone?” her voice was firm and maybe a bit annoyed. I rolled my eyes. I wasn’t going to forget to call her Molia in public.
“Whatever, Moo, what’s his name and where did you meet him?”
She sighed like some love-sick Disney princess. No, it was more like she had just experienced the most wondrous pleasure imaginable and wanted to give me a full description of it. I tried not to make gagging noises, but one slipped out. She was so overdramatic when it came to men. Since high school she’d been entertaining (or educating, according to her) me with stories of her torrid love affairs. When she lost her virginity at seventeen—forget about it. It was all she had talked about for days. I knew every detail of Ryan Pope’s penis; it was hard for me to look at him after that, and he didn’t really care to look at me either. I was glad they only dated for a few months. After Ryan, Moo turned her eyes on older, more experienced men.
“I met him in Milan,” Moo said. I could hear voices in the background, which meant she was probably getting her hair and makeup done. “His name is Chance.”
Ugh, douchbag name.
“He’s really so amazing, Stela, you’re going to just love him.” There it was again, a hitch in her voice. She wasn’t happy. I could understand why she was pretending if other people were around, but she never did that with me. The last time she did… well, it was pretty bad. Her voice sounded wistful in my ear. “I told him how you fear men. He was really understanding and curious about that.”
Struggling to keep my grip on my phone, I stopped in the middle of the stairs. Mrs. Li, who lived two doors down from Mr. Lysman, passed with a smile. When she was gone, I ducked my head and lowered my voice.
“You. Did. What?” I felt myself growling, each word came out short and clipped. 
I couldn’t believe she’s told some complete stranger about something so personal about me. Moo was usually pretty discrete, and to tell someone that she herself had only met six months ago! I tried to reign in my frustration. Something was definitely going on with her.
“Why would you do that, Moo?”
Her voice softened. “I didn’t say that you were scared of penises or anything.”
She still wasn’t getting it, which wasn’t like her at all. Where had this insensitive monster come from? Oh god.... Was she turning into her mother? She was completely alien at that moment. It was like the past nineteen years of our friendship meant nothing.
“What’s going on?” I demanded.
“Nothing!” she sighed. “I swear.”
My desire to see Moo intensified. It had been about six months since we’d last seen each other. She’d been all over the world in that amount of time. We talked every day by phone, but she was a good actress. Maybe she’d been out of town for too long. When I wasn’t there to keep her grounded she started to float and fade. I needed to slap the diva right out of her beautiful face.
“I can’t believe you told him that,” I said with disgust.
“I’m sorry okay?” she said, earnestly. “It was stupid to tell him, I was drunk.”
“You were drunk?” I stopped again. It was too risky for her to drink with other people. Something she learned about herself while in rehab for her heroin addiction. It was a time that was incredibly difficult and scary, for her and for me. During the two years of her addiction, we’d been apart, me in graduate school and Moo working with an agency in France. At first, we talked all the time, and then, in the height of her addiction, the calls became sporadic. Her personality had changed and she began pretending.
Now, she was drinking and pretending. If I could’ve I would have rented a helicopter to get me to the Hamptons. A limo ride would never get me there fast enough.
“Is the limo there?” 
Distracted by Moo’s question, I hurried down the rest of the stairs. Sure enough, there was a man standing just outside the entrance of my apartment, peering at me through the dirty window. I opened the door and he stepped back.
“Estela Ramos?” He asked, rolling the “R.” I was instantly charmed, even though rolling the “R” was completely unnecessary, inaccurate, and annoying.
“Why, yes, I am,” I said. My tone might have been a bit sultry because he blushed and bowed. I felt like Chinatown royalty.
“Oh goodie,” Moo said in my ear. I had forgotten about her at the sight of the driver and the long black limo that he’d somehow squeezed onto the narrow street. “Have fun Stela… I’ll see you soon. Oh, Stela?”
Her mysterious tone put me on guard. “What did you do, Moo?” 
“That rhymed,” she giggled and said yes to someone asking if she wanted more Champagne. Oh god, Moo. The driver took my ratty overnight bag off my shoulder. “Estela,” she said. “Remember to be nice.”
Be nice
Moo hung up and left me standing there. I glanced at the dark tinted windows of the limo. What was she up to? I snapped my phone shut and smiled at the driver because he was starting to look nervous. Plus, I needed to get a handle on my aggravation. I couldn’t show up at Moo’s place pissed off. If she was going through something, a relapse even, I needed to be firm yet loving. Supportive and forgiving. Patient. Not enabling. If she relapsed I would ship her to the clinic in Maui myself.
A cold wind whipped up my back. It smelled like garbage and Chinese food. The black windows of the car seemed limitless, and the potential for disaster at this party made my stomach hurt. But that wasn’t all of it. It was Moo’s total disregard for my feelings that had me worried. This felt like heroin, and that had nearly destroyed her the last time.
Sighing, I moved down the stoop and was nearly at the bottom when whoosh—both feet slid out from under me and I was flying and falling. My wrists jarred as they landed beneath me. I screamed as something sharp stabbed my butt.
“Oh my god!” the driver cried as he moved away from the back car door which he had just opened. “Are you okay?”
My heart was racing and my butt was throbbing. Jolts of pain shot from my wrists to my elbows at an alarming rate.
“Holy fucking shit!” I shouted grabbing at my ass. Just then, a man in expensive-looking clothes stepped from the back of the limo and hurried toward me. I couldn’t process what was happening. I stared at him, my mouth hanging open, panting, not because of his sexiness, but because my lungs wouldn’t work normally. The guy’s eyes, which were a weird blue-lavender color, burned into mine. His baby soft hands wrapped around my thick upper arm; he pulled me up, grunting with the effort.
No man should ever grunt and groan when helping a lady off her ass.
The corner of his mouth turned up and his lips parted revealing perfect white teeth. I wanted to pass out. I wanted to run down the street and hide in Li Chen’s gift shop. I wanted to stuff my face with lo mein from The Happy Cat, a restaurant on the corner. I pulled myself out of his grasp. I wanted to kill Moo. 
I really, really, really wanted to kill Moo.

* * *
Chapter 3

* * *

The stranger before me was sexy. I took in his black, expensive-looking loafers to the legs of his well-fitted black slacks. His blue-striped dress shirt was tucked in, and a thin black belt, wound around his trim waist, completed the look. I pegged him instantly as a model or actor; he was too beautiful not to be. This is the guy she wants me to meet? At that point, I had to wonder if Moo really knew me anymore—if I knew her.
I looked down at the stoop. The rock I had landed on was the size of Mount Saint Helens.
The mystery passenger stepped toward me, his hand brushing my back. His cologne was a rich, powerful, and sexy smell.
“You okay?”
“I just landed on a mountain, how do you think I am?” I answered. I didn’t mean to sound so sharp and frustrated, but of all things to happen to me in front of other people, falling was the worst. My butt cheek throbbed with a dull ache that crept lower and lower down my leg. I rubbed it in hope that it would go away, but the pain doubled with each press of my fingers. And then, the horror: the pebble ripped a small hole through my pants and underwear. Now a little bit of butt cheek was exposed.
“Oh shit.” I spun around like a dog chasing its tail, straining for a proper look. It was impossible to see the damage, but it had to be a big hole considering I could feel the cold wind against my skin.
“Looks like a hole.”
I jerked back around. Sexy Loafer Man stood close enough for me to realize that the amazing color of his eyes were contacts. They shifted when he blinked, revealing the edge of a dull hazel iris. Plus, he was wearing mascara. I felt my eyes roll to the back of my head.
A metrosexual? Moo really has lost it.
There was something ruggedly sexy about a man who just didn’t care about manscaping and being clean. Well, I did want them clean. But they didn’t need to be hairless. There was a reason hairless cats were hideous looking—they just weren’t natural. His blond “model hair” fell into his eyes; he pushed it back with a flip of his hand. He saved himself from complete judgment with another smile, and I noticed that one corner of his mouth turned up more than the other. I felt comforted in knowing that he wasn’t perfect.
“Did you see my butt?” I demanded, not knowing what else to say.
His face flushed pink and he laughed, avoiding my gaze. He lifted his hands in surrender. I felt myself up again and decided that the hole was too big to go unnoticed.
“I gotta change, give me five?”
I didn’t wait for an answer. I covered my butt cheek and headed back up to my apartment. Each step was agony. I didn’t glance back over my shoulder to see if he and the driver were laughing. They likely were.
Shoving the door of my apartment open, I raced back to my hovel of a bedroom and found an identical pair of black pants crumpled up under my pillow. I gave them a good shake and squeezed myself into them. They had to be a size smaller than the other pair. In the end I was wrinkled and looked sloppier than I had before. When I reached the stoop again, I took my time and stepped down carefully.
My riding companion was already in the limo. The driver stood beside the open door, smiling at me. As our eyes met, his cheeks turned red. 
“Everything okay, ma’am?”
“Peachy,” I muttered, barely remembering to thank him for holding the door for me. 
I settled in the seat perpendicular to the model. I tried to get comfortable, but it was hard with a huge bruise forming on my ass cheek. After a while, I glanced across the seat and found Loafer Man sipping a peach-colored liquid from a champagne flute. He smiled a little and set his glass down to pour me a generous amount. His fingers brushed over mine and my entire arm was flooded with goose bumps. It wasn’t because I liked him; I wasn’t even attracted to his boy-chest. He had touched me, and I wasn’t used to being touched. 
I took the glass and perched awkwardly on my uninjured butt cheek, waiting for him to break the silence.
“So, um, how’s it going?” His voice cracked in the middle of his question and I could see that he was struggling not to laugh. I crossed my arms only to uncross them so that I wouldn’t topple over when the driver took a hard right and hit the curb. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m not laughing at you.”
“You sure as hell aren’t laughing with me,” I pointed out. “Yes, I fell on my ass. Whoopteedo. People fall all the time.”
“It’s not a mean laugh or anything, really it isn’t,” he said. “I just thought it was funny when you said you fell on Mount Everest and I…” He chuckled and flipped his hair again. “Molia told me all about you.”
Uh oh, here we go.
“Do you like the peach wine?” he asked gesturing to my untouched glass. I took a sip and my lips puckered. 
“Yeah it’s perky.” I wasn’t sure if that was the right word to use in regard to peach wine, but the stuff was tart. I took a big swig, hoping for the kinks in my armor to settle. Maybe after a glass I’d be able to talk to him without the instant hostility. The more I drank the more I was determined to look sleek and sexy holding my champagne flute. Sitting cockeyed on the seat, my upper body twisted unnaturally, I probably looked very strange.
I sipped the wine, grimacing at the aftertaste, and glanced out the window for a few moments. Deciding to play it cool, I asked, “So… what’s your name?”
“Mark,” he answered.
“And how do you know Moo, Mark?” I ask.
“Moo?”
Shit, I forgot. The smile on his face was priceless, like I had just given him a golden key into Moo’s life. I took a large swallow of wine. “Molia.” I waved my hand dismissively. “How do you know Molia?”
“Um, through a friend of a friend; she’s well known.” 
“She is a supermodel,” I pointed out. The whole world could claim to know her. And some of her stalkers, particularly Margaret Hatcher, a young aspiring model, who had gone as far as breaking into Moo’s apartment to cook her dinner, claimed they really did “know” her. “What do you do, Mark?”
“I’m in architecture,” he answered leaning forward to look at me.
“Wow, really?” I asked. I was shocked that he wasn’t in modeling. Things were already different with this one. That could have been a good sign. Mark’s eyes became unbelievably intense. He looked me over slowly, his eyes flickering up and down my body, probably taking in all of my flaws and curves. Under his scrutiny, I forced myself to sit up a little straighter.
“So, Molia tells me that you’re in advertising.” He poured more wine into his glass.
“Yeah, she lied,” I said. She’s never been ashamed of what I do. “I have degrees in marketing, but I work at Java Loo, a coffee house. So, not advertising, obviously.” I smoothed my hair back and tucked it behind my ear. Why would she start lying now?
“Right, right,” Mark’s knee bounced. “So, you’re Mexican.”
My eyes widened. Most people took notice of my appearance and made quiet assumptions. I’d never had someone directly ask me about my ethnicity. “Um, yes? Is that okay?”
“Excellent!” He nodded enthusiastically. “Dark hair, dark eyes—very exotic.”
I pressed my lips together not really sure how I felt about this turn in conversation. Was it a compliment? Was it just an observation?
“Are you only Mexican?” he asked. “I feel like you’ve got something else in you.” I looked him over. To me he was a basic white guy; he could’ve been a mix of anything. Mark looked horrified suddenly. “I don’t mean to offend you or anything.”
“No, but it’s a bit intrusive,” I said. He held up his hands in surrender.
“I don’t see color.” Mark sat back slowly, his eyes still on me. For some reason an intense need to apologize for Moo’s poor matchmaking skills hit me. He didn’t know what he was getting into when Moo set him up—none of them did. I gulped down the rest of my wine and waved off when he tried to refill the glass. I watched him finish the bottle and start on another one five minutes later.
He drank all the way to Long Island, and I wondered if he was a lush or if my presence was just too much for him to handle without a little liquid courage.  

***

Moo lived on the outskirts of Bridgehampton, New York, in a beautiful beach house that sat peacefully about fifty yards off the Atlantic coastline. The two-story house was built sometime in the 80s on three acres of private beach with its own boardwalk. Moo did an extensive remodel two years ago. It was now a modernized, posh, space of sharp angles and windows, each with its own glorious view of the Atlantic.
Mark whistled as we walked through the front double doors, opened by a young girl in a black polo shirt tucked into khaki shorts. To someone unaccustomed to Moo’s house, walking inside and looking up at the bright crystal chandelier could be overwhelming. I ignored Mark’s gaping mouth and turned to the girl.
“Who are you?”
“I work for the catering company, ma’am,” she said. “Can I take your things?”
I handed her my overnight bag. “Those can go into Molia’s bedroom. I’m staying the night.” The girl, Marissa according to her name tag, helped a few other guests with their coats and took everything upstairs. Mark locked his arm around mine, startling me. 
“Come on, Estela,” he slurred. “Let’s check this place out.” I went with him because he was using me as a crutch for balance. I noticed a few new pieces of art on the walls, but everything else was basically the same. Compared to my ratty apartment, stepping into Moo’s place was like stepping into an interior decorator magazine. 
We moved deeper into the house and came to the main room on the first floor. My favorite part of the house was the giant windows that lined the back wall, providing a beautiful panoramic picture—40 feet worth—of pristine sands, dunes, and white-capped waves. Everything Moo owned—from furniture to clothes to kitchenware—was designer. She liked priceless art, modern art, Gucci, Prada, and other designers I didn’t know the first thing about. The only room in the entire place that didn’t feel like a catalogue spread was Moo’s bedroom. There you could find framed pictures, racy books, funny stuffed animals, and clothes all over the floor. 	
As Mark and I moved down the hallway to the living room, which stretched across the majority of the lower floor, I paused so a six-foot gazelle in a skin-tight gold silk dress and Jimmy Choos could pass. She paused to kiss both of Mark’s cheeks and then wiggled her spindly fingers at him before sashaying deeper into the living room where fifty people ambled about with drinks, avoiding the beautiful spread of food. It smelled delicious, but was so fancy I wasn’t sure what anything was.
I bit the inside of my cheek, and rubbed my sweating palms against my wrinkled pants. There was a quiet hum of conversation mixed in with music from Moo’s iPad. The place was packed with models, agents, celebrities, and other New York socialites, all dressed to the nines, most wearing designer brands.
I looked like an uninvited squatter.
Mark slipped away from me as we stepped into the main throng. A few people smiled and greeted me by name, but I didn’t know them and they only knew me because I’ve appeared in countless tabloid stories as Moo’s secret lesbian lover. I nodded to a few others who didn’t know me by name, just as “Molia’s friend.” I did recognize a lot of faces, but I didn’t know anyone. I was just Moo’s awkward friend who smiled shyly, avoided men, and never really participated in conversations.
I headed toward the food. 
Moo always said that it wasn’t hard to make friends, but what did she really know about it? She’d never been anything but beautiful, and beautiful people were receptive to her. Even not so beautiful people were receptive. But then, they weren’t actually “friends” were they? This was something I wasn’t sure that Moo understood.
I noticed Mark waving me down. He was standing in the middle of a group of gorgeous guys, all looking in my direction. If I were one prone to hives, I was sure I would be covered in them. I pointed to the food and then to my stomach, making sure to pooch it out as much as possible. He nodded and turned back to his group. A few of them laughed. 
“Holy shit, get me out of here,” I muttered, scanning the crowd for Moo. In my pursuit to find her, I noticed a few people stepping forward to make conversation with me. One, unfortunately, was Moo’s agent, Martin Wise, who waved his arms dramatically until I gave in and went to him. That was mistake number one.
“Martin,” I said, pushing the word out between my teeth. “How are you?”
Speaking to him was mistake number two.
“Hey, Stela,” he cried, his voice booming. His eyes moved slowly up and down my body—like always. “You’re about thirty pounds away from a plus-sized contract, doll.” He caressed my cheek. “Beautiful face.” 
“I’m plus-sized now,” I said firmly, almost adding shithead to the end. Even though Martin was slime, a stereotypical, sleazy old man who surrounded himself with hot women he’d never have, I tried to be nice to him because he’d done a lot for Moo’s career. Her mother hired him about seven years ago after Moo’s celebrity status shot into the stratosphere and became too much for Paulina to handle. According to Paulina Hart, Martin Wise was a godsend. Behind his back I called him Super Sleaze with Wacky Knees (he had arthritis). He went out of his way to stare at my boobs, Moo’s boobs, Moo’s mom’s boobs, the boobs of any woman who passed him. He was a liar, a cheat, and over exaggerated all the time. He took credit for most of Moo’s major-label endorsement deals and modeling gigs. The reality was that Moo could walk into a room and broker a deal all on her own. Nearly every contract that she’d signed post-Martin joining her team, had been self earned. Moo was a goddamned rock star. She didn’t need anyone.
Martin’s fingers pinched the fat that hung over the top of my too-tight pants. I slapped his hand away. He just laughed.
All of the disgusting habits and behaviors weren’t the only reason I hated him. There was only one reason for that: he’d kept Moo in her addiction by supplying the heroin. 
“Where’s Moo?” I asked.
Martin squeezed my upper arm before sipping his cognac.
“Getting ready,” he said. “Really Estela, I can set you up with a good trainer. You’ll need to stop eating so much. With more than half of this country being a bunch of fat asses, I bet you could be the next new thing.”
“Why don’t you go back to drowning in that drink?”
Martin barked with laughter and swatted my hip. His fingers slid around to pinch my butt. If he had grabbed the bruised side, I would have punched him. “Get on out of here.” He waved me away. “Thirty pounds, Estela… the maximum size for plus sizes is an eight in high fashion.” 
I rolled my eyes and walked away. To get down to an eight I’d have to starve myself. And that the high-fashion world considered a model plus-sized if she was an eight! Ridiculous. There were bigger plus-sized models out there, but none worked for the types of clients Martin pitched to. I often wondered if his constant press for me to lose weight was just to make me feel uncomfortable. 
I believed he was mad at me for orchestrating Moo’s recovery four years ago. While on heroin she had been at the top of her game—the best of the elite. She made millions and millions in endorsement deals. She still was at the top, but it was different now.
“I thought you were going to get something to eat?” Mark poked me in the stomach and before I could react, he pulled me back toward the food. He seemed frantic, bouncier than he had been in the car. “So much food,” he said quickly. Several girls who had been modeling with Moo for years were standing a few feet away, sipping their drinks, eyeing the little tapas with ravenous eyes. One of them was Kat Miller. I rolled my eyes at the very sight of her.
Kat was big in the industry, but had never reached Moo’s level of stardom and was bitter about it. By fashion standards, at twenty-six, Moo was old. Kat was barely twenty, I believed, and she just couldn’t understand Moo’s draw. Still, she did anything she could to be in Moo’s circle. Kat Miller would never be “the next big thing” according Martin. She didn’t have the “it” factor. Kat hated Moo for that and she seemed to hate me by proxy. 
Placing her hand on her thin hip, she glanced at me and rolled her eyes.
I didn’t really care for her either.
Suddenly, Mark bolted away from the table and ran across the room to talk to another group of people. What a nut case, I thought, hoping that he’d leave me alone for the rest of the night. I hated obligatory conversation. Why bother if you weren’t interested in talking to someone? I certainly didn’t waste my time with such foolishness. 
I nodded to a few walking twigs that bypassed the buffet table on their way to the bar. 
Your loss. I picked up a fancy glass plate and turned it over inspecting the frosted glass with the initials J.M. at the center. The heavy plate weighed down my fingers. It definitely wasn’t like the Styrofoam plates Tio and Tia used whenever we had more than twenty people to the house for a party. Styrofoam and tamales… that was the life. The exotic food in front of me was nothing like that. Everything looked like some type of fancy, inedible, exotic health food. Probably vegan; definitely low carb. There were square crackers topped with a glob of brown gunk, which looked like dog doo, and two pieces of grass forming an X. I bent down for a better look. Part of me wanted to sniff it, but that wouldn’t be appropriate at all. Besides, I felt like I was being watched.
Straightening, I moved to the end of the table where there were fruit and shrimp platters. I filled up my plate and dribbled cocktail sauce over the large deveined and butterflied shrimp.  Pinching the tail of one of the crustaceans between my fingers, I coated it with cocktail sauce and put the entire thing in my mouth. It barely fit, but I managed. I dropped the tail onto my fancy plate and moved down to the next edible (aka, recognizable) thing.
Standing a few feet away, a guy stared at the same dog doo crackers. The look of confusion and wonder on his face made me smile. He picked up a cracker and sniffed it. My smile grew wider; inside I was rooting him on: bite it, bite it, bite it. He turned toward me and I stopped chewing. God, he was handsome! 
He wasn’t like the other men at the party. There was something relaxed about him, something real—normal. He wore dark-washed designer jeans and black shoes, and under his green cashmere sweater I could see the soft swell of a belly. Definitely not like the other guys. He wore his black hair long and shaggy. It had a natural way of lying perfectly around the sides of his handsome face, except for the ends, which curled up a little. He looked to be around thirty. He added a few more tapas to his plate and then came toward me. When I realized that he was about to speak my entire body turned to stone.
You should’ve run when you had the chance. You can’t run now. Do not run now. 
His eyes were the greenest I’d ever seen, a pretty jade color that actually sparkled when he smiled. He stopped beside me. Definitely not contacts.
“People aren’t eating because they can’t recognize the food,” he said. 
My chest felt tight and warm, and his voice was so familiar. I couldn’t shake the idea that we’d met before. I’d probably seen him countless times at Moo’s other parties. His eyes didn’t leave my face. I felt like he was looking right at me, taking me all in without disgust.
“I’d personally like little name badges to identify what’s what,” he said, gesturing to the food. “I feel like I’m about to nibble on some charred Terrier or something.”  
He paused and looked at me, and I realized that he wanted me to say something. I chewed the shrimp still in my mouth and swallowed. It lodged in the center of my throat and suddenly I had hiccoughs. I picked up a glass that someone had left behind. The moment the bitter liquid hit my tongue I spat it out.
“Holy shit, what is that?” 
“Um, here,” Green Eyes said, handing me a fresh glass of champagne from a passing waiter. He grimaced at the cup I drank from. Yeah, not too bright there, was I? 
“Desperate times,” I muttered, hiccoughing a few more times until the shrimp ball had made its way past my esophagus and diaphragm. “Yeah,” I went on, “I was sort of hoping for some hot dogs and beans or something. But Mooolia” yikes, almost slipped up! “likes to be exotic. I’m surprised that there isn’t a theme—she always has a theme.”
For some reason I felt so comfortable with him in that moment. I took a step closer and then wavered. His fingers came around my arm as he pulled me out of the way of a man who was trying to get at a cheese ball. Green Eyes said something else about the food, but I didn’t hear it. We were inches apart and my heart was thudding like a base drum.
He pointed to the offensive poo crackers. “For example,” he began, “this one here should be called Caca and Grass.”
I laughed. A real laugh too, it shot out of me like a cannon ball. Charmed that he’d used a bit of Spanish, which sounded so sexy—even though he was talking about poop—and a bit bamboozled by that twinkle in his eyes, I nodded in agreement. He stepped closer and looked at my plate.
“Maybe I should go with fruit and shrimp, too. They seem the safest.” He stepped past me, brushing his fingers over the small of my back. Tingles zipped up my spine. I watched him fill his plate with jumbo shrimp. I couldn’t stop shaking. It was like my brain was going through a glitch and I couldn’t snap out of it. My teeth clattered together even though I was burning up.
While he prepared his plate, I wracked my brain trying to remember where I might have seen him before. He was a few inches taller than me, which put him around six-feet even. His no-fuss hair was the kind I could run my fingers through all night long. Wow, get a grip! I looked away and exhaled. I wasn’t sure how long I had been holding my breath. Turning my back to him a little, I dabbed a napkin embossed with J.M. across my forehead.
Estela, sweat is not sexy unless you’re naked: one of Moo’s favorite Moo-isms.  
I smiled as Green Eyes returned to my side. 
“Your turn,” he said waving at the food. “Name something.”
I glanced around the table to find something as equally unidentifiable. I pointed to what looked like heart-shaped Chinese wontons.
“‘Runs for the money,’” I said. “A baked—not fried—delicious treat of liquid laxatives mashed with the tiniest bit of chocolate.” He tossed his head back with a laugh. Goose bumps rushed over my body. Holy shit girl, you’re so attracted to this guy. You want to jump his bones!  In that moment I felt completely consumed with a need to know him better, to be closer to him. I wanted to stick my face in his neck and sniff him. But of course, that was a disastrous idea. Not only would I embarrass myself, but he’d eventually hurt me. 
I took a step back and for a moment I saw him hesitate as well. I knew it was time to leave him there with the food and yet my feet were cemented and my upper body was leaning in. I needed to get away before my heart did something stupid like fall into a head-over-heels massive crush that would keep me up at nights.
“That was a good one, Estela,” he said. 
“I know you,” I said, meaning for it to be a question, but it wasn’t. His cheeks went pink, confirming I did know him. “We know each other right?” 
He only smiled. “Want to take a stab at these?” He asked, pointing to something that looked like black guacamole.
“I’m sorry, but do we know each other?”
He nodded, shifting back and forth. Why was he so nervous all of a sudden? His eyes moved between his plate and me.
“Yeah, Estela, we know each other,” his voice was almost intimate. Blood rushed to my cheeks and then out again. I didn’t want to tell him that I had no idea who his was, that I’d never seen him before in my life. I wanted to punch his shoulder and say “oh you silly so-in-so, of course we know each other. You and Moo…”, but I couldn’t lie to him. My silence was enough truth for both of us because for a moment he looked pretty sad. I wanted to throw myself into his arms and hug him forever, just to get that look out of those beautiful eyes.
“STELLLAAA!” Moo’s excited, helium-pitched voice cut through the chatter and music and hit me from behind.
I turned and scanned the room for her. The sea of models parted and there she was, beautiful, made up to look like she was on a photo shoot or an award show red carpet. She moved through the room with a grace that only she had, her heels pounding the floor as if the entire place was her catwalk. She wore a beautiful red gown more suited for the red carpet than a small gathering. The dress showed an immodest amount of her alabaster skin. Her hair was platinum blond. I hate it instantly. Of all the colors she’d had her hair over the years blond was always the most artificial. Platinum was a damn train wreck.
Each move and turn she made, showed a new patch of skin and the sharp edge of a bone.
I felt myself gasp before I actually heard the sound. The fancy plate slipped from my fingers and I was pretty sure it landed on Green Eyes’ perfect shoes.
Six months ago she was only slightly below the healthy weight of a woman six feet tall. She was bony then, but at the time still had subtle curves and a healthy glow. While overseas, she had changed so drastically. The woman who stood before me now was wobbly on toothpick-sized legs; her toes straining to hold her into her Jimmy Choos. Her arms were bones and skin; I could see her sternum and ribs sticking out from the deep V of her dress. For the first time in her life—although she’d been accused of it for years—Moo looked anorexic. I wasn’t sure how her body was still functioning.
She moved toward me with her arms open and stopped a few feet away. When I didn’t move to hug her she dropped her hands to her hips and lifted a perfectly arched eyebrow. 
“I don’t get a hug?” she asked, her blue eyes looked dead.
She tossed her long, extension-filled hair behind her shoulder, before letting her arm dangle at her side. Always posing, always working. When I still didn’t say anything, she brought her hand back to her hip and waited. “So… what do you think?” 
That you’ve gone off the deep end and are happily swimming into deeper, murkier waters. You’ve lost too much weight and I don’t know if it’s on purpose or if you’re sick. This was the thinnest I’ve ever seen you. You look disgusting. You’re not my Moo.  
She was someone different—an alien. Tears stung my eyes and I breathed in deep and willed them away. Her chin trembled. Because we knew each other so well, I could tell she was on the brink of hysteria. Her full red lips pressed together and fake eyelashes blinked twice. In that moment I felt like she wanted me to say something, to be real.
“Jesus, Moo.” My voice was strained and shaky. 
“I’m fine,” she said quickly. 
At that point I marched up to her, shoving my finger in her face. She didn’t blink, didn’t move. “You are not fine! You look like a fucking skeleton!” 
No one moved.
She stared at me with her big blue eyes, her mouth a perfect little smile. She acted like I didn’t say anything at all. Moo was much better at holding in her true feelings than I was—obviously. She wouldn’t let what I said affect her in front of everyone.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” I demanded.
“Nothing’s wrong with me,” she said. “I’m in my prime.” Moo bent her body into some ridiculous pose. A few people whistled and clapped. I bit my cheek and watched her do her thing. No one would openly echo my sentiments about how thin she looked. To them, Moo was this perfect goddess, with the ideal, coveted body.  
To me, my best friend in the entire world was dying before my eyes.

* * *
Chapter 4

* * *

When I didn’t clap or cheer for her, Moo’s eyes narrowed ever so slightly.
She wasn’t mad, but she did want me to play along and act like everything was just fine. We were supposed to pretend that the skeleton comment hadn’t just blurted out of my mouth. Stepping back, I crossed my arms. I wasn’t going to play. I played the last time she was like this; I ignored what my gut was screaming at me, and Moo overdosed in my bathroom in Chinatown. Around us mouths were hanging open. They couldn’t believe that I didn’t think Moo was anything but perfect, but these people couldn’t care less about me or Moo; they were there to be seen by others.
My best friend placed her hands on her hips and shimmied into another pose, pleading with me to say something. What was a nice thing to say? You make a very pretty skeleton. I couldn’t tell her that she looked great because she didn’t. There was no praising such dangerously unhealthy behavior. So, instead of saying anything, I went to her and pulled her into my arms, hugging her as tight as I could. But not too tight, I didn’t want to snap her ribs.
She trembled and I almost fell apart. Moo must have felt it coming on because she sighed and held me even closer. I felt her hand cup the back of my head. 
“I’m okay, Stela,” she whispered.
Moo pushed herself too hard in the past, unintentionally dropping weight, but she always caught up with reality, always fixed the problem, and grounded herself again. But this time it was different, this felt like a scream for help, and I was completely helpless.
We embraced until she stopped trembling. When she drew back I saw no hint of emotion on her face, only a small smile for me and a bigger one for her guests. And then, like nothing was wrong, she linked her arm through mine and led me closer to the buffet. The music started again and the party resumed.
“How did you like Mark?” She picked up the silver serving spoon and began to poke at the jumbo shrimp. I grabbed a plate and extended it to her, but she declined.
I sighed. So we’re not going to talk about your bones? As if reading my thoughts, she looked around the room and then back at me. Right, I thought, not here, not now. I wouldn’t want to casually chit-chat about some problem of mine in the middle of a party filled with nosy people.
As she schmoozed with her “friends” I watched on. Recently, there had been tabloid headlines that read: Hart back on drugs and Hart starves herself for Gucci, but I hadn’t believed them. In the past, magazines had air brushed her pictures to make her look emaciated. About eighty-five percent of the time, the magazines printed untrue gossip. Sometimes, the gossip was right. I knew I’d have to pay attention to everything. I would have to quit Java Loo and be Moo’s assistant like she’d always wanted. If she couldn’t take care of herself then I would have to take care of her.
“Moo, you should try these shrimp,” I said. “They’ve got a great seasoning on them.”
“Stela, did you like Mark?” Moo asked again. She abandoned the serving spoon and lined up the little shrimp forks so they fanned out perfectly on the cream table cloth.
“Um… he was nice enough when I fell on my ass and ripped my pants,” I said reaching back to touch my butt, which had stopped throbbing and now only hurt when I moved or touched it.
“Oh god, you didn’t?” Moo giggled. “Did you find anything good to eat? The caterer I hired is really top notch.”
“Moo, I honestly don’t know what most of it is,” I exclaimed turning to acknowledge my fellow food critic. But Green Eyes was gone. I looked for him in the vicinity, but it was as if he’d never been there. I sighed and looked back at Moo who was watching me. There was a bit of a sparkle in her eye that I didn’t like or trust. “Um, I was talking to some guy a minute ago and we decided that this junk is inedible. Is it caca and grass on crackers?”
Moo rolled her eyes. “It’s pâté.”
“Whatever that is.”
“I requested exotic food and the caterer really came through, didn’t he?” She smiled, satisfied. Pointing at the food, she said: “Try everything. I’m sure you’ll like one or two things. The theme is: A little taste of the world.”
I smiled and nodded. Of course there was a theme.
“Have you tried them?” I asked casually. There were only so many ways to ask a person about their problem and not have them realize that you’ve asked about their problem. Moo rubbed the bridge of her nose. I felt like a horrible friend all of a sudden. I should have shoved my face with the pâté and called it a day. I stepped close, pressing my full hip to her hip.
“I’m concerned,” I whispered.
“Me too.” Her voice trembled. 
I wasn’t sure if that was a confession. I didn’t want to ask, not in such a public way, but I had to know. “Drugs?” If she said yes, and I knew that she would be honest, I needed to take immediate action. The party would end, I would call her father, and we would be flying to Hawaii.
Moo lifted her right wrist where she wore a hand-made bracelet with charms to signify the sobriety chips she received through Heroin Anonymous. There was a new charm, a little four leaf clover studded with green emeralds.
“I just got my fourth chip,” she said, eyes sparkling. My entire body relaxed. She hadn’t relapsed, but that didn’t mean that something else hadn’t taken heroin’s place. I hugged her again.
“Great job, Moo! You should have called me... we would have celebrated like crazy. Four years, is an amazing achievement.” Her smile was sad, but she nodded and leaned into me. “What is it then? Is this new guy an asshole? Does he hit you?” I scanned her body for marks or heavily applied makeup, but there was nothing. It didn’t mean that it wasn’t possible—you couldn’t see verbal wounds.
“I just can’t eat.”
Our eyes met. She shrugged and picked at something on the table cloth. Her sad smile returned as she straightened up and stroked my hair in a motherly way. She then took my face in her warm hands and kissed my forehead.
“Guess I’ve missed my Stela too much,” she whispered before shooing me away. “Go mingle and meet people, we’ll talk later. And next time, you’re not to wear black—especially wrinkled black in five shades. You look messy.” 
I watched her walk away smiling happily as she stopped to greet her guests.

***

With Moo mingling and laughing as if nothing was wrong, I was left looking for someone to talk to. I gave the room one last hopeful scan that Green Eyes was in some corner, but he must have left. Probably scared away by my emotional blurting. I walked around Moo’s house aimlessly, avoiding both Martin and Mark. After a while, I returned to the buffet and decided to take Moo’s advice. I tried one of everything, and instantly spat out the pâté. I filled up the rest of the plate with fruit and shrimp and then took a seat on a modern-looking, hard-as-a-rock chair in the corner of the living room. There, I watched the sun set against the waves.
“Stela… why are you sitting by yourself?” I looked up at Moo. She gestured to her chin and then mine. A glob of something red, probably cocktail sauce came away on my finger. I used a napkin to wipe the rest of my face; I wasn’t usually such a slob. “I told you to mingle!” Moo stepped to the side. She wasn’t alone. The man at her side was blond, tall, lean, and incredibly sexy. His hand was on her waist. I felt myself relax a little—he wasn’t for me. Moo stepped back from his touch (and not just to give him room to shake my hand). “I’d like to introduce you to Chance Raley, my boyfriend.”
He was a typical-looking lover for Moo: everything about him screamed perfection, no matter how fake. I would be seriously amazed if she ever introduced me to a man with even an ounce more brain than a Ken doll. I stood and held out my hand. His dead-fish handshake was insulting. I wanted to slap his hand away. Moo slipped her arms around his waist. She smiled as if she was madly in love. So fake. He didn’t seem present in the moment. His hand rested on her hip and he smiled whenever she looked at him, but nothing was there.
“Nice to meet you, Chance,” I said.
“Likewise, Estela.” He had a British accent, which I wasn’t expecting. “Molia has told me a lot about you.” Yeah, she told you how I feel about men. I crossed my arms. I’d forgotten about that. “Actually,” he laughed, “she never shuts up about you… it gets bloody tiresome, but then, she loves you—it’s charming.” He had just contradicted himself. I looked at Moo to see if she’d noticed, but she was smiling like some love-sick monster.
“Molia’s told me very little about you, Chance,” I said, smiling at the knowing look of frustration on his face. He was so jealous of my relationship with Moo. Most of her boyfriends were. They just didn’t get us, and they definitely couldn’t compete. “So tell me… how did you meet my best friend?”
“I’m a photographer,” he said, running his hand down Moo’s side and over her hip. I watched her face while he did this, and I was pretty sure that I saw her cringe. The flash disappeared as she rested her head against his shoulder, but the rest of her body was angled away.
“That’s nice,” I said. That was all that I said too. After two awkward moments, Moo pulled Chance off in the other direction. Good riddance, I thought, returning my chair. I sat there for the rest of the night. Instead of watching the ocean, I watched Moo’s boyfriend’s every move. I didn’t like Chance, and as soon as Moo and I were alone, I was going to tell her just that.

***

“Great party!” I said, going for my best sarcastic tone.
Moo had just come back inside after spending an hour saying goodbye to her guests. It was closing in on two in the morning, an early night. She jerked at my voice and turned, obviously confused as to why I was still there. Finally, she wasn’t trying to uphold a fake smile and happiness. The exhaustion on her face spread to the rest of her body and she moved stiffly as if she hadn’t slept in months.
“Stela?” She frowned and looked around at her empty house. “What are you—”
“Did you forget about our sleepover?” 
Her face brightened with genuine happiness. “Oh my god, I did.”
I stood and approached her slowly. 
“Was it a great party?” she asked.
I did a little jig. “Woooo hoooo!” 
Laughing, Moo pushed my shoulder and walked around me. “Shut up, Stela… I know you didn’t like it. Come on… let’s get the real party started.”
I followed her toward the stairs. 
“I mean it wasn’t horrible,” I muttered (even though it was). “Some of the food was good. There wasn’t anyone to talk to.” 
My thoughts returned to Green Eyes. While Moo hobnobbed, I spent most of the night daydreaming about him; dreams where I trusted myself enough to speak to him. I thought about his hands touching my body, about mine touching his.
Moo reached back and took my hand. The diamond rings on her fingers sparkled.
“I say we should have a Moostela bath and eat pizza—I’ve already ordered, sound good?” 
Moo smiled. “Sounds great.” 	
We walked arm-in-arm up the large winding staircase to the upper level and headed down the hallway to the master bedroom. I was about to ask her where Chance was, when she stopped in the doorway of a bathroom off the hall and moaned in despair.  
“Oh my god!”
“What?” I gasped. There must be a dead body. She sagged against the doorframe. I didn’t want to look. Images of crime scenes rushed through my brain: a dead model staring wide-eyed with her throat slashed, lying in a pool of deep, reddish-purple blood. Her dress was probably hiked up and her panties down. God, it was just like CSI: New York!
My illusion fizzled when Moo growled. “Those goddamned bastards!”
I looked into the bathroom, unsure what to expect. The huge room was pristine and unused. Moo pointed to the ground by the trash can where there was a pen half hidden beneath the vanity. I stepped in to pick it up, but stopped. Not a pen, but a used syringe. I pushed her down the hallway a few steps. I knew all about drug triggers—sometimes all it took for people to relapse was just a glimpse of drug paraphernalia. 
“Stay here.” Back in the bathroom, I picked up the syringe with two fingers. I prayed that it had been used for insulin, but I doubted it. Goddamned bastards. Dropping it into the trash can, I stepped back into the hallway. Tears were streaming down Moo’s cheeks. I set the trash can down and then ushered Moo to her bedroom. I was glad that everyone, even her makeup and hair people, had cleared out.
“It’s fine,” I said. “I’m going to take care of it.” My chest squeezed again as she began to sniffle. Seeing Moo cry was like watching a dog get strangled by his leash. I rubbed her back.
“Oh god, Estela,” she whimpered, dropping heavily onto the ottoman in front of her vanity, which was overflowing with Murelle beauty products and perfumes (Moo was their spokesperson). She covered her face with her hands and dissolved into tears. 
“I’ll take care of it, Moo, don’t worry.”
I left her alone even though I wanted to stay and hold her. Hurrying down the hallway, I grabbed the trashcan and ran down stairs. I wasn’t really surprised that someone shot up in Moo’s house; not with this crowd. I was angry at her for allowing so many random people into her life. They were not friends and she was stupid to believe they were.
In the garage, I threw the entire trash can into one of the large black bins and then removed a heavy stinky bag from the other can to cover it up. I didn’t want Moo’s housekeeper to find the syringe. In fact, I should have put it in a neighbor’s trash can, but that would have looked suspicious. I just prayed that no one would find it and call the tabloids. I wasn’t sure if her reputation would survive another scandal like that.
When I returned to the bedroom, Moo was still crying on the ottoman. I grabbed a box of tissues and sat beside her. 
“Sorry.” Moo blew her nose. “I don’t mean to carry on like this.”
“Don’t apologize,” I said, wrapping my arms around her shoulders. “It’s gone now.” She rested her head on mine.
“You’ve always been right about this industry, Stela,” she said quietly. “People don’t care about you. They don’t care that I’m a recovering addict! How could someone do that crap in my house?” I hugged her tightly. This wasn’t an “I told you so” moment. Moo grabbed another tissue. “I was just shocked that it was in my house, you know?”
“Excuse me.”
We both turned at the sound of a man in the doorway. I jumped to my feet and stood in front of Moo. I didn’t have a weapon. I should’ve had a weapon. Moo’s hand squeezed mine as she stood.
“Jeremy,” she said, smiling a little.
He wore a caterer’s uniform, black pants, and a black polo with the catering service logo, J.M. Catering, embroidered on the right breast. He had a rugged handsomeness and gentle eyes. I froze when he stepped into the room. “I’m really sorry to interrupt, but we’re finished downstairs, Ms. Hart.”
“You shouldn’t be up here,” I snapped.
“It’s okay, Stela,” Moo said giving me a pat.
She walked to her desk and turned on a small lamp. The caterer looked at me; he seemed hesitant. After a moment, he came into the room further and stopped beside Moo’s desk.
“I’m sorry for interrupting,” he said again. 
“No, it’s fine.” She opened a large leather checkbook and began filling out one of her custom-made pink checks. I watched as he handed her a slip of paper, which she glanced at before setting it down.
“The food was great, Jeremy,” she said.
“Thank you.” He had a deep, pleasant voice. 
I sank back down onto the ottoman and watched. Jeremy watched Moo’s every move. He was so transfixed. A bomb could’ve gone off and he wouldn’t have noticed it. I guessed him to be older than us, maybe in his mid-thirties. He was a little shorter than Moo, clean shaven, with a full head of dark brown hair. He wasn’t overly handsome like Chance. There was definitely a bit of a Brawny man about him. His averageness was pretty attractive. His only downfall was his hairy gorilla arms. Welcome to Monkey Town. I giggled as the melody of Funky Town piped through my head.
Jeremy watched Moo write out the check. He studied her so hard his forehead wrinkled in the middle. Curious, I approached him. His brown eyes moved to me and he stepped back from Moo’s desk, drawing his shoulders back a little. His smile was friendly, but he seemed scared of me.
“Hi, I’m Estela.” I held out my left hand and he fumbled a bit before taking it in his. No wedding band. I glanced at Moo to see if she noticed.
“Jeremy McCullum,” he said. The owner of J.M. Catering, I assumed. 
“Hey, um, excuse me.” Jeremy and I turned at the sound of a new voice in the doorway.
“Hi, Tony, what’s up?” Jeremy asked.
The cute twenty-something wearing a matching black polo stood in the doorway holding the pizza that I ordered. “This pizza was just delivered.” 
He looked right at me. I bristled at his assumption that I was the one who ordered it.  Without waiting for admittance into Moo’s bedroom, the kid stepped in and handed me the pizza. 
“I’m going to go pay the pizza man,” I said to Moo.
“Oh, I took care of it.” Tony said, puffing his chest out.
“You paid for our pizza?” I asked. He nodded, grinning like a proud puppy look. I wanted to poke him with a pin to deflate him. “How much was it, I’ll pay you back.”
“Nah, don’t worry about it.” His eyes were glued to Moo. This time it was Jeremy McCullum who stepped in front of her.
“You can go back downstairs, Tony,” he said just as the kid was commenting on what a great bedroom Moo had. Tony blanched and nodded. 
To me he said: “It was about twelve bucks.” 
Oh, so now I’m paying for it? Moo opened a small side drawer on her desk and handed me a twenty, which I shoved at Tony. He put the cash in his pocket and practically ran out of the room.
“I’m really sorry about that…” Jeremy said to Moo. “He shouldn’t have come up here—”
“It’s okay.” She tore the check out, folded it in half, and handed it to him. “I really appreciate your team’s hard work tonight, so there’s a little extra in there.” Jeremy didn’t open the check; didn’t look anywhere but at her. I’d bet my right arm that he had a little thing for her. She wasn’t putting out “go away” vibes either. I was intrigued; my face hurt from smirking.
“Um…” he stammered, realizing that he’d been staring. He cleared his throat and laughed a little. “Everything was to your satisfaction then?”
She just answered that, I thought. Carrying the pizza across the room, I sat down on a little love seat in the corner. It didn’t give them much privacy, but I was far enough away that they could have had a longer, quieter conversation if they’d wanted.
“Yes, the food was a big success,” Moo said, standing. She seemed a bit more inflated than she had been moments ago. Her face was still red from crying. “Everyone liked it… right Stela?”
They both looked over at me. Caught off guard, I rubbed the pizza box and nod enthusiastically. Jeremy grinned. I hoped he wasn’t offended that I ordered pizza. He probably would have done the same thing he been forced to eat his own “exotic,” “tastes of the world.” Some of it was more like bird food.
“Okay well… I hope that you’ll use us in the future, Ms. Hart.” He extended his hand to Moo and she took it. I noticed how they lingered in that handshake for a few seconds longer than necessary.
“I’m sure I will,” Moo said, walking Jeremy to the doorway. “Sorry for keeping your team out so long.”
“No, it’s not a problem.” Jeremy said. “You’re a great client to work with—I’ve had my share of nightmares, and trust me when I say that this isn’t late.” They faced each other. Moo looked so small and helpless beside Jeremy’s solid masculinity. Beauty and the Ape Man.
He backed up slowly. “Goodnight, Ms. Hart.” Moo waved goodbye and then watched until he vanished down the stairs. When she turned back to me, I cracked a smile that made her cheeks turn pink.
“Goodnight, Ms. Hart,” I belted out in a falsetto sing-songy voice.
Moo was horrified. She stood on her toes and craned her neck to see if Jeremy was gone. “Stop it, Estela.”
“You love him,” I cooed. 
Moo ignored me and headed into her giant bathroom. “Aren’t we supposed to be having our Moostela bath?” She called when I didn’t follow her right away.
Hoping to tempt her by the smell of pepperoni and broccoli, I carried the pizza into the bathroom and set the box on the vanity beside where she was standing. The entire bathroom was about the size of half my apartment; it never ceased to amaze me. 
Moo unzipped her red dress and let it fall around her feet. I couldn’t help but cringe at the sight of her body. All I saw were ribs, pelvic bones, and her spine. I had to clamp my hand over my mouth and walk to the other side of the room. I’d said one insensitive thing about her body; I wasn’t going to say something else. Not yet, anyway.
I stopped in front of the large Jacuzzi tub, which could seat four people comfortably, was in the corner surrounded by large windows that had been treated so that we could see out to the beach, but no one could see in. The view from there was equally immaculate. I plugged the three drains and turned on all six faucets.
“Peach or apple?” I asked picking up a bottle of peach bath salts.
“Peach!”
I dumped them in and added apple bubble bath. The bubbles rose up instantly and the large room filled with the scent of sweet fruit.
“I still can’t believe someone would do drugs in my house,” Moo said. She had slipped on a pair of pink panties and a matching bra. It was hard for me not to count her ribs, which poked out beneath her bra cups, or to not stare at her pelvis bones, which were threatening to break through her skin. My eyes moved to the pizza still untouched on the vanity. “We haven’t done this in a while,” she said, sitting on the lip of the tub.
Moostela baths were something we started back in college when we briefly shared a tiny apartment. One evening, after yelling at Moo for over an hour to stop hogging the bathroom, I broke in and joined her sitting fully clothed in the lukewarm water. We laughed and splashed around before adding more hot water to the tub. We lingered there talking for two more hours. Moo dubbed the quality time as a “Moostela bath.” The term stuck and evolved into something better: the two of us soaking in the bubble bath wearing only our underwear, while drinking Grey Goose and eating junk food.
It had been a bi-weekly thing until Moo’s stardom hit and her mother forced her out of our apartment (and college).
As I unbuttoned my pants, I glanced back at Moo who was standing beside the pizza box eating pepperonis. I held my breath as she picked up a slice and bit into it. She chewed forever before swallowing. I stamped down the desire to race to her spouting a bunch of “good girl” nonsense. Still, I couldn’t help feeling like a mom who had just witnessed her child peeing in the potty for the first time.
I kicked my pants across the bathroom and pulled my top off. “Look Moo, we match.” I wiggled my pink butt at her. “Not all black, after all.”
She laughed. I could practically see the lump of pizza as it traveled down her throat, esophagus, and plopped into her stomach. She had an instant food baby. It wasn’t like one bite of greasy pizza was going to put twenty much-needed pounds on her, but it was a start.
“This is good. How did you find someone open this late in this area?”
“Sheer talent.”
She was quiet for a minute and then became irate. “I mean… the nerve right?” I couldn’t remember what we had been talking about. “Drugs in my house,” she muttered, tearing off a large chunk of crust.
“You’ve said yourself that people in this industry can be two-faced, jealous, and hateful. ‘Cept you of course.”
“Of course,” Moo said around a mouth full.
“So, what did you think about the caterer?” I wanted to get her mind off the syringe. Besides, I knew she would get around to asking me if I’d met anyone promising at her party, which I hadn’t—except for Green Eyes, but he was just a fantasy. I couldn’t even remember the details of his face.
“Which caterer?” Moo asked as she finished the slice.
“Jeremy McCullum,” I said. “You know the cutie that was here just a moment ago. The one that stepped in front of you so his employee wouldn’t ogle you. The one who shook your hand and then let his fingers linger in a delicate caress.”
“He owns the company,” Moo said. She was pretending again. She couldn’t hide the fact that something monumental had just happened between her and gorilla arms. Nor could she hide the pink tint to her cheeks. “I learned about him through a friend and tried some of his food a while back. I thought it was great and that he was very professional, so I hired him. I gave them five hundred extra.”
“Generous,” I said. “He was cute, huh?”
“Cute?” Moo acted like she’d never heard that word before.
“Yeah, cute… how old do you think he is?” I glanced at the bubbles rising up just behind me.
“I don’t know, thirty-five? You want me to get his number for you?” Her casual question made me laugh. Like I really wanted him for myself! Sure he was cute, but the moment I saw his puppy-dog expression for Moo, I washed my hands of him.
“Nope… I thought you might want to call him.”
“Me!” Moo laughed and flicked me in the head. “Don’t be stupid.”
“You were gazing at him longingly.” I batted my eyelashes at her, and then got up and pranced around in my undies. I stopped to wiggle my ass in her face; anything to make her laugh. “You gave him a little extra somethin’-somethin’ in his check.” 
Moo rolled her eyes and stared into the pizza box. She chose another slice. Because her back was to me, I leapt into the air with excitement. When I looked back at her and found her giving me a funny look in the mirror, I continued to prance, leaping around like an idiot until she smiled and rolled her eyes.
“And what was with the following him to the bedroom door and the little finger wave good bye?” I mimicked the flirty gesture. She playfully swatted at me.
“I did not do that!”
“I bet you batted those finger-length eyelashes at him too.”
Moo smiled and pulled off one fake eyelash. She flicked it at me and shook her head, pulling off the other. “I’m not interested in Jeremy. I have Chance.”
“All she ever talks about is you, so bloody annoying!” I did my best to mimic Chance’s accent. I checked the temperature of the water (definitely hot enough) and turned off the faucets. Moo, like always, was the first one in.
“Oh, I should have grabbed some beers or something.” The bubbles pushed up around her. I swung one leg over the tub edge just as she said: “A beer would be so great right about now, don’t you think so Stela?”
I rolled my eyes. “Sure, I’ll get it.” 
Still working on my slice of pizza, I headed down the stairs in nothing but my underwear. I imagined Green Eyes waiting for me on the landing with two beers and a smile. In my head, he sighed my name and drew me close. My nipples tightened at the thought of feeding him a little bite of my pizza. And then I’d let him bite me. 
“Stela, let’s go crazy!” Moo shouted. “Grab the Goose!”
I pushed open the kitchen doors and blinked at the bright overhead lights that someone had left on. I knew Moo kept the Grey Goose in the freezer, but I didn’t go there first. Instead, I raided the candy bowl in the pantry. With a jumbo bag of sour gummy worms, Skittles, M&Ms, and licorice in the crook of my arm, I stepped back into the kitchen and dropped everything as my heart lurched into my brain and then down to my toes.
Standing on the other side of the giant island was Jeremy McCullum. His large hazel eyes were bugging out of his head. He nearly dropped the crate of fancy glass plates in his hands. The entire thing rattled as he struggled to get it onto the counter. Behind him the door leading to the garage swung open and Tony came in chattering about something that I couldn’t quite hear over the screaming in my head. When Tony saw me, he slapped his hand over his mouth to contain a laugh. Gasping, I dropped to my knees behind the island.
The cold air on my ass made me scamper and tuck into a tight ball.
“Oh. My. God!” Tony’s struggling to hold in his laughter. “I’ll um… just put this last box in the truck boss.” The plates tinkled again as Tony must have ran with them out the door. A moment later the garage door opened and closed. I heard Tony’s high-pitched, hysterical laughter. I didn’t consider myself half naked to be quite that humorous.
“Jesus,” I moaned, pounding my fist on the tile floor. “What the hell are you still doing here?”
“Um,” Jeremy began. “It was a big party and I brought a lot of stuff.”
He sounded so uncomfortable I almost felt sorry for him. I waited for him to leave, but the kitchen became my tomb of embarrassment. I had to peer around the corner of the island to see if his shoes were still there. They were.
I waited a little longer for him to leave, but he didn’t. Awkward.
“So… um, did you need Moo for something else?”
“N-no,” Jeremy stammered.
Okay, then what the hell is this about? More silence followed.
“Look, I don’t normally walk around in my underwear exposing myself to complete strangers, okay?” I gasped a little as the cold marble of the island connected with my back.
“No, I didn’t think you did.” 
“Great, so, bye?”
“Ummm…”
The fact that he hadn’t left both scared and horrified me. Was he going to try to blackmail us? With courage, I rose to my feet and put my hands on my hips. I didn’t suck in my stomach. I didn’t pull my wedgie out. Who cared if he saw a bit of ass cheek! I stood obstructed only by a corner of the island. “If you think for one minute that you can blackmail….”
“No!” He said, snapping out of it. “No, I wouldn’t… I don’t….” He blinked in surprise and finally looked away.
“Did you have your people hide cameras in the vents? Do you want to get Moo in trouble? Do you think this is some sort of lesbian affair? Because we’re not having an affair and we’re not lesbians!” He held up his hands, stopping my tirade.
“I know you’re not lesbians,” he said calmly. “You’re her best friend and I’m not trying to get gossip for the tabloids.”
“Then why are you still standing here?”
He looked uncomfortable suddenly.
“I want to ask you something, but I don’t really know how to, or if it’s even appropriate.” When he didn’t go on I waved my hands impatiently. “I want to know if Ms. Hart’s okay.”
Holy crap! He’s asking about Moo! He likes Moo!
I felt myself smiling. Jeremy turned into a tomato. 
“I shouldn’t have asked….”
“She’ll be fine,” I said quickly. “I’ll tell her you were concerned.”
“Stela!” Moo’s voice filled the room from the intercom on the wall. “Did you find the vodka? I think there’s a new bottle in the pantry.”
I walked to the wall and pressed the button. “Okay, I’m coming.” I stooped and picked up the candy I dropped. To Jeremy, I said: “She’s fine or she will be.”
He nodded. “Have a great night.”
“Oh are you leaving now?” I asked, with a sweet smile. He laughed and nodded. “Are you sure? I’m not going to come down here in the morning and find that you’ve forgotten a precious spoon?”
“No,” he said, holding up his hands. The smirk on his face was charming. “You won’t find me in the kitchen looking for a missing spoon.”
“Just a missing Molia?”
Again, he turned red. This time he walked quickly to the garage door, waving over his shoulder. I latched the lock and set Moo’s security system. After locating the bottle of Grey Goose in the pantry and the one in the freezer, I headed back up to the bathroom.
“What are you grinning at?” Moo asked from the tub. She’d positioned the pizza box on the corner. Half of the pizza was missing pepperonis. I pushed away the wave of frustration. I’d had them put broccoli on for her and the pepperoni for me. “Stela, why are you grinning?”
Moo deserved someone nice like Jeremy McCullum, someone that made her feel like a giddy school girl. Chance wasn’t making her happy. “What took so long?” Moo stretched out her wet hand for the vodka bottle. She unscrewed the cap and took a swig. Taking it back, I sipped and groaned at the familiar burn. “Was it hard to find the bottle?” 
“No.”
“Then what the heck—”
“I’ll tell ya later.” I stepped into the hot water and lined up the different candies along the tub edge. We passed the cold bottle back and forth until it was gone and then opened the next one. “Drink, Moo Moo, and be merry,” I sang.
Giggling, Moo held the bottle up for a toast and then tipped it against her lips. Vodka dribbled down her chin and into the tub where all of the bubbles had popped.

* * *
Chapter 5

* * *

Drunken Moo was the best. And drunk together we were unstoppable goofballs. That night we were three sheets to the wind. Far past tipsy. We were smashed, sloshed, plowed, bombed, blitzed, trashed, tanked, hammered. We were so drunk I couldn’t see straight and everything she did left me in a fit of hysterical laughter.
“I wuv you,” Moo sighed. “Estela, I don’t know if you know that I can’t live without you.”
“Aww, let’s get married.”
“No,” she said, slapping my stomach so hard it both hurt and tickled. “No, I mean—you complete me.” We laughed for a solid two minutes. Moo pushed her horrible blond hair out of her face. She’d gotten it wet in the bath and hair was now matted and brittle looking. “I’m seriously serious.”
“I love you too,” I said, peering around the edge of the king sized pillow that we were using to pitch up the sateen cotton sheets on Moo’s enormous king-sized sleigh bed. “I’ve never loved anyone else.”
“Yet,” she whispered, poking me in the nose. “Yet.” She rolled onto her back and rubbed her belly. “That pizza was good,” Moo sighed. She was also full of marshmallows, sour gummy worms, and mini snickers.
“Your breath smells like garlic.” 
Moo belched and waved her breath at me. She then threw the blankets off complaining that she was too hot. I watched as she stretched her arms over her head and pointed her toes. We laid there for some time, slowly sobering up between incessant bouts of laughter at absolutely nothing.
“What are you doing tomorrow?” Moo asked.
“Today you mean?” I grabbed a few more marshmallows.
“Today…” Moo nodded.
“Nothing,” I answered. But I wasn’t doing “nothing.” I had to go to Queens to visit my aunt and uncle and deal with an inevitable matchmaking disaster. “Actually, I have to go to Queens to see Tia and Tio—and Mother,” I groaned out the last word. Moo reached over to pat me. 
“That sucks.”
“Tell me about it.”
She knew all about my crazy, demanding, judgmental, and strict mother. She had one of her own. I believed that God had put us together just to survive them. We were devoid of motherly love and didn’t mind playing the mother, sister, and best friend roles for each other. While mine was just—rude, Moo’s mom was downright mean. Abusive actually, but Moo was always quick to deny those allegations. She was actually very protective of her mother.
“You should come!” I cried with excitement. Moo made a face.
“Ick, and see the old hood?” 
“Come on… you can be Jenny from the block!” We laughed.
“I can’t,” Moo moaned. If she came to Queens she’d be forced to stop by to see her parents who still lived next door to my aunt and uncle. It always confused me as to why her parents stayed after Moo made it big; especially in the early years when Paulina earned sixty percent of Moo’s income. I’d always thought that Paulina Hart was desperate to get as far away from Tia’s horrible lawn and holiday decorations as possible. Yet, they remained in their beautiful yellow house. It was actually a stop for a few celebrity tours. The childhood home of Molia Hart! Maybe she didn’t sell because she knew that Moo and I would never part ways, and from time to time Moo would come to Queens with me. That didn’t happen often. Moo avoided Queens and her mother at all costs. When it came to Paulina, Moo had very little backbone.
“Maybe they won’t be there?” I suggested casually.
“It’s two weeks until Thanksgiving… they’re not gone,” Moo sighed. “What did you really think of the party?”
“Boring,” I answered.
“I think I had one person, besides you, tell me the truth about how I look.” I felt uncomfortable, which was weird because I wanted to talk to her about it. But now that she wanted to talk, I didn’t know what to say. Luckily, Moo continued so all I really had to do was listen. “Before I saw you, I had about seven people tell me how great I looked. Kat Miller was practically spitting with jealousy.”
“She’s a cheap whore,” I muttered, earning a smile. I rolled closer to Moo, placing my head beside hers on the pillow.  She turned so our foreheads were pressed together. “I’m sorry that I just yelled that skeleton comment. I don’t know what I was thinking.”
“You weren’t thinking, but that’s why I love you so much.” She propped her blond head up with her hand. “I think I wore that dress and acted that way because I wanted that reaction from you, Stela… I wanted you to give it to me straight.”
“I get that from Dr. Phil,” I said with pride. I would have made a good shrink, but people’s sad issues made me too sad. Plus, I’d made D’s in all of my psych classes. 
“What time do you have to be in Queens?” Moo asked while I dug two fingers into the gummy worm bag, trying, unsuccessfully, to pull out a few worms from the bottom.
“I’m not going until dinner time,” I answered. “Why stay any longer than I have to?”
I loved spending time with Tio and would have arrived at noon to spend the day with him, but I didn’t trust that my aunt and mother wouldn’t have this blind date over at the same time. The last thing I wanted was to chat up some loser for more than a few minutes. 
“How’s your mom?” Moo asked.
Saying “alive” was unusually and unfairly cruel, but that was how I felt most of the time. An extreme guilt always rushed through me after those thoughts. Yes, my mother hated me, but I didn’t hate her. It was an odd codependent kind of relationship. The meaner she was to me the more protective I felt toward her. And I certainly didn’t want her dead—in another room in a faraway country, yes. Dead, no. She was not interested in me being her daughter, or in being a mother to me.
Licking the sour sugar off two worms, I sat up while Moo plopped back down. She played with the ends of her hay-like extensions, a frown on her face. 
“I have three photo shoots before Thanksgiving, and then I’m going to take these things out. I miss being natural.”
“Good. I hate blond on you,” I said, dangling a worm above her lips. “Here fishy fishy.” I dropped it into her mouth and laughed when she flopped around like a dead fish.
Laughing, Moo flipped her hair back onto the pillow and sighed. “I knew you hated it. You’re so transparent, Stela.”
“Am I?” I held up my hand to see if I could see through my fingers. I then lay beside her. “Hey, Moo?”
“What’s up?”
I didn’t want to ask her about Green Eyes, but I’d been thinking about him all night and I needed to know who he was. I thought that maybe if I asked subtly enough—and if she was drunk enough—that she wouldn’t realize that I what I was actually asking. The Gray Goose inside me made my lips loose.
“There was this guy at….”
Moo sat up like a bolt of lightning and I buried my face in the pillow. Suddenly she was on top of me, tickling my sides. The joy on her face made my heart skip a beat. Surprisingly, I didn’t regret asking—or starting to ask. 
“You did meet someone!” Her voice was shrill. I tried to shake my head, but it was pointless—Moo had my scent and she was on the hunt for information. Her warm palms pressed my shoulders. She was sitting on my hip bone, feather light. “Who was he? Mark? James? I knew you’d like James!”
“I didn’t meet any James!” I cried. “Moo, I’m suffocating.”
I wasn’t really, but she moved along my side and spooned me instead. 
“Mark’s such a gentleman isn’t he, did you like him? Did you two hit it off in the limo?” Her rapid fire questions gave me a headache. “Was it Mark?”
“Ick, no,” I moaned. “He wasn’t man enough for me.”
“The contacts?” she asked.
“Yeah.” Not to mention that I thought he might have gotten high while he was there. He’d been off the walls in a way that peach wine couldn’t produce. 
We were quiet for some time, but I felt her eyes drilling holes into my skull. She could be as patient as a monk. She had once stared at me for two hours waiting for me to spill the secret I heard about Missy Waller in tenth grade (something about her flirting with a teacher). Moo would stare forever until I gave up some information. It was an uncanny, almost ninja ability that I didn’t possess.
After about a minute I caved. “No, it was this other guy.” 
Rolling onto my back, I adjusted the pillow so we could share it. With Moo’s face inches from mine, I could see the bags under her eyes and the exhaustion in her face. I started picking at my nail polish. Moo swatted at my hands so I wouldn’t screw up her drunken manicure. Pink fingernail polish had made it down to the first joint of each finger. I looked like I’d been finger painting with Opi Pink Glitz lacquer.
“Someone else?” she asked.
“It’s nothing… we just had a nice little moment and I—”
“You had a moment with a man at my party!” Moo grabbed me and shook until the junk food and vodka in my belly was sloshing around. “What kind of moment was it? Did you almost kiss?”
“No!” I blushed at the daydreams I’d had. “We didn’t even talk that long, but—” There was something there, something that I hadn’t been able to discover because Moo had made her grand entrance. Plus, I couldn’t remember him! Not completely anyway.
Moo began playing with my hair. “So, what did he look like? What was he wearing?”
I turned my head to look at her. She went from excited elation to a subtle curiosity. If I described what I remembered she would know exactly who he was, and that might kill my illusion that Green Eyes was amazing. What if she said that he was an asshole? I was happier in my daydreams than in reality. So, to get her off my case, I rolled onto my side and changed the subject. “I didn’t tell you what happened when I went to get the Goose!”
Moo’s eyes brightened, “Oh yeah!”
I lowered my voice to be as dramatic as possible. “So, I go into the kitchen to get snacks and as I’m coming out of the pantry—BAM!” Moo jumped and started laughing. “Caterer Jeremy was standing there staring at me in my underwear!”
Moo’s face was the perfect picture of horror. She sat up. “He was still here?”
I sat up too. “Yes! So, I dropped on my hands and knees behind the island, and he’s still standing there!” I picked up a pillow to demonstrate how I peered around the island. “He’s hemming and hawing, ‘oh, I, u… I, um, I’, and then I get this idea in my head that he’s put cameras in the vents to take our picture and sell them to the tabloids.” I laughed when Moo looked up at the vents in the ceiling and began pulling the sheets back up.
“Do you think…?”
“No. Ask me what I did next.”
“What did you do?” 
“I stood up! I told him that if it was his idea to expose us as lesbians, he would be sorry.”
“That’s an old story,” Moo said as I crawled on my hands and knees to her. “Oh god, do you remember our moms when that story broke four years ago?”
I laughed at the memory of my mother’s meltdown after Tia showed her the tabloid pictures of me and Moo hugging at the airport. The picture that ran with it showed Moo pressing a full kiss to my lips. The banner headline read: Molia Hart in Tangled Lesbian Affair. 
There were supplemental pictures of Moo and I feeding each other chili cheese fries while laughing. One showed Moo looking down my shirt and into my bra for the bug that I was positive fell into my left cup (it was the tip of a french fry that fell out of my mouth). My mother was so horrified that she broke down into hysterical sobbing about how her only niña was a lesbian. I let that one play out for a while until Tio told me to knock it off because it was upsetting her too much. 
“I’m facing him in my underwear and then you yelled for the vodka. He got all mushy eyed, like Bambi, and asked me how you were doing.” I waited for a reaction, but her blue eyes didn’t give anything away and I couldn’t tell if she was blushing. “I swear, Moo, the man has the hots for you, he probably wants to get you in bed and make lots of little Moo babies and—” I stopped because all of a sudden Moo was crying. It wasn’t long before she was openly sobbing. 
“Moo?” I crawled toward her, shoving everything out of my way. She melted into my arms and wept. “Oh my god, what!” I tried to remember what I might have said, but my brain could only focus on the tears streaming down her face.
“I-I-I-I’m sorry,” she wailed. “God… I don’t know what’s wrong with me!” She slipped off the bed and walked haphazardly to the bathroom. “I’ll only be a minute,” she said before closing the door.
I jumped off the bed, tripped over her fuzzy bunny slipper and burst through the door, my heart in my chest. Moo looked up from the toilet where she was peeing rather fiercely. 
“Stela!”
“I’m sorry, I just… I’m worried!”
I’ll just be a moment were the words she said before overdosing. It was four years ago, but in that moment, standing in her bathroom this time, it was the present day.
I stood there a few feet away watching; it took her pulling toilet paper for me to leave her alone. A minute later she emerged with her blond hair brushed and pulled back into a ponytail. She was perfectly poised as if she hadn’t just broken down. I watched as she pulled junk food out of her giant bed and set it neatly on the nightstand. She screwed the cap back on the Grey Goose and then climbed into bed.
“Moo?”
She laughed lightly and shrugged. “It’s just that time of the month I guess.” 
By the time I crawled in with her she was talking about how drunk and silly she was; tears still rimmed her eyes. “I guess we should sleep it off, okay?”
“Okay, but…”
“I’m fine.” Moo wiggled under the covers and looped her arm around my middle. Her breath was shaky against my shoulder. She doesn’t want to talk to me; she always talks to me. The rejection stung, but I didn’t push the issue. I didn’t like to be poked and prodded when I was upset. I wasn’t going to do that to her; I’d wait until morning. It took everything, but I settled against her, letting my body sink into her feather bed. Soon after, Moo relaxed. Just as my brain was falling into the Grey Goose’s lullaby, Moo hugged me.
“I’ve missed you so much.” Her voice broke a little.  
“I’ve missed you, too.”
With one more squeeze, she rolled onto her back and smoothed the blankets over her chest.  I watched her eyes flicker back and forth as she stared at different things on the ceiling. She occasionally brushed tears away. What’s going on in that head of yours? I wondered. With a sigh, Moo faced me. And just as I thought she was about to open up, she clamped her eyes shut, closing me out and her tears in.

* * *
Chapter 6

* * *

“Bueno!” I pulled my phone from my ear. The last thing any hung-over brain needed was a cheerful shout of Spanish followed by a whoop of elation. Behind Tio’s voice NASCAR engines growled. He had the volume all the way up, which meant that Tia was in the kitchen gabbing with her sisters.
In my mind I could see my uncle watching the race while perched in his ugly brown Lazy Boy, a beer in his hand. I glanced over my shoulder at Moo who was still in bed, moaning about her stomachache. After a few hours of sleep Moo spent the rest of the night in the bathroom, alternating from sitting on the toilet to kneeling in front of it. In retrospect, we should have eased up a bit. Or maybe she should have eaten the broccoli before the sour gummy worms. In fact, all that was left of the pizza were broccoli florets.
“Morning, Tio,” I said, ducking into the bathroom. I stumbled toward the tub where I sat on the rim and tried to steady my queasy body. “How are you?”
“Ah, hello, Butterlips!” Tio said happily as if he’d finally registered my voice. “I was just thinking about you. Guess what I just saw on the TV? Desplome grande…fuego, humo, ambulancia, desplome grande, chica, desplome grande.” 
I smiled. Though he swore it wasn’t so, I knew he watched NASCAR only for the crashes. He’d seen almost every crash in the circuit since the late 80s, and even had a stockpile of video cassettes that he’d recorded them on. They still owned a VCR just for those tapes. He deleted the ones where people were seriously injured or killed so it wasn’t completely insane or demented.
“Was anyone hurt?” I asked, closing my eyes so the sunlight would stop burning my retinas.
“Can’t see, your tia’s big butt is…”
My aunt screamed and Tio laughed and yelped. I could hear her hitting him until he gave in and apologized. When he came back to the phone he was laughing. He sighed dreamily and clicked his tongue.
“Don’t be like that,” Tio called with a laugh. “Come back to me, mi corazon.”
“Stop it and talk to your sobrina!”
“Your auntie loves me.” There was a happy smile to his voice. His love for her had been obvious since I was a little girl. He openly groped Tia, not caring who was around. It was hard to be around at times. But no one could tell them to stop. They’d been in love since the first day of high school when she walked into his life wearing a purple polka dot dress. As a sophomore in high school, I used to openly watch them go at it: making out, fondling, and teasing. If I had to choose between two people who were obviously in love and my mother sitting in the corner with a sour face, I would pick the couple who gave me a bit of hope that not all relationships were bad.
“You know that it’s one o’clock already. You should have been here at lunch,” Tio said. 
“I was invited to dinner, not lunch.”
“But you still could come and spend time with me. You don’t love me anymore.” He pouted.
In my best shocked tone, I cried, “You’re a god to me! I could never stop loving you, Tio.”
“Not good enough,” he said.
“Tio?” I whispered glancing through the crack bathroom. Moo was stirring in bed.
“Si?” He whispered back.
“Are the Harts home?” I’d spent twenty minutes trying to convince Moo to go to Queens with me, but she refused. I understood. Especially given whatever she was going through. Who needed the extra stress.
“Is my little Moo Moo home from overseas?”
“Yes,” I whispered. “And I’m trying to convince her to come, but she won’t if her parents are in town.”
“Okay, let me check—OH!” My uncle yelled so loud that my heart skipped a beat and my chest swelled with adrenaline. “Dios! Another big crash!” My uncle moaned into the phone and clucked his tongue. He gasped again—they must have showed the replay.
“Tio?”
“Hmm? Oh, right.” A second later, I heard him call out: “Hello, George!”
Crap! Moo’s father was there, which meant that her mother wasn’t far behind. Moo wouldn’t have minded seeing just George, but her mother controlled his every move. Her mother was the Devil. A silent killer, like high blood pressure, she could suck out your soul with a simple look and then trample all over it with her pointy high-heeled shoes. Her primary goal in life was to brainwash Moo into becoming the perfect model. Not the perfect daughter or even a productive citizen—no, Moo had to be on top of the modeling world, or else. For a long time she’d had great control over Moo. Some of that ended when Moo got clean and broke all contact with her family, which was one reason Paulina hated me. I gave Moo confidence—and although Paulina was scary, I didn’t back down or quake in her death shadow.
“Going out for the night?” Tio asked Moo’s father. “Oh… okay, have fun!” A moment later, the screen door slammed Tio filled me in. “They’re going to the Poconos for the weekend, Butterlips.”
“Great!” I exclaimed as Moo came into the bathroom. “Moo and I will be there in an hour.” She stopped short, her eyes growing wide in disbelief. She started to protest but stopped when I mouthed that her parents were gone. After a moment she gave in with a nod and climbed into the shower still wearing her robe. As the water hissed on, Moo tried to throw the robe over the shower door. The first attempt missed and she wacked her hand on the frosted glass. The second toss, one of aggravation, had the robe landing at my feet.
“Okay, Butterlips… Oh!” Tio cried out again. “¿Cuándo estos tontos aprenderán?” Tio demanded. When will these fools learn?
I smiled and hung up the phone.
“I’m not going,” Moo called from the shower. “I can’t believe you said I was going.”
“But your parents are going to the Poconos,” I exclaimed. “I really need you to come with me, Moo. They won’t be there and you’ll be able to see Tio and Tia. It’s been so long since you’ve seen them. Don’t you want to cuddle up with Tio?” She shut the water off and stepped out of the shower, she gave me a “you’re-pushing-it-and-I’m-giving-in” look and wrapped a towel around herself. She used a second to wrap her hair.
“I could use a cuddle,” she finally said. I threw my arms into the air and did a little dance; and then I sat down on the floor while my head spun and my stomach lurched.

***

Moo let me drive her silver Jag into Queens. It wasn’t that she was against public transportation; she just didn’t have the strength to keep the hordes away and had yet to give in and get a bodyguard. I didn’t mind though, it was a nice drive. In the Jag, I felt like the most powerful woman in the world. It amazed me how a simple flashy sports car could bring on a sense of accomplishment.
Moo sat casually in the passenger’s seat doing her best to be incognito, wearing a flowery handkerchief over her head and big, brown, bug-like sunglasses. She played the part of cliché nicely. She did a good job being calm and collected, even when two paparazzi pulled alongside and started snapping pictures while hanging out of the window of their cars. I tried my best to ignore them, too, but they drove alongside only inches from our car. I was sure they’d follow us into Queens, and I’d find pictures of Moo’s childhood home in the tabloids, but they veered off and disappeared. I wondered if the next headline would be about her weight.
I pulled up into Tio and Tia’s driveway and parked behind my cousin’s beat up Ford Probe.  Pulling the key from the ignition, I turned to Moo and found her looking in my direction, but not at me. I followed her gaze across my aunt’s cluttered front yard to Moo’s old house with its perfectly trimmed and landscaped yard. The house was so out of place among some of our neighbor’s rundown homes. Paulina was always renovating it, so the outside seemed like a miniature plantation house in Louisiana, with big white pillars and shutters that popped out against the yellow paint.
“You sure they’re gone?” she asked, tugging at the handkerchief knot beneath her chin.
“Tio said they were going to the Poconos.” I reminded her, my eyes moving to the small garage at the side of the house. What if they are there? I wondered. 
As we stared at the Hart house a loud rattling bang on the front hood caused us both to jump. My cousin Jorge continued to bang out some kind of drum cadence on the Jag.
Moo sat up. “Cool it!” she shouted. Jorge smirked; his girlfriend Monica’s giggles put me on edge. Monica never could control herself when Moo was around—she became starstruck even though she’d known Moo for years. 
Moo jumped out of the car and pulled off her sunglasses. “Do you know how much this car cost, Monkey?” She used his nickname affectionately, as we all did, but Jorge’s brown cheeks turned mauve. He touched his ears, which stuck out of his head like Curious George. They were even more extenuated by his shaved head. He moved around the car with his arms open wide and his chin cocked up.
“Hey-a, Mooliscious!” 
He laughed when Moo avoided his embrace by ducking under his arm. She inspected the hood for damage. Monica waved her fingers slightly to get Moo’s attention, and was then taken aback when Moo actually turned to her.
“I told him not to do that,” Monica squeaked. I climbed out of the Jag. Jorge, having gotten no response from Moo, walked around to me. His brown eyes moved up and down my body.
“Lookin’ good Estela,” he said, giving my belly a pat. He ran away as I swung at him. 
“Bet you feel slick, don’cha?” Jorge said as he peered into the convertible. “Is it nice driving this thing?”
“Yeah, it’s powerful,” I said. “I can smell the food out here.” I said, starting toward the house, eager for just a little nibble now that I’d given my stomach the entire day to chill out. Jorge caught my arm.
“Stela,” he whispered his eyes full of seriousness and concern. “Tu mamá está muy enjada con ti.”
“Why is my mom mad at me?” I asked, frowning. I hadn’t done anything lately. I wasn’t surprised that she’d found something to be irritated about. One time she yelled at me for slouching and told me that all of my back bones were now deformed and that I’d never get a man with a hump on my back. I walked around like Igor for the rest of that night, until Tio told me to stop upsetting her.
I rubbed my face. She could be upset about something she heard someone say about me, or maybe she was just mad at the world. Both things were typical. Hearing Jorge’s warning made me feel a bit agitated. I was still slightly hung over and was definitely anxious about this mystery man they had for me. I didn’t need my Mother’s unpredictable emotions piling onto my mountain of shit.
“She,” Jorge lowered his voice and glanced at Moo, “she’s been talking with Moo’s mamá.”
“Ah Christ!” I moaned. Moo spun away from Monica at my cry. She almost ducked behind the Jag’s fender, but composed herself quickly when she saw that her parents weren’t coming out to greet us.
“She didn’t want you to bring Moo,” Jorge said raising his eyebrows at the same time. “She says Moo’s a crack whore.”
I rolled my eyes. “That’s bullshit.”
“But look how skinny she is!” Jorge hissed, glancing over his shoulder. Moo was wearing skinny jeans and a billowy top, which only accentuated how tiny she was. 
“It’s still bullshit,” I snapped. He was close enough that I could flick him in the head. He yelped in pain and Monica ran to his side.
“What was that about?” Moo asked as we headed up to the front door. 
“Nothing,” I grumbled. I was tempted to get back into the car and drive away, which would have made Moo happy, but now I was caught in Tio’s beacon and had to see him.
We were greeted by happy hellos from my aunts and cousins who were in the kitchen preparing dinner. An old oscillating fan in the corner swished the scent of my aunt’s Mexican rice and beans around the air. My mouth watered. After casual pleasantries with my aunts and cousins, I avoided my mother who was rolling out fresh tortillas with a small wooden cylinder. She didn’t acknowledge me, probably because Moo was right behind me. I found Tio sitting in his chair watching NASCAR highlights on an old 27-inch TV (the kind with a bubble front) perched on top of an armoire filled with books and balls of yarn.  
I tiptoed behind his chair, but he turned and smiled. I’d never been able to startle him.
“Hello, my Butterlips,” he whispered, grasping my hand. He pulled me around the chair and onto his lap just like he’d done since I was very little. I settled against his chest with a sigh. He gave me a little squeeze and pointed to the TV. The number 43 car covered in a multitude of sponsor stickers zoomed around the track. I really didn’t understand why people were so into NASCAR, but Tio was a faithful follower. He’d flipped to the moon when Moo flew him to Daytona two years ago for his birthday. 
“Where is Moo?” he asked after a moment or so. Sleepily, I lifted my head off his shoulder and glanced toward the kitchen where I left Moo, but she wasn’t there. Slipping away from my uncle, I moved through the kitchen, grabbing a fresh tortilla off a plate on the counter by my mother.
“Hola, mamá.”
She ignored me.
Tia nudged her and hissed, “Say something.”
If she did or didn’t, I don’t know. I was already out the back door. Moo was standing behind my old jungle gym in the corner of the yard, peering over the fence. The wind picked up her blond hair and tossed it over her shoulder. She pushed strands behind her ear and rubbed her eye. She wasn’t crying—thank God!—but looked close to it. She didn’t hear me coming until I stepped on a rock and it pinched into my bare heel. Hopping up and down in pain, I whimpered.
“Your aunt went all out!” Moo said gesturing to the tables covered with plastic table cloths, held down by little floral centerpieces and masking tape. The backyard looked like we were celebrating Cinco de Mayo and not a typical family dinner. “I almost forgot how much fun we used to have during Saturday night dinners; this was the place to be in high school, remember?”
I nodded, but my mind was elsewhere. I was struggling to interpret what she was really thinking about. All I saw was happiness that masked something more depressed and lonely. 
“Did my mother say anything to you?”
“Just hello,” Moo answered. “Wanna swing for a while?”
I glanced at the rusty swing chains and frowned. “If you want to risk it… I’ll watch you.” Moo shook her head. “Tio was asking for you, maybe we can swing later?” Moo linked her arm through mine and we wound through the maze of tables back to the kitchen. I stopped when I saw Tia and Mother whispering heatedly to one another. I couldn’t read lips, but knew they were arguing about Mother’s attitude toward me and Moo. I dragged Moo through the kitchen to the living room.
Jorge was on the sofa; the beer resting on his knee had created a condensation ring on his blue jeans. Neither he nor Tio looked up from the TV. 
Moo leaned against my uncle’s chair and watched the race, which I knew didn’t appeal to her in the slightest.
Feeling fingers on my arm, I turned to see my aunt’s hard brown gaze. She was looking at Moo. Flinging a dish rag over her shoulder, she tugged me out of the living room and into my old bedroom, now my mother’s sewing room. 
“Is Moo on drugs?” Tia whispered, concern flashing in her eyes.
“No!” I cried. I felt extra defensive and a little guilty that I had come to the same conclusion at first. But Moo was always saying “once an addict, always and addict.” She was lucky that she never relapsed while in treatment. “Tia, where are you getting this?”
“Paulina is sure of it.”
“Paulina Hart is a bitter old hag who hates that Moo isn’t under her thumb. A drug relapse is the perfect story to get Moo back under her wart-covered thumb. Why are you listening to her crap?” I demanded. Tia lightly slapped my hand and clicked her tongue.
“¡Mira tu boca!”
“Why should I watch my mouth?” I asked, outraged. “She’s spreading lies about Moo, Tia, that’s her own mother!” Tia considered that for a moment and looked sad. “If this rumor gets into the tabloids it’ll be very hard for Moo to correct her image. She’s not a druggie. If she were on drugs I would lock her up in that Maui rehab again!”
“No, chica, I see for myself,” My aunt leaned out the bedroom door to look at Moo. “She’s so skinny, just like with the heroin!”
“She’s not using again, Tia,” I said as I stopped beside her and looked at Moo who was still leaning against Tio’s chair. “It’s something else this time.”
“What?” My aunt’s eyes grew wider.
I crossed my arms and frown at her. “You and Mother talk too much.”
“That hurts my feelings,” Tia said, and she really did look hurt. I put my arms around her and leaned against her plush body. She hugged me back and smoothed my hair. “We’re just concerned for her….”
“Mother’s not,” I said flatly. “Look… Moo hasn’t talked to me about what’s going on, but she knows she’s too thin. Please don’t pester her about it, okay?”
“I won’t.” Tia patted my arm and then did an inventory of my body. I felt myself tense as she reached out to stroke my belly. “Donut Hole is disappearing, no?”
Really? I glanced down and twisted about to see different angles of my stomach. I didn’t think I’d shrunk, but both she and Jorge had commented, so maybe I had. 
“Well, I’m not trying, that’s for sure,” I said. Tia swatted me with her towel and shimmied her hips. “So bonita!” I rolled my eyes as a blush crawled up my cheeks. If Krispy Kremes were considered diet food, then I’d discovered the new fad diet. Tia moved past me to head back to the kitchen, but stopped and whispered: “Even your mamá noticed!”
My mother thinks I look thinner? If I actually had lost weight, she would claim responsibility, saying that her endless hounding had eventually paid off. Then she would make some quip about how I’d gain it back, or worse, she would act like the food police and slap my hand whenever I put something to my mouth.  
I pooched out my stomach to make it look bigger. Shaking her head in disbelief, Tia left the room, shouting at Jorge to stay out of her beans. 

* * *
Chapter 7

* * *

I hadn’t even cleared my bedroom door before Tia returned in the company of a man I’d never seen before. A quiet scream started in my head and rolled around inside me like a ping pong ball. He wore beige slacks, black loafers, a blue button down shirt, and a dark brown tweed jacket with elbow patches. Elbow patches! His black hair was slicked back and he had the start of a mustache, which was really unfortunate. I pegged him to be in his late forties. To say I was highly teed-off wouldn’t be an accurate statement. And it wasn’t because the guy was a gross beast—he was somewhat attractive, a little portly, and clean—it was the way he looked me up and down, and the hint of disappointment that he masked with a bright smile.
“Estela, I’d like to introduce you to—doctor—Ralph Martinez.” Tia winked and mouthed “doctor” behind the man’s shoulder. I forced a smile. The doctor stepped into the doorway so suddenly his belly bumped mine. I flew back into the recess of what was once my bedroom.
Dr. Martinez followed. His dark brown eyes were intense and eager. I no longer saw disappointment, in fact, he seemed overly thrilled. Like a switch had been flipped in him.
“Estela,” he said in a low come-here-you-sexy-thing growl. I shuddered and circled around him. Tia hissed and clucked her tongue when I clung to her, but I wasn’t letting go. Dr. Martinez smiled. He reached down and took my hand. As his moustache fuzz brushed the backside of my hand a sour tang of gummy worms splashed against the back of my throat. 
“Your mother has told me so much about you!” He purred. “Shyness is quite a fetching—and alluring—quality in a young woman full of vitality.” He kissed my knuckles again—this time I felt his tongue. I gritted my teeth together. I didn’t pull my hand away, but I wanted to. And when the kiss was over it took all of my power not to wipe the back of my hand onto my jeans. Instead, I leaned against Tia and subtly wiped his spit off on her skirt.
“Nice to meet you,” I said glancing down the hall to the living room. Moo’s legs dangled over the arm of Tio’s Lazy Boy. I was pretty sure that Dr. Martinez hadn’t seen her yet, because if he had, he wouldn’t have been so keen on staring at my breasts.
“Well.” Tia smiled, looking back and forth between the doctor and me. “I’ll leave you two to get better acquainted. It will be about thirty minutes until the food is ready. Estela... why don’t you show Dr. Martinez around the house?”
“Excellent.” He stepped so close that I choked on a cloud of Old Spice. My aunt walked down the hallway to the kitchen, glancing back with a knowing smile. 
Does she honestly think this man is good for me? He has no concept of boundaries. His hand swept across my shoulders, his fingers touching the ends of my hair. I twisted away.
“This is a beautiful home, what is this room?” He stepped so close that I was forced to press myself against the doorjamb of the bathroom to keep away from him. 
“It’s a bathroom,” I stammered. I jumped away and pointed back to my room. “This is my Mother’s sewing room. But it used to be mine.”
“Really.” He surveyed everything like a health inspector looking for bugs.  “Now, where did your bed used to be?” he asked his hands out, his eyes slightly closed as if he’d be able to locate the placement of my old bed with the power of his mind and metal detector-like hands.
What did it matter where my bed used to be? The last time I slept in this room, I was seventeen. My stomach tightened. Was he trying to picture me at seventeen—or worse—at seven? I crossed my arms over my breasts because he was ogling them again. “Well, the house is small so it won’t take that long to show it to you.” 
He followed me eagerly. I showed him the next few rooms trying to maintain my distance, but he found ways to touch my arm or my back. As we were walking back to the living room, I felt his finger slide against my palm as he took my hand in his. It took every ounce of self-control not to run away. He was so close to me that he stepped on my heels when I stopped short beside Tio’s chair. Dr. Martinez’s hand brushed down my hip; I bolted away.
I needed a quick out. I also needed him to leave me alone forever and he’d only do that if there was someone else to focus on.
“Moo?” I called. 
She looked quite content in Tio’s arms, bundled in a blanket, watching NASCAR replays. I didn’t want to subject her to his staring and groping. For a second I felt like a horrible friend, and then Dr. Martinez pressed himself against my side and I got over it. Luckily my cousin Anna graced us with her presence. Her neon pink hot pants were so short I could see the lacy edge of her underwear.
“ANNA!” 
She jumped and grabbed her voluptuous chest. “Jesus, Estela.”
“Meet Dr. Martinez,” I said, stepping away so she could see him behind me. “This is Anna, Dr. Martinez.”
“Call me Ralph.” His voice purred at the end. I backed up against Tio’s chair. Moo’s hand squeezed mine. 
“What kind of doctor are you?” Anna said, batting her false eyelashes.
While she chatted him up, I slipped into the kitchen.
“GIVE ME A TORILLA!” I hissed. I grabbed one right off the skillet and bit into it. I didn’t mind that it burned my lips and tongue. I noshed on it, barely chewing. I watched Dr. Martinez as he smiled at Anna, his eyes dipping down to her low-cut shirt. I’m in a living hell—this has gotta be a joke. My skin was crawling.
A warm hand moved against my back and I yelped and slammed into the table, which made everyone yell at me as cups and other things toppled over making a mess. Tia frowned.
“What’s wrong? Why are you so jumpy?”
“Everything’s wrong!” I cried. 
Unfortunately, Dr. Martinez was only interested in Anna enough to exchange pleasantries. I felt him come upon me like a cold, evil shadow. Tia pinched my side.
“Hello,” I said. I waved my hand around. “This is the kitchen.” Tia pinched me again. “And just behind that refrigerator is a small nook where the laundry room is. It’s like a secret room—perfect for hiding.”
“Oh,” he said, with great interest. The spot was completely secluded from everything. I hid there quite a bit growing up—usually to stuff my face with donut holes.
Tia pinched my butt next and I basically leapt into Dr. Martinez’s arms. He puffed out his chest as I scrambled away.
“And this,” I snatched another tortilla, “is a homemade tortilla—there’s lard in it.” I said, taking a huge bite. With my mouth full I said: “Nothing like a little trans fat!”
Dr. Martinez took the tortilla out of my hand and bit into it; he made sure to put his mouth directly over where mine had been. “It tastes delicious,” he said, his voice low. I wondered if he was talking about the tortilla or the cherry ChapStick that my lips had probably left behind. Tia shooed us out of the kitchen, but there were limited places to go, and I wasn’t heading back down the narrow hallway to the bedrooms. So, I squeezed into the space between Jorge and the arm of the couch and grabbed his leg when he tried to get up so that Dr. Martinez could sit down.
“Estela,” Jorge whispered.
“If you move, I will slaughter you,” I hissed.
Jorge burst into laughter and slipped my grasp. He gestured for the doctor to sit down and he certainly did. He sat so close our thighs were pressed together; it wasn’t too long before I started to feel his body heat. Every now and again an involuntary whine would escape the recess of my throat. Each time Moo looked at me, sympathy in her eyes. At one point, Dr. Martinez asked if we owned a dog, even though there was no evidence of any kind of pet.
He did everything he could to engage me in conversation, touching me each time he wanted to get my attention. He asked me about my life, my likes and dislikes, and what kind of men I was interested in.
“I’m not sure that I am interested in men,” I said loudly. I saw my mother falter with the tray of sweet tea she was carrying. Moo shot me a warning look, a little smile curling the corner of her mouth. She tucked her head against Tio’s shoulder, and he cooed over her and rocked the Lazy Boy.
“Experimentation can be fun,” Dr. Martinez said, his thigh pressing mine. Does he have to sit with his legs spread apart like that?
“Okay everyone, dinner is ready!” Tia called. 
I wrenched myself off the couch and flew into the kitchen.
“Estela!” my aunt scolded. “You go to the back of the line with Ralph.”
“I’m starving!” I cried, reaching for the bean ladle. 
“Stop it.” She whispered, taking it out of my hand. “Put on your big girl pants.”
“Tia please,” I begged. I grabbed her and squeezed. I rubbed her back and patted her hair and did every other thing I could think of to show affection. She relaxed in my arms and even hugged me back. “Please, don’t make me… please,” I whispered. “He smells like cheese.”
Tia’s laugh was light and infectious. I couldn’t help but laugh with her. “Stop that, now go.”
I went to the back of the line that twisted and turned around the small living room. Moo was toward the front with Tio, but her eyes were on me. I mouthed for her to save me a seat. I stood in front of Dr. Martinez, which was a huge mistake because every time I stepped forward he did too and bumped me with his body. I didn’t want to think about the possibility of him having an erection, but a few times something hard did brush my backside. I knew it wasn’t his hand because that was tangled in my hair.
“You have beautiful hair, Estela,” he murmured leaning over my shoulder to look into the large pot of Tia’s beans. “Those look yummy, don’t they?” He licked his lips and my appetite vanished.
“Can you let go of my hair please,” I asked, managing to control each word. He obliged, but he still didn’t give me enough space. 
Tia smiled brightly when our eyes met. I shook my head a little. I didn’t want to get her hopes up. Dr. Martinez’s arm slid under mine and brushed against my stomach as he reached for a tortilla. I felt the hair close to my ear rustle as he whispered: “Yummy beans.” 
I jerked away. I needed to get away before I ruined the entire dinner by being sick everywhere. “Excuse me for just a minute,” I said, pushing through my cousins.
“Estela, are you okay?” Anna asked.
“Fine,” I shouted. “Just a little hung over from last night still!”
“Anything I can do for you?” Dr. Martinez asked, following. “I am a physician.”
“God… no!” I barked. Behind her pot of beans Tia looked horrified. I smiled sweetly. “Um, what I meant was… I’m fine, just a little intestinal discomfort—could be a tape worm or something. Excuse me.” 
As I walked away, I notice that my cousin Becca had finally arrived with her new husband and her toddler twins. Becca, my aunt’s sister’s daughter, was just a few years older than me and Moo. We didn’t grow up together since Aunt Juanita took her kids to live in Mexico for most of their lives, but we were friendly. Becca smiled as I approached her. The baby she had on her hip was dressed in a green lizard costume. She had been speaking in Spanish, but switched to English when I approached.
“Don’t say it,” Becca groaned. “I know Halloween is long over, but he loves it!” She beamed as her son sang a baby-talk song to her. The other boy (dressed in a yellow sweater and jeans) was tucked in Antonio’s arms.
“Wow, they’ve gotten so big!” I said.
“So, what’s going on?” Becca asked. “You seem frantic.”
“Oh, I am.” I said, briefly stopping little Tony’s song to kiss his cheek. I left them there and hurried down the hallway to Tio and Tia’s bedroom. I closed the door, hoping for some peace and quiet and a little time to disinfect my skin from Dr. Martinez’s touches, but instead I found Moo. Sobbing.
She looked up at me and quickly wiped at her cheeks, not that it mattered as her sobs didn’t stop. “Oh, I’m sorry, I… I just….”
“Cut the shit,” I snapped, moving toward her. “What the hell is going on?”
“Nothing, Stela,” she laughed.
I wasn’t going to back off. “Bullshit!” The force of that word brought her eyes up to meet mine and her sobs subsided into hiccoughed gasps. But she stopped faking. “You cry at the drop of a hat, you’re not eating, everyone—including me, at first—thinks you’re back on drugs….”
“I guess I’ve just….” Her voice trailed off. “I don’t know what it is, Stela, I really don’t.”
“Okay,” I said, growing calmer. “Let’s talk it out. How long has this been going on?”
“Three months or so.” Moo hugged herself and tried to shrug like everything was okay, but her chin trembled and her eyes filled with new tears. “I’ll be fine, okay, this will pass. What are you doing back here? I thought you were in line for food.”
I would have told her to stick with the topic, but my selfish mind snapped to attention.
“Moo!” I hissed. I jerked her against my chest because at that point we both needed a hug and a little reassurance. “Dr. Martinez—Dr. Pervo more like it—keeps sniffing my hair and finding ways to molest my body.” I shuddered at the memory of the hard poke to my butt.
“Come on,” Moo laughed. “Let’s go eat.”
“Wait, wait!” I grabbed her arm. “Can you just bring me a plate back here? Just pile on everything, okay?”
“No, Stela.” She dried her eyes on the bottom of her shirt and took a few deep breaths. She laughed, her face slowly becoming less red and teary. “You need to just tell the man that you’re not interested!”
“But he’s gonna sniff me, Moo!”
I watched as she walked back down the hall. It took less than a second to realize that she’d gotten away again without giving me any real indication of what she was going through. She was right about one thing. I needed to grow a set and tell Dr. Pervo that I wasn’t interested.
Stiffening my spine, I marched out of the room. 
I found him seated outside at one of the tables. He must have been watching for me because he waved excitedly and pointed to the seat beside him. I puffed up my chest (probably not the wisest idea since my D-cup boobs jutted out provocatively) and slowly headed in his direction. My aunt, who was seated at the kitchen table, grasped my arm and pulled me down to whisper into my ear.
“He made you a plate, chica. Wasn’t that just precioso?”
No, it’s not precious, I thought as I wound through the crowded tables. I didn’t like that he had fixed a plate for me… it felt controlling and manipulative. I could fix my own damn plate!
“There you are,” Dr. Pervo smiled. “Here, I made you a plate.”
I looked down at the single vegetable taco (no cheese), about a teaspoon of rice, and three beans.  Literally… there were only three beans on the plate. My mouth fell open. 
“Three beans!” I shouted. The volume of chatter in the backyard dropped considerably as my family looked over at us. I knew my face was red. “THREE BEANS?”
“Your mother said that you were dieting.” Dr. Pervo looked a little shocked and horrified. The anger boiled in my chest and I began to see red. 
“This plate does not say ‘diet’ it says ‘starvation’!” I cried. Where the hell does he get off? 
“She said you wanted to lose about thirty pounds? Judging by your height, I think you could even lose more—perhaps forty-five or maybe even fifty.”
“Holy. Shit.” My hands balled into fists and my heart thudded in my ears.
“THREE BEANS!”
“Butterlips?” Tio’s voice always had a calming effect on me. He always knew when I was about to lose my cool, which was never a good thing because I tended to hulk out and break things. I wanted to flip the entire table onto Dr. Pervo’s creeper moustache face. I wanted to smash those three beans under my fist. Tio drew me against his side. His hand patted my hip until I was calm enough to breathe evenly.
“It’s no worry,” he said quietly. One of my little cousins appeared at his side holding up a plate with a normal-person portion of tacos, beans, and rice. Well, maybe a normal giant person. Such a heap of food had never looked so pretty. Tio plucked a kiss to my cousin’s forehead and took the plate. An intense burst of pleasure rolled through me, until he put the plate beside Dr. Pervo. You still want me to sit with him? Tio no! I must have made some kind of strangled beast noise, because Tio raised an eyebrow and then narrowed his eyes. It was a look that read “cool it!” He gestured for me to sit and I did, reluctantly.
“That’s a lot of food,” Dr. Pervo said. “I’m sure you’d agree that Estela’s health is—”
“You know nothing about her health,” Tio returned, his voice cool. I glanced at my mother who was sitting at the next table, watching us with a frown. My uncle rarely raised his voice or took a cold tone with anyone, so the conversations around us had simmered down and everyone was watching. “I have raised this girl, I know her health—and I am the only man who will make her plate. My Estela is a woman—this is how you feed a woman.”
My face warmed. He was going to make me cry.
“Forgive me, but I didn’t prepare this plate,” Dr. Pervo said. Throughout it all he had remained very calm—almost too calm. At least he had the decency to look uncomfortable.  “Estela’s mother made the plate and I thought that it was what Estela would want.”
“What I want,” I began, stopping to take a huge bite of taco. The next few words were muffled around food, “isto be weft awown.” 
“Believe me, Sylvester—”
“Mr. Ramos,” Tio said flatly. I sat up a little straighter. Take that, Perv man. “We don’t know each other that well, Dr. Martinez.” Dr. Pervo nodded and picked up his fork.
I put my hand on my uncle’s arm and felt his arm muscles relax at my touch. He bent and kissed my cheek a few times. “Eat your dinner, Butterlips, don’t listen to this man.” Tio walked away and I couldn’t stop smiling.
“Your mother said you would play hard to get,” Dr. Pervo said, pressing his hand to the small of my back. The taco became lodged in my throat. “I am a patient man, Estela.” His fingers brushed the ends of my hair. My body shuddered.
I nodded because I wasn’t sure what else to do. I sat there for a few more minutes and then stood up and took my plate to Moo’s table. It was an incredibly rude gesture and I felt really bad about it, despite it all. 
“It’s okay,” Moo said, “just keep eating.” 
“I shouldn’t feel bad,” I said, watching her eat Tia’s beans. “Why do I feel bad?”
“You’re kind hearted; you don’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings.”
This was true. I’d been rejected enough to know the sting and hated doing it to someone else. But I still did my best to ignore Dr. Pervo’s attempts at conversation with me. As far as I was concerned, he should have gotten the hint. But because I hadn’t been straight with him, he didn’t get it. I hadn’t said: Go away loser man, I’m not interested. I stayed passive and disconnected, praying that he’d see my disinterest and move along. He didn’t get it and in the end I was forced to hide out in the bathroom faking indigestion (which he was more than happy to help with as “a doctor”).
I was in the bathroom for over forty minutes when the door burst open and banged against the wall. At that point I was actually using the toilet and not staring at my reflection in the mirror, picking at my teeth, and examining the shape of my butt (it did seem smaller).
“You are the rudest, most ungrateful brat that I’ve ever known!” Mother stood before me. Half of her shirt was wet from washing dishes. She’s left the door wide open and a cousin passed giggling.
“Seriously?” I asked her, gesturing to the door, to myself, to my butt in the toilet. This wasn’t unusual behavior. In the Ramos house, it was typical to confront someone when they were vulnerable. I’d gotten out of the habit, but obviously my mother hadn’t. She barged in on me all the time; and it wasn’t like I could leap up at that moment to defend myself. 
“How dare you, Estela Ramos!”
I set Tia’s Latina Now! magazine on my bare knees and stared at her dumbly. “What did I do?”
“Don’t give me that look!” She snapped. “You know exactly what you did! Did you know that man is a doctor? He makes good, money Estela! He uses his degrees!”
Here we go again. I picked the magazine up and flipped the page noisily. This was one of her fall back complaints—we spent all this money (not true, I paid for most of my education through grants, scholarships, and loans) and you don’t use your degrees! (True but who really does these days?) Not using my degrees wasn’t the crime of the century. A lot of people realized that their passions were in something that they didn’t study in college. So I liked to bake muffins—big deal. The only problem: I didn’t really like baking muffins.
“All right, Mother. Can I finish—”
She smacked the magazine down and shoved her finger in my face. “What do you do? Nothing! You work at Java Loo and you do nothing with the money that we paid to put you through school.”
“You paid two thousand bucks, which I’ve already paid back.”
“Stinky Estela,” Jorge sang as he walked down the hall.  
“That was a lot of money for us at the time, Estela,” she said. “In this family we work hard for our money. We don’t sell our bodies for it.” My eyes narrowed at that obvious Moo crack. “And don’t think that I didn’t know about your uncle giving you money every month. He spoils you!” 
“I didn’t ask for it.” Tio had secretly slipped cash into my purse or coat pockets through the years; I thought it had always been our little secret. It was like he was making up for me never having an allowance when I lived in his house. “Can I be left alone now? This is pointless.” My butt was turning numb.
“And now… look at you! You are single. You are fat.”
“Hey!” I cried.
But her rant went on: “You will never be married! And you scare good men away!”
“I scared him away!” The excitement filled me up so fast I could have floated right off the toilet with my pants around my ankles. I pumped my fist in the air. My mother crossed her arms. “What? He was molesting me every chance he had! I say good riddance creeper man!”
“He was not molesting you, hija, he was flirting,” she said this in a tone that made me feel like the dumbest person in the room. “If you lost more weight more men would flirt with you.”
“Bullshit,” I grumbled, smoothing out the wrinkled magazine page. “I don’t remember breaking the seal of my protective personal bubble by rubbing himself on me, touching my hair, and sniffing me as things you do when you flirt with someone!” A cramp rolled in my stomach and I desperately needed her to leave. “Could I have a minute alone here?”
“Ha, ha!” Jorge laughed as he passed by again.
“You are ungrateful!”
“We’ve established that, Mother. Can you please just go so I can finish my business in private?” As if on cue my stomach gurgled in a tell-tale-I’m-about-to-explode way. Tia’s beans were ticking time bombs; my stomach had never been able to tolerate them for long.
“I want you to go out into the living room and apologize to Dr. Martinez and I want you to….” 
My feet and face went numb.
“He’s still here?!” I cried glancing at the open door. I hadn’t cared who heard us fighting because I assumed everyone left was family. 
“He’s waiting in the living room, yes.”
Oh great, that’s like ten feet away from our present location! I gestured for her to close the door, but she didn’t. She didn’t even budge when I smacked at her leg with the magazine.
“I’m not interested! I mean it!” I whispered. “He creeps me out, mama!”
“I don’t care. He is a good man, from a good family and has a good background. He can provide for you.”
“I can provide for myself!” I shouted. 
“You live with rats!” She screamed.
“Okay, hermana, that is enough.” Tio reached into the bathroom and pulled my mother out. The door clicked shut behind them; through it, I could hear them arguing in Spanish. He said something about Dr. Pervo not being good enough for me and that it should be my choice, and she spat out her same boring tirade of: Estela will never marry. Estela will never find a man who likes a gordita.  Estela is selfish and won’t listen to reason. Estela doesn’t know what’s best! Estela is hopeless and I think she and Moo may just be lesbians!
Mother—who never had a close female friend besides Tia, and they could hardly stand each other most of the time—would never understand how Moo and I hung off each other, cuddled, hugged, and laughed endlessly. She would never understand that I would give up my life for Moo if I had to. She’d never had that kind of love in her life.
I turned a page and started to read about Jennifer Lopez’s new clothing line.
“Estela.”
Tio never used my first name unless I was in trouble. I sat very still. 
“Estela?” he called through the bathroom door.
“Yes, Tio?”
“Please come say goodbye to Dr. Martinez before he leaves.” His voice was calm, yet firm. I bit my lower lip and sighed. “Estela, did you hear me?”
“Si, Tio.”
“Good… when you’re finished—” His voice trailed off and I heard him move away. My stomach had a new ache that was completely unrelated to Tia’s ranchero beans. This Dr. Pervo business was far from over, and that scared me.
I allowed myself another twenty minutes in the bathroom, and just sat there with my magazine. I hoped that with the extra time, Dr. Pervo would’ve given up, but I was wrong. He stood in the foyer talking with my aunt. He wasn’t at all put off by my rejection of him or the horrible things I’d said while sitting on the can. I approached slowly. Tia excused herself, giving me a stern look. I crossed my arms over my breasts because he was still leering at them. 
“Goodnight, Dr. Martinez.” 
“I think we may have gotten off on the wrong foot.” He kept his distance for the first time all night. “I apologize if I was too forward, but I really would like to get to know you better. You’re a beautiful woman, just like your mother.”
My mother, who was wringing the dish towel in her hands, looked at him her mouth hanging open. She was a beautiful woman, a little shorter than my 5’-10”, her brown skin was a few shades darker, her hair flowed in loose waves around her face (I’d always envied her hair), her skin make-up free. For a woman in her late-forties, she looked closer to her thirties, although the crow’s feet around her eyes and the frown lines near her mouth did age her. 
Why the hell hadn’t he gone for her?
In my distraction, Dr. Pervo took my hand and in doing so managed to touch the underside of my boob. His kisses to my knuckles were wet. His fingers caressed the spot he just kissed and then moved up my wrist. “Such… soft skin,” he whispered. “Have dinner with me, in the city, next Friday night.” I pulled my hand free.
“Can’t… they’re making me an assistant manager—my schedule is going to change.” This wasn’t technically true, but I’d lie any time, any place, anywhere to get out of a date with some spicy-scented, old pervert.
“Assistant Manager! Estela!” Tia cried. I saw the excitement in her brown eyes as she clapped her hands. She gave my mother a little shake and gestured to me with pride. Mother looked unimpressed. “Why didn’t you say something?”
“But you won’t work on Saturdays,” Tio said from his chair. “Right?”
I bit my lip. I can’t lie to him.
“Well… it’s just been talked about, nothing’s official.”
Dr. Pervo took advantage yet again and kissed my cheek. This time I took two giant steps back and glared. He still didn’t get it. “If nothing is official, you can come out with me.” 
Moo was suddenly at my side. Dr. Pervo’s eyes lit up at the sight of her, but it was more of a starstruck look than one of lust. “It was good to meet you, Dr. Martinez,” she said in smooth, professional voice, “have a wonderful night.”
He blinked and then jerked his head in a fierce nod. “Of course, of course—I have stayed too long.”
“No shit,” I muttered. Moo put her arm around me.
“Here, Estela, my card.” Dr. Martinez handed me a warm business card from his wallet. I held it between my fingers as if it were a dirty tissue. “Your mother told me which Java Loo you work at, I will give you a few days and then I will come to see you.”
Oh, shit!
“Let’s say Wednesday?”
Oh, shit!
“You work in the mornings, correct? Perhaps we could make it a lunch date.”
Oh, shit!
“It was a pleasure meeting you.”
Before I could stop him, his arms were around me and his lips found my ear. I squirmed away, pushing him back with enough force that I didn’t shove him, but I certainly put in an “okay enough!” vibe. Dr. Pervo nodded to my mother and aunt before leaving. The moment the door was closed, I ripped his business card into confetti and shoved the pieces in the front pocket of my mother’s apron.
“How dare you give out personal information about me to a man I hate!”
“You don’t even know him, Estela,” she said, her eyes narrowing with anger. “He is a good man!”
“Then you date him!” I shouted. I was hulking out again. I wanted to smash everything. I wanted to pull my hair out. I wanted to sob. God, I wanted to sob. “MOO! We’re leaving now.”
“You are odiosa. Hateful!” My mother cried, following me around as I stomped through the kitchen and living room like a ten-year-old having a tantrum. “You are twenty-six, Estela, you will be thirty soon and you’ve done nothing with your life!”
“And that is my business, mamá, not yours!”
I turned to yell for Moo again, but she was standing right behind me with our purses and coats. Her eyes were on my mother. She didn’t say anything, she had never spoken back to my mother (unlike my uncanny ability to tell Paulina to shove it), but she was always there, a towering, thin wisp of a girl who would throw down, if need be. 
“I am not dating that man,” I said, yanking on my coat while Moo tried to right the collar. “And so help me god, if he comes into my place of business I’m going to call the police!”
“You will not! You will be polite to that man and you will accept his invitation to lunch!” My mother ordered.
“News flash, Mother, I’m not a child any more. And I will not go out with that man. Ever!”
“You’re an ungrateful, unfeeling…”
“Goodbye, Tio.” I brushed a quick kiss to his cheek and Tia’s and then followed Moo to the door. Moo went out first, but I hesitated. There was one more thing I needed to get off of my chest. I turned back in and waited until all eyes were on me. Jorge had the decency not to crack a joke; in fact, he looked pretty pissed at my Mother too. 
“I want everyone to understand something,” I said, my voice shaking. Tears finally broke through. “I will never come back here if you plan another set up like this again.” Tia gasped. I didn’t look at her because I knew she would have tears in her eyes too. I knew that I was hurting her with my threat, and if she cried (and I saw it) I’d give in completely. “I won’t come on Saturdays.” I looked at Tio and didn’t wipe my tears away when they fell. “If I want to stay single for the rest of my life, then I will stay single! But I will never come back, I swear it.” 
Tia openly started crying and I felt like the biggest bitch in the world. I wanted to go to her and hold her and say, “Just kidding, Tia.” She sucked in a breath and I could hear her saying okay. Tio nodded. I looked at my mother. “I can find my own husband…”
“You are a failure when it comes to men, you need help!” she shouted.
There was a chorus of “Marianne!” “Tia!” and “Dios!”
Suddenly the rage was there. I felt it rush through me, over me, and out of me. I wasn’t even sure what I was going to say to her, because suddenly two strong arms wrapped around me.
Moo’s soft floral perfume wafted around me as her soft cheek pressed mine. I felt her lips against my jaw. It wasn’t a peck either, but a lingering kiss. 
And there it was: a look of pure disgust, shock, and anger from my mother. And just like that my anger went right out the door. In that moment I had won. Moo and I left pretty quickly after that. This Dr. Pervo nonsense wasn’t over. I knew my Mother. Tia might stop, but Marianne Ramos would not, and because of that, I might never see the house or Tio lounging in his chair again.


* * *
Chapter 8

* * *

By Wednesday morning my stomach was in knots. I wanted to skip work just to avoid the inevitable moment when Dr. Pervo showed up at Java Loo and confessed his undying love in front of everyone. When I called in to tell Richard I wasn’t coming in, he was quick to tell me that we were down two people and he needed me on the register. I hated the register because it forced me to deal with impatient, rude customers who rarely said thank you as they bustled in and out the door. Feeling deflated, I called Moo to tell her that Richard wasn’t letting me have the day off. She promised to stop by the store to act as my bodyguard. 
I took the train and two buses into work and tried to act normal, but I jumped whenever anyone said my name or accidentally brushed against me. I’d been paranoid about Dr. Pervo stalking me.
Richard lifted his hand in greeting when I walked in twenty-five minutes late. I watched as his thick fingers pressed buttons on the touch-panel computer screen of the register. His brow furrowed as the register gave a three-beep warning; he must have pressed two buttons at once. After putting my things up in my locker, I took Richard’s spot and punched in my ID code: 0-9-1-9. I then turned into robot Estela, grabbing a coffee cup Amber set down beside me and plugging the order into the register.
“Good morning,” I said without looking at the customer. “That will be three-seventy-five.” He handed me a credit card and his driver’s license. Scott A. Harper was stamped on the card and the license. I glanced briefly into his brown eyes to make sure his face matched the picture. I completed his order and another twenty-three in a mindless (yet on alert for Dr. Pervo) stupor before the morning rush died to a trickle and we could breathe easy again. As I logged out of the register, I realized that I didn’t remember one face I’d served. I headed into the kitchen where I was far more comfortable and grabbed Richard’s to-bake list.
“Did your doctor come in?” I turned to see Olive shrugging out of her green wool coat by her locker. Her belly looked even bigger than it had a few days ago. I stared at it in awe until she twisted away to shove to her coat into the locker with forceful thrusts. “I’ve been looking for him.” I loved that she had my back like Moo did, but there wasn’t much she could do.
She frowned at me. “You don’t look hideous.” Olive called me last night to suggest that I make myself look as ugly as possible, so that Dr. Pervo would be turned off the moment he saw me.
“There’s no way to make my boobs look disgusting short of amputation,” I said.
She smiled and pulled her scarf from around her neck and shoved it into her locker as well.  I watched as she locked away her purse. She ran her hand over her swollen belly; she was big enough that the buttons on her blouse strained so much I could see her white undershirt. She slipped on an apron. 
“He’ll probably wait until lunch and pop in with a picnic basket and force me to eat with him,” I said. “And I’ll probably have to go out with him and he’ll spend the hour groping my breasts accidentally.”
“Maybe he won’t come.”
Or maybe—by the grace of God—he’s found someone else to be lecherous over. 
I grabbed a bin of muffin mix. “I can only hope that he’s found someone else, right?”
Olive smiled and finished tying off her apron. She gave my shoulder a supportive pat. “I, for one, can’t wait to see this guy… how old is he?”
“Like eighty,” I muttered. She laughed. “Olive, this really isn’t funny.”
She looked aghast. “I didn’t say that it was! But he can’t be eighty.”
“I’m getting a sense that you’re enjoying my misfortune a little too much.”
“I’m just curious if I know the doctor, that’s all.” Olivia hugged me from behind and I felt her pregnant belly press into the curve of my lower back. “I’m there for you okay, I’ll yell if I see any middle-aged Hispanic men enter the store.” Olivia headed out front to take over on register.
I was alone with my thoughts for five minutes before Richard shoved through the door.
“There’s a man here to see you.” He looked slightly annoyed.
My stomach dropped to my toes. I didn’t have the chance to ask him if it was Dr. Pervo because Olive rushed in, her eyes impossibly wide and her mouth hanging open. I took that as an affirmative “Pervo” sign and inched out of view of the kitchen door.
“Can you tell him that I’m too busy to be disturbed and take a message?” I asked.
I barely registered Olive’s confusion as she nodded and hurried out of the kitchen before Richard forced me to go out on the main floor. Richard was evil like that—he’d see Dr. Pervo as a possible paying customer and would want me to make nice for a few dollars added to the till. Surprisingly, he didn’t make me go out to talk; he just stared at me like I had a third eye.
“What?” I demanded.
“You thought any more about the assistant manager position?”
This was the last thing I wanted to talk about. “I like having Saturdays off.”
“What about taking another day off… Monday or something?”
“I like Saturdays,” I answered while carefully regarding him. What was his angle? What was in it for him? “I have to visit my aunt and uncle on Saturday… they both work on Monday.”
“What about Sundays?” He pushed.
“They go to mass,” I said.
“You don’t go to church with them?”
“I’m not Catholic anymore.” Not that it was any of his business. It was a personal choice I made back in college when Moo persuaded me to go to a nondenominational church. I fell in love with the worship leader (a crush that went nowhere) and out of love with the priest at the Catholic Church (that one was definitely going nowhere).
“So… you won’t give up Saturdays for anything?” Richard asked. I could tell he was frustrated because of the way his jowls trembled. He wasn’t going to give up. “Would you consider a pay raise in return for working every other Saturday morning?”
A pay raise was very tempting. I chewed on the side of my cheek. “What shift?”
“Five to one.”
I do prefer morning shifts. “Every other Saturday?”
“Yup.” Richard crossed and uncrossed his arms. I stared at his belly while weighing my options, which were few.
“Maybe… depends on the pay raise.”
“Why are you being difficult?” He practically yelled. The back door opened and Olive stuck her head in; her eyes narrowed with concern. Richard waved her away. It took me nodding that I was fine for her to disappear. Richard and I stared at each other for a minute. He knew that I wasn’t one to back down. He stepped back and walked around the kitchen to calm himself. 
“Richard… I like having Saturdays off. In case you haven’t noticed, I work over forty hours a week here. If you want some Saturdays off, why don’t you hire a new manager?”
“I thought I’d go internal first—you’ve been here longest, and I trust you more than I would trust some random yahoo comin’ in. I’ll give you a dollar more an hour.”
My eyes might have popped out of my head, but my voice was calm and disinterested when I asked: “Can I think about it?”
“I can’t give you more than that, Stela,” he said quickly. I hadn’t planned on asking, knowing that I’d get shot down. I just wanted to make him sweat a little more. He blinked rapidly and tapped his foot.
“Can I think about it? And this isn’t a way to get more money out of you, Richard.”
“Come on… you don’t have a family,” he whined. At that point, I knew he was pretty desperate.
“Excuse me, but I do have a family, Richard!”
“I mean kids,” he said simply. “My girls have a lot of things going on during Saturdays that I’ve been missing because I don’t have another person to oversee things here.”
Olive returned then, her eyes still big. I pointed at her.
“Bump Olive to assistant manager! She’s been here nearly as long as I have.”
“She’s gonna give birth in like two months, then what?” Richard asked. “Come on Estela don’t be selfish, I’m offering you an assistant manager title, a pay raise, the whole nine-yards. For just a few Saturdays out of the month in return. You can take another day off on the weeks that you have to work on Saturdays and….”
“Fine, Richard,” I sighed.
He smiled, showing me all of his yellow teeth. “Great, I’ll get the paperwork ready and we’ll discuss it more later on.”
I was disappointed in myself for giving in so easily. The extra money would be good and maybe if I could get Richard to give me about five more an hour I could get a better apartment—one rat and roach free.
“Did he leave?” I asked Olive once Richard was gone.
“Caleb Hood stopped by to say hello.” She smirked putting her hands on her hips. She looked at me as if I was holding a big secret from her.
“Who?”
“Caleb Hood.”
“I don’t know who that is,” I said. “Did the doctor leave?”
She shook her head. “There was no doctor.”
“If Dr. Pervo wasn’t here, than what was with that look?”
“What look?” Her obvious confusion made me worry that maybe someone else had come to see me—someone far more important. 
“Olive, you gave me a look when you came in here five minutes ago it was big-eyed and weird and anxious.”
“That look said: Oh my dear god, Stela has a hottie that she never told me about and I’m going to kick her ass!”
“A what!” I cried. “The hottest man in my life right now is Tio.” Still my heart was racing. The only true hottie I knew at present was Green Eyes.
“Stela, you’ve been holding out on me.” Olive pouted. “I thought we were friends and yet you don’t even tell me about this new love interest and…”
“I don’t know who Caleb Hood is!” I cried.
Olive rattled off his features: “Incredibly good looking, black shaggy-ish hair, intense, beautiful….”
“Green eyes?” I gasped, praying that she wouldn’t nod in agreement, but she did. “Olive, no!” I cried dropping the muffin mix. I ran from the kitchen to the front of the store, hoping desperately that Green Eyes—Caleb Hood—was still around. I scanned the customers eagerly.
“He’s gone,” Olive said stopping beside me.
“Why did you send him away?” I moaned.
“You said….”
“I described Dr. Pervo to you Olive, right down to his creepy moustache!” 
“I… I know….”
“He wasn’t a young, black-haired, green-eyed stud who….” The words vanished from my mouth as the bells over the door jingled. I looked up to see if Green Eyes was returning to sweep me off my feet and take me to some romantic location, like Milan, but it was not him. I dropped to the ground and backed up against the counter.
“Oh, is that him, Stela?” Olive asked.
“Yes!” I squeaked. Did he see me?
“Estela, for god’s sake get off the floor!” Richard cried. I waved my hands frantically as he said my name again as if I hadn’t heard him the first time. I hushed him.
“He’s coming closer!” Olive reached down to grab me and ended up grabbing my face instead. “What do I do? What do I do?” Her voice raised about ten octaves and she began to bounce around like a nervous child.
“I’m not here, I’m not here!” I hissed.
“Estela,” Richard’s voice was firm, no-nonsense. Because I couldn’t think of something sensible, I grabbed him by the leg and tugged him toward me. He bent when I gestured him down to my level.
“Richard, I won’t take the assistant manager job if you don’t shut up right now and just help me!”
His eyes narrowed.
“Hello, I am looking for Estela Ramos,” Dr. Pervo said kindly. I grimaced because his voice sounded so nice and normal. No one would know that a perv was hiding inside. I poked Olive to say something but she just squeaked in terror. I cursed under my breath and poked Richard over and over again until he finally spoke.
“She’s running some errands for me across town—probably won’t be back until after the lunch rush.”
Grinning from ear to ear, I wrapped my arms around Richard’s legs and hugged him so tightly he buckled and swayed forward catching himself on the counter with both hands. I let him go and waited for Dr. Pervo’s response.
“Oh.” His voice dropped with disappointment. Some twisted part of me delighted in that. “She and I had a lunch date today… she would have called me if….”
I slapped my hands over my mouth to keep from gasping or shouting out. He was a damned liar.
“Are you sure she’s not here? I thought I saw her through the window just now.” 
Olive made that squeaking noise again and started to wave her hand in front of my face, shifting back and forth anxiously at my side. I reached over and placed my hand on the top of her nurse-like therapeutic shoe. She stopped shuffling and put her hand on the top of my head, her fingers tightened around my hair.
“Can I take a message for you?” Richard asked.
“No, that’s alright, I will stop by later this afternoon.” 
I poked Richard hard several times but it didn’t matter, he didn’t say anything until the door jingled again. Richard helped me up, but before standing I peered over the counter to make sure Dr. Pervo was really gone. Richard, Olive, and I then moved into the kitchen.
“Oh my gosh, that was so stressful!” Olive cried as she collapsed onto a bar stool, holding her belly. She pushed her dark brown hair behind her shoulders and fanned her pink cheeks; her hazel eyes were still wide and uncertain. “I thought I was going to have the babies.”
“What’s going on? You had a date?” Richard asked. “You think you were gonna get off early?”
“No way did she have a date with that guy,” Olive said defensively. Her cheeks turned redder. “I mean, I’m not trying to be judgmental or anything. He’s just some guy her mom and aunt set her up with.”
Richard looked at me with new interest. “Wow… you desperate or something, Estela? My brother….”
“No!” I shouted. I hadn’t meant to yell, but honestly, I wasn’t desperate and I’d seen Richard’s brother. He was just a slightly younger version of Richard and was really into role-playing fantasy novels. I just couldn’t get into that, but more power to Steve. “Sorry Richard, but I’m not desperate and I don’t want to date anyone.” Except Green Eyes—Caleb. That’s a sexy name, I thought as Richard accepted my apology with a nod. “And I’m in no way interested in that old man. Plus, he totally lied about us having a date!”
“Is it creepy that he was supposedly watching you through the windows?” Olive asked. “He was probably watching when we came back to the kitchen now, so I’m sure that he knows you’re really here and not running errands.”
“Oh, great!” I cried. “Thanks, Olive… now I’m going to worry about him following me home.” I rubbed my face hard and turned as the kitchen doors opened. Amber was adverse to cooking (and cleaning up) and rarely came into the kitchen; she poked her head in and looked around until she saw me. 
“Estela… there’s someone out here for you. Richard, things are picking up again and I need help.” Olive slipped off her stool and left with Richard. A couple seconds later Olive returned with Moo. I sighed with relief as Moo removed her huge sunglasses and scarf. Richard poked his head in and gave me a warning look. We weren’t supposed to have friends in the back, but he always made an exception for Moo even though he acted like it was the end of the world.
I threw myself into her arms.
“He came to the store and Olive said that he’s probably stalking me!”
“I just saw him outside,” Moo said drawing back. “He said hello to me and said that you were running errands. So, I told him I’d come in for coffee and….”
“And he was probably watching you through the window and saw you come back here!” My head began to ache, a sure sign that my blood pressure was going up. “He’s going to demand to see me!”
“You’ll tell him that you’re not interested, Estela,” Moo’s voice was firm yet motherly. “Don’t freak out, okay—you’re freaking out.”
“God, he’s going to follow me home!”
“Estela,” Moo laughed. “You are so dramatic.” She sat down on the stool Olive had abandoned. She was right of course. I tended to blow little things out of the water. She was always joking about how I’d give myself a heart attack if I didn’t calm down and chill out.
“Okay, so he won’t stalk and follow me home.” I’m safe—very safe. I took a deep breath and let it out slow, shaking my arms, belly, and legs. Moo smiled and stole a cookie off the counter. “It’s not that serious.”
“No… not really.” Moo smiled and patted the top of the other stool. I sat down beside her and twiddled my thumbs. “And even if he is outside and comes back in, what are you going to do? Run and hide each time?”
Sounds like a good plan. I shook my head and slipped off the stool. I picked up the muffin mix that I’d dropped and walked around the island grabbing a mixing bowl from the shelf.
“When’s your break?”
“Not for a while, the noon rush will be coming in shortly and I have to start on this list. What have you been up to these past few days? We haven’t talked much since Queens.”
I glanced over my shoulder. She was fiddling with the scarf tassels. Her eyes had the same guarded uncertainty. “I… um… ran into Jeremy McCullum the other day.”
“Caterer Jeremy?” I asked. I briefly considered telling her that Caleb Hood came by to see me. I wanted to get an idea of why he did and who he was. Instead of asking, I decided to keep the focus on Moo. “Where?”
“He was working an acquaintance’s luncheon on Monday.” Moo folded her scarf and placed it in her lap. “It was nice seeing him. He asked me to apologize to you about the other night—when he saw you in your undies.” She giggled and my face instantly began to burn. “Oh, Stela, I still can’t believe that happened!”
“Yeah, I wish I had been somewhere else completely.” I watched Moo’s face carefully as I asked my next question: “So, he’s pretty nice, right?”
I wanted her to fess up and admit her crush on Caterer Jeremy, but Moo was too smart for that. Her eyes narrowed slightly before she sat up a bit straighter and started to play with her scarf again.
“He is very nice and came right up to me at the party and asked how I was. He then made me laugh—at you, of course.”
“Naturally,” I said. 
“But yes, he’s very nice.”
“You should ask him to dinner,” I said, wiggling my eyebrows.
Instead of being shy or illusive, her face lit up. “You’d approve?”
I wasn’t expecting her to ask me that. She never asked me to approve her boyfriends in the past. I certainly hadn’t approved Chance—and I never would since I was pretty sure he was the root cause of her recent pain.
“Approve? Is there something wrong with him?”
“Well, he’s not the typical man I’m attracted to.” Moo started to fidget again. “I mean, he’s a little older, he’s a father… he’s not rich.”
“Oh, I’m sure he’s pretty well off with his own catering company that caters to the rich and fabulous,” I pointed out. She considered that for a moment. I wondered how old his kid was. Moo had never been into a guy with “baggage” before—not that kids were baggage. I cringed a little, wishing I could take that thought back. “I like him and I approve—if you really need my approval—but I’m not sure Chance would.”
“Chance and I broke up Friday night after the party.”
“Wait you broke up with him?”
“Yea, it wasn’t working.” Moo said. She hopped off the stool, popping the last bite of cookie into her mouth. The scarf made its way around her neck and the sunglasses covered half of her face again. “Look, I gotta run, and while I’d go out the back and escape the paparazzi, I can’t—so… I’ll call you and tell you if I see Dr. Martinez—”
“Dr. Pervo.” 
Moo grinned. “I'll call and let you know if he’s lurking in the shadows outside. Love you, Stela.” She hugged me tight and I clung to her a bit.
“Love you too, Moo. And you should totally ask the caterer out.” I walked her as far as the kitchen door, peered through a small crack to see if Dr. Pervo was looking through the front windows. “All clear.” Moo laughed and started passed. 
I wanted to ask her about Caleb. Who he was, what he did, and how well she knew him. The lump in my throat and the palpations in my chest kept me silent.
“What’s up, Stela?”
Chickening out, I gave her cheek a little kiss. “I think I was promoted to assistant manager. I have to give up some Saturdays, but… it’s more money.”
“Yay!” she exclaimed hugging me. “Let’s celebrate Friday night, just you and me.”
“No parties to go to, Moo?”
“No… I’m done with the parties for a while. Do you think you’ll have this Saturday off?”
“Probably.”
“Great, want to come to my photo shoot?”
I nodded. I loved going to her shoots. It was so fun to watch Moo work and most of the photographers had this smoldering sexiness that was fun to fantasize about. Plus, there was always the chance that her shoot would be at some sexy locale and I’d get to fly for free. “Is it somewhere fab, like London or Paris?”
She smiled. “Central Park. You need a passport for Paris.”
I snapped my fingers. “Right, fresh out of passports.” 
“You should get yours renewed,” Moo said. “I could use a sister trip.”
I warmed at the idea.
“Central Park’s exotic enough, I suppose. Can’t wait to see you tear it up.”
Moo’s smile was electric. “I’m glad you said yes!” For some reason her excitement made my stomach clench. Instantly, I was suspicious. It felt like she was up to something. She was almost as bad as Tia. “Good luck with Dr. Pervo!”
“Yeah, thanks.”
Moo left, and Richard, the kind man that he was, allowed me to stay in the back for the rest of my shift while he took over at the register after Olive left for her doctor’s appointment. Baking muffins all day was my only way to escape Dr. Pervo, who, according to Olive’s text, was still outside the café waiting for me to return from running errands. I might have been overdramatic about a lot of things, but that seemed pretty stalkerish to me.

* * *
Chapter 9

* * *

After my eight-hour shift, I used the back delivery entrance to escape and crept around the side of the building like a bandit making off with a sack of gold. I stuck to the shadows and alleys, unable to shake the sense that I was being followed by a sinister doctor set out to rob my booty—literally. So, while I normally took the subway home, I jumped into the back of a cab and opted to pay a somewhat crazy cabbie to get me back to Chinatown. He stopped in front of Our Heavenly Savior, a soup kitchen a few blocks from my apartment building.
I paid the driver and hurried into the soup kitchen, which was about to close for the night. I often volunteered there, so many of the patrons greeted me with loud hellos. I stopped to chat with a few and offered what little cash I had to a woman named Bess, who I knew wouldn’t use it on drugs—alcohol, maybe.
My real reason for stopping by was to find Joe, a homeless man who started working for the kitchen in order to have a warm place to stay last winter and stayed on through the year, scrubbing pots and occasionally cooking. He’d done so well for himself, people from the church and a local social worker were helping him get housing, but for now he slept on a mat of blankets in the kitchen.
I found him at the sinks, scrubbing a large frying pan. He wore a bright yellow tank top that made his dark skin and black tattoos pop. He was a hulking guy, ex-military, by my guess, and homeless because of a drug addiction, which he’d beat. Maybe that’s why I liked him. He was like Moo, only big, black, hulking, and a little crazy after the brain damage caused by his fourth overdose. He was a survivor though and had a sharp sense of humor, plus, he liked me… said I was “good people.”
“Heya Joe.”
He glanced at me over his broad shoulder and nodded once, curt and business-like. “Estela.”
“So, I know I’m being crazy, but I might have a stalker.”
He stopped scrubbing for a few seconds and then continued as I filled him in about Dr. Pervo. I was sure to describe him in great detail. Joe didn’t really give much of an indication that he was listening or cared, but I knew that was just how he rolled. “Mind just keeping your eyes open for me?”
“Wait, you’re serious?” he asked, facing me fully. “A stalker?”
“I know it sounds crazy, but…”
“Ain’t crazy,” he said. “You hang out with that supermodel.” Joe’s forearm muscles danced as he viciously scrubbed the pot. I watch him for a moment and then leaned against the sink.
“I can give you money… kinda like hire you—it wouldn’t be for nothin’.”
“I’ll do it for nothin’, we’re friends right?”
I nodded, even though “friends” was kind of generous. Joe jerked the faucet to run clean water over the soapy pan. I turned to leave but he barked for me to stand still. 
“I’ll walk you to your building,” he said. “Want some chicken?” He gestured to the refrigerator. “I put my plate in there, you can have a wing.”
My stomach growled, just like it always did when I smelled the comfort food coming out of this kitchen. I never ate there though; something about me being a fully able and somewhat financially responsible person eating food for the homeless made me feel like I’d have a designer chair in hell. “Nah, it’s cool.”
I grabbed a broom to sweep up the already spotless floor while Joe finished the dishes. By the time we stepped out into the crisp night air, I felt safer already. Until I saw that Joe was going to take this job very seriously. The moment we started across the street to my building, he started walking backwards looking all around us, holding out his arms like he was a bodyguard and I was his Kardashian. 
He grabbed my arm a few times to pull me behind him—I nearly died each time. And then I noticed that he was doing this whenever he saw a Hispanic man on the street, which was surprisingly frequent in my little corner of Chinatown. I wasn’t really feeling the racial profiling, so I reminded him again of what Dr. Pervo looked like. Joe just nodded and waited at the bottom of the stoop until I had my key in the door knob.
“I’ll come by to get you from work every night you work late,” Joe called. “Java Loo, Wall Street, 10:30 pm.”
“No, no,” I said quickly. “That’s too far. I took a cab tonight, but I’ll just plan to take the subway—if you could meet me at the corner stop?” He thought about this for a moment and then nodded, begrudgingly. “Thanks, Joe.”
He crossed his arms and waited for me to unlock the door and slip safely inside. When I turned to look through the barred window I saw Joe heading back to Our Heavenly Savior. I wondered just how smart it was asking him—a man who was always nice to me, but whom I really didn’t know—to guard me.
Once in my apartment, I stripped out of my work clothes and into my PJs and settled on the sofa with a Lean Cuisine—Salisbury steak and mac and cheese—and turned the TV on. As the late-night news started, I glanced over my shoulder to make sure that I’d securely bolted the door and put the chain in place. Relaxing was my top priority after such a wound-up day, but it didn’t come. Every sound, every scratch, every rattle of the wind against the single-paned windows made my heart jump up to my throat where it remained lodged until I could thoroughly scope out my place and ensure Dr. Pervo wasn’t hiding under my bed.
After my fifth search, I took a shot of Grey Goose and called Moo. We talked for about an hour, during which my mother called at least four times. After hanging up with Moo, I hesitantly accessed my voice mail.
“Estela… how could you! That man is very busy and for you to avoid him today makes you selfish! Would it be so hard for you to just do what I ask? He said you hid from him! He thought it was quite charming that you’re nervous to see him.”
You’ve got to be kidding, I thought, starting the next message.
“Really, Estela, you are not sixteen anymore. This is not dignified behavior of a woman. You are lucky that Dr. Martinez is very interested in you and has not taken offense! Do not be selfish Estela. You need to grow up! I am embarrassed to tell the ladies in my sewing group that my only child is entertaining lesbian thoughts!” She hissed the words, which made me laugh. “Do what is right, Estela. Get married, to a man! Have children. Do not be a selfish little brat any longer! Now… Dr. Martinez will…”
With a groan I deleted the message without hearing the end. I threw my phone against the pillow and curled up on my side. I couldn’t believe Dr. Pervo called my mother and tattled on me. Tattled! And he had seen me hiding from him. That was embarrassing. Still, what grown man called a woman’s mother and whined about being avoided?
Okay, who’s sixteen now?
I said I wasn’t interested and I was going to avoid him at all costs, no matter how many times he called crying to my mother. Flipping onto to my other side, I pulled the blankets over my head, forming a little cocoon. Sleep came quickly and easily, despite everything. 

***

“Hello, Estela.” 
My skin crawled as Dr. Pervo cooed my name the next afternoon. I had my back to him, as I was restocking the merchandise shelves after Richard forced me out of the kitchen five minutes before. The lunch rush had just died so the place was pretty empty. I was so absorbed by straightening the mugs so that they were all facing the right direction in three lines of perfect unity that I hadn’t been paying attention to the door. I heard the door jingle and I heard Olive squeak my name, but I wasn’t quick enough to put the warnings together. And because of that, Dr. Pervo stood at my side with a brown picnic basket and an excited smile. 
My stomach kicked violently as he patted the basket and raised his eyebrows a few times in a somewhat perverse wiggle.
“Dr. Martinez,” I stammered glancing at Olive for support, but she just pouted her lower lip in sympathy and turned to help the next customer.
“Did your mother tell you that I would be by to take you on a picnic today?”
Whoa. I should have finished listening to her message. I had been so sure that she was just going to go on and on about how rude and insufferable I was (per usual). I hugged the box of mugs to my chest and looked for Richard, April, or maybe even Bryan. Someone to save me from this unwanted lunch date.
“She did mention something,” I started, feeling my skin bristle at his excited smile, “but if you had asked me, I would have told you that we’re completely swamped and I can’t leave the store.” Dr. Pervo looked around casually and then smiled. And of course he would smile—the place was deserted! Sitting at a table near the front window sat Suit and Tie Guy, a strange man who worked at some firm on Wall Street and came into the store every day for a regular black coffee and a muffin. He sat at the same table every day, sipping his coffee while reading every word in the Wall Street Journal. For a while I thought he may be a handsome Unabomber type, but changed my mind after a few months when he shyly smiled at me and asked how I was doing.
With Dr. Pervo lurking at my side, I was desperate to be saved and I felt like reaching out to Suit and Tie Guy—but in my time of need, he rose up from his chair and stepped outside to answer a call.
“I waited for the midday rush to die down so that you would not have an excuse not to have a lunch,” Dr. Pervo confirmed my suspicions. “Come on Estela, you can get to know me a little better—wouldn’t it be lovely?”
Lovely. I thought about what Moo told me to say. With a pretend sigh of regret, I gave him my most sympathetic smile and said, “I think I know you well enough, Dr. Martinez, and I’m sorry, but I’m not interested.”
I hated the callous, almost bitchy tone to my words, but I felt the need to be extra firm so that he couldn’t doubt my disinterest. He turned to Richard who was bringing me another box of merchandise to stock. I saw Dr. Pervo’s eyes drop to Richard’s name tag, stamped proudly with “store manager.”
“Excuse me sir.” His voice was oddly firm and authoritative. Richard instantly gave him his full attention. No Richard! Don’t give him an inch. Don’t let him think he won! “I was wondering if it would be okay for Estela to have her lunch period now—she hasn’t had a break all morning.”
“Actually I’m fine,” I said quickly. Lunch period? I tried to communicate my distress to Richard with as many freaked out faces that I could muster. I was in the middle of my best Hulk impression, teeth bared, when Dr. Pervo glanced at me. I forced a yawn.
“There are labor laws that you should be following, sir,” Dr. Pervo said.
My stomach kicked again, this time violently enough to force a little bile up the back of my throat. I swallowed it down with a grimace and tried to catch Richard’s attention by pretending that the half-empty box in my arms was too heavy. I nearly dropped it for my failed efforts. 
It was creepy that he knew my schedule front and back, and furthermore—why was he asking my boss if I could go on my lunch break? Richard’s jowls trembled. Oh, god... he’s going to say yes and I’m going to be forced to have lunch with him and then he’s going to murder me at lunch. He’s going to put his hand on my boob and—
“Estela, did you hear me?” Richard asked. I blinked and tried to snatch the box back when he took it out of my arms. “Go ahead and have your lunch.”
NO!
“Um, I’m not hungry and I’ve got a lot of work to do here,” I said firmly. “These mugs still aren’t straight and…”
“Thirty minutes,” Richard said.
“Excellent.” Dr. Pervo smiled.
I stomped my foot without intending to. Perhaps it was the child in me springing to attention, screaming: I don’t want to go anywhere with this man! Richard finally looked at me, and I glared, promising death with my eyes. Richard’s eyes moved to Dr. Pervo; his eyebrows rose and his lips made a little “oh” of acknowledgement.
No shit, dipstick! It’s HIM!
Before Richard could recant my lunch break, the bad doctor took my hand and pulled me toward the door. He didn’t even give me time to take off my apron and grab my coat from the back—probably because he knew that I’d run out the delivery door.
Outside, the sun was bright and warm. For mid-November it would have been a beautiful day, if not for the horrible company. Dr. Pervo didn’t let go of my hand, not even when I kept it limp. Two blocks down we stopped at a beautiful financial building with a huge fountain that I’d always admired. We sat on an unoccupied corner, and I turned my attention to the water jutting up in some type of sweeping pattern. Despite the tension I felt sitting beside Dr. Pervo, the fountain was calming. He placed the basket between us. The small barrier was a bit of a relief. A sudden sharp, cool wind through the water cast a mist over me. I shivered. Seeing a good out, I stood. “I should go get my coat.”
“Nonsense, what type of gentleman would I be if I didn’t extend my own garment to you for your expedited warmth?” He struggled out of his blazer. There were huge pit stains beneath his arms.
“Oh, no,” I said quickly. “You keep that, I’m not that cold.”
“Ah yes,” he said, putting his jacket back on. “You have good insulation.” I was so glad that he was covering up those pit stains, that it took me a good two minutes to realize that he called me “well insulated.” Well, if that wasn’t a strange euphemism for fat, I didn’t know what was. I ran my hands over my stomach. Big girls get cold too, I thought as he made a show of removing the checkered cloth napkin from over the top of the basket. He laid it on the small patch of black marble between us and then took out several packages wrapped in tinfoil. “I brought some ham and cheese sandwiches—” he set one in front of me “—apple slices—” he took out another rolled up chunk of tinfoil “—and I thought we could drink….”
“Juice boxes?” I asked. I was being snarky, but this felt like a lunch Tia packed for my fieldtrip to the zoo back in second grade. Maybe he has the fruit punch kind I’m partial to. He took out a Campbell’s Soup thermos and gave it a jolly jiggle.
“Lemonade!” He sang the word like he was one of the three tenors—Lemmmoonnnaaaadeee! I bit the inside of my cheek hard to keep from laughing. I didn’t want to give him any indication that he was charming. And although that was super corny, it was a bit charming. Several people passing by on their way to late meetings and late lunches glanced in our direction. I covered my mouth with my hand and slouched over. He untwisted the cap and made a show of pouring just the right amount of lemonade into the cup. He took a sip. “Mmmmmmmmmm… tart.” He handed me the same cup. Grimacing, I took it from him.
Even though he’d taken a sip, I felt like it was probably laced with arsenic (or polluted by his lips). I set the cup down and watched as he opened a tinfoil sandwich and placed it on my knee. He gestured for me to take a bite. I did only because I could only be mean for so long.
“So… how is work?”
Ah, normal conversation.
“We’ve been pretty busy,” I said. I took a little bite of sandwich, mostly bread. Bread crumbs and saliva fell from between his chapped lips as he smacked on his sandwich. I set mine aside and decided to nibble on the apple slices instead. Unfortunately, he reached into the tinfoil pouch just as I was and fingered all of them before choosing one at the bottom of the pile. They’re all contaminated now. Taking an apple from the edge of the pile because I was pretty sure that his fingers hadn’t molested those yet, I took a bite and then spat it into my hand. It had a strange bitter taste.
“Aren’t you hungry, Estela?”
“Not particularly.”
“Been snacking at the store?” he asked in a chastising manner.
I had been snacking all day, not that it was any of his damn business. Where did he get off making that assumption?
“No… I actually think I’m coming down with something—a stomach bug maybe.” And was that the wrong lie to tell! The moment the words came out of my mouth, his palm had cupped my forehead to check for fever. His fingers then slid down my neck to feel if my glands were swollen. I drew away and wiped something wet from my neck—mayonnaise. 
“You are a little warm,” he said.
That’s the fury.
“Perhaps you should make an appointment at my office?” He dropped a hand to my knee and caressed. I held back a whimper at the pressure of his fingertips as he pushed down to keep contact when I tried to pull my leg away. 
“I’m sure a little Imodium will do the trick.” And maybe a lobotomy. “Besides, I don’t think you could be objective with me as your patient.”
“Because we’re dating,” he nodded. My mouth dropped open and I choked on my tongue. I was forced to take a sip of the lemonade just to stop coughing. It wasn’t tart—the stuff was just as bitter as the apples. “You’re right, good point, Estela. It would not be professional to write you prescriptions as my—”
“We’re not dating, Dr. Martinez,” I interrupted. I remembered to make my voice firm. “This is just lunch. The last lunch we’ll have together.” He gave me this pleading look and for a minute I thought he was about to propose. 
“Please, Estela,” he begged taking another opportunity to touch my face. “Call me Ralph.” He picked up my sandwich and held it to my mouth. “Try it, Estela, please!” 
I jerked back as he pressed the crust to my lips. I grabbed the sandwich out of his hand because being fed was somewhat intimate, in my opinion, and he was making me rethink all of my fantasies. I took a huge bite, just to shut him up, and chewed the chunk for about two minutes until it was nothing but mush on my tongue and was making me a bit gag-y. I swallowed hard and took another bite, grimacing.
“What’s on here?” I asked, with my mouth full. I would have spit it out into my hand, but I did have some decorum.
“Special sauce,” he said, smiling. And then, “Good girl,” he cooed. He took a second thermos from the basket and drank straight from it. I pointed to the lemonade and he shook his head. “That’s all yours.”
I stared at my sandwich and frowned. “I think the mayo’s bad,” I said. I looked around, desperate for some relief. And like a blessing straight from God above, a cold, forceful wind hit us and I tossed the rest of my sandwich into the air and watch it sail into the fountain. With my shoulder as cover, I spat out what was left in my mouth and earned a few really ugly looks.
“Oh no,” I sighed as dramatically as I could. “That was really good, too. Oh well, guess I should be getting back now.” I started to stand but Dr. Pervo grabbed my arm.
“Oh, don’t worry about that—I’ve made you two sandwiches, seeing how you’re a big eater.” I pressed my lips together to keep from screaming. “It’s only been five minutes—” My mouth fell open then—it felt like hours had passed. “You can’t leave before the double chunk fudge brownies.” 
He handed me another sandwich and then opened the foil on the brownies, which were covered with blood red frosted hearts that had smeared all over the foil.
“Yum!” His eyes danced. I sighed heavily. Would he ever not be excited in my presence? “Your mama said that these are your favorite dessert—you can’t pass these up.”
I stared at the brownies and then at him. How could I get it through to him that I wasn’t interested in him, his sandwiches, or his brownies (although they did look rather tempting)? He needed to understand once and for all, before things really got out of hand.
“Look….”
“Eat up, eat up!” He tried to get me to sit by tugging on my arm like a four-year-old. Even though I wanted to be straight with him, feeling like he’s of a delicate psyche, I decided to break it to him easy. Instead of taking my seat, I sat down on his other side. 
“Look—Ralph,” I stammered.
“Oh, yes!” His sudden excitement made me panic. It was probably a horrible idea to sit so close to him. He scooted closer, somehow knocking over my cup of lemonade, which sloshed down his pant leg. His fingers brushed my lips and I jerked back with disgust. “Say my name again, Estela, it sounds so pretty on your lips.”
I stood up. “This is ridiculous!” He looked taken aback and I monopolized on that. “I’m not interested in you, Dr. Martinez. I never was and I never will be. I’m going to ask you nicely to leave me alone and not to come to my place of work again.”
He blinked a few times and cocked his head to the side, confused. “Your mother said that you were very interested in forming a relationship with me.”
“My mother doesn’t know a thing about me,” I said. “I’m not interested in you, Dr. Martinez. You… seem nice….” That’s a stretch. “Thank you for the lunch.” I moved away from his reaching hands. “Have a nice… day.” 
I only managed a few steps before his fingertips bit into my arm.
“Please,” he begged, jerking me against his body. I was so startled and off balance that I fell against him. Then it was like being trapped in a spider web. His mouth touched my jaw, but I was pretty sure that he’d meant to kiss my lips. Panic settled in instantly and I couldn’t breathe. This time I did feel something hard against my thigh.
I needed to get away, but there was nowhere to run. No one to save me. His fingers would leave bruises on my arm for how tight he was holding on. His hand slid down my back and over my butt. His grasp was enough to snap me back into reality. I struggled, but stopped when he seemed to enjoy it.
“You haven’t given me a chance to show you the man I can be for you.” His voice and his breath were hot in my ear. As his hand slipped down my butt again, my eyes prickled with unshed tears. “I’m a good man….”
“Estela?”
Dr. Pervo released me. Staggering back from him, I spun around to see who my savior was. Relief flooded through my entire body, turning my legs to putty, and at the same time a sharp tug of adrenaline coursed through my limbs. My lips went numb. I became breathless. It was as if my mind couldn’t process that he was standing in front of me at that moment. 
Green Eyes—no, Caleb Hood—stepped up to me, his eyes on Dr. Pervo. His hand extended toward me and I grabbed it. Warmth danced up my wrist as his strong fingers squeezed mine. The tassels of his blue scarf blew with the cold wind, which pushed the scent of soap from his skin to my nose. For a moment we were surrounded by light, just him and me. He looked better than all of my daydreams of him. 
“Caleb, hi!” I said. My voice sounded husky—sexy, I hoped.
He drew me to his side. His green eyes, full of unspoken warning, were on Dr. Pervo. I stared at his square jaw and perfect lips. There was a scar, about an inch and a half long, on his chin. I tried to remember every bit of him. My knees wobbled and I had to touch his arm to steady myself. He had decent arms, soft and strong at the same time. His eyes dropped to mine and I swear I saw double. I fell into him only to pull myself back up quickly. I did my best to gather my wits and smile.
“Everything… okay?” Caleb asked.
It is now, because you are my knight in shining armor! You are my king! You are my victorious warrior! You have come to save the damsel in distress! You are my soul mate! The captor of my heart! My love slave, my sex baboon, my…
“Estela?”
I blinked and found his intense eyes still staring into mine. “You okay?” 
This time he touched my arm. My heart kicked and my blood rushed with a flurry of excitement. I fanned my face. 
“Um…” I glanced back at Dr. Pervo who’d stepped back, his eyes on Caleb. “I, um… yes, I’m fine.” Dr. Pervo began packing up our lunch with fast, aggressive movements. I stepped toward him, but Caleb caught my arm, confusion in his narrowed eyes. Right, I was just molested. I don’t need to give this guy any kindness. I don’t need to be concerned about his feelings. I sucked in a breath when Dr. Pervo turned to me. “Thank you for lunch, Dr. Martinez, but I’m sure you understand my position.” 
He barely glanced at me as he shoved the basket under his arm and walked to the curb to hail a taxi. Caleb and I watched the blue diamond cab take him away. Biting the inside of my cheek, I stepped back (it took all my strength to do so) and turned to Caleb. His eyes were still laser focused with concern. His jaw worked as he turned me to face him fully. His eyes scanned my body for more signs of distress. For a moment I considered collapsing, but I was still in my Java Loo apron covered with baking crud, my hair pulled back in a bun. I wasn’t at my sexiest self. Fainting would not look cute.
I smiled. “I’m fine.”
He sighed, and something about the sound, about the movement of his body even as he stood perfectly still before me, struck a memory. But I still couldn’t place him in my mind.
“I think you just saved my life!”
Without much thought, I put my arms around his neck and hugged him. It was brazen and wild, totally not me, and it felt amazing. His arms moved slowly around my body and he pulled me flush to him. It wasn’t the kind of hug you give a stranger. Well, a normal person wouldn’t have gone around hugging strangers. I chalked it up to still being upset about Dr. Pervo and him still dwelling in his knight in shining armor role. 
For a moment, just before we parted, I felt the press of his warm cheek to mine, and the sudden spark of overwhelming desire had the scared Estela inside me screaming. She wanted to run far, far away. I stepped back quickly and crossed my arms over my aching breasts.
“Bad break up?” Caleb asked after a moment. 
“God no, gross,” I said automatically.
He laughed and shuffled back and forth nervously. When our eyes met again, my heart pumped a giant ball of oxygen through my veins. After a moment of painful silence, I blurted: “Did you ever try the caca on grass crackers?”
“Yes, gross.” He said. I liked the way the corner of his eyes crinkled. “You’re braver than I am, Estela.” I smiled, liking the way he said my name. He didn’t say it in any particular way; maybe it was just that he said it at all. Caleb regarded me with his jade eyes and then gestured with his chin toward Java Loo. “Can I walk you back to work? You must be cold.”
I was actually really hot, but I nodded and accepted his arm. For a moment he held it away from his body, and after a few steps, tucked it in and pressed my hand against his side. I couldn’t see much of him side-by-side, but he seemed to fill out his jeans nicely, and his simple charcoal grey coat was fashionable. The scarf might have been made by his mother. Each gust of wind teased the little wavy ends of his hair that beckoned me to touch them. 
I sighed, bringing his attention to me.
“You have no idea how happy I am that you happened to be walking by a few minutes ago.” I shuddered, remembering the feel of Dr. Pervo’s erection against my leg. I needed a bath, a long hot bath. The next words out of my mouth were meant only for my head: “I’m pretty sure he would have started humping me if you hadn’t shown up.”
His bark of loud laughter made face heat up. I bit my lower lip and shook my head a little. “I can’t believe I said that out loud. That was meant to be inner dialogue.” 
“You’re amazing,” he said.
“Well, you’re a godsend.”
“I try.” He shrugged a little and gave me a dopey smile. Soon were walking again and my hand was still pressed to his side. Occasionally our shoulders bumped and each time I wanted to jump back into his arms. After a minute of bumping, I gave his arm a little squeeze and then put more space between us. He didn’t seem to take offense. “So, who was that guy? A professor of yours?”
“I’m not in school. My mother and aunt set me up with him.”
“Wait, like a date?” he asked, appalled.
“YES!” I groaned and kicked a piece of trash a few feet ahead. “Thank you for understanding what a complete f-up that is. I told him no, but he just won’t listen.”
“Some guys don’t.” The tone of his voice made me glance over. His eyes were narrow, slightly shadowed and dark. He slowed to a stop a few feet from Java Loo and touched my arm. Heat rolled through my body, pinching delicate parts of me. “Did he hurt you, Estela?” I didn’t look away when our eyes met—at least not right away. He was so cute and his stare was a bit too intense. I felt like he could see my soul.
“No, I’m okay. Thanks for asking.” I glanced at the store window and then looked at him. “Would you like a coffee? On the house.”
He smiled, a bit sadly. “Can I get a rain check?  I’m in the middle of—”
“Of course!” I interrupted, “no explanation needed.”
He adjusted the strap to his big bag, which I just noticed him carrying. “Besides, I don’t feel comfortable having you treat me to coffee when you don’t know who I am or how we know each other.”
I crossed my arms. “You’re Caleb Hood.”
His smile was playful. “Yes, that’s my name—but you don’t recognize it, or me.”
“I recognize you from Moo’s party,” I said quickly. I didn’t say that I only remembered his eyes and that all of his other features were new to me. I gathered as much detail as possible in case I never saw him again. “You’re saying that I know you another way?” Did he come into the café all the time? I worked in the kitchen so it wasn’t fair for him to blame me for not remembering.
“We’ve run into each other a lot these past ten months.”
I crossed my arms. “Bullshit.” He laughed again. I liked the way it sounded when it just spewed out of him like that—loud and very happy. But was he serious? Ten months? There was no way we’d been acquaintances that long. I wasn’t that obtuse. “You’re playing with me!”
“I’m not.” He held up his hands.
“We know each other through Moo—I mean, Molia—obviously,” I said.
“Obviously.” 
Had he been a normal person, I would have been annoyed by him mimicking my voice, but instead I laughed. He gave me a little salute and turned to leave.
“Hang on!” I cried. I didn’t want him to go, not yet. “You can’t just mosey off like that!”
“Do you remember?”
I didn’t and he knew that.
“You’ll remember eventually.” He adjusted the bag again.
“But why don’t you just….”
“Hi Caleb, sorry I’m late!” A woman with dark red hair wrapped her arm around Caleb’s waist and pecked a kiss to his lips. At first he seemed startled by her, but that quickly turned into a warm affection as they kissed again, slower. A strange pinch filled my throat and tugged at the back of my eyes. I looked away.
It never fails. 
My heart deflated. Really, what was I thinking? Caleb was obviously the type of man who would have a sexy-modely-redheaded-vixen as a girlfriend, and not a girl like me. 
“Well, um, thanks,” I stammered. Wringing my hands together, I turned and started toward the doors of the cafe before he could say anything. I was nearly there when I felt his hand wrap around my arm. He turned me around. I stared at his handsome face, but I didn’t daydream about him sweeping me into those strong, protective arms. What was the point? My eyes moved to his waiting girlfriend who was watching us with curiosity.
“I’ll stop by for that coffee soon, okay?”
I took him all in. The deep dimple in his left cheek, positioned awkwardly low, but still charming. His impossibly long and thick eyelashes and those amazing green eyes.
“Estela?” Olive’s voice floated down from behind me. I looked over my shoulder. She seemed hesitant to interrupt. I stepped away from Caleb and smiled at Olive. 
“What’s up?”
Olive bit her lower lip. “I’m sorry, but we need you.”
“That’s fine, I’m coming right now.” Caleb’s hand slid down my arm, his fingers gently brushed mine. I couldn’t deny the heat I felt from his touch, but it was even more depressing now that I knew he was taken. I put my best smile on and nodded. “Thanks, Caleb. Don’t forget about that coffee… you can bring your girlfriend too.” 
Something flickered in his eyes, hesitance maybe. But what did I know about men? He released my arm and I feel very cold.
“Say hi to Molia for me, okay?” He asked.
“Sure!” I smiled enthusiastically and waved goodbye. 
Hurrying into the store, I dove back into work and ignored the cramps in my stomach and the tears forming in my eyes.

* * *
Chapter 10

* * *

Poisoned. He poisoned me!
After twenty minutes of trying to keep it together after learning that Caleb had a girlfriend, I found myself huddled in a bathroom stall, squished between the wall and the toilet. I’d been vomiting for fifteen minutes before Olive found me. I couldn’t find the strength to get up and unlock the door, even though she begged me. On occasion I saw her looking at me between the crack in the door and the outer frame of the stall. She cooed sympathetically every time I wretched and passed me paper towels and a Dixie cup of water under the door. 
“Holy shit, Olive,” I moaned. “Is poison supposed to work this fast?” 
“I don’t think you’ve been poisoned.” There was hesitation in her voice. I was pretty sure that there were poisons out there that produced instant vomiting. Sickness came on me like a tsunami. First just a little twinge of indigestion, and then wham-O!
“Can you open the door?” Olive asked again. “It’s not a big deal. I used to throw up every morning until last week.”
It took a minute or so for me to untangle my limbs from the toilet and another minute to crawl across the floor to the door. Olive stepped in with me; she had the decency not to curl her lip or plug her nose. She handed me another wad of paper towels and gestured to my mouth with a grimace. A moment later she was using a can of floral-scented Lysol to spray the air. The haze of chemicals fell down around me.
“Richard’s waiting outside—he looks concerned.”
I leaned back against the wall. “Wow, Richard gives a damn.” He was the one who forced me to have lunch with a monster pervert. What did he care if the lunch Dr. Pervo all but crammed down my throat was laced with some parasite or toxic poison? “I feel so molested!” I moaned.
“I’m sorry, hon,” Olive said.
It had been an all-around shitty day. The only good part was Caleb’s welcome appearance by the fountain. He’d looked so fierce and protective when he asked me if I was okay. Goosebumps fanned out along my arms and chest at the thought of those green eyes staring Dr. Pervo down. And then he walked me back to work, which was so gentlemanly. We engaged in some borderline flirting, which felt awkward and nice at the same time. And I was so sure that he’d take me up on the coffee offer, until the red haired weasel woman latched her ugly tentacles around his body. When she topped off her vile embrace with a long kiss, my entire body sank into a small ball.
I felt stupid for believing that anything could have been happening between us.
Pushing myself up off the bathroom floor, I staggered past Olive to the sink. My mouth watered. I hesitated between going to the sink and back to the toilet. Olive rubbed my back until the feeling went away. At the sink, I cleaned myself up as best I could. Olive redid my ponytail. Before leaving, she doused the air with Lysol again.
Stumbling out of the bathroom, I nearly fell into Richard’s arms. Not that he had them hanging open to give me a hug or anything. No, he was standing ram-rod straight, his feet spread unnaturally far apart. His scowl was more annoyance than concern. Just as I began to tell him I didn’t feel good, he sniffed the air around me. His eyes fell to my clothes.
“Jesus,” he grunted. “What’s on your pants?”
I glanced down. Oops, guess I didn’t get it all. My mouth watered again. I kept my lips pressed firm, too afraid to speak in case whatever was creeping up my esophagus was the projectile kind.
“You look really bad—I think you should go home,” he said. 
I wasn’t going to argue. Olive walked me back to my locker, helped me into my coat and scarf, and then led me through the café. At the front corner Suit and Tie Guy was still at his regular table, his eyes lifted from the newspaper. He frowned. I was touched that he took the time out of his day to consider me even for a moment.
“Olive, make sure you refill his coffee,” I said, gesturing wildly. I wasn’t sure if she knew who I was talking about.
Right outside the café, I stumbled toward the trash can near the curb. My chest burned with each dry heave; nothing came out. Blood rushed to my face so quickly I felt myself toppling over.
“This isn’t normal,” Olive said, patting my back. “You should go to the hospital.”
Her concerned face doubled right before my eyes. I grabbed her shoulders and blinked until she was one again. Going to the hospital might have been the best option, but I just wanted to lie down on my sofa in my own apartment.
“There was something off about the mayo,” I said. 
“You’re just not used to mayo—you hate the stuff.” Olive smiled sympathetically. “I don’t think he poisoned you. People don’t do that.”
I wanted to believe her and her innocent “people don’t do that” beliefs, but my stomach cramped so badly I was sure he dosed me with a vial of botulism, E. coli, salmonella, and all the other baddies that cause intestinal ruckuses.  
The gust of wind that hit us felt colder than it had before, and despite my stout stature, I nearly fell over. Olive grabbed ahold of me. “I’m okay,” I said after a moment. “Go back to work—I’m going to catch a train.” I saw her hesitation, but walked away anyway. I only made it a few feet before I had to dash back to the trash. I spent the next five minutes throwing up outside Java Loo. This wasn’t the most optimal place to be sick, with potential customers passing by on the sidewalk, but I didn’t have the strength to move on or go back inside.  
“Honestly, Estela.” I pulled my head out of the trash at the sound of Richard’s voice. He sighed, like I was a nuisance. Standing a few feet away was Suit and Tie Guy who must’ve brought Richard outside. I tried to draw myself up.
I straightened up and felt a wave of dizziness knock my brain around. As I stood there, trying to collect my thoughts and my equilibrium, Richard shivered, his yellow teeth clattering loud enough to give me a migraine.
“Did you eat anything at the store?” he asked. “If you did we need to make sure not to sell whatever it was. I already have Amber disinfecting the kitchen. And if you’re sick we’ll have to get rid of all of our baked goods you touched and put them in spoilage. I can’t allow my customers to become ill and catch this stomach bug.”
I’m not sure why I was surprised by him. It was a total Richard thing to say.
“You’ve known me for three years!” I cried. “Don’t I warrant some type of concern?” Why doesn’t he care about me? Why doesn’t anyone care?!  
“Jesus, don’t cry!” Richard’s voice was a bit high-pitched. 
“My life sucks,” I wailed. Richard reached out and then drew back with a grimace; his eyes on my pants. “Caleb has a girlfriend. Dr. Pervo molested me and fed me poison sandwiches. And Moo wouldn’t tell me her secrets. Moo always tells me her secrets.” Tears spilled down my cheeks. “I am a good person!” I shouted at Richard. “I don’t deserve to be poisoned by a psychopath.”
“Estela,” he stammered.
“No Richard, I didn’t touch anything in the stupid café. The only thing I’ve had to eat was a picnic made by some crazy man who….” 
Yelling charged up my gag reflexes. I launched my head, mid-tirade, to the trashcan. Nothing came out, but man did my body try to purge it anyway.
Richard shuffled back and forth on his feet. “Look, about that guy…”
“He molested me on the street, Richard!” I cried. “He poisoned me with tainted mayo and all you care about is your stupid store and your stupid customers!” No offense Suit and Tie Guy. “You should be offering to take me home. Not lecturing me while I’m inside the trash.” I sniffled, which wasn’t the best idea. The smell of rotten things and baggies of dog poop had me gagging again. 
Richard sighed. “I can’t take you home because I can’t leave the store to….”
“I’m sorry I’m such an inconvenience to you, Richard!” I wailed.
“I’ll watch the store!” Olive called from somewhere behind us. I think I even heard Suit and Tie offer to take me, somewhat weakly. Even regular customers care more than you, Richard! “Take her home, Richard,” Olive was saying. “I don’t trust her to get there by herself.”
I pulled my head from the trash, eager to tell them both that I could make it home on my own, but as I straightened up the world spun. I saw shock on Richard’s face as he reached forward quickly. My vision swam with black splotches that formed a solid black dot and then a universe of stars. The last thing I remembered was free-falling to the cold slush-covered sidewalk, caught right before my head smacked the ground by my scarf and Suit and Tie Guy’s quick reflexes.

***

“Ms. Hart, you’re making a serious allegation here.” 
“And my friend is seriously sick!” Moo yelled. “She was fine. He poisoned her.” 
I opened my eyes slowly. I wasn’t lying on the ground outside Java Loo. At once my body alerted me to every ache: my neck, which felt like it had been whipped around 180 degrees, my right butt cheek was throbbing, my throat was raw, my stomach was a ball of fire, my tongue felt two sizes too big (and I was pretty sure it was hanging out of my mouth), and my brain hummed with pain and pulsed against my skull. The hospital lights were too bright. I turned my head slowly and whimpered. In the next bed over, a woman stared at me with red, dead-looking eyes. There was black stuff around her mouth and a bed pan under her arm. For a moment I thought she was a corpse. Then she blinked; her black-tipped tongue poked out to lick her dry lower lip. She looked like a crack head. 
“She’s been poisoned!” Moo shouted again. I tried to lift my head, but I don’t think I manage even a fraction of an inch. “I’m not making any allegations, officer, I know for a fact that she’s been poisoned.”
Police?
“Mooooooo.” I doubted that she heard me; I could barely hear myself. I reached out blindly to the sound of her voice.
“I appreciate your concern, but we don’t know that for sure.” The man Moo was speaking with seemed calm despite Moo’s freak-out shrillness. “The blood tests aren’t back yet,” he continued gently.
“Don’t take that tone with me,” she snapped. I smiled and continued to reach for her. “I will not be condescended to. I will not allow you to—”
“I’m not saying that your friend isn’t sick,” he interrupted. His voice was more professional now. “It could just be a bad case of food poisoning, ma’am.”
“Food poisoning brought on by a sandwich that was made by a doctor who desperately wants her to like him!” Moo’s voice rose with each word. She sounded hysterical, a typical “defend Estela” tone. It sounded like she was sucking on helium, which told me she was seriously angry. “He—Dr. Ralph Martinez, write that down. You’re not writing it!” She really is talking to a police officer, I realized. Wow, this is serious. “This horrible doctor probably assumed that Estela would run to him once she was sick. I bet he’s skulking around here somewhere waiting for us to clear out so he can rush in and inject her with something!” 
Moo’s so smart.
“AND,” Moo screeched, “if she’d gone to his practice he would have been free to molest her on a professional level.”
The cop sighed. “Ma’am that’s a bit dramatic, don’tchya think?”
“Officer Brentwood, don’t call me dramatic!” Moo’s helium voice was kicking into high gear. “I know my friend! I know the type of men she likes and old disgusting men are not it. That horrible man was all over her three nights ago. He’s crazy and she’s in danger. I want her to be protected by the NYPD!”
Officer Brentwood chuckled before saying. “Miss Hart we don’t provide that type of protection. Maybe, if you’re truly concerned, you could hire a bodyguard or—”
“You are not taking this seriously,” Moo snapped. “I want to talk to your captain. I won’t deal with your incompetence anymore.” Her tone was now haughty and self-entitled. She got that way when people treated her like a celebrity—in the negative sense.
I swallowed, trying to drum up some saliva.
“Moo,” I moaned. My mouth was like a box of chalk and tasted worse. Lifting my head slightly, I peered at the curtain on my other side. Her black Jimmy Choos were on the other side of the blue curtain, facing off with two serious black loafers. She was farther away than I realized. The curtain moved and a young-looking doctor walked in.
He smiled, flashing charming little dimples. “Your friend is really going to bat for you out there.” He said, putting in the ear buds of his stethoscope. As he drew down my blanket and lifted my shirt, his hand lightly brushed my breast, and although it was completely professional, my body jumped involuntarily. I felt blood rush into my face. I looked away and breathed in and out as he instructed.
“I’m Dr. Ben Earely,” he said as he removed his arm from my shirt. He wrapped the tubing of his stethoscope around his neck and began pressing my belly, which hurt. At one point I weakly attempted to push his hands away. “I’m your doctor—you’re in the emergency room of Claymont Memorial.”
“What for?”
“We think that you have a pretty bad case of food poisoning,” he said as he re-examined a tender spot on my abdomen. “Not to mention the dehydration from vomiting and diarrhea. You lost a lot of fluids in a short amount of time, which is why you passed out. Unfortunately, you also have whiplash and a slight concussion.”
“Whiplash?” I frowned. “Howsa?”
He smiled and used a remote to prop my bed up. The whirl of the motor vibrated my entire body. He placed a small cup with a bendy straw in my hand. I took a sip of water.
“The whiplash has something to do with the way you were caught as you fell.” He pulled my blanket back up and rolled a small table to my bedside. I set the cup beside a matching blue pitcher. “I think you were wearing a scarf and someone grabbed it instead of you. You’re actually lucky your neck didn’t break.”
“I was poisoned?”
“That’s what your friend is saying, but I don’t think the police believe her,” Dr. Earely placed my chart back at the end of my bed and then squeezed my foot. “You’ll be here until I’m sure you’re fully hydrated.” He pointed to the IV in my hand, which I hadn’t realized was there. It was the only thing that didn’t hurt. “After you’re released you’ll just need to take it easy for a few days. You’ll need to drink plenty of clear fluids. Sound good?”
“Did I make myself sick? Can people die of heartbreak?” My thoughts moved to Caleb, his girlfriend, and the humiliation that was growing anew at the center of my chest.
“Did you have a bad day?” Dr. Earely asked.
“I was groped by an old man who poisoned the lunch he brought me.”
Dr. Earely raised an eyebrow. “Seriously?”
I nodded. “He said it was a ‘special sauce.’ I don’t even know what that means.” I swiped away tears. “Then I discovered that my crush has a girlfriend.” I was really crying now. “Jesus… I’m sorry. I’m not fifteen, I promise.”
“Don’t apologize,” he said, giving my foot another squeeze. “I feel the same way every time women reject me.”
Rejected. I looked him over. The guy was literally an extra on Grey’s Anatomy. I doubt that he had a hard time getting women and was rejected by very few. Rejected. What an ugly word. My previous thoughts that maybe, just maybe, Caleb would like me back disintegrated. Dr. Earely walked back to the curtain and disappeared. I stared at Moo’s heels and let that word—rejected—tumble around in my brain. I’d been rejected plenty of times in the past. How now brown cow? If I survived that, why was this taking such a toll on my heart and mind?
The curtain rustled and I could hear Moo grumbling under her breath. My eyes fell to the crack head. She was watching Moo’s approach with a look of confusion that I often saw on people as they tried to decide if she was famous or not. I waited for that moment of “aha!” followed by the “holy shit, that’s a celebrity.” And sure enough, the girl’s eyes widened even more and she reached her bony arm back and pulled a cell phone from her back pocket. She started to lift it to take a picture but saw me watching and put the phone under her pillow.
I felt Moo’s hand on my shoulder. She put her heavy purse near my feet, and then, with a noisy jingle of her bracelets, she sat beside me. Her bony hip pressed the side of my body. Wordlessly, she stroked my shoulder and then my stomach, and although her touch was much lighter than the doctor’s it still hurt. 
“Moooooooooooo,” I wailed.
“Oh, Stela.”
My stomach suddenly seized and I half sat up and half rolled over. And just as I thought the cramps would pass, my throat tightened and my mouth watered. I looked around, frantic, and slapped my hand over my mouth. Moo reached behind me and shoved a pink kidney-shaped dish in front of my face. She held it there as I threw up.
“Oh my god.” I moaned hoarsely. “I feel like death—everything hurts.” 
Moo used a tissue to dab my mouth and another to wipe my tears. She would have pushed one against my nose and held it there while I blew snot, but I grabbed the tissue and did it myself.
She looked immaculate, as if she’d just stepped out of a Vanity Fair editorial. Her hair was swept back in a low ponytail and she was wearing brown, skin-tight riding pants and a cream scoop-neck sweater. I knew she wouldn’t fuss over her appearance to come see me in the hospital. She would have run out of her apartment in her underwear just to get to me.
“Were you working?” I asked.
“No, just running errands,” she said. She was a little dismissive about it so I couldn’t help but feel a little suspicious of what she’d really been doing. Fresh tears filled my eyes when I remembered that she was keeping secrets from me.
“Are we broken?” I whispered.
“No,” she gasped. “Why are you asking me that?” 
“It feels like we are.”
Moo tried to smile but failed. Before she could say anything the curtain moved and two police officers came forward. Moo slid off my bed and walked toward the girl in the next bed, she was squirming with panic as she stared at the cops. Moo drew rolled a curtain divider between our beds. She didn’t do it to give me privacy. Since her recovery, she’d become an advocate for recovery programs that helped get kids off the street. I was pretty sure she saw something of herself in the bony, pale girl, covered in grime of the streets and stained with charcoal that they’d used to pump her stomach.
“Stela, the police are here to take your statement,” Moo said, crossing her arms, daring them to say something crazy to me. “I’m positive Dr. Martinez poisoned you. This is Officer Brentwood.”
He was short, stout, and had a horrible sunglasses tan—well burn actually. His lip curled when he spotted my kidney cup of vomit. Moo didn’t bother to introduce the second cop.
“Ms. Ramos.” Officer Brentwood smiled and shook my hand. “I’m Drew Brentwood. Miss Hart and Miss Olivia Hermann have been telling me that you’re having problems with an old boyfriend?”
“Gross, he’s not my boyfriend,” I said quickly. “He’s just some old fart who won’t take a hint that I’m not interested. Look, maybe this is just a stomach bug or something. I don’t think it’s necessary to file any report.”
Officer Brentwood looked relieved and flipped his book closed. “Well then, if that’s the case I’ll just—”
“No!” Moo said firmly. “This is not over—you need to file a report.” After her creepy stalker a few years ago, she was quick to file reports with anyone who was a little too pushy or showed up too often. I could understand her worry. “Estela, Dr. Martinez is not legit! Trust me.”
Dr. Pervo wasn’t taking things that far—was he?
“He does know my daily schedule,” I said. Moo’s face lit up with triumph. She pointed at Officer Brentwood’s notepad and made “write this down” gestures. He flipped open the book (a little aggressively) and made some kind of note. “But he could have gotten that information from my mother or aunt.”
“No,” Moo said, shaking her head. “He’s been coming to Java Loo daily. Olive said she’s seen him waiting outside the café for you.”
I noticed Officer Brentwood’s eyebrows draw inward. He wrote even more on his pad. I grabbed my stomach as it began hurting. I didn’t want him to write anything down. I really didn’t. “Maybe that’s just gross and not really stalker-y. Right?” He frowned and wrote more. I looked at Moo. Her smug, satisfied expression did not calm me. “Right, Moo?”
“Wrong,” she said. My heart sank. “You’re doing the right thing filing this report. Stop feeling guilty.”
I settled back against the pillow and pulled up my blanket. “I don’t think he poisoned me.”
Moo returned to my side and put her arm around my shoulders. 
“But doesn’t it make sense to believe that he would do anything to force you to see him—food poisoning included?” she asked. She looked at Officer Brentwood. “He seemed so desperate for her to like him last Saturday.”
“Tell me about your afternoon, Miss Ramos.”
I told him everything I could think of regarding Dr. Pervo, even the part where Caleb showed up and saved me. Moo had no reaction to this. Again, I was suspicious of that. She would have been all over this detail in the past, and when I looked at her she just examined her fingernail polish. 
“Has this man been overly aggressive with you before this?”
“No, I have been avoiding him. But I feel like I was very clear that I’m not interested.”
“Do you feel threatened, Ms. Ramos?”
Threatened was such a strong word; I couldn’t answer right away. I didn’t want Dr. Pervo around me and he had become a little grabby and pushy. At the same time I hadn’t felt threatened just a little startled. If Caleb hadn’t come by at that exact moment, I probably would have shoved Dr. Pervo into the fountain. Or at least made a big enough scene that someone around us would have done something (I hoped). Maybe he was a good person under all of that gross. Maybe he only had some unconventional dating habits, including a complete disregard for personal space and poor attention to detail (who used expired mayo?).
“I think he could be dangerous,” Moo said when I didn’t answer. “He grabbed you today!”
I frowned at her. I had left the part about him rubbing himself all over me out. I felt embarrassed by it and not really sure how to explain it to them. “How did you know about that?” Moo looked away from me and then scratched her nose. “Moo?”
She sighed as if my question irritated her. Both Officer Brentwood and I stared her down. She looked at shoes and played with her gold bangles.
“Caleb called to tell me he ran into you today.” She was so nonchalant about it, but my heart was beating triple time. I shouldn’t have been shocked by the fact that they were friends. I had met him at her party after all. There seemed to be more to this call then she was letting on.
“What did he say?” I hated the breathiness to my voice.
“He was worried about what he saw on the street, and frankly so am I!” 
Was he really worried about me? I wanted to pick her brain for all sorts of information, including details about his girlfriend. I looked away when my scrutiny made Moo squirm. 
“This man, um… Dr. Ralph Martinez… he grabbed you?” Officer Brentwood asked.
“My arm.” I nodded and touched the spot, which was sort of tender. Rolling up my sleeve I found that he’d left bruises on me. Officer Brentwood noticed as well and made a note while also commenting on he needed to get pictures taken. Moo whipped out her iPhone and took a few.
“I’ll email you these,” she told him. I had to commend Officer Brentwood for keeping his composure. He thanked Moo and stepped closer to me to examine my arm. “And he rudely rubbed himself all over her,” Moo added firmly. My face flushed and then went cold. 
Caleb had seen all of that?
“That’s got to be sexual assault or something like that,” she said. “You need to put all of that into the statement.”
Officer Brentwood stared at Moo with wide, incredulous eyes. “Thank you, Miss Hart. I can do my job.”
“Maybe you should take it more seriously,” Moo said, sweetly. 
For a second it looked like he was going to tell her that he didn’t take orders from her, but as Moo crossed her arms again and glared at him, he decided to make a few more notes instead. I wondered if one of them was “aggressively hostile best friend.” Moo looked at me and shrugged. 
I wanted to ask her about Caleb, but before I could get the question out, Tio’s voice boomed throughout the ER. “Estela!” I craned my neck to look for him, but all of the curtains were blocking my view. “Estela!”
A quiet voice responded to Tio.
“Yes, I’m family!” He shouted. Moo hurried past the curtain. A moment later, Tio came at me with his open arms. The second he saw Officer Brentwood his arms dropped and the look on his face, once full of concern, turned to outrage.
“What is this?” Tio demanded. “Why are you here? She didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Sir, I need you to step back…” Officer Brentwood’s hand moved to his holstered pistol.  Moo grasped my uncle’s arm and drew him to my bed. His work-roughened hands cupped my cheeks after a moment.
“I don’t like to see you here, Butterlips.”
“Estela was poisoned by that doctor!” Moo cried.
“What doctor?”
Tio looked me over and then turned to face Officer Brentwood again. “Has he been arrested? What are the charges? They won’t be good enough. I want him in prison! Are you just going to stand there then and do nothing? Typical—cerdo!” 
“Tio!”
“Sir, please calm down, we are taking her statement and we will talk to Dr. Martinez—there is no evidence that your daughter was poisoned.” 
“Niece, she is my brother’s niece.” 
My mother’s voice was the last thing I expected to hear, and the least welcome. She and Tia stopped in front of my bed. My mother glared at me as if I was the culprit. Tia was sobbing into one of her embroidered handkerchiefs. I looked between both ladies. Why had I been cursed to have been born from the wrong woman? Mother crossed her arms and shook her head at me. I knew the next words out of her mouth would be something about me ruining my last chance at a happy life, or something equally idiotic. All I wanted was for Officer Brentwood to go to Dr. Pervo’s house and tell him to stay away from me.
Tia grabbed for Moo and the two embraced. Moo used a tissue to dab my aunt’s cheeks. She then smoothed her hair back as well, hushing and cooing her.
“Why are the cops here?” Tia asked, hugging Moo again. 
“Estela is filing a report,” Moo answered as she cuddled my aunt.
“You’re filing a police report!” My mom’s shout made me (and Officer Brentwood) jump. “This is ridiculous!”
“It’s just a precautionary report, nothing that goes on anyone’s record—furthermore, ma’am—” Officer Brentwood gave me a sympathetic look when my mother snubbed him with a wave of her hand and turned on me.
“How dare you, Estela! After all that I’ve been through to get you a date!”
Oh my god, please kill me now. This time I gave Officer Brentwood the sympathetic look. He offered me a business card and said that he’d be in touch. Moo took the card out of my hand.
“I’ll email you those pictures,” she said.
The officer’s lips pressed together; he nodded curtly. After he left, my mother started up again and not even Tio could stop her. I rolled onto my side so my back was to her and tried to fall asleep. She flicked my head, which was what she did whenever she was frustrated or super angry with me. Today, however, her flick was like a baseball bat to my brain. I couldn’t help but yell in pain.
“She has a concussion!” Moo yelled.
“Stop, Marianna!” Tio snapped. 
The noise level increased drastically within a matter of seconds. Mother was screaming at Moo in Spanish, calling her all sorts of names that I knew Moo understood because I taught them to her. Tia was yelling at my mother, trying to calm her down, and my uncle was going on and on about Dr. Pervo and the police needing to do something “or else.”
I felt the blanket drawn up over my shoulder. A gentle hand passed over my back. I didn’t have to look to see who it was; I could smell the tobacco from Tio’s pipe. His palm cupped my cheek and moved lightly over a bump near my temple. After a moment everything was quiet. Someone, maybe Dr. Earely, had swept everyone out of my room except for Tio.
“This is crazy,” I whispered as he rubbed my side. “Something like this doesn’t happen to me, it happens to Moo.”
“This can happen to anyone, Butterlips. We’ll keep you safe. I will make sure that he doesn’t hurt you again.” 
I wanted to believe him. I really did. 

* * *
Chapter 11

* * *

“She’ll be safer with me, Tio,” Moo said as Tia helped me put on a clean t-shirt four hours later. “He doesn’t know where I live, plus I have a doorman.”
Dr. Earely had released me with the instructions to drink plenty of fluids and to eat bland foods whenever my appetite returned. Moo, Tio, and Tia had stuck around the entire time while my mother left hours earlier when I refused to talk to her. I was glad for the peace. I did feel a little bad about it at first, but being poisoned took a lot out of a girl. And while my mother was upset with Moo for involving the police (and my selfishness in refusing Dr. Pervo), after thinking about it for a while I was happy Moo took the initiative. Plus, I think my mother was embarrassed to be wrong, especially after Dr. Earely claimed my illness was due to salmonella.
Moo’s theory was that Dr. Pervo rubbed the sandwich meat over raw chicken, which could have accounted for the funky taste.
“She’s right, mi amor,” Tia said to my uncle. She drew my hair back from my face and braided it loosely. “Let her stay with Moo tonight.”
Tio groaned. “I have my pistol,” he countered.
“No one’s getting shot,” I said firmly. 
“I will feed her Gatorade and crackers,” Moo murmured as she stuffed my dirty clothes into a plastic bag provided by one of the nurses.
“We overstepped, Marianna and me,” Tia said. She put her arms around Tio. He kissed her soundly. “I’m concerned that he will come to the house,” she sighed. “It’s unfortunate.”
“So it takes me almost dying to see that you shouldn’t set me up with random Hispanic men that you meet on the street?” I asked trying to lie back down, but a nurse put her hand on my back and gestured to the wheelchair. Tia wrapped me in a blanket she brought from home and kissed my forehead. 
“Perhaps when Marianna calms down….”
“Mother won’t ever calm down,” I muttered. “I’m so tired and my stomach hurts, I just want to go home with Moo, okay? Maybe you can come take care of me tomorrow, Tia?”
“Yes, I will take a day off of work, anything for my hija.”
“No you won’t,” my uncle corrected. “We will work and we will then come to the city to visit Butterlips after our day is over. She will need to rest and I am certain that Moo can take care of her.”
“As if she were my own,” Moo said as she began to baby me again. I let her, even though a healthier me would have been annoyed at all the fussing. The wheelchair they gave me wasn’t the best. The front wheel wobbled and shook; it was like riding in a noisy shopping cart.
“Can I walk?” I asked. “This thing is making me nauseous.” 
“We’re almost there,” Moo said. The nurse pushed me into the ambulance bay and I saw a limo and a hired car. As Moo escorted my aunt and uncle to the limo and happily showed them a bottle of champagne, I climbed into the back seat of the hired car and pressed my face against the warm leather. The nurse handed me a bottle of Gatorade and a new barf cup. I was pretty sure the driver wasn’t thrilled. I curled up into a tight ball and moaned when Moo climbed in and patted my butt.
“Scootch,” she said.
“Do you know the driver?” I whispered as she pulled me back against her skinny body and held me with surprisingly strong arms.
“Yes, that’s Marcus, he works for the agency. I’ve told him to drive smooth.” After a minute or so of staring out the back window, Moo relaxed at my side. “I don’t see anyone following us.”
“You told me I was being silly about the stalking thing!” I cried, panic rising. My stomach began to cramp. Moaning, I pressed my fingers into my abdomen. I’d never felt this kind of pain before. “And now you’re looking out for him?” I asked between clenched teeth.
“I wasn’t worried until Olive told me that Dr. Pervo knew when you had breaks, when you were busy, what you eat. Come on Estela, he’s definitely a stalker if he knows what you eat.”
“I’m sure my mother told him about the double chunk fudge brownies, Moo, and that I like ham and cheese sandwiches, which I will never ever eat again.”
“But Olive said that he knew that you hadn’t had your break, that he had pointed that fact out to Richard. Who knows something like that? I don’t even know that, Stela.”
“You don’t care about my breaks, just about the snicker doodles I bring you.”
“That’s true,” Moo said thoughtfully. “I’ve already put in a call to Yasmin—” her personal assistant “—and she’s bringing our favorite sick movies to the apartment….”
“Troop Beverly Hills?” I asked with hope. It was one of our ultimate favorites; we knew every word in that movie.
“Of course she’ll bring that one, along with about twenty others, and some soups and crackers, and more Gatorade.”
“I need a personal assistant,” I said. “Does she brush your teeth?”
Moo chuckled. We rode in silence for a while and I was almost asleep again when Moo gave me a little shake. “You’re not supposed to sleep for another five hours because of the concussion.” She glanced out the tinted back window again. 
“I think he’ll leave me alone, Moo, I mean, he’s not going to come after me again.”
“No, probably not—but let’s just be cautious, okay?” She pulled my head back against her shoulder. “Don’t sleep—Dr. Cutie Pie says you’ll fall into a coma and die.”
“He didn’t say that,” I laughed. Moo flicked my head after a while. I blinked a few times and then leaned forward. “I don’t know if I can make it.” 
“Let’s talk then,” she said. “We still have a few more blocks.” 
I didn’t think I’d fall into a coma and die, but Moo had sparked a bit of fear in me. Talking was a good idea, and despite my worry about opening a can of worms, I asked:
“So… Caleb Hood called you?” I tried to be as casual as possible about it, but my heart was racing and I’m sure Moo could feel it. She could probably smell my interest. It was like she had radar for Estela crushes. Even as little kids she knew when I liked a boy. 
“Yes… he said you met him at my party.”
“Not officially,” I sighed. “He says we’ve met before then, but I can’t remember when. He insists that we have been running into each other for ten months. I think that’s impossible.” I looked at her. “Is that possible? Do you remember me meeting him?”
She smiled and shrugged. “He told me not to tell you.”
“Oh, come on!” I exclaimed. “If I don’t remember now, I’m never going to remember.”
“He thinks it’s fun.”
My mouth dropped open. “Is he playing with me?” I didn’t want to be played with, not after these Dr. Pervo shenanigans.
“He’s not really the type to play games,” Moo said. “Do you like him? He’s handsome and gentle, and so caring and…”
“Please stop,” my voice broke a little. Moo stroked my hair.
“What?” she whispered. “Don’t cry.”
“I’m not!” But I was. “He has a girlfriend! I don’t know why I’m so upset about it. But we had good chemistry and he saved me from Dr. Pervo. And then… this redhead shows up and kisses him.”
“Caleb’s actually a really great guy. Why don’t you try to be his friend?” 
“I suppose that’s all I’ll ever get to be with a cute man.”
“He was really worried when I told him that you were in the ER. He said he had a bad feeling about Dr. Pervo when he saw him.” 
Could I be friends with Caleb? I wasn’t sure, not when my feelings for him were so oddly intense. I wanted to be more than friends. It had been such a long time since I’d felt that way for a guy. No, I couldn’t be just his friend. I would fantasize about him and each time his girlfriend kissed him I’d die inside. That was too much drama. Besides, I had Moo—what did I need with another friend?
“I really did like him, you know—like him like him—and then boom.” I grabbed my heart and pantomimed it exploding out of my chest. Moaning, I pressed my face into my hands. “Maybe Dr. Pervo didn’t poison me. Maybe I just made myself emotionally sick.”
Moo sighed and hugged me close. “Caleb’s a really nice guy, Stela,” she said again. “I know he has a girlfriend, but you don’t know how serious things are with them. It could be a new relationship and you could steal him away!”
“Ppppsttt, please,” I rubbed my face and shook my head.
“It’s not like he’s married,” she said. “Just be friendly with him—make him laugh, and I’m sure he’ll see what a catch you are, and dump the bimbo.”
“You didn’t see this girl, Moo, she was beautiful—perfect. Sexy.”
“Caleb’s surrounded by perfect plastic people all day, Stela, it gets boring.” She leaned against me. “He wants a real woman—a woman who will be open and honest and loving with him.  Not his status. And you are sexy.”
“I wish I could remember where we first met. I don’t like him having this over my head.”
Moo began to bounce her knees up and down anxiously. She nibbled on the side of her thumb. “It’s getting so cold out, huh? I can’t believe Thanksgiving is right around the corner.” I rolled my eyes. The sudden change in topic and her erratic behavior meant she was about to pop and tell me how I really knew Caleb Hood. She began to bite her nails, peeling off the polish. Any moment now— 
“He’s a photographer,” she squeaked. “Oh my god—I couldn’t hold it in!”
I sat back. I didn’t know any photographers—that was Moo’s arena, not mine. I’d gone to extreme lengths not to have my picture taken. If we knew each other it was because of one of Moo’s photo shoots. I’d only been to a few in the past. Florida, Mexico, California, and Chicago. So, one of those places. I scratched my chin in thought.
“He’s a photographer and photo director, Stela,” Moo continued. She bit her lower lip. “Gosh, he’s going to kill me for telling you—but that’s how you met the first time, he was a photographer at my shoot.” 
“I kinda figured that much. How long ago did we meet?” 
“I can’t tell you that.” Her eyes pled with me to stop asking questions. I knew it wouldn’t be hard to get it out of her.
“So, we met at a photo shoot ten months ago?”
She pressed her lips in a fine line. “No… no, I’m not saying another word. And don’t tell him that I told you—he really wants you to figure it out for yourself.”
“I doubt that I’ll be around him to tell him anything,” I muttered. There was a bit of poutiness to my voice that I wasn’t proud of. “Why is he playing this game?”
“I don’t know,” Moo said. “I guess he… err, I don’t know.”
“You guess he what?” I poked her side until she slapped at my hand.
“Stela, please! You know how hard it is for me to keep secrets from you!” I looked away. You’re keeping a big secret from me now, so obviously it’s not that hard. “It’s making your head hurt just thinking about it.” I smiled because like always, she was spot on in her assessment on how shitty I felt. “Just rest, okay, and try not to think about Caleb.”
Yea, right. “I can’t not think about him. He’s so cute, Moo.”
“I know.” 
A moment passed when a horrible thought crept into my mind. I grasped her hand. I had to ask her—but I didn’t want to. It would mean everything in the world if the answer was yes. If she said yes—Caleb Hood would become untouchable to me. A forbidden fruit.
“Did you sleep with him?”
I held my breath.
“No.” Moo smiled and patted my white knuckles. “I never even considered it—he’s cute and all, but we never had a physical attraction to each other.” 
I shook my head in disbelief. “Is he gay or something?” Moo laughed loud and hard. Marcus pulled the car in front of her midtown high-rise. “Moo, is he gay?” I demanded. 
He had to be gay for her not to be interested. Caleb was a beautiful man. He wasn’t rock hard and skinny like some of the other guys Moo dated, but he was definitely bedroom material. 
She shook her head. “He’s just not my type.”
“Why not?” I cried. He’s exactly your type—who is she kidding? “If you don’t want to sleep with him something must be wrong! I mean what is it? He smells so damn good and he’s warm… and he’s got this scar that’s borderline horrific-sexy. And you didn’t want to jump his bones?”
“You’re making me out to be some type of shallow bimbo,” she said as Marcus opened the door and offered her his hand. She accepted and then turned to help me out. 
“What the hell is wrong with him?”
I noticed a few paparazzi snapping pictures of us. Moo ignored them when they called her name but it was hard for me to do so. I tried to smile only because they’d shot a bunch of really unflattering pictures of me alongside Moo in the past.
“There’s nothing wrong with him!” Moo cried. “I just… I didn’t want him.”
“Why not? Does he have a short temper? Kick cats?”
“No, please just drop it!” She led me past her doorman. “Hi, Sal!”
“Miss Hart,” Sal said, bowing his head a little. “Miss Estela.”
I flinched and then grinned at him. When we were far past, I grabbed her. “How does the doorman know me?”
“All of the staff has your picture,” Moo said.
“What, like framed?”
She laughed and pressed the button for the elevator. “No, well, maybe Pete who works in the basement shoving coal into the broiler.”
“There’s a broiler?” Moo leaned against me and laughed as she shook her head. I chewed on the inside of my cheek, feeling bashful at being so easily duped. “Don’t tease me, I’ve been poisoned.” Moo was still laughing when we stepped into the elevator. “Oh my god,” I gasped. “Caleb’s been to prison—you would never date someone who served time.”
“Um, that’s not entirely true,” she said. “It depends on what kind of crime was committed.”
“Liar. You wouldn’t date a con.” I rubbed my face and leaned against the elevator wall. “Did he chop his first wife up in little pieces and feed her to the perfect plastic people he works with? That’s it, isn’t it? God… I knew he was too perfect to be true.”
“Now you’re being dramatic.” 
“There has to be a good reason for you not to sleep with him. He has chronic bad breath—wait, no he doesn’t.” I would’ve noticed halitosis. I saw her smirk and felt instantly irritated. She bumped me with her hip.
“Estela, nothing is wrong with Caleb.”
“Why didn’t you sleep with him?”
“Because,” she said as the elevator door opened. “I didn’t want him because I thought he’d be good for you.”
My mouth fell open into a little ‘oh’ of surprise. For me? Does she seriously think a guy like that is right for me? I wondered.
“Caleb Hood is perfect for you, Estela.” Moo led me down the hall to her apartment door. “And you know what? I think you’re perfect for him too.”
I let that sink in and tried to think of something to say—something that would refute her last comment, but all I could think about is my sudden need to vomit. “Toilet,” I murmured, covering my mouth with a shaky hand.
Moo practically dragged me down the hallway and hoisted me against her side as she slipped a key card into the handle of a large blue door. Two minutes later I was bent over her commode, trying to empty my stomach with dry heaves, and wondering if maybe Moo was right. Maybe I should befriend Caleb. I could use another friend. Friends were good things. Even sexy photographer friends who made me tingly and excited at the possibilities, even if there were none.
“Friends,” I said into the toilet, my voice echoing a little. “I can be friends with Caleb.”

* * *
Chapter 12

* * *

“Thank you for bringing these, a friend of mine wants to give them to her as a present.”
“How’s she feeling?”
“Last night was pretty rough, but she’s doing better today. She’s such a baby when she’s sick.”
“So is my little girl, but I think it’s only because she realized early on that I completely dote on her when she’s sick. She’s got me wrapped around her little finger.”
“How cute, how old is she?” Moo’s voice sounded so whimsical and friendly, and, interestingly, it wasn’t her fake “tell me more, but I don’t really care” voice. 
I was supposed to be asleep on the sofa, but the doorbell woke me, which meant it was okay for me to eavesdrop. I’d been lying perfectly still as not to interrupt them, but now I was dying to see who she was being so friendly to. I propped myself onto my elbows, wincing at the pull in my tummy, and peered over the back of the sofa.
Caterer Jeremy McCullum! I smiled. How interesting.
He looked different out of his catering uniform. That day he wore jeans, black shoes, and a blue sweater. He shifted back and forth while watching Moo with hooded eyes that seemed to glimmer with something heady, something animalistic. It was like he wanted to devour her. Moo looked cute in her Santa pajama bottoms and the big, tattered Columbia sweatshirt that I bought her long ago. Her hair was twisted up into a clumpy bun at the nape of her neck, and she had a serious case of bed head going on, but Jeremy didn’t seem to mind—he was drinking her in like a starving man in the desert. His smile was gentle and warm and his eyes never moved away from hers. 
If he had been gazing at me like that, I would’ve run away. My eyes honed in on the box in her hands. He brought her something.
“Sandy will be five in January,” he said.
“Wow!” Moo smiled. “That’s a good age, isn’t it?” I wasn’t sure how she knew this, but she definitely made it sound genuine. 
“Yes, she’s wonderful—my pride and joy,” Jeremy said. “But, she can be a handful at times.”
“I’m sure your wife loves her at this age—I know I would….”
“Oh, I’m not married.” The words shot out of him like bullets. Moo blushed. Jeremy looked horrified and stammered his next words. “I never was married… it’s definitely complicated.” He laughed and rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah, I’m single.”
“Oh,” Moo said, nodding.  
I sat up a little more, but stayed behind the pillows so they couldn’t see me. An unmarried single father—had Moo ever dated someone like Jeremy? No, I was pretty sure that he was far outside her box. Maybe that’s why she was drawn to him?
“Is it difficult?” Moo asked as she set the box on a small side table against the foyer wall. “Raising her alone….”
“At times.” He nodded. “Especially with my growing business. My mom ends up watching Sandy most days, and that can get difficult. Mom spoils her rotten and then Sandy comes home expecting the same level of pampering. I figure I’ve gotta nip that in the bud before she’s a teenager. Things will get better as soon as I can find a partner to help me run my business. I won’t have to coordinate and handle all of the orders and parties like I do now.”
“And even with your busy schedule you came all the way out here to deliver these.” Moo patted the top of the box. “I’m sorry, I know this was a rush job and….”
He shook his head. “It’s not a problem.”
“I’m surprised you didn’t have an employee come out….”
“I wanted to make this delivery,” he interrupted. I pressed my chin to the pillow and watched Moo try to hide the obvious delight on her face.
“Y-you did?”
Jeremy dropped his arm heavily to his side. He seemed to give up whatever he was holding back. “Yeah, I wanted to see you again.” The atmosphere in the room started sizzling. Moo shifted closer and he shuffled back and forth before stepping in as well. “I needed to. I mean, after Monday—we had a really good conversation and I felt like a fool for not asking for your number. I don’t go around asking for clients’ personal numbers.” Moo touched her neck and nodded. She started to fidget, her eyes never leaving his. 
Finally, Moo stepped closer to Jeremy, and I suppose it was all the encouragement he needed, because he tugged her into his arms and their mouths came together with urgency. Moo’s arms wound around his neck and his hands dropped to the small of her back. His fingers curled around the fabric of her sweatshirt. He bent her backwards with the passion of his kiss.
I ducked back down. When the kissing stopped, I sat up again. His hands cupped her cheeks and ran down her shoulders to her arms; he set her back.
Moo’s fingers flew to her lips.
“I’m sorry!”
“Don’t apologize,” Moo said. “It takes two, and I… I….” 
She stared at him for a moment and then wrapped her arms around his neck. This time the kiss was slow and passionate and it was Jeremy who moaned and backed her up into the side table, knocking little knickknacks, papers, and a lamp to the floor. Moo wrapped her legs around his waist and slid her hands down his back in this tantalizingly slow way that made him bury his face against her neck. He kissed her throat and then swept his fingers up the inside of her sweatshirt.
Moo pushed him back with a little gasp. “Wait, wait, wait….”
“I’m sorry.” He dropped his hands, but kept his forehead against hers.
“Don’t apologize.”
“No, I’m… I don’t ever do this, Molia.”
She stared at him for a moment and then said, “Call me Moo.”
I gasped with outrage and sat straight up on the couch. They both turned. Moo’s face turned scarlet and Jeremy staggered away from her. Sliding off the side table, Moo’s hand covered her mouth. Her eyes were so big. I was the only one who called her Moo! Sure my aunt and uncle did also, but it was meant for family—for people who know her well. Jeremy McCullum was a stranger!
Moo’s eyes were apologetic as she stared at me while taking Jeremy by the arm to lead him to the front door and outside the apartment. When she came back in a few minutes later, her hair was even more mussed, and her lips were swollen and pink. She glanced hesitantly at me and then picked up the box Jeremy brought her.
“Don’t be mad, Estela,” she said coming forward.
“Don’t be mad!” I cried. “I call you Moo! That’s our special nickname.”
“But Tio….”
“That’s different! You just gave away a part of us to someone random.” 
“I like him, Stela,” Moo said. Her eyes filled with tears. “Please don’t be angry… you know that I don’t allow anyone else to call me that but people I love.”
“You’re saying you love Jeremy McCullum? You don’t even know him!”
“I love… I… love something about him.” Moo sucked in her lower lip and nibbled it. “I’ve never been kissed like that, Stela, with such… abandon and need.”
I felt a sharp sting in my chest. I wanted to relate, but the kisses I’d had in my life were nothing like that movie quality or semi-pornographic diddy Moo and Caterer Jeremy just shared.
“Moo is more than a nickname to me, you know,” she said. “It’s affectionate and loving, it’s safe… and… it’s mine. I want to give it to Jeremy.”
“But you don’t really know him! He could beat his daughter.”
“He doesn’t,” Moo said with a little smile. “Come on, Stela, you know he’s a kind man. Besides, I’ve already had him checked out.”
I sat back, amazed. “Like… PI checked out?”
“Yeah.” Moo leaned into me. “I’ve made a resolution not to give pieces of myself to anymore assholes. I had to make sure that he was a good man, one who’s never had a drug problem, or a problem with the law. I had to make sure that he was loving and caring of his family, which he is.”
I couldn’t believe how far she’d gone for a person she’d only known a couple weeks. Maybe Jeremy was different.
“Did you do that for Chance?”
“No.” Moo’s eyes darkened. She hugged herself and shook her head. “No, I wish I had. I could have avoided some heartache, I think.”
“Did Chance hit you, Moo?”
“No, never.”
“He did something though, didn’t he?” I was going to get the secret out of her. I deserved it now that she was willing to share her real self with some stranger. “Something happened three months ago, right? That was when your depression started?”
She rubbed her fingers up and down the length of her nose. I just wanted to give a gentle little push and if she was ready, fine. If not, I could wait a few more days. But not much longer after that.
“Why three months?” she asked.
“Tia said that your pictures in the tabloids show you dropping weight as far back as three months ago,” I said. “Did you lose a friend?”
I suppose I hit a sore spot because Moo covered her face with her hand and began to cry.  Slipping closer to her, I muted City Slickers and began rubbing her back. Tears flowed freely as her secret poured out.
“Yes… it started three months ago.” She took a deep breath. “We were in Japan on a shoot, and I just passed out. They took me to the hospital and after a few tests I found out that I was dehydrated and… pregnant.” She whimpered the last word and then dissolved into more tears. My heart squeezed. I grabbed her hand and held it tight. I took the box Jeremy brought her and set it behind us on the table so I could hug her close. “Moo… what happened?”
“I was so happy, Stela, so excited, but… but Martin and Chance weren’t.” She rubbed away tears with the cuff of her shirt and sniffled. “They were furious actually. I don’t think Chance wanted the responsibility and he was mad at me for not being more careful. And Martin swore it would ruin my career forever.”
I squeezed her hand. I knew what was coming and my heart went out to her.
“I had an abortion, Stela,” she whispered. “We arrived in Okinawa and I had an abortion.”
Although I expected the words, my mind couldn’t wrap around them. Moo was pro-choice, but when it came to her own body, she was 100% pro-life. For as long as I’d known her she’d always talked about having children one day. When we played as little kids she was always the mother and I was always the father. (I asked her if it was because I had a man-ish face and she said, no, it was because I had hairy legs.) It amazed me that she would have an abortion because two men in her life told her to. And I would bet that a good thirty percent of her depression came from giving in; the rest from losing a part of herself.
I had a new-found hate for Chance Raley and Martin Wise. How dare they? And more importantly—how dare Moo let them have such control of her? She was way too strong to let that happen again. Had she learned nothing after living so many years under her mother’s thumb? Even though she’d gotten away from Paulina, the master manipulator, she was still being “handled.” But, I wasn’t going to chastise her. She was doing enough of that herself.
“Oh, Moo,” I murmured as she whimpered in despair.
“I regretted it from the moment I agreed,” she said now using my blanket as a tissue to wipe away tears. “I was so angry, Stela. At myself mostly, but also at Chance and Martin. They should have never hammered me like they did, and I should have been stronger. After I’d recovered, I felt like I didn’t deserve to eat.
“And every time I see babies or hear about babies I just… cry.” Moo sniffed. I stroked the back of her head. “The night of my party, Chance made a comment that Margie was pregnant and having her baby—he said that she was a fool because it would ruin her career. I said that it wouldn’t… I mean, look at Heidi Klum. And do you know what he said, in that stupid British accent?”
I shook my head.
“‘We dodged a bullet, kitten.’”
“Dick face,” I growled. Was anyone really that insensitive?
Moo sucked in a deep breath. “After he said that to me Friday night, I slapped him across the face. We were in the kitchen, Jeremy saw everything—he heard me tell Chance that I hated him for talking me into having an abortion. Chance said it was my decision in the end and that I solely was responsible for killing the baby.” She looked at me with desperate eyes. “That’s what he said, Stela. You’re responsible for killing the baby.”
“Jesus,” I whispered, shaking my head. I couldn’t believe that she had gone through all of this the night of her party and hadn’t come for me. Why?
“So, I slapped him again and broke up with him right there,” Moo said, reaching to the tissue box on her coffee table. “I cried for about twenty minutes in the kitchen while Jeremy stood beside me holding my hand. He kept all of his employees out.”
Oh, so that’s why she’s so drawn to him. He was her knight in shining armor. I bit the inside of my lip as a twinge of jealousy hit me. It was stupid, I knew that, but I’d been the one to be there for her in cases like this. It should’ve been me there for her; instead she was comforted by some stranger hocking mystery hors d'oeuvres.
She blew her nose several times and wiped away the last of her tears. We sat together in silence; Moo staring at her hands and me wondering what I should say and how I could comfort her. In the end, I kissed her cheek.
“I’m sorry you had to go through any of that, Moo.”
She nodded and cuddled up beside me.
“Afterwards, Chance bitched to Martin about me dumping him, so when Martin confronted me about it, I fired him.”
I gasped with excitement. “Really?” She laughed because she knew I couldn’t stand Martin and his slimy ways. “Yea! Moo!” I pumped my fist. Her firing Martin was a long time coming! And even better, he wouldn’t ask me about plus-sized modeling again. Hallelujah!
“Martin was so shocked,” Moo said, resting her head on the back of the couch. “He didn’t believe me. I told him that after the next two gigs he’s officially off payroll, and that I would make an announcement that I’m retiring.”
“Retiring!” I exclaimed. I thought that was jumping the gun a bit. She definitely needed time to heal, but she could fly to France for a month and recuperate. “But you love modeling! You’re not that old—lots of good models are in their mid-twenties!”
“Well… we’ll call it an extended break for a few months.” Moo smiled a little sadly. “I want a baby, Stela. I want to be a mother. I want to right the wrong choice that I made in Japan. I want to be big and fat with a baby or two. I just want to be a mom.”
“So you’re just going to use Jeremy to get you pregnant?”
Moo tossed back her head with a laugh. “No, of course not! I’m not going into this lightly, Stela. Jeremy asked me out to dinner tomorrow night and I said yes. I don’t know much about him besides what the PI found, and I want to learn for myself. I’m also going to let him know that I want a baby….”
“Is that wise?” I asked quickly, not trying to cover up my shock. I didn’t have that much experience with men and dating, but I did know that you weren’t supposed to show all your cards at once. Surely her dropping the baby bomb on him would send him running out the door, right? “What are you gonna do, pour some wine and tell him you want to have his baby? Don’t you think it would scare him off?”
“Probably… but I figure if it doesn’t scare him I’ll know that he’s serious about me.” Moo touched her lips again and smiled. I still couldn’t understand how quick she was moving with Jeremy. She probably would’ve married him yesterday if there hadn’t been obstacles—such as my poisoning—in her way. “He can sure kiss, Stela. It was like—gosh, mini orgasms or something and—”
Groaning, I sat back and pulled the blankets up. “TMI, Moo.” I decided to change the subject before she went into even more detail. “Why didn’t you call me when you found out that you were pregnant?” She should have because my excitement would have negated anything Martin or Chance had to say. “Why didn’t you tell me about the abortion? I would have come to Japan and stopped you.”
Her smile vanished.
“I didn’t call because I knew that you’d be so happy for me and would promise to help me.”
I nodded in agreement. “And what would have been wrong with that?”
“Afterwards, I was so disappointed in myself I knew that you would be too.” She lifted her watery eyes to mine and gave me the most pathetic look. I leaned in and tugged her into my arms. Her shoulders trembled as she cried.
“I love you too much to be disappointed. It’s not the time to focus on the choices you made in the past. You have to move forward now—err, slowly.”
Moo sat back.
“You get what I mean about slowly, right?” I asked. “I mean with Jeremy.”
“Right,” Moo nodded. “I know. Things are moving kind of fast, but it is more than lust with him. It’s… crazy. Anyway, let’s talk about something else for a while.”
Moo grabbed the box Jeremy brought and placed it on my lap. “Caleb sent those as a get well present.”
My heart gave an unnatural lurch and I thought for a moment that I was having a heart attack. Moo made kissing noises until I slapped her leg playfully. Removing the brown taffeta ribbons from around the box, I lifted the lid. Sitting on a piece of parchment paper were six caca on grass crackers. I began to laugh.
“These are so gross!”
Moo grinned. “He said that he hoped they would make you feel better.”
“Oh wow,” I sighed. “They do make me feel better.”
Moo gazed at me and I frowned at her, knowing that look. “You should get to know him,” she said.
“Yeah, I decided that I do want to be friends.”
Her eyes sparkled. “Do you want his phone number?”
“God no!” I exclaimed as my stomach flip-flopped. “No, I’m not going to call him. He has a girlfriend, remember?”
Moo rolled her eyes. “Will you chill out? I’m not asking that you call and set up a sex date or anything. You can call and thank him for the crackers as a friend,” she said the last three words as if I were incapable of understanding. I crossed my arms. She threw up her hands. “Fine, don’t call. You can thank him when you see him again.”
“And when will that be?” I laughed. “I mean, we don’t really travel in the same circles—he’s a photographer and photo director, and he’s surrounded by ‘perfectly plastic people’ all day long.”
“He’s directing my shoot tomorrow,” Moo said with a mischievous smile.
I felt sick with sudden nerves. No wonder she’d been so happy when I agreed to go. She knew Caleb would be there and that we’d run into each other and that awkwardness would ensue. Even though I knew very little of him, I didn’t think he would play games with me. Moo on the other hand had been eager to get me with a guy for years; she was all about playing games.
I coughed pathetically into my hand and cringed, holding my stomach. “I’m really not feeling well, maybe I shouldn’t go.”
“Yes, you’re going,” Moo said.
“No, I’m not.” I repeated firmly. I stared at his thoughtful gift a moment longer and then closed the lid. “I can’t go.”
“Oh, Stela!” Moo cried with exasperation. “Don’t be such a scaredy cat!”
“Moo, I can’t go.” 
“You promised.” She pouted her lower lip and gave me sad eyes.
“I didn’t promise,” I said, keeping my eyes down. I wasn’t going to let her manipulation tactics work on me. “I said I would go, and now I’m not. It’s a free country—I can change my mind.”
“Come on Stela, what’s the big deal?” Moo asked. “You said it yourself—he has a girlfriend! He’s not a threat—you don’t have to worry about him rejecting you. And when has anyone—Darren Silversmith excluded—rejected your friendship? You are an amazing person. Everyone wants to be your friend. Everyone falls in love with you.”
That was laughable. Darren hadn’t rejected my friendship because after that day in the cafeteria I refused to offer it. And anyway, this had nothing to do with me being scared that Caleb was going to reject my friendship. I was more worried about blurting out my feelings and having him pat me on the hand saying something like, “Oh, that’s flattering. Thank you, Big Bones.”
“What if she’s there… what if she’s hanging all over him?”
“She won’t be,” Moo said with certainty. “She works on… Wall Street.” Moo stumbled over the location, and I knew instantly that his girlfriend didn’t work on Wall Street. I glared at Moo but she didn’t notice. “And if she is there… so what? Don’t you want more friends?”
“I don’t need more,” I said. “I especially don’t need one with blood red hair. One redheaded friend in my life is enough. You should really dye your hair back.”
“I will… and I won’t be around forever,” Moo said. A strange sinking feeling rushed over me. Every time I thought about Moo not being in my life felt like I was being stabbed in the heart. Sometimes I wondered if she felt just as helpless thinking about life without me. Moo opened the box of crackers and popped one into her mouth. “You need some playmate options!”
“Why are you saying you won’t be around forever?” I cried. “Are you suicidal? Did the abortion make you suicidal?”
“No, of course not,” Moo said firmly. “The abortion made me sad. You are going to make me suicidal if you don’t come to the shoot to thank Caleb personally for his kind and thoughtful gesture.”
“But, Moo….” I whined. “He’s so cute… and—”
“He has a girlfriend, Estela.” She picked up my box of crackers, stood, and walked to the kitchen with it. “You don’t have to fear him rejecting you, okay?”
Pouting, I slouched down and crossed my arms. I dreaded being in his presence, knowing that I couldn’t be anything but a friend. That was the last thing I wanted. Maybe the shoot tomorrow won’t be so bad—maybe I can find the strength not to act like a lovesick, drooling fool.
Moo’s house phone rang and she was quick to run out of the kitchen to grab the receiver before the machine could pick it up.
“Oh hey!” She exclaimed happily. “Yes… they went off great!”
I sat up, straining to hear her talk.
“No!” Moo gasped. “No, you can’t…. Because it would throw off everything….”
She fell silent and began pacing.
“You have to trust me on this… you said you trusted me.” More silence. Moo looked at me, smiled, and then stepped back through the swinging kitchen door. “Then be patient!” I heard her laugh. “No, I’m serious… you really can’t right now.”
I wanted to jump up and put the phone on speaker. Instead, I slipped off the couch and went to stand by the kitchen door. I peered inside and watched Moo eat a second caca and grass cracker. Her expression was serious until she rolled her eyes.
“Okay fine,” Moo sighed. “If you want to destroy everything we’ve worked at then come. No, I’m not being dramatic… I think I know what I’m talking about here. I am an expert in this case.”
I pushed the swinging kitchen door open. Moo spun around with a startled cry and pressed her hand to her chest. “Good god, you scared me Stela! Go lay down, you’re poisoned, remember?”
“Who are you talking to?” I mouthed.
She held up a finger and listened to what the caller was saying. She sighed in relief. “Okay, then we agree… yes, I’ll meet with you on Sunday afternoon to discuss the job.”
Moo rolled her eyes at me and mouthed the words: potential photo shoot. 
I crossed my arms and glared. This wasn’t about a photo shoot and I really didn’t appreciate her thinking I was dumb enough to believe that line. Distracted by Caleb’s gift on the counter, I lifted the lid grabbed a cracker. I sniffed at the green onions sticking out of a glob of pâté. Maybe it would taste better the second time around? I took a tiny little bite and before it was on my tongue my stomach lurched in protest. I spat the chunk into my palm and frowned at Moo.  How she could eat them was beyond me.
“Okay, yes,” Moo said. Her laughter filled the kitchen as she walked around. “Yes… I know what I’m doing, I promise. Yes. See you.”
She hung up the phone. 
“Who was—”
“How about we watch Troop Beverly Hills again?” she interrupted. “I’ll make the popcorn, you go lie down and I’ll bring you saltines and Gatorade. You’re still recovering.”
Too tired to insist on answers, I returned to the living room and collapsed onto my makeshift bed, wondering how on earth was I going to be content just being Caleb Hood’s “friend”?

* * *
Chapter 13

* * *

I thought that the fresh falling snow would ruin Moo’s photo shoot on Saturday, but she received a call at six in the morning from the photographer who said they were still a go. Moo was to report to the set by seven, so we had a quick breakfast and then headed out to Central Park. I wasn’t completely healed (my appetite was still zip), but I felt at least ninety percent better, which meant I couldn’t really feign illness. Moo basically dragged me out of her apartment. Once we made it to the park I played natural and aloof. Every time I caught myself looking for Caleb, I flipped my hair in a “whatever” kind of way and focusing on something else.
This shoot was like the others I’d been to with Moo. There were plenty of people scurrying about in preparation. A trailer for hair and makeup and another for wardrobe were set up about fifty feet from where the set was being staged. There were lots of people hanging around the police-monitored barriers to watch the show. People from Winright Modeling were scurrying around trying to get people to stop taking pictures. 
I wore a placard around my neck giving me access to everything, but I stuck close to Moo for most of the morning. I watched the makeup and hair people transform her into a striking beauty with heavily made-up eyes and a deep red lip. I watched the other models stare in her direction with awe and jealousy. I was so proud of Moo’s ability to trounce on all of them. She really was the best.
We were sitting in the cramped makeup and hair trailer. There were far too many people inside; it was starting to feel suffocating. I spotted Vanessa Winright’s personal assistant, Megan, monitoring things from a corner. She looked bored, unless Moo looked in her direction and then she was just as bad as the other gawkers vying for Moo’s attention. Megan touched her blond ringlets tentatively and then glanced down at her purple, knee-high, Chewbacca boots. I could practically hear her thoughts: Should I have worn these? Are they too much? Does Molia like them? No. Yes. No way ever would Moo wear hairy boots like that. 
“Moo did you see...” I stopped talking when Caleb walked in with another man.
I shrank back into the corner. My heart was hammering as he made his way through the crowd toward us. No, not us—toward Moo. 
“You look amazing,” he said, kissing her cheek lightly. He was the only one that morning who hadn’t air kissed both of her cheeks. Caleb stepped back to bring forward the other man. I missed his name. He did the air kiss thing. I sank further into the corner and not so subtly stared at Caleb. He was in jeans and a cream-colored wool sweater. His cheeks and ears were red from the cold. I sank back even more. I didn’t want him to see me. Not when Moo was looking so good. But he didn’t even glance in my direction or look around to see if I was there. They simply got down to business going over the shoot schedule.
“Here’s your hot chocolate.” 
I jerked at the sound of Yasmin’s voice. She worked for Moo’s modeling agency and was her assistant whenever they were on a shoot, which sometimes meant that she did things for me too (under Moo’s orders), such as the steaming Styrofoam cup of hot chocolate with marshmallows still in her hand. I happily wrapped my fingers around the cup and took a sip.
“Thanks Yasmin,” I said. She nodded and smiled like it was no big deal, but I had a feeling that she wanted to tell me to go to hell and get my own damn cocoa. Yasmin hated being an assistant, but she was about five inches too short to hit it big. Her lack of height was always a bitter subject. In my opinion, she needed to find a new job instead of torturing herself.
“Hey Estela, how are you feeling?”
I jerked, spilling the hot liquid over my fingers. Caleb grabbed the cup from me and set it on a cluttered table. I grabbed the first thing I felt to wipe myself clean, too bad it was an expensive-looking, beige and lace designer top. I hastily shoved it under a mountain of clothes and looked up into his smiling eyes. He had moved so quickly and quietly that I was startled and a bit mystified that he’d seen me at all. I had really tried to squeeze into the corner.
“Hi,” I said, again feeling a little breathless. “Don’t tell.” I shoved the blouse further under the pile.
He made a cross over his heart. “Feeling better?”
I nodded. “I’m doing a lot better… thank you. Oh, and thank you so much for the crackers! I didn’t eat them.” Caleb laughed and I felt my face turn a little red. I probably shouldn’t have told him that. “Thank you… it was sweet.”
“No problem,” Caleb said with a smile. “I hoped they would make you feel better—and Molia said they did.”
I caught Moo watching us in the mirror. She looked away casually and stared down at her rhinestone-covered nails.
I picked my cocoa back up, trying hard not to spill it again. “So… what’s the shoot going to be today?” Surprisingly, he sat down beside me, hip-to-hip, and showed me the schedule. Unfortunately, I couldn’t focus on anything but his soapy smell, soft-looking hair, and the heat coming off his thigh.
“It’s for a new perfume—Oblivion,” he was saying. For some reason, heat rushed over my entire body at the word “oblivion.” “The set is completely white—imagine a white snow-covered forest, pristine and untouched. Molia will be walking through the snow barefoot.”
“Barefoot!” I cried. “She’ll get a cold.” Caleb gave me a soft smile before resting his warm hand in the center of my back. For once I didn’t seize up like a patron of an electric chair. In fact, I might have leaned into him a little.
“The shoot shouldn’t take long, as long as her head’s in the game.” He glanced at Moo. Quietly, he continued: “For months she’s been out of it. I’ve been worried about her. But… she seems so much better now that she’s back in New York—with you.” He smiled at me and I smiled back. “It looks like she’s put on some weight…” Moo had put on about two or three pounds. Her face looked much better, but her ribs and pelvis still poked out unnaturally.
The day before, she and I went baby book shopping. I thought it was too soon as she wasn’t over the abortion yet, but the whole thing had been her idea. We bought six books, all of which had some version of “women who are underweight (as well as severely overweight) may find it difficult to conceive.” Needless to say, Moo’s appetite returned with flourish and gusto.
“I’m glad you’re here.” Caleb’s voice was so soft. I couldn’t look at him. I couldn’t risk hoping to see something in his eyes that probably wasn’t there at all. “You have a way of making Molia come alive. You’re good for her, I can see it.”
I smiled and nodded. “We’ve known each other for years—she knows me better than I know me, and I think I know her pretty well too. She’s definitely on the mend—the last few months have been hard.”
“Like I said, I’m glad she’s home with you,” Caleb said, ignoring a young man with blond curly hair who was trying to get his attention. “So,” he said, a teasing smile tugging at one corner of his mouth. “Figure out where we know each other yet?”
“Yes,” I said, confidently. “You and I met at one of her photo shoots.…” He gave me a skeptical look and cocked one eyebrow up, Elvis style. “What? I remembered!”
“She told you.” Caleb crossed his arms and shook his head with disappointment. He stood up and I grabbed his hand with my sticky one. His fingers hooked around mine, but only briefly. “I can’t believe she told you.”
“She can’t keep secrets from me—for too long,” I amended at the end. “But that’s not how we know each other, is it?”
“No, it’s not.” He smiled and gave the blond guy a dismissive wave when he called his name again.
“Caleb, seriously,” the man was at his side. He was young, like Yasmin, and very handsome.
“What is it Oscar?”
They spoke for a few moments and then Caleb excused himself to go deal with some “major catastrophe” as Oscar had put it.
“I don’t like playing games, you know,” I called after him. He turned and gave me a charming smile.
“Don’t think of it as a game… it’s a mystery!”
“Same thing,” I said flatly.
“Not really.” He laughed and turned to Moo. “Ten minutes okay? I don’t want to lose the light.” As Caleb left the trailer, Moo’s makeup people finished up and she came to sit beside me.
“You did good, Stela… that wasn’t so hard, was it?”
“No, it wasn’t,” I said. “But I was drooling, wasn’t I?”
“No.”
“Just a little bit?”
“Ummm, maybe,” Moo laughed at my horrified gasp. “He’s droolable,” she shrugged. “And you are a woman—you’ve neglected your vagina for too long.”
“Moo!” I hissed, choking on a sip of cocoa. “We’re in public.”
She laughed and pushed herself up, following Yasmin to the trailer door.
I considered my interaction with Caleb. He’d made it particularly easy, actually. Maybe if I had seen him approaching I would have run screaming—it happened once, I was sure it would again.

Ten minutes later we were on set. I stood off to the side watching Caleb both direct and shoot Moo, who stood barefoot in the snow with more snow blowing all over her. I was in utter awe. I couldn’t conceive of how she did it. I was wearing about four layers and my winter coat and still shivered. Megan was in her Chewbacca boots, standing a good fifteen feet from me, and I could still hear her teeth chattering. Moo wore next to nothing in the red mini-skirt dress that showed off her long legs. The dress had an impossibly deep v-neck and a sheer layer of fabric that gave her only a hint of modesty. Giant fans blew the snow and Moo’s hair. Her dress train danced in the wind like fire at her back. Not once did Moo shiver or complain.
They shot in five minute segments and took twenty minute breaks where Yasmin would bundle Moo in blankets and drive her thirty feet to her trailer in a golf cart. Moo was then whisked in front of box heaters. It was during the second break and makeup change that I wandered out to the set and found Caleb and another photographer going over the film.
Curious to see how Caleb saw Moo, I stepped behind him quietly and peered over his shoulder.
“She looks really great today,” Caleb was saying.
“I know… I haven’t seen photos this good for a few months. She’s a pro.”
“Yeah, she really is.”
I stared at Moo’s pictures like a proud mommy. Sometimes, I could hardly believe that she was my friend. She had the grace and poise of a princess. She had always been naturally beautiful, but with a little makeup, good lighting, and fan machines, she had this otherworldly beauty.
“Did you get something to eat?”
I blinked and looked down at Caleb. He had twisted around in his chair to look at me. I shook my head. I was too cold to eat, and besides, I didn’t trust my stomach. “You should get something to eat; we might be out here for a while.”
“But you just said these were great pictures.”
“They are—but if Molia’s willing, I really want to get some different angles, maybe a few wardrobe changes.” He smiled. “Go get some food and come back, you can be my assistant director.” I nodded and went to the stylist’s trailer where the buffet was set up. Moo was in the bathroom and there were a few others ambling about. No one paid any attention to me as I stepped up to the food. I grabbed two plates, one for me and one for Caleb (Tia always made a plate for Tio; I suppose the practice kinda stuck with me). The spread was mostly finger foods. I piled fruit and some veggies on each plate. I then added sausage links and a few cheese squares. Moving down a little farther, I burst into laughter at the familiar caca and grass crackers.
I picked one up. I knew without a doubt that he had requested them. Maybe it was because he knew I was going to be there—or maybe he just liked them. A huge part of me hoped that he did it just for me. I put a couple crackers on his plate. At the end of the table were a couple boxes of Krispy Kremes. Excited for reasons I’d never admit to, I flipped open the lid only to find the top box empty. There was one last donut cake with butterscotch-caramel frosting in the second box. I added the donut to my plate and licked the icing from my fingers. My appetite was definitely returning.
“Be outside, Moo!” I called.
I left the trailer and headed back to the set. I was halfway there when I saw Caleb’s redheaded girlfriend with her arms around his neck. I stopped short causing the donut to slide off my plate. It tumbled through the air and landed face down muddy snow. I stared at it in confusion. What just happened? Why was my beautiful, caramel-y donut gone?
The cold air stung my eyes so I closed them for a moment. Biting the inside of my cheek again, I lifted my eyes back to Caleb’s little tent. He was staring at me. The redhead was walking away looking cute in her fashion snow boots and winter coat. Unable to escape now that he’d spotted me, I moved forward and forced myself to smile.
“I brought you a….” I saw the McDonald’s bag and drink in front of him and stumbled over the last word. “…plate.”
Shit… I’m gonna cry. Don’t fucking cry, Estela, don’t do it! Be a woman! Be a grown up about this! You are NOT a child!
“Thanks, Estela.” He stood up and took the plate from me. “Here, I got you your own director’s chair.” I glanced at the metal folding chair beside his. “You okay?” His voice was so soft my tears were inevitable.
“I dropped my donut,” I said. I pointed to the location where I could still see the round edges of the fried cake poking out of the snow. “I love donuts.” I whispered as tears stung my eyes. I hoped that he believed I was crying over a donut and nothing else. Crying over a donut was bad enough.
“I can get you another one, Estela. I can get you a lot.” His hand came against my back. I closed my eyes briefly. “Do you want me to? I can have another dozen delivered….”
“God no,” I laughed. “It’s just a stupid donut. I don’t need it anyway.” He eased me into the folding chair. I sat down with a heavy plop and stared at the McDonald’s bag.
That was nice of her to bring him lunch... Oh god, you’re going to cry again! Think of something else, Estela Ramos, because this is absolutely ridiculous!
“I’ll be right back,” Caleb stood and grabbed the McDonald’s bag and drink. I watched him walk off with it. He disappeared inside Moo’s trailer. I wiped my face and took several deep breaths, forcing myself to calm down. 
“You really wanted that donut, huh?” The guy working with Caleb asked, his eyes on the monitor.
I wasn’t sure if he was cracking some fat joke or not. “Umm, yes,” I said, as if he were the dumbest person alive. “Donuts are my nectar.”
“Yeah, I ate like five earlier,” he sighed. “I’m gonna get diabetes.”
Me too, buddy. I ate some fruit and a few crackers and waited for Caleb to come back. When he did it was without his McDonald’s bag. He sighed as he sat down. I watched as he took a caca cracker from the plate and popped the whole thing into his mouth. I watched in horror as he chewed it while reviewing some of Moo’s pictures.
“You really like those?” I asked once he had swallowed.
“They’re… okay,” he said. “It wouldn’t be on my final meal list.” He sat back and looked at me. “I looked for more donuts, but I guess they’re all gone.”
“It’s okay, I don’t need a donut,” I said.
“But you like them.”
“No, I love them. My aunt calls my stomach Donut Hole...” Jeeeeesus, why did I tell him that? He doesn’t need to know that. I waved my hand through the air as if it would wipe that story out of his head. “But anyway… it’s no big deal.” My teeth chattered making my head hum. “I don’t get how Moo can wear almost nothing in this weather.”
“She’s a professional,” Caleb answered. “One of the best I’ve ever worked with.”
“Tell me about the first time we met. Moo said it was on a set.”
“It was.” Caleb sat back and popped a chunk of pineapple into his mouth. “We were actually shooting on the beach at the Keys.”
“Oh, I remember!” I cried. That was the summer of our senior year of college. Well, my senior year, Moo didn’t finish school. “I went down to surprise her.”
“Yup,” Caleb nodded. “You crashed my set with flourish and the instant that Molia saw you I got the shot I needed. She kinda threw her arms into the air and smiled really big. In the next second she was sobbing in your arms as you two jumped around. The rest of our shoot was ruined because Molia wouldn’t stop crying.”
“We hadn’t seen each other in six months,” I explained, “her shooting schedule and popularity hit the freakin’ roof that summer. I was annoyed that she couldn’t come home, so I decided to go see her.” I rested my cheek in my palm and stared out at the Oblivion set. “Man we had so much fun that weekend. That was the first time I got drunk.” I smiled at the memory of my first taste of Grey Goose and how I spat it out, and then frowned. I probably sounded like a lush to him, reminiscing about a time when I went way overboard with booze. Well, if we were going to be friends he needed to know that I was weak to a bottle of Gray Goose. He studied me with a look that made me incredibly warm all over.
I tried to recall other details of that afternoon, but I only remembered Moo. “I don’t remember talking to you.”
“I’m not surprised.”
“You’re not?”
“Not really.”
I cringed. “Was I drunk?”
“No… you were very distracted. We had a ten minute conversation.”
That was a decent amount of time. Suddenly, I felt like an ass. I must have been ignoring him. Probably because he was so cute and back then I was even shier around men. I was intimidated by handsome men to a detrimental level. It sucked being so damn shy and awkward.
“What did we talk about?”
“We talked about you being accepted into the master’s marketing program,” he said. “You were excited and a little nervous about it.” I was nervous, but I still couldn’t remember our conversation. I looked and saw his eyes flicker up to mine. Was he staring at my mouth? I used the back of my hand to wipe my lips in case I had crumbs stuck to them.
“I really don’t remember.”
“I’m not surprised, Estela, you barely looked at me the entire time.”
I looked at him then. Surely I hadn’t been that rude! Had I? Well, yes, I probably would have been back then. “No Class Estela” that was my name. I bit my lower lip and started to develop some kind of apology for an ignored conversation three years ago, but the set was coming alive again as Moo returned from the trailer in a white gown covered with crystals and a black wig of flowing locks. Caleb sighed and pushed himself up, stuffing one more cracker into his mouth. His fingers brushed my arm before he got back to work. I watched the computer screen as Moo came onto the set. She spotted me and smiled.
“Okay, Molia, let’s get some great shots here. If they’re good we won’t need to bother with a wardrobe change and then we’re done for the day.”
I frowned. Done already? I didn’t want to leave quite yet—I hoped Moo gave them bad poses to work with so we’d be there a little longer.
They started up the snow machines to blow fresh snow into the air and the place transformed back into a winter wonderland. After a while I had to give up my seat so that Caleb’s real assistant, Oscar, could sit down and help him. He was slurping from the McDonalds cup I noticed. 
Staying out of the shot, but just off set, I watched Moo in action. And of course I watched Caleb, too. 
It bothered me that he said I hadn’t looked at him at all when we first met. I wondered how many other guys I ignored because of some phantom memory of the thirteen-year-old me getting shot down. I crossed my arms with a frown. How many possibilities had been crushed because I was remembering the pain of a melodramatic teenager? I really was pathetic.
Pulling my coat together again, I re-zipped it and shivered as the cold reached my nape and slithered down my spine. It was as if a snow giant was breathing down my neck.
“Hello, Estela.”
My stomach pitched so violently the bile shot up the back of my throat, burning the back of my nose. I staggered away from Dr. Pervo who stood behind me. In the span of three days he had become someone unrecognizable. His dark brown hair was matted and oily, he hadn’t shaved (or washed), and he was wearing a large brown coat that smelled as if he’d traded with a homeless man. I didn’t know how he’d made it past the barriers. The more I backed up, unintentionally moving farther from the set, the quicker he came at me.
“Estela, why did you tell the police that I had poisoned you?” His voice was very low. Not so much angry, but not friendly or jovial either.
“That’s not what I told the police, Dr. Martinez,” I said, that’s what Moo told them. I glanced around, hoping to catch someone’s eye, but everyone was busy. “What are you doing here? How did you know I was here?”
“They questioned me, Estela… do you know how that makes me feel?” Tears filled his eyes. His breath came out in quick puffs that froze on the air. Snot had crystallized on his strange moustache. He reminded me of a steam-powered train, growing redder and puffier each minute.
“I don’t want to get a restraining order on you, Dr. Martinez, I really don’t, but if I have to... I will.”
“I don’t think that’s necessary. I haven’t hurt you, have I?”
“I don’t know, have you?” I crossed my arms. “I’ve been sick for the past three days—were you sick? You ate the same food I did.”
He looked contrite for only a moment. He then grabbed his chest dramatically. “I have been sick in my heart that you would think I poisoned you. I love you, Estela!”
I shook my head in disbelief. “You barely know me.”
“I know you,” he said. “I know that you like these.” From behind his back he produced a crushed Krispy Kreme box. When he lifted the lid and revealed my favorite cake donuts, I felt a wave of dizziness. “I saw you drop one.” He grabbed a donut between his dirty fingers and held it out to me. “Please, take a bite. Take it.”
From the corner of my eye a flash of glittering white drew my attention. Moo. She put her arm around me and smiled, clutching me to her Swarovski crystal-lined bosom. Behind her, I saw two police officers running toward us.
“Estela. I need you in my trailer, it’s an emergency.” She tugged me away from Dr. Pervo. Once I was safely inside the wardrobe trailer, I threw up everything I had eaten that day, ruining a few more expensive pieces.

* * *
Chapter 14

* * *

“¡Voy a matarlo!” Tio said coldly. “I’m going to kill him dead.” I sniffed and held my cell phone a little tighter to my ear. I wanted Tio there so I could cuddle up against him and really feel safe. “Have the police been called? Call the police. He must be arrested now, Estela.”
I stared at the trailer’s fluorescent lights through the blanket that I’d pulled over my head. I didn’t know if Officer Brentwood had been called, but I was sure Moo was on top of it. For the last ten minutes, Dr. Pervo had been ranting to see me, pounding on the trailer door. The noise and desperate wails stopped a moment before Tio called.
“Are you okay, Butterlips? Talk to me.”
“What do I do, Tio?”
“You come home,” he said firmly. “I have my escopeta, I will find my bullets and I will shoot him if I see him.”
“Tio, please stop talking about shooting him.”
I couldn’t go home, not when Tio was threatening to kill people. I spent the next few minutes promising him that I was safe and then I hung up and started crying all over again. Moo, who had been at my side the whole time, got up and someone else sat down. I felt a hand come against my side and I knew by its warmth that it belonged to Caleb. The pressure of his fingertips against me made me shiver with pleasure.
“He’s gone, Estela,” Caleb said softly. I pushed back the blankets. His gentle green eyes stared down at me. “Don’t cry anymore, okay?”
“I threw up all over the place,” I whimpered. I was pretty sure some of it got on some crazy expensive designer dress. I had overheard one of the stylists crying about it before she was removed to the next trailer.
“It’s been cleaned up, Stela,” Moo said softly as she came around so I could see her. She was still wearing the white dress but it no longer looked as stunning and her makeup was ruined. Her tears had caused the mascara to run down her cheeks—very Crow like. Her wig was gone, thrown onto her makeup counter, which left her in a bald cap. She looked like an alien. Moo’s hands flew to her head. I laughed until my sides hurt and then started crying when Officer Brentwood entered the trailer. Caleb helped me sit up and then moved so the man could sit down beside me.
“Did he hurt you?”
“No,” I answered. “But I think he followed me here, no one but Moo knew I was coming.”
“Moo?” Another officer asked.
“That’s me,” Moo said softly. “Molia Hart.”
“Oh, yes ma’am, I’m a big fan,” The officer smiled at her.
“Can you focus please?” Caleb asked firmly. It took a lot of strength to focus on anyone other than Moo when she was in a room. He folded his arms across his chest and glared at the cops. I wanted him back at my side. “She needs a restraining order—this guy is not right in the head. Have you questioned him?”
“Dr. Martinez claims that he was walking through the park when he spotted the set and saw Miss Ramos,” the other officer read from his notes. I shook my head slightly. The sick asshole was following me around. This was at a whole other level of creepiness. I had a stalker. I wondered what Olive would think of that. “It would be best if you file a restraining order, Miss Ramos, it gives you more protection should anything… happen.”
“Anything like what?” I cried.
“How do we get one?” Moo asked quickly. I knew she wanted to temper my panic, but it was already at a maximum boiling point.  It was becoming difficult to breathe. Officer Brentwood rose from my side and Caleb sat back down.
“It’s okay, Estela,” he whispered softly. “Everything’s going to be fine.”
I wanted to believe him, I really did.
“You’ll have to come down to the station and give a statement and then we’ll get the process rolling.”
“She can’t do that here?” Caleb asked.
“She could, but there is other paperwork to fill out, which I don’t have with me. You’ll need to file with the court and then….”
“This could take weeks to process!” Moo interrupted. Her frustration left a thick, tense air in among us. “What happens to her if he’s lurking about her place of work? Or worse… her apartment!” I gulped, trying to work the knot in my throat back down.
“You’ll have to call the police if he doesn’t leave willingly. I know that these are a lot of steps to take, Miss Ramos, but it’s best for your safety that we do it this way.”
I agreed and ended up going to the police station to file the report. Caleb and Moo went with me. Moo continued to rant about the injustice of me not being able to get immediate results. We were at the court house filing papers until just after five. Then, as I promised my uncle, I went home with Moo.
“Maybe I should cancel with Jeremy,” Moo said as she walked into the bathroom with a glass of wine for me. She was dressed to the nines in a simple black dress with pink high heels. Her hair was swept back in an elegant little twist that brushed her nape. I didn’t really want the wine, but she said that it would calm my nerves. I sat up a little in the tub and took the glass.
“Are you insane, why would you do that?”
“You can’t be alone,” she said simply.
“I can be alone, Moo.” I sighed. “Look, why don’t you just really play matchmaker and invite Caleb over to babysit me.”
Her mouth dropped open and then snapped shut. Turning her back on me, she stood before the mirror and retouched her makeup. “What are you talking about, I’m not playing matchmaker.”
“Give it up,” I sipped the wine, which must have been an expensive bottle because it went down smooth. “I know you’re up to something.”
“What are you talking about?” Moo sighed. “I’m not up to...”
“Moo, give it up… okay?” I interrupted, feeling exasperated. “He’s got a girlfriend. She was there at the shoot today, she brought him McDonalds and it damn near tore my heart out. I don’t want to play games. I could probably be his friend, but… I don’t know. He’s just too cute.” I downed the wine in two swallows and set the crystal glass on the tub ledge. “It’s been a long day, I just want to rest. I’ll be fine by myself. Can’t you give the building staff Dr. Pervo’s picture and tell Sal not to allow him in?”
“That would be good,” she said, “but did you see how he looked today?”
I sank lower under the bubbles. “Like a demented stranger.” The doorbell rang. Moo looked at me, wide eyed and blushing. I rolled my eyes. “I guess that’s Caleb, huh? Did you two plan this all out? For me to be naked in the tub….”
“Estela,” Moo stood. “I’m not planning anything and I didn’t call Caleb to come over here. He does live in the building, maybe he’s just stopping by.” 
It took a moment for that news to sink in.
“He lives in the building?” I cried.
“What?” Moo asked as if it was no big deal.
“Oh, right,” I said, sarcastically. “This is all a big coincidence, wink wink.” 
Moo shot me an irritated look and left the bathroom. I took that opportunity to dunk under the water, where I remained until my lungs burned. When I surfaced and wiped my eyes I found Moo standing in the doorway. She seemed flustered and panicked. “I didn’t plan this, Estela.”
“He’s here?” I asked.
“Yes, he brought pizza and donuts.”
A man after my own heart, huh? I glared at her.
“Take your time—I’ll tell him to make himself comfortable in the living room. And I didn’t plan this, I swear it. I laid out your pajamas. Oh, Stela?” I raised my eyes. “Don’t stay in there until the water’s cold, okay? You have to go out there and thank him for the pizza and your favorite donuts.”
I smiled. Moo knew me too well. I would probably sit in the water until it froze over before going out to see Caleb. I wanted to thank him for everything, but I felt a bit fragile like I could cry at any poke. Some guys couldn’t deal with that kind of emotion and I wasn’t sure if I wanted him to run away.
“Fresh jammies on the bed,” Moo said again, slipping in one diamond earring and then the other. “Oh, and please, please, please drink Gatorade. I probably shouldn’t have given you wine.”
“But you wanted me to have a little liquid courage?”
Moo blushed big time. “This wasn’t planned,” she said again, her argument growing weaker with each second. “Love you, Stela.”
“Moo,” I called. She slipped her head back into the bathroom. “You’re going to be a great mother.”
She smiled, tears filling her eyes. “Thanks, Babe.”

***

I sat in the tub until the water was cold and all the bubbles gone. I then took my time dressing and drying my hair enough that it wouldn’t drip water down my back. I used some of Moo’s fancy milk-based, French lotion, and swished mouthwash. The PJs Moo had set out were my size and made from a soft black material with tiny polka dots. They were somewhat flattering, as far as pajamas went. Finally, preparing myself for an awkward and painful evening with a man I couldn’t have, I left the master bedroom. 
The smell of pizza welcomed me. Caleb was sitting on the couch, with his back to me, watching a college football game on Moo’s jumbo HDTV flat screen. His feet were kicked up onto her coffee table. His socks were blue. I walked up behind him and climbed over the back of the couch. It wasn’t very ladylike, especially when I lost balance and nearly toppled off onto the floor, but it saved me from having to walk around all the furniture putting myself on display.
“Hey.” He smiled at me.
“Hi, Caleb.” I reached for a slice of pizza from the box on the coffee table. He’d already eaten three slices. “Thanks so much for this.”
“Sure, no problem. How are you doing?”
“I don’t feel good,” I answered taking a bite. I focused on a pepperoni glued to the crust with cheese and ate quietly. His sudden shift in weight caused the cushion under us to dip and I sagged against him. “Sorry about that,” I said straightening up, putting space between us.
“My fault,” Caleb said, lifting his hand. I found him watching me. I pulled one of the pillows to my chest. “I brought donuts too,” he said, lifting the lid to the small box. There were two donuts inside one glazed and one dense cake-like donut with butterscotch-caramel frosting. “I hope I got one you liked.”
“Yes, you did.” I took my favorite from the box and bit into it. A normal person wouldn’t care for the mix of pepperoni and butterscotch, but I found it exhilarating. Sinking back against the pillows I closed my eyes. Then I remembered that I probably shouldn’t enjoy it as much as I did. “Thank you so much.”
“You’re welcome,” he said. He reduced the volume on the TV several notches. “So… tell me about this Donut Hole nickname.”
I looked down at my stomach and then at him. “It’s embarrassing.”
“I’m sure it’s cute,” Caleb said.
“I used to steal packages of donut holes from the bakery my mother managed.” He grinned at me and I could see that he was struggling not to laugh. “I used to sit in the back store room and stuff them in my mouth, one after another, all morning, until I was sick on them. It really didn’t start to show until third grade. I mean, I ate so many I don’t think I could digest them, they just sat there in my gut. My aunt caught me. She named it Donut Hole.”
“It?”
“My stomach.”
“Oh, it’s just your stomach that has the name?”
“Yeah, what... you thought that my nickname was Donut Hole?” I laughed. “No… I would never admit to that.”
Caleb laughed. “Yeah, I wouldn’t either—that’s a cute story.”
“Kinda embarrassing,” I said. “I have no self control.”
“Which donut was your favorite?”
“The cake kinds,” I answered with a content sigh. “I love those.” He didn’t say anything, he only nodded. 
“I don’t understand why this is happening to me... of all people.”
“‘You of all people’,” he said, frowning. “What’s that mean?”
“I can’t attract a bug, let alone a man. How is it that the one crazy-head in all of Manhattan happens to know my mother, who happens to set me up with him?” I looked away from his green eyes and tried to focus on something that wouldn’t make me cry. But the tears came anyway. “I just don’t understand why him…why me?” Caleb reached for me and his fingers barely touched my shoulder before he pulled away.
“There are a lot of crazy people in New York, Estela, you got a little unlucky.”
“A little!” I cried. “No, Caleb, I’m a lotta unlucky… you don’t even know the half of it, you don’t know what kind of creepers have been in my life.”
“Maybe your luck is changing?”
“No, it’s not,” I muttered. “Know why?”
“Why?”
“Because Moo wants a baby and when she has one, she’ll forget all about me. Because my mother hates me, and because you,” I stammered over the word and stopped.
“What?” he pushed.
“You have a stupid redheaded girlfriend!”
Caleb didn’t respond. I didn’t expect him to.
He leaned closer to me. “Look, Estela….” 
I threw the last bit of my crust and donut back into the pizza box. I knew that tone. I knew it very well. It was the “let’s be friends” tone; the “I’m not really physically attracted to you” tone. It was the “you’re like my little sister” tone.
“No don’t… don’t bother,” I said quickly, giving his knee a few “just friend” pats. This was exactly what I’d hoped to avoid, but now I was just glad that it was over with. Maybe now we could actually be friends. I knew I could and would survive it. “I already know what you’re going to say and it’s not ‘Let’s play naked Twister.’”
He didn’t even laugh at that.
“No.” He reached out and touched my hair. “No, that’s not it at all… I don’t....”
“Caleb!” Moo’s voice shot us apart and we really weren’t even close enough for such a reaction. I twisted around, shocked to see her back so early. She stood in the doorway of her apartment with Caterer Jeremy right behind her. Moo’s eyes were on Caleb. “Don’t….” I saw something pass between them. Moo gave her head a little shake.
“I can’t do this anymore,” Caleb said.
“What are you doing home so soon?” I asked Moo, then to Caleb: “Do what anymore?” My brain rattled with many more questions. “What’s going on?”
“Trust me, Caleb!” Moo hissed. She hurried to the side table by the door and picked up her black clutch, which she had forgotten. I sat up a little straighter. I looked back and forth between them, my heart racing. Caleb turned his eyes back on me.
“What’s happening?” I asked. His eyes softened and he tucked a damp strand of my hair behind my ear. I started trembling and I couldn’t get it to stop.
“Look, Estela... I don’t have a girlfriend.”
I nodded vigorously. “Yes you do, I saw her!”
“Vanessa is a friend of mine,” Caleb said. He glanced at Moo, “A friend of ours—she’s an actress. We asked her to pretend to be my girlfriend because Molia said that you would never look at me any other way.”
I felt plowed over by this revelation. Surely I wasn’t that pathetic! Was I? I looked at Moo whose shoulders drooped. She shook her head sadly. “Caleb, why? Things were working… very well, I might add.”
“Wait, what?” I stammered. “You hired someone to be your girlfriend to trick me to—”
“No,” Caleb interrupted. “She wasn’t hired.”	
“Moo said you weren’t playing games!” I started to get to my feet. He grabbed my hand and even though I wanted to pull away I couldn’t.
“Caleb… why did you tell her?” Moo sighed.
“Because I can’t take it anymore, Molia.” His voice was firm. “I don’t like these games.”
“You don’t have a girlfriend?” I asked.
“No, I don’t have a girlfriend.” Caleb repeated. He stepped toward me and every inch of my skin lit up. “I wanted to ask you—and have tried to ask you out—for months, but you don’t give me the time of day.” What, no you haven’t. My eyes flew to Moo. She was smiling, nodding with encouragement. I kept shaking my head. “Molia convinced me that I needed a different approach to you. It took me a while to understand but—”
“You don’t have a girlfriend,” I said.
“No.” He smirked. 
Goosebumps rushed my skin. All of this was one giant game to him—to both of them. My neck felt hot and my jaw was starting to hurt from clenching my teeth. 
“Stela, it was my idea.” Moo pressed her cold hands to my cheeks. I think she sensed my upcoming implosion because she was talking rapidly, pulling all of my attention to her. She wanted me to be angry with her not Caleb. I was too numb to be angry at anyone.
“I know you better than anyone,” she said. “I know that you would have run from him the moment he started to show his interest. It’s what you do... you hide because you’ve been hurt so much.” I pushed her hands away and headed for the guest bedroom. “Where are you going?” Moo called.
“I’m leaving.”
“No you’re not,” Moo said firmly. She apologized to Jeremy and chased after me. “Don’t be mad, Estela.”
“You, leave me alone!” I snapped. I began gathering the few things I had brought with me. I wished I had a suitcase to shove them into to. I grabbed a pillow off the bed, yanked the pillowcase off, and stuffed everything inside.
“Stela,” Moo whimpered. “You understand why I did this right? You see that I’m right, don’t you?” I jerked away from her touch only to feel my stomach quake at the sudden jarring. Moo had been playing me. Caleb had been playing me. Dr. Pervo was stalking me. The past few days had been such an emotional roller coaster. I just wanted to scream. But even as I shoved my toothbrush into the pillowcase I knew that their “fake out Estela” plan had worked perfectly. Moo knew me too damn well. The thought of Caleb liking me back was seriously overwhelming. I’ve wanted to ask you out for months. I couldn’t believe he’d said those words to me.
Never in my life had a guy—who I liked—actually return similar feelings. I had no idea what to do next and I was panicking.
Leave. I have to leave now and never come back to this building again. I’ll just avoid him forever. I can totally do that—I...
“Stela, please say something,” Moo begged.
“I think I’m going to be sick,” I realized. Wobbling into the bathroom, I parked myself in front of the toilet. Nothing happened. I blinked away tears. It was silent behind me. I didn’t hear Moo’s heels on the floor. I was alone, and that was what I had wanted.
“Estela?”
Maybe not alone, I thought after hearing Caleb’s voice. The hairs on the back of my neck rose up. I moaned.
“Please go away,” I said with a feeble hand motion. I’m so not sexy like this.
He sat down behind me. I shivered as his warm hands came up my back and gathered my hair away from my face. He twisted it in his hands and tucked it under the collar of my pajama top. His hands then disappeared. He was still close enough for me to feel—for my body to respond to. And boy did my body respond. Every hair stood on end and my ears perked every time he shifted.
“Was it all a lie? Did we really meet in Florida?”
“No, it wasn’t,” he said, “and yes, that’s when I started to like you.”
“That was years ago,” I cried. “I was even more awkward back then.” I definitely hadn’t mastered the art of tweezers that was certain. “You said that we’ve been in contact for months.”
He stretched out his legs; his socked foot came into my peripheral vision. “We met three years ago, but I have been in your life for the last ten months.”
“I don’t remember,” I said, my voice barely audible.
“I know, but that’s only because you barely look at me.” 
“Do you come to Java Loo or something?” 
He chuckled and then sighed. A tickle moved up my spine; I could feel him staring at me. His foot began to shake, his toes curled. Fear kept me facing the toilet; my stomach in knots. We were silent for a few moments, and then I felt his warm hands on my back. I trembled but didn’t pull away.
“I’m so confused about what’s happening right now.” 
“I thought about you a lot after we met in Florida,” he said. “I wasn’t really sure what to make of it—at first it was ‘why am I thinking about that girl so much’ and then it was ‘maybe I should call her or something and find out.’”
“But you didn’t,” I said, closing my eyes. 
“No, I didn’t,” he said. “We just seemed worlds apart—” Yea, I thought, you’re hot and I’m not. “I mean literally worlds apart—I spent almost an entire year and a half in Europe after that Florida shoot.” Blood rushed into my cheeks at the idea that he only thought of the difference between us as a geographical one. “I thought about you now and then, especially when I worked with Molia, but I was in a bad space relationship-wise, so I didn’t pursue my curiosity. So, ten months ago, I ran into you accidentally and that curiosity reignited. For the next few months I tried to break through to you, but you ignored me.”
“I….”
“Okay, maybe you tolerated me, but not enough to actually have a conversation. So I talked to Molia to see if she thought I had any shot. She said that my approach was all wrong, that you’d be more willing to talk with me—to look at me—if you thought I had a girlfriend, if I was unavailable. She was right.”
“No, she wasn’t!” I looked at him then to make a point—it was a brief moment of eye contact. He chuckled when I quickly looked away.
“That day outside Java Loo, after Vanessa kissed me, you looked at me fully for the first time ever.” I pressed my lips together to keep from denying it, but how did I really know what I did or didn’t do when I couldn’t even remember meeting him in Florida. “You didn’t seem so scared of me, but at the same time, you looked…. I don’t know.”
Heartbroken. I had looked at him because I wanted to remember everything before he walked out of my life forever. 
I turned slowly. When our eyes met, he smiled. The floor of Moo’s guest bathroom wasn’t the most romantic or ideal place to have such a conversation. Caleb’s foot started shaking again until his whole leg was bouncing. His right hand held a handful of his jeans while he pulled at the bath rug fibers with the other.
“So, you made up having a girlfriend,” I said. He nodded, looking a bit sheepish and incredibly cute.
“I didn’t want to lie,” he said. “I mean, that’s not really a great way to start a—anything, I guess. It tore me up each time I saw the hurt and uncertainty in your eyes. Hell... today absolutely killed me, but Molia promised me that it would be worth it if I was patient. I obviously wasn’t patient. I was supposed to wait until you figured it out—or at least after a few more weeks.”
When had he popped into my presence in the last few months? I thought about it until I was too embarrassed by my actions to ruminate anymore.
“Why didn’t you just... turn me around and kiss me or something?” I whispered.
“Would that have worked?”
To be spun around and kissed by someone who was handsome, kind, and into me—yes, that would have worked. I glanced over my shoulder. His jade eyes were watching me patiently. “I would have been really shocked, but yes, it would have.”
He was quiet for a minute. His eyes dropped to my mouth. I felt my face go red. I pressed my hands to my cheeks and moaned. “I’m not good at this,” I sighed. He just smiled.
“Well hell... if I had known that all it would take is a kiss, I would’ve done it a while ago.” He gave me a considering look and then held open his arms. “Hug?”
I went to him without hesitation. I relaxed against his chest and let my chin rest on his shoulder. His palm pressed against my nape as he held me.
“So you weren’t supposed to tell me tonight?”
“No, but then I wasn’t supposed to come over here either,” he said with a smile. “Molia acted like she was upset I was here, but I don’t think she was.”
I laughed, “No, she definitely wasn’t.”
“And while I’m a great many things... I find myself impatient when you’re concerned.” Caleb’s hand ran down my arm until his fingers found mine. “Can we leave the bathroom now?”
Grimacing, I nodded. He got up with ease and then grabbed my other hand and hoisted me up—he didn’t even grunt or moan about it. He had nice, big hands. His nails were clean and trimmed, and his knuckles were a little bulbous, but I liked them too. He let me go when I started toward the sink. I splashed my face with warm water.
“Do you feel better?” He asked when I was finished.
“No, my head hurts now.”
“Do you want to watch a movie?”
“What about Moo?”
“I told her to get back to her date,” Caleb answered. “I said that you’d be fine with me.” My body flushed with heat. We were alone. So many things could happen. Would we keep the lights on or turn them off? I felt my eyes popping out of my face. He leaned against the vanity and crossed his arms, regarding me with a look that made me feel warm, safe even. But as one side of my brain softened to the idea of him liking me, the other side was at war screaming at me to run, to tell him “thanks but no thanks,” to sit on my own with a box of donuts, daydreaming about men who might one day like me.
“You okay?” he asked.
“I can’t believe she left,” I said.
“She told me to tell you that no matter how many babies she has, you’ll never be replaced in her life.”
But she left me alone with you. Was that part of the plan? Are you going to seduce me? I’ve never been seduced. I glanced down at my new pajamas. Are these sexy? Oh my god, my saggy granny panties!
I gasped as Caleb took my by the shoulders. He gave me a little shake. “Enough thinking, Estela.” 
My frazzled thoughts rattled around and I let go of the breath I’d been inadvertently holding. I blushed. “I… I wasn’t.”
“Yes, you were,” he said, smiling. I stared at his little dimple and his scar. “And you still are.” He spun me around and walked me out the door. “Let’s watch a movie.” 
As we passed by my bed, my stomach dropped a little. What if we end up here? Holy shit, I haven’t shaved my legs in two months! We made it to the living room and Caleb released my shoulders and sat down. I sat as well, but kept about three feet of space between us.
“So,” I began, clearing my throat when my voice warbled, “were you just joking about us running into each other from time to time?”
“No,” he laughed. “Stop trying to figure it out. It’s true that I’ve seen you about once a week for the past ten months.”
“Is it just in passing? We don’t talk or anything, do we?”
“Depends on the day,” Caleb winked. “So, what should we watch?” He grabbed a handful of old DVDs, rifled through them, and picked Beverly Hills Cop. While he put the disk in the DVD player, I settled into my spot, swaddling myself in blankets and nesting with pillows until I was covered up to my neck. When he turned and saw me, I saw him struggle not to smile. I cowered down in my bunker and smiled.
“Molia mentioned some chicken noodle soup in the kitchen. Do you want me to heat you a bowl?”
Although I heard his question, I didn’t answer it. Instead, I asked one of my own. “So… what now?”
He didn’t miss a beat. He joined me on the couch, sitting close enough for it to be semi-intimate. He leaned back and put his feet up on the coffee table. He shrugged. “That depends on you, I guess,” he answered.
“Why me?”
“Molia said you wouldn’t be interested any other way.”
I growled, though I didn’t mean to. The sound kind of rumbled out of me. I didn’t like games. Like it or not, deny it or not, Moo and Caleb played me. I felt like a pawn... an emotionally strung out chess piece. It didn’t upset me that Moo knew me so well but that she knew me better than I knew myself.
“Soup?” Caleb asked, pushing himself up.
“Yes, please,” I said, even though I wasn’t hungry. “Thank you.” He went to the kitchen, resting his hand on my shoulder as he went. As the menu screen and the Beverly Hills Cop theme song started up, I sat back and tried to relax. The microwave buttons beeped. He sure knows his way around Moo’s kitchen. This is probably where they connived and plotted and masterminded. I looked away from the kitchen door. What about me had been so alluring three years ago when I wasn’t plucking my eyebrows regularly or doing my makeup? Not to mention that my clothes were so baggy (in effort to hide my double rolled stomach) I looked positively gangsta.
I wasn’t even sure what he liked about me now. All I seemed to do was get molested in front of him and throw up. Neither activity was particularly sexy.
The one thing he’d made clear: he was into me. 
I’d never been in that position before and I really didn’t know what to do. Act natural? I frowned and unwrapped myself, suddenly too hot. Pillows fell off the couch like an avalanche. I glanced down at my chest. Holy shit, I’m not wearing a bra! I scrambled off the couch, whacking my shin on Moo’s coffee table. I was in my room, in a bra, and back on the couch in a matter of seconds. Too bad I was sweating. Grabbing Moo’s latest issue of Vogue, I started fanning myself, but had to stop after a bit because the heavy magazine made my arms burn.
What did people do when their “natural” state of being was a bit crazy?
The kitchen door opened slowly and Caleb emerged carrying a tray with two bowls and a sleeve of saltines. He smiled when he saw me watching.
“I make a good nurse, you should know that about me,” he said matter-of-factly. 
“I can tell already,” I said. He came around the couch and placed the tray on top of the pizza box. He handed me one of the bowls which was warm, but not too hot to hold. I was glad to see that there was very little soup inside. He opened the saltines, ripping the packaging all the way down the seam. He placed the crackers on the sofa between us, grabbed the remote to start the movie, and then settled back. I watched him crumble crackers into his soup and took the first tentative bite, blowing on the spoon first. He had beautiful lips.
Well, this is very natural, just eatin’ some soup, I thought, following his lead. He made crumbling crackers look so easy. Most of mine landed down the front of my pajamas. So… the ball’s in my court, which means that I lead the way. I make the first move.
He looked at me and smiled. I smiled back and focused on the movie and my own bowl. 
First moves would have to wait until my stomach wasn’t so volatile—when I could sit in his presence without wondering “why does he like me of all people?” Caleb started the movie. At that moment, I felt it best to refrain from mimicking Eddie Murphy’s laugh. While Moo could do a perfect imitation of it, I sounded like a donkey. Donkeys cackling weren’t sexy. I needed to practice “sexy.”

* * *
Chapter 15

* * *

I woke to the feel of Moo’s cold hand on my shoulder. I could smell the snow and winter air on her skin. Sitting up slowly, I found the living room dark except for a small, dim lamp in the corner. I was covered with a second blanket; pillows were tucked all around me. Caleb was gone.
“He just left,” Moo whispered, sitting down. Her hair, which had been pulled back, was now down around her shoulders. She had that mussed-up-after-sex look, but I didn’t think that she slept with him. When I met her eyes, she pouted her lower lip making it quiver. “Are you mad at me?”
“No,” I said after a moment of thought.
“You sure?”
“How can I be mad at you for knowing me better than I know myself?” I asked while rubbing my eyes.
“But you can be upset,” she pointed out. “I just want you to be happy and Caleb’s such an amazing person. I’m sorry, Stela, I feel like a horrible person for manipulating everything.”
I shrugged. “You were right… I’m an insecure baby who can’t look guys in the eye.”
“That’s not what I said!” Moo cried. “Did Caleb say that I said that?”
“No.” I propped myself up on my elbows. “I said that because it’s true… it’s all true. I don’t look at guys that are remotely attractive because my mind transports me back to thirteen-year-old me and how now brown cow. It’s pathetic, but it’s also really hard to change. I don’t understand why he likes me. And you could have picked an uglier girl to be his pretend girlfriend.” I flopped back down. “Or at least a fat girl.”
“You’re not fat,” Moo said. She always took on this “I’m going to slap you if you say that again” tone when we talked about my weight. I smiled and patted her hand. She always said that I wasn’t fat, but technically, I was, even if I did “wear it well” (according to stupid Martin Wise). Moo reached down and smoothed my hair off my forehead.
“So… how did the rest of the evening go?”
“Okay,” I said. 
“Did you talk? About anything….”
“I told him how my stomach got the nickname Donut Hole.” I cringed at the memory. “I should have kept that to myself.” Moo just smiled. “After my meltdown in the bathroom, he heated up some soup and we just sat here and watched movies. I guess I fell asleep sometime during the second movie.”
“Did you talk about your feelings?”
“No!” I cried. “Why would I do that? I don’t even know what I feel,” I answered. Moo held up her hands in surrender. “He did say that the ball is in my court and that it’s up to me to make the moves, but you should probably talk to him about that. You know, since you’re so good at matchmaking.”
Moo rolled her eyes. “You want me to tell him that he needs to make moves because you won’t?” She nodded. “I’ll say something.”
We sat in silence for a few moments. “Why am I so blind, Moo?”
“You’ve been hurt a lot, Stela,” Moo answered. “And guys like Caleb….”
“Don’t really go for girls like me,” I said. She didn’t disagree, which wasn’t comforting. “Is something wrong with him?” I whispered. That’s definitely it... there’s something wrong with him. “God, Moo. Please be honest… is there something wrong with his mind? Does he have brain damage?”
She laughed and shook her head no.
“I like him a lot.” I wasn’t sure why I was whispering since he wasn’t there anymore, a fact that I found slightly depressing. The last thing I remember was drifting off to sleep; his hand on my foot. Moo kicked off her heels and climbed over the top of me. I wiggled to the side so she had space between me and the back of the couch. Her long arm wrapped around my belly and she threw her leg over mine. “I really, really like him. It’s scary.”
“I know,” she smiled. “So… did he ask you on a date?”
“No… he says I still need to figure out how we’ve run into each other for months.” I turned my head so our foreheads touched. “I can’t believe how blind I’ve been. I can’t stand myself.” 	
“You’ve learned your lesson, haven’t you?”
I better have, or there’s really no hope for me in life.
“What about you?” I asked. “How was your date?”
“I love him,” Moo whispered.
“Moo!” I couldn’t help but roll my eyes.
“I do, Stela, I do.” She shrugged. “He was so kind and gentle—he even took me back to his place to meet Sandy. She was sleeping… oh god, she was so precious.”
“You went back to his place?” I grabbed Moo’s arm. “Tell me everything.”
“He took me to Ramone’s,” Moo said. It was an Italian place she and I had only been to on a few occasions because the food was just too good not to overindulge. “After we went salsa dancing. The man can move, Stela. You know I always feel like a gangly robot when I dance, but he taught me so much—I really let loose. After I saw Sandy sleeping we went to his bedroom.”
“Where you had hot passionate sex?”
“No,” Moo said, “we made out like crazy, but I made it clear that I was looking to have a baby.”
I cringed with worry. “How did he take that?”
“He just smiled,” Moo said, “and then he kissed the crap out of me. That man can really kiss.” She sighed. “I wanted to sleep with him I really did, but I had self control tonight.”
“Did you tell him you love him?”
“And scare him away before it can get really interesting?” Moo cried, shaking her head. She definitely had more experience than me and was way more rational. I probably would have blurted the words out without thinking. I still didn’t understand how she wouldn’t say “I love you” but she could say “I want to have a baby” without any fear of him running away. Moo lifted her head from my shoulder and played with my hair. “Jeremy and I are going to have brunch tomorrow. I won’t officially meet Sandy until we know where this is going.” There was a tone to her voice that told me she knew exactly where it was going. “Did you know he hasn’t dated anyone in four years, since his girlfriend left Sandy in his care and never came back?”
“Are you serious?” Wow, he must be horny as hell. “No wonder he kind of attacked that first kiss.”
Moo smiled and nodded.
“He told me that Sandy’s mother was a lot younger than him and didn’t want the baby, but promised that she wouldn’t abort her. She wouldn’t let him anywhere near her during the pregnancy and then two days after Sandy was born she was in Jeremy’s arms. He said he was so scared. He called his mom and she moved in with him for a year.” Moo sat up. “There was something so romantic about his story. Well… I guess I’ll turn in.”
I frowned. She was going to bed just like that?
“Wait! No more steamy details?”
“Not really,” she said, giving my side a little poke. “You sure you don’t have any?”
Caleb hadn’t even tried to make a move on me. Shaking my head, I laid back down. Moo patted my shoulder and climbed over me. I remained on the couch, watching her move across the room to the small table. She turned the lamp off and swathed us in darkness. A moment later the light in her room turned on.
“Night, Moo.”
“Good night, Stela.”

***

I decided to go to work the next morning despite the Dr. Pervo risks. I wasn’t feeling all that well, but taking three days off made me feel guilty. I hated when the others at Java Loo left me in a lurch and didn’t want to do the same for Olive. Although, I didn’t care so much if Richard’s panties bunched at my absence. I showered and changed at Moo’s and then promised I’d stay with her again that night. She tried to talk me out of going to work, but I knew I couldn’t hide from Dr. Pervo forever. I wouldn’t alter my life to accommodate his psychosis. 
Plus, I couldn’t stay at Moo’s too long. I was already falling in love with the comfort and cleanliness of her place. It was difficult to go from midtown to Chinatown, especially to my run-down apartment, so I never stayed with Moo longer than a few days.
“Estela!” Olive cried when I walked through Java Loo’s front door. I lifted my hand in greeting and wiped my feet on the carpet before trekking across the store to the counter. Olive hugged me tight, her firm, pregnant belly pressing firm against my soft one. “How do you feel?”
“Wrecked,” I answered. “But I can keep food down now.”
“Oh, poor thing… why did you come in?”
“Richard’s pulling out his hair, isn’t he?”
Olive nodded vigorously. “He’s burnt two batches of muffins and set off the alarm twice already this morning.” That explained the burnt toast smell mingling with roasting coffee grounds. “Glad to have you back.” Olive returned to the register to help the next guest and I headed into the back. I found Richard stabbing a muffin pan with a knife as he tried to pry out charred muffin stumps. He looked at me and then threw up his hands, the knife and muffin pan clattered on the counter.
“Thank god!” he exclaimed. “We need muffins, pronto!” My mouth dropped open as he left me with his mess and went out front. A moment later, Olive came back, giving me a sympathetic look. She picked up the pan and took it to the sink. She filled the cups with water and let them soak.
“How have really things been?” I asked as I removed my scarf.
“Horrible,” she said. “Richard’s been on the rampage, and has been taking applications. While you were out he realized that we’re seriously shorthanded in competent people. Amber, God bless her stupid little soul, completely botched the shipment deliveries. Richard had an aneurysm. He’s hiring two people and promoted Bryan up to assistant manager so he can start opening on Saturdays.”
I gasped and spun around, my coat half off. “He promoted Bryan?”
“To assistant manager, Stela.” I guess she didn’t know that Richard had talked to me about the same position. Olive ran her hand down the side of her belly. I swear she looked bigger than four days ago. “So… did that psycho guy come back?”
“Yes… yesterday.”
“Shut up!” Olive grabbed my arm.
I nodded. “I went to Moo’s shoot in Central Park and he just appeared at my side.”
“Holy shit.” She sank onto a stool. 
“He looked like he’d been living on the streets for days,” I said shoving my things into my locker. “He asked why I had gone to the police about the poisoning, he said that he’d never hurt me because he loves me.” Olive’s hands were clasped over her mouth. “I know… the whole situation was horrifying.”
“Liv…” Richard called as he pushed open the door. “We need you out here.” Olive went back to work, her mouth still hanging open. Putting on an apron, I went to the sink to start hacking out the burned muffins so I could start baking.
Three hours later I was so exhausted that Richard caught me taking a cat nap on the small sofa in his office. I had an egg timer with me, set for fifteen minutes so I could get the cookies out of the oven before they burned, but he didn’t care and immediately launched into a tirade.
“Why bother coming in if you’re just going to sleep back here?” He threw himself into his desk chair and tapped the computer mouse hard. The monitor popped to life. I sat up slowly and rubbed the back of my neck. I’d caught him napping countless times, so I knew his frustration was just for show.
“So… you changed your mind about giving me the assistant manager position?”
“Yeah, I did,” Richard said flatly. “You were out for three days, Estela, I needed the help.”
“I was sick, Richard, it wasn’t like I was just ditching because I wanted to.” I almost added “I’m not Amber” but that felt a bit too catty. Instead, I stood and left his office, tempted to slam the door in his face. I set the egg timer on the counter and walked slowly to the oven. 
I’d worked two years straight (practically) without a single sick day and he hounded me for being poisoned? And then he gave Bryan the assistant manager position, which I’d already been doing for over a year. All Bryan did was show up late, and thirty percent of the time he was still hung-over or high from the previous night. He spent his shifts in a daze or rushing to do things for Olive. He was not management material.
“Where were you yesterday?” Richard asked.
I turned and looked at him. His arms were folded across his chest; his brown lifeless eyes burned into mine. I wasn’t sure why he was in a pissy mood, but I was pretty sure it wasn’t because of me.
“Yesterday I went with Moo to her photo shoot and spent the entire day throwing up.”
“You were at a photo shoot when you should have been at work!” Behind his back he revealed a tabloid that showed Moo with her arm around me, shouting at Dr. Pervo. I don’t remember that part at all. The headline: Deranged man attacks Molia Hart. Not completely accurate, but were they ever? “We opened two hours late! The owner brought his boot straight up my ass on that one, Estela.”
“Excuse me, but I don’t know how that’s my fault, Richard.” I found myself shouting. “We never agreed that I’d work this Saturday, and we never agreed that you had officially made me assistant manager. You said that we’d talk about it more once you got the paperwork.”
“I had papers that afternoon!”
“When I was in the hospital barfing out my intestines?” I cried. He made a face and I was glad that I’d grossed him out. “Don’t jump down my throat for being poisoned by some crazy man. Your lack of communication skills got you into this mess!” My egg timer buzzed and jumped over the counter. I grabbed it and flipped it off before putting pot holders on my hands. I took the muffins out, glad to see that I had cooked them perfectly. Take that Richard!
“Wow… you could cut the tension in here with a stick!” Bryan said as he came back. “Um… customers are hearin’ all the yelling, Estela, might want to simmer it down. Oh good… fresh muffins, they’ll sell fast. Cook, Sister Susie, cook!” He left and made a storewide announcement that we had fresh chocolate chip muffins. Bryan had never made announcements to the customers before—nor did he order me around. The kid was on a power trip.
I couldn’t believe that Richard had given that pimple-faced moron ultimate control over me and I hated him for that. I had been there longer that Bryan, and if anyone should have been promoted it was Olive. I didn’t care how pregnant she was.
“So,” Richard sighed, his voice tired. “You still want the job?”
Frowning, I went back to the sink to hack at another pan. I wanted to say no, but the idea of more money to help me get out of my apartment was more and more appealing. I could feel him watching me, waiting for an answer. I abandoned the pan to put the muffins on a cooling rack. 
“Think about it, okay?” Richard pushed away from the doorway to his office and headed out to the front. No apology, no nothing. For the next hour or so I focused on baking snicker doodles, hiding the extra-large ones that I baked secretly for Moo. 

***

“’Ey, Stela!” Joe from the homeless shelter called out to me as I emerged from a cab outside my apartment building. Staring up at my ramshackle building, I felt a sense of dread and depression. It felt like ages since I’d been there. It almost didn’t feel like home and that was a problem. I was spending too much time at Moo’s. Sucking in a breath, I straightened my stooped shoulders.
“Can you hang out for ten minutes?” I asked the cab driver. “Keep the meter running.” Turning to Joe, I sang, “Hey Joe, what do you know?”
He gave me a crooked smile. “Been stakin’ out your place for ya. Where you been?”
“On my death bed,” I said, wondering how much money I had on me for both the cab and Joe, for his efforts. I felt bad because I hadn’t been there very often; he’d basically been watching an empty building. “That was really kind of you Joe, let me run up and get some stuff and I’ll bring you some money.”
“No, no… don’t want your money, Stela.” Joe said. “But… I wanted to tell you that I’ve seen him around, and stuff….”
My stomach pitched. “W-what? W-who?”
“You told me what he looked like and I’ve seen him come by a few times this week.”
I staggered to the stoop of my building and grabbed the rusty railing. I then sat down on the steps, heart racing. I felt like I was going to pass out. 
“He’s been around a few times a day,” Joe continued. I moaned and put my head between my knees. “Paces back and forth like a crack head.” Joe began pacing erratically. I guess he was trying to mimic the paranoia of a crack head. “He stopped some people comin’ out and asked them questions about you. Been inside the building a couple times too… slips through when someone comes out or gets buzzed in. I couldn’t get across the street fast enough.”
“Oh, god.”
“You lookin’ a bit pale, Stela,” Joe frowned. “You been sick?”
“He’s been inside?” I looked up three floors to my bedroom window. “Has he been around today?”
“Saw him once this mornin’ but he saw me and took off.”
“O-okay.” I shivered as a cold winds picked up. Struggling to my feet, I turned toward the building. I still needed to go inside, grab some things for Moo’s, and then get even more money for the cab. “Joe, would you mind coming upstairs with me?” If Dr. Pervo was lurking in the hallway, I wanted Joe there for protection. He came in willingly. I unlocked my apartment door and cringed to see a large gray rat scurried across the foyer and into my kitchen.
“Whoa, you see ‘im, Stela?” Joe cried. “That was a big rat.”
“Yes, I have a bit of a problem.” I passed through the squalor and packed up a duffel bag, stuffing as many clothes (dirty and clean) and other personal necessities inside. Joe stood in the foyer with his hands in his pockets, gazing around my apartment with a kind of sneer that read she lives here? I live better than this. I noticed that his knit cap had a large hole in it, which I was certain kept a large portion of his bald head miserably cold. I pulled off my hat handed it to him as I approached the door.
“Please take it,” I said as he began to protest. He eyed the deep purple material with hesitation and then pulled it on over his big head. “I’ll make sure to get you something much better soon.”
“Stela, I seen two rats since the first one. Rats have diseases.”
Thanks mom.
“I know,” I sighed. “Come on, let’s go.” Joe stepped outside and I followed him. I locked up my apartment door and turned for the stairs. Joe didn’t move. He was staring down the end of the hall. I felt like I was on a rollercoaster in a dark room. “W-what is it?”
“Thought I saw something,” he answered. “But guess not.” We headed down the stairs and I stopped on the first floor outside my super’s door. I pounded harder than necessary; I let my nervous aggression out on Mr. Zhang’s door.
“Who is it?”
“Mr. Zhang, it’s me! Estela Ramos!”
“Estela Ramos?”
“Yes, Estela Ramos, 3C.”
I heard the multitude of locks switch over before the door opened a crack. I saw a strip of skin and a dark eye peering at me. A moment later the door opened and San Zhang gave me a giant genuine smile.
“Ah, it is you, Estela Ramos,” he smiled and bowed a little to me. I bowed back. He laughed at me for my efforts and pointed at my chest. “3C. You’re a good tenant!”
“I’m glad you think so, Mr. Zhang, because this is the third time I am asking for pest control to come to my unit to get rid of the rats! If they are not gone by the time I come back next week, I will move out.” The smile vanished from his face. I’d never threatened to move out before. “I know you don’t want that considering I’m a good tenant and that I pay my rent on time every month.” He had to fight constantly with the others to get the rent checks. There had been some pretty bad evictions in the time I’d lived there. I never wanted my personal belongings tossed out onto the street like trash.
Joe clapped behind me. “You tell ‘em Stela, gotta be firm with the chinks.”
I spun around in horror. “Joe!” I couldn’t believe he could be so crass and racist; I never expected it from him. Sensing my disapproval, Joe nodded to Mr. Zhang and headed outside. I wasn’t sure if my landlord fully understood the insult, or if he even heard it, but I apologized anyway.
“Please, Mr. Zhang, the rats…. They have to be taken care of or I will move out. I swear it.” 
“Yes, Estela Ramos, 3C, I will take care of it.”
I had heard that three times before, and although Mr. Zhang was a kind, sweet man, I had my doubts that he’d fix the problem. My lease was up in six months anyway—maybe it was time to move out. As I headed outside, I wondered if Moo had somehow orchestrated the whole rat thing just to get me to move in with her permanently.
Outside Joe was waiting by my taxi. 
“Joe,” I began. “You were so hateful to Mr. Zhang!”
“I know,” he said, seeming sheepish. “My tongue got the better of me. I didn’t mean no harm by it. Anyway, do you want me to keep watchin’ your place?”
Reluctantly, I said yes. “And I may need you to talk to the police at some point about it.” I handed him a folded twenty, expecting resistance. He put it in his pocket, his eyes flickering away from mine.
“This guy really bothering you then, huh?”
I nodded and opened the back door to the cab and launched my duffel inside. Joe gave me a little army salute and started down the sidewalk, his hands shoved deep into his pockets, his shoulders hunkered against the cold. I glanced up at my building and saw Mr. Zhang in his window. The older man was watching Joe walk away. Maybe he had understood. Of course he did, Estela, I chastised myself. I’d heard every racist thing someone dared say to me. You could hear a slight no matter what language it was delivered in.
“You’re at thirty dollars, miss,” the cabbie said.
“Can you just drive me to the nearest subway station?” I asked. “I only have forty bucks, so if you want a tip, stay under that.”
He drove me four blocks. While waiting for a train, I called Moo to give her heads up that I was on my way. She answered on the third ring; she sounded so happy. I knew she was still with Jeremy. I didn’t want to pull her down into my tangled web of chaos, so I made my voice as cheery as possible.
“Hey Moo, having fun?”
She didn’t miss a beat. “What’s wrong?” she demanded.
“What makes you think…”
“I know you, Stela, what’s wrong?”
“You’re still with Jeremy?”
“Yes, we’re at his apartment… Stela?”
“You said that Caleb lives in the building, was that true?”
“Yes. I believe he’s in unit 14-13.”
“Will he be home?”
“Yes, he’s working from his home studio today.” 
Home studio, I thought. What kind of work did he do in that studio? Would he even want me to show up unannounced? We hadn’t spoken since sometime last night. Moo’s voice cut through the muddle in my head. “What’s happened?”
“Um… I just picked up some things from my place and Joe told me that Pervo’s been lurking around my building. He’s even been in a few times. I… I can’t stay there Moo.”
“No of course, you can stay with me as long as you need to—you can move in if you want Stela.”
I smiled. She’d wanted me to live with her for years, but since she made it big as a supermodel and had millions, I felt slightly weird about her request. Like I’d become an unintentional moocher. I missed the days when we were equally poor and both lived in apartment like mine.
“Want me to meet you at his apartment?”
“No, you and Jeremy have fun,” I said stepping up to the platform as a train approached. “I’ll just visit with Caleb for a few minutes. Just text me when you’re on your way home. Or I’ll just let myself in if it gets too late.”
“Okay,” Moo said hesitantly. “Call me if you need anything.”
“I will.” I hung up and sat down on a seat that was my own until a man who smelled a bit like corn chips sat beside me. There were at least six completely empty seats in the vicinity. Even though Moo once told me never to make eye contact on the subway, I glanced at him.
“Got a guy buggin’ you?” He must have just bit into an onion because his breath knocked me over. I pulled my scarf up over my lips and nose and nodded. 
“Got a gun?” He asked. When I didn’t answer, he asked: “Want one?”
Ah jeeeeeeez, I’m surrounded by psychos! I shook my head no and focused my attention on my nail polish, which I had chipped almost completely away.
“You sure you don’t want a gun?”
“Yeah,” I looked at him square in the eye. “Yeah, I’m sure. Could you move over there?” I pointed to a random place. Corn Chips and Onions held up his hands in surrender and slipped away. I sunk down in my seat and clutched my duffel bag to my chest. Every once in a while, I yelped in fear just to make myself look crazy enough that no one else tried to sit beside me.
No one did.

* * *
Chapter 16

* * *

1413… 1413… 1413… 
I paced outside Caleb’s apartment door for about twenty minutes, nodding to his neighbors who came and went while staring at me awkwardly. Yes, I’m a chicken shit. Thanks for noticing. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to press Caleb’s doorbell; I just needed a bit of prodding. I couldn’t decide if this was making a move. Coming to his apartment uninvited felt a bit brazen. I nibbled on my lip. Maybe my mother was right—I was a hussy. Would he take me being there as a sexual advance? I looked down at my clothes—pretty basic, not really sexy. Shit. I scratched at a few stains that had made it past my Java Loo apron. I should have changed, but of course I hadn’t planned on coming to his apartment.
“You’re still standing here, sweetie.” I turned to see that Caleb’s neighbor, a tall, thin, magnificently toned man had returned from his jog. He must have left thirty minutes ago. I scratched at my neck and forced a smile. He shook his head and moved toward me. I might have squeaked when he pressed the bell. The neighbor leaned against the wall and crossed his arms. “He is so cute, right?” I nodded, breathing in his scent of sweat and aftershave. He pressed the bell again, holding down the buzzer too long.
“Okay, thank you,” I said, waving at him to stop pressing the bell.
“He doesn’t bite. At least I don’t think… silly man refuses to bite me.” He winked. “I bet he’s in his studio—give it a minute. Be brave!” 
I watched, my mouth hanging open, as he headed back down the hall to his doorway and punched in what looked like a five digit code. 
A moment later the intercom by the doorbell perked. Caleb’s voice came through the small speaker: “Who is it?”
I struggled for a moment trying to decide if I needed to push a button to speak. In the end, I decided to look dumb and talk at the door.
“It’s… me, Estela.”
“Hey! Be right….” His voice broke off and it sounded like he grunted in distress. Then nothing. Nibbling on my lower lip, I waited, wringing my fingers together to keep them from trembling. My heart stopped when I heard the locks turn. A second later the door opened and I was yanked inside. Righting myself, I turned and smacked Caleb’s firm chest.
“Hi!” he said brightly.
Every single hair on my body jumped up in warning. He sounded funny. The very feel of him, even standing a few feet away, was different. Something was off. He tugged me into his arms in a tight hug. He felt funny too. I stared into his beautiful green eyes and took in the rest of his face. His muscles were taut and his body hard. Why was he so stiff? Maybe he doesn’t want me here. I stepped back to the door, my hand blindly reaching for the knob. 
“Moo said you were working in your studio today, I hope I’m not disturbing anything.”
“No, not at all.” His strong fingers wrapped around mine and he drew closer. When his eyes scanned my body I felt my stomach drop. He took the duffel bag out of my vice like grip and set it down. “You look… nice.”
There was something artificial about the way he spoke. He was wearing jeans, a Navy t-shirt, and a knit cap pulled down so low it covered his ears. My ears perked at the sound of pounding coming from the back. I was about to inquire when I noticed my surroundings. A lot of the units in the building were set up the same as Moo’s; Caleb’s apartment was only slightly different. There were bachelor pad qualities to the place (the giant TV and entertainment system and a pool table), but it was also the home of a grown man. It was designed with sleek furniture, except for the main couch, which looked comfortable and well worn. Inviting. By the entire look and feel of the place, I could tell that he, like Moo, was loaded. His stereo looked like a mini DJ turn table, and in the corner opposite the pool table there was an old fashioned jukebox.
“Like the place?” Caleb asked.
He was standing beside me, but I felt strangely detached from him. It wasn’t like when we were in the bathroom and I felt it every time he moved and breathed. I was standing beside a statue. He smiled gently before looking away. Even that was suspicious. He normally held my gaze until I looked away.
A sudden, sickening thought crept into my mind. “Am I interrupting something?” Is that why you’re so distant?
“Nope.” He smiled. “Want something to eat?”
That was when I noticed suitcases sitting on the floor near the hallway. The more we stood there, awkwardly distant, the more dread filled me up. “Do you have company?”
“Yeah, my brother’s around here somewhere,” he answered. 
A brother… why doesn’t that make me feel more at ease?
The pounding in the back intensified. I turned to Caleb and found him looking me up and down; his brow wrinkled as if just didn’t know what to make of me. He caught me staring and his expression became blank. His smile was then too big and bright, too forced. “Drink?” He walked to a small bar against the wall and pulled the stopper out of a crystal decanter. He poured the amber liquid into a glass and downed it in one gulp; he filled another. It went down just as fast.
Oh, he has a drinking problem. That’s why Moo hasn’t banged him.
“What’s going on?” I asked.
“Nothing, just tired,” he answered as he headed for the kitchen.
The pounding sounded again, this time with a flourish. Caleb ignored it, but I didn’t. I waited until his back was to me and then went to investigate. I hurried down the hall, glancing over my shoulder to see if he was following. He wasn’t. Each room was more beautiful than the next. At the end of the hall were two double doors, which I assumed were the studio. I was only a foot away when someone banged on the other side of the doors.
“Adam!” A voice shouted. A voice that sounded a lot like Caleb’s.
Adam?
There was something tied around the knobs—a shoe lace. It took a few seconds for me to unravel the knot. When it was free, the door burst open and I barely had time to jump back. Another Caleb stumbled out of the room and stopped short. My heart lurched in my chest. Green eyes narrowed with concern; strong hands reached for me. His lips formed my name, but I didn’t hear his voice. I backed up until I hit the wall, hard. His hands cupped my cheeks and my body burst with goose bumps. This was my Caleb. His mouth was forming more words. I looked down the hall to the other Caleb who stood with his shoulder against the wall. He was grinning like an idiot.
Twins! 
Caleb’s brother—Adam, I assumed—pulled the gray knit cap off his head revealing sheared dark hair. As I looked back and forth between them the differences seemed obvious. Same height and overall build, but Adam was solid muscle and Caleb was a pleasant mix of both. Caleb’s hair was long and he had the scar that cut across his chin. I had missed the scar.
“Tried to do the brother switch, but I think you knew from the beginning that something was off.” The twin said.
I turned back to Caleb who pulled me close. His warm hand cupped the back of my neck. I leaned against him and closed my eyes. I should have known that his brother wasn’t him by touch alone. The feel of his strong arms around me, the warmth of his body, the pound of his heart against my chest, and the gentle caress of his fingers in my hair was my undoing and I started to cry. When he realized it, he squeezed me tight and ran his hand up and down my back. Caleb’s lips brushed my cheek and then drew back. 
“What did you say to her?” he snapped at his brother.
“I was nice!” the twin exclaimed.
“It’s not him,” I whimpered.
“Then what,” Caleb’s hand slipped around mine. “Estela, what’s wrong?”
“He was at my apartment building,” I whispered. I tried to keep it together, but it was difficult. Holding back tears made my chest and throat tight. “I asked a friend to keep an eye out for me—well he’s been staking out the place and he told me that Dr. Pervo had been by the building several times a day. He’s even been inside!”
“Okay, this is ridiculous!” The anger in his voice was comforting. “Could we have a minute please? This isn’t a TV show or something Adam.”
His brother grinned before disappearing down the hallway. Caleb took my hand and led me to another room. His bedroom. Unlike the rest of his clean, immaculate apartment, his bedroom was in disarray. There were clothes everywhere and his king-sized bed was unmade. Dark blue sheets and a dark gray comforter were wrinkled with recent sleep. I wanted to crawl into his bed and make myself at home there. Blood rushed to my face. 
“I know you’re upset about Dr. Pervo,” he said. I smiled and then laughed. 
“What’s so funny?” he asked, grinning.
“You called him Dr. Pervo,” I said.
“I don’t know his name,” Caleb said, “yours for him seems dead on anyway. Did Adam say anything to upset you?”
“No.”
His eyes narrowed. “You sure, Estela?”
“Yes.”
“’Cause he’s kind of a jerk sometimes, and loves getting under my skin and he knows….” His voice trailed off. My heart began to race. What did Adam know? Caleb brushed his knuckle over my cheek, wiping away tears.
“You’re the good twin.” I touched the thin scar on his chin. I needed to remember that it was there so Adam would never trick me again.
“I’m the best twin.” He drew me close, his arms sliding slowly around my body. For an instant I swore he was going to kiss me, but he didn’t. He just stared down at me and smiled.
“Why is he a jerk?” I asked thinking about the way Adam had looked me up and down with obvious disapproval. I suppose he expected me to look like one of the models Caleb was surrounded by daily. A skinny-mini I was not.
“He’s just a jerk to me, mostly.” Caleb ran his fingers through my hair and sighed. “You sure he didn’t upset you?”
“He would try to hurt me just to get to you?” I asked.
“No. Adam and I are pretty close and I tell him everything. So when you said it was you outside the door he locked me in the studio and I guess I thought the worst.”
“Well… I don’t think he approves,” I said.
Caleb frowned. “Why do you say that?”
“Hunch.”
“So he did say something.”
I let my hand rest over Caleb’s heart and felt its steady beat for a moment before stepping away. “Sometimes you don’t have to say anything to get your true feelings across.”
Caleb’s eyes softened as he stared at my mouth. “I suppose not.” He caressed my cheek lightly and then pulled me back to him, tucking my head under his jaw.
“I’ve never felt like this before,” I whispered.
“Like what?”
“Safe in a man’s arms,” I answered. I could feel the quickened pulse of his heart against my chest, it was steady and strong. My heart rate picked up to match his. “Will you please tell me where I know you from?”
He laughed and I smiled at the rumble in his chest. He drew back and stared into my eyes. I had no desire to look away. “It’s very easy to remember if you just concentrate.”
“I have been!” I cried, playfully pushing him away. “But I just don’t know.” He tugged me back, laughing.
“You know.”
His eyes fell to my mouth again and my heart hiccoughed as his lips parted. He bent his head slowly and I felt his warm breath on my lips as his nose brushed mine. His fingers moved through my hair to my nape; his mouth came down hovering just over mine. His fingers massaged my neck while his other hand swept down my back and tugged me against his entire body. I could feel that he wanted me, and in an instant I was both terrified and thrilled. And then he brought his hot, soft lips to my cheek.
I groaned with frustration.
“Did Moo call you?” I demanded. Caleb chuckled and kissed my cheek again. “She needs to call you.”
“So she can tell me that I need to make the moves now?” He shook his head. This time when he set me back, I swayed toward him. He held my shoulders until I was steady. “Estela, Estela….” He clicked his tongue and glanced at his room. His cheeks turned pink. “It’s not usually this messy.” I watched his lips, not really hearing him. “Don’t worry, I’ll kiss you.”
I sighed. “When?”
“When you realize how we know…”
“Oh come on!” I interrupted. “Just tell me! Obviously I’m a horrible person to not remember, and you keep dragging it out and....” He silenced me with a simple, chaste kiss. It was too quick to really evaluate, but it was enough to send ripples of pleasure through my body.
“More… por favor,” I whispered.
“No more,” he whispered back, but I felt him descending in, his breath on my face.
“Caleb…” I slowly moved up on my toes and felt his bottom lip with my own. His fingers pressed against my back and my neck and I smiled as a rush of bravery filled my entire body.
I may not be very good at this, I decided, but I sure am going to be enthusiastic about it.
“Estela… why are you waiting?” I felt him tremble and something inside me just sorta clicked on. I smiled and brought my arms up around his neck.
“So… you two hungry?” Adam’s loud voice startled us apart.
I dropped back onto my heels. I expected Caleb to set me away from him, but he didn’t. If anything he held me closer. Adam gave us a knowing grin. His eyes moved from me to his brother. “You hungry, little brother?” Neither of us missed the low tones of sexual innuendo. Caleb’s fingers curled to clench the back of my sweater—it was the only sign of his frustration.
Adam’s eyes moved back to me and they seemed gentler. “Estela, you hungry?” I wondered if he was making some type of barb at my less than skeletal appearance. “’Cause I’m hungry,” Adam continued. “I could go for some Chinese food or something… we could order in, we could go out. But I guess if you both are hungry for something else….”
Caleb did set me back from him then. His voice was firm but not one hundred percent committed. “Do I need to find you a hotel?”
“I don’t know… should I go to a hotel tonight?” Adam gave me a sly look and I felt my face flame. There was a loud buzz that made me jump.
“What was that?” I asked as Caleb walked to his bedroom door where there was another intercom. I don’t remember Moo’s apartment having a set up like this. Caleb pressed a flashing green button.
“Yeah?”
“Hi Caleb, it’s Molia. Is Stela with you?”
I bolted, practically ramming into Adam on my way out. I pulled the front door open and found Moo and Jeremy standing there. I threw myself into Moo’s arms. She instantly went into mommy mode and cuddled me.
“It’s going to be okay,” she said. “I already called Officer Brentwood and he’s going to talk to Joe at Our Heavenly Savior in Chinatown—right?” I nodded and Moo walked me inside Caleb’s apartment. We sat down on his couch. “This is so ridiculous, Stela, I mean… it really is. Can’t your uncle do anything?”
“My uncle wants to shoot him dead,” I said with a sigh. “I can’t tell Tio that Pervo’s been to my apartment building. He would stand on guard with his pistol.” Moo stood up and paced in front of me like a lion. I knew what she was thinking. Sitting back, I sighed. “I can’t stay under lock and key, Moo, and I can’t have you or Caleb babysitting me every moment of the day.”
“Do you have a gun?” Adam asked. Moo spun around, horrified.
“Caleb, I really don’t think…” She stopped short when she saw Caleb standing beside his brother. “Caleb! You never said you had an identical twin!”
“I’m the evil one so he doesn’t talk about me much.” Adam grinned. He then stepped forward and offered his hand. Moo took it; her lips pinched as he turned her hand and kissed her knuckles. “The infamous Molia Hart,” he smiled, stroking the spot his kissed. “You’re even more beautiful than all those fancy fashion magazine pictures.” The ice began to chip away from Moo’s shoulders. Man, he could turn on the charm! “I’m Adam Hood, older and—admit it—cuter brother to Caleb over there.”
“He’s older by two minutes.” Caleb rolled his eyes and crossed his arms.
“Wow, I bet you two pretended to be each other a lot when you were younger, huh?” Moo asked. Adam gave Caleb a wicked smile, which Caleb ignored. Moo turned to me. “Remember when we used to pretend to be twins?”
I nodded. Back in middle school, we dyed Moo’s hair black to match mine and padded her clothes with couch cushion stuffing from an old flea-infested sofa that we found on the side of the road. Paulina Hart had gone into an epileptic fit at the sight of us riding bikes down the street—two chubby brunettes without a care in the damn world. We didn’t understand why she was so mad. I had pretty much butchered Moo’s long auburn hair in the dye process. (I didn’t know you were supposed to wash it out.) As a result, Moo’s hair fell out.
In camaraderie and sisterhood, I used Tio’s hair trimmer to shave my head. I was grounded for a month, but that didn’t stop me and Moo from hanging out. That was the best summer of my life because Moo wasn’t allowed to be in public. Once Moo’s father George convinced Paulina that I was harmless, Moo and I played in our backyards all day long and hid from anyone who came by. We made it a super hero game where all of the people outside the parameter of our two houses were the villains. We wore our swimming suits, and Tia had safety pinned pillowcases onto our shoulders. We used Tio’s belt to tie our waists together and pretended to be Siamese twins. I had a full photo album of pictures from that summer. Moo had one blown up. It was on display in the master bathroom at the beach house.
“So, a gun?” Adam prompted.
“I don’t think a gun is the solution here,” Moo said. She probably thought I’d shoot myself.
“If he’s determined enough he’ll get in the apartment,” Adam said flatly. “He’ll get in and he’ll either rape her or he’ll kill her. If he breaks in and you shoot him dead you’ve killed him in self defense.”
The silence that followed was deafening.
Caleb was the first to speak: “That’s extreme.”
“It’s the law,” Adam said with a shrug.
“This guy on the subway offered to get me a gun,” I said.
“No guns,” Moo said, horrified. “This building has good security. And you shouldn’t talk to anyone on the subway.”
“What about a knife?” Adam asked. “I can show you where to plunge it in, and with a little twist.” He made a sickening stabbing motion in the air and flicked his wrist up. “He’d be out of your life forever.”
I stared at Caleb’s twin and then looked up at Caleb as he sat down beside me.
“Is he on meds?” I whispered. Adam burst into laughter, which was where he and Caleb differed. Adam’s laughter was deeper and louder. He looked at me with appreciation and laughed a little more.
“Stop it, Adam, you’re upsetting her.”
Ignoring his brother, he asked me, “You know self defense?”
I shook my head no.
“So, if he comes after you and no one’s around to help, how are you going to protect yourself?”
Fear was creeping in. I nibbled on the inside of my cheek. “Mace?”
“Pul-lease!” Adam waved his hand dismissively. “If he’s on something a little mace isn’t going to hurt, it’ll probably fuel his rage. Let me give you my knife.”
“Adam, for god’s sake!” Caleb cried. The twins exchanged a long look. I looked at Moo who was whispering something to Jeremy, who was holding her in his arms. The room was tense. Too tense.
“I guess I could go for some Chinese food,” I said brightly. “Some lo mein and egg rolls sound mighty fine.”
Adam looked away from Caleb and smiled at me. “That’a girl… Chinatown?”
My stomach dropped. “M-maybe we could just, order in?”
I didn’t want to unleash Caleb’s brother on my neighborhood. Something about him screamed cop or military. He could probably kill someone with a twist of his pinky. Yes, he was definitely military. How different that profession was to Caleb’s photography. If Adam was some super soldier, heaven forbid if Dr. Pervo was snooping about Chinatown. Adam would probably slit the man’s thick throat. Hell, he’d probably have some legal excuse to get himself out of first degree murder too.
I watched as he stood up and clapped his hands together. “It’s decided, let’s all go to Chinatown.”
I looked at Caleb to protest, but he leaned in and kissed me. It was just as chaste and quick as the other kiss, but my body rippled with pleasure and then went numb. “It’ll be okay,” he whispered.
Hell yes… as long as you keep kissing me like that—everything will be fine.

* * *
Chapter 17

* * *

Since I lived off of Mott Street, I asked everyone if they wouldn’t mind eating in Little Italy instead. Adam made a fuss, but agreed after a few stern looks from Caleb who found it necessary to apologize for his brother’s antics every time his twin opened his mouth. I ordered lasagna and picked at it while staring out the restaurant’s front windows. I was positive that Dr. Pervo would show up. His appearance seemed inevitable; I had a stalker, and there was no getting around it.
“Stop,” Caleb whispered. His hand found mine under the table. “Stop worrying, Es, you’ll be fine.”
I warmed at his shortening of my name. I stared into his eyes, wanting to ask him to kiss me, but I didn’t. I couldn’t. I brought my attention back to my plate, but the food was cold and I wasn’t really hungry. I set my fork down and looked across the table to where Moo and Jeremy were whispering to each other. Thankfully they weren’t making out. Moo wasn’t into PDA and a few people had caught sight of her and were snapping pictures. Sometime in the next few weeks they would be in the tabloids branded as lovers. I wondered if Jeremy was ready for that. It took a particular personality type to deal with paparazzi. On the upside of my growingly disastrous life, I did notice that Moo ate her entire chicken parmesan and two bread sticks—she was definitely on the mend.
Adam smacked his lips and slurped his soda. Although he ate like a cow, he still worked his charm on our waitress and any other pretty woman who walked by. I couldn’t believe that he was Caleb’s twin. Looking away, I poked at my food.
Maybe I did need some sort of weapon. Of course, in the heat of the moment I might not know what to do with it. I didn’t think I had the natural inclination to be some kind of robot killer. But if Dr. Pervo did break into my apartment to rape me I wanted something to defend myself with. Perhaps a baseball bat was a more suitable choice.
Caleb turned in his chair to face me. He laid his hand over my clenched fist; instantly, my fingers relaxed. “He’s not going to kill or rape you, Es, I promise.” 
I smiled. “Es?”
The red tint that suddenly moved up his neck and to his cheeks made me smile bigger.
“Everyone calls you Stela and I like that and all, but I don’t know, Es just stuck in my head. I actually didn’t realize that I’d called you that out loud.” He put his arm around the back of my chair. He wasn’t really holding me, but it definitely felt nice. “You didn’t eat much?”
I looked at my lasagna with three bites missing. “I’m actually not hungry.”
“Excellent,” Adam said, reaching across the table. He plucked my plate away and set it on top of his empty one and started in on it. I frowned.
“You’re not even going to ask?” 
He slurped his soda noisily. “You just said you weren’t hungry.”
“But that doesn’t mean that I won’t be hungry later.” I was starting to feel hot. Adam lifted my plate, lasagna half gone, and offered it back to me. I rolled my eyes. Caleb’s arm slipped off the back of my chair and came around my shoulders. I rested my head on his shoulder and then lifted it away when I saw Moo smiling at us. I grabbed a breadstick and bit into it. “I would feel better if he got the hint and left me alone. If I was normal….”
“You are normal, Estela.” He leaned over and kissed my temple. “Maybe he should see you with me? Maybe I should come crash at your place tonight?” His suggestion made my heart race. Was he subtly asking to sleep with me, or was it a legitimate idea? I didn’t know what I wanted it to be, I just knew deep down that I couldn’t say yes to a sleepover. Not yet. I thought about the rats scurrying about, running over his feet, pooping in his shoes. Then the complete disarray of my belongings and the pig sty called my bedroom.
I shook my head no.
“That might actually be a good idea,” Adam said. “Let’s set up a trap. I’m a cop, I know the law—”
“You’re not a cop,” I said flatly. 
Adam’s mouth fell open slightly before he snapped it shut. He gave me an appraising look. “What makes you think that?”
“I’m a people watcher, I watch people…”
“Thanks for the definition,” he said wiping spaghetti sauce off his mouth with a dirty napkin.
“You don’t act or look like a cop. ‘Let’s set a trap’, ‘kill him in self defense.’” I shook my head. “I don’t want to know what you are.”
“I’m a Navy SEAL.” 
I laughed in his face. “Well at least that’s more believable,” I said. 
“He really is,” Caleb said.
I felt my mouth drop open. Adam was a Navy SEAL? I watched as he caught the eye of a pretty brunette sitting with her boyfriend at the next table. The girl giggled at Adam’s attention while her boyfriend glowered. I didn’t expect the other man to tell Adam to stop—especially not when he was wielding his butter knife like a sword. I glanced at Moo to see if she thought this claim was as outrageous as I did. She studied Adam closely but kept her thoughts guarded.
Adam really was Caleb’s complete opposite, and it amazed me that two people could look the same and be so damn different. Adam was a caveman. He ate like one, and he was certainly barbaric enough to be mistaken for one as he growled at any hot woman that passed the table. 
I leaned against Caleb, who shifted closer to me. “Is he really your twin?”
Caleb nodded. “I know he doesn’t seem like it, but Adam’s a great guy.”
He seemed a little piggish to me, but I didn’t say that out loud. I’m sure my facial expressions said it all.
“So… maybe if Dr. Pervo sees us together?” Caleb prompted. I returned my attention to him, glad that I fell for the calm twin.
I realized he was back on the idea of coming over to my place. “No, you can’t come back to my apartment, it’s a mess.”
“Did you see my bedroom?”
“Yeah but… your bedroom doesn’t have rats the size of small cats and…”
“Stela!” Moo cried. I jumped at her startled voice and followed her eyes to the front window of the restaurant. Dr. Pervo was peering in at me above the loop of the large red “J” of the Julio’s Bistro sign etched onto the glass. I was slammed with an invisible wall that sucked the blood out of my face and slowed my heart. I don’t know when I grabbed Caleb’s leg, but I had, and he winced in pain as I squeezed a handful of his jeans and skin. He pried my hand off.
“Is that him?” Adam asked. I noticed his fingers went a little tighter around the knife.
Adam’s evil expression and Moo’s fear snapped me back into myself. I jumped to my feet.
“I’ll take care of this,” I said firmly.
“Stela no!” Moo exclaimed as she reached across the table to try to keep me walking away. I patted her hand.
“I have to do this myself.” I shook my head as Caleb started to stand. “No, let me go.”
“I can’t,” he said flatly. “We’re going together.”
“No, I want to do this on my own.”
“You will, but I’m going to be outside with you.”
I didn’t protest anymore because I did want him there. He’d saved me that day on Wall Street; if anything crazy happened here he’d save me again. He took my hand and we walked through the restaurant. Once outside he gave my fingers a strong squeeze and released me so that I could confront Dr. Pervo.
“Estela.” The doctor’s eyes seemed frantic, too wide and startled. He seemed high, shifting back and forth, scratching at his skin. He looked at me, but he really wasn’t looking at me.
“Quit following me, Dr. Martinez.” My voice squeaked.
“Estela… I love you and you love me.”
“I never told you that I loved you!” With each word I felt stronger. “I have never given you any indication that there is anything between us. I’m seeing someone new.” His wild eyes flickered behind me. I’m not sure what Caleb did, but Dr. Pervo looked devastated and perhaps a little angry.
“But your mother told me that you loved me, that you wanted to marry me!”
I wanted him dead and I wanted to strangle my mother. “She lied. I can’t stand you,” I said firmly. I hated myself a little for being so ugly to him, but he hadn’t gotten the message before. “I didn’t ask for you to be in my life. I didn’t ask for you to come to my work place and poison me.”
“P-poison?” 
I had the sense that he was slowly unraveling, but I couldn’t stop telling him off.
“I’ve filed papers for a restraining order, and once it’s granted you won’t be able to be near me or they’ll put you in jail.” He took a step forward and grabbed at me, but I slapped his hand away. His eyes narrowed and for a second I thought he was going to attack. He stepped back, stared at me a moment longer, and then walked away. Caleb’s hands came against my shoulders and he drew me back against him. I turned slowly in his arms and pressed my face to his shoulder.
“You did good, Es.”
“No.” I shook my head, hugged him hard and then stepped back. “No, all I did was piss him off.” 
Caleb pressed a lingering kiss to my forehead and led me back into the restaurant where we found Moo and Adam waiting just inside the doors. Both of them were holding knives in a menacing and protective way. 

***

The next morning, I went in to work at my usual time and made several batches of cookies, muffins, and cupcakes, and then went to Richard to request time off. I hadn’t slept at all the night before and I was pretty sure I’d seen Dr. Pervo lurking behind one of the buildings a block away. He’d ducked behind a dumpster when I spotted him. I was too exposed at Java Loo and longed for the comfort of Moo’s apartment and the doorman (and the rest of the building staff) who had given a description of Dr. Pervo and strict instructions to call the police if he was spotted.
I spent thirty minutes trying to convince Richard to let me have a few more personal days. 
“I can’t let you off, Estela,” he said.
“Why not, I’ve got plenty of....”
“I just hired two people.”
“It’s not my job to train them! I’m not the manager, Richard. Besides, why doesn’t assistant manager Bryan take care of it?”
“Georgia will be helping you bake,” he countered. “As lead baker it is your job to train her.”
“Olive can train her on the register and I can train her back when I return in a few days.”
Richard didn’t like how practical my suggestion was and said no a few times. When I didn’t stop pestering, he threatened to fire me.
“Fine, I’m fired,” I said, leaving his office.
He chased me down. “You’re not fired, Estela,” he said, cursing under his breath. “Fine, take the rest of the week off, but I want you back here by Saturday morning.”
“Then you’re not really giving me the full week!”
“You’re lucky I’m giving you four days,” he snapped. I pressed my lips together to keep from doing something stupid. Four days was two more than I had initially asked for. The moment before I could accept, he tossed in his bomb: “And you’ll need to work every Saturday for two months, as manager.” He tacked in that last bit about the promotion.
Two months! It was like a death sentence. Saturdays should have been dead, but there were more than a few anal workaholics on Wall Street. And while I wanted the job, I wasn’t sure that I wanted it. I’d always felt like there was more to me than Java Loo. What exactly, I wasn’t sure.
“Who’s to say you won’t make Buffy—or whatever her name is…”
“Bridgett,” Richard said.
“Whatever. Who’s to say that you won’t get pissed off for some reason and make her manager?”
“I’ll give it to you in writing.” He handed me a stack of papers and my latest paycheck stub, which had been adjusted to assistant manager’s pay. Richard had promoted me without my knowledge last month! I did a quick calculation in my head, it was two hundred dollars more than what I’d been making. I found him grinning stupidly at me.
“Ha, ha, Richard, you pulled a fast one,” I said wagging my finger at him. “But it still says assistant manager.”
He shrugged. “Semantics. Look Stela, you’re perfect for the job. You’re yadda, yadda, yadda.” He didn’t actually say the last part, but that was what I heard. My ears did perk when he said: “Anyway, you’ll get even more money once you have my job.” 
No way do I want to be the store manager. 
“So… two months, that’s just eight Saturdays, and you get the rest of this week off.” He held out his ape-like hand and I shook it begrudgingly. I went to my locker and pulled out my coat and purse, hoping to make a quick exit before he asked me to bake something else.
“Oh, and just so you know….” Grinding my teeth, I faced him. “This Saturday will start the second week of my notice.”
“Your notice?”
“I gave my two-week notice this past Saturday.”
“What!” I cried.
“It’s all yours, Stela,” Richard waved his arms around the kitchen. “You’ll be fine.” I watched him push open the door and disappear to the front of the shop, a little bounce to his step.
Richard was leaving Java Loo after twelve years of service. I almost couldn’t believe it. Was that what he meant about having his job? Where would he go? It took me longer than I liked to compose myself enough to leave out the front doors. Richard gave me a little salute as I passed; he was grinning from ear to ear. I didn’t blame him. Java Loo was a small little place, days away from being gobbled up by some chain. Maybe Richard knew things that we didn’t. Maybe we should all follow suit and get out while we could.  

***

I returned to Moo’s apartment to find a note telling me that she and Caleb would be on set all day. I was glad that they weren’t there to argue with me about going to Queens. Of course that didn’t stop Moo from lecturing me over the phone, with Caleb butting in every now and then to express his fears about me going solo. I was pretty sure I could handle the trip to Tio’s. Now that I knew Dr. Pervo was following me, I was careful to keep myself in highly populated areas, which meant going out of my way to wait at busy bus stops or train stations.
 “Look, if you don’t want me to travel alone, let me take your Jag,” I said. “At least he can’t hop in the back seat and catch a ride.”
“You can’t go alone, period.”
In the background I heard Caleb say, “I’m taking care of it.”
I didn’t have a chance to think about that too long. Two minutes later the doorbell rang. Hesitant to answer, I approached slowly and peered through the peep hole. My heart squeezed just for a moment when I thought Caleb was standing there. But then Adam pushed back his cap and scratched at his buzzed scalp while leaning forward to peer in at me. I unlocked the door and pulled it open. He smiled and dangled a set of car keys in front of my face.
“Guess who your chauffer is today?”
“Ummm,” I stammered. “No.”
Adam’s grin was satanic.
“Caleb’s telling me that Adam’s going to take you,” Moo said in my ear. Her voice was now several octaves quieter. “I feel good about this.” 
I didn’t! Hanging up the phone, I stepped back so Adam could come in. He whistled low at the frilly, girliness of Moo’s apartment. He then spun on his toes and looked me over.
“You ready to go or do you need two hours to primp like most women?”
“You’re such a chauvinist,” I grumbled. “I’m ready.” I grabbed my purse and coat and we left. Adam walked incredibly fast through the basement garage of Moo and Caleb’s building. My thighs burned just trying to keep up with him. He unlocked the doors of a black BMW and slid into the driver’s seat with ease. I had barely closed my door when he reversed out of the space and peeled out of the garage to the exit.
On the streets Adam drove as if he was a NASCAR driver. I let out a squeak as he jerked into the innermost lane of the expressway to keep from ramming into the back of a semi. Nausea threatening, I put my head against my knees and prayed. And if I could have, I would have bent further and kissed my ass goodbye, but Donut Hole prevented me from doing that. 
Adam laughed and gave my back two hard pats.
“Calm down, pájara.”
“Bird?” I glanced up at him and then pressed my face to my knees. As long as I couldn’t see what was going on around me, I was fine. “I’m nothing like a bird.”
“You’re kinda flighty,” he said. I frowned at the floor. I wasn’t flighty. “You know… if I crash you’re definitely gonna break your back or snap your neck.”
I sat back and closed my eyes tight.
“Could you please slow down?”
“Yeah, probably going too fast, huh? But what was it that Tom Cruise says in Top Gun?”
“I don’t care.”
After a moment I felt the car slow beneath us. “Caleb would kill me if I killed you in a car crash.” I opened my eyes to see him sit back from his rigid, straight-armed driving stance. He brought his left knee up and glanced at me. His eyes swept my body again! I folded my arms over my breasts and then tugged at my sweater down, wishing there were a little more of it to cover my stomach. My thighs looked extra wide for some reason. After a moment of sucking in and sitting uncomfortably, I abandoned it all and let my stomach pooch naturally.
“You don’t like me do you?” I asked.
He cocked his eyebrow up. “You pick up on that with your people watching skills?”
“Yeah a little….” I shrugged. “It’s okay a lot of men don’t like all of this,” I gestured to my body, “your brother is a damn mystery.”
“I didn’t say I didn’t like you,” Adam said quickly. “You’re fine. I was expecting someone else, that’s all.”
“Someone like Moo?”
“Well… people do tend to date people they work with, or work close to.”
“So you date your soldier friends?”
Adam’s smile was brilliant, and he laughed. “Touché, pájara.” He tapped his fingers against the steering wheel along with the beat of a song playing on the radio, one that I didn’t recognize. “To be honest… I like you just fine. I did expect some seven foot giraffe wearing a slinky doo-dad, but, you’ll do.” 
“Um, thanks?”
Adam shrugged like it was no big deal. “My brother’s got it bad for you and I love my brother, so I guess I have to have it bad for you too. Or at least take you around town.” 
My brother’s got it bad for you. Those words did some crazy things to my body. I started to squirm, trying to keep myself from grinning like an idiot. “I like Caleb too,” I whispered.
“You like him too?” Adam whispered as he mimicked me. “Yeah, he’s right about you….”
“What?” I gasped. “What did he say about me?”
“That’s all I’m sayin’,” Adam said, holding up both hands. The BMW naturally veered into the next lane and Adam jerked us straight again. I moaned and closed my eyes. 
As we crossed the bridge and the neighborhoods became familiar, I had a sickening thought. “I should warn you about my mother!” 
I wasn’t expecting to see her at Tio’s construction site, but Mother had great tenacity and was at the top of the gossip phone tree. She could sniff me out of a line-up even if she were blind. She’d know I was in Queens, and she’d know that I came with some strange gringo (her word, not mine). She’d come to Tio’s worksite and would make a huge scene, demanding answers. And even after I told her about Dr. Pervo stalking me, she would still throw me into his arms just to keep me away from any guy who looked like Adam.
“No biggie,” he said, puffing out his chest. My nervousness vanished. Maybe Adam would meet his match in Marianna Ramos. Maybe she’d take him down a peg.
“I should really give you a heads up,” I said.
“Nah, don’t tell me anything.” Adam grinned. “I might have a little fun today.” He wiggled his eyebrows at me in a manic way, and then slammed his foot down on the accelerator to shoot us past a slow moving Jetta. I put my face back against my knees and prayed.

* * *
Chapter 18

* * *

“Jesus, where are you taking me? Quebec?”
“It’s just a little further,” I said with a sigh. He had been complaining since our wheels touched the Queens borough. Adam wasn’t much on patience, something else that differed between him and Caleb. Any man who could hold out for ten months waiting for a girl to look at him had a level of patience I would never understand. Adam, on the other hand, grunted impatiently every time we hit a red light or when he had to stop for a pedestrian. I could imagine him in the jungles of Africa smacking on his Juicy Fruit and cussing at the moon while he waited for rabid beast animals to come barreling out of the bush, threatening our national security. 
“What’s your uncle do?”
“He’s a contractor,” I answered.
“Working a big job?”
“An office building,” I smiled proudly. I remembered the day my uncle got the job, he and Tia had jumped around the house like little kids. I even found myself bouncing along with them.  “He’s been working on it for little over nine months now. “It’s the biggest project he’s had since he started his own company six years ago.” Adam just nodded and slammed on the breaks to keep from hitting a dog that wandered into the street. The seat belt bit into my shoulder as it jerked me back. I looked at Adam and he looked at me. He gave me an “oh well” shrug and started back down the road.
“So… have you killed many people?”
That earned me one of his loud, bursting laughs. “You’ve been thinking about that for a while now, haven’t you?”
I nodded.
“We’re trained not to kill people. We’re in, we’re out. We’re silent… we’re sleek….”
“Did they torture you like in G.I. Jane?”
“I can’t talk about it.” He sank down in his seat his face took on a line of utter seriousness. I stared at him for some time before he cracked a smile and shook his head. “Nah, I wasn’t tortured, but it was hard as hell.”
“So, you’re on leave?”
“Yup, for a couple of weeks.”
And you came to see Caleb, I thought. That said a lot about their relationship. With Adam alongside of me I could learn so much about Caleb. Maybe I could subtly ask Adam how Caleb and I had been running into each other for months.
“I guess you didn’t really want to spend it babysitting your brother’s… um… friend.”
Adam glanced at me. “There’s still time for what I want to do, pájara.”
“What’s that?”
“Fuck a bunch of women,” he answered. My mouth dropped open. Guys did not talk like that. I knew I didn’t have much experience around them, but I was pretty damn sure they didn’t utter such things in public. Adam continued, “Did you see how that foxy piece sitting at the table with her loser boyfriend last night was staring at me? I could have done her on the table in front of him if I wanted to.”
“Do you seriously talk like this?” I asked, disgusted. “I mean… you know I’m a girl right? I am a member of the opposite and fairer sex! I may not look like Moo, but I’m still a woman.” The wider he smiled the more livid I became. I wanted to punch him in his face. I’d have to close my eyes to do it because it would be like punching Caleb, which was something I’d never do. “I’m not one of your ball scratchin’ hombres who want to tack off the number of women they’ve screwed! I don’t particularly care to hear how many women you’ve… slept with.” I couldn’t bring myself to say the f-word in his presence.
“Whoa, calm down kitten.”
“Don’t you dare talk down to me like that, jackass.” 
He held up his hands in surrender and then grabbed the steering wheel jerking it to the right to keep from hitting cars parked on the curb. “Take it easy.”
“Is your brother like you in any way? Because if he is, I’m so done.”
Adam just laughed.
“Is he one of those silent but deadly types? You know… a guy who is gonna suck me in with all love and tenderness and then beat the shit out of me when his fuse snaps? Hmm?”
“Hey!” Adam cried, still laughing. “Calm down! I was only kidding with you!”
I sat back in my seat. “Take a right, and shut up.”
To his credit, Adam did what I asked. But it only lasted a few seconds.
“I don’t want to fuck a bunch of women,” he said quietly. “Just a few.”
I rolled my eyes. “Please stop talking. Please—you make me hate everything with a penis.”
“A big penis,” Adam corrected. Though I wasn’t looking at him, I was pretty sure he was wiggling his eyebrows at me. I groaned and contemplated throwing myself out of the car. “I’ve got a lot of pent up emotions here,” he exclaimed. “I’m a man! So I like sex and booze… is that so bad?”
“Not if you don’t care if the women you’re with are respectable or not,” I said. “And just so you know… you’re a pig. You’re a sleazy, disgusting pig.”
He gasped. “What would Caleb say to hear you talking to me like this?”
A moment of hesitation hit me, but I smacked it away. “If he’s the type of man I think he is, he’ll congratulate me for speaking my mind and then he’ll tell you that you’re a man whore slut!” Adam’s loud laughter only riled me up more. I glared at his handsome face, hating in that moment that he looked like the man I was falling for. I crossed my arms. “You know that women are only sleeping with you for your body.”
This made him scream with laughter. “Come and get me, ladies.”
I rolled my eyes. “You really are the evil twin, aren’t you?”
When we arrived at the building site I spotted my uncle talking with some of his foremen. Adam parked a few cars away. I unfastened my seat belt the moment he had the car in park. 
“Why don’t you sit in the car like a good doggie,” I grumbled. “Don’t piss on anything.”
I slammed the car door and Tio turned, his eyes alight with happiness to see me. I’d been crying with ease these past few days, and while I’d felt a little embarrassed by it whenever Caleb was around, I didn’t feel the least bit remorseful or ashamed with Tio. I hurried toward him, Adam following close behind.
“Butterlips!” Tio cried, jogging to me. I closed my eyes as he enveloped me in his arms. “How are you doing?”
“Better now,” I sighed fighting away the tears that stung the corner of my eyes.
“No more sightings?”
I bit my lower lip. I had yet to tell him about Little Italy. I was putting it off because I knew he’d explode. Now his eyes narrowed as if he were reading my mind. He pressed his forehead to mine. A cool wind brought up the familiar scent of sawdust from his dirty sweater. As a child I had loved the smell of sawdust. Before he got into construction Tio built furniture—tables and chairs mostly. He was always in the garage sawing and sanding, making something remarkably beautiful that he ended up giving away for free. I had often sat under his workbench to watch the sawdust fall like snow to the cool concrete floor. I’d play in it for hours. Mother would get angry when I filled my pockets with it and tracked it into the house. She banned me from the garage on several occasions. After that I had learned to keep the sawdust in a shoebox. 
“Dr. Martinez came around last night,” I said. 
Tio’s hands dropped from my cheeks to my shoulders, his fingers squeezed. I saw the play of emotions on his face and in his eyes; fury set in the strongest. 
“Tio, please calm down.” I kissed his cheeks and hugged him tight.
“I want him dead,” he growled.
“Tio! It scares me when you talk like this.” I kissed his forehead and sighed. “I’m fine, I confronted him.”
“Did you?” He drew back. “How?”
“She shoved him.” Adam said. Tio looked at Adam then and raised his eyebrows at me in question.
“Adam Hood, this is my tio, Sylvester Ramos.”
Adam extended his hand and my uncle shook it. 
“How do you know my little Butterlips?”
“He is the twin brother of a man I’m… friends with….” I hesitated to glance at Adam, and when I did I found him grinning stupidly at me. Irritation bubbled up in me like popcorn. “Adam’s a Navy SEAL, Tio.”
“Good, you kill him,” My uncle said with a dismissing hand gesture. I felt my chest release a little; he hadn’t picked up on the awkward “Caleb and I are just friends” statement that sounded anything but true.
“Like to sir, but I’m sure that would be frowned upon,” Adam said in a straight-forward military tone.
“Pppppst,” my uncle blew a raspberry. “You know what to do with the body.” There was a glint of something in Adam’s eyes that scared me. 
“Oh, you two!” I rolled my eyes at the men who were eavesdropping on our conversation and who were also looking at Adam with wary second glances.
“I’m serious, Estela,” Tio said. “Adam can hide the body.” Adam’s stupid grin grew wider. 
“Yea, and I’m sure for a price Adam might consider it.” 
My uncle frowned and looked at Adam again. Suddenly, I didn’t like the look in his eyes. Maybe he was remembering the “just friends” comment and was now seeing through it. “Have you stopped by the house to see your tia?”
“No,” I said. “And I wasn’t planning on it. I just wanted to see you.” 
He tapped my chin and pushed a strand of hair behind my ear. “You can’t blame your aunt and mama forever for this mess,” he said.
“Does Mother show any regret at all?” I demanded; my neck and ears turning hot. “She probably thinks that she can rehabilitate him. All she cares about his profession, but I’m sorry, doctors may make a lot of money, but they can be psychopaths. I don’t care about money, but she doesn’t care about that. Mother wouldn’t care if the man in my life loves me, she’ll only care that he’s rich and can afford all the tons of food I eat every damn day!”
“Language,” Tio said.
I rushed on, mimicking my mother’s voice but making her sound very butch. I bent over and mimed a gorilla as well. “And Estela, don’t forget that he’s from a respectable family! Ooo, oo, oo and don’t forget that he will help you lose all that fat.” Tio had turned his back to me as I aped around. I think it was to keep from laughing; Adam was practically rolling on the floor.
“Tst, tst, hush niña.” Tio rubbed my arms and kissed my forehead. “You should see your mama.”
“I want her to apologize to me, Tio, because this is her fault.”
“It won’t do to blame anyone, Butterlips. What’s done is done and now we need to take care of this. He needs to be off the streets and away from you.” My uncle glanced at his watch and then called to Ben that he was leaving for the rest of the day.
“Let’s go to the house.”
“Nooooo!” I wailed, stopping when Tio gave me the “don’t be a baby” look. “But I don’t want to see her… I just came here to see you.” I would have seen Tia, but I really didn’t want to go back to the house.
Tio thought for a moment and then turned to Adam. “Are you hungry?”
“All the time, sir, all the time.”
We went to Maria’s Tacos, a place just down the street from the house. My mother and aunt were sure to see my uncle’s truck parked outside, and, like in Kevin Costner’s Field of Dreams: if they saw it, they would come. I ordered a diet Coke and flour flautas and waited for the inevitable moment when my mother and aunt would barge into the restaurant and demand to know all the particulars of Adam Hood. Especially what the hell he was doing with me.  
When I wasn’t watching the door, I was watching Adam, who was—surprisingly—on his best behavior. He ordered a taco platter and then discussed NASCAR with my uncle. When his food came I expected him to inhale it like a shop vacuum while chewing with his mouth open and slurring his tongue at the waitresses. But he remained civilized and I didn’t lose my appetite. I was amazed that he even had the ability to turn it off and on.
“Why are you staring at me like that?” Adam asked flatly. He then made googley-love eyes. “Miss my baby brother?” Then he made his voice falsetto: “Oh Caleb, oh… oh, you stud.”
I slapped his arm so hard my elbow hurt. Adam laughed while my uncle eyes grew big. He put his half-eaten taco down. “You’re dating his brother, Butterlips?”
Under his breath, I heard Adam whisper, “Lips of butter.”
My hand curled into a fist around my fork.
“We’re… talking,” I stressed. I stabbed one of my flautas and took a big bite; I didn’t want to talk anymore, not that it mattered. Adam was ready and willing to fill him in.
“They haven’t gone on a date yet.”
Tio sipped his soda, quiet. Too quiet. “How did you two meet then, hmm?”
“I don’t know,” I sighed. “And it’s driving me crazy.”
“You don’t know how you met this man? Are you drinking too much?”
Oh. My. God. I glared at Adam who chortled and snorted.
“No, Tio!” I sat back. Wait… am I drinking too much? “Caleb’s a fashion photographer. We met a few years ago in Florida at one of Moo’s shoots. Remember when I went to visit Moo and you got mad at me for spending my textbook money?” Tio’s lips pressed firm. We had fought for weeks about that and he obviously wasn’t over it (even though I paid him back). “Well, that’s when we met officially.” I left the other part about the last ten months out because I couldn’t explain it. I knew he’d have questions. He’d want to know if I was happy, and if Caleb was a good man. But these were questions that he wouldn’t ask with Adam sitting in front of me.
“Hello, Estela.”
I turned my head and looked up at my aunt’s shy voice. My mother stood behind her, her eyes glued to Adam. I hadn’t seen them come in and I wish I hadn’t taken my eyes off the door. Sighing, I stood and kissed Tia’s cheek. Her eyes glistened with tears as she clutched me to her chest. I gave an extra squeeze of forgiveness and ignored my mother.
“Adam, we should go.”
“No, no.” Tia gestured for me to sit down. “We’ll join you, won’t we, Marianna?”
My mother didn’t respond. She stared at Adam with a faraway look in her eyes. Adam noticed her scrutiny and slowly stood. Tia breathed in sharp, taken aback by his height and size. I could feel my mother bristling, but why?
Adam came around the table.
“Adam Hood, ma’am,” he extended his hand to her. “I’m your daughter’s driver and bodyguard for today. She’s dating my twin brother.”
My mouth fell open. What the hell was he playing at? I glared at him while Mother stared as if he were a Martian. I fully expected her to at least be somewhat pleasant, but she completely snubbed him by turning on her heels and fleeing. I watched her move quickly though the tables and out the front door.
“Oh… I’m sorry, Adam,” Tia said quickly. “She’s a little… upset about what’s going on with Estela and….”
“Don’t make excuses for her, Tia,” I interrupted. “Adam, I think we should go.”
“But, Estela… who is this man?” She wrapped her arm around mine in effort to keep me there. I’ll admit it felt nice being cuddled up to her, even for a moment.
“Estela is talking to his brother,” my uncle explained. I blushed as Tio gave me an “I’m not dumb” look. “Estela, why don’t you stay and finish your flautas.”
I snorted. “After Adam was so rudely rebuffed?”
“Don’t mind me,” Adam said as he sat down in his chair. He grabbed two of my flautas and dropped them onto his plate. He grabbed a tortilla chip and dunked it in the spicy pico. “Won’t hurt to stay and finish up, Estela. Caleb and Molia won’t be back until well after nine anyway.”
“Caleb?” Tia sat down in the chair beside my uncle and waved to someone she knew. “Estela, why didn’t you tell us that you were seeing someone?”
“Caleb and I are just talking, Tia. There’s nothing going on.”
“They’ve kissed,” Adam said.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” I demanded. Both Tio and Tia gasped and began scolding me in Spanish. I ignored them. “Honestly, are you mental? Do you have a few loose screws? Do you need to take your medication?”
Adam grinned, looking peevishly handsome and annoying. Curse him and his Caleb eyes! I looked away before I did something stupid.
“And you’re bringing his brother to meet us,” Tia said giving Adam a very friendly, yet suspicious smile. “That seems like more than friendship.”
“He’s just transportation,” I said, my voice raising. “A guzzling gas bag full of gas and nonsense!”
“Estela,” Tia whispered with an admonishing tone. “You like his brother, no?”
Adam laughed and Tia blushed. Curse him and his charm!
“We. Are. Just. Talking.” I growled each word.
Adam smiled. “Caleb would have been here with her, but he’s working.”
“Working?” My aunt smiled at me. “What does he do?”
“He’s… a photographer,” I answered. “We met at one of Moo’s shoots.” 
“Recently?”
“Back in college,” I said. 
“Well, that’s nice.” My aunt continued to stare at Adam, her eyes scanning him over. 
“Tia!” I hissed.
“He’s so handsome!” She whispered, elbowing me playfully. I knew for a fact that my cheeks were visibly red this time. Adam grinned and reached across the table for another flauta. This time I gave his hand a good hard slap. “Your Caleb looks like him, yes?” I buried my face in my hand and nodded. What else could I do? The conversation wasn’t going away. 
“His brother is much cuter,” I said. Adam’s smile slowly slipped; his eyes drifted over my shoulder. I felt triumphant that I’d finally got him to shut up. “And speaking of him… we should get back to the city.” 
“How dare you do this to me?” For the second time, I was startled to find someone standing behind my chair. My mother wrung her hands. I stood when I saw the tears streaming down her cheeks. I reached for her.
“How dare you hurt me like this!” she shouted. The restaurant settled into quietness and I felt all eyes on me. 
“Mom?”
“Don’t you mom me! You did this on purpose!”
“Did what?” I cried.
“Marianna,” Tio said with warning.
“You rub this in my face!” She shouted at me. I froze. Why was she screaming? She rubbed her face hard and began trembling. I’d never seen her so close to falling apart. I wanted to take her into my arms and make it better, but she was a statue. Unmovable. Untouchable.
“Mamá, I don’t know what you’re talking….” 
I didn’t see her hand coming, but when it connected with my cheek I lost balance and basically dove into our table, scattering plates, putting my hand in Adam’s taco platter. When I pushed myself up, my heart racing, food all over my clothes, I found both Adam and Tio on their feet. Tia remained seated, both hands covering her mouth. I turned to face my mother, who was staring at me with a mix of anger and shock. She was breathing hard, her mouth opening and closing with unspoken words. I lifted my hand to touch my face and stopped just short when I saw that it was coated in refried beans. 
Adam’s hand came around my arm and for a brief moment I thought he was Caleb. He had the same concerned look in his eyes. He drew me back against him.
My mother recovered quickly at the sight of Adam beside me. “You are no daughter of mine!”
“Mamá please, I don’t know what I….”
She slapped me again, the same cheek, and before I could do or say anything, she turned and left the restaurant.


* * *
Chapter 19

* * *

I didn’t listen to reason as I staggered out of Maria’s Tacos moments after my mother stormed off. Adam followed me. I was still covered in food and had refried beans all over my hand. Tia begged me to listen to her, but I refused. I couldn’t listen to anyone at that point. I walked straight for the BMW and waited for Adam to unlock it. I wanted the hell out of Queens and far away from anyone who had seen my mother lose her mind, and my subsequent humiliation. I said nothing when Tio pecked my cheek with a gentle kiss. Adam was slow to drive out of the parking lot.
“It smells like beans in here,” he said, rolling down his window.
I stared at nothing and everything. Why had my mother slapped me? She dove off the deep end and cracked her face on the bottom of the pool. We were halfway across the East River Suspension Span, part of the Triborough Bridge, when a cell phone jingled.
“Wanna get that, Bean Hand? It’s the fifth time it’s rung.”
I dug through my purse, bean hand and all, and grabbed my phone from the bottom of the bag. Tio was calling. I watched his name flash on the LCD screen with each ring. I always answered his calls—always. But I pressed the button on the side of the phone to silence the ring and waited for the small device to stop vibrating and the LCD to go dark. When it did, I flipped open the phone and changed my ringer to silent. I then dropped the phone into the recesses of my purse and stared out the window.
“Traffic’s not too bad,” Adam commented. “We’ll be back uptown in….”
“Can you take me to Chinatown please?”
“Um….” Out of the corner of my eye I saw him glancing at me.
“If you can’t handle it, Adam, then pull the goddamn car over and I’ll get a cab!” I shouted each word.
He whistled low.
I took a breath, trembling all over. “I want to go home… to my home.”
“All right, calm down, Bean Face. To Chinatown we go.”
He was quiet the rest of the trip, the only noise he made was the sound of his fingertips drumming against the steering wheel. And for my sake and sanity, he was driving like a normal person. After thirty minutes, he pulled in front of my apartment building and put the car in park.
“You can’t park here,” I said.
“It’s just for a minute… I’m gonna go up, check out your place to make sure everything’s okay, and then I’ll come and move the car.” He turned on the emergency lights and killed the engine.
We headed up the narrow staircase of my building to the third floor. I was digging through my purse for my keys when Adam’s long fingers curled around my upper arm. I looked up at him and then followed his gaze to my door. It was covered with plastic and tape, which made my door look like a crime scene. My eyes fell onto a biohazard sign and a list of fumigation chemicals that had been used inside. My throat tightened and my lungs began to burn. Of all the times for Mr. Zhang to finally take action!
A strangled whimper escaped my chest. I desperately wanted to curl up in bed and cry myself to sleep. But since I couldn’t do that, I settled for breaking down in the hallway. I think I might have tried to get into my apartment at one point, because before I realized it, Adam had slung me over his shoulder and was carrying me down the stairs. He put me down in the foyer and then stalked back up the stairs to pick up items that had fallen from my purse. He stuffed them back inside and then took me out to the freshly falling snow.
“Hey wait!” He shouted, abandoning me on the top of the steps. I saw the flashing light of a meter maid buggy. She was writing him a ticket.
“No parking zone,” she said in a bored tone.
“Come on, I was only up there for a minute!”
“Don’t care. No parking zone.”
I watched as Adam tried to turn on his charm, but it didn’t work. The meter maid left him with the thirty-five dollar ticket which he balled up and threw on the ground.
“Estela, let’s go! You can’t stay here tonight.”
“Why are you shouting at me?” I demanded. “I told you not to park there!” The tightness in my throat released as I stood there with tears streaming down my face. “I didn’t do anything!”
Adam’s expression softened.
“I didn’t do anything!” I shouted again, although the last word was completely garbled and stuttered. I wiped my eyes and they started burning. I screamed.
“Jesus, you’ve got Bean Hands!” Adam cried. A few seconds later I was bent over backwards, sobbing, while Adam flushed my eyes out with a water bottle. Dripping wet, covered in Mexican food, and unable to stop crying, Adam stuffed me into the car. We were quickly consumed by and stuck in traffic. With nothing to wipe my eyes or blow my nose, I ended up using any clean part of my sweater as a tissue.
“Come on, Estela,” Adam sighed as he maneuvered through the chaos. “I’m not good at comforting girls when they cry. That’s more Caleb’s boat.” 
“But I didn’t do anything, Adam!”
“I know,” he said, giving my shoulder a pat. “Just stop crying already.” I ended up sniffing the entire way to Moo and Caleb’s building.
Because it was only a little after four in the afternoon, it would be hours before Moo and Caleb returned from the shoot. Adam happily left me at Moo’s. I stood in her foyer for fifteen minutes before I had enough sense to walk myself into the guest bathroom where I peeled off my dirty clothes and stepped into the shower. I cried a little bit more and only stopped when a bruise started to develop and it hurt to wipe tears away. I dressed in pajamas and made an ice pack. 
After eating a few slices of old pizza, I curled up in bed and ignored the flare of pain in my cheek that occurred whenever I moved.
I must have fallen asleep at some point, because I woke to my back being rubbed. I knew it was Moo without opening my eyes. There was something about the tenderness of her hand on my back. It really was how a mother should treat their daughter. I opened my eyes and found her blue ones inches away; her head shared my pillow. The blond extensions were gone and her hair was now shoulder length and back to its natural auburn color.
She brushed her fingertip across my cheek. I winced.
“Awww, honey.” Moo cuddled me and ran her fingers through my hair. “I’m so sorry.”
“She slapped me twice and acted like I killed her cat or something.” Moo pressed her forehead to mine. “I don’t know what I did wrong. She’s never been that angry and she’s never hit me before.”
“You didn’t do anything wrong, Stela,” Moo said firmly. “Your mom has always been very secretive, and judgmental of you. I’ve always believed that she acts the way she does not because of you. There’s something going on deep in her heart.”
“She doesn’t have a heart,” I whispered.
“Yes she does,” Moo said, drawing back so I could see her eyes. “I’ve studied your relationship for as long as I’ve known you. It’s not traditional and it might seem like you hate each other, but you don’t. You love each other like crazy. I know what a bad mother is,” Moo said softly, her eyes fierce. This time, I put my arms around her and squeezed. Compared to Paulina Hart, my mother was an angel.
“I don’t ever want to go back to Queens,” I said rolling onto my back. Moo propped herself up on her elbow.
“You can’t just abandon your tio and tia. Your mother lives with them, Estela, you’ll see her eventually.”
“She hit me so hard,” I whispered as I fluttered my fingertips against my cheek testing it for tenderness. “Twice, Moo! She hit me twice and it hurts so much.”
“I know.” Moo slowly sat up. She was wearing yoga pants and a long sleeved shirt. I wondered how long she had been home watching over me. “Have you put ice on it?”
“I made a pack, but I just ate pizza and went to bed.”
“I’ll get you another one.” Moo slipped off the bed. I watched her leave and wondered if Caleb was out there or in his apartment with Adam. Stupid Adam. I rolled onto my side and curled my arms around the pillow. Adam really was annoying. He was nothing like Caleb and I was so grateful for that. In the womb he must have sucked up all the bad traits. 
I wanted to see Caleb, but I didn’t know how to ask for him. Was it appropriate to call up and ask him to come see me? It seemed like a fair request for people who were “talking.” I rolled onto my back and sighed.
“I’m crap at this,” I said aloud. What were the typical steps to dating? I wasn’t supposed to call for a few days, right?
Moo came back with a flat blue ice pack from the refrigerator and a wash cloth. I pressed the pack to my cheek and closed my eyes.
“Your uncle called me,” Moo said as she walked around my room picking up my dirty clothes and throwing away trash. I watched as she added an armload of clothes to the overstuffed hamper. “He’s concerned and wanted to know why you weren’t answering your cell phone. I told him that you were sleeping.”
“Thanks.” I wasn’t ready to talk to anyone.
“Maybe he can shed some light on why your mom freaked out.”
Moo picked up the pizza box and a bag of marshmallows and headed out of the room. When she came back it was with two shot glasses. I smiled and sat up. We took a shot of Grey Goose, which burned all the way down, warming my belly instantly. Our glasses tinkled as Moo put stacked them together and placed them on the nightstand. We then lay face-to-face.
“How was your shoot?” I really wanted to ask her about Caleb: was he home, was he going to stop by? 
“It was pretty horrible toward the end,” Moo said. “A girl who was working as a production assistant was rushed to the hospital. A makeup artist found her in the bathroom overdosing on something.” Moo shuddered. Beneath the covers I heard her sobriety bracelet tinkling. I wondered—as I often do—if she remembered anything about her own overdose. We never really talked about that day. It was the last time Moo ever shot up with heroin—and therefore it was a good day. I tried to focus on that fact and not how horrible it had been to be the one who found her.
“I’m sorry that happened,” I whispered. 
“Yea,” Moo sighed. “I didn’t feel any triggers, but I went to a meeting anyway. Caleb actually went with me.”
“He did?” I asked. “He knows about your addiction?”
“Everyone knows, Stela,” Moo said. 
Oh, right. Tabloids do get it right sometimes.
“Moo, I can’t stand Adam,” I whispered. “Is that bad? I mean he is Caleb’s twin.”
“And they’re very close,” Moo said. “Caleb was a little distracted all day. I think he was worried about you and how Adam would treat you.”
“After Mom slapped me and I face planted into a table of Mexican food, he called me Bean Hands.”
Moo slapped her hand over her mouth and laughed. I frowned for a moment and then smiled. I suppose it was a little funny, but also rude.
“And he told my entire family about Caleb. I don’t even know what’s really going on between Caleb and me and now Tio and Tia are curious. It was horrible. He just wouldn’t shut up.”
“Bean Hands,” Moo sighed. 
“I was in shock after everything happened, but every time he called me that I felt a little spark of anger pushing through. I was so upset.”
“He was probably trying to make you feel better.”
“He’s irritating. But since I like Caleb, I guess it’s like a package deal. Hot photographer man with a side of slime.” 
Moo smiled and relaxed at my side, her eyes closed. I followed suit and within a few minutes I was asleep. Sometime later, I woke as a warm hand cupped the back of my neck. 
“Es?”
I rolled toward the sound of my name. My skin slowly began to tingle with awareness. The fingers against my neck rubbed. Caleb sat down making the mattress squeak and suddenly I was warm in other places.
“Is this a booty call?”
He chuckled, his hand moving away from my neck. He smoothed my hair back. When I opened my eyes he was staring down at me with such a warm, caring smile. Nothing like Adam. I glanced at the clock—3:40 am.
“This is a booty call, isn’t it?” 
He laughed and gestured for me to scoot over. He slipped into my pre-warmed space and pulled the blanket over his waist. It felt very intimate, sharing my bed with him, even in such an innocent way. It was as if we had been doing this for years.
“Which side?” I pointed to my left cheek, which didn’t hurt as badly now that I had a few Tylenols in me. Caleb brushed a soft kiss to my cheek and then drew back. He smelled good, like soap and freshly washed clothes. Something tightened in my stomach when his gaze moved to my mouth. There were a few awkward seconds of hesitation and then he leaned in and pressed his mouth to mine. He kissed me softly at first and then the tip of his tongue stroked mine and for an instant I was compelled to climb on top of him. And just as quickly I snapped my head back, heart racing.
Feeling a little embarrassed, I laughed it off. “I don’t do booty calls.”
Caleb grinned. “No… it’s not.”
“You sure?”
“If it was, I think I would have crawled in here completely ready for action if you catch my drift.” He bent his head and brushed his warm lips over mine, but he kept the kiss chaste. “How are you feeling?”
“I don’t know,” I said, relaxing a little. Until he slid closer and put his arm around my waist; it took a little longer to chill out. The moment I did relax, he drew me closer, and we repeated the process until I was settled comfortably in his arms. I was nearly asleep when his deep voice broke through the quiet.
“Moo thought it would be best if I let you have some space—but… I couldn’t sleep without knowing that you were okay.”
“It doesn’t hurt much anymore,” I murmured. In fact, I was feeling all sorts of new things at the moment and they had nothing to do with my face and more so with the unaccustomed pressure against my thigh. I’d never been this close to a man. Whenever my mind focused on his lower half, I stiffened up, not quite sure what to do and slightly worried about what was going happen. As if sensing my uncertainty, Caleb drew back a little.
“You don’t know why she hit you?”
“No,” I whispered. “She’s never hit me before.”
“I’m sure she’s upset about it then… sounds like she lost her temper.”
“She lost her mind.” I turned onto my side so we weren’t touching as much. “I’m glad you came to see me. I wanted to see you… but I wasn’t sure of the protocol.”
He laughed. “What protocol?”
“The dating dos and don’ts,” I answered. “Do I say ‘come comfort me,’ although we barely know each other? Do I ask at all? Do I wait for things to progress normally? For you to make the move? Do I say ‘hold me a little tighter because I’m scared’?” This time he did close up the space; his arms squeezed me so tight I couldn’t breathe.
“How’s that?” He asked with a grunt. “Better? Tighter?” 
“That’s perfect,” I said as he sat back chuckling. 
“I know how I sound,” I said. “I just, I don’t really have… I….”
“Don’t think so much, Es,” he whispered. “I really should have just grabbed you and kissed the crap out of you when I….” His voice trailed off. 
I sat up a little. “When you what?” I had a strong feeling that he was going to tell me something that would clue me in to the last ten months. He tried not to smile and shrugged as if it were no big deal.
“At Moo’s party,” he said quickly.
“That’s not what you were thinking!”
He grinned. “No, it wasn’t… but that would give away our special meeting place.” He reached up and ran his fingers over my cheek. “I’m sorry I couldn’t be there with you today—I hope Adam was friendly.” I might have growled or made a face or something because Caleb laughed. “Was he that bad?”
I counted out the reasons why he was on my finger: “He drives like a maniac. He’s outrageous. He says rude things. He is insensitive.”
“He can be a lot to handle.”
“He’s a toddler.” Caleb just smiled and I felt the need to tune it down a few notches to keep from openly bashing his brother. “Do you drive like a wild man? Is it a shared twin thing?”
“It is,” Caleb nodded. “But I’m usually pretty safe when other people are with me—I suppose I could benefit from a defensive driving course or two.”
“I feared for my life on many occasions,” I said.
“Did you see him?”
I didn’t need to ask who he was talking about. “No, Dr. Pervo didn’t show up,” I answered. “Or at least he didn’t approach me face to face. I hope it’s over, I hope he got the message.”
“Me too.”
“But what if it’s not… what if I just pissed him off?”
“Don’t think about that.” Caleb patted the mattress and I settled back down. 
“You’re sure this isn’t a booty call?”
“Do you want it to be, Es?” His voice went husky and I trembled with a mixture of fear and anxiety. “Because it easily could be…” his voice dipped lower, and I felt his hand against my side. I wanted to slap it away. I clamped down on the need to laugh hysterically. 
I tried to sound sexy and seductive, but the smile on his face made me feel that I sounded like James Earl Jones. “So… if I were to say the word, what would you do?”
“Go home real quick or go raid Moo’s vanity for a few condoms.”
“A few?” I grumbled, still not mastering the sexy voice. Caleb laughed and nodded. 
“Sure… because my booty calls go all night long and into the morning.”
I laughed until he kissed me deeply and his fingers slowly moved down my sternum, between my breasts, and down over Donut Hole. My stomach jumped at the touch. I caught Caleb’s hand with mine. For a second I thought I was going to pass out, and then I remembered to breathe. His green eyes searched mine; I could feel the fast pound of his heart against my side. Again he drew away. I was torn between wanting to tug him back and wanting to roll to the other side of the bed.
“I’ve never had a booty call before.” His hand went back down my side and Donut Hole jumped again. Unaccustomed to being touched in anyway, my stomach pitched into a violent cramp. I shook my head slightly and began to sit up.
“Whoa, don’t leave,” Caleb said quickly. “This isn’t a booty call.”
I smiled and nodded, but still pulled away from him.
“Es,” Caleb said as he sat up. I felt his hand on the small of my back as I slipped out of bed. I was just at the bathroom door when he called out to me. I turned and looked at him. “Do you want me to leave?”
I did… and I didn’t. Fear had consumed me and I wasn’t really sure what I wanted. I watched him as he watched me. He stared to get out of the bed.
“No,” I said.
He paused and looked at me.
“Stay….” I whispered. “I’ll just be a minute.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah, I’m sure.” I ducked into the bathroom and kept the light off. I felt my way to the toilet and closed the lid. I sat on it and wondered why I was such a chicken shit. Incapable of really expressing my feelings, I wasn’t sure whether or not I really didn’t want a booty call. Maybe I did. No one wants to be approaching the big 2-7 as a virgin, right? Oh crap, I can’t tell him that I’m a virgin. He’ll run away for sure. Shit! How could I broach that conversation? I wondered. Maybe I should just walk in naked one night with a bow wrapped around Donut Hole and say: Congrats, Green Eyes, I’ve never been touched by a man before. You may commence poking me now. God, what would he think?
I sat on the toilet until I realized I’d been in there suspiciously long. I washed my hands and face, brushed my teeth again and returned to the bedroom. I found Caleb sitting on the edge of the bed rubbing his face. He stood up.
“I should go.”
“No, I…”
“You sure you want me to stay?”
I nodded and approached slowly and then changed my mind and sped up because I didn’t want to appear sexual. I belly flopped onto the bed and kicked around until I was settled under the blankets. He was smiling, so I was pretty sure nothing about the last few seconds was a turn on. To my surprise, he settled in at my side as if I hadn’t toddlered my way into bed.
“Caleb, I don’t think I’m ready,” I whispered. My throat squeezed and my heart began to race. I felt like I needed to explain more to him, to tell him that my experience was that of a twelve-year-old. Why I didn’t—couldn’t—strip out of my clothes and have a wild night. 
“Stop thinking,” he whispered, pressing a gentle kiss to my mouth and then forehead.
“It’s just… I don’t like moving too fast.”
“Right,” he nodded. I was grateful that he didn’t shove me away or roll his eyes. He was startled when I reached out and touched his mouth with my fingertips.
“But… we can still make out a little more, right?” He grinned. “I’m minty fresh now!” I crawled a little closer. He held still as I pressed my mouth to his. I started to pull away when he caught me by the face and brought his mouth crushing against mine. We toppled over at the fierceness of his kiss, and I couldn’t help but laugh as his fingers got caught in the hair at my nape. When he had dislodged himself from my web of tangles he grinned down at me.
“I didn’t ask about your day,” I said as he lowered himself over me, his eyes on my mouth.
Using both hands, he smoothed back my hair; his thumb brushed over my ear. 
“I don’t want to talk.” 
His eyes were on my mouth. In an instant I went from feeling like a child to the sexiest creature alive. He bent down and kissed me, taking me to a place that not even my daydreams could reach.

* * *
Chapter 20

* * *

I woke alone, sometime around eleven, bundled up in a cocoon of blankets. I don’t know what time we finally fell asleep. I licked my lower lip to find it tingly and a little chapped. I must have made up for fifteen years’ lack of making out in one night. Rolling onto my stomach, I pressed my face to the pillow and smiled. Every kiss that we shared made me feel more and more alive, more adventurous. And I learned very quickly that I didn’t need to have Moo’s level of experience to drive him wild. Moments before he left, he had to pry himself from my arms. He struggled to get out of bed (he was so tangled in the sheets that he fell to the floor).
“I gotta go, Es,” he’d said, his voice raw and husky. He’d leaned down to press a passionate kiss to my lips. “You’re driving me mad.” He then left wishing me sweet dreams.
God, it was magical.
I liked the way I felt twisted up in his arms.
“What base did you get to?”
I lifted my head to see Moo standing in the doorway, her hands wrapped around a large blue mug. She was still wearing her PJs and her hair was mussed with bed head. She came a few steps into the bedroom and then stopped short.
“Wait… are you naked under there?”
Am I? I lifted a blanket and saw that my t-shirt was twisted up around my belly, but I was fully clothed. Nothing had come off last night. 
“Nope.”
Smiling, Moo joined me on the bed. The scent of her coffee lured me into a sitting position. I unearthed my arms from the blankets and took the mug.
“So… what base?”
“We didn’t have sex,” I said. I felt the need to get that out quickly. Moo nodded once and hugged one of my pillows. I took a sip of coffee and sighed as the super sweet liquid rolled down my tongue. “What are the bases again?”
“First base is kissing, second base is a little petting, third is serious petting—minus some clothes and….”
“Second,” I decided.
“You touched him?” Moo giggled. I rolled my eyes, but my smile was just as big. So this is what we missed as sixteen-year-olds!
Moo blossomed at the end of our sophomore year and started going out on dates. By the end of junior year those dates often ended with a bang. While she was rolling around with boys, I had my own type of blossoming. I’d had boobs since elementary, so my change was a little different. I had learned how to do my makeup and dress for my body type. But when it came to sexual blossoming, well, I kinda skipped over that. While she dated, I stayed at home playing Boggle with Tio.
It was always a given that she’d fill me in on all the details afterward. At first she was a little reluctant to share. I think she would have kept things to herself, to save my feelings, had I not tortured them out of her. The conversations were always about kissing, how it felt, where he’d put his hands (always on her boobs, I might add). Soon she grew used to just telling me everything. In college her stories were much harder to listen to.
Moo and I had missed a lot of really these great girly moments when she was the only one dating. So, now it was my turn to fill her in on all the sexy little details of my midnight make out session with Caleb.
“I didn’t touch his thing…” I said, quietly. “He did most of the touching.”
Moo’s eyes grew four times their normal size. She pointed at my crotch her mouth open.
“NO!” I cried. “Not there.” Her finger lifted to my chest, she started pointing both fingers at both boobs. Somehow it turned into a brief finger pistol shooting my nipples game. “No, Moo, come on, stop it!” But my face was pretty hot and I was sure that she could tell I was blushing. There had been a bit of the over-the-shirt action, but I was feeling shockingly shy about it. Moo kept firing at my boobs. “Moo! Be an adult!”
She laughed. “Why didn’t you reciprocate?”
“Like I know how!” I cried. “What… like grab his… thing.”
“Oh god, you are so sixteen.”
“I know!” I wailed. “There was a whole awkward moment where I was like ‘stop, stop, I’m a baby, I’m not ready,’”
“You’re not a baby,” Moo said firmly. “There are plenty of—”
“If you say that there are plenty of twenty-six-year-olds out there who’ve never been with men, I’m going to slap you. Because that’s bullshit.” 
“Estela, there’s nothing wrong with that!” she cried. “It’ll happen when it’s supposed to happen. You’re not the type of person to just jump into it. He respects that and you. And as for what to do in the moment, just go with the flow. If you want to grab it, you grab it—err, gently.”
“Oh, really?” I asked, mock dumbfounded. “Really Moo? So, I should pet it like a puppy and not smack it around, huh?” She fell back with laughter while I rolled my eyes. “Okay,” I held up my hand. “I’ll do better next time.”
“Don’t be scared next time, Stela—he’s so into you.”
I sipped the coffee and watched the collection of cream and sugar at the bottom of the cup swirled up. I thought about making out with him and how he’d staggered away from me in the end a smile on his face. 
“I could have slept with him last night, Moo,” I said, remembering the feel of his erection against my leg. That was a first too.
“Really? But you said it only went to second and you didn’t even touch him.”
Well, it touched me. “I’m just saying that it could have happened… he was game.”
“Men usually are,” she said taking the coffee back. “You weren’t game?”
“No way!” The words flew out of me now just as they had last night. “Would you really support me sleeping with a guy that I barely know? He could have an STD or something….”
“I’m sure he doesn’t,” Moo smiled. “I would expect you use protection. Anyway, I don’t think Caleb’s had a serious relationship in years… and he’s not a guy who just sleeps around.”
“Like Adam?” I growled. “That disgusting pig.”
Moo pushed my shoulder and I flopped back down. “You should be careful of that, Stela. Caleb probably won’t like you taking digs at his brother all the time. Adam is a bit of a whore, isn’t he?”
“Just a bit.”
We sat quietly for a moment.
“Don’t you have to be at Java Loo?”
“No, I got a few days off in exchange to be the manager,” I said. Moo’s face lit up but I shook my head dismissively. “Richard dropped a bomb and told me that his final week starts on Saturday.”
“Are you serious… he’s leaving you to manage the shop?”
“Yeah.”
“What’s wrong, that’s great!”
“I don’t really know if I want to be a manager. It just seems so, permanent.”
“You could be my manager,” Moo said, coyly. I shook my head. This was not a new topic of discussion for us. She’d wanted me to play that role for a long, long time. “I think you’d be good at it.”
“Err, no,” I stammered. “I can manage a coffee house, not a supermodel.” 	
“Well… it’s been nearly three years since you graduated and started working there. Aren’t you ready to move up?”
“I don’t know.” 
“What are you scared of?”
“Not sure.”
The phone on the nightstand rang. Moo bent over backwards to pick it up.
“Hello?” I watched a pretty smile form on her face. She mouthed the word Jeremy, but I already knew it was him. He often made Moo smile like that. “Sure… okay, see you in a few. Okay, bye.”
“He’s bringing us lunch.” Moo wiggled her eyebrows. “He’s a great chef… you’re going to love it.” She slipped off the bed and headed for the door. Naturally, our girlfest ended with Moo distracted by a boy. I didn’t mind though, something about kissing and telling had rubbed me wrong. Caleb’s smell was still on my pillows. I pressed my face against the cloth and fell asleep.

***

“I believe this is where I left you five hours ago.” 
I lifted my head from the pillow and watched as Caleb entered my room. He was wearing dark wash jeans and a gray sweater. He smiled as he approached the bed. I felt like a lazy lump. I had been reading a Cosmo article on sex tips and had made very little effort to actually start the day. I had even had some of Jeremy’s pasta salad concoction brought to me in bed. If there was ever a time that I didn’t want to be caught in the epitome of laziness, this was it.
Caleb climbed onto the bed and stared down at me. I ran my tongue over my teeth and found them fuzzy. I set the magazine aside and rolled away from him, he caught my arm.
“I need a shower and a toothbrush.” He drew me close and I pressed my lips firmly together. He laughed and shook his head.
“I don’t require your lips.” He leaned in and ran his nose along my jaw. I felt like Jell-O as he kissed my neck. “I’ll settle for this hickey here.”
“What?” I jerked away my hand flying to my neck. “You… you gave me a hickey?” I scrambled out of bed and ran to the bathroom. Sure enough there was a heart-shaped, slightly purplish mark on my neck. I looked at Caleb in the mirror and saw him grinning. I lifted my hair and searched the rest of my neck, but there was only one mark. Was a hickey a rite of passage into adulthood or the mark of a whore? My mother would say whore. And if it was a rite of passage it came about fifteen years too late. I ran my finger over the spot that still damp with Caleb’s latest kiss.
“I can’t believe you gave me a hickey,” I said. He looked up from my magazine; he was propped up with pillows behind his back. I tried to remember if I’d put the magazine down so that it saved my place or if I’d closed it and tossed it aside. Was he reading the sex tips?
“Nice work, isn’t it?” He asked.
I took Cosmo out of his hand and closed it without looking to see what he’d been reading. “Payback is a bitch, sweetie,” I cooed.
He grinned. “Looking forward to it, Es…. I really am.”
Blushing, I ducked back into the bathroom and closed the door. Thirty minutes later, when I was showered and clean, I emerged from the bathroom to find Caleb gone. He was in the kitchen eating pasta salad with Moo. Their conversation stopped when I approached. I saw Moo’s eyes roam to my neck. I turned casually so she couldn’t see the hickey and opened the refrigerator. I grabbed a can of Diet Coke.
“Don’t let me stop you guys from hatching your next level in the game, Dupe Estela.”
“We weren’t talking about you, Stela.” Her voice was all high-pitched.
“I know you well enough to know that you’re lying, Moo… but it’s okay.” I went into the living room and sat down on the couch. Caleb sat down beside me a minute later. My eyes traveled to his mouth and I leaned in and kissed him.
I was comfortable initiating kisses with him now, but I hadn’t been last night. We worked through that issue with ease. Actually, we worked through a few things: I knew what he liked and didn’t like. One thing he particularly liked was a slow, deep kiss. He moaned into my mouth and leaned into me. I lifted my hand to cup his cheeks only to have him gasp and jerk back. His hands flew to his lap where I had dropped my Diet Coke. He righted it as the last of the brown liquid sloshed down the front of his pants.
“I’m so sorry!” I exclaimed as soda seeped into Moo’s opal couch cushion. “I forgot I was holding it.” Springing up, I ran to the kitchen for a towel. Moo emerged from the bathroom with a bottle of stain remover and a rag. Caleb was standing now, Diet Coke dripping from his pants to the floor. I pressed the towel against the cushion and sopped up as much of the drink as I could. Moo then took over with the cleaner.
Turning to Caleb, I said, “Take your pants off.”
His face went magenta. He was holding a pillow in front of him. He glanced at Moo and then at me and turned even redder.
“Oh!” I gasped.
“What?” Moo looked up. “What?”
“Nothing,” Caleb stammered, taking the towel when I offered it to him. He patted himself behind the pillow. This time my face was red. “I should go change.”
“I’m so sorry.”
“It’s okay, Es,” he said stepping around the couch. “I forgot you were holding it too.” He brushed a kiss to my cheek. “I’ll be back.”
I watched him leave, taking Moo’s pillow with him. When the door clicked Moo giggled. “He had a boner didn’t he?”
“Oh geez, I’m so stupid!” I cried.
“No this was good,” Moo said as she dabbed up the last of the stain. “I learned that the fabric protector I paid more for worked like a charm.” I stared at the wet mark on the couch; the stain had come up. “And you got a little taste of Caleb’s temperament.” 
“Huh?”
“Well, he didn’t jump up screaming at you, did he?”
I thought back to his initial reaction, which had been shocked, and yet calm at the same time. Moo was right. I had been with plenty of men who would have flown off the handle.
“What are you thinking?” Moo asked.
I sat down on the coffee table; my heart racing and my hands sweaty. “That I’ve finally found a good one.”
Moo hugged me tightly. “Yes you have,” she whispered. 
I was still staring at the sofa when Caleb came back, Adam was with him. I instantly bristled and then, remembering what Moo had said about not throwing jabs at Caleb’s twin, I smiled and waved. They were both wearing coats. My first reaction was to beg Caleb to stay with me, and my second was a litany of internal curses. The last thing I wanted to be was clingy.
“Are you going somewhere?”
“Brotherly bonding time,” Caleb murmured against my neck. “He’s pouting that I’ve been neglecting him.” 
“How you feeling today, Bean Hands?” 
I gritted my teeth together and nodded at Adam. For Caleb’s benefit, I was going to tolerate his brother. “I’m fine thanks.” 
Caleb drew back slowly and smiled. “I was wondering if you’d like to go to dinner with me tonight.” Is he asking me out? “I know a great seafood place, Moo said you liked seafood.”
“I love it,” I nodded. “That sounds great… um, is this place black tie?”
“Nah, it’s real casual—jeans and a sweater will do.” He pecked a kiss to my cheek, which felt a little too sisterly compared to what we’d just shared on the couch. “Pick you up at seven, okay?”
I nodded and walked them to the door. “Oh, Adam,” I called. Caleb’s twin turned and raised his eyebrows. It took everything for me to make the next words out of my mouth sound genuine. “I just wanted to say thanks for yesterday.”
“I didn’t do anything,” he said flatly.
I smiled. No, you certainly didn’t do anything but cause me trouble, Baboon. I shrugged a little. “Well… you were there at least, so thanks.”
“Sure, whatever.” Adam slapped Caleb’s shoulder. “Let’s go—my stomach’s eatin’ itself.”
“See you at seven,” Caleb called over his shoulder. I watched them until they rounded the corner, and then turned to call for Moo. She was standing behind me pulling on her coat.
“Ready?” She asked, grabbing her clutch.
“For what?”
“You need to go shopping for tonight, right? That’s why you were calling me.” She handed me my coat. “So what do you need? New panties I’m assuming. And probably new jeans too—those are just way too big on you.” I looked down at my baggy jeans.
“I’m sure I have clothes now that will work,” I said, putting my coat on before she could dress me in it herself. 
“We should probably get you a nice yellow sweater—your eyes really pop with yellow. And definitely a haircut.” I grabbed my still damp hair and gave Moo a horrified look. “Okay, no cutting, but a trim is definitely in order.” I smiled. Good ol’ Moo. As I buttoned up my coat, struggling with the big buttons and the holes that just seemed too small, Moo leaned in to peer at my face.
“Holy shit, your eyebrows look like the Amazon bush!” she cried. I blushed. Guess I hadn’t learned much during my blossoming years after all. Rolling my eyes, I swatted at her, grinning when she ducked out of the way. “Really though,” she said as we locked up her apartment. “Samantha’s gonna have to take a machete to those things.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” I muttered. “Let’s not go too crazy here. I want to look like myself.”
“You will,” Moo said. “Just… less unibrow-y.”
I moaned, wondering just what Caleb saw in me in the first place.

* * *
Chapter 21

* * *

Six-thirty rolled around quickly. Moo and I had barely made it back to the apartment in time for me to change without ruining my trimmed and blow-dried hair. I stared at myself in the mirror, a little ‘oh’ of shock on my lips.
Do I even look like me anymore?
I’d put my foot down when Samantha tried to make me up into some model goddess. We compromised and settled on a little mascara and liner. I was shocked at how much those two things could bring out the honey brown color of my eyes. My eyebrows were shaped and the redness definitely was gone now, as promised. Above all, I think I was most startled by the fit of my new outfit. Moo had insisted I try a size down from what I normally wear and they fit me perfectly. Maybe Donut Hole really was shrinking.
We shopped all afternoon. I had bought a lot of clothes, and Moo bought me a lot of clothes. Between the two of us, I had a new wardrobe and I couldn’t really justify all the purchases. But Moo was insistent that I needed more color in my life. So I bought greens, pinks, yellows, and reds. Moo would probably die when she saw that I had decided to wear my new jeans and a long black cashmere sweater. It was fitted—something I normally didn’t do—and so well cut that I was really feeling the curvy shape of my hips and breasts. The stylist who had trimmed my hair gave me layers and sorta flipped the ends so they curled like Caleb’s.
I couldn’t stop staring at myself.
“Hey, Caleb’s here.” Moo said as she came into the room. She stopped short a few feet from me. “Oh my god, you look so beautiful!”
“Thanks,” I said quietly. “I do look kinda different huh?”
“Well… clothes that fit your shape are always helpful.” Moo stared at me hard. “I’m coveting your hips, Stela, I want them.” I looked at her with a raised eyebrow and coughed as she sprayed me with some floral perfume. “Go to him,” Moo whispered, handing me a new purse. (She demanded that I get it to replace my sequined “monstrosity,” and when I didn’t, she bought it for me.) “And we’ll talk about the black sweater later.” I smiled and left the bedroom.
Caleb was in the foyer jiggling his keys and shifting back and forth. I smiled at what seemed to be nervousness, glad I wasn’t the only one.
He wore charcoal grey slacks, black boots, and a black pea coat. He turned when I said hello. I set my purse down and picked up my new black and ridiculously expensive coat. If I didn’t spill fish juice on it tonight, I was taking it back. I fixed the collar and was about to button it up when Caleb grabbed my hands. He stepped close and opened my coat to look at me. I felt my entire body flush with blood. I started to squirm. His fingers increased their grip. I had a hard time looking at him at that moment; seeing the heat in his eyes and his parted lips made me want to jump him, just like Jeremy had Moo right here in this spot. 
Caleb’s green eyes lifted to mine and he smiled.
“You look beautiful, Es,” his voice trembled as he spoke.
“Thanks.” I tried to slip away, but he stopped me with a kiss. A long one that lingered on my lips for some time afterward.
“Will you come with me to my apartment for a minute?” His fingers slipped over my shoulders as he removed my coat.
“For a quickie?” I giggled nervously and clamped my mouth shut. I needed to stop talking about booty calls and quickies or he might think I was really.
“Eventually… probably… yes,” he murmured. “No… for something else.” He laid my coat across the back of the couch and took my hand. “Trust me?”
I smiled to keep from shaking my head.
Caleb was quiet on the way up to his floor. His fingers opened and closed around mine. He shifted back and forth and looked anywhere but at me. I stared at him curiously. He smelled amazing. I wanted to be closer to that smell. I wanted to touch that smell. When the elevator doors opened he pulled me out and down the hall to his apartment.
“Is Adam here?”
“Yup.”
He pushed the door open and I saw Adam on the sofa watching football. He gave us a questioning look and then smiled and began laughing. 
“What’s so funny?” I demanded as Caleb pulled me through the living room and down the hall to his studio. “What was he laughing at?”
“I don’t care.” Caleb opened the doors and led me inside. My eyes burned the moment he turned on the studio lights. After a moment of adjustment, I took in my surroundings. The room was quite big, twice the size of Moo’s living room. Half of it was the actual set with a green screen against the wall and white curtains hanging from the ceiling. The other half was full of props and furniture. The photography lamps hummed as Caleb flipped them on. I watched as he took off his coat and turned on his computers.
I watched curiously. Maybe he had some last minute things to do that he forgot about. I didn’t mind if he needed to work a little bit. The studio at least was a familiar place to be in; sitting alone at a restaurant, trying to make small talk was not. While he fiddled with a camera, I roamed around the props. There were racks of costumes, toys, big wooden blocks, mannequins, odd looking furniture, crates and trunks of miscellaneous camera equipment, and other things that I didn’t recognize. The mixture told me a lot about the kind of photographer he had been or was now.
A big black feather boa wrapped around the neck of dress model form caught my eye. I pulled it off and wrapped it around my neck.
“Es,” Caleb’s voice brought me around. I glanced at the camera in his hand. “Come here.” I went to him; a tingle of warmth rushed through me at the heat in his gaze. “I want to take your picture.”
I snapped back into reality and frowned. “Why?” I might have snapped the word because he laughed a little. “Seriously, why?” I’d rather be strangled by this feather boa than pose for pictures. I’m not Moo.
“I’m inspired… just a few, okay? It’ll be painless.” He took my hand. His fingers were like fire against my skin. He drew me to his set where he had placed a simple black velvet chase lounge in front of the white curtain. He turned me around to face the lights; I squinted and frowned at him. He unwrapped the boa from my neck and tossed it onto the ground. “Have fun with it, okay?”
“You’re not going to Photoshop me naked and sell the shots on eBay, are you?”
Caleb smiled and took a few steps back. He held up his camera and snapped the first picture. The lights blinked at me and I felt slightly dizzy. I put my hands on my head and he snapped another picture.
“This is weird,” I said after a moment. What did he want me to do, lay down on the chase, spread eagle? I picked up my boa and wrapped it around my neck again. “This isn’t weird to you?”
“You’re just tense—no one’s going to see these pictures but me.”
I wasn’t sure if that was creepy or not. I put my hands on my hips and he snapped another. “Do you take a lot of pictures for your personal collection, Caleb? Do you have a wall of pictures of women you crave?”
He laughed and I smiled—he snapped another picture. “Get your head out of TV and Movieland, Es, and give me a pose. Give me a Moo pose.”
“What like this?” I gave him the sexiest look I could muster and he snapped pictures in quick succession which had me laughing. He took a few steps toward me, and I moved back holding my hands up.
“Give me another Moo pose.” He lowered his camera from his eye. I took another step backwards and tripped over the chase. With a startled cry, I landed on my back and shoulder, my legs sticking up. Although the pain was intense, I couldn’t help laughing. Caleb moved the chase so he could take an unobstructed picture of me. I smoothed my hair back from my face and stared up at him as he towered above me with his monstrous camera. He clicked a few more shots before he lowered the camera. “God, Es, you’re so beautiful.”
His words went straight to my heart. 
“T-thank you,” I stammered.
Smiling, he helped me to my feet and led me back to his computer monitors. A photo capture program was organizing all of the pictures he had just shot into a folder on the desktop. I almost didn’t want to look at myself, but I couldn’t look away either. Caleb enlarged a picture and I could hardly believe it was me. My eyes seemed brighter, my smile big and honest. Holy shit, I kinda look like one of those girls pretending to be in love but—
“This is how I see you,” Caleb said, putting his camera down. 
“I don’t look like that,” I said. He drew me close.
“Sure you do,” Caleb murmured as he held me. “I haven’t had time to retouch them or anything. Your beauty is natural, Es. I have to retouch Moo’s photos all the time—she can give me great shots like these, but she too needs her touch ups. These are perfect.” He moved to a different picture, one of me pretending to be sexy Moo. I pressed my face to his shoulder and moaned. Caleb drew me back. “Look at this one.” I hesitated before glancing at the screen. I was laughing, my hands on my head. “Look how beautiful you are.” He sat down and silently flipped through the rest of the pictures. “I could take pictures of you all day, Es, I really think I could.”
I ran my fingers through his hair. It was a completely ballsy thing to do, but my hand just went to his head. Leaning back, his eyes swept up and down my body. For once in my life the look didn’t make me cringe with disgust.
“Should we go eat?” I asked. “Or maybe I can squeeze into that little kid convertible!”
I raced across the studio to his prop corner and began tugging the white plastic car out of hiding. Caleb helped me get it out and redecorate the set. 
By the time we left his studio we’d missed our reservation by two hours. Caleb acted cool about it all and quickly kicked plan C into action. We headed over to the posh 61 Club just off Times Square. We were led right in and shown a private table. After having so much fun in his studio, I didn’t mind the private table and only felt a tiny bit nervous. After Caleb ordered a bottle of wine, the owner came up to our table and chatted with Caleb for a few minutes before telling us to enjoy ourselves. I ordered mahi-mahi while Caleb went with salmon. We then sat back in the booth and chatted about random things, sipping wine. I learned that his favorite color was yellow and that he liked the numbers thirty-four and seven for no particular reason other than he liked the way they sounded. I don’t remember laughing so hard or being so comfortable with a man in my entire life.
With our meal and dessert long gone and the space between us on the booth gobbled up, I felt warm from the wine and his company, and a little anxious about how the evening would end. Caleb must have sensed this because he drew me close.
“What’s going on in that complicated head of yours?”
The wine made my lips loose. “I’m feeling slightly overwhelmed right now.”
“Really?”
“Yes… this is all so new to me.” His eyes moved slowly over my face and dropped to my mouth. I took the initiative and pressed a gentle, closed-mouth kiss to his lips. When I pulled away, he leaned in. “It’s difficult to not fall hard and fast.” He nodded again, his eyes still on my mouth. “And… I guess I’m just really struggling with the why.” 
He looked into my eyes then and picked up his wine glass. He took a sip before saying, “So you being a beautiful woman isn’t enough?”
My smile wavered. When he said it like that I felt a little silly and immature. 
“It’s so easy to fall into the trap of negative thoughts whenever you want one thing and get another your entire life.” I touched his hair again, for the seventh time that night. “Maybe I shouldn’t ask this… but, can you answer?”
“The why?” he asked. He kissed me when I nodded. He then settled back, stretching his legs out under the table. “I guess it started with curiosity.” I waited for him to elaborate, hoping that the next words out of his mouth weren’t: I wanted to know if big women were just as good in the sack as twig-sized women. His arm slid around my middle. I settled at his side and allowed his hand to remain on my hip. The weirdness of him holding me was slowly melting away.
“Molia and I had been shooting in the Keys for days—it was the third day of a really difficult shoot. She wasn’t giving me what I needed; she was phoning it in, as they say. I was feeling stressed because a lot was riding on the photo shoot for me too since I was so young and new; it was my first break as a photographer and creative director. She was just so sad all the time, crying in between takes, getting into arguments with her manager. She was giving me fake Molia, and I wanted the real one.
“We were approaching the end of our last day… we hadn’t been on the beach yet and I really wanted Molia to use her surroundings to her advantage. She wasn’t giving me anything. We were in the middle of shots when you arrived on the set. And I saw this light go off in her eyes when she saw you. She was so damn happy and excited that I was able to get my shots. Those shots won me some national recognition I might add—so thanks.”
I smiled and bowed my head, “It’s my pleasure to serve you.”
Caleb grinned. “Like a sex slave?”
I must have gone really red because he blushed as well and hurried on.
“Anyway… I stood there and watched as you two jumped around with excitement. I saw the love in Molia’s eyes for you and you for her.” Caleb’s hand moved slowly down my side; my arm hairs stood on end. “I was curious to know what it felt like.” 
“What, what felt like?”
“To be so excited and so in love with someone else like that,” Caleb answered. “My past attempts at finding that kind of love have failed. So, I figured you must be the key. That if I could just get in to your life like Molia was, I’d know. And so….” He sighed dramatically. “I pined for you until I hit pay dirt and found a back door into your world. And then Molia caught on and decided to help me.”
“I’m glad Moo was generous in sharing me,” I said. I certainly hadn’t been that willing to share her with Jeremy. “But, it’ll be very, very hard to get to her level in my life. Moo’s kinda… on a pedestal of awesomeness. I’d die for her.”
“Yeah, I’m sensing that,” Caleb said. “But I plan to persevere.” His voice dropped low. “So… I was thinking that we could have another long make out session tonight… my bed.”
“Maybe,” I murmured coyly.
He smiled and bent to kiss me again when we were interrupted.
“Hello, Caleb.”
I turned my head. Three long, leggy, busty, immaculately dressed models stood before us. The leader of the small group of hotness was Kat Miller. I hadn’t seen her since Moo’s party (not that I particularly wanted to see her). Tonight she seemed like a black-haired, blue-eyed goddess, standing with one hand on her nonexistent hip, her little fashion purse hung from a strap around her wrist. She really did look like she was out of the cover of Vogue (although, she would probably never appear on or in that magazine). In her other hand she held a purple martini. The others with her were just as beautiful and stared at me with a disdain I could almost taste.
Something shifted in Caleb. He didn’t move away from me, but his body tensed. I could feel it coming off him in pulses. I tried to slip over a few inches, but his arm locked around my waist. He smiled at me and then looked at the women.
“Kat, hi.” He bent his head to whisper in my ear. “I’m sorry, Es.” I didn’t have time to ask him why he was sorry. The demon explained it.
“So… you’d rather paw all over a fat Mexican than be with me?”
Holy shit, this is actually happening—she actually said those words out loud. I tried to pull away from him, but his fingers bit into my side.
“Leave, Kat,” Caleb said firmly.
She laughed bitterly and swayed. She was drunk. I wasn’t making excuses for her, but I understood where some of the biting words had come from. Sensing something worse about to happen, I turned to Caleb.
“I can go.”
He frowned at me. “What? Don’t be ridiculous.”
I didn’t think I was being ridiculous. I’d just go to the ladies room, reapply lip gloss, pee, wash my hands, and then I’d come back and Kat would be gone and we could start up our conversation again.
Kat stepped forward, wobbling a little on her obnoxiously-high heels. “Caleb, you said you didn’t date women you worked with, but here I find you with the help.” 
A maid joke? I rolled my eyes because I had heard that one a few times in the past, especially in high school where the quip had been for me to clean up any spill. Racist maid jokes didn’t bother me. No… it was the fat barbs that hurt most. 
“I date beautiful, generous, and kind women,” Caleb said firmly. “Please leave….”
“She’s got nothing on me!” Kat cried. 
“She outweighs you by about a hundred pounds,” another sneered. The other made quiet, but obvious, snorting noises.
Seriously, people don’t act like this for real. Where’s the hidden camera?
They all laughed. Other club goers were starting to look in our direction. Sweat began tickling against my spine and at my temples. This was Maria’s Tacos all over again.
“All right,” I said, “you’ve made your point.”
“No, I haven’t even started,” Kat spat, tottering again. One of her friends caught her before she crashed into our table.
Caleb’s hand on my side suddenly felt like fire. When I slid away from him, he followed me. We had long paid our bill and I was more than happy to get out of there. He helped me into my coat. He then slid his hand around to the nape of my neck and pulled my hair free of the collar. His fingers lingered against my skin. I looked into his eyes and saw only concern there. He kissed me, right in front of Kat. My knees went a little weak.
Kat grabbed Caleb’s arm and pulled him toward her. He pried her fingers off and addressed the dark-skinned gazelle behind her. “Honestly, Ramona, you can’t control her?”
“Well…” Kat sighed, running her fingers down his chest. “When you’ve got a taste for the fatties out of your system you know where to find me. See you soon, Caleb.” With one last sneer, she and her minions walked off. Ramona glanced over her shoulder with a look of regret, perhaps remorse.
I couldn’t take my eyes off Kat. I flinched when Caleb took my face in his warm hands and forced me to look at him. His green eyes were so piercing that I struggled to look away. He wouldn’t let me. He pressed his forehead against mine.
“Come back to me, okay, Es?” His thumb brushed against my cheek, smearing something—tears. I was crying. Shit, when did this happen? I grabbed my napkin from the table and found a clean spot. I dabbed away the tears and took a few deep breaths.
“It took me a while to get you out of your shell,” he said softly. “I’ll dig again, but I want you to come willingly.” He kissed me soundly and then wrapped my scarf around my neck. I watched as he put his own coat on. He then took my hand and led me out of the 61 Club. He was approached by a few other people on our way out, they all gave me an appraising look, but no one else made comments about my weight or asked why Caleb was slumming with the Mexican help.
Stupid bitch.
“Did you bring gloves?” Caleb asked as we walked down the steps. The temperature had certainly dropped and it was starting to smell like snow. I shook my head no and put my hands in my pockets. “Es?” I turned and looked at him. “I hope you don’t think I brought you here to hurt you….”
“No,” I said quickly. That was my last thought. “No, I had a really good time—leading up to….”
“…Kat Miller,” he finished. “I’ve worked with her several times. She doesn’t like it that I’m not interested.”
No shit. Kat was a few years younger than Moo and me, and a serious up-in-comer in the modeling world. I wasn’t surprised that Caleb knew her. 
He drew me away from the crowd waiting to get in to the club.
“I don’t think the way she thinks.” 
“I know.” I took a deep breath and shook myself. Determined, I grabbed his hand. “We’re not taking steps back here, Caleb, I promise. I was just….” I didn’t want to say humiliated and embarrassed. I wanted to at least seem a little in control of things. “She caught me off guard, that’s all. It’s true that I’m fat and….”
“Es,” Caleb sighed heavily.
“No… I know what I am and I know what I’m not!” I said firmly. “I don’t need to be coddled and I don’t need to have my weight sugar coated.” I shook my head. “You and Moo…. I know what I am.”
“And I know who I am and who I like,” he said just as firmly. “This isn’t a game to me. I wouldn’t be standing here with you if I didn’t absolutely want to be here. Estela, you get me excited with a simple look.” I glanced away, blushing and smiling, and wanting to giggle like a sixteen-year-old. “After last night and this afternoon on the couch, I think you know how attracted I am to you.” He tugged me to him and I couldn’t help but laugh. “Come on. Let’s get the hell out of here.”
I nodded, more than happy to do so.
As we walked, Caleb felt the need to tell me more about how Kat was into him. I didn’t really want to hear, but listened regardless.
“She came onto me during my first shoot with her a few months ago,” he said, his breath freezing on the air. “I told her flat out that I wasn’t interested.”
“Why not? She’s…”
“If you say hot, I swear I’m going to shoot myself,” he grumbled.
“Well….”
“Kat is not my type,” Caleb said. “She lives to put others down—ask Molia. You wouldn’t believe how many barbs Kat’s shot at her about being one of the oldest models still working the runway. And she can’t understand how Molia, who’s never had plastic surgery or starved herself, can still look so damn good.”
“She does do a little something every once in a while,” I whispered so only he could hear me.
“Botox doesn’t count. And she really shouldn’t do that.”
“I know! We’ve gotten into fights about it.”
Caleb drew me to him as we passed another couple hurrying along, complaining about the cold. Even when they’d passed he didn’t put more space between us. I looped my arm around his waist and our steps synchronized. “Kat’s spoiled and just can’t stand not getting something she wants.”
“Maybe we could introduce Dr. Pervo to her?”
Caleb laughed hard. The sound rumbled up in his chest and vibrated against me. “There’s the car… let’s go do something to forget all about Kat.”
“Like what?” I asked. I wasn’t sure if there was anything to get those words out of my head. “But no donuts… I’m trying to stay away from those.” He smiled like he didn’t believe me and opened the passenger door of his BMW.
“Okay… no donuts,” he said just before closing the door. He had a look in his eye that I didn’t quite trust.


* * *
Chapter 22

* * *

He took me to the ice skating rink at Rockefeller Center. I hadn’t been there since Moo and I were kids. She took figure skating lessons while I zoomed around at breakneck speeds, crashing into the side walls. When Moo’s lessons were over we’d spent hours twirling about—she taught me everything she learned. The rink and building were decorated for Christmas. Thanksgiving was next week, but I’d always preferred Christmas and felt a familiar nostalgic twinge gazing up at the towering pine tree. Once decorated and full of lights, the entire place would really sing.
I put our shoes together in a cubby and then slipped on the size ten skates Caleb had rented for me. I twisted the shoelaces up and tied them securely. Caleb fumbled around pathetically until I knelt down and did up his laces. I then had to basically carry him to the ice.
“Haven’t you done this before?” I laughed as he wobbled.
“Um, yes, but…” He grabbed me the moment his right skate hit the ice and his leg shot out. We almost tumbled together, but I managed to right him. “I’ve rollerbladed, it’s the same right?”
I wasn’t sure as I had never rollerbladed in my life. “I guess we’ll see.” 
I was shocked that my skills returned to me after over fifteen years. I pushed ahead of Caleb, testing myself a little more, which is when I heard someone fall behind me. I circled back, finding Caleb sprawled on his back. I shuffled closer and stared down at him. He blinked a few times before he slowly sat up.
“Okay, this might have been a bad idea.”
I helped him to his feet and let out a little scream of fear as he wobbled and fell into me.  Somehow we managed to stay upright on our skates. I moved him to the edge of the rink and proceeded to give him a lesson just like Moo had done for me. We weren’t more than halfway around when he fell for the seventh time. I laughed and hoisted my arms under his. 
“I think you’re thinking too much,” I said hugging him from behind to steady him on his feet. When he stopped tottering, I put my hands on his waist. One of his hands covered mine. “You’re not paying attention to the ice.”
“You’re right, I am distracted.” He turned slowly in my arms, wobbling and grabbing me for balance. His cheeks were red from the cold and the exertion. He drew me close and smiled. “This is fun.”
“You think?” I asked feeling a bit skeptical. “You’re going to have bruises all over.”
“I know,” he sighed, “and my butt is numb from the cold.” He pulled me flush against him, his arms snaking around my body so I couldn’t get away. “But this… this is fun.” He kissed me softly and I felt the blood rush to my cheeks. “You’re pink.” He murmured against my ear, I could feel him smiling. I felt warm all over. “Are you cold?”
“Not anymore,” I murmured. “You have a great tendency to completely warm me up.”
“Yeah? Magic fingers.”
“Magic lips,” I murmured just as he kissed me again. 
“GET A ROOM!” A group of teenage boys shouted in unison as they whizzed by on their skates. I smiled as Caleb stared down at my mouth. Moving up onto the toe-picks of my skates I kissed him again. His tongue swept over mine before he pulled back suddenly.
“Let’s go,” Caleb’s voice was husky and deep; I shivered.
“We’ve only been here for a few minutes.”
“I know… but I want to get you home and… warm.” Something in his voice made my knees weak. Or maybe it was the suggestiveness of his comment, either way I wanted to say yes and take off, but I couldn’t. Going home now would certainly lead to second base quickly—if not third. I wasn’t ready for third. Hell, my mind was still spinning from sliding into second last night; I wasn’t sure if I could process yet another make out session so closely together.
“I’m warm now,” I whispered. “Besides, we have to go around a few times to get our money’s worth.”
“You’re right.” Caleb skated around me in an easy and confident circle. His hand came against my waist as he nuzzled my hair with his nose and then pushed me forward. Soon we were whizzing around the rink at a speed that I never thought either of us would master. He took his hands off my hips and skated around me; holding both of my hands he skated backwards. 
“You’re such a liar!” I cried as he moved all around me like a pro. “You’re an excellent skater.” He gave me an “oh well” shrug and pulled me along.
He smiled sheepishly. “The lessons were very nice.” He drew me close and we coasted to a stop, his back against the rink wall. “I loved feeling your arms around me; squeezing me to keep me from falling… it was very nice.”
I blushed and laughed. “So where did you learn to skate?”
“I played hockey from the time I was seven through college.”
I slapped his chest with both hands. He grinned and skated around me like he was skipping around the sidewalk or strolling along the beach. He took my hand and we made another slow loop.
“Why don’t you skate now?”
“I’d love to pick up a local team, but I don’t have time.” He came to an abrupt stop and I slammed against his chest. We were standing in the middle of the rink where a few little girls were twirling around—they reminded me of Moo. I felt Caleb’s eyes on me, but for some reason I couldn’t look at him. And then he touched my face.
“How about we turn in our skates and go get some hot chocolate?” 
“Sounds good,” I said.
He slowly released me and took my hand we skated to the edge of the rink. We found an open bench and changed out of the skates. “Looks like the line for hot chocolate’s pretty long… why don’t you turn in the skates and I’ll get in line?” Nodding, I zipped up my boots and took our skates to the rental counter. It took only a few minutes to check them back in and by that time Caleb had made little to no progress in the hot chocolate line.
I stood back to watch him chat with the man and his daughter who were in line ahead of him. There were snow and ice chips stuck to the back of Caleb’s coat. He’d gathered up quite the accumulation falling nearly a dozen times. He was too cute, pretending that he didn’t know a thing about skating. As I approached, Caleb smiled at me.
“You have snow on your butt.”
“Do I?” He brushed it away and then drew me against him. I laid my head on his shoulder and closed my eyes. “So… have you thought about it anymore?”
“About what?”
“Coming back to my place,” he answered. I lifted my head. I didn’t want to hurt his feelings saying no, and I certainly didn’t want him to lose interest.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea,” I said after a moment. “I don’t want to rush.”
“I don’t want to either,” he said. “You’re right. This line’s too long. Let’s get cocoa somewhere else.” He offered me his arm and I happily linked elbows with him.  
He had parked his car a several blocks away from the rink, so I was cold and eager for hot chocolate by the time we reached it. We drove about thirty blocks and then parked along the street. I was halfway out of the car when Caleb came around and pulled the door open. “I was going to get the door for you.” 
“Oh…” I said. “Sorry… I’m used to doing it myself, but thanks.” 
He smiled. “You’re welcome.”
Taking my hand, we walked a few stores down to a twenty-four-hour café called Mollie’s. Caleb ordered two hot chocolates and a hot apple pie with vanilla ice cream, which we shared in a small booth at the back. We stayed there for hours, talking and laughing at the most random things about our families and lives. He had another brother, Jacob, who lived in Washington where Caleb was born and raised. Jacob, a widower who remarried and had three kids, two from his previous marriage, was a large-animal vet. His parents bred horses and hounds for a living and were extremely successful on the west coast.
“What about your family? Adam said he really liked your uncle.”
“I love my uncle. His name is Sylvester, but I call him Tio,” I said. “I don’t know who my birth father is. I was the product of a short-lived affair that my mother refuses to talk about. I have one cousin, Jorge. Well, I have a lot of cousins, but Jorge’s immediate family.”
“Your family’s from Mexico?”
I nodded. “I’m first generation U.S. citizen, my mother, aunt, and uncle became citizens pretty quickly after we moved to Queens. Moo’s family moved into the empty house beside ours when we were seven and it was all over after that. She’s a sister to me.”
“What does your mother do?”
“She’s a manager at the grocery store where my aunt works,” I answered. I touched my cheek. Her hits hadn’t left a bruise, but I could still feel an ache from time to time. “I don’t really want to talk about my mother.”
He took my hand. “You’re an only child?”
I nodded. “Mother never married or had any more kids—she may have had her tubes tied.  She went out of her way to let me know that I was a mistake and that she had never planned to have children.”
“Ouch. I’m sorry.”
“Me too,” I sighed. “But… I guess it doesn’t really matter. Tia did what my mother wouldn’t—or couldn’t—so I don’t feel deprived.” I did, but I wasn’t ready to admit that to anyone. 
“Do you want kids, Es?”
“Not sure,” I said honestly. “If I turn into my mother, then God no, but if I’m more like my aunt and uncle, then yes… yes.” He smiled and nodded. “But it’s inevitable that we turn into our parents, Caleb.”
“I don’t think you’re like your mother….”
“You don’t know her,” I pointed out. “We kind of look alike,” I realized. 
“I still don’t think you’re like her,” he said.
I added more marshmallows to my cup. “What about you? Kids?”
He smiled and nodded. “Yeah, I definitely want some.” I watched as he took a sip of his hot chocolate and finished the last bite of our apple pie.
The café was dead, and from the inattentiveness of our waitress, I didn’t think she was used to having customers. She was probably in the back watching bad TV movies on Lifetime. I discretely glanced at the clock, it was past three in the morning. I was a little shocked that we’d been sitting there for so long. The exhaustion hit me hard. 
“Caleb…”
“You’re tired,” he nodded. “Me, too. Come on.” He slid out of the booth first and then helped me.  
“I had a great time,” I murmured. He responded with a long kiss. He pulled my coat together and began fastening the buttons. I watched as his long, perfect fingers carefully pushed one button through its matching slot. My heart jumped each time his fingers moved down my front. Thank God the damn coat fit me and I didn’t have to strain or suck in to get it closed! He wrapped my scarf around my neck and used it to pull me close. Why did everything have to be so damn sensual? I was sweating beneath my wool and cashmere layers. He let me go long enough to put on his coat. I was watching him when something in the front window, a flash of color, or a bit of light, caught my eye. My heart squeezed because, for a moment, I thought I saw someone peering in.
I gasped.
“What’s wrong?” Caleb asked.
“Nothing,” I said, stepping into his arms. I pressed my mouth to his. When the kiss ended, Caleb brushed his knuckle along my cheek.
“Ready to go?”
I shook my head no. “But I’m too tired to stay here anymore.” Caleb put his arm around me and led me outside. Thick snow was falling. I tilted my face up and let the snowflakes melt against my skin. I caught a few on my tongue and smiled at the crisp smell of the air.
“I’d like to take more pictures of you soon,” Caleb said.
I looked at him. “More?”
“A lot more.” 
“So… you’re my Leonardo DiCaprio and I’m your Kate Winslet like in Titanic?” I pressed myself against a building and posed.
“Nude shots,” he said, considering it. “I’ve never done nudes before.”
I blushed. “I might be okay with nudes one day.”
“Oh really,” Caleb said with excitement.
“Um, in like ten years, maybe,” I blurted out. 
He opened the passenger door for me and I scooted in, trying hard not to plop myself down. After the door was closed I watched him walk around the hood. He stopped short near the front wheel and then bent down to examine it. I watched as he moved to the back wheel. He then ran his hands through his hair; a large white gust of air escaped his mouth and froze before fading away. Something was wrong. I pushed the door open and stepped out.
“What—”
“My tires are slashed.” 
I looked at the front right tire and then the back, both were pancake flat. Caleb’s side was the same. Wide awake, I hugged myself and watched as Caleb took out his cell phone. He paced up and down the street while talking to an insurance company, I supposed. A cold wind blew snow between my scarf and neck. Shivering, I looked up and down the street wondering how far we would need to walk before we saw a taxi.
“Okay… let’s go back to the diner,” Caleb said closing his phone. “It’s too cold out here to wait for the tow truck. I’ll call a cab inside too.” 
“Shouldn’t we call the police?” All four tires flat—no way could that be an accident. 
“I’m not sure that they could do much,” he said. 
“Caleb, the tires were slashed and—”
“Let’s go inside, you’re shivering,” he interrupted. I didn’t like that he was shutting down my concern so much, but I was cold. He drew me away from the car. “It’s okay, I promise. It’s fine.”
Across the street, between two buildings, someone was watching us. I wouldn’t have seen him, except a reflective spark, like a mirror glinting in the sun, hit my eyes. Squinting, I saw the figure of a man step back into the dark recess of the alley. The silver shimmer of a knife blade disappeared with him.

* * *
Chapter 23

* * *

I didn’t tell Caleb what I saw. 
Maybe I hadn’t really seen anything, and if I had, I didn’t want him storming out to investigate. Not when the person had a knife. 
I glanced up from my fresh cocoa when the flashing lights of a tow truck appeared on the street. It took about twenty minutes for the BMW to be hoisted up onto the truck bed. We then piled in with the driver and paid him ten dollars to take us a few blocks down to where we could easily catch a cab. Caleb seemed calm about the whole tire slashing situation, but I couldn’t help but worry about what I may or may not have seen. To slash someone’s tires was to send a strong message: Back the fuck off. There was only one person who would want to send that kind of message and it wasn’t Kat Miller.
You know who it was, Estela, my inner voice was reproachful. You know Dr. Pervo was out there. He’s been there watching you all night long.
“I feel like it’s my fault,” I said as the elevator took us up to Moo’s floor an hour later. It was nearing five in the morning, but I was wide awake. “About your tires, I mean.”
“Did you slash them?” Caleb asked his voice deep and tired. He’d nearly fallen asleep against me in the cab and still looked about ready to pass out.
“No, of course I not.”
“Then it’s not your fault.” I felt his fingers rubbing my side. 
He was always so calm! I wondered if he ever lost his temper... maybe that was something I didn’t want to see.
“What if it was Dr. Pervo?”
Something sparked in Caleb’s eyes; I didn’t think he’d thought of that scenario. He lifted his arm from my waist and wrapped it around my shoulders. He gave his head a little shake. I think he only said no to make me feel better about the situation. If anything, I felt worse. Dr. Pervo had been in the alley. Who knew how long he’d been following us, or what he saw. But his craziness had just escalated and I would never forgive myself if something bad were to happen to Caleb because the man my mother and aunt had set me up with was truly insane.
Oh god, what if he doesn’t want anyone to have me? What if he kills everyone I love? What if he kills me to keep others from loving me?
Outside Moo’s apartment door I turned to face Caleb. I didn’t want to go in yet. I didn’t want the evening to end on such a bad note. I put my arms around his neck. I wasn’t sure how long we stood there making out. When he finally pulled away, I wanted to invite him in. I wanted another hickey on my neck. And if not a hickey, I wanted to experience the next sexual rite of passage... third base.
Just as I was about to ask him in, he stepped back. Date over.
“Where’s your key?” His voice had that familiar husky edge to it that made me tremble.
I pulled my keys from my purse and handed the right one to him. He unlocked Moo’s door and reached in past me to flick on the foyer lights. His hand moved down to the small of my back as he eased me inside and away from him.
“Caleb….”
“Goodnight, Es,” he interrupted as he leaned in for one last kiss. “Can I see you tomorrow?”
“Do you mean like in a few hours or do you actually mean tomorrow?” I asked. “And you don’t have to ask to see me.”
He glanced at his watch. “It’s five thirty in the morning,” he said with a startled laugh. “Wow… I hadn’t realized. I have such a long day ahead too. Why don’t you come upstairs in a few hours and have breakfast with me?”
“Yes, that would be great.”
“Eleven thirty?” 
I nodded. “Goodnight.” He nodded and gave me a little wave before walking away.
Closing Moo’s door, I turned the locks and slid the chain across. The apartment was dark and Moo’s bedroom door was wide open. I walked to it and peeked in—she wasn’t home. I took off my coat and hung it up and then dropped onto the sofa. I thought that the adrenaline in my system would keep me up for a long time, but I was asleep within minutes, my lips still tingling.

***

“Wakey, wakey,” Moo sang. Something tickled my nose. “Stela. Wake up.”
“Nooooo.”
I was covered in two thick quilts, a fluffy pillow under my head. I wasn’t sure how I came by any of these things, but I was warm and comfortable, and in the middle of a titillating dream. Plus, I never functioned well or was very friendly on only a few hours of sleep.
“Okay, he said to get rough with you so I am!” She whacked me in the butt several times.
“Moo!” I shouted. She froze at my side. She knew better than to screw around with me when I was sleeping. “What… what the heck are you doing?” 
“Caleb called,” she said. “You’re supposed to have breakfast with him?” My eyes opened. She was leaning over me, grinning. I smiled back, feeling warmer than before. “It’s eleven-fifteen,” Moo said resting her chin on her fist. She smiled coyly. “Five in the morning, Estela?”
“He told you?” I asked, rubbing sleep out of my eyes.
“I’m surprised you bothered to sleep apart,” she said. 
“I almost asked him to stay,” I admitted. “Am I a tramp?”
Moo laughed and stood up. “Get up lazy, change your shirt, brush your teeth and then go upstairs.”
Moaning and groaning, I rolled off the couch and crawled until the blankets released me. I did exactly as she instructed and chose a green sweater to wear. As I brushed the bed head out of my hair and splashed my face with cold water, Moo pushed herself onto the vanity and bit into a brown bagel covered with strawberry cream cheese.
“So?” She asked, mouth full.
“It was amazing,” I said. “Easily the best date ever.” Except for the Kat part and the slashed tires.
Moo sighed dreamily. “Estela, I am so happy for you.” I looked up when her voice wobbled. Her eyes were full of tears. I would have teased her for that or rolled my eyes, but instead I battled to keep from crying myself. 
“Moo, no! I have to go upstairs in a minute. Don’t make me cry.”
“Okay, sorry, sorry.” She sucked in a deep breath. “So, the basics. Go. Start at the beginning.”
“Photo shoot in his studio, I was the model,” I began. Her eyes lit up with each revealed detail. “Long romantic dinner. Skating at Rockefeller Center. He’s a pro but he made me think he couldn’t skate—it was cute. Umm, hot chocolate at a café. Slashed tires.”
“Wait, what?” Moo jumped off the vanity and followed me to the door. She gasped and cried out at all the right moments as I told her the tire slashing story. When I told her about the man with the knife she grabbed me. “Pervo?”
“I don’t know.” I shuddered. “Okay, let me go up.”
“You have to tell Caleb that it was Dr. Pervo.”
“But I can’t be sure.”
“Tell him anyway—that was an attack on Caleb, with a weapon.”
The blood rushed from my cheeks. “I….”
“Adam!” Moo cried. “Tell him. He’ll protect his brother.” She then pushed me into the hallway.
On the elevator ride five floors up I decided that I wouldn’t tell Caleb (I didn’t want to worry him), but I would tell his brother. Not that I wanted to talk to Adam. The pig! Outside Caleb’s apartment door I could smell pancakes and bacon. I was about to knock when I saw a post-it note on the door: It’s open, Es. Taking the note down, I let myself in.
Caleb was at the stove staring at sizzling bacon with sleepy eyes, a coffee mug hovering just under his mouth. His hair was damp from a shower. He was wearing dark jeans and a purple button down shirt rolled to the elbows. I pushed the door open wider and he turned, a sleepy smile spreading across his face.
“You are one step better than me,” I said gesturing to his outfit. “I didn’t even change my pants.” He laughed. “And, you’re one step closer to being murdered in your bed.” I waved the post-it at him. I thought of Dr. Pervo creeping in, wielding his tire-slashing knife. “You shouldn’t leave your door unlocked.”
He kissed my cheek. “Coffee?”
“Please.”
My mouth watered at the stack of pancakes and the bowl of eggs. It was enough food to feed ten people. “Is Adam joining us?”
“He’ll heat the leftovers.” Caleb poured my coffee. “Did you sleep?”
“Not enough,” I said. “This looks so great. I’m going to just slip into the bathroom for a minute.”
“Go ahead, the bacon’s nearly done.”
I took a sip of the coffee and grimaced. “Can you load that with sugar and cream for me?” He nodded and I hurried out of the kitchen. I didn’t have to go to the bathroom, but I did want a private minute with Adam. I was glad that Moo’s apartment was basically laid out the same. There was a half bath right across from the guest room. I turned on the light and fan and closed the door. 
I grabbed the guest room doorknob. Please be dressed. Please don’t be naked. Please be covered.
I pushed the door opened and peered in with one eye (somehow I felt that seeing him naked with one eye would be less damaging). The room was dark. From what I could tell there was one lump in the bed and that lump was covered. Pushing the door open, I hurried inside.
“Adam!” I hissed.
His head shot up off the pillow. “What? Who?” He turned and looked at me, blinking a few times. He then rolled onto his back, stretching and smiling like a Cheshire cat. “Oh, Estela,” he cooed. “I’d love to babe, but I stopped sleeping with Caleb’s girlfriends years ago.”
“You are a vile, disgusting pig man!” I hissed. He laughed and scratched his chest, making his pecs dance. My fists balled up. Never in my life had I felt the urge to punch someone in their face.
“You may commence touching me with your bean hands,” he cooed. “But just this once.”
“You shut up,” I snapped. “I would rather rub my ass on a cactus.”
His burst with laughter and then I did hit him, slapping his knee (I hoped). He smiled and rubbed his face. “You’re in my room, Kitten. Ladies only come into my room for one thing.” He whipped back the blankets and I slapped my hand over my eyes. His laughter riled every calm, rational part of me. I wanted to scream. Instead I kicked out blindly, not trying to hit him, but trying to get some of the frustration out.
“You are disgusting,” I hissed. “You are a man whore.” Something brushed my shoulder and I bit down a scream and jerked away. “Don’t touch me!”
“What are you doing in here?” he asked. 
What am I doing in here? Oh… right. “Last night Caleb’s tires were slashed.”
“He told me.” I heard the rustling of jeans being pulled up legs. 
“Yeah, but I didn’t tell him that I’m pretty sure I saw Dr. Pervo in the alley with a knife.” 
The room fell silent. Adam didn’t move and I wasn’t convinced that he was completely dressed so I kept my hands over my eyes. “Did you hear me?”
“Yes.” Finally there was no hint of joking around in his voice.
“I came in here to ask you to look out for him. That’s all. And now I’m leaving.” With my eyes closed I shoved my hands out and ran for the door, hitting it dead on with a painful whack. Out in the hallway I quickly turned off the bathroom light and fan and ran to the kitchen. Caleb was exactly where I’d left him.
“Hi!” I cried. No, Estela, you’re too cheerful, look at him, he thinks you’re crazy! Still my adrenaline and aggravation made my voice jump higher. “It’s smells so good.”
His eyes widened a little. “You okay? You look a little… hot and bothered.”
“Oh, do I?” I grabbed the coffee which was several shades lighter and much tastier. I took a long sip and then let loose an obnoxious “Ahhhhhhh, that’s good” sigh.
“Es?” he laughed, “what’s wrong?”
I shrugged. “That little guest toilet can leave a girl feeling hot and bothered all right.” 
He smiled a little more and then looked past me as Adam breezed into the kitchen wearing jeans and pulling a t-shirt down over his muscle-ridden torso. “Like what you see?” He asked. 
I glowered. Goddamn monkey man!
“Not at all,” I answered flatly. “Nothing about you is remotely attractive to me.”
“Really?” he laughed and helped himself to coffee. “Nothing at all, huh?” 
“No, I want to blow chunks when I look at you.”
He grinned into his mug. “I’m that hideous, huh? The face only a mother could love?”
“You are the King of Ugly. You’re so ugly the peasants of your ugly village run for cover.” Adam stared at me with a slow, dumb look. He didn’t seem at all phased, so I went on happily insulting him. “You give Quasimodo a run for his money!” I snapped. “You. Are. An. Ogre.”
“I look like an ogre?” Adam asked his lip curling into a beautiful and horrible smile. 
I bristled. “You’re ogreific!”
“So testy this morning, Bean Hands.”
I set my mug down so hard coffee sloshed over my fingers. Caleb handed me a towel. His green eyes were sparkling as he watched me clean up, growling all the while. 
“Adam, stop teasing,” he said.
“Um, hello—she just called me an ogre,” Adam said. “Did you hear what she said about our face? This is really the girl that you want to—” Adam stopped talking. In a split second I wanted to know what Caleb wanted to do with me and realized that in insulting Adam’s face I had inadvertently insulted Caleb.
“Caleb,” I whispered.
He smiled and drew me close. “I don’t think you have an ogre face,” I said. He sighed with relief. “I know you guys are identical and everything but Adam’s face is not your face. I want to punch him.”
“Punch me because I’m so sexy,” Adam said with his mouth full of bacon and pancake, which he was eating like a taco. My body tensed up. Was it really possible to be so disgusted by a person who had the face of the man I was falling desperately for? I cupped Caleb’s cheeks in my hands and laid a slow, deep kiss on him. His arms swept around me instantly. I felt his hand slip to my butt; my toes curled up.
Adam whistled. “Watch out for those bean hands, bro.”
I wrenched myself away from Caleb and went after his brother. I got in one good slap to his bicep before Caleb pulled me off and ushered me into the next room. “I will bring breakfast to you,” he said, turning. Adam had followed us. “Adam, honestly… leave her alone.”
“I didn’t do anything,” he said in a sickly sweet, innocent voice. He sat down across from me, half of his pancake-bacon taco clutched in his hand. “Can you bring the syrup?” he asked over his shoulder. Caleb rolled his eyes and returned to the kitchen. I started to stand, he would need help, but Adam held up his unoccupied hand.
“You sure?” he asked.
I shrugged, knowing that he was talking about Dr. Pervo now. “I don’t know if it was him, but… four slashed tires.”
When Caleb returned he was balancing two full plates on one arm and his coffee mug in the other. “Take a plate, Es,” he said. I hurried to do so. “Follow me.”
“Hey, where’s my syrup?” Adam cried after us as we headed down the hallway.
“Is he always so infuriating?” I asked. “I don’t think I’ve ever been around someone who can get me going like that. Not even my mother.”
“No, he’s usually not,” Caleb said. “I’m not sure what about you brings it out in him. I think that he likes that you can take it and dish it right back.”
“If he calls me Bean Hands one more time I might slap him in his ruggedly handsome face.”
Caleb laughed, and I hope I had made up for all that king of Ugly Town talk. 
We stopped at a set of French doors just to the left of his studio. They opened into a covered patio-green house that I hadn’t noticed the first time I visited his apartment. Moo definitely doesn’t have one of these! The snow touched the curved roof, melted, and rained down the side of the glass. It was like I was standing in a rainforest bubble while the world around us changed and shifted.
“Welcome to my favorite pastime,” Caleb said as he set his plate on a small iron table. 
“You like to garden,” I murmured as I stared at his tomato plants and rose bushes, which were in full blossom. I sat down on the chair he drew out for me. “Wow, this is amazing.” My eyes fell on a small pond with a trickling angel fountain.
“Thanks.” 
When he took his first bite, I remembered that we were together to have breakfast.
“What time is your meeting?”
“Just after one,” he said. “I didn’t get much sleep. Adam had a visitor.” 
I rolled my eyes.
“It wouldn’t have been so bad had they not been right across the hall,” he said. The conversation fell into a comfortable silence. We ate quietly, glancing at one another. I watched him eat (good table manners!) and I’m pretty sure he watched me eat. I did wipe my hands on my pants a few times but that was only because he hadn’t brought any napkins. It felt so natural to be there with him. Plus, I liked sitting in a strangely warm greenhouse with snow falling around us. We were in a reverse snow globe. 
“So… I travel quite a bit for work,” he said softly.
Uh ohhh.
“I have to be in Paris by tomorrow.”
I set my fork down. “How long will you be gone?”
“A few days,” he answered.
Jesus… a few days would be like a century!
“Is Moo going with you?”
“No, I don’t work with her agency exclusively. I’m an independent photographer. My agent finds me new contracts and projects. I shoot Moo so often because we work well together. Her agency loves me.”
“Is Kat Miller going to be in Paris?”
The look he gave me made my stomach hurt. I sat back and rubbed the itch from my nose. “She’s one of the models, yes, but you really don’t have anything to worry about, Estela.” I nodded. “I’d take you with me,” he said. “But it’s short notice and Moo said you don’t have a passport.”
Shit… gotta get one of those.
He leaned forward. “Estela… look at me.” I did and smiled. “It’ll just be for a few days.”
I nodded and began eating again. His tone was calming but I didn’t want him to feel like he had to talk me off a ledge or something, and I definitely didn’t want to be clingy. So put on my best “you’re-going-to-Paris-no-big-deal” attitude. I might have even flipped my hair. He still frowned at me.
“How long do you have to work today?”
“I have a few meetings, a shoot, and then I should be back around seven,” he answered. “I’m shooting at the Trump Tower… I’ll put your name on the security check list. The shoot starts at four. Think you can make it out?”
“Sure!” I tried to sound as cheerful as possible. 
Caleb set his coffee down. “You okay?”
“Fine.”
He gave me a skeptical look and then took a piece of bacon off my plate. I nearly stabbed his hand with my fork. He caught the possessiveness and laughed and put the bacon strip where he’d found it. I shoved it into my mouth. He chuckled and apologized. I gave his hand a little pat.
“You’ll learn,” I said.
The door to the greenhouse opened and Adam strolled in. My perfect little snow globe shattered. Adam stretched his arms wide and grunted. “Tracy, Trixie, Tina, Tasha… whatever her name was really took a lot out of me.” 
“You really need to get a hotel room next time,” Caleb said firmly, “and wash my sheets.”
“What can I say—I leave most women screamin’ for it.” He winked at me and reached onto my plate. I felt totally comfortable taking a stab at his hand, but he was too quick and stole a pancake.
“Did you even know her?” I asked.
“Nope.” Adam grinned. “She lives in the building somewhere.”
“Was she married?”
“Probably… I’m like a magnet for married ladies, Kitten.”
Kitten was better than Bean Hands, but I would have preferred that he call me by my name. No, it would have been better if he shut up all together. I sized him up with an unimpressed look. 
“You’re probably a walking cesspool of sexually transmitted infections.” 
Caleb glanced at his watch and cursed. “My car’s probably here. I gotta run.” I watched him stand. He bent down and kissed me. “Four o’clock?”
I nodded.
He handed me a business card. “My cell number is on the back.” I turned the card over and saw his neatly scratched numbers. I looked back up at him. “Don’t give me that look, Es,” he murmured before kissing me again.
“What look?”
“That heartbroken, puppy-dog-eyed, don’t-leave-me-baby-look,” Adam explained. I gave him my ugliest face and he just smirked and stole a piece of bacon from my plate. He stood up. “I’ll go with you bro.” 
Caleb shook his head. “Absolutely not.” 
I’d never heard his voice so firm.
“What?” Adam laughed, “I swear it won’t be like last time.”
“No, absolutely not,” Caleb repeated. 
“Okay, I’ll just stay here and keep Estela company.” Adam sat back down and grinned at me. “I bet we’ll have a nice day together, right, Bean Hands?” I saw Caleb’s hesitance.
I wielded my fork, tines up, angled toward his eyeballs. “If you don’t stop calling me that, I’m going to stab your eye out!”
“Okay, okay.” Caleb’s arm came around my waist. “Come on.”
“B-b-but.” I pointed at my half full plate, which Adam was already starting on. “That’s mine!” I shouted at him as the door closed. 	
“Come on,” Caleb murmured. He grabbed his camera bag off the couch and led me out of the apartment.
“Wait, Adam should go to work with you,” I stammered, remembering that Caleb was in danger. “I mean he’s here visiting you. It can be ‘bring you brother to work day.’”
“The last time he came to a set, he slept with a model while impersonating me.”
“Are you serious?” I cried. Livid again, I kicked the air in front of me, pretending it was Adam’s knee. “He really is an ogre.”
“Yes, sometimes.” Caleb laughed and pushed the elevator call button. “So, try to get some sleep.”
“I’m not sure what Moo has in store for me, but I’ll try to. I wish you could sleep, too.”
“The coffee will kick in and once I’m on set the energy will perk me up.” We stepped into the elevator. He pressed the button for Moo’s floor and the lobby. Our kiss goodbye was brief since he was running late. The door closed in front of his smiling face. Sighing, I turned and headed for Moo’s door, stopping when I saw Adam leaning against it.
“What the hell?” I cried. How had he gotten down there so fast? “You’re supposed to go with Caleb and protect him.”
“I tried,” Adam said. “Don’t worry, I called a friend in to help.”
That did not sound good, but it made me feel slightly better. “Okay, so what are you doing here?” I asked gesturing to Moo’s apartment door. “I’m too tired for much more of your nonsense.”
“Aww,” he cooed, his baby voice dragging glass shards down my spine. “Little Stely too sleepy-weepy to—OW!” He cried, rubbing his arm which I had just punched. “Damn… that was a good one.”
“I’m surprised you’re not taking this more seriously, Gorilla Man,” I snapped, pushing Moo’s door open. I hurried inside only to stumble over my own feet when I found Moo stark naked, her limbs wrapped around Caterer Jeremy. They were going at it, Moo’s back pressed against the wall while Jeremy thrust himself inside of her with harsh, desperate grunts. Jeremy’s slightly hairy ass cheeks burned themselves into my retinas. 
“Whoa, yea,” Adam said as I turned around and rammed into his chest. I shoved him out of the apartment and pulled the door closed quickly and quietly. “That was hot.”
“Grow up!” I hissed.
Not sure what to do, I stood in the hallway with Adam. Five minutes passed before the door opened a crack and Moo stuck her sweaty face out. 
“Sorry! All clear in fifteen seconds.” She closed the door again.
I counted to fifteen and then pushed the door open again. All clear. I wanted to tell Adam to go home, but he came inside after me.
“What are you doing? Why are you following me?” 
“I promised Caleb that I’d hang out with you.”
“Shut up,” I groaned, “Why?”
“You’re being stalked by a pervert,” he said. “What’s for breakfast?”
I rolled my eyes. “You just ate breakfast. And I don’t have plans to be out of the building until later, so why don’t you harass someone else?”
“Like your sexy model friend?” he asked, glancing over my shoulder to Moo’s closed bedroom door. His green eyes dropped to mine. “You know what they’re doing in there, don’t you?”
“Get out.” I pointed to the door. “Get out right now.”
Adam laughed and walked to the door. He stopped and turned around. He regarded me with a steady look that was in no way condescending, pervy, belittling, or infuriating. For the first time it felt like he was looking right at me. “Thanks for telling me what you saw.”
My neck felt hot. “Well….” 
“No one fucks with my brother.”
For a moment, I wondered if I had made a mistake telling him. Caleb was always so calm; Adam was a complete reactionary. I just wanted him to be aware of the possible situation. I didn’t want Caleb to be a casualty of Dr. Pervo’s war. I backpedaled—fast.
“I… well… I don’t know that it was really him or not,” I stammered. “I mean, it was really dark. There might not have been a knife.”
“It was him,” Adam said matter-of-factly. “I know it was.”
“No, I….”
He opened the door. “I’ll meet you downstairs at three thirty.”
“What are you going to do?” I gasped, seeing something else in his eye that was absolutely petrifying. “Who did you call?”
“A friend,” he said again.
“What did you tell him?” I asked. 
“That we got us some huntin’ to do!” He made a gun with his hand and then stepped out of Moo’s apartment. I jumped as the door slammed behind him.
Ah hell… he’s gonna kill someone now!

* * *
Chapter 24

* * *

“Caleb Hood.” I didn’t recognize the male voice that had answered Caleb’s cell phone. Whoever it was seemed rushed and annoyed. “Hello? Anyone there?”
“Yes, sorry… this is Estela….”
“Please hold,” he cut in. The phone went silent and a moment later Caleb’s voice tickled my ear. 
“Hey… it’s almost four, where are you, Es?” 
I took a breath and let it all out: “Your brother and his insane Greek warrior friend are using me as Pervo fodder!” I cried. 
“What?”
“I’ve been sitting at a bus stop in Times Square for over an hour while Adam and John play G.I. Joe infantry squad! And just so you know, I’m almost positive that the duffel bag John was carrying has a sniper rifle in it! They’re probably perched on a rooftop ready to BASE jump down with their harpoons and hooks the moment they see Dr. Pervo! Caleb, Adam wanted me to wear an ear piece! An ear piece! Like this is some zoo-loo enemy mission! I refused to wear it and now I don’t know where the hell they are! It’s snowing. I’m wet. I’m cold. And I think my butt may be frozen to the bench.”
The woman beside me gave me a funny look. 
I didn’t know how Adam’s “brilliant” (as he called it) plan was going to work when the square was full of tourists. Dr. Pervo could easily hide among them, slip up to me and whip his penis out! Inappropriate self-exposure had to be the next logical progression of madness after tire slashing. 
Caleb sounded humored. “Why would Adam play war games with you in Times Square?”
“I’m not playing games!” I cried, “and I don’t know… maybe he got bored sleeping with random bimbos from the building!”
“But John’s with him?” Caleb’s voice took on a note of concern. Adam kept the introductions very brief and before I knew it, John Amyntas, a hulk of a Norwegian-Greek god, had disappeared into the crowd. His stealth capabilities almost had me peeing in my pants. The sound of worry in Caleb’s voice wasn’t helping the situation. “Are they really trying to lure Dr. Pervo out?” He put his hand over the phone to talk with someone for a moment. When he came back he asked, “I thought he wasn’t following you anymore.”
“Umm.” I stood up, even though Adam was adamant that I stay seated. I rubbed my butt and paced a little. “Umm.”
“Es?”
I bit my lip, which was numb and possibly blue with frost bite. I hadn’t told Caleb yet and Adam swore to me that his twin brother would be mad that I kept something like this from him. So of course, I didn’t want to tell him now, but he needed to know.
“I saw a man last night,” I began, “in the alley across from your car. I think he had a knife.” When Caleb didn’t respond, I quickly continued, “Adam thinks that it was Dr. Pervo… I don’t… actually, I’m not sure if I saw anyone. My imagination sometimes gets the best of me, it really does.”
Caleb was quiet. Too quiet. But when he finally spoke, he was calm. “Why didn’t you tell me this last night? I would have called the police.”
You had four slashed tires. You should have called the police regardless.
“I didn’t want you to run after him or something and end up stabbed and lying in a bloody snow pool with a hunting knife sticking out of your ribs. You’re not a soldier… you… you’re… you’re mine.” I whispered. His breath filled the phone. In the background I could hear people chatting and calling out to one another. “I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if Dr. Pervo took his anger out on you.” I felt tears sting my eyes. “I wouldn’t be able to handle it if he hurt anyone in my life because of me.”
“Oh, Es,” he sighed. “Just get up, get into a cab, and come to the Trump Tower, I’ll meet you in the lobby.”
“Okay.” I walked to the corner and hailed a cab, glancing around me. Adam’s efforts to trap Dr. Pervo had made me very paranoid. “I don’t see Adam anywhere.” I glanced up at the rooftops as a taxi pulled up to the curb.
“I’ll talk to Adam about this….” Caleb said into my ear. “At least I know that you’re safe with him and with John.”
They’d left me outside in twenty-five degree weather for over an hour. I wasn’t too sure how safe I was with them. Still, I was grateful for Caleb’s voice and sensible commands. I shouldn’t have agreed to play along in the first place. My cue to run should’ve been when Adam and John pulled out a Google satellite map of Time Square, deciding the best open area to stick me in.
I refocused on Caleb. “I’ll be there in a few minutes.” 
“Okay.” I heard the smile in his voice. “See you in a few.” I hung up and sat back.
The driver pulled in front of Trump Tower a few slow-moving blocks later. I paid the fare and added a couple dollars as a tip and quickly headed inside. I was overwhelmed by its enormity and grandeur, and gawked up at the high golden ceilings as I made my way through the lobby.
“Estela Ramos?”
I looked up at the sound of my name. 
It was the young blond man from Moo’s Central Park shoot. He was dressed in black skinny pants, fancy looking loafers that curled up at the toes, and a button down shirt with a deep purple tie. His curly hair reminded me of a mix of Darren Silversmith from high school and Justin Timberlake. He wore a Bluetooth ear piece and held a clipboard to his chest. He sized me up, and I returned the favor. I would put him at about twenty-three, maybe a bit younger. He was about six feet and rail thin. I wondered if he was a model too.
“I’m Oscar Boyd, Caleb’s assistant—we spoke on the phone a few minutes ago.” He didn’t extend his hand to shake mine but simply gave me a bored Richard-like look, only less jowly.
“Where’s Caleb?”
“He had to start the next shoot, but sent me down to wait for you. He said that you’d be cold.” His eyes scanned me up and down again. “Can I arrange to have fresh clothes delivered? Where do you shop? I don’t recognize any brand names.” I blinked at him—was he for real? I looked down at my pants and shoes. Where had Moo and I gone yesterday? I couldn’t even remember that.
“It’s okay, Oscar,” I said. “I’m sure my Kmart pants will dry soon.” 
“Great,” he said with fake enthusiasm, gesturing for me to follow. We rode the elevator in silence. Oscar occasionally glanced at me, but whenever I returned his stare he turned his eyes to the lighted panel above the elevator doors. “I remember you,” he finally said as he gazed down at me. “Molia Hart’s best friend, right?”
“Yes,” I answered. I waited for him to mention me barfing on expensive designer clothes.
“I remember you from Florida,” he said. Oscar frowned with sudden confusion. “Molia’s not in this shoot.” 
He wanted to know what I was doing there. Why Caleb wanted to see me, which meant that Oscar wasn’t privy to Caleb’s feelings. 
“I’m here to see Caleb.”
“He’s pretty busy.”
“I know,” I said, smiling. “He’ll make time for me.”
The elevator doors opened and we stepped out. Oscar took me to a large suite full of models, assistants, makeup artists, and wardrobe consultants. Oscar took my coat and then got me a cup of coffee. I sat in a chair toward the back and watched Caleb direct the models and snap pictures. He was very hands on, helping some of the models with their poses. Everyone seemed pretty calm and happy. I was only alone for about fifteen minutes before Oscar returned and sat down on the arm of my chair with a heavy sigh. 
“This one’s for some clothing line,” he said while examining a loose string on his pants. “It’s a pretty lucrative job… I can’t even tell you how much Caleb’s getting for these pictures.” I sipped my coffee. “Anyway… I came to see if you’re hungry or anything. We’re—I mean, I’m—ordering an early dinner.” He lowered his voice, “These models won’t eat a thing. I don’t know why I bother sometimes.” Oscar looked down at me. “Hungry?”
“I’m… okay,” I answered honestly. “I might nibble.”
“Yeah, I’m a grazer too.” Oscar sat back, his side brushed up against my shoulder.
“How long have you worked with Caleb?”
“Since I was eighteen and sabotaged his assistant so that he looked incompetent. I’ve been working with Caleb ever since—it’s been, let me see, five years. So, you’re being followed?” The sudden twist of topic and Oscar’s eagerly lit eyes made me wary. I suppose Caleb told him a little more than “she’s just a friend.” He must have seen my skepticism because he waved his hand at me. “Don’t worry, Estela Ramos.” His grin was mischievous. “Caleb tells me everything… I’m like his little brother.” 
I doubted that.
“He is like a little brother, in that he’s annoying.” I looked up at the sound of Caleb’s voice. My entire face tingled. Caleb handed his camera to a young girl with a walkie-talkie headset and a badge around her neck. “We’re taking ten… Ozzy, did you order dinner?”
“Not yet.” Oscar slipped off the chair and walked way.
I stood, being extra careful not to spill coffee all over myself or Caleb. His arms slipped around my waist as his lips landed near mine. He didn’t give me enough time to be disappointed because the next kiss took my breath away. I sighed and tried to wrap my arms around him, but he jerked his arm back.
“Es, your coffee,” he exclaimed. I gasped. “You didn’t get me,” he said, taking the cup out of my hand. “I just learn from past experiences.” He set my cup on the small table beside the chair I’d been sitting in. Back in his arms, I sighed. “I’m glad you’re here. It looks like my schedule’s pretty tight.” He sat down on the ottoman in front of the chair. I sat back down as he took my hands. “You should have said something last night… I can handle myself, Es.”
I nodded. “But I wasn’t sure if I really saw anything. I tend to be overdramatic, if you couldn’t tell. I didn’t want to make a big issue out of something small.”
“Slashed tires aren’t small, Estela,” he said, rubbing my knuckles. “I know I treated them as if they were last night, but I didn’t want you to feel scared.” So you were saving my feelings, just like I was saving your neck. “If you thought you saw a man in the alley you should have told me.”
He scooted forward so we were only inches apart. “I think it was him last night.”
“Caleb.” I shook my head, but he went on.
“Adam just called me and said that he saw Dr. Pervo in Times Square earlier and he followed you here.”
Tears filled my eyes.
“Don’t cry, Es,” Caleb whispered. His hands cupped my cheeks and his kiss was long and slow. “Adam and John cornered him and the police picked him up.”
“Why is this happening to me?” Caleb pulled me into his arms and held me close. After a minute or so he stood, drew me up to my feet, and led me into the suite’s kitchen, where those who were loitering left to give us privacy. “I’m no one special, Caleb, I’m really not! Moo’s the one who should have stalkers, not me.”
“Molia’s had her fair share, Es.” Caleb rubbed my arms. “Adam’s in town until I get back from Paris.”
“Paris!” I cried. Several people did look then. “Caleb, you can’t leave me alone…” I stopped and shook my head. “No… yes, you can. You can.” I put on my best brave face, but he wasn’t buying it. 
“Promise me that you won’t go anywhere without Adam.”
I’d rather stab myself in the face. “I don’t want your brother babysitting me, Caleb. I’m twenty-six, not sixteen!” Despite how I might act from time to time.
“Hey,” Adam’s voice brought us both around. John was with him and they both looked concerned. “The police took him in for questioning, but he hasn’t broken any laws. The good news,” Adam handed me a piece of paper, “is that your restraining order was approved and processed—I called in a few favors.”
Favors? From who? I stared at the papers in my hand and then at him. Did he have a judge in his pocket? Officer Brentwood had told me it would take at least a month or two. I pressed the documents to my chest.
“Next time we catch him around, he’ll be arrested,” John said.
“But not now?” I asked.
“No, not now,” Adam answered. “And we weren’t scaling the buildings with sniper rifles and harpoons.” 
“You heard me say that?” I asked.
“I bugged you,” Adam said as if this was something he did every day. I opened my mouth to ask why and how, but he hurried on. “Wanted to cover my bases in case he decided to get creative and kidnap you….”
Caleb drew me aside after answering a question from one of his assistants. I could tell by the look in his eyes that I wasn’t going to like what he was about to say.
“I know you just got here, but I’ve got to get back to work,” Caleb said. He kissed my forehead. “You’re a distraction to me, Es. I kinda need you to leave.”
“Of course,” I said, nodding.
Caleb winced. “Well, Adam’s actually going to take you home. He promised no more craziness.”
Worst nightmare ever. I smiled at Adam and then kissed Caleb again before I made my way out without a fuss and without revealing that I was within seconds of pitching a royal fit to stay with him. 
Adam put his arm around my shoulder. “Come on Bean Hands,” he said. There was a glint of mischief in his eye. “I’ll keep you safe.” 
I didn’t doubt that he would, but I still didn’t want to go with him.

***

Adam dropped me off at Moo’s apartment and then went away with John. I was more than happy to have some time to myself. I took a long shower, put on pajamas, and then climbed into bed with a bag of sour gummy worms and watched Hollywood gossip TV. 
“Oh! You are here,” Moo said when she came into my room just past seven. “Tio’s here.”
I sat up. “He is?”
“Yes, I ran into him in the lobby.”
Tio walked into my room as Moo was talking. His eyes were shadowed and concerned, and I could see the pain on his face. I slipped out of bed and went to him.
“I’m sorry for not answering my phone, Tio.”
“I didn’t think you could be sleeping all the time,” he said as he cupped my cheek. “My poor chica.” He held me close. “Tu mamá está muy…”
“Insane?” I asked.
“She is very sorry,” my uncle whispered. “She was consumed by emotions and….”
“Stop, Tio,” I drew back. “Stop making excuses… if she were sorry she would have called or come here herself, but she didn’t and she won’t and I just don’t care anymore. I don’t need her. I have you… I have Tia… I have Moo, and I have Caleb.”
“Caleb?” My uncle asked. He pushed my hair back and kissed my forehead. “The twin of Adam?”
“Yes,” I nodded. “We went on a date last night and it was wonderful.”
“Are you still inocente?”
“Tio!” I hissed.
“Well, are you?” he asked. “Because if not, he will need to make an honest woman out of you, hija. I will pay for the wedding.” I smiled and shook my head. 
“We didn’t sleep together,” I whispered. I then gave his chest a firm poke. “Not that it’s any of your business, sir.”
“Good.” My leaned in, putting his face right in front of mine. He peered at me. I stepped back. “Why are you pale? And why are you so thin? Are you eating?”
“Thin?” I laughed. “I’m eating plenty.”
“Why aren’t you at work?” he asked. “I called Java Loo and Olivia said you were taking several days off, and that you had become manager!” He poked my side. “You didn’t tell me.”
“I… made manager,” I said, doing a little less-than-enthusiastic dance.
“That wasn’t very happy sounding, Stela…” Tio commented. “Don’t you want it?”
Moo came back into the room. “Sorry to interrupt,” she smiled at me and then turned to Tio. “Are you staying for dinner? I thought I’d try to grill chicken.” Tio’s hand tightened on my side. I smiled against his shoulder. Moo was a disaster in the kitchen, we all knew it.
“Sure, mi amor, I will stay for dinner. If…” he looked at me, “…if it is okay with Estela.”
“Of course,” I wrapped my arms around him.
“Good… come, NASCAR is on.” He patted my back as I lay my head against his shoulder. “Estela?”
“¿sí, tío?”
“What is this mark on your neck?”
I slapped my hand over the hickey. “Nothing… just a gigantic freckle.”
“How did you get a mark there?” he asked. 
I laughed and pulled him into the living room where Moo had just tuned into NASCAR on her enormous TV. Tio dropped his arm from my waist and, like a man hypnotized, he zombie-walked to the couch and sat down. I sat on his left side so he couldn’t see the hickey. After a while I cuddled up to him and let all of the days worries melt away.

* * *
Chapter 25

* * *

After dinner—Tio and I were surprised that the chicken was actually edible and delicious (Moo was learning a lot from Jeremy)—we spent the evening watching TV. By nine o’clock the car Moo had hired to take Tio home arrived. I didn’t want him to leave. It felt like high school when I spent all of my time cuddled against his side rather than doing homework.
Tio’s eyes narrowed as he peered closely at the mark on my neck. I shivered when he touched my skin. I drew his hand away and kissed his cheek. 
My uncle crossed his arms and shook his head firmly. “I do not like this man, Estela.”
I laughed. “It’s just a little hickey!”
“No, you cannot convince me to like him—I’ve decided that I don’t.” 
“You liked Adam,” I pointed out. “Caleb’s a little calmer than his brother, but just as good.”
“Adam doesn’t grope at my niña!”
“Caleb doesn’t—” Yes, he does… don’t lie to Tio. “He’s very good to me.”
Tio pressed the elevator button. “I will not tell your aunt about this.”
I bit the inside of my cheek to keep from smiling. Tio would tell Tia everything, and he would also come around, especially after he met Caleb. 
“How’s Tia?”
“She is well,” he said. “Worried about you. So is your mamá.”
“Why did she hit me?” I demanded. “What was I ‘rubbing in her face’?”
My uncle sighed. “Your mother has never forgiven your father for not marrying her when he said he would.”
I felt a bit bowled over. What did my birth father have to do with any of this? Sensing my confusion, Tio continued.
“Your father had a similar look to Adam,” My uncle answered. “He was a military man with dark hair and light eyes, a gringo.” I wanted to sit down, but the hallway was devoid of furniture. My father was a white man? This shocked me. Sure, my skin was lighter than anyone in my family, but I hadn’t really considered that strange. And then there was the way my mother went on and on about me not dating anyone who wasn’t Hispanic, but I always thought she was a bit bigoted. Now I wondered if there wasn’t something more to it.
I pressed my hands to my face. 
“Did you know him?” I asked having to clear my throat several times to get all the words out.
“I saw him take your mother out several times,” Tio answered. “He was always friendly.”
“What was his name?” I asked.
My uncle shook his head. “No.”
“Tio…”
“No, Stela.”
“Tio, please!”
“No.”
“Why?”
“For many reasons, the first being that it is your mother’s story to tell,” he said, glancing up when the elevator dinged. “And second, you will find him and then I will be forgotten! I’m already halfway forgotten!” 
I grabbed him as the elevator doors opened. I squeezed him with all my strength. “I don’t think I need to tell you that you’ll never be replaced in my life. Not by Caleb and not by the father I’ve never known.” I sighed and stepped back. The elevator doors began to close, stopping when Tio blocked the sensor with his leg. “He probably doesn’t even know I exist.”
“He knows,” my uncle said. My chest began to burn. He knew about me? “He sent your mamá money every month until you were twenty—much longer than required. It is the only reason why I like him to this day. He took care of you.”
I leaned against the wall. He paid child support but didn’t acknowledge the child—was that really taking care of someone?
“Why… why didn’t I ever meet him?”
“Your mother refused,” my uncle said. “I do believe they fought over visitation rights for a few years before your father decided not to hurt Marianna anymore.” So, he sacrificed knowing me to the whims of a crazy emotional person? How is that fair?
“Tio, who is he?”
He shook his head. “I’ve said too much already.”
“She won’t tell me, you know that.”
“Then I am sorry, Estela.” He stepped into the elevator and pressed the button for the lobby. I followed him in. “You are of age now… he can contact you if he wishes to.”
“I guess he doesn’t want to.” Why doesn’t he want to? Why would he send money and not want to meet me? “I guess I don’t really mean that much to him after all.”
“I don’t think it’s that, Stela, I think that he does it to respect your mamá.”
“Respect!” I cried.
Tio’s eyes turned sad. “He was married, Estela.” 
Again, I felt knocked over. I shook my head in disbelief. 
“He has children of his own, which is why he could not marry your mother.” I stepped into the elevator and we rode down together. 
“Mother had an affair with a married man?” I stammered. I have half-siblings out there? “And because Adam reminded her of him she slapped me….” I tried to work it out in my head. Did she slap me because she saw herself in me; saw herself making the same choices? 
“Marianna wasn’t thinking.”
“No, she certainly wasn’t!”
Maybe she slapped me because she thought I was using Adam to remind her of the affair she had. Kinda hard to do when you don’t know anything about your father! 
In the lobby, Tio hugged me for a long time. 
“I’m sorry for all the secrets,” he said. “I never agreed with her decision not to tell you about your father. I can only assume that something about Adam made her remember her past.”
“And she slapped me.” I muttered. “Why couldn’t she slap herself?”
“Oh, she is, mija, she is.” Tio let me go. “I am glad that we had this time together tonight. Please don’t be a stranger to us.”
“I won’t,” I said, following him to the door. 
“I still don’t like him,” Tio said crossing his arms.
“What’s wrong with him?” I asked. Was my father an alcoholic? Was he a jackass?
“He has stolen your heart from me.”
Oh, he’s talking about Caleb.
“Tio… I can’t be your little niña forever.”
“But you can stop loving me! You will stop turning to me when you need something. I will be left to rot away in a puddle of bones and junk on my chair. You’ll never visit. You’ll have babies and I won’t get a say in anything about them. You’ll keep them from me.” 
I laughed. “Okay, now you’re just being ridiculous! Caleb and I are still so new, we don’t want to rush things. But I do care for him… he… he likes me as I am, Tio.” My uncle started to smile but then forced it away and tried to look angry. “Tio, he likes me like you like Tia. He doesn’t care about Donut Hole.”
“Ay, Estela! Stop calling your stomach that!”
“Fine, he doesn’t care that I’m a little fatter than average.” Ignoring the look he gave me, I continued, “He doesn’t care… just like you don’t care that Tia has a… round… bottom.” The smile that appeared on his face was followed by a deep chortling chuckle that made me blush. “Caleb likes me for me. I’ve never had that before.”
Tio hummed as he thought. “I suppose I like him just a bit.” His gaze flickered to my neck. I covered the hickey with my hand.
“Does he have one to match?” My uncle asked.
I blushed hard. “Tio, please… I don’t want to talk about this with you.” 
“You’ve never had a real boyfriend… you should take lessons from your Tia, she… is very good.”
Oh god, no. I can’t have this conversation. “Okay, your driver’s waiting.” I kissed his cheeks. 
“Okay, but you should talk to Tia about how to move your….”
“STOP!” I bellowed. Tio bent over with laughter while others stared at us as if we were crazy. “I am a child, I can’t hear this. If I need lessons I’ll get them from Moo… or movies and books. I don’t need Tia’s guidance.”
“Suit yourself.” My uncle sighed. “She knows what she’s—”
“AHHHHH!” I clapped my hands over my ears and held them there until Tio’s lips stopped moving and he stopped grinding his hips. He kissed my cheek.
“Text me when you get home,” I said. He nodded and went out to the waiting car.
By the time I made it back upstairs, a little traumatized, my head was pounding with all the new information about my birth father and Tio’s suggestion that I go to Tia to learn how to move my—whatever he was going to say. How embarrassing. I pushed Moo’s door open to find Caleb, Adam, and John sitting in the living room. I smiled as Caleb’s eyes met mine. 
“Butterlips!” My stomach dropped at the sound of Tio’s voice at the end of the hall. He was coming back toward me from the elevators. “I forgot my wallet,” he said.
Oh shit… this is happening.
Caleb rose to his feet. “What’s wrong?” he asked. His eyes widened with realization when Tio appeared behind me. My uncle stopped short, his eyes surveying the room. They stopped on Caleb. I looked at Moo feeling a bit frantic. She jumped up and made quick introductions.
“Sylvester Ramos, this is Caleb Hood and John Amyntas. Guys, this is Estela’s uncle.”
“Nice to meet you,” John said. Adam threw back his chin like a gangster. He then looked at me with a cocky grin. I took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“Hello, Mr. Ramos,” Caleb extended his hand. He didn’t look scared or nervous. My stomach was definitely in knots. “Caleb Hood.”
“You gave my Estela a hickey.” A blush crept up Caleb’s neck and moved to his cheeks. He looked at me for guidance, but I was too shocked to move. “She said you didn’t take advantage of her, and that is good.” My uncle jabbed his fingers into Caleb’s chest causing him to stumble back, wincing as he rubbed his chest. “You hurt her and you answer to me, understood?”
That snapped me out of it. “Tio!”
“No, it’s okay,” Caleb said rubbing his chest. He came to my side and kissed me. I knew it should have put me at ease, but my belly wound up tighter. I waited for Tio to lose it, and then Caleb began speaking Spanish and my head nearly exploded. “I understand, sir. She’s safe with me, I promise.”
Tio stared at Caleb in an appraising way. He then went across the room and picked up his wallet from the narrow table behind the couch. He kissed my forehead and then left the apartment without saying another word.
“I’m so sorry,” I said pulling away from Caleb. “He’s paranoid that….”
“That I’m going to steal you away,” Caleb smiled and nodded. “It’s okay, Es, I get it.” He gestured for me to go after Tio. I ran out of the apartment and straight into Tio who was waiting for me just outside the door.
“He’ll do,” Tio said. “But I don’t want him to think that I like him quite yet.”
“Tio!” I wailed.
“Perfect,” he grinned. “Keep crying and begging me. He’ll think I’m mad at you.”
“Stop!” I smacked his arm playfully. Tio gestured for me to go inside. Instead, I watched him until the elevator came and he disappeared behind the doors. Inside, Caleb was waiting for me. “He likes you,” I said with a smile.
I was pretty sure I saw relief in his eyes. 
“So, I can’t stay,” Caleb said. I stared blankly, not sure if I could handle one more shock. “I’ve got a car waiting downstairs. I have to get to JFK.” Paris… be strong, be strong!
“I…” my shaky voice trailed off. “How long?” 
“I’ll be back on Tuesday, probably, but my schedule’s going to be really tight.” He closed the space between us. I slipped my fingers around his. “Adam and I are going to fly to Washington to see our parents for Thanksgiving, but I should be able to get to the city before we fly out. I’ll call you.”
With everything that was going on, I had forgotten that Thanksgiving was the following week. “I’d love to see you before you head out to Washington.”
He nodded and gestured toward the door. He said quick goodbyes to everyone and then drew me outside. 
“You sure your uncle likes me?”
I nodded. “He just wants to make you squirm,” I said. “I’m the only daughter he’s ever known… he’s just scared that you’re going to take me away. I did tell him that this is still so new,” I said gesturing between us. “It’s not like we’re getting married tomorrow.”
“Yeah,” Caleb murmured his eyes soft. “Okay, I’ve really got to go now… please call me if anything happens with Dr. Pervo, okay?” I shuddered. “Adam’s going to stick around for…”
“Hey, Bean Hands.” I turned, ready to throw a wild, blind punch. He’d only stuck his head outside the door. “We’re ordering pizza, what’s your poison?”
“I’m not hungry.” 
“Please, you love food.” Was that a fat joke or just an observation? 
I grabbed Caleb’s shirt and tugged him to me. “Please, don’t leave me with him. Take me with you.”
Caleb kissed me in reply. 
“Please, I’ll do anything!” I cried. “I will take my clothes off right here and now.”
The smile that spread across his face was wicked. His eyes swept over my body and then lifted to mine, slowly. “I told Adam to behave.”
“He just called me Bean Hands again,” I growled. “Caleb, honestly—you might come home to a dead brother.”
“Well,” Caleb sighed, detaching my hands from his shirt, “I will risk it. He’s the only one that I trust to keep you safe.” With one more kiss he opened Moo’s door and grabbed two bags that I hadn’t noticed. “I’ll call you.” I nodded and waved goodbye. Caleb turned when he was halfway down the hallway. He smiled to find me still watching him. “Try not to kill my brother.”
I crossed my arms. “No promises!”
When Caleb disappeared, I leaned against Moo’s door and rubbed my eyes. I stayed there for two minutes and then pushed open the door, gritting my teeth as Adam yelled: “Bean Hands!” in greeting. 

* * *
Chapter 26

* * *

I spent the last two days of my “vacation” from Java Loo cleaning up dead rodents and roaches from my apartment. I thought that the extermination team would take care of it, but Mr. Zhang informed me otherwise. So, armed with rubber gloves and trash bags I searched my entire apartment for dead vermin. It took me an entire day to sweep out bugs and rat feces, and to find bloated rat carcasses (there were six!). I then spent one whole evening vacuuming the carpets and mopping the linoleum floors with bleach. By day two I was frustrated that it seemed like I hadn’t made a dent in the cleaning process. Luckily, Moo, the clean freak that she was, came over with lunch (compliments of Caterer Jeremy) and more cleaning supplies. Together we dusted cabinets, scrubbed counters, and bundled up clothing to throw away. She scolded me for not cleaning up prior to the extermination. At the same time I think she was a little excited that I was getting rid of things that I’d had since high school.
The last thing we tackled was my kitchen. The refrigerator would be better off in the dumpster, but we spent a good few hours cleaning it out and scrubbing it down with bleach. I threw out every opened container in the pantry and then had to wipe out and sterilize the cupboards when we found rat droppings in them.
“Looks like the exterminators patched up the holes where the rats were coming in,” Moo said, her voice muffled by the safety mask she wore. “You know, this isn’t entirely your fault, Estela… this building is horrible. You should move.”
“If I had millions, I would move, Moo.” I hauled another bag of trash outside the door and found Mr. Zhang taking two down the stairs. “Oh, Mr. Zhang,” I called. He stopped and looked up at me. “That’s not necessary… I can….”
“No, no… my pleasure, Estela Ramos, 3C.” He nodded to me and then continued his way downstairs.
“He’s sucking up to you. He’s embarrassed that he hasn’t done anything to rectify the situation. No one is meant to live in such filth! You’re a hoarder without the hoard,” Moo said when I went back into the apartment and told her that Mr. Zhang was hauling my trash down. “You know…” Moo pulled off her gloves and dragged the mask down from her mouth. “You can always move in with me, Stela.”
Here we go again.
“This apartment is fine—I’ve just neglected it a bit.”
“Estela… I wouldn’t make you pay rent.” I could tell by her tone that I’d hurt her feelings. No, she wouldn’t ask me to pay rent, but that was exactly what I had to do. Moo went on, “We’d split up the bills, but that’s it. Why would I make you pay rent on a unit that I own? We’re best friends—sisters… I’d rather you live with me than here.”
“Thanks, Moo, but I’ll be okay once this place is fixed up a bit.”
She was quiet for a moment and then in a small voice: “I think it would be fun to live together.”
“We could end up hating each other, Moo.” I pointed out. “Or you and Jeremy could get really crazy with the sex acts.” Her pale cheeks went scarlet. I’d walked in on her in the past, but never had she been in such a state. For once, she was embarrassed. I gave her shoulder a pat. “I still think it’s best to keep it to a minimum of four-day slumber parties. Or we could run away to the tree house.” Moo gave me a sad smile and replaced her mask before venturing into the cabinet under my kitchen sink.
When we were fourteen, Moo decided to run away from home. She ran as far as the old tree house Tio had made for me when I was ten. She hoarded herself up in the branches and I would bring her food and books to read. She stayed up there for three days before her father caught me sending food up. I’m not sure what Moo’s punishment had been, she never talked about it.
“Have you heard from Caleb?” Moo backed out from under the sink. “I think you may have mold, Stela.”
“Caleb calls me every night before I go to sleep,” I answered. In fact, he called me a little more frequently, but I didn’t want to tell her that. Sometimes I felt like he called so much to reassure me that nothing was going on with Kat Miller. But her voice was always in the background, and I always wondered. I didn’t think he would cheat on me, but I knew that even guys with the best intentions could sometimes be persuaded to have a little fun. Besides, no official words were spoken between us. Were we exclusive? Did I need to hear, “Estela, will you be my girlfriend?” It seemed a little juvenile, but maybe the words were necessary.
“You okay?” I didn’t care for the concern in her eyes.
“I won’t see him until after Thanksgiving,” I said. “Work is taking a bit longer than he anticipated. He told me last night that he’ll probably fly straight to Washington for the holidays.”
“What are your plans?”
“Tio and Tia’s,” I answered. “I don’t want to go, but it’s like tradition that I help make tamales. What about you?”
“My father called…” Moo said quietly.
“Did he really?” I turned. I didn’t bother hiding my shock. Moo hadn’t talked to her father for a few years. It wasn’t her choice, though. For as long as I’d known her, Moo had been a complete daddy’s girl. She had George Hart wrapped around her little finger. Their relationship changed when we were teenagers and she became a professional model. I blamed Moo’s mother for severing the ties between Moo and her father. Paulina Hart was uptight, demanding, and so full of anger she’d come to a boil with an innocent glance. She had a quick, irrational temper, and as a result, Moo had been hit a lot. Paulina would grow infuriated when Moo ran to George for comfort. In retaliation, Paulina began controlling George. Soon Moo wasn’t allowed to be alone with her father. It was a bizarre, sad situation.
I never witnessed Paulina hitting Moo, but did see the aftermath of Moo being in tears, covered with bruises. When she turned eighteen, she packed a bag with only the things she’d bought with her own money and said goodbye to her little yellow house in Queens forever.
“It was so good to hear his voice,” Moo said. She had taken off her gloves and mask and was now gathering more trash bags. “He asked that I come to Thanksgiving dinner at the house. I refused.”
“I bet he misses you….”
“I could practically hear her breathing on the other line. He only called because she allowed it,” Moo said. “She controls him like she wants to control me. I don’t trust the invitation.”
“So, you’re not going?”
Moo shrugged.
“You can come have Thanksgiving with my family. We’re closing the store around two,” I said. “My aunt left a message that we’re going to eat at seven and threatened me with death if I skip it. You should come with me.”
“I’d be forced to see my parents,” Moo said as she scrubbed at my kitchen sink with gusto. “I don’t think I want to chance it.”
“So, what are you going to do?” I asked. “Jeremy?”
“No… he’s spending the holiday with his family.”
“He doesn’t want you to meet them yet?”
“We want to wait,” Moo answered. She seemed indifferent, but there was something in her blue eyes that said the opposite. “He doesn’t want to get his family’s hopes up, or Sandy’s. Besides, what if all this is just lust? Just great sex and amazing food?”
“Sounds like a good combo to me!”
Moo laughed. “How is your uncle?”
“He still talks about killing Dr. Pervo on a daily basis….”
“You’d die if Tio was arrested and put in jail,” Moo said softly. “You should tell him to stay calm and let the police do the work.”
“I would die.” I agreed. “He’s all talk as long as he doesn’t get around Adam who fills his head with ideas. I don’t think the Dr. Pervo is going to bother me anymore. I haven’t seen him or sensed him following me. Maybe the restraining order scared him away?”
Moo gave me a hopeful look and nodded.
“Adam said he hasn’t seen him either.” I sighed. “I’m pretty sure it’s over now.”
“We can only hope.”
Despite Adam’s assurances, I was still sure that Dr. Pervo was lurking around in the shadows just waiting for the perfect opportunity to ambush me. Adam’s comment about him possibly kidnapping me had really made me paranoid, not to mention sick to my stomach at the thought of what Dr. Pervo’s twisted mind could work up. I was half tempted to take Adam’s offer to teach me how to knife fight.
“I hope you found all the rats, Stela,” Moo said, hands on hips. “I can’t imagine what this place will smell like if one of those things dies in the wall!”
She headed over to my bed with another trash bag. I heard her grumble something about hiring a professional cleaning crew to come over and do the job properly. I knew if I were to turn over my keys, Moo would go carte blanche on the place and it would be gutted and redone. Or, I would find my furniture burned and my things boxed up and tucked away at Moo’s beach house. I wouldn’t mind living out there, but I’d need a new job. Maybe at a B&B?
I pulled another trash bag from the box and shook it open with a loud snap. I was about to start stuffing in more clothes when a gloved hand clamped over my mouth. All I could smell was leather, grease, and dirt. The thick arm that wound around my throat, jerking me back against a solid chest, was corded with muscles and squeezed the breath out of me. The pressure on my mouth and nose increased as the intruder dragged me back toward the door. I screamed against the glove, kicked my heels into his shins, and bit at his fingers, but my efforts only intensified his hold.
I stomped my heel down on the sole of his foot only to find a metal plated boot that jarred my knee. I screamed again, the sound muffled and thrashed so wildly that I kicked over a lamp. It shattered into hundreds of pieces at my feet. Moo jerked around with a gasp. She raced forward and I struggled, screaming for her.
“Adam!” Moo shouted. “What the hell are you doing?”
He released me instantly. I landed on my butt; the air rushed from my lungs.
“Do you see how easy that was?” He asked as I scrambled away from him, sliding on something wet on the floor. “I would have had you drugged and out of this apartment in a second! Why the hell is your front door wide open?” John, who was standing behind Adam, gave me a slightly apologetic smile when I looked at him. I couldn’t catch my breath. I sounded like a wheezing elephant. “Do you want to get kidnapped?” Adam’s voice thundered.
“That wasn’t necessary,” Moo snapped. She helped me to my feet.
“It was necessary!” Adam exclaimed. He turned to me. “You could have been….”
I jerked away from Moo and slapped him across the face. An intense sting spread through my fingertips, across my palm and down the inside of my wrist. I couldn’t bend my fingers after. Breathing hard, I watched as he wiped his cheek. He then sniffed his hand and made a face. His eyes dropped to the ground and then to my pants.
His stunt had scared me so badly that I peed my pants. It was pee that I had slipped on, pee that covered my hand and splattered his cheek when I slapped him. My heart was thudding so hard against my chest I was starting to feel dizzy. I staggered back to the kitchen counter so I’d have something to lean against. I curled my stinging fingers into a fist and stared up at him. 
Adam rubbed his face with a Clorox wipe and gave me a new look, one of consideration. “Not bad, pájara, not bad.” He said softly. “But we have much to work on.”
“Get out!” I shouted. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
“I told him not to go overboard,” John said quietly. “Come on, Adam….”
“No, she needs to be careful.”
“It is not your job to take care of me!” I shouted. I went for him again and when he ducked out of my way I grabbed a bottle of Windex and threw it at his head. He ducked and it hit John in the shoulder. Rage bubbled in me as I searched for something else to throw. I grabbed the broom and held it like a bat. I swung with all my might. Adam threw his hand out and karate chopped the handle. The wood splintered and broke in half. I swung again. 
“Whoa, kitten… calm down.” He seized the piece still in my hand and tossed it into the corner of the kitchen, where it clattered noisily. He grabbed my wrist as I lunged for him. I struggled in his arms as he twisted my limbs up and pushed me against the refrigerator, where he pinned me thoroughly. He didn’t let go until I stopped struggling. When I burst into tears his grip loosened. “I’m sorry.” Adam patted my back as if burping me—a little hard, no tenderness.
“You didn’t have to scare me.”
“I know,” Adam drew back. “I didn’t mean to make you pee your pants.” He was smirking. I shoved him away and ran into my sparkling clean bathroom and slammed the door.
“You’re a jerk, Adam,” Moo snapped.
“What, I apologized,” he cried. “And, she slapped me with her pee hand, I’m pretty sure we’re even.”
As their argument carried on, I pushed my wet jeans and underwear down my legs and tried to catch my breath. I felt sick from the adrenaline.
“Estela, you okay?” Moo asked through the door. 
“Um, yeah,” I said, pulling my sweaty t-shirt over my head. “I’m… I’m just going to take a quick shower. I hope I have some clothes left, Moo.”
“You do, I’ll get them.” 
I dropped my bra onto the floor and stepped into the shower. The water that first shot out was frigid; it never warmed up. A few minutes passed before the bathroom door opened. “I kicked Adam and John out,” Moo said, “and locked the front door.”
“Okay,” I said, trying to sound normal. “I’ll be out in a minute.”
I watched Moo’s silhouette through the shower curtain. She stood there for a moment and then stepped out of the bathroom. The moment she was gone, I dissolved, dropping to my knees. Even though it was only Adam, I still felt his vice like grip on me. My mind still believed that he was Dr. Pervo and that I had almost been kidnapped by a madman.

* * *
Chapter 27

* * *

I had a hard time forgiving Adam for his little stunt, but I had to admit that it put me on my toes. In the days that followed, I continued my daily routines as normally as possible while keeping a heightened level of awareness to my surroundings. I was always looking over my shoulder, waiting for another big baboon to jump out of the darkness and nab me. 
Adam called me every day leaving voicemails like: Come on, get over it! It was just a joke Estela! You shouldn’t be mad... you could be dead right now! What if I had been your Pervo man, huh, then what?
His “apology” calls stopped on Tuesday when he flew to D.C. on business and then headed out to Washington early. By then, the anger of his stunt had melted into embarrassment that I had peed my pants. He hadn’t brought that up, but I knew it was only a matter of time before Bean Hands turned into Pee Hand.
Now that he was out of Manhattan, I was eager for some level of normalcy. I consumed myself with managerial duties at Java Loo and then focused my thoughts and attention to Thursday’s Thanksgiving dinner at Tio and Tia’s.
“Hey Estela,” Olive came slowly into the back. She put her hand on the side of her belly and looked me over. (She had been doing that a lot lately.) I returned the look by staring at her belly. When Olive was working all I seemed to do was stare at her bulbous, pregnant belly. She seemed so much bigger in a matter of weeks! It was almost unnatural for her to grow so fast and be so big at only four months.
“There’s someone here for you.”
“Who?” I demanded.
“Some blond guy.” Olive yawned and stretched her arms over her head. She brought her hands to the small of her back and she gave herself a massage, a look of pain on her face. “He’s got cute curly hair.” I followed Olive out to the front and found Oscar Boyd standing beside the pick-up counter. He was sucking on the Java Loo version of a Frappuccino. I smiled and waved.
“So, since we’re friends can you comp this?” Oscar asked shaking the half-empty plastic cup at me.
I laughed. “We’re not friends.”
He pouted. “Do I get free coffee if I say that I have a present for you from Caleb?”
I gasped like a fourteen-year-old girl. “You have a present for me?”
“Yup, he asked me to pick it up today.”
Oscar waited for me to say yes to the free drink and when I finally gave in he punched his fist in the air. “Thanks, ‘cause I already told her you’d pay for it.” I glanced at Olive who shrugged sheepishly. I led Oscar to one of the tables and we sat down. “How are you? How’s Adam treating you? He’s a barbarian, huh? I like that,” he whispered. “I heard you peed in your pants when he grabbed you!” I frowned. Caleb would need to stop telling Oscar everything.
“Adam’s in Washington.”
“Yeah, that’s what he told Caleb. Oh, Caleb was mad when he found out Adam headed out West earlier than planned!”
“What’s Caleb like when he’s mad?”
“Oh, I don’t mean like shaking with rage, he just raised his voice a little.” Oscar leaned forward. “If you’re trying to get info about his temperament, you don’t have anything to worry about. The guy’s a damn monk. It takes a lot for him to get frustrated and even more for him to get angry. I have to tell you something, Es… can I call you Es?”
“You can call me Estela,” I said, pointedly.
Oscar smiled. “Anyway… I have to tell you that my boss is head over heels for you—he seriously is.”
I leaned forward to rest my elbows on the table and cradled my chin on my palms. I knew I was smiling like a teenager. Caleb had been in Paris for three days and managed to wrap things up early enough to stop in Manhattan before heading to his parent’s ranch. I was eager for one of his long, slow, deep kisses.
“I’ve never seen him like this, Estela,” Oscar quickly continued. “He’s… different, I guess. The first and last thing out of his mouth is a question about how you’re doing. Like you and I chat every day, right?” Oscar drew the straw up and began slurping down whipped cream. “Anyway… he’s so smitten. When it comes to you, everything’s gotta be perfect, which is why it took him about four days to decide to buy you… this...” It seemed like he had said all of that in one breath; I felt dizzy by his quick rambling. Oscar pulled a long rectangular box from beneath the table and set it down between us. The blue wrapping and white ribbon was a dead Tiffany’s Jewelers give away.
“Open it!” Oscar scooted the box closer to me. “Caleb said I couldn’t peek… which is so annoying. You don’t know how bad I wanted to see. I mean it’s from Tiffany’s, can you believe it?” He went on to ramble about jewelry and what his likes and dislikes were. I ignored him.
My hands trembled as I slowly untied the ribbon and lifted the lid. Inside was a beautiful white gold chain. A golden heart surrounded by diamonds weaved in an intricate design was encased in the middle of a square pendant. I had never had anything so expensive or so beautiful.
“Wow, he did well, huh?”
I lifted it so the pendant dangled in front of my eyes. As it spun on the end of the chain, the diamonds glittered in the sunlight. “I… do I accept this?”
“Girl, are you crazy?” Oscar cried. “Of course you accept it! I can’t believe he picked this out himself… but then he does have a good eye.” Something in Oscar’s coat beeped. He set his drink down and reached into his pocket. Carefully, I opened the clasp and put the chain around my neck. The pendant hung against my sternum, heavy, secure, and warm, as if it gave off its own heat.
“She just put it on.” I looked up at Oscar to find him talking into his phone. “Oh, yeah, she loves it.”
“Is that Caleb?”
Oscar nodded and handed me the phone.
I turned in my chair so that Oscar couldn’t see my face. “Hi.” I whispered.
“Hey!” Caleb laughed and then sighed. “I don’t even have to ask if you like it Es, I can see your face.”
I spun as the bell above cafe entrance jingled. Caleb walked in with a gust of snow and I swear I almost squealed with delight. I jumped up and threw myself into his arms. He stumbled a bit after catching me.
“You came back early.” God, I feel so girly. “What are you doing here?”
“Well, I wanted to see if we could squeeze in another evening together before I fly to Washington tomorrow. What time are you off?”
I felt my chest swell with disappointment. “I’m closing, so… maybe midnight. Maybe I can get off… maybe….”
“Midnight is fine,” he whispered against my mouth. He kissed me and I heard someone whistle at us. “I’ll pick you up out front, okay?” I nodded.
“Thank you,” I whispered softly as my fingers came against the chain around my neck. “It’s really beautiful.”
“You’re welcome.” He kissed me again and then let me go. “Oscar, we’re late.”
Oscar stood and smiled at me as he headed out the doors. Caleb wrapped his fingers around mine and drew me with him as he walked to the doors. “How was Paris?” I asked as he reached for the door handle.
“Uninspiring.” He glanced over my shoulder. I didn’t have to turn to feel Richard’s eyes burning a hole in my head. “Have you filled out a passport application yet? I can provide the picture for you.”
I smiled. “No, not yet.” I hadn’t thought about that since he had mentioned it before.
“Paris will be better next time when you’re with me.” He smiled and looked at the pendant around my neck. “I’m glad you like it.” He kissed my cheek and then left. I watched as he climbed into the back seat of a black car where Oscar was waiting.
“Stela!” Olive pulled me away from the door and took my pendant into her hands. “Oh my god… you’re a kept woman!”
“You read too many romance novels,” I whispered. “It’s beautiful though, isn’t it?”
“I can’t believe you have a loaded boyfriend and you didn’t even tell me!” Olive smiled.
“I don’t know if he’s technically my boyfriend, we’re dating and hanging out.”
“Did you put out?” Olive whispered. “Don’t put out, Stela, you’ll be as big as me in a few months.”
“We haven’t...”
“That’s why he gave you the present,” Amber said as she came up behind us to gawk at my new gift.
My stomach dropped. I stared at Amber with her heavily made-up eyes and size-four body. Even though it was against policy, she went out with customers all the time. She probably knew way more about being kept that anyone in my acquaintance. 
“What do you mean?” I was afraid to hear her answer.
“Rich, sexy men like that give presents to women who won’t let them in their pants. Kinda like... I’ll buy you some diamonds and you spread your butt cheeks.”
“Amber!” Olive hissed. There were a few customers around. I glanced at Suit and Tie guy who was at his usual table. His eyes were on the Wall Street Journal, but I was pretty sure he’d been watching us. 
Amber smiled, her hazel eyes twinkling at me. “Keep your knees locked up tight, Stela. Tease him a little. Wait until your place is stocked up tight with his expensive gifts and then dump his ass! It’ll be great!”
I frowned as she walked away. 
“Don’t listen to her, she—” Olive was cut off when Amber spun around.
“Oh… see if you can get him to get you a few VIP passes to the new club that’s opening up off Broadway and 40th. God, I want into that club, so bad!” Amber hurried behind the counter to help another customer.
“This is not an I-wanna-F-you gift,” Olive whispered as she let the pendant drop to my chest. “That’s an I-wanna-make-you-mine gift.” I liked her version much more.
“But… I know he wants to sleep with me, Olive. What if this is a booty gift?”
“Do you think that he’d really do that? Is he the type?”
No... I didn’t really think he was. But then, I knew nothing about men—and absolutely nothing about the rules of sex. Moo would know. I reached for my cell phone in my back pocket, but Richard cleared his throat so loud a few customers jumped. Olive and I went back to work. Five minutes later we were in back, our conversation resumed over a bowl of sugar cookie dough.
“When you say he really wants you… what do you mean?” Olive asked. “Like really wants you or just wants you.” I thought about it and blushed.
“Oh god,” I moaned. “I don’t know!”
“If he gives you another expensive present when he picks you up tonight after your shift then you’ll know. I mean midnight is kind of late.” Olive said. She thought a moment. “But then… maybe he’s just a giving person.”
I nodded with hope.
“Or maybe he wants to bang you!” Richard said sarcastically. He had come up behind us so quietly that I didn’t know how long he had actually stood there, or what he’d heard. “Enough gossiping chit-chat, ladies, we’ve got customers to serve!”

***

I had just finished sweeping the store when there was a knock on the front door. I peered around the legs of a chair I had upturned onto the table and saw Caleb waving at me. I took my time walking toward the front door and didn’t open it right away.
“We’re closed, sir, you’ll have to come back at six!”
He hugged himself and I could see his chin trembling as he shivered. Smiling, I twisted the lock on the door and pushed it open. He slipped inside with a gust of cold wind and snow.
“Sorry, no more coffee,” I said as he stared down at me.
He grinned. “I don’t need coffee to warm me up, Es.” His lips were freezing and slightly chapped. I didn’t mind either sensation.
“I’m almost done.”
“Is it okay for me to come in?”
“Sure… just don’t eat anything—I’ve already inventoried the store.”
I walked back to my broom and tried to sway my hips seductively, but then stopped when I realized I probably looked like I was waddling. “What did you do today?”
“Um, besides get in a fight with Adam?” he laughed bitterly. I bent down to sweep up my pile of dirt and crumbs and waited for him to elaborate. “It really bothered me that he scared you like he did… sometimes he can go too far.”
“A lot of the times he can,” I corrected. I really wish Caleb didn’t know that I’d peed my pants, but it was done. “But I’m actually not mad anymore… I mean, I understood why he did it. I’ve been on guard ever since.”
“But he scared you so bad that you… that you….”
“Peed in my pants.” I nodded. “Not really a highlight of my life. Not very sexy.” I carried the dust pin to the nearest trash can.
“I think you’re sexy,” he said, coming up behind me. I leaned back against him and smiled. “Miss me?”
“No,” I sighed sarcastically. I trembled at the feel of his lips against my neck. I turned in his arms and stared up at him. His fingertips moved along the length of the necklace chain. He picked up the pendant and then let it fall again. His knuckles brushed my sternum and dipped a bit lower. Stupid Amber’s comments began playing in my head. “Did you miss me?” I asked.
“Yeah, I did.” Caleb smiled. “I did a lot actually….”
His look made me tremble.
“I need to say something,” I blurted out. His eyes met mine. Adrenaline rushed through my system as he looked at me with his beautiful green eyes. “I don’t know if I can keep this.” I touched the necklace.
“Why not? It’s not too much is it?”
“No, I love it.”
“Then why would you give it back to me?” He let me go and I wanted to jump back into his arms. We stared at each other for a long time before he said, “I don’t want something in return, Es.”
“I didn’t think so.” The words were out of my mouth too quickly; Caleb looked skeptical.
“But… you were concerned about it, weren’t you?”
I nodded, feeling ashamed for doubting his nice gesture. Stupid Amber! I’m going to fire her.
“Estela, I thought that we had agreed that you’d be in the driver’s seat.” His eyes searched mine with a kind of sadness that made me look away. I felt like the biggest ass for doubting his intentions. His hand found mine. “Is this too fast for you?” My mouth fell open, but no words came out. He let me go and stepped back. “Maybe it is....”
I shook my head and grabbed the lapels of his coat, pulling him to me as the broom slipped from my hand and clattered on the ground.
“It’s not too fast,” I whispered.
“You sure?” I closed my eyes at the warmth of his fingers on my skin. “Look at me.” I leaned against him and stared into his eyes. “Are you sure?” He repeated.
“Yes,” I answered. “But….” I tried to look away but his hand caught my cheek and he kept my eyes on his. “I’m not Moo, you know?”
“God, Es,” he groaned. “Why are you worried so much about what you look like?”
“Not that.” I rolled my eyes. “I’ve known that I’ll never look like Moo since we were seven. Not with all the donuts I eat, and besides, it really is in the genes for her. I was talking about Moo’s tendency to… jump into bed quickly with the men she dates. You’ve known her for a while—it’s even been in the tabloids.”
“Yes,” he said.
“I’m not like that at all,” I forced out. He stared, not really indicating that he understood. “So, what I’m saying is that I’m not ready for that… yet.” 
He stared at me for a few seconds too long and then smiled. “I hear you, Es. But I think you need a refresher course on what driving is.” He took me by the shoulders and then gave me a little shake. “You’re calling the shots in this relationship, Stela. I know that I can get… excited.” I think we both blushed. “But I have a good sense of your boundaries and when you’re about to freak out.”
I sighed. “Good, because I don’t know what the hell I’m doing.”
“…But since I can tell that you think I’m pressuring you….” He stepped back again and I grabbed his arm. My fingers slid down the wool sleeve of his coat and caught his hand. He smiled and stepped back in. He kissed me soundly, bending me backwards over the counter. It was just his lips at first and then a tentative touch. With each stroke I forgot where I was. The kiss quickly accelerated. I started to push myself up onto the counter to keep it from digging into my butt, but when my elbow hit the empty cookie stand and sent it clattering, I remembered where we were and the security cameras.
“Okay.” I ducked away. “Almost done… and Big Brother and all.” I picked up the broom. “And I’m sorry for the freak-out,” I said, glancing around to make sure that I’d swept up all of my dirt piles. “Amber just put a bunch of stupid thoughts in my head today, I’m sorry… I’m fine.” He stared at me with speculation. “Give me a few more minutes and then we can go. Where are we going anyway?”
“I was going to take you home,” Caleb answered as he ambled about the store. “I have a gift for you from Adam; he said that it’s to apologize for scaring you.” 
I rolled my eyes and headed to the back. Caleb followed. I put on my coat and laughed when he turned me around so that he could button it himself. I felt a twinge of excitement deep in my stomach. If I was turned on by the simple gesture of him buttoning my coat, I wasn’t sure how I’d respond when he was working buttons to remove clothes. He took my bags while I went to secure the delivery door. We walked through the cafe to the front door. Caleb stepped outside while I armed the security system.
Caleb opened the passenger door for me and I slipped in. Once behind the wheel, he started the engine and adjusted the temperature. He then reached into the back seat and brought forward a red gift bag. 
“Here’s Adam’s gift.”
I groaned. “Adam didn’t have to get me anything.” 
“It’s his way of apologizing,” Caleb said, peering at the bag with curiosity. I pulled out tissue paper and saw the colorful packaging of some kind of toy. I pulled the box from the bag and turned it around. My entire body went tight with irritation.
“He’s such a jackass.” 
“What is it?”
“It’s a Suzie Wets-A-Lot.”
“A what?” Caleb laughed.
“It’s a damn doll that pees its diaper when you give her a bottle.” Caleb’s eyes moved from the doll to mine and I saw the corner of his mouth turn up into the slightest smile. “Caleb Hood, this is not funny!” The small hole between the dolls little puckered pink lips stared at me. She came with a pink bottle and three diapers. “He’s such a jerk,” I grumbled, throwing the box into the back seat. Caleb fastened his seat belt and bit down on his lower lip to keep from laughing. His grin made me smile. “It’s not really funny.”
“He’s trying to apologize.”
“He sucks at apologies.” 
As Caleb pulled away from the curb, the doll suddenly cried out: “Mama!” 
We looked at each other. I tried to be mad, but Caleb was already laughing. Soon I was too.
Stupid Adam! I’d make him pay for that, I really would.

* * *
Chapter 28

* * *

I woke the next morning with Caleb’s body pressing against mine like a lit coal. It was nice having someone other than Moo cuddling up against me. However, the dampness of sweat on my back caused by our joint body heat made it unbearably warm. I carefully rolled in his arms. He didn’t stir or move away from me. I settled on my side, carefully uncovering my legs so they would cool down, and I watched him sleep. Twenty minutes passed before the morning hubbub, honking, and chatter of Chinatown made his face scrunch with annoyance. So cute.
Last night had been wonderful.
I had been a little hesitant to show Caleb my apartment, but it was clean and rather tidy. He said it was “cute.” This was after I quickly told him that it was usually a rat and roach infested mess, and how a recent extermination forced me to throw out a lot of stuff. He didn’t seem grossed out by these facts, and after a few glasses of wine, he happily climbed into my full-sized bed, filling me in on Paris until we were making out again, hot and heavy, rounding second base and heading to third. It was a night of self discovery for me. I learned how to reciprocate his touch. And by the intensity of his kisses, I learned that men just like to be touched—anywhere. Whenever I let my hands roam and whatever I touched had him moaning with appreciation. His moans were a major turn on.
Down on the street a few drivers laid into their horns, blowing endlessly. Caleb frowned and rolled onto his back. After a moment, he was asleep again. His lips were slightly parted; his breath coming out in short puffs. The blankets had come off him sometime in the middle of the night, which allowed me to really look at him now. He was wearing black boxer brief only. Right before we decided to cool it for the night, I had basically ripped his shirt off and flung it across the room. I think he might have taken that as an “I’m ready” cue because his jeans soon followed (as did mine), and for all intents and purposes it should have been the night. But I froze the moment he slipped his firm and soft body between my legs. And he then eased back until I wasn’t a frigid hag beneath him.
He didn’t let me apologize. We kissed for a long time after that, until his head fell heavily against my shoulder, his hand pressed warm against my side. He fell asleep first and I followed suit sometime after.
I watched his chest rise and fall and then looked lower to his soft belly. Unlike Adam, Caleb was completely soft in the middle. Well, he did have some muscle definition, but not a lot. I like that he had a bit of fluff. I felt less the gargantuan in his arms. I touched his belly button and grinned as his body jumped in response. His eyes flew open and he looked at me. Before I could say good morning, he had moved over me and his mouth was against mine. I ran my hands down his chest and smiled as he shuddered.
“Es,” he whispered against my ear.
I felt his tongue as he nibbled down my earlobe and over my neck. My skin danced with goose bumps. I felt his fingers at the neckline of my camisole; they moved down slowly over my breast and then lower over my stomach and hip. My toes curled. His hand came back up and cupped my breast as he moved completely over me, his mouth claiming mine. The feel of his hands on my body, the way he moved slowly between my legs so that I could feel him, made me arch my back with need.
“Caleb.” I didn’t recognize my own voice. A deep ache began between my legs.
“Es.” I felt his hand slip down my arched back and over my left butt cheek. An explosion of nerves ticked up and down my legs and I gasped and grabbed him.
“What?” he eyes open wide. “What’s wrong?”
“N-nothing,” I stammered. “It’s just…” I grabbed a handful of blankets as electric currents raced up and down my leg. “I think you hit a nerve or something….”
“You’re nervous?” He whispered against my mouth.
Hell yes, I was. “No.”
“You feel nice, Es.”
He dipped his head to my chest and again I arched to be closer to him. The need was so great I was trembling with it. He drew up slowly; our lower halves still very much connected, and carefully pulled the strap of my camisole down. We had gotten this far last night, but something about him seeing my twins in the early morning light, made me blush from head to toe. I bit down the nervousness that rolled up into my brain. He pulled the camisole down and dropped his head. His soft hair tickled my skin. Just as his tongue touched my nipple my phone blared with a ring that startled us both. I immediately grabbed for it, but Caleb beat me to it. He silenced the ring and intertwined his fingers with mine.
“Ignore it,” he whispered. I felt his tongue against my earlobe as his fingers found my nipple and his erection pressed the heat between my legs.
“W-wait!” I gasped and pushed him up. “Wait, wait a second…” He drew back onto his knees. He smiled and stared down at me, his eyes dancing with humor. “Wait.”
“I’m waiting,” he murmured.
“Something’s… wrong.” I slowly propped myself up. Morning light was streaming in through the tiny bedroom window and cast orange shadows against our skin. Caleb looked so sexy crouching back on his heels, not at all embarrassed by his arousal. He was taking deep breaths, calming himself no doubt. I was warm, content, and in a position that would bring me much joy and pleasure if I allowed it. But something was definitely wrong. His hand swept up my calf and then up and down my inner thigh.
“We don’t have to do this,” he whispered. “We can wait for it to be right.” His hand moved slowly down my hip and I trembled again as a bundle of nerves in my butt shot more electric pulses to my toes. I stared up at him as he gazed down at me. His cheeks and neck were pink. “I’m crazy about you, Estela.”
He kissed my chin and then nibbled on my lower lip. Again, his lower half met mine and I shuddered and wrapped my legs around him. He smiled while kissing me and ran his hand up my thigh. Holy shit, this is going to happen. I’m going to let this happen. 
My phone went off again.
This time after he grabbed it he handed it to me. “Turn it off.” His command was gentle, yet his voice was throaty and deep. I flipped open the phone and was about to power-down when I saw the time. 8:52.
8:52!
“Jesus, I’m late!” I scrambled across the bed and ran for the bathroom.
“Late?”
“SHIT!” I screamed after basing my toe into the bottom of the bathroom vanity. I jumped around for about a minute, squeezing my toe to get the pain to stop. “I can’t believe I overslept!”
“What time were you supposed to be there?”
“Six!” I cried. “Oh, my god… I don’t have time for a shower.” I came out of the bathroom and grabbed the pants I’d worn the day before. Caleb was lying on his stomach watching me with a little smile. “It’s not funny. Caleb, you need to get up, okay? You need to get dressed because I have to leave here in like two…” My phone rang. It was the store. I flipped it open.
“I’m coming, I’m coming!”
“Estela…” Richard barked.
“I know, I’m so, so, so, sorry!” I found fresh panties and a bra and hurried into the bathroom to change. “I can’t help that I overslept Richard! I’ll be there as soon as I can.” I stumbled out of the bedroom struggling to get my pants on while hurrying across the room at the same time. Caleb walked around the bed and handed me the sweater I was wearing yesterday. I pulled it over my head and was tugging one arm through when he grabbed my face and kissed me again. I swayed against him and wrapped one arm around his waist. The other was tangled up in my sweater. His fingers swept low and squeezed my butt. I drew back.
“Can you please get dressed? You’re distracting me.”
“Sure,” he smiled. I tugged my other arm through the sweater sleeve and watched Caleb’s languorous movements as he dressed, sliding in one leg and then the other. His eyes looked far, far away. He picked up his button down shirt and put it on, I stepped up to him and shooed his hands away.
“My turn,” I whispered.
I started at center of his shirt and fastened the buttons upward. Our eyes met as I dropped my hands back to the middle and started to button them down. His fingers curled over mine and slowly pushed my hands down from the buttons and against the front of his pants. It was the one place I hadn’t felt brave enough to touch, and I soon learned that it was the one place that really set him off. I laughed as he pushed me back onto the bed with a playful growl.
“You’re already late,” he said, “what’s a few more minutes?”
Sex with me is going to take a lot longer than that. 
I rolled away and off the bed, landing in a heap. “No,” I murmured, getting to my feet. I laughed as he grabbed me with ease and tossed me back onto my squeaky mattress. His hand slipped under my sweater and his fingers unhooked my bra.
“Caleb!”
“I’m leaving in a few hours anyway… let me just… feel you a bit more to get me through Thanksgiving.” The smile on his face made me blush. I touched his forehead and nodded. A few more minutes wouldn’t kill anyone but Richard; besides, I wanted to have a good story about third base to share with Moo. There would be no stealing of home that morning, but it was fun trying to get there.

***

Richard gave me hell when I finally arrived at work, an hour later, but I didn’t feel bad about it. He’d never understand that I had just had a major relationship breakthrough. He wouldn’t understand my need to spend fifteen more minutes making out in Caleb’s car after he asked me to be his girlfriend. It was so high school, and we laughed about it for a long time, but in truth, those words were exactly what I needed. Richard wouldn’t understand my need to pace up and down the sidewalk as I wondered, only for a moment, if being exclusive meant that something had happened with Kat Miller, or if he had been seeing someone else too before he asked me to be his girlfriend. Richard wouldn’t kill my excitement over having a boyfriend. I was finally optimistic about my relationship future.
“I don’t know what makes you think that coming in four hours late is acceptable,” Richard said for the third time. 
It is acceptable, because I have a sexy boyfriend who just put his hands all over my boobs. 
“Why are you smiling?” Richard demanded. “I am writing you up.”
“That’s fine,” I said.
“She’s never been late before,” Olive said quietly from where she stood near the refrigerators. “Why can’t you be lenient this once?”
“Because we had a line outside at six!” Richard shouted. “Because patrons had to wait fifteen minutes for coffee to brew! We lost customers today, Estela.”
More are gonna run out the door when they hear you screaming at me.
“They’ll be back,” I said. “Richard… everyone makes mistakes, if you think people are going to freak out and stop coming after one little mishap then you’re insane. I wasn’t the only one due at 6 am. Why didn’t someone try to call me earlier?” Richard didn’t have an answer for that. He still glared at me.
“Stela, you have a phone call,” Amber said through the headset. I walked over to Richard’s office and grabbed the cordless phone from the wall. I took off my headset and muted it.
“This is Estela Ramos.”
“…Estela.”
I grasped the doorframe of the office. Of all the people to call me, I was not expecting Dr. Pervo’s desperate, quiet voice. Frozen, I gripped the phone and waited for him to say something, when he didn’t, I had to find my voice.
“I… I don’t think you’re supposed to have any contact with me, Dr. Martinez, not in person and not on the phone. Goodbye.” I started to hang up when his next words caught me. 
“I saw you, Estela. I saw you with him.”
My right knee went out and I nearly fell. I made it to Richard’s desk chair, barely. My mouth watered several times. I kept my breakfast down, but the new cramp low in my belly threatened to push it up. 
He took a shaky breath. “I thought you loved me.” Was he crying? “I thought you cared, Estela, how could you let another man put his hands on you?”
“Dr. Martinez, I think that you need to get some help.” I kept my voice as calm as possible while the rest of me shook as if it were fifteen degrees in the office. “Maybe you should see someone and be put on medications.”
“I don’t need medications!” He shouted. I shook my head, pulling the phone from my ear. I was going to hang up on him, but again, his next words stopped me. “I watched him touch your perfect breasts. I watched him put his hand between your legs. I watched him touch you and lick you, and….” 
I jumped up and slammed the phone back to the cradle. It flew off and hit the floor and broke into three pieces. The batteries danced against the floor until they settled and rolled out of sight. I sank back into Richard’s chair.
“What’s wrong?” Olive asked as she touched me. Richard was right behind her. Suddenly my lungs closed up and I couldn’t get more than little sips of air. Olive was quick to respond. She ran out of the office and returned with a paper bag before Richard had the time to blink. “Bend over, breathe into this.”
By the time I was able to catch a full breath, I was sobbing too.
“Oh shit, someone died,” I heard Amber say. 
“Go back out front,” Richard said.
“Keep your head down,” Olive said. “Try to take deep breaths.” 
I tried, but it took another ten minutes until I could breathe deep again.
“He said he’s w-watching me,” I whispered. Olive was sitting on the floor her face by my knees.
“Who?” she asked. “Wait, not that doctor….”
I nodded, my lungs squeezing. “He said that he s-saw us, saw me, saw… saw… in my bed….” I waved my hands in front of my face. Olive grabbed my shoulders and forced me to hug my knees. I breathed into the bag a few more times.
“How could he see anything? Where were you?”
“At my apartment,” I said. 
“Maybe he was just saying that he saw you just to make you upset. Maybe he didn’t see—”
“He did!” I cried. “He said things that… I haven’t said to anyone. Things that happened between me and Caleb. He saw me, Olive. He did.”
“This is so scary,” she whimpered. “Richard… what can we do?”
“How could he have been watching you?” Richard asked, unconvinced. “Was he in your closet or something?”
The thought made my stomach hurt even worse. “I don’t have a closet. But, he’s been in the building.” I shook my head.
“Cameras?” Olive’s voice was so quiet it took my ears a while to register the word.
I didn’t want to believe that he could have been in there snooping through my things while planting bugs and video surveillance equipment. 
“I need to call the police; I need to go home….”
“Okay.” Richard said. “Okay… you can do that. Take today and tomorrow off—since its Thanksgiving… go ahead.” I didn’t argue with him because it wasn’t like Richard to be so generous, especially after I screwed up so royally that morning.
“I’ll go with you, if you want.” Olive said. There was no way Richard was letting two of us go. Olive was forced to stay behind, but Moo promised to meet me and Officer Brentwood at my apartment. I debated on calling Caleb. His plane wasn’t leaving until two, and I wanted him to be there. Although I knew it would bite me later, I decided not to call him. The sooner Caleb got away from me, the safer he would be from Dr. Pervo.

* * *
Chapter 29

* * *

“Do you know what type of cameras they were?” Adam asked me over the phone. “The make, the model? Maybe I can get a friend to trace it.”
I had just finished telling Caleb about the surveillance cameras Officer Brentwood and Detective Jennings had found in my air vents when Adam took the phone away from his brother as the yelling started. And by yelling I mean that Caleb raised his voice slightly. He was just frustrated and scared, and I’m sure a little angry that I’d let him get on his flight across country. I was glad for Adam’s interruption because I had been dangerously close to tears.
I wasn’t expecting a detective to take over the case, but when Jennings, a young man with brown hair and brown eyes, strode into my apartment building, everything took on a new sense of urgency, and fear. With my restraining order in place (thanks to Adam’s connections) the police department had taken a fast and sudden interest in me. There was even talk of a protective detail, which I felt was extreme. Of all Moo’s stalkers, not once did the police offer to protect her 24/7.
“Do you think that’s weird?” I asked Adam. “About the police protection?”
“They’re probably covering their bases for not taking you seriously,” he said. For once his voice wasn’t teasing or sarcastic. “How many cameras were there?”
“Um, four,” I said, “two in the bedroom, one in the living room, and one in my ba-bathroom.” I cleared my throat and clutched my stomach, waiting for this latest cramp to pass. “The police took them as evidence and then fingerprinted my apartment. They questioned Mr. Zhang and they will question the exterminators.”
“Is your pervert rich?” Adam asked.
“Adam, give me my damn phone!” Caleb cried. He still wasn’t shouting.
“He’s just a little upset,” Adam said. “He’ll calm down in a minute… don’t cry, okay?” I used the collar of my sweater to wipe away the tears on my cheeks.
“Es?” Caleb’s voice filled my ear. The tears poured in earnest. Caleb cursed and then sighed. “Estela you should have told me.”
“I want to keep you safe!”
“I’m not a fragile toy, you know,” he said. “I might not be as muscular as Adam, and I definitely don’t have his training, but I can protect you.”
“After he slashed your tires I had this fear that he would go after you instead of me,” I said. “I’m sorry that I didn’t call you when it happened.” 
“I’m looking into flights to come back,” Caleb said.
“No, it’s Thanksgiving! Stay with your family. I’m safe at Moo’s and I’m not going back to the apartment until Detective Jennings finds Dr. Martinez and locks him up.”
“Estela?” Moo said from the doorway. “Detective Jennings just called. He questioned Dr. Pervo’s family, but they don’t know where he is.” 
I looked toward the open window and gestured for Moo to close the curtains. She did so immediately even though we were several floors up from street-level viewing. If the man could get cameras into my apartment, he was likely perched on a nearby rooftop with binoculars. 
“So, you’ll stay with Moo?” Caleb asked. “Is that where I’ll find you?”
“Tonight, yes,” I said. “But tomorrow we’re driving out to Tio’s. I’ll stay there until Saturday morning.”
“I don’t think he’ll try anything,” Adam said in the background. “He likely saw the cops at her place and is spooked.”
“Adam didn’t hear the desperation in his voice, Caleb,” I said, my voice trembling. He didn’t see the serious look on Detective Jennings face as he reached up to remove the vent casing on my wall, or hear his quiet curse when he found the miniature camera. I wasn’t putting anything past Dr. Pervo. He would try something. He was probably standing on the street a block away, waiting for the perfect moment. 
“What happens now?” Caleb asked.
“The police are investigating,” I answered. “What if he put those images on a website or something? What if… what if my boob starts floating around on cyberspace? What if my mother sees? Oh god… is this going to hurt your career?”
“How would it hurt my career?” I heard a smile in his voice, but it wasn’t funny. My imagination was already conjuring up the tabloids splashed with my semi-naked body with headlines like Star Photographer Chases Chubster. “Estela?” Caleb laughed. “Please stop.”
“What about the tabloids?” I whimpered.
“We’re nobodies, babe,” he said. “I’m going to book a flight back to Manhattan tomorrow.”
“No, that’s not necessary,” I said in my best mature Estela voice. “I swear… I’m… I’m fine. You need to stay with your family.”
“Well, I just booked the flight, so I’ll be there tomorrow,” he said. The tightness in my chest and ache in my stomach settled slightly. “Keep your phone on, okay?”
“Okay.” We said a quiet goodnight. I closed my phone and stared at it until it blurred. Moo’s arms came around me and that was all it took for the dam to break.
“Oh my god!” I cried. “He’s going to sell my naked body to the tabloids. This will ruin Caleb’s life.”
Moo shook her head, shushing me. “I know you like to think you’re famous, but…”
“I’m only famous around you,” I realized. “Caleb’s just a photographer… we are nobodies, like he said.”
“I think Dr. Pervo would want to keep any pictures or videos for himself.”
I gasped and flopped back against the mattress. “Don’t say that. I don’t want to picture him touching himself to my intimate moments with Caleb.”
Moo curled up beside me. “So… what did happen with you and Caleb?”
I met her blue eyes and smiled. “We didn’t have sex,” I said. Her excitement slumped a little. “But we got really close. I mean, I’ve never gone that far with anyone. I was practically naked with him and wasn’t self-conscious about it. But each time we got to that point I became a frigid statue.” I looked at her. “Why?”
“You’re probably not ready,” Moo said, “which is fine.” She started to get up, moving off the bed. I grabbed for her. I didn’t want to be a baby about the whole situation, but having someone right next to me was so comforting.
“Where are you going?”
“To get the door,” she answered. A moment later the bell sounded. My eyes grew big. Moo just smiled. “It’s Tio… I figured he’d be here about now.” She raced out of the room.
I closed my eyes, quietly preparing for Tio’s explosion. 
“Stupid, pendejo!”
He came into the bedroom a moment later and flipped on the overhead lights. I sat up in bed and closed my eyes as he cupped my cheeks. “Are you hurt, Butterlips?”
“No,” I whispered. But I was. I hurt all over; mind, body, and heart. I held him as tightly as I could. “He has to stop, Tio.”
“This nonsense will stop.” He stroked my hair. “I will kill him. I don’t care about the consequences.”
“Stop!” I cried, drawing back. “One Adam in my life is enough.”
He kissed my forehead and tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. “Are you girls packed?”
“Yes, I packed our things.” Moo was pulling two suitcases out of the room.
“Wait… I thought we were going tomorrow.”
“No, now.” Tio kissed my cheeks and stood. “Get up.” When Moo shrugged as if it were inevitable, I did as he asked. The fact that she was going to Queens for Thanksgiving, although she would surely have to face her parents, was big. I knew she was doing it for me. I wrapped her in a sudden, aggressive hug. 
“I love you,” I whispered. Moo laughed and squeezed me back. “Thank you for coming home with me.” I would need her strong presence when I faced my mother. 
“I’m sorry Dr. Martinez invaded your privacy, Estela,” my uncle said. “But I am also glad that he couldn’t have seen anything since you’ve been here with Moo for days.” I cringed, bringing Tio’s words to an abrupt halt. I should have been safe from the cameras because I had promised him that I would stay in Manhattan. Tio’s eyes narrowed. “You were here, yes?”
“I went to my apartment last night.” He started to raise his voice in protest so I quickly went on. “Dr. Martinez hadn’t made any effort to contact me in a long time so I thought it was okay. Normally I just sit around and do nothing in my apartment. But… last night Caleb stayed over.” 
I really didn’t know what possessed me to share so much. I did tell Tio almost everything; however, these intimate details were so new to me. We’d never been in this position before. His eyes widened and his brown cheeks turned red. I was expecting a lot of reactions, but anger was not one.
“WHAT!” he shouted.
“Tio….”
“What do you mean he spent the night? Did you… did he? Oh!” My uncle began to pace. He suddenly seemed more upset about Caleb staying over than about Pervo putting cameras in my vents. “Where is he?”
“I don’t know where Dr. Pervo is,” I said in a small voice. Tio glared. “Caleb’s in Washington with his family.”
Tio made a wild hand gesture. “Get him on the phone.”
“No, Tio.”
“Yes. I want to speak with him.”
Moo looked horrified. She shook her head and grabbed my cell phone out of my hand.
“Tio.”
“He must marry you, Estela, he must.” He kicked at the air in frustration.
“Why?” I gasped.
“You let that man stay in your bed.” 
“Yes… but I didn’t sleep with him, Tio.” I bristled. “Not that it would be any of your business if I did. I’m not a child you know.”
“But you are a respectful woman whom Tia and I raised with morals.”
“Tio, you’re so archaic.” 
“Don’t call me old,” he snapped. I thought I saw a small smile curl up one corner of his mouth, but then he was back to being angry again. “If he spent the night, he must marry you.”
“I’m not marrying him because we slept in the same bed. Please, Tio, don’t be dramatic like Mother.” I grabbed his shoulders. “And please don’t think the worst of me. I didn’t do anything wrong… and even if I had slept with him I wouldn’t marry him just because we had sex.” My uncle stared at me as if I had lost my mind. “It is my choice who I marry and for what reasons, understand?” 
He stared at me for what felt like forever, and then he smiled as if his tirade was only a play. “I like that you have a mind, Estela,” he said kissing my cheeks. “But I will have words with that boy.”
“He’s a man, Tio.” 
“No.” He shook his head vigorously. “No, you are too young for a man.”
“You would rather me be with a boy who pressures me into having sex when I’m not ready.”
Tio made a gagging noise. “Don’t talk about sex with me.”
I laughed and shook my head. “Caleb’s a great man, Tio.”
“I just want you happy—I don’t want some idiot to hurt my little girl.” Tio sighed. “I need to clean my pistol.” Rolling my eyes, I pulled him out of the bedroom. At some point, he would learn that I wasn’t a little girl anymore—no matter how much he wanted me to be.

Tio helped the limo driver load our things into the trunk, he then decided to ride shot gun leaving Moo and I in the back. I would have preferred one more day in Manhattan with Moo instead of heading to Queens early. With all that was happening, I wasn’t ready to face my mother. After Maria’s Tacos I made the decision that I wouldn’t speak to her again until she apologized to me.
“Just ignore her,” Moo said. “We’re only going tonight because Tio thinks we’ll be safer there. You were going to have to face her regardless.”
“Why does he think we’ll be safer at street level than in a building with a doorman? If Dr. Pervo shows up, Tio might just shoot him in the head. Then what?”	
“Problem solved?”
“Oh Moo,” I sighed. She patted my knee and then we settled in quietly, listening to the sounds of the road. “I won’t feel comfortable until Dr. Pervo’s locked behind bars.” 
“I think we’ll all feel better when that happens.”
Forty-five minutes later the limo turned into our old neighborhood. I felt both comforted by and wary of the sights and familiarity. 
“Estela, look!” Moo pointed out the window as the limo pulled parked in front of my aunt and uncle’s house. I followed Moo’s finger to a huge seven-foot blow up turkey dancing on the white snow covering the front yard. I smiled. Tia was a holiday decorating Nazi. She had pulled out all the stops this Thanksgiving. I looked over to Moo’s house, which was dark and boring. Paulina probably had an epileptic fit of terror when she saw Tio dragging that turkey into the yard.
Moo pushed the door open and slid out of the limo; I followed. She took my arm and we walked slowly up the sanded drive way. I glanced over at Moo’s house again because I knew she wouldn’t. Her father was smoking on the porch, his eyes on us. He smiled when our eyes met and then waved. I hugged Moo’s arm against my side and then waved back. Moo didn’t look over once, but the moment we were in the house she wilted and I was the one to hold her up and help her into a kitchen chair.
“Oh, Estela.” Tia rushed to me. I was in her arms in seconds. She kissed my cheek and then squeezed me tightly. “Are you okay?”
“My tummy hurts,” I whimpered like a seven-year-old. She cooed at me and promised to make me some of her special tea. I watched her embrace Moo in a tight hug before hurrying to the stove to put the kettle on. I took off my boots and hung up my coat. With two cups of tea, each with a dollop of honey, Moo and I went to my old room, where a queen-sized airbed had been inflated. Tio stopped by to show us his newly cleaned pistol.
“Please put that away,” I moaned. “Tio… you’re not going to use that on anyone.”
“Until that man is in prison, I will have this gun on me at all times.”
“You will not!” Tia shouted from their bedroom. He tucked the gun into the front of his pants and chuckled when both Moo and I gasped in horror.
“It’s not loaded,” he said. “I’ll put the bullets in tomorrow.”
“No, you will not!” Tia yelled.
Tio patted the gun and then closed my bedroom door, shouting at Moo to get up and lock it since she was closest to the door. 
“He can’t carry that gun around,” I said when Moo returned to our air mattress. 
“He won’t,” she murmured. “Not when everyone—and kids—are here tomorrow.”
“I really hope you’re right,” I sighed. “I really hope so.”

***

The next morning I was the last one to roll out of bed. Everyone was in the kitchen prepping for Thanksgiving dinner or eating cinnamon rolls. Moo was tearing apart a particularly large, gooey roll when she spotted me. Her eyes immediately went to my mother who was standing at the stove, stirring something boiling in a pot and something else in a cast-iron skillet. I chewed on the inside of my cheek and crossed my arms.
As if sensing me, Mother turned, the spoon slipping from her hand.
“Estela….” She came to me, her hand outstretched. She drew back before touching me. “Estela, I’m so sorry… I had no idea that Dr. Martinez was capable of any of this.”
I glared. “That’s what you’re sorry for?”
She acted like I didn’t say anything. “Ralph was always so professional, so sweet with me. He asked about you in only kind, professional ways. I never thought he was some kind of pervert.” She shuddered and turned back to her pot. “I mean… he’s been my gynecologist for years and….”
“What?” Moo and I shouted in unison. She looked at us both as if we’d lost our minds. Moo’s glare had an extra edge of annoyance.
“You mean to tell me that he’s been,” I lowered my voice because Tio and Monkey had just entered the kitchen, “he’s been poking you down there for years?”
“Don’t be crass, Estela,” she snapped. “And yes, I told you he was a doctor. How else would I know a doctor? I only go to one doctor for those special visits.” Oh god, I’m going to vomit. “And I did say that he was a professional at all times.” Her voice grew defensive. “He always had a nurse with him... I never felt threatened.”
“Why on earth did you think I’d like him?” I cried. I wasn’t upset that he was a gyno, there were lots of men out there with that profession. However, it was creepy to think they’d had discussions about me when she had her feet in stirrups and her legs apart, while Dr. Pervo peered at her lady parts and shoved medical instruments inside her. “Why did you push him on me? I told you from that first day that I was not interested, but you kept on pushing!”
“You’re shouting,” Monkey said with his mouth full of cinnamon roll.
I didn’t care. This was an important conversation.
“That man is thirty years older than me,” I went on, “he invaded my personal space from the minute you introduced him to me. He put his hands all over me—and his penis!”
“WHAT?” Tio bellowed at the same time Jorge spit out what was in his mouth and started choking.
“He rubbed against me,” I explained. “I felt it.” 
Monkey opened his mouth to say something but I waved him off. “It wasn’t his cell phone!” My cousin’s mouth snapped shut. I turned back to my mother realizing that I was technically within her slapping distance; again, I didn’t care. “That man got into my apartment somehow and hid cameras, mamá. Cameras!”
“Oh shit,” Monkey muttered. 
“Why did you force him on me?” The last words were a struggle to get out. I didn’t want to cry, not in front of her, but the tears were coming.
“Because, Estela, that first night I thought you were just playing coy.”
“COY!” I cried. “Are you serious right now? Do you even know me? I locked myself in the bathroom for forty minutes just to get away from him!” 
“I thought you were being your overly dramatic self!” She shouted back. “You say no to all of the men I think are good for you, even the good ones.” There were no good ones. “Now,” she turned back to her pot, “I already apologized for not seeing the true man behind the mask. What more do you want?”
“That’s all you’re going to apologize for?” I asked. I could almost feel the biting sting of her hand against my cheek again. Although she wasn’t looking at me, I saw something in her eyes go dark, her face went blank.
“What else would I apologize for?” She asked casually. “I have nothing else that I’m sorry for, Estela.”
“Marianna,” my uncle began.
“No, Sylvester… I have nothing more to say!” She snapped.
So she wasn’t going to apologize for slapping me twice, the public humiliation that came with it, or for the way she had treated Adam. That was fine. I didn’t care.
“I’m not surprised that you won’t own up to hurting me,” I said, leaning in so only she could hear me. “You think you can do no wrong. And sometimes I hate you for that.”

* * *
		Chapter 30

* * *

Mother breathed in sharply at my words and I stormed away. I went to my room, full of guilt and remorse. I closed the curtains and used a chair to peer into the ceiling vent. When I was sure that all was clear I took a long shower and put on fresh PJs. Burrowed beneath blankets and cradled by pillows, I dipped in and out of sleep. I was determined to stay buried beneath quilts and sheets until Thanksgiving was over. I didn’t even come out to help with the tamales, which hurt Tia’s feelings. Not even Moo could draw me out of my cave of pity.
“Stela?” Moo whispered. “You awake?” I opened my eyes and stared at the ceiling. Moo sat beside me and under our combined weight the air mattress shifted and we nearly rolled off together. I scooted to the middle and she sat beside me. “Caleb said you shut your cell phone off.”
“Oh… I… no.” I shook my head. “I think my bag’s in the kitchen. Do you think I should break up with Caleb?” 
“What?” Moo cried. “That’s the stupidest idea you’ve ever had. Why are you even asking?”
“Because maybe if Dr. Pervo finds out that Caleb and I aren’t seeing each other anymore then he’ll back off a bit.” I rolled onto my side. “Maybe he’ll leave us both alone.”
“I think you’ll be miserable without Caleb.”
“I would.”
“That crazy talk is done, right?” 
I nodded.
“Good,” she sighed. “John’s here.”
I frowned. Why is John Amyntas here? I barely knew the guy. 
“He said he has something for you from Adam.”
“Oh god… what a Johnny Wets A-lot?”
I heard John laugh just outside my door. Moo patted my knee and then got up. John came in once Moo nodded to him that it was okay. Every time I saw him he took my breath away a little. He really was god-like, so tall, with amazing skin, and startling gray eyes. He hadn’t taken off his coat, which meant that he wasn’t staying long. The last thing I wanted was for John and Tio to shop talk—if they hadn’t already.
One thing I did appreciate about John, despite his broad shoulders and huge body, was that he was far less intense than Adam. John knew how to turn off the commando warrior, although he could probably never be some random Joe like Suit and Tie Guy from Java Loo. There was something about him that screamed military.
I sat up and pulled the blankets around me. “Hi, John.”
“Hey, Estela,” he said, giving me a sympathetic smile. “Adam wanted me to give this to you.” He handed me a leather box about nine inches long and three inches wide. It was heavy in my hands. “Oh, his message was to ‘sleep with it.’” I frowned and lifted the lid from the box. Inside was a knife. The black leather handle had finger grips made for a giant hand and good traction. I took it out of the box and removed the hard leather sheath. It had a jagged blade and tip that curved up into a sharp point.
“Are you kidding me?” I asked. “Do you need a permit to buy a knife like this?” I bet I could cut off someone’s arm!
“No,” John laughed. “Adam did go a bit overboard. But won’t it give you a little peace of mind to have it?”
“Or it’ll slice through the pillow stuffing and stab me in the throat!” I shook my head and slid the sheath carefully over the blade. “I don’t want it.”
“Keep it,” John said. “After a while I can help you find something a bit smaller and teach you how to use it. I doubt you’ll need the training after all of this is said and done, but it’s a precaution. And let’s face it—the man’s taken away your sense of security.”
“This machete doesn’t make me feel any more secure.” I set the knife box on the nightstand. “You left your family to bring me one of Adam’s sadistic gifts?”
“I don’t have a family… just the Plaza Hotel, some ESPN, and a box of store bought Thanksgiving sugar cookies.” He smiled, although he seemed a little sad. I wondered why he didn’t go home with Adam. They were obviously friends. “Look, I’m not going to intrude on your holiday with your family. I just wanted to let you know that I’m going to be in the neighborhood.”
Something about that didn’t comfort me at all. I didn’t want him staking out the house looking for Dr. Pervo. It wasn’t John’s job to protect me. And it certainly wasn’t Adam’s place to order his friends about.
“You don’t have to do everything that Adam tells you to do,” I said firmly. John smiled a little and I saw doubt in his eyes. Maybe he did have to do everything Adam said.
“You know, Estela,” John began, “you’re letting him have more control over you than he deserves to have. Hiding back here, fearing him, upturning your life with the fear that your boob will be all over the Internet.” I moaned and flopped back, bouncing the bed and myself. “What good is that going to do you?” 
I got what he was saying, but I didn’t want to hear it.
“Thanks, John.” I reached over and grabbed his big hand to give it a squeeze. “You should stay here and have dinner.”
“Your aunt suggested I do the same,” he said, blushing a little. “It does smell good.” 
It smelled amazing; I’d been trying to ignore that. John stared at me for a moment longer and then left the room when Tio appeared in the doorway and asked if he wanted a beer. The moment John agreed he was ambushed. Tio, Monkey, and a few other cousins wanted to know what teams he liked, and Tia damn near wrangled him out of his coat. She then came into my room to put it across Mother’s sewing table. 
“Get out of bed!” Her tone was completely no-nonsense. I pushed the blankets down and rolled off the mattress. Tia nodded in approval when I was on my feet. “Get dressed and comb your hair. You will not wear pajamas to Thanksgiving dinner.”
“Si, tia.” 
Despite my crappy mood, Thanksgiving dinner was perfect and fun. I think everyone was charmed by John who cracked jokes in a brutally-flawed Spanish, and treated both my aunt and mother (although she didn’t deserve it) like queens. It was long past eleven before John left and we all went to bed stuffed to the gills. Tio made the rounds of the house and yard with his pistol, and then got into a huge argument with Tia who forbade him entry into their bedroom for not listening to her about the gun. His banishment lasted ten minutes. 
Moo didn’t want to sleep with the knife under our pillows so I kept it on the windowsill, out of the sheath, ready for action.

***

I ventured out of the room the next morning before anyone was up. I made myself eggs and toast smothered in cranberry sauce and sat on the kitchen floor away from all windows. Tio found me hunkering on the floor. He clapped his hands twice, so loudly I jumped. 
“We are not dogs, Estela Marianna Ramos!” He cried “We do not eat on the floor.” He stole my plate and placed it on the table. The chair he pulled out scraped against the floor. After hoisting me off the ground, Tio frowned at what remained of my breakfast. “You need more food.” He commented. “Pancakes?”
“Sure.” I slipped into the chair and glanced over my shoulder to back of the house. The latch to the door leading in from the garage had always been faulty, not to mention that Tio never locked the back door. My eyes flew to the yard and the old swing, and then higher to what remained of our old tree house. I didn’t worry that Dr. Pervo had climbed the tree to hide up there because the warped, rotten wood of what remained would’ve never held his weight. I was more concerned that he’d become besties with Paulina Hart and was now using her backyard to spy on us through holes in the fence.
Tio whipped up pancakes in no time and soon we were both eating hearty stacks. 
“Estela, no more hiding,” he said as he handed me the syrup. “I know you’re upset that this man has invaded your privacy, but you cannot hide for the rest of your life.”
“But my boob….”
“Ay! So what?” My uncle waved his hand dismissively. “I’m sure it’s a nice boob… you have nothing to be ashamed of.”
Face reddening, I laughed. “Tio, it’s not that simple.”
“Of course it is,” he said. “If you were to think about yourself more as the beautiful woman you are and not a Donut Hole you’d know that you have nothing to be concerned about.” I didn’t disagree or agree. I still didn’t want my body plastered over some man’s computer screen or on some BBW fetish site. Plus, I sometimes had a hard time believing Tio’s sweet words. He was my uncle after all—he was supposed to love me unconditionally. I folded my pancake in half and cut a piece off. We ate silently for several minutes before my uncle reached over and rubbed my back. “Don’t be ashamed of your boob, Estela.”
“Okay,” I laughed, squirming. “Can you stop saying boob… it’s weird.”
My uncle grinned and shrugged his shoulder. “How’s ta-ta? Chi-chi?”
“Stop!” I laughed. “Please stop….”
“I call your tia’s musk melons.” He growled.
“Sylvester!” my aunt hissed as she came into the kitchen. “What on earth is wrong with you telling her something like that?” She folded her arms across her chest; her brown cheeks turning a muted, but pretty, pink. Tio stood very slowly, it was a predatory move that made my aunt smile and glance at me. She shot him a firm look and shook her head once. He continued to prowl, sliding toward her one step at a time. She backed herself into the pantry, her eyes glued to his. The desire in her eyes made me blush. It was as if for a second she’d forgotten I was even in the room. When she remembered, her face and body language became firm. “No, stop it. Stop it!”
She scolded him as if he were a bad puppy. And if I wasn’t mistaken I think he growled. Tia let out a little squeak as my uncle grabbed her and pushed her back against the accordion doors that hid the washer and dryer.
“Bésame,” he growled.
“Stop… stop!” My aunt slapped at his arms playfully as he kissed up and down her neck. She grabbed a handful of his hair and tried to yank his head away, but he wasn’t deterred. “Estela’s watching,” she hissed. Tia struggled to free herself. She gave Tio’s shoulder a sharp smack and he released her, but not before trying to untie her robe, muttering: “Estela’s a woman now; she’s let a man touch her. She knows what this is.”
Oh god. I shoveled a huge wad of pancake into my mouth and hid my face as Tia went to the stove, smoothing her hair and straightening her robe.
“Is this true, Estela?” She asked, grabbing the coffee pot. She dumped out the dregs from yesterday and began scrubbing. She jumped when Tio grabbed her backside with both hands. 
“Okay, that’s enough,” I said in my best adult voice. “Honestly, I’m a child.”
Tio turned to me. “You let a man touch your boob.”
I dropped my fork. “Oh. My. God.”
The front door banged open startling all of us; I shivered at the cold wind that blew in.
“I brought tacos!” Jorge called. “Hey-a, Papa.”
“Monkey… I told you that it wasn’t necessary to bring tacos,” Tia said as she pulled her son into her arms. She coddled Jorge; always had, always would. He was her only son and he took massive advantage of that. Tio couldn’t control Jorge like he could me. But I didn’t mind doing whatever Tio told me to do. Especially when I knew he was always looking out for my best interest. Tia fussed over Jorge’s sagging jeans, pulling them up to his skinny waist. They only fell again, barely catching his hip bones. “You’re such a good boy.”
“Please,” I grumbled. Jorge stuck his tongue out at me.
“Ah… ma!” he jerked away and wiped her kisses from his cheek. He set the bag of tacos down on the table. I grabbed the bag with “bacon” scrawled across. “Oh, gringo alert! Some guy was getting out of a cab in front of the house. Another one of your friend’s, Estela? Since you’re too good to hang out with your own people. Your hombres.” Ignoring his jab, I got up and went to the living room to peer out the window as discretely as possible. I didn’t see anything but a big black van parked across the street. John?
A loud knock on the screen door made me jump. My uncle held up his hand to keep me from answering it. It was then that I noticed he had his pistol tucked in the back of his jeans. I hated that gun. With my stomach in knots, I watched as he opened the door and stared at the visitor for several long seconds. He then leaned in and pushed the screen door open. My heart squeezed in my chest as Caleb walked in. I might have moaned or cried out; whatever my reaction, it was numbed quickly by shock of seeing him standing there.
Caleb nodded to my uncle while reaching out for me. His arms were around me in less than a second.
“Everything’s going to be just fine, I promise,” he whispered. I trembled as his hands stroked my back and his fingers combed through my tangled hair. When his mouth found mine, heat surged through my body. I stood up on my toes and returned his kiss, ignoring Tio’s tsking and Monkey’s low whistles. Caleb drew back first and tilted my chin up. He kissed me again. Not holding back this time, I whimpered as his tongue met mine.
“Wow, jeez… back off, Casanova.” Monkey drew us apart and looked Caleb up and down several times. “You got a name, friend? You think I let random chumps tongue my prima like that?” Monkey puffed up his chest and tried to make his smaller frame seem impressive. Caleb towered over him by a foot and definitely wasn’t impressed by Monkey’s peacocking. 
“Jorge, this is my boyfriend, Caleb Hood.”
“Whaaaaaaat?” Jorge stretched out the word in a way that was very similar to Tia. “Estela’s got a boyfriend?” He gave me an appraising look. “You got him on your own too?” Monkey looked back at Caleb; his eyes narrowed.
“Quit gaping at him like that,” Tia said as she pulled her son back. I watched as she too gave Caleb an appraising look. “Caleb… I’m Estela’s aunt, Amilia.” She held out her hand and blushed when Caleb kissed her knuckles. She fanned her face and gave me an approving look. I smiled and reached out to take Caleb’s hand. “Well Caleb, welcome to our home—I insist that you stay for Thanksgiving dinner.”
Caleb looked at me, confused, “Um, thank you, Mrs. Ramos.”
“We have Thanksgiving dinner until Sunday,” I explained. “And then she puts the Christmas tree up and we decorate.”
“Estela, take his coat.” My aunt instructed. “Would you like some breakfast, Caleb?”
“We have tacos,” Monkey said crossing his arms. “You do know what tacos are, right, friend?” I slapped his arm and pushed him away before turning. I shooed Caleb’s hands away and began unbuttoning his coat. He stopped me midway, his cheeks a little pink. His eyes darted to Tio and then to me. Everyone was watching us, Tia with a happy smile, and Tio… well, I wasn’t sure how to define his expression. To cut the tension, Caleb turned to Monkey.
“Um, no,” he said. “I don’t know what tacos are.”
My cousin’s mouth fell open. I laughed and flicked his ear. “He knows what tacos are, stupido. He’s not an alien.” 
“Oh, he’s got jokes,” Monkey said, his chest inflating again. “He’s a funny man.”
I drew Caleb across the kitchen. “Sorry… he’s a bit of an ass.” I stood on my toes and brushed my lips over his. The kiss was brief but enough to make me tingly all over. 
“I took a red eye.” He stroked my cheek with his fingertips.
“Your mom’s going to hate me for taking you away.”
“I needed to get out, to be honest,” he said. “I hadn’t been back there in a while and the attention was a bit all consuming.” I took a clean plate from the cabinet and fixed him a plate while he continued to tell his story. “When I announced that I was going to school to become a photographer instead of sticking around the family business, my father was pretty upset. Furious, actually. I love where I grew up, the ranch is amazing, but I never really saw myself digging into the horse and hound business.”
“Not Adam’s either,” I commented.
“Yeah, but Adam does something with his life,” Caleb said. There was a slight bitterness to his voice, which told me that this was a reoccurring conversation. “He saves the country while I go around taking pictures of it.” I put my arms around him and kissed his jaw. “Being home is sometimes difficult. Dad’s not angry anymore, but I think that’s because I made something of myself. Still, there’s this underlying tone that I should be more active in the business. I’ll probably never shake it. So… here I am. Mom understood.”
“I’m sorry still,” I said, holding his hand in both of mine.
“I promised her that I’d be there for Christmas, and…” he grimaced a little and kissed me, “I said that I’d bring you with me.” I stared up at him my mouth fell open a little. Caleb rubbed my shoulders. “She insisted… I’ve never dropped anything for a girlfriend before. She knows you’re special to me.” His fingers, now hot, moved over my cheeks as he drew me up for another long kiss. I heard my uncle clear his throat. Caleb immediately backed away. Blushing I dropped my arms from his neck and glanced at his half unbuttoned coat. I went to work on the last few.
“Es,” he whispered his voice deep and throaty. “You know what happened the last time you unbuttoned me...” His fingers came to mine and I felt a sharp stab of desire. “Don’t make me embarrass myself in front of your family. Let’s keep the touches above the belt.”
I crossed my arms. “If I remember correctly… you were the one who took us below the belt.”
He made quick work of the last three buttons and shrugged out of his coat. I gathered it up in my arms. He had a clean, crisp smell, a mixture of laundry detergent, soap, and some musky cologne. I pressed my face to the wool and took a deep breath. 
“That’s so creepy,” Jorge said. 
I looked up to find him, Tio, Tia, and Caleb staring at me. My family was horrified; Caleb only smiled, his eyes gentle. I glared at Jorge for calling me out and then walked Caleb’s coat back to my bedroom, sniffing it the entire way. When I came back, Tia was literally pushing Caleb into a kitchen chair. The plate I had prepared for him was set down on the placemat. Jorge and Tio took seats on Caleb’s sides, flanking him with death glares. Caleb smiled like it was no big deal.
I slipped back into my chair at the end of the table.
“Where’s your brother?” Tio asked. “I want to show him my gun.”
“No!” Tia exclaimed. “No guns. No guns.”
“It’s a big gun,” Tio whispered.
“Adam’s downtown,” Caleb said, unwrapping his taco. “But… I wouldn’t show him your gun.”
“No guns!” Tia cried. “Please, Sylvester put that away. I don’t like it.”
Her chin wobbled and Tio held up his hands in surrender. He removed the revolver from his waistband. “I’ll put it away, darling,” he said. He looked around for a good hiding place and decided to place the gun in a cabinet near the back door. Tia wasn’t pleased with the hiding place and started to protest. “There it is put away, my succulent musk melon.” He grabbed the hash of her robe and pulled her to him. “Kiss me.”
“Gross, come on!” Jorge cried. “Stop, I’m a child.”
Caleb glanced at me. I mouthed an apology and he grinned and took a big bite of taco. Jorge slid a cup of hot-hot salsa verde toward Caleb and encouraged him to try it. I knew it was a joke/dare, but Caleb didn’t flinch as he opened the small container and poured a bit onto his taco. The only indication that it was hot was a slight pink tint to his cheeks.
“You want some water, friend?” Jorge asked. “Is your tongue melting?”
Caleb shook his head and added more. “It’s pretty good.”
Jorge sat back, impressed. He looked at his parents with disgust as Tio chased Tia down the hallway.
“I’m gonna barf,” Jorge said as his mother squealed.
Caleb took the opportunity to slide out of his chair. He brought his plate and glass around the table and sat beside me. “They’re cute,” he said.
“They’ve been like that since I was little,” I said. “All over each other, kissing and making a huge scene out of everything. I always thought it was embarrassing, but it was always good to see them like that. They gave me a little hope that there may be hope for me and any future relationship I might have found myself in.”
Caleb reached over and smoothed my hair out of my eyes and behind my ear. He kissed my forehead. “You sure you’re okay?”
I arched my back as he ran his fingers down my spine. I felt like a cat, stretching out for his soft caress. “I keep thinking about… when we were… you know,” I whispered, well aware that Jorge was pretending not to listen. “When I sleep, I hear his voice in my ear, telling me that he saw you touching me.”
“Try not to think about that,” Caleb said. “That was our moment—and it was a good moment.” I nodded in agreement. “Those pictures aren’t going to leak out and be splashed across the world. I will sue him until his head explodes.”
“Promise?” 
He kissed me in response. I didn’t mind the eggs and bacon flavor of his lips. I drew back and touched his forehead. “These taco things are good,” he said with a sleepy smile. I ran my fingers through his hair.
“Your pancakes are cold, Butterlips.”
I turned to my uncle who was sitting beside Jorge now. My aunt stood behind him, grinning stupidly at me. Moo stood in the hallway trying not to smile. Her hair stuck up in all directions. And beside her was my mother; her hands in fists at her sides. I sat up, instantly on guard as she stared at Caleb. Beside me Caleb pushed his chair back and stood. I tried to grab him, but he moved out of my reach and approached my mother. 
“Ms. Ramos, I’m Caleb Hood….”
“I know who you are,” my mother spat. I tensed at her tone and looked at Tio who rose from his chair.
“Marianna….”
“No,” she said firmly. She pointed to the front door. “You’re not welcome here. Leave this house now.” 
For the first time in our brief relationship, I saw pain and hurt in Caleb’s eyes. That look triggered something primal inside of me. I was out of my chair and across the small space in a flash. A spark of fear reached my mother’s eyes as I launched myself at her, only to be netted by Caleb’s strong arms. But it took him, Tio, and Jorge, to rein me in.

* * *
Chapter 31

* * *

“You apologize right now!” I yelled. Her mouth moved and her voice was raised, but nothing she said registered. I was so blind with rage it took forever to see that Moo was standing in front of me and I was basically yelling at her chest. The fight lasted for about three minutes before Tio grabbed my mother by the arm and dragged her down the hallway. I jumped when the door slammed. Tio’s shouts broke through my rage and I stopped. Caleb’s arms loosened a little, but he didn’t let go. This was a good thing because I still wanted to go after her. I’d never felt this way before. She could say anything she wanted about me, but the moment she’d treated Caleb like shit, I wanted to tear into her.
Turned by my shoulders, Caleb cupped my cheeks.
“It’s okay,” he said.
“No. Caleb you’re mine and she can’t treat you like that.”	
My heart was chugging so fast, I felt dizzy. At the other end of the house Tio shouted for my mother to “shut up” (words he’d never used before) and their fight went silent. And suddenly, my feelings did a one-eighty and I was worried for my mother. I pulled out of Caleb’s arms and started toward the hallway. 
“Estela, let him say what he needs to say,” Tia said.
“But, he’s yelling at her.”
“That’s fine,” Moo said. I turned back to find her and Caleb standing with their arms crossed. Caleb’s eyes held confusion while Moo looked straight-up pissed. She pressed her lips in a firm line. “She needs to be yelled at right now. Right?”
“Right.” I nodded firmly. I looked at Caleb. What did he think of my sudden flip-flop? I felt like such a traitor. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t apologize, Estela,” he said. “I understand completely.” 
“Come sit.” Tia pulled my arm and drew me away from the hallway. “Come, Caleb… come sit.” I sat heavily on a chair beside Moo.
“God, I’m so sorry.”
“Hush,” he whispered. He ran his fingers down my side and kissed my forehead.
“Here’s some tea, Stela.” Tia set a steaming up down in front of me. “Another taco, Caleb?”
“Yes, thank you, Mrs. Ramos.”
“Call me Amilia.” She patted his shoulder.
“Estela,” Monkey said. “Tú mamá esta loca.” 
He said it to make me laugh, but all I wanted to do was cry. Several minutes passed before my uncle returned to the kitchen. Mother was not with him. He bent his head to whisper into Tia’s ear. She nodded and fixed a plate and a glass of orange juice and left the kitchen. I sat ramrod straight as Tio returned to the table and helped himself to another taco, which he smothered in salsa verde. He didn’t talk about my mother’s outburst; he didn’t say anything for a while. 
Finally he looked into Caleb’s eyes and said: “You are welcome here.”
Under the table I grabbed Caleb’s hand and squeezed. I could feel some of his tension slip away. “Thank you, Mr. Ramos.”
“Hello!” A voice called through the front door. Moo gasped and grabbed my arm causing my tea to slosh over the rim of the tea cup. A moment later George Hart entered the kitchen. “Mornin’, Sylvester.” Tio stood and shook Moo’s father’s hand.
George was in his mid-fifties but looked in his forties. He still had a full head of dark brown hair, salt-and-peppered near his hairline, which was the only thing that gave away his age. He had one of those ruggedly handsome faces that got better with age. As a teenager, I had pictured him in lumberjack gear and not as the pediatric plastic surgeon that he was. George was worth millions (thanks to his profession and old family money), but rarely flaunted his wealth. The most lavish thing he bought was a James Bond-like convertible that stayed in a garage uptown most of the time. I couldn’t understand why the Harts still lived in Queens and not some brownstone off Park.
George turned to Moo. “Hi, honey.”
Moo slowly rose. “Daddy.”
When her family moved in all those years ago, Paulina called the neighborhood a slum. I didn’t know what that was at the time; Tia was highly offended. George had passively told her that everything would be just fine. She’d learn to love it. She hated it and probably still hated it. The house seemed to be the one thing George controlled. He always put his foot down regarding moving and surprisingly Paulina put up with it. I’d never get their relationship.
Moo’s eyes shifted behind her father to the front door. “Is… is she….”
“I’m here alone,” George said. Those three words were all it took for Moo to catapult herself across the room and into his arms. George gently rocked her back and forth as Moo began to cry. “I’ve missed you, pumpkin.” He eased her back and let his eyes sweep over her body. “You look good, Molia. You’ve put on weight.”
Moo had gained about seven pounds in the last several weeks, although I could still see her bones from time to time. George smoothed down Moo’s flyaway bed head. “Just wake up?” He asked. “Good to see that some things haven’t changed.”
“I can’t go into the house, Daddy,” Moo whispered. “I can’t.”
George smiled but there was pain in his eyes. “Your mother is in Florida with her parents.”
“She is?” Moo asked her voice hopeful. “I thought that….”
“She left this morning,” George answered. “I was hoping you could come over and show me how to make an apple pie?” 
“George you’re more than welcome to have second Thanksgiving with us,” my aunt said. 
“Second Thanksgiving sounds amazing, but it’s up to Molia.” Moo stepped back and I swear I saw her father’s eyes flash with fear.
“Stela.” Moo turned to me. Without a word, she walked toward the back door and I followed. She tugged me into the corner where we were out of sight from the rest of the kitchen. Her eyes seemed both excited and scared. “What do I do?”
“Go!” I insisted. “If your mom’s not around you can really talk to your dad and spend time with him.” I glanced toward the kitchen to take another look at George, but the wall blocked my view. The corner hid us pretty well. “Are you scared to be alone with him?”
“No.” She nibbled on the side of her thumb, her eyes so far away. I was so eager to tap into her brain and listen to her thoughts. Although we were best friends forever, there was a dynamic to Moo’s family that I’d never been privy too. The only time that had ever bothered me was when she was obviously hurting. 
“But… what if it’s a trap or something and my mother’s lurking in the house somewhere?” Moo grabbed my shoulders and jerked me forward until I slammed into her slender body. Her hug was fierce. “God, I just don’t want to face her.”
“Would your dad really be over here if she was in the house?” I asked. Moo walked to the back door and peered out across the yard. She stood on her toes as if she could see over the fence from here. “Moo… go….” I said. “I can check on you a few times, if you want. Make sure that you’re fine and everything. I can tell that he really wants to spend time with you. I mean how long has it been?”
“Two years,” Moo whispered as she leaned against the wall. “She left him alone on his birthday—went to France or something because she thought I was going to be there for a shoot. I actually was supposed to be there but was pulled at the last minute. I came back here and surprised him.” Her smile grew and her eyes became less frantic. “We made an apple pie then, too.”
“Then you should go.”
Moo was still remembering. “It was a great night for both of us, but she found out. She always finds out. Now they’re never apart—”
“God, your mother is a slave driver!” I hissed.
“So, it’s possible that she didn’t go to Florida and that she’s at the house, waiting to ambush me.” Moo took a deep breath and balled her fists. “Okay. Okay.” She marched back into the kitchen. George stood up quickly, setting the mug of coffee he’d been drinking down with a loud clunk. He raised his eyebrows, expectant and hopeful.
“Daddy, let me take a shower and….”
“No, come as you are,” George interrupted. 
“I….” Moo looked down at her tattered pajama bottoms and tank top. She wasn’t wearing a bra. “But….”
“It’s okay,” George said. “Just come… now.”
When Moo looked back at me I nodded. “Okay, but let me get a sweatshirt and some socks.” She left the kitchen before he could refuse. I stepped right up to George and gave his chest a firm, yet respectful poke. 
“Is the harpy gone?” I asked. Tia gasped. She hated when I talked about Paulina with any hint of disrespect (which was all the time). “Moo will be really upset if she’s there, Mr. Hart, if this is some kind of trap.”
“No, she’s gone,” George said, his eyes flickering with something I couldn’t read. 
“I’m just going to shower and change, Daddy!” Moo called from other side of the house.
George sighed. “Okay!”
I gasped as he swept me into his arms in a shocking but nice hug. 
“Thank you, Estela,” he whispered, his voice shaking. His grip tightened and for a moment I thought he was crying. When he drew back there were tears in his eyes; suddenly mine were flooded as well. He cupped my cheeks between his soft well-manicured hands. “Thank you for taking care of her.” He kissed my forehead and then stepped back and rubbed his face. He laughed a little. “I’m blubbering,” he sniffed, “why don’t you walk her over when she’s ready?”
I nodded. “That’s a good idea,” I said as he let himself out the front door, a foil-wrapped taco in hand. I needed to check out the house myself to make sure that Moo would be safe.

***

It took her an hour to get dressed. When she finally came out of the bedroom, she looked like the picture of perfection in a red scoop-neck sweater over fitted jeans. Her hair was parted on the side and pulled back into a pony tail. She’d gone with a simple makeup—a little blush, eyeliner, and mascara. She was beautiful if not a little pale and nervous. She went for her coat and I immediately got up off the couch where I had been cuddling with Caleb and put on my aunt’s boots. 
We walked arm and arm down the driveway and across the sidewalk to the front of Moo’s house. She unlatched the small picket fence and pushed it open. She hugged my arm a little tighter and we headed up the walkway. I guess George was watching for us because he pulled the front door open before we could ring the bell.
“Hi girls!” His voice trembled slightly and I saw that he was just as nervous as Moo. “You look beautiful, Pumpkin.” He smiled and stepped back to allow us entry. Moo tugged me inside, which was unexpected. I thought I would just drop her off like a nervous mother letting her child attend her first sleepover. 
“Go ahead and take your shoes off.” George told us as he closed the door. Moo jumped as it clicked and gave me this wild look. George touched her shoulder and she turned to face him. “It’s okay. I promise she’s not here.” I slipped out of Tia’s boots and gazed around the house. Little had changed over the years. It was still sparkling clean and untouchable—like a horror movie set frozen in time.
Moo didn’t let go of my arm as we followed her father down the hallway which was littered with framed pictures of Moo. Paulina had framed every photograph Moo had ever taken as a model. It was a little too Mommy Dearest. Has it always been this way? This was one of the few times I’d ever been inside Mausoleum de Moo.
“I thought I’d get started on the crust,” George announced as we entered an immaculately clean kitchen. It seemed more like a magazine spread than a functional kitchen where people ate and laughed and talked. “Molia, I thought you could cut up some apples?” Moo nodded and hesitantly drew away from me. She gave me a deadly look that I took as “you leave and I’ll kill you.” I sat down on a bench and tried to make myself invisible so that they could talk. 
Very little talking happened. 
Moo glanced around a lot, as if she expected her mother to jump out of the pantry. George turned on Christmas carols to keep the silence from eating away at us. Twenty minutes passed before Moo caught my eye and gave me a little nod.
I slipped off the bench, which brought George’s attention to me. “Leaving?” he asked. He no longer seemed tense or overly cheerful, just comfortable. I took that as a good sign. Moo didn’t look up from the apples she was slicing. When she made no attempt to leave with me, George relaxed even more.
“Yeah, I need to get back to the house,” I said. “I’ve gotta make sure that my uncle has kept my mother from kicking my boyfriend out.” 
“Oh, do you have a new boyfriend, Estela? Who is he?” George asked. 
“A photographer that Moo knows,” I answered. “I should probably go make sure that Tio hasn’t whipped out his gun.”
George’s cheeks went scarlet. “I certainly hope that wasn’t a euphemism.”
“No,” I said. “He really has a gun.” Before he could ask me another question, I turned to Moo and smiled. “Call me if you need anything….” 
I winked at her and then headed down the hallway to the front door. I was pulling on my boots when I heard Moo say: “Daddy… you really shouldn’t smoke.”
To which George replied, “I know, baby, I know.”
I wasn’t sure what this reunion was the start of for Moo and her father. I could only hope that it meant good things. But with Paulina lurking about.... Sighing, I hurried across the snowy yard back to my house, trying to keep pessimistic thoughts at bay. I wanted a lot for Moo and her father, but it would take a while to mend what was broken between them.  

***

“Do you know why your mother hates me?” Caleb was sitting on my bed watching me brush my hair. We had both taken showers and were dressed for dinner. I could hear the rumble of talking and laughter in the living room and knew that most of my family was there. I glanced over at Caleb who was rubbing his face. He said he wasn’t nervous, but it poured off him. The only time he wasn’t trembling was when I pulled him into my arms for a kiss. 
Tia passed by the open bedroom door again. It felt like I was in high school and she was making up for all of the times when she should have caught me with a boy in my room, but didn’t. Even with the door wide open, she didn’t like Caleb to be in my room with me. 
“I haven’t figured it out,” I answered as I put in a pearl earring. They were a gift from Moo a few years ago. I called them my Holiday Earrings. “I think it has a lot to do with her past and my birth father—she sees herself in my happiness maybe, and remembers the short-lived fling she had with him. Maybe she doesn’t like seeing me happy.” Caleb’s hand swept up my back and down again. I kissed his jaw and let my forehead rest against his. “I’m sorry for the way she treated you. No one deserves that.”
His arm slipped around my waist and he leaned close. “I wasn’t expecting open arms, Es. Not after her reaction to Adam and how she took it out on you.” He touched my lower lip with his finger and smiled. “Kiss me.” I grinned and leaned into him. Resting my hand on his thigh I brought my mouth to his.
Just as Caleb’s lips brushed mine, my uncle shouted: “Get off that bed!” 
Startled, Caleb jumped to his feet. Tio gave us a stern look and then continued on to his room. I couldn’t help but laugh as Caleb grabbed his chest and groaned. “I feel like I’m in high school.” Together, we watched Tia pass by. Caleb didn’t roll his eyes, but I was pretty sure it took all of his control not to. He kissed the top of my head. “I’ll wait for you in the living room.”
“I’m done.” I tossed the brush aside and took his hand.
As we came into the living room and saw that all of my family had arrived and had gone silent at the sight of us together, a new wave of tension ballooned in Caleb. I did my best to make him feel comfortable. I had expected the scrutiny, but I think Caleb was a bit rocked by it.
“Everyone… this is Estela’s boyfriend,” Tia announced. “Estela, introduce him to everyone, honey.” I glanced up at Caleb who looked worried.
“I’ll help you with names,” I said as I drew him toward my cousins.
Thirty minutes later, Caleb and I were seated beside Moo and her father having second Thanksgiving, which was basically leftover night. Everyone chatted as we waited for my stubborn mother to come out of her room. When she finally did, she didn’t look at me or at my boyfriend. I tried to ignore her and enjoy the friendly conversations, but she continued to glare at Caleb. Occasionally Moo would pat my leg to remind me to calm down. Sometimes it worked and sometimes it didn’t.
When my mother finally looked at me, I gave her the ugliest look I could and mouthed for her to stop. She simply looked away and started talking with one of my other aunts.
“Hey, Caleb,” my cousin Lucio called from the opposite end of the table as dinner wound down to a light tinkle of silverware on plates. “You play hockey?”
“Yeah,” Caleb nodded, glancing at me. I shook my head; I had nothing to do with this. A light flashed in Caleb’s eyes. “Yeah, I play a little.” Damn liar, I thought.
“Excellent. We have a traditional post-Thanksgiving game of ice hockey at a small rink a few blocks away. We put the Ramoses against Chapas and play to five; it’s a small rink. Since you and Estela are together now, you play for the Ramoses.” There was a general uproar at this; mostly because it was just a family thing and because the teams would be uneven. George agreed to play with the Chapas (my grandmother’s side of the family) to even out the teams. Soon the men were up and heading out the door. Caleb lingered back and drew me aside as I came around the table with a load of dishes.
“Come,” he whispered. “I want you to see me in action.” I stood on my toes and he bent down the rest of the way to kiss me.
“I can’t,” I said gesturing to the other women. “We clean up.”
Caleb made a face. “Doesn’t seem fair,” he said. “Or liberated.”
I laughed and shrugged. “It’s one chauvinist tradition that I don’t really mind. After we clean up we head down to Aunt Patty’s for a few strong drinks. We gossip and have discussions.”
“What do you discuss?”
“TV novelas mostly.” I kissed him again. “Go have fun… the Ramos family will love you if you win for them.” Caleb grinned.
“You should consider me much loved by your family.” His eyes drifted to my mother and his face scrunched up with mock fear. I smiled as he ran out of the house when Lucio shouted for him.
“That is such a handsome man!” one of my cousins cried. “Estela—how do you go your whole life with no one and then land him?”
I frowned at her backhanded compliment and shrugged. “I’m still trying to figure that one out.”
“It’s because she’s amazing, loving, funny, and sexy,” Moo said, playfully smacking me with a hand towel. I set the pile of plates I was holding into the sink. My mother pushed me aside to get to them. I watched as she grabbed a plate, scraped the food into the trash, and firmly slammed it into the dishwasher tray. This display of passive aggressiveness was one of her best. Surprisingly, I wasn’t angry, just annoyed.
“You can’t stand me happy, can you?” I asked. “I can’t believe how rude you are!”
“Estela, no,” my aunt drew me back. “Let her pout,” Tia whispered. 
Mother continued to scrape and slam plates. I wiped down the table we had borrowed from the church. Soon the kitchen was cleaned and my cousins headed out to catch the hockey game. Moo had a broom and was sweeping up little piles of dirt around the kitchen to give herself something to do. Tia finished up washing the dishes and pots that wouldn’t fit into the dishwasher, while my mother rearranged the dishes in the bottom rack. She was determined to fit more inside.
“Marianna, just start the thing. Nothing will fit.”
“I’ll make it fit!” She slammed another plate into the dishwasher. I wasn’t surprised with it shattered.
“Marianna!” Tia cried. “Really, what has gotten into you?”
“I’ll tell you what!” My mother turned to me. “What are you doing with a rich gringo? You don’t belong with him.”
“Who cares that he’s white!” I cried. “I’m part white!” My mother gasped her hand flying to her mouth. She shook her head in astonishment. “Yes, mamá, I know that my father was a white man you met in Mexico.” Her eyes flew to Tia’s who shook her head quickly. “Tio told me.” I explained. I was prepared to be slapped again, but she didn’t approach me. She just stood there, the front of her apron damp with dishwater, her eyes uncertain, still angry. “I’m sorry that you were hurt, mamá, but not all white men are devils! Caleb cares for me and…”
“You are sleeping with him!” she cried. Her hand raised as she pointed at me; my flinch was involuntary, I expected a blow that didn’t come. Something a lot like guilt passed through Mother’s eyes. Her hand dropped back down and she hid it behind her back. “Sex is the only reason he would show you any interest!”
“I am not sleeping with Caleb!” I shouted.
I swear, the next time I’m locked in the heat of the moment we will do it… I swear to god, we will!
“Yes, she is.”
Moo screamed and dropped her broom. Behind her, coming from the shadows of the back hallway, Dr. Pervo raised his shaking right hand. In it was Tio’s pistol. Tia gasped and passed clean out, hitting her elbow on the dishwasher door. Her head thudded against the counter and came to a rest on the floor mat. My mother staggered back, bumping her hip on the counter edge. She moved one step to the right and stood in front of Tia’s limp body.
My mind raced. How had he gotten in? The backyard? The garage? How did he know that Tio put his gun in that cabinet. Shit, is it loaded? Surely Tio wouldn’t keep a loaded gun in the house—there are kids around.
“She’s had sex with him,” Dr. Pervo hissed. He was shaking and covered with dirt and grime. He was wilder now than he had been in Central Park. He wore the same dirty jeans and boots, and an old hunting jacket. It looked like he’d hacked at his hair with a dull knife. He made slow advances, waving the gun at everyone until we were all herded in front of him. 
His voice shook. “They were in her bed. He put his hands on her breasts and between her legs.”
The blood rushed in and out of my face. “Dr. Martinez,” I stammered.
“DON’T MOVE!” He screamed at Moo, swinging the gun in her direction. I screamed when Dr. Pervo pulled the hammer back. One hard shake or tremble of his trigger finger and I would lose someone in my family.
“Moo, for god’s sake, don’t move!” I wailed. She nodded; her hands up in the air. 
“Stupid lesbian bitch,” he spat. “I’ll kill you first; I swear I will—always touching my Estela, always putting your dirty hands on her, always hugging her. Sit in the chair. SIT!” Moo sat and nearly fell from the chair. Her body shook with silent sobs. Dr. Pervo turned his crazy black eyes back to me. The gun swung back, pointing at my head, my face, my chest, and then my head again. 
“Admit to your mother what you did… admit to her that he slept with you, that he touched your breasts. Admit that he put his tongue down your ear!” 
I covered my mouth and stared at him. I shook my head slightly and yelped in fear as he took two giant steps toward me. His arm was really shaking now.
“P-please… please!” I cried. “Put the gun down….”
“No… you don’t listen, now you’ll listen.” His fingers tightened around the butt of the gun. “Now you’ll listen to me. You’ll know I love you.”
“What’s wrong with you?” I whimpered.
“NOTHING!” he screamed.
I stammered backwards a few steps and held my hands up. My mother had dropped down to one knee to check on Tia. She stroked my aunt’s hair while watching me with wild, scared eyes. I wanted to apologize for being such a bad child to her, for not being respectful even though she was a terror to me, for not honoring her, flaws and all. Thick tears dripped down my cheeks. My mother’s light brown eyes narrowed as she looked from me to Dr. Pervo. She then slowly stood.
“Nothing is wrong with me.” His voice was eerily calm. “I’m a perfectly good, respectful, and honest man.” I stared down the barrel of his gun. He waved both hands, the gun still an extension of his right hand. He rushed me and I screamed as his dirty hands grabbed my cheeks, pressing the cold metal of the gun against my skin. There was nothing I could do to stop his cold, chapped lips from touching mine.
“I love you, Estela… I love you so much. I want to show you that.” The gun brushed over my temple as he stroked my face. “Don’t you get how much I love you?” He kissed me again, forcing his tongue into my mouth. I felt like I was kissing someone who had licked death. I wiped my mouth in disgust.
He roared with rage and hit me with the back of his right hand. I hit the floor and cried out as he stood over me with the gun. 
“Fine… Estela.” His voice went calm again. “If I can’t have you… then no one will.”

* * *
Chapter 32

* * *

My arms burned as I crab walked backward, dragging my butt along the linoleum floor. Dr. Pervo followed. His arm shook so bad that I knew that the bullet would probably hit me in my forehead or maybe he’d shoot me through the eye all the while aiming at my heart. He took another step and came directly over me. I watched his gun and not him.
“I won’t let that stupid bitch turn you into a lesbian and I won’t let him make you a slut—they’ll pay, they’ll pay for taking you away from me.” I watched as he licked his lips. “I could have shown you true pleasure, Estela. You were mine.”
The possibility of death at twenty-six infuriated me. I had just begun living, trusting… hoping. If I was leaving the world at that moment, by force, then I would go fighting. 
“I am not yours!” I shouted.
Dr. Pervo’s eyes went black. He’d checked out and launched into a rage. Moo moaned my name. I wanted to look at her, I wanted her to know that she’d always be my best friend; that I’d always protect her, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t take my eyes off the gun, off him. He bent slowly and I cringed as his hand closed over my breast, his fingers squeezing firmly.
“You liked it when he touched you here, Stela… you liked it a lot. Why don’t you like me?” His eyes shot away from mine as he stared at an empty spot in the kitchen. He nodded at the cabinets as if someone were there talking to him. “I know…” he said. “I know that’s why.” He straightened back up. “You’re right… you’re right.” I was having trouble breathing as I watched him debate with himself. His black eyes returned to me. “You aren’t good enough for me.”
“Look, Dr. Martinez, I….”
He held his hand up. “Don’t bother. I don’t want you anymore, Estela Ramos… you are nothing but a cheap whore.”
My eyes fell to the finger he had wrapped around the trigger. The skin on his knuckle shifted as he began to squeeze. I screamed at the bang and realized—when I was still alive—that the noise had been the front door, not the gun. I looked over my shoulder. 
Please god, don’t be Caleb. I knew Dr. Pervo would shoot him on the spot. My heart clutched at the sound of a different voice, one I wished just as far away.
“Amilia, come here my scrumptious, delicate…” Tio came into the kitchen and stopped. My world spun as Dr. Pervo pointed the gun at Tio’s chest. My uncle’s eyes flashed as he looked at each of us briefly, his eyes falling to Tia who was still on the floor but conscious. Her fearful eyes filled with tears. When he looked back at Dr. Pervo he spoke with deadly calm. “Put that gun down this instant. This is my house, my family.”
“Back off Sylvester,” Dr. Pervo said. “Or I will kill you here… in your house, with your family watching.”
“No!” Tia screamed. She was trying to crawl out from behind Mother’s legs. “Dios no! Please, please don’t hurt him.”
Her throaty sobs made my eyes water. I looked up at my uncle who wasn’t moving. He held his hands up before him and kept his penetrating stare on Dr. Pervo. Tia’s pleas changed into prayers for protection and mercy. She pleaded and screamed for God to intervene, to help us.
I slowly started to sit up, which brought Dr. Pervo’s attention back to me; the gun dropped down to my head. Tio took that moment to move forward. Dr. Pervo screamed and jerked his arm and the gun back up. My uncle froze.
In his spooky calm voice, Dr. Pervo said, “You shouldn’t have moved.”
This time as he squeezed the trigger, I turned my body to Tio, reaching up to him, wanting to protect him. A spray of lukewarm dish water hit my face and mouth a second before the gun went off.
I screamed. Moo screamed. Tia screamed.
Dr. Pervo hit the ground with a sickening thud at my side. The gun clattered across the floor. When I grabbed it the barrel burned my palm. I hastily pushed it away from Dr. Pervo’s limp, outstretched hand. Blood trickled down the side of his face from his temple. Was he dead? Did he shoot himself? I wasn’t even sure if he was even breathing. I blinked several times and then looked up to see my mother standing over his body, a dripping wet cast-iron skillet at her side.
She raised the pan and brought it down with a sickening thud against his shoulder and again against his hip. He didn’t move, but I swear I heard bones breaking.
“Marianna,” Tio’s voice was raspy and strained. 
My mother dropped the skillet beside Dr. Pervo’s head, looked toward my uncle, and then threw up all over Dr. Pervo’s back.
“Oh my god, Estela!” Moo screamed. I turned and saw her fall from her chair.
She scrambled across the floor to my uncle who was lying in a puddle of pooling red blood. 
Tio’s eyes stared into mine as he struggled to speak, to tell me something. His skin was becoming ashy as blood gushed from a wound on his neck. I watched helplessly as his brown eyes closed as he struggled for air and finally went limp. I don’t remember going to his side, but I was there, as if by magic, searching for a pulse that I couldn’t find. Moo moved away, disappeared from my peripheral and was replaced by someone else. This person’s strong, deep voice ordered me to keep pressure on the back and side of my uncle’s neck. I saw a flash of silver, maybe something red, and a sharp medicated scent.
“Pressure, Estela!” The voice ordered. And then strong arms were pulling me back, away from Tio. I grabbed onto his waist and clutched him until I was released. I clutched handfuls of Tio’s jeans while two figures stooped over him, blood staining their bare hands.
I couldn’t hear anything other than screaming. I heard long screams of terror that I was sure were coming from my aunt. I heard short screams interrupted by gasps of breath and I heard loud cursing screams. It took me a long time to realize they were all coming from me.

***

“Estela!” Caleb’s shout for me momentarily broke through the fuzz. He turned me to face him. I remembered staring into his green eyes and trying to respond as his hands flew over my body, drawing my shirt up. Anywhere he could touch, he did; it was like he was searching for something. He then tugged me close again and I felt his hot breath against my neck as he trembled. For some reason I couldn’t return his embrace. All I could do was open and close my fingers, which were becoming tacky from Tio’s blood.
Events and sequences of the next few hours blurred between super-fast speed and slow motion. Paramedics came and worked on my uncle with Adam and John still at his side. I didn’t remember John or Adam showing up. Police put Dr. Pervo in handcuffs and dragged him screaming out of the house. My family swarmed in to the living room and back out again like a wave. And I was carted from one room to another, to the backseat of a car, and a chair in the ER waiting area.
Caleb said something against my ear but I didn’t hear what. He pulled me up out of the chair and walked me to a bathroom. The men’s room, I realized as two confused, startled guys stared at us and then made room at the sinks. 
Caleb’s voice was so far away. 
On occasion it would come rushing back and was so loud I had to clap my hands over my ears, but then it went away again. After a moment I felt warmth on my hands. I glanced down to see Caleb’s hands scrubbing mine beneath the flowing faucet. Pink water rolled off our joined fingertips and swirled down the drain. He dispensed more foam soap and coated my hands, wrists, and arms with it. Bloody bubbles dripped from my fingertips. I heard the electronic whirl of the paper towel machine followed by a ripping sound. Caleb dried me off and then used damp towels to clean my face and ears. 
“Tio,” I whispered.
“I know, Es, I know.”
Caleb wet another paper towel and wiped down my neck. “You’re a mess, baby.”
“I think I threw up,” I whispered.
“Yeah, you did.” He murmured. “Let’s see if we can borrow something for you to change into, okay?”
“But… Tio,” I whimpered.
“I know… the doctors are working on him.” I felt Caleb’s fingers move through my hair. He tied it back with something—I’m not sure what.
“He’s going to die,” I moaned.
“Stop!” That was one of those moments when Caleb’s voice slammed into me. I gasped, my eyes flying to his. I was positive that he’d just shouted at me. “Stop thinking like that—don’t even say the words. Okay?”
I nodded. He then put his arm around me and led me out of the bathroom. A moment later we were behind a curtain and he was helping me change out of my clothes. I felt his fingers against my bare back and glanced up at the vent in the ceiling. I moved against his chest to hide myself.
“He’s watching,” I whispered.
“No one’s watching anymore,” Caleb murmured as he drew me back and pulled something that smelled a lot like a bleached towel over my head. The material of the shirt was scratchy and too thin to keep me warm. After I had the pants up and new socks on, Caleb removed his sweater and put it over my head. Instantly warm and bathed in the soft soapy smell of him I burst into tears.

* * *
Chapter 33
	
* * *

Opening my eyes, I found myself staring at the glow-in-the-dark stars I’d used to decorate my ceiling in high school. The full, to-scale replicas of The Sculptor, Ursa Major, and The Hunter, had been Tio’s idea and he helped me put them up. I was in the eleventh grade. The ceiling fan whirled in slow, creaky circles. I blinked several times and then rubbed my face. The air mattress was firm beneath me and a third blanket had been added to the bed. I turned, expecting Moo to be cuddled at my side, but she wasn’t there. The smell of tamales and rice floated into my nostrils. My stomach growled. 
Jesus, what a nightmare. 
I stretched my arms over my head, pointed my toes and groaned at the pleasure of my tight muscles slowly loosening up. Pushing the blankets off my body, I struggled to get off the air mattress without falling. I made a quick stop in the bathroom and then wandered out of the room and down the hall to the kitchen. I saw Moo first. She was sitting at the table, staring into a cup of coffee. George was at her side rubbing her back as she sniffed and wiped tears away with a tissue. My mother stood near the stove; she poured hot water into a tea cup in the corner of the breakfast tray Tia always brought me when I was sick. She sighed and placed the kettle back on the burner. I’d never seen her look so somber. The microwave beeped and Monkey came from the living room. Like a robot, he took a plate of tamales out and tested the temperature with his finger. His face was downcast. Maybe Monica broke up with him. 
“Where’s Tio?” I asked.
They all looked at me at the same time. Moo had a look of horror on her face, while Mother and Monkey seemed shocked and confused. I scratched the back of my head and noticed that I was wearing Caleb’s sweater and a pair of baby blue surgical scrubs.
It came rushing back.
Dr. Pervo. The gun. A single shot. Tio struggling for breath while blood rushed from the hole in his throat. I remembered screaming until I couldn’t anymore. I remembered the paramedics arriving, and something about John giving them instructions on what to do. I remembered riding along in the back of the ambulance, and watching in horror as the paramedics shocked my uncle three times. I remembered Adam holding me back while they did so.
“Oh god… is he dead?” I whimpered. When no one answered, I screamed: “Is he dead?”
“No, Stela.” Moo rushed to me. “He’s in ICU.”
“I thought it was a dream!” I exclaimed. “I woke up in my bed and smelled tamales and I thought it a nightmare.”
“No,” Moo squeezed me. “I wish it was, Stela, I really do.” She let me go so that Caleb could take me into his arms. I don’t know where he came from, but he was warm as if he had been sitting in front of the fire, and soft. His usual scent had altered somewhat with sleep, sweat, and—yes, fire smoke. His hands smoothed down my hair.
“What do the doctor’s say?” I asked.
“The bullet went straight through but nicked his carotid artery, which caused massive blood loss.” He drew back and led me to a chair. We sat down together, his hands still clutching mine. “He’s lucky to be alive, Es. John is a surgeon and had experience with battle field wounds. He was able to get the bleeding stopped for a short while. But in transport his vein tore in another spot. It was hard for the doctors to stop the bleeding, but they did.”
“Then that’s good,” I forced out. “Right?”
Caleb nodded, but I could tell that there was more. “He’s in a coma, Es.” I dissolved into tears again. Leaning in, he pressed his forehead to mine. “He’s going to be okay, you just have to stay positive.”
“What about Dr. Pervo?” I pulled back and used my sleeve to wipe my cheeks. “What happened to him? Did John shoot him?”
“No, your mother hit him in the head with a skillet!” Moo exclaimed.
“She did?” I gasped and looked for my mother, but she wasn’t in the room. “Did she really do that?” I couldn’t remember. “So he’s dead?”
“No… she fractured bones in his skull and shattered his collar bone. He’s in the hospital, under arrest for attempted murder.” Moo sat down beside us and took my other hand. “Stela, his daughter was at the hospital. She said he went off his medication.”
“No shit!”
“No, I mean he literally stopped taking medications for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.” I let that sink in for a moment.
“You mean he’s really insane?”
“Mentally imbalanced.” Moo went to the coffee machine and filled a mug. “His daughter said he’s been on medication since she was little. She’s not sure why he stopped taking them.”
Moo set the coffee in front of me followed by a saucer with a large blueberry muffin. I didn’t want to eat or drink. My head was pounding and the dull ache in my chest had spread. I couldn’t take a full breath. Caleb must have noticed because his arm came around me and gave quiet instructions to breathe deep. I wasn’t sure if I felt sorry for Dr. Pervo’s mental health condition, and how it could make him such a different person, or if I was angry that my mother hadn’t hit him hard enough to kill him. 

***

I approached Dr. Pervo’s hospital room slowly, each step feeling heavier than the last. I didn’t have to be there; I didn’t have to face him. For two days I had avoided room 432, which was guarded by a police officer at all times. I was there now because according to Moo and Tia, I needed to face Dr. Pervo. Tia wanted me to forgive him for all that he’d done to me, and to her. Tio hadn’t even emerged from his coma and Tia had found it in her heart to forgive.
Maybe I had to forgive Dr. Pervo for all that had happened. I couldn’t forget the blood pouring out of Tio’s neck or the way his body had lurched and jerked as the paramedics shocked his heart.
Forgiveness was my last bit of control; something I didn’t want to give up. Tia was sure that I’d sleep better if I could forgive him. Another cousin promised that my appetite would come back, too. The lack of food gave me horrible migraines. I had to face him. It was the only way my brain would power down and reboot.
The police officer, a man only a few years younger than Tio, looked my way. He didn’t ask my reasoning for being there. We’d seen each other several times, and I think Detective Jennings gave him a rundown of who I was. I waved but kept my distance.  
“He’s handcuffed,” he said a bit too loudly. I didn’t want anyone to know I was there. “He can’t hurt you.”
He already has hurt me.
Although doctors were seeing improvements, Tio wasn’t responding to anyone. It was hard to watch Tia fuss over him, speaking to him as if he were awake. Placing his hand, taped up and stabbed with IV needles, against her hip. I even saw her bring it to her breast when she thought no one was looking. I had to admire her belief that her boob had magical awakening powers. She was at the hospital day in and out, and had spent last night sleeping in his ICU room. Tia should be the angry one; the one who daydreamed about suffocating Dr. Pervo with his own pillow. 
How had she forgiven him so easily? Did she mean it or was it just something she said?
I stepped up to the door frame and peered inside. All I saw of the man who had made my life hell for weeks were his feet tucked beneath the blue hospital blanket. Changing my mind about the confrontation, I turned to leave and found myself face to face with a pretty woman around my age. She wore jeans and a NYU sweatshirt with her black snow boots. Her hair was pulled back in a low pony tail and she wasn’t wearing any makeup. She was carrying two cups of coffee.
Her smile was friendly. “Hi.”
I frowned and nodded.
“I’m Sonia Martinez… my dad….” she pointed to the room.
“I didn’t know he had a daughter.” I cleared the scratchiness out of my throat. What do I even say to you? I glanced at her sweatshirt again. “You go to NYU?”
“No… my brother, I go to school in California.” She stared at me for a moment and then her brown eyes widened with sudden realization. Yes, I’m the woman that your father basically molested and chased for weeks. He took my father from me. Her mouth opened and snapped shut. Her grip on the coffees caused one of the lids to pop off. She looked into her father’s room and then back at me. She was now uncertain, perhaps fearful. “Ummm….” 
“So, is he really crazy?”
Insensitive of me? Yes. I wanted to know from his family that this wasn’t normal behavior. That he’d never been this way before; that this was a fluke. I wanted to know that he didn’t randomly stalk women half his age and shoot their uncles in a fit of rage. Maybe I could forgive him then?
Sonia stared at me for a minute and then shook her head no. Tears filled in her eyes. I didn’t like to see anyone cry and often felt myself get worked up in empathy, but with Sonia, I just stared at her, waiting for her to regain control.
When she looked at me again her face was red. “My dad has had this condition since he was in college,” she said. “He’s been on medication for years with no episodes.”
Until now, I thought. Until he decided he wanted me forever. Was he on his meds that first dinner at Tio’s? Were there voices in his head then?
“None of us understand why he stopped his medicines,” she stammered. “He and mom separated six months ago, but he was fine… he seemed fine. He won’t talk to me about it… he won’t….”
“Sonia?” A voice at the end of the hall called. A man in a suit approached quickly. His face was familiar, but I didn’t know why. “Sonia… you can’t talk about your father with this woman,” he said, his tone gentle as if he were talking to a child. To me he said, “Miss Ramos, there is an ongoing investigation and lawsuit pending. This really isn’t appropriate.”
“Who the hell are you?” I demanded. Lawsuit. Maybe Tia hasn’t forgiven completely.
“I’m the Martinez’s lawyer,” he said, extending his hand. I didn’t shake hands. He remained cordial in tone. “Is there a reason why you’re here today? I’m sure your lawyer, Mr. Ortega, has spoken to you about staying away from my client until the pre-trial.”
No, he hasn’t. I haven’t even met the man.
Sonia gave me an apologetic look and then headed into her father’s room. I saw Dr. Pervo’s feet move on the bed. There was a whispering of voices; Sonia’s soothing.
“Staying away from your client?” I repeated. “I don’t even want to be here!”
“Then why are you here, Miss Ramos?” he asked. I opened my mouth to respond, but Dr. Pervo called out.
“Estela… is that you?” His voice still had a desperate ring to it. I heard a rattle of metal on metal and then Sonia’s voice.
“Daddy, it’s okay,” she said quickly. “It’s okay.”
The security guard looked over his shoulder into the room.
“Estela?” Dr. Pervo called again. There was more of the metal-on-metal rattling. Handcuffs, I realized. “I want to see her, Sonia! I need to see her.”
“Miss Ramos,” the lawyer said, placing his hand on my shoulder. I jerked away from his touch and started running down the hall back to the elevators. I looked back when Dr. Pervo screamed my name, which drew several nurses, the police officer, and a doctor to his room. When the elevator opened I burst inside, nearly ramming a nurse who was stepping out. I jammed my finger into button eight several times and rode up to the ICU on the verge of hysteria.
When the doors opened, I found Caleb pacing in the waiting room where I’d left him. I jumped into his arms before he even saw me.
“It’s okay,” he whispered, pressing his cheek to mine. “You’re fine. Did you see him?”
I shook my head. “His daughter,” I whispered, “and his lawyer. He started screaming for me.”
Caleb sighed. “Maybe you’re not ready to see him, Estela.”
“He’s definitely not ready to see me.” I stepped out of Caleb’s arms. “I’m going to check in on Tio.” Nodding, he took a seat in the waiting room while I walked through the automatic sliding doors, brandishing my visitor’s badge to the nurse behind the station.
Tio wouldn’t be in ICU much longer. Even though he was in a coma, his vitals had been stable for days and I’d overheard his doctors talking with Tia about moving him down a level. I stepped into his room, shocked that no one was with him. I hurried to his side and took his left hand.
“Hi, Tio,” I said, sitting down. “Tia must have gone for something to eat or drink. Do you want me to read to you?” I asked, picking up the book of nursery rhymes I’d brought in. Whenever I was sick as a child, he’d read them to me. I watched the breathing machines work his chest up and down for a minute and then found my bookmarked place and continued reading from Hansel and Gretel.
“Estela.” I glanced up to see Tia standing with a young priest with red hair. I jumped to my feet. The nursery rhyme book made a loud angry slap against the tiled floor. 
“No, get out!” I shouted. The priest flinched and looked at Tia whose mouth fell open in shock. “Get out right now. You can’t give him his last rites! He’s not going to die!” I shouted. A nurse came running followed by a doctor. 
“No, honey,” Tia said, hurrying toward me while waving off the nurse. “Estela, Father Josiah is just going to pray over him. You remember Father Josiah from the church. Tio is doing well, honey, he is… I just…” She closed her eyes, her chin trembling, “God, I need him to wake up right this instant!”
I hugged her. 
“I’m sorry,” I said to Father Josiah. I let go of Tia and held my hand to him. He took it in a brief, firm shake. “I just… I thought….”
“I know,” Father Josiah interrupted. “The sight of a priest on an ICU floor often sparks fear instead of hope.”
“He’s going to be just fine, I know it,” Tia said firmly as she hurried to Tio’s side and took his hand. I stepped back so that Father Josiah could move in to bless Tio. Tia clutched her rosary. Feeling strangely uncomfortable around the priest, I turned to leave and saw Caleb standing outside Tio’s ICU room doors. He must have come when I started shouting. I put the book back on the side table and stepped out of the room.
“Did you hear me freak out?” I asked, winding my arms around his waist. The on-duty nurse was waiting nearby impatiently. I suppose Caleb found a way into her heart if she allowed him onto the ward. 
“My heart is still racing.” Caleb pointed to the priest. “I thought your uncle was doing better.”
“He is,” I said. “This is just a blessing and a prayer.” 
We watched for a while and then I took Caleb’s hand. “Come on, let’s go.”
As we headed to the elevators, I sent Tia a text message that I was leaving for a few hours. I needed to get out of the hospital before I went crazy. Besides, Caleb was scheduled to start a new contract soon and I wouldn’t see him as much. Some alone time away from a hospital waiting room would be good for both of us. And the cold late-November air did revitalize me the moment we stepped outside.
“How’s your stomach?” he asked. “Could you eat?”
I nodded. “It still hurts, but I’m keeping food down.” I slipped into the passenger seat of his car. Soon we were driving through the city toward midtown.
“I couldn’t do it,” I said after a while. “I couldn’t forgive him.”
“It’ll take time, Es, you don’t have to rush or anything.”
“I want to get it over with though, so he’ll stop creeping around behind my eyelids.”
“What did Richard say when you told him that you wouldn’t be coming in for a while?” 
I was glad for the topic change. “He didn’t care because he’s no longer working at Java Loo. Bryan will open and close from now on. Poor Olive… she doesn’t like Bryan and the guy’s in love with her.”
“Really?” Caleb asked. “How do you figure?”
“He follows her around all the time, drops everything to do something for her, and has asked her out a trillion times,” I answered. “I bet he’s got her face tattooed on his butt cheek.”
Caleb laughed. “Why there?”
“I don’t know… so he can admire his ass without seeming creepy?”
My cell phone chimed with a new text message from Tia.
Estela! Come back quick!
“Turn around!” I screamed. Caleb cursed and slammed on the brake to keep from hitting the car in front of us. “Go back to the hospital! Hurry!”
We couldn’t get there fast enough. I didn’t even wait for Caleb to park before I jumped out of the car and ran all the way to the elevators and back through ICU. I found my aunt outside Tio’s room, a smile as big as the moon on her face. I ran to her and she pulled me inside. I let out a cry of excitement when Tio’s dark brown eyes met mine. He was being examined by his doctor.
“Butterlips.” His voice was no more than a weak croak. My heart started to clap. I bounced up and down at the foot of his bed.
“Don’t talk, Mr. Ramos,” Dr. Ryan said firmly. “Your vocal chords were injured and need time to heal.” 
I would have jumped into his arms had the doctor not been there. All I could do was press my forehead to his. I caught his hand as he reached up to touch my face. I rubbed his knuckles against my cheek and smiled down at him. 
“Hi… welcome back.” 
He blinked, releasing unshed tears, and then slipped into unconsciousness again. I started to panic but Dr. Ryan patted my hand, which was like a death grip on Tio’s.
“This is a very good sign, Estela,” he said. “He may be in and out for a few hours, maybe a day. The lapses could be a result of pain medication.”
I hurried around the bed and jumped into Tia’s arms, releasing her only when she told me that if I didn’t she’d rub snot on my shoulder. As she walked over to the tissue box near the small sink in the room, I saw Father Josiah standing in the corner. 
“Good job, Preacher Man!” I exclaimed giving him a hug too.
“Wasn’t me,” he laughed. “The power of God is in this room.” I nodded and stepped back, not really sure what to say to that. It had been so long since I’d talked about—or to—God. I took a deep breath, calming myself enough to say a quiet thank you. I think Father Josiah took my silence as a plea for churchly intervention.
“You know, Estela, I haven’t seen you at mass in a very long time and….”
“And… yes,” I said, awkwardly. “Yes, you haven’t seen me. I um… converted, but your God is my God, and we… stand together at the old rugged cross and all that.”
The corner of his mouth turned up. He pointed his Bible at me. “You should come to church.”
“I probably should, but my mother already tells me I’m going to hell so….”
“Estela!” Tia hissed. She drew me away from the priest (thank God!) and gave my hand a reproachful slap. “You don’t talk like that to a man of the cloth.”
Father Josiah didn’t seem offended. He returned to Tio’s side and continued to pray. I pulled Tia aside.
“Did you hear Tio’s voice?” I asked trembling. “It didn’t sound right.”
“Shh!” Tia glanced at her husband with worried eyes. “He’s fine… he’s waking up.”
“Do you think it’s because you put his hand on your boob?” I whispered. She gasped and pinched my side. We giggled until she swatted me away. “Your secret healing power is safe with me.” She muttered a curse in Spanish and spanked my butt. I kissed her cheek and hurried back to Tio.
I kissed his cheek as well. “Sweet dreams, Papa.” I whispered. 
After a while the doctor shooed us all out so they could draw blood and run some other tests. I watched through the doorway. Caleb stood behind me, his arms loosely wrapped around my shoulders. I leaned back against his chest and sighed.
“He’s going to be okay,” Caleb said. “He was really lucky, Estela.”
“I know.” 
“That could have been you.” He shook his head and stepped away. I watched as he raked his fingers through his hair and began pacing again. He was upset, I realized. Why hadn’t I seen it before? I caught his arm as he made a pass and drew him to me. It took him a while to look me in the eyes; when he did, tears dampened his lashes.
“Caleb.”
“I should have been there,” he said looking in at Tio. “That could have been you. And for a minute, after I first reached the kitchen and saw you covered in blood, screaming… I….” He cleared his throat as his emotions overcame him.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered looping my arms around his neck. “I’m sorry for not noticing how much this has upset you, too.”
“No, don’t apologize,” he said. “You’ve been in shock these three days—almost like a zombie. When you screamed in the car just now, everything came crashing back for me.” I pressed my mouth over his, melting as he moaned and kissed me back. When we drew apart, he was still talking about it.
“I just keep thinking that if it was you… they wouldn’t let me in to see you because I’m not family and…” He shook his head. “I don’t know if I could stand that, Es.” I watched his jaw work and his Adam’s apple bob with each swallow. His green eyes narrowed slightly and he let out a shaky breath. “I think I’d tear down this entire building to get to you.”
I ran my hands down his back. “I believe that you would.”
“Do you believe that you’re worth it?” he asked. I bit the inside of my lip and smiled. Did I believe that? I was starting to trust him and myself. He buried his face against my neck and I felt his teeth against my skin.
“Hey!” I hissed pinching his stomach. “No hickeys.”
His lips tickled my throat as he laughed. He then pressed soft kisses along my neck; I shivered as deep parts of me began to ache. I heard a little suckled pop as my skin fell away from his teeth and lips. He leaned back to admire his work. “Not as good as the last one.” He sighed. “I’ll just have to try harder.” 
Laughing, I struggled to get away, stopping when he brought his mouth back to mine. I squeaked at the feel of his fingers against my bottom.
“Caleb,” I whispered breathlessly. He nodded and brought his hands back up to the small of my back. I tried to pull away but he had me in a firm grip. 
“Let go,” I whispered wiggling to be set free. “No more PDA… people are watching.”
“The hospital would kick me out if you were hurt. Then what?”
“You’d find your way in,” I said.
Caleb stared down at me, his hair falling into his eyes. I reached up and brushed it away. “I don’t want to be kept out, Es.”
“You won’t be.”
“Es…” he drew back slowly and stared down at me with an expression that made my chest tighten. For a moment I thought that he might drop to one knee. The idea made me feel fluttery. Did I want to be married? It wasn’t something I spent a whole lot of time thinking about. He was perfect in so many ways. 
“Caleb?” He stared at me for a long time before he smiled. I smiled back and laughed. “What are you grinning at?” He shook his head slightly.
“I’ll tell you another day,” he whispered.
“Tell me now.” I poked his stomach.
“No, later… I could go for a donut. Do you think your stomach can handle them?”
“I’m sure.” I nodded my mouth watering with anticipation.
“God, Es…” He tugged me against him again. “I don’t know what I would have done… I mean, we still have so much more to learn about each other.” 
That’s true. I can’t even get to third base without freezing up. Maybe I shouldn’t be thinking church bells.
“I’m not going anywhere. I promise.” The only place I wanted to be was in his arms, but that sounded so corny even in my brain, no matter how true it was. “We have time to learn about each other Caleb. I already know how great you are—how lucky I am.”
“Estela,” Tia called. “Your tio wants you.”
I’m not sure how long Tia had been watching Caleb and me, but her sly smile and pink cheeks told me it had probably been a while. My stomach dropped a little when I saw that my Mother was standing beside her. She was watching Caleb with distrust, but not outright hate.
We were progressing nicely. 
As I approached them both, I stared at my mother, silently daring her to say something rude to him. Caleb couldn’t get to me fast enough to hold me back this time. If she opened her mouth and said one word, I’d be all over her.
But she didn’t. She looked away and stepped into the ICU and was followed in by my aunt. I looked back at Caleb. He waved me toward Tio. I smiled because I knew he wouldn’t go anywhere. A simple look told me I was his. I returned to his side anyway. I took his face in my hands, just like he’d done to me so many times, and stared into his eyes. He didn’t seem uncomfortable, and neither was I. I kissed him, putting my full self into it. I didn’t pull away and didn’t allow fear to weasel in.
I’m totally in love with you.
Caleb sighed, his body relaxing. 
“Be right back,” I whispered.
“I’ll be right here,” he said. He let me go and when I turned to face my uncle, I found him holding Tia’s hand, smiling as he watched me approach.

* * *
Chapter 34

* * *

“Do you think I will be sexy with my wounds?” Tio asked as Tia wheeled him through the hospital corridors three days later.
“Stop talking, Sylvester,” she scolded.
“But my scars.”
“Tio, stop!” I cried. Because of the damage to his vocal chords the doctors had told him not to talk for a few weeks. He’d never do it, both Tia and I knew this, but we scolded him relentlessly. “You already sound like a smoker. Do you want that to be permanent?” 
“Oh, Butterlips,” he whispered.
“No whispering either,” I said, brushing my fingers through his hair. He was missing a little patch at his nape where the surgeons had shaved him. White bandages were taped to the front and back of his neck. He would definitely have war wounds, but the doctors promised a full recovery. A speedy one, if he could just “stop seducing your wife for a month,” according Dr. Ryan. Tio had thought about it for a moment and then sent Tia the wickedest smile I’d ever seen. 
Once we were outside, I helped Tia usher Tio into the back of the hired car.
“Are you sure you can’t get off work?” Tia asked as she took the bag of medical supplies from me.
“I’m going over my break as it is,” I sighed. “I’ll call you in a few hours to make sure he’s settled in and then you can let me know if I should bring duct tape tomorrow to keep him from talking.”
Tio smiled; his eyes sleepy. The pain meds were working again. He hated taking them, but this was something that Tia insisted on. She hated seeing him in pain and he was silent when drugged up. I kissed his cheek and hugged him as best I could without forcing him to twist his neck.
“Te amo, mi amor,” he whispered.
“I love you, too.” 
I waited until Tia was in the car and then closed the back door. When the car was gone, I frantically flagged down a taxi to take me back to Java Loo. 
I’d been forced back to work the day after Tio regained full consciousness. It sucked. Java Loo was starting to feel… not right. But with Richard gone and Bryan struggling with some strange infatuation with Olive (he was unable to concentrate on basic job tasks because he was consumed by Olive’s pregnancy and “being there for her”), me handing in my notice would put the whole place in a lurch. Despite my newfound discontent with Java Loo, I was too loyal to up and leave like Richard. I needed to get things settled down and running smoothly first, and then I’d contact the owner and tell him that I’d help him find a suitable replacement.
As a cab pulled up to the curb, movement out of the corner of my eye grabbed my heart and jerked it around. It was only a bush, its dense branches blowing in a cold breeze. 
Chill out, Estela! I climbed into the backseat. No one’s following you. 
I gave the driver Java Loo’s address. As he pulled away, I twisted around to look out the back window. A man in jeans and black sweatshirt, his hood pulled up, stepped out from behind the bush, and headed into the hospital. I couldn’t’ tell if he had been hiding there or if he had just come around the corner. A small boy and a woman chased after him so I figured the latter. 
No one’s following me.
“I’m losing it,” I whispered, rubbing my face. 
When I returned to the store, I found Olive hurrying back and forth, mixing drinks like a pro, while Jessica took order after order. We were shorthanded after a wave of flu had passed through and put Amber and one of the new girls out of commission. 
“Hey, Estela,” Olive called. “Someone’s waiting for you.” She gestured with her chin to one of the corner tables.
John Amyntas waved. I hadn’t seen him since Tio’s shooting. I made a beeline for his table. He stood up, his six-foot-four frame towering over me. I wrapped my arms around him in a hug that was awkward until he returned it.
“John, thank you!” I whispered, tears threatening. “The doctors said that your ‘battlefield medicine’ saved Tio’s life.” John gestured for me to sit down. “I don’t even know how to thank you. I mean, words are not enough.”
“I just wish I had been there a little sooner,” John said. “I was in the black van across the street—” I slapped the table triumphantly. I knew he’d been in there! John rubbed his chin, which was covered in dirty-blond five o’clock shadow. “I should have seen him go in. I should have been there.”
That was a reoccurring theme. Caleb told me the same thing at least once a day, and usually when we were making out. His guilt really put a damper on the sexiness. 
“Don’t apologize,” I said.
John continued to rub his chin, lost in thought. “He was pretty smart in entering when all of the men were leaving to play hockey. When you’re dealing with people who are imbalanced they’re usually pretty irrational. I mean, he definitely was, but he was also scary smart. Anyway… I’m really sorry.”
“You saved my uncle, John,” I said. “I don’t even know how you did that. You’ve got to be a Greek god in disguise.” He laughed. “Seriously, I think you’ve made up for anything you think you did wrong. I don’t think you did anything wrong.”
“I got there when your Mom hit him in the head with that skillet,” John said. He laughed a little and I smiled. “That was cool… that was ballsy.”
I couldn’t remember her doing that, but everyone said it happened. Moo told me that my mom had reached into the sink, pulled out the cast iron skillet, and whacked him in the head. She swung the pot like a baseball bat. According to Adam, if she hit him just a little bit harder he probably would be dead. As it was, part of his skull was fractured in four places.
“I didn’t know she had it in her,” I said. “She yelled at me for not wanting to date him, for dismissing him. Then she bashes him in the head.” 
“Mothers protect their cubs no matter what.” John picked up his coffee cup and then set it down with an empty-sounding plink. I glanced over to see if anyone could bring him a fresh cup and remembered that we were short staffed.
“Anyway,” he said, bringing my focus back. “I was just stoppin’ in to say goodbye.”
“Goodbye?”
“Leave’s over… I’m heading to D.C. to meet up with our unit.” 
I wondered if Adam was somewhere putting on the war paint. John’s eyes shifted over my shoulder. His unblinking blue gaze moved slowly back and forth as if he were tracking something. I glanced over my shoulder and saw that Olive had come out from behind the counter with a mop bucket. Someone had spilled their coffee. Like a pro she dunked the mop into the bucket and pushed the lever to squeeze excess water. She passed the mop over the spill a few more times and then dunked it back into the water. Stopping halfway through, she put her hands on her stomach and bent backwards, wincing.
 “Geesh, I need to sit…” she said with an exhausted sigh.
Like magic, Bryan was at her side. He took the mop from her and put his hand on her shoulder. Olive casually ducked away from his touch, giving him a pretty smile. Her eyes moved to our table, to John, before she returned to her place behind the counter.
When I looked back to John, his eyes were on me. 
“Let me get you a refill,” I said. John nodded and followed me to the counter. He stood at the pick-up station while I poured him a fresh coffee. I noticed each time he looked over at Olive and every time she happened to glance his way. 
Interesting, very interesting. 
“Should you be working?” The man Olive was serving asked.
“I’m only four months pregnant,” she said firmly. She seemed much farther along than four months. She wouldn’t be able to work much longer. In fact, she’d been moving a lot slower lately, but I wasn’t going to be the one who told her to go home and rest. 
Olive snatched the five dollar bill from his hand and jabbed the button for his grande mint espresso. She jerked up the clamp that held down the fives and slapped the bill with the others. The customer was slowly becoming more uncomfortable. He looked at me for help. I sat up realizing that it was Suit and Tie Guy. Olive regularly chatted with him during her shifts, so maybe they were friendly and that was why he felt bold enough to say something to her.
However, these days, anyone who pointed out how big she was often fell victim to Olive’s wrath. She made the change for his purchase and slapped it onto the counter. A few coins bounced off and rolled across the floor. I stared at Suit and Tie Guy to gauge his reaction. 
“I’m sorry,” he said to her. “I know I shouldn’t pry, Olivia, but...”
“Excuse me, but did you put this baby in me?” she snapped. I bit my lip and reached out to touch her but she slapped my hand away. She stepped as close to the counter as her belly would allow. “Did you? No, you didn’t. So you can keep your nose out of other people’s business and….” She broke off her little chin trembling. Her hands flew to her mouth and her eyes began to water. She shook her head. “I’m so sorry, Scott.”
Scott. So that’s his name. Olive looked at me, tears streaming down her cheeks. “Estela, I.”
“No, I’m sorry,” Scott said. “It’s just… you’ve been so tired….”
“And I don’t think that’s any of your business either!” Olive cried. “I just want to be left alone!” She slapped her hand to her face so hard that I wondered if her fingers stung. She burst into tears and gave into a few loud, throaty sobs. I handed Scott his five dollars back from the register and scooped up the change.
“Breakfast is on us today,” I said cheerfully as I drew Olive behind me. “Her baby hormones have got her all out of commission. Please forgive us.”
“No, not at all,” he said sliding the bill back across the counter. “Sorry, Olivia.”
Olive grabbed a towel that we used to wipe down the counter and pressed it to her face. I grimaced and pulled it away, shaking my head. Olive slipped into the back to compose herself while I served the next four customers. All Bryan did was glare at Scott who had walked back to his usual table and was now texting.
When there was no line, Olive came back out. She went to where I’d left John’s coffee and threw it out. She fixed him a new one, but let me deliver it. 
“Everything okay?” John asked, wrapping his big hands around the cup.
Olive smiled a little and nodded. She leaned against me. “Estela, I’m so sorry.”
“What’s gotten into you?” I asked, trying on a firm manager voice. I failed. “Do hormones roll throughout the entire pregnancy? I thought it was just at the beginning!” I rubbed her back hard, which she liked, and glanced at John whose eyes were glued to Olive. 
“I’m just… I’m so not sleeping good, and… god, Stela.”
“What’s going on?”
“Christian told me that he doesn’t want the babies,” Olive burst into tears again. I saw a few customers craning their necks. I was failing as acting manager that was for sure. I couldn’t keep a steady level of professionalism in my employees to save my life. I put my arm around Olive’s shoulders. “Oh god, he told me this weekend that he wasn’t ready to be a father!”
John reached across and touched my shoulder.
“I gotta go,” he whispered. I nodded and stepped away from Olive to give him a hug over the counter. “Maybe I’ll see you at Christmas, Adam’s mom invited me over.” I nodded, my stomach tightening with nervousness. Christmas was only a few weeks away and my presence was expected per Audrey Hood’s request. The idea of meeting Caleb’s parents was terrifying.
John’s eyes moved from me to Olive, he watched her for a moment and looked at me. “Take care of yourself,” he said. I nodded, wondering if he was subtly asking me to take care of Olive as well.
“Who was that?” Olive sniffed.
“John Amyntas. Bryan can you take over for five minutes?” He begrudgingly agreed. I took Olive to my “office” and helped her sit down on the couch.
“Babies, Olive?” I sank down beside her. “Twins?” I whispered, thinking of Adam and Caleb.
“Three!” Olive cried.
“Oh my god, Olive, three babies?” I put my hand on her stomach and one of the triplets kicked me. I drew back and stared at her in shock. “Wow… there are three babies inside of you.”
“That’s why I’m so huge—I’ll be bedridden soon! And now Christian is freaking out about having three children to provide for. He’s acting like this is my fault. That I did it on purpose!”
“Wait… you got preggo on purpose? How does that make any sense? Like you stopped taking pills or tore holes in the condoms?”
“He thinks I did it for his family’s money.” She wiped away tears. “His father doesn’t—he overheard us fighting and told Christian that I wasn’t the type of woman to try to trap a man. Gregory said that the babies were going to be a blessing to the Waller family. Christian just left the room—he just left.”
What a tool.
Christian Waller was a socialite, and his father was a major NY tycoon worth at least five hundred million dollars. He worked as an investment banker at a firm a few buildings away. The Wallers, like the Hiltons or Kardashians, were splattered all over the tabloids. Christian was known as a playboy, which is why I didn’t care for him and why I wasn’t completely devastated that he wanted out of Olive’s life. She didn’t talk much about her relationship with him, only that they’d met in college and had been dating for two years before she became pregnant. I always thought she could do much better.
I wouldn’t argue that it was going to be incredibly difficult for her to raise three babies on her own, but she could totally do it. I’d help, for sure. Moo definitely would. 
“I can’t believe you have three babies inside of you.”
“I know,” she moaned. “Do you think I’m ready to be a mom? I’m only twenty-three! And a mom of triplets! I can’t have three babies right now!”
“Have you talked to your parents?”
“My mom wants me to move home. She said that she and Daddy would help me raise the babies until they were old enough for preschool and then I could finish my graduate degree. Daddy says that we’ll take Christian to court for child support.” 
I noticed the diamond ring on Olive’s finger. I touched it to indicate that I saw it. She sniffed and brought her knuckles up to her face for a better look.
“He gave me this Monday night.” Olive shook her head. “And by Sunday, he was telling me that he wanted it back and that ‘fatherhood isn’t my thing, baby.’” She sniffled and examined the ring carefully. It was one hell of a stone. “I’m thinking about pawning it for money for medical bills. If it’s even real.”
Child support payments wouldn’t burden Christian Waller. I was almost positive that the rock on her hand was real and would probably pay off the vast amount of Olive’s college loans, medical bills, and possibly the first year of salary for the nanny.
Bryan came into the office doorway.
“Stela, Arnie and the Krispy Kreme delivery guy are here. Arnie’s late just like he’s been all week,” Bryan grumbled. “Richard did say something about canceling that donut account. Maybe you should take care of that today.” Oh, yeah… thanks for that Richard. Leave me to crush some guy’s financial heart. I rolled my eyes and refocused on Olive, handing her some tissues. Bryan turned when Olive started sniffing. “What’s wrong, Olivia? Are you sick? Do you need to go home? I can take you home.”
She sat quietly, staring at her hands. 
“Bryan, stop hovering!” I exclaimed, pushing him out of the office. “She’s a big girl—she’s fine.”
I grabbed the termination of contract agreement from the bulletin board where Richard had tacked it up and headed into the kitchen. 
“Hi, Arnie.”
Arnie Metcalf, had been delivering our merchandise—coffee beans, food mixes, tea, etc.—for our store since I’d started. He was a Texas native and spoke with a southern drawl that was a bit infectious. During his big deliveries we would get to chit-chattin’ (an Arnie term) and I wound up talking with a southern belle lilt for the rest of the day.
“Estela!” he cried, flashing me a crooked smile. “It’s been an age, darlin’.”
“Yeah,” I said, “had to deal with some baby mama drama.”
“Oh really?” Arnie wiggled his bushy eyebrows.
I laughed, “No, not really… but I was neck deep in shit city.”
“Well, it’s good to see your beautiful face free of muck.”
“Why, Arnold,” I cooed in my best Southern drawl, “I declare! You’re making an innocent woman blush.”
He threw back his head. His laughter bounced and echoed off the ceiling. I would consider Arnie pretty cute had he not been Tio’s age. I’d had my fill of older men vying for the role of my love interest. Luckily, Arnie was married. I took the clipboard from him. 
“Wow, big shipment!”
“Yeah, it’ll take me a minute to unload,” he said. “Seems like you’re backed up a bit on the orders—get lazy?”
I nodded and began ticking off things from the inventory list. He went back out into the snow and came in with another dolly of boxes. Richard did tend to wait until the last minute to restock. I couldn’t remember how many times I’d been sent to Costco to buy plastic utensils. I checked off a box of five hundred grande cups and sighed, I’d have to order again soon if that was all Richard had put in for. I had moved on to coffee beans when I saw the green pants of the Krispy Kreme delivery guy as he came through the back door. I lifted my hand to him and crossed off a box of one-thousand equal packets.
I subtly glanced in his direction and saw that he was holding two baker’s dozen boxes with a smaller box on top. I knew my favorites were inside. I silently groaned. I had a boyfriend now, and this guy had been borderline flirting with me for months. I wanted to hide under the island and let someone else deal with him. I didn’t want to reject his advances and tell him that we wouldn’t be buying his donuts anymore. That was too much rejection for one day.
What if he took it badly? I didn’t want another Dr. Pervo on my hands.
I marked off one last box and turned, slowly. This was it… time to face him. It’s just like ripping off a Band-Aid.
I stared at the back of his green winter coat and the brim of his Krispy Kreme cap that he had turned around backwards, pushing down dark hair that curled up at the ends. His ears were red from the cold outside. I glanced down when he turned to look at me.
He chuckled and handed me the delivery slip to sign. I tucked Arnie’s clip board and the letter of termination beneath my arm and scrawled my name along the bottom of the document. I handed it back and he took it and folded it carefully. He was moving at a snail’s pace today. Plus, he was watching me.
I hated it when he watched me.
I took the boxes out of his hands and walked them across the kitchen to an empty space on the counter. I heard his shoes scuffling on the floor as he followed me. I bit my lower lip to contain a curse. Using my headset to alert Jessica that the donuts had arrived helped buy a little time before I had to face him.
Olive appeared a second later, stopping short and stumbling over her feet and her words. She glanced at me with big eyes, closed her mouth, and took the donut boxes out of my hands. Except for the small box on top, which I grabbed at the last second. My mouth watered with excitement. I thought about the termination notice under my arm. Maybe if I gave him a hundred bucks for these two donuts he wouldn’t make a fuss about the loss of business in a bad economy. I froze as his hand wrapped around my arm, igniting my skin. He slowly began to turn me around.
“How long are we going to play this game?”
At the sound of his voice I looked right at him. Caleb smiled. The box slid from my fingers and hit my feet. Two butterscotch-caramel cake donuts rolled across the floor. Caleb pulled the cap off and stepped closer. My eyes dropped to his scar.
I shook my head in disbelief.
“What are you—”
“I know I said I’d let you figure it out, but I got sick of waiting,” he said. I trembled when he brushed his knuckle against my cheek. “You weren’t going to figure it out, Es. You wouldn’t even look at me right now.”
“What are you doing here?” And how did you get into the Krispy Kreme guy’s clothes? 
“Each time I brought you those, you’ve wanted to pay me,” he said pointing to the box on the floor. “How about you pay me in a kiss?” He stepped in, dipping his head. I drew my head back before he could kiss me. He laughed at my confusion.
“Are you magical?”
He laughed harder. “You’re really shocked!”
I shook my head. Shocked didn’t begin to cover it. “Where did you get this costume?” I asked taking his cap. It was well worn, parts of it darkened with sweat.
“Estela,” Caleb laughed. “I’ve been delivering donuts here for ten months.”
“No, you haven’t,” I stammered.
He ran his fingers through his hair and put the cap back on. The brim fell across his forehead, hiding most of his face and eyes from me. I knew without a doubt that he was telling the truth. Caleb drew me against him. God, he smelled like donuts! I wrapped my arms around his neck. He kissed me soundly. His hands slipped down my back and over my bottom—an area of my body he just couldn’t get enough of, it seemed. I drew back slowly and stared into his green eyes.
“I’m so sorry,” I whispered. “I just can’t believe it was you the whole time. For ten months you’ve come in here and I’ve ignored you. Do you know where we’d be now if I’d just—looked at you? If I hadn’t been scared?”
Probably engaged. Definitely sexually active.
Caleb just smiled and stared down at me.
“How?”
“It was by chance,” he answered. “I’ve always loved Krispy Kremes and so, on a whim three years ago, I bought a franchise. For a while I worked in the store doing everything and then the photography took off and I stepped into a lesser role. I manage from a distance mostly. You could say that it was luck that my store landed the contract with yours.”
As he told his story, I replayed the last ten months. I suppose at times I had looked at him, but he’d remained unremarkable. I’d always thought that a handsome man like him was out of my league. That he would never be interested in a girl like me. 
“You come on Fridays,” I whispered.
“Yeah,” he ran his fingers along my neck. “Not every Friday, but most of them.”
I thought about the way my body had responded to his proximity when he’d only been the delivery guy. How alive my skin felt. My body knew before my mind did.
“I’m sorry I didn’t figure it out.”
“I’m not surprised you couldn’t remember. You always went out of your way to not look at me. You signed my papers and dismissed me gently.” 
I still didn’t feel too great about my behavior. Embarrassment was quickly turning to humiliation. I had wasted so much time.
“Toward the end I started to grow bolder,” Caleb was saying. “I almost asked you out the last time I was here.”
“I remember!” I cried. The way he’d remained at my side a few beats too long and the way my body had known he was there. I’d felt an invitation to dinner coming on and had struck it down. “I don’t know why I did that.”
Fear’s a bitch.
“Well… it doesn’t matter now, does it?” He smiled. “I don’t think you would have ever figured this out on your own, Es. Besides, I didn’t want it hanging over our heads anymore. No secrets.”
“I don’t get how I… how….” His mouth silenced me. I returned the kiss as passionately as I could, running my fingers through his hair and up and down his back. He set me back a little roughly. I blushed as his hooded eyes devoured me as if I was the last donut hole on earth. I laughed as he came back for another kiss.
“Damn, Estela.” Arnie whistled. “Why don’t I get such a warm welcome?” I looked at Caleb and he looked from Arnie to me. “Hey Caleb, how you been?” 
“Good,” Caleb nodded to him. He glanced at me. “Great, actually.”
He knows Arnie. God, he’s telling the truth about coming here to deliver donuts. I dropped my forehead to Caleb’s shoulder and promised myself that I would never keep my eyes shut for so long again. Caleb lifted my chin. His mouth was warm and sweet as if he’d been nibbling on the wares of his donut franchise.
“So… do I get endless donuts?” I whispered.
“I always bring you donuts,” he murmured. “Even ones you drop in the snow or on the floor.” I smiled thinking about the ones at Moo’s photo shoot in Central Park and the two donuts now on the floor.
“I feel like such a dope… I mean, am I really that blind?”
“I love you, Es.” 
I breathed in at his words, my mouth falling open. I wasn’t expecting such a declaration so soon, but we’d been through a lot together in a short amount of time and I couldn’t deny the butterflies that erupted in my chest every time he walked into the room. I missed him like crazy whenever we were apart (something that, until now, I’d felt was clinginess on my end). With Caleb, I was experiencing things that I’d never felt with anyone else. Not even my crush on Darren Silversmith had been this intense.
I must have remained quiet for too long because Caleb rushed on. “I mean… I know it hasn’t been that long and I don’t want to scare you away or anything. I just, I can’t deny what I feel. I’ve always been the kind of person to just lay it all out there. I understand that it might be too fast—too soon.”
Tears filled my eyes. I covered his mouth with my hand. “I love you, too.”
He smiled and laughed, and then picked me up a foot off the ground and twirled me. Twirled me! 
“Oops, sorry!” Olive cried when she came to the back and caught us kissing. 
No professionalism at all. I’m the worst boss ever. 
I stepped away although I didn’t want to. “I should go. But I’ll pick you up after your shift like we planned?” I nodded and watched him step back. He stared at me for a long time before grinning. “You’re coming home with me tonight.”
Behind him I saw Arnie wiggling his bushy eyebrows at me and I blushed. Caleb winked and then headed out the back door and down the ramp. He disappeared into the snow and I felt myself tremble.
“Estela,” Arnie said, clucking his tongue.
“What?”
“Girl, that took forever!” he cried. “I didn’t think the guy would last long past a month when he told me what he was doing. Never thought it would take him almost a year to get through to you.”
I gasped. “Arnie, you knew? Why didn’t you tell me?”
“He’s been bribing me with donuts,” Arnie said, hanging his head. He stroked his own round Donut Hole. “Besides, I’m a sucker for love stories.” He winked and gave me a salute before pushing the last boxes off the dolly and heading out for his next delivery.
I still couldn’t believe it that all this time the man of my dreams, the man who loved me for me, had been staring me in the face for so long. I just hadn’t seen him. 
A loud knock sounded on the back door. I hurried forward, figuring Arnie had forgotten part of our order. My chest warmed to find Caleb standing on the other side of the door, shivering and smiling.
I frowned at him. In my best confused voice I asked, “Excuse me, do I know you?”
Laughing, he grabbed my apron and tugged me outside. The heavy door swung shut, locking me out of the building. I didn’t care. Caleb shook his head a little and sighed.
“What?” I asked, unzipping his coat so I could slip my arms around him. The snow shower was picking up speed. Arnie blasted his truck horn three times as he drove off through the dirty slush.
“I really do love you,” Caleb said. “I just wanted you to hear that again.”
“I love you, too.” I bit the inside of my cheek. “And… thank you.”
“For what?” he asked.
For being patient. For being kind. For loving all of me—even Donut Hole. Thank you for helping me find me. I’m not scared anymore.
“For everything,” I said. The words weren’t nearly enough, but they felt right in the moment.
His green eyes held my gaze. Not once did I look away.

* * *
Epilogue

* * *

Err, okay, maybe I’m a little scared.
Accepting a man into my life and trusting that he wouldn’t hurt me like all the others was just the first step. According to Moo, there were plenty more that I had yet to tackle. One in particular scared the shit out of me. 
I stared up at the store-front window of Tangible Pleasures, my heart racing. My eyes took in the glittering Christmas tree strung with colorful phallic lights. Santa and Mrs. Claus were depicted as mannequins made of black plastic. Santa was dressed in red lycra, bending over to put boxed dildos beneath the tree, while Mrs. Claus, wearing white lingerie and an S&M mask and halter, brandished her whip on Santa’s ass. 
“I’m not going in there, Moo.”
She smiled, looking so pretty in her white alpaca cap, snowflakes dotting her auburn hair like little accessories.
 “This is the perfect place to tackle your next hurdle,” she said, shivering as the cold air bit our exposed skin. Unlike Moo, I wanted to fling my winter coat to the ground and strip naked just to cool the steam from rising off my body. It was fifteen degrees out and I was sweating. “Wait until you meet Madame Cherry!” 
She pulled the door open. Instead of the tinkling of Christmas bells, a sultry, seductive moan spilled out of the boutique. Moo disappeared inside before I could grab her by her scarf and drag her back the way we came.
I moaned, my breath pouring out of me in a long thick cloud of white. My eyes fell to another package beneath the tree; it contained a perfect replica of size-four ass cheeks. Stamped across the box top were the words: WASHABLE! DISHWASHER SAFE! There was a side picture of a puckered butt hole.
Damn you Moo!
We were there because she told me to take my relationship with Caleb one day at a time and to not get scared of all the “what ifs.” I was supposed to enjoy the ride of uncertainty. That was all well and good, but the only problem was that I had no map to guide me. I mean, I wasn’t a complete prude. I knew how sex worked. I knew what Caleb wanted. I just couldn’t deliver.
Detailed explanations of Moo’s romantic trysts with Jeremy weren’t helping. So this was her alternative: take me to a sex shop to buy a few things that should “get the libido pumping.” 
“I promise to walk you through all the steps of dating,” she’d promised. “But first you’ve really gotta figure out what makes you feel sexy.”
I’d respond with: “Donuts make me feel sexy.”
And she’d rolled her eyes and set off to develop my personal twelve-step plan.
Step One: Embrace your beautiful nakedness. 
Hence, our trip to Tangible Pleasures. My task, if I chose to accept it, was to get something risqué to wear for Caleb. Moo said it had to be something that would help me stop clutching third base as if it were a lifeline. Something that would help me reach Step Two: 
Embrace his beautiful nakedness. 
One step at a time, I suppose. 
Moo’s face appeared in the doorway. She rolled her eyes and opened the door. She had a hold of my scarf and had pulled me in before I had the chance to scream.
“I don’t want to be in this place!” I hissed, keeping my eyes down. The moaning door chimes were still playing—or maybe the moaning was coming from the porno playing on a flat panel TV behind the register. It was a couple on a yacht in the middle of a crystal blue ocean; I looked away when the woman’s boobs began to bounce. 
“I’ve seen that one,” Moo said casually. “It’s pretty good. Female friendly.”
Whatever that means. I shuddered. “It’s like a hell hole of iniquity in here. I’m going to catch a disease! Do you have your Purell?”
“Stop!” Moo hissed. “There’s nothing… disease-ish about this place.”
“That’s right,” a deep female voice, laced with a heavy French accent, purred. “I run a clean establishment.”
My mouth dropped open as a six-foot-five glamazon woman with deep, dark skin and long black braided hair, approached us. She wore boots up to her thighs and lace panties. Her breasts were exposed although each nipple was covered with a glittering black skull pastie. Not that the stickers mattered much, a large amount of dark areola still showed. The woman had an athletic body, each curve a muscle. She was easily the most beautiful woman I’d ever seen, and the scariest.
She dragged the tip of her whip up the outside of my leg. I didn’t feel it until it looped over my shoulder and dragged down my chest. I slapped it away.
“Molia.” The woman was still purring. I was beginning to think that it was her normal speaking voice. “A pleasure as always,” she cooed.
“Madame Cherry.” Moo smiled and air kissed both cheeks. I grimaced when the bare-chested vixen gave Moo’s backside a swat with her whip. If she did that to me I’d rip the thing out of her hand and break it in half. I squinted at it—could a person break leather?
Madame Cherry’s dark, luminous eyes did a once over of my body, pausing at my hoo-ha and breasts. “Molia,” she said with a smile, “you’ve brought me a virgin.”
I went hot all over. 
“Excuse me!” I snapped. My mouth went dry as I had her full attention. No words came out. No rebuttal. “Excuse me,” I dragged out again, “but… but you have the audacity to judge—”
“My pre-virgin kit!” Madame Cherry’s excited exclamation made me jump. She hurried away, revealing that her panties were nothing but a thong and that there was no jiggle to that firm derrière. “LESTOR!” she shouted, heading behind a beaded curtain.  
When I looked at Moo I found her laughing hysterically. 
“Is this a joke? You’re joking with me, right?” Before she could answer Madame Cherry was back. She moved quickly and quietly like a giant black leopard in stilettos. In her hands was a black case about the size of a kid’s shoebox. This must be her “pre-virgin” kit. I shook my head and waved my hands and did every other gesture that I could think of that meant “no thanks.” 
“This is what you are looking for, mon petite,” Madame Cherry said. “And perhaps something from my Tangible Touches collection.” She patted my right breast with her whip tip, which she pulled back before I could swat at it. “D-cup.” She said. “Come with me.”
“No,” I said flatly. “No. I don’t think I will.”
I looked back to Moo, but she was on the other side of the store looking at feather pom-pom like things. I frowned when my eye caught a display of sex toys. I crossed my arms.
“Frustrated virgins always pout,” Madame Cherry said in an oh-isn’t-that-sweet tone.
“Excuse me,” I forced out. “Excuuuuse. Me.”
Again, no words. My mouth kind of fell open and hung there.
“Yes?” Madame Cherry blinked her long false eyelashes and stared at me with solid black eyes. When I didn’t say anything she smiled knowingly and used her whip tip to push my jaw back up. “Come.”
I followed, hoping that if I just played along the trip would be over and maybe—just maybe—I would be closer to Step Two. 
If I could bypass Step One altogether that would be ideal. 
Twenty minutes later Moo was loaded down with four bags of goodies for she and Jeremy, while I left with a new nighty, panty and bra set, and the Pre-Virgin Kit, which I explicitly denied needing. Madame Cherry let me have it for free.
“I can’t believe you took me there,” I said when I felt like forgiving Moo five minutes after we left. “Do I smell like sex? I think it smelled like sex in there.”
Moo just smiled and rolled her eyes. “You’ll thank me for it. Madame Cherry knows her stuff.”
“I can’t believe she felt me up with that whip—there should be laws against that.”
Moo just laughed. After a while she nudged me with her elbow. “Promise me that you’ll at least try….” I knew what she was talking about as we separated and I headed back to my apartment where Caleb was cooking us dinner. I’d been trying to have sex with him for an eternity. Okay, not that long; we actually hadn’t made out in a while and I was starting to feel—defective.
“You can’t rush these things,” I said, pulling my scarf up to hide my red cheeks. The weight of the kit pressed against my thighs. I picked up the bag and set it between my feet. I already knew the perfect place in the back of my drawer to hide everything. Step Two was out of my reach—the main problem was Step One, and a fancy pair of panties wasn’t going to turn me into a Sex Goddess. 

***

I stood outside my apartment glaring at the building. It really was horrible, and it was the last place I wanted to be after the camera situation. Caleb said it was important to face my fear and reclaim my space. The building didn’t feel like my space anymore. Mr. Zhang was friendly enough, but people were slowly moving out. Two apartments on the third floor were empty and while Tio was in the hospital, Mr. Lysman from next door moved out. He left me a note tacked to the door: Estela, Moved out because of the roaches and rats coming out of your apartment, you dirty slob whore! Email me: BigBallinLysman@juno.com. Keep the noise level down. I’m tired of the moaning and groaning. Eat shit, beautiful.
Caleb was horrified when he read it and called Mr. Lysman all the names I would have called him in jest. It took me a long time to explain our dynamic. I emailed Mr. Lysman the next day and we exchanged a few snarky emails, but I had a feeling that we wouldn’t keep in touch. He was fun to bang walls with, but other than that we had nothing in common. There was really nothing keeping me in this building, except for cheap rent. It was all I had, my little slice of pure independence, and I wanted to move out with every last inch of me.
Pushing my key into the door, I twisted the knob and stepped inside. I made it to the third floor unharmed but still reluctant. The scent of garlic and pasta sauce made my mouth water, as did seeing Caleb standing in my tiny kitchen just off the doorway. 
He was wearing jeans and a green sweater; he had his shoes off, which I found brave. 
“Hi.” He smiled looking over his shoulder at me. “I hope you’re hungry.”
“I’m starving,” I said closing the door. 
“What’s Tangible Pleasures?” 
I jerked the bag behind my back, my face heating up. “It’s an absolute freak show,” I said. 
“What did you buy? Something for me?”
“Let’s clear something up right now... I was forced to make purchases,” I said. He looked even more curious and a bit skeptical. “It’s a place where I felt a bit molested and definitely scandalized.” I walked across the room, hating that there was absolutely no place to hide the bag that he wouldn’t see. I decided to shove it under the bathroom vanity. I tried to cover it up with old shampoo bottles and other dust-covered nonsense under the sink.
“What is it?”
I squeaked at Caleb’s voice just behind me. He laughed when I slammed the cupboard closed. “It’s… nothing.” I said standing. We faced off for a second and then I smiled. “I love garlic bread.”
“No.” Caleb laughed, grabbing me around the waist. “You don’t get off that easy. Moo told me she was taking you there.”
I moaned. “You don’t have to connive with Moo anymore, Caleb, I’m yours, you got me. You won the big giant prize. Can we talk about spaghetti now? I think the water’s boiling.”
He pecked a kiss to my lips and headed back to the kitchen. “I will find out what’s in that bag.” I smiled at his playful threat.
While he added pasta to the boiling water, I sliced bread and spread on the garlic butter. 
“I was talking to my mom and she’s a little too excited about you coming out for New Year’s.”
The plan had been for me to visit through Christmas, but Tio pulled the “I was shot in the neck” card, and I quickly agreed to spend Christmas with my family and New Year’s with Caleb’s, which prompted my mother to comment on how fast we were moving. Until the words slipped out of her mouth (not to mention the look of unease), I hadn’t felt like we were moving too fast, but she made me stop and analyze. We’d only been dating, if you could call it that, for a few weeks, and we’d already said “I love you.” A week after Tio returned home from the hospital, I’d spent an entire day complaining about my apartment. Caleb’s solution was for me to move in with him. Again my mother’s words hit me: Too fast?
And now… there was the distance between third and home base. 
“What are you thinking?” Caleb asked.
“Nothing, why?”
“Because there’s about an inch of butter on that piece of bread,” he said pointing at it.
I scraped it off. “My mind was wandering.”
“You don’t have to come for New Year’s,” he said, tucking strand of my hair behind my ear, “especially with your uncle still recovering.”
“It’s still three weeks away,” I said. “I want to go. I want to meet your family. There’s just so much going on. I feel like my feet haven’t touched the ground since Thanksgiving. Olive’s triplets. Moo’s semi-retirement. Dr. Pervo.” I put the bread down. “My stomach hurts….”
I was taking medication to calm the little ulcer bubbling up in the lining of my belly, but it didn’t seem to be working. Any time I thought of what was coming, my stomach ached. I thought I was going to die when Mr. Ortega, our family lawyer, called me to let me know that Dr. Pervo had been released to his family’s care until the trial. I wasn’t sure how a man could terrorize people in their own house, shoot someone, almost kill him, and then be released. I didn’t care that he was issued an ankle bracelet, was back on his medicine, or that my restraining order was still active. I wanted him behind bars. I wanted him to plead guilty. His lawyer was determined to get the charges dropped due to mental breakdown. 
I was sure the trial would tear my stomach to shreds. 
“What can I do?” Caleb asked, bringing me out of my head. “What should we do to get your mind off it?” I blushed. I knew exactly what he wanted to do. I stared into his eyes, something that I had mastered no matter what I saw there. “So, what did you buy at Tangible Pleasures?” He asked casually turning back to the noodles and sauce. He flipped off the burners.
“It’s nothing special,” I said in the same “whatever” tone. “Moo said it looked good on me.”
“Can I see it?” His voice had taken on a whole new vibration and I couldn’t look at him. “Es?” I could hear his smile and cursed under my breath as another wave of heat tickled my face, neck, and chest. Even though I was scared, my body was responding. Aroused. That wasn’t a word I’d used often to describe my state of being. 
Caleb didn’t move for a long time and I didn’t either. We stood only a few feet apart and it still felt like we were touching, kissing even. 
“I have to go to the bathroom,” he said.
“Thanks for sharing,” I laughed. He brushed a kiss to my jaw and headed across the apartment. He had just reached the door when I realized where he was going. “NO!” I raced after him, but he slammed the bathroom door before I could get there. I heard the cabinet open and slam and the rustle of tissue paper.
“Caleb Hood, I swear to god if you don’t open this door right this second we are so thr—” The door opened and he leaned against the door frame, my skimpy black nightie hung from his finger tip.
“Will you please put this on?”
I grabbed it from him. He hadn’t been in there long enough to look inside the box. Thank god.
“You’re such a snoop!” 
I shoved the nightie back into the bag. “That’s not for now… it’s for… some other time.”
Maybe when I’ve grown myself a set of Madame Cherry or Moo balls. I pushed him out of the bathroom. 
“Okay, well what about these then?” He held up the hot pink lace panties. I made a grab for them, but he ducked out of the way and ran. It wasn’t like there was anywhere for him to go. I tackled him onto my bed, but he was too fast and too strong. I straddled him, struggling to work the scrap of cloth from behind his back. It took me a bit too long to realize that he was enjoying my struggling very much. I put my hands on his chest and peered down at him. 
“They feel nice,” he said. He could be talking about a number of things, all of them made me blush.
“Give them back or I’ll never put them on.”
We stared at each other. Caleb relaxed under me.
“What good are sexy panties if you’re not going to wear them for me?”
“They’re not for you,” I said. They belong to Moo’s Step One plan. I tried to reach beneath him, until he lifted his hips slightly and for a moment we were connected and I was ready to rip my clothes off. I didn’t. My strength and resolve not to have sex were incredibly strong. 
“They’re for me,” I said, my voice husky. “Part of my new Java Loo uniform.” I laughed as he flipped me onto my back and moved over me. My breath caught in my throat as his mouth moved over my neck. He placed a single, damp kiss against my sternum and dragged himself back up so we were eye-to-eye.
“You don’t need sexy panties.”
“Oh, you like my droopy granny panties, huh?” I asked. “You’re such a pervo.” He pinched my side.
“Maybe he liked those panties too,” Caleb said, glancing up at the vent over my bed. I gasped and slapped at his arm. It was the first time he’d brought up that horrible discovery. The point of us spending so much time in my apartment was to forget about that and remember that it was a safe place. Caleb smiled. “Maybe you should put these on.” I saw a flash of pink out of the corner of my eye. I made a grab for them, but Caleb pinned me down with his lower body.
Our eyes met and in a flash I was overheated and squirming. 
His hand slid up the side of my shirt. “So?”	
As he looked down at me with those amazing green eyes that I was passionately in love with, I let my inhibitions slip. I carefully inched my body lower and smiled as he stirred against me, his eyes fluttering closed with pleasure. They opened just as slowly and pierced me with an intense stare.
I knew that stare well. I slipped my fingers under his sweater just to feel the heat of his skin.  
I moved my hands lower to the button of his jeans. For a moment I believed that I was ready to take the plunge. I was ready to be connected to him in new ways. 
And then Caleb drew back, moving onto his knees, putting too much space between us. He looked down at the panties in his hand and then handed them to me. He was then off the bed and hurrying into the kitchen. I laid there, the pink cloth bunched in my fist.
I wasn’t sure what he saw in my eyes that made him draw away, but I wanted it gone. I wanted to conquer this just like I had the fear of letting him into my life in the first place. It was easy letting Caleb in, but it might be harder to keep him there.
“We have time,” he said, startling me at his sudden proximity.
“For what?” I asked, tossing my new underwear onto the floor. 
“For us,” he said plopping down beside me. We didn’t touch. We both needed to cool off.
“It’s so frustrating,” I whispered. “I frustrate myself, Caleb.”
He kissed my temple. I wondered if he was frustrated as well. He’d have to be. “So, what’s in that velvet box?”
I moaned and threw my arm over my head. “Your Christmas present,” I said, flippantly. And then, it didn’t sound like a bad idea after all. I’d have to actually look to see what was in the box first, but I was pretty sure that in three weeks we’d have enough time to settle into a normal relationship with no stalkers, gunshot wounds, or crazy mothers. Three weeks until Christmas, four if I stretched it into a New Year’s present. I can totally be ready by then. 
I uncovered my face.
“Yes, it’s your Christmas-slash-New Year’s present. But if you peek at it, I swear you’re not getting it.”
Caleb stared at me for a long while, a little smile on his face. “I’d be cool with a Valentine’s Present too… or Easter… or Memorial Day… what about Halloween? Do you think it’ll keep that long?”
“Yes,” I said, understanding where he was going. “But it may get old and wrinkly.” I made a face and whispered, “and a little saggy.”
Caleb’s laugh was loud, no-holds-barred and shook me deep down. 
“I love you,” I said. He always seemed taken aback when I declared my feelings for him. He was always quick to return the words and they were never forced. Tonight, he just stared down at me, his eyes curious and bright. “You don’t believe me?” I asked. Actions speak louder than words, scaredy cat. Take your clothes off already.
“I believe you,” he said. “Sometimes I just can’t believe that I’m really hearing them, from you to me.” He settled at my side. We lay side by side, our fingers entwined. I turned my head and found him smiling at me. His smiles were both comforting and disconcerting. Each one was different. Sometimes his eyes would narrow and the corner of his lip would turn up. Sometimes he had this dopey look that vanished the instant our eyes met. And sometimes the smile was so sexual that I’d flush and throb at the thought of what he could do to me... if I only let him.
And I would let him come Christmas. Or maybe New Year’s…. Actually, Halloween might not be a bad idea after all.
“I love you too, Es.”
Sighing, I rolled closer and locked my arms around him, squeezing with all my might, holding on to those simple and powerful words. They were all I needed right at that moment. Everything else—my lacy underwear and nightie, the velvet box, Moo’s Steps, and Caleb’s lingering arousal—would sort themselves out when they were meant to. But in that amazing moment, all I wanted and needed were the words. His mouth moved softly over my neck where he began to nibble. This time I didn’t protest any marks that he might leave behind because I knew that they would never hurt. Besides, I now trusted myself enough to give a few little marks of my own.
But only a few. I wasn’t a whore after all, no matter what my mother said.

The End of Book I

***


Sneak Peak
Book II: Killing Monsters


Chapter 1

After being stalked, terrorized, and assaulted by a man who proclaimed his undying love for me and then shot my uncle in the neck, I found myself with a new extrasensory power: the ability to tell if someone was a killer just by looking at them. 
Moo, my best friend of nineteen years, didn’t believe me; neither did Caleb, my boyfriend (of six weeks). Anytime the conversation came up, Moo rolled her eyes, while Caleb narrowed his with concern. Unlike Moo who thought I was silly, Caleb acted like I had PTSD. 
Maybe you should talk to someone, Es, became his favorite phrase.
To counter their arguments against my new power, I reminded them that I knew from the very beginning that something was off with Dr. Pervo. He was a gynecologist who my mother and aunt forced down my throat as a potential love match six weeks ago. The man was delusional with no sense of personal space. He was instantly drawn to me and quite persistent in his pursuit. He stalked me. He poisoned me with tainted mayo. He slashed Caleb’s BMW tires while we were on our first date. Dr. Pervo groped me. He put cameras in my vents and watched my first intimate moments with Caleb. The more time that passed, and the more I rejected him, the more unstable he became (we learned later that he’d gone off his medications, which he’d been on for two decades). Three weeks ago, during the Thanksgiving weekend, in a manic rage brought on by the final realization that I didn’t desire him in any way, Dr. Pervo took my family hostage. Things ended with a cast-iron skillet to his head (thanks to the aim of my mother) and a hole in my uncle’s neck. The bullet nicked his carotid artery. 
I’ll admit, watching blood rush from Tio’s wound and seeing the paramedics shock him back to life three times were pretty traumatic and stressful events. Maybe I wasn’t over them yet. Maybe Caleb was right and I did have PTSD. The whole ordeal had messed me up in numerous ways. 
First, I wasn’t sleeping well. Every other dream was a nightmare; most of them involved creepy men putting cameras in my air vents and posting naked pictures of me all over the internet. I also dreamed of Tio’s death, which was beyond horrifying and often left me sobbing uncontrollably while asleep and awake. Lack of sleep made me jumpy. After a few ear-piercing screams and a near stabbing, Caleb had learned to come at me from the side and not from behind, unannounced. 
I also wasn’t sleeping well because of the rattled nerves that came with having a new boyfriend—my first boyfriend. With very little experience to go on in my twenty-six years (there were only so many of Moo’s sexcapade tales that I could deal with or learn from) I was always questioning our relationship. Is he happy? Is he satisfied? Should I be doing something right now? Does he think that other girl’s cute? We should be having sex. He’ll leave me because we’re not having sex. I won’t even touch it. There’s something wrong with me! Having yet to fulfill the more intimate side of coupledom, which seemed to come so easily to everyone else in the world, I felt a bit—deformed.
I started taking a shot of Grey Goose before bed just to chill out. 
Second, I was obscenely paranoid of almost everything. I watched people on the street until they gave me strange looks as if I were the crazy one. 
And third, I was obsessed with crime TV. I instantly knew the killer in every CSI or Law & Order episode Moo and I watched. I was eighty-five percent right on the “twist” episodes and one-hundred percent when the killer was obvious. I honed my skills of detection, sharpening the edges of my mind by patrolling court cases in the greater Manhattan area. I read the newspaper reports (even a few police reports) and called accurate guilty verdicts in almost all of the homicide cases I could get my hands on. On top of that, I researched serial killers and read books about identifying psychopaths. 
Knowing key characteristics of a killer was important because I had to keep myself, Moo, and Caleb protected at all costs.
So when Christian Waller, a six-foot-four, blond socialite and ex-fiancé to my friend and coworker Olivia Hermann, sauntered into Java Loo, the coffee shop I managed, I knew he was a serial killer.
He was two feet into the building when Olive declared that she never wanted to see him again and then ran back into the kitchen. I didn’t know what to do—go after her or face off with Christian. When he approached me, I felt on guard, ready to smash a coffee pot over his head if he made the slightest move toward Olive. I knew the moment he narrowed his dark eyes that he could kill someone—perhaps he already had.
Olive had dated Christian for two years in college. She graduated a year ago, and now at twenty-three, the five-foot-four brunette, no bigger than my right size-sixteen thigh, was five months pregnant with Christian’s triplets. Triplets! Recently, he had told her that he didn’t want the babies. This was after proposing the week before. Olive called off the engagement, but still wore the enormous diamond ring on her finger. I wasn’t sure what possessed her to keep it on. If a guy proposed to me, promised me the world, and then ripped it back out of my arms with words the equivalent of a sharp kick to the stomach, I would have shoved the ring up his ass.
Maybe Olive was holding out hope.
Recent tabloids had declared the relationship done (a few already calling Christian a deadbeat), so seeing him in the café was shocking. 
Christian was the male version of Paris Hilton or Kim Kardashian in both looks and popularity. He was sexy in all the right ways. His father was Gregory Waller, a rich investment banker, entrepreneur, and economics professor. He was worth more money than I would ever see in my life time. In comparison, Christian was more loaded than Moo, who had been a supermodel since our junior year of high school. And good ol’ Moo was known worldwide, except the world knew her as Molia Hart. She was pretty well off, but she didn’t have nearly the wealth of the Waller family. Neither did Caleb who made his own way through fashion and architecture photography.
So, while I’d seen Christian in the society pages of the newspaper and in magazines like Us Weekly and Star, not once in the two years that I’d worked with Olive at Java Loo had he ever come to the store. 
Joann Chen, a delicate-looking Chemistry student at Columbia and my first hire as manager, froze at my side after spotting him. She wasn’t the only person to take notice. The only other celebrity who came into our little store on Wall Street was Moo. Despite Joann’s gawking, I wasn’t impressed. In person Christian was just a little off. Maybe it was the all-night partying (as reported that morning on Perez Hilton.com), or maybe it was the lack of his customary eye make up. He seemed pale and flighty, almost as jumpy as me. He was, however, dressed to the nines, wearing brown boots and slacks and a long khaki trench coat. His blond hair was cut jaggedly and a generous amount of hair product had been used to get it to stick up. He looked “camera ready” as Moo called it.
Christian approached with an assured step and leaned across the counter. Up close, his eyes were dark enough to be considered black. My eyes rose to his blond hair—definitely dyed. He gave me the smile he used for magazines; his cheeks pitted with deep dimples. He had the straightest, whitest, teeth money could buy. He was without a doubt a sexy man, but his eyes… he had the eyes of a devil. 
“Killer” popped into my head and stuck there like a tumor. As he stared at me my mind raced through all of the things I had learned about serial killers on Wikipedia:
Charles Manson: The leader of a group known as “The Family” and the mastermind behind several brutal murders; most notoriously that of a movie actress who was eight and a half months pregnant at the time. He had a manic look about him with deep black eyes. 
Ed Gein: Claimed that in eating the corpses of women who looked like his deceased mother, he could preserve her soul inside his body. He had dopey, black eyes. 
Jeffrey Dahmer: He killed his victims quickly, almost as if it were a chore, and then indulged in necrophilia or cannibalism. Disgusting. Guess what he had? Dead eyes. They weren’t dark, but they might as well have been.
Black eyes, black eyes, black eyes. Christian was not bothered by Olive’s outburst and fleeing.
“Hi, Beautiful,” he said to Joann before he returned his attention to me. I rubbed the goose bumps on my arms. “Could you ask Olivia to come back out?” He drummed his long, thin fingers on the countertop.
“I’m pretty sure she made it clear that she doesn’t want to see you,” I said, crossing my arms. “You don’t want the babies. What are you even doing here?”
I felt like a mama cat ready to tear his throat out to protect Olive and her cubs. He held the same fake smile even as I tossed his hateful words back at him. God, you’re well trained in celebrity, aren’t you? I’m surprised you’re not an actor. But then, actors had to have vitality behind their eyes and in their expressions. Unless they’re playing serial killers.
“That’s not what I said to her,” he finally said, muttering something else about stupid tabloids.
Technically, he’d said that he wasn’t ready to be a father, but, if you asked me, it was the same thing. His eyes dropped down to my breasts. I was about to snap my fingers in front of his face when he looked up.
“So, you’re Estela.” He nodded in a smug “of course you’d be a bitch to me” way. “Olivia’s told me so much about you. Did you know she’s only working here because of you? She won’t leave this shit hole.”
“Really?” I asked. And I’m only here because of her. “Well, Olive and I are pretty close.”
Christian’s smile didn’t reach his eyes. “Olive… that’s cute. I tried to call her that when we were first dating… she didn’t like it.” He looked at his long fingers. I noticed that his fingernails were trimmed to the nub and polished to a glossy shine. “Has she said anything about me?”
I shook my head. “Would you like a coffee?” 
“Oh, no.” Christian drew back slowly and stepped aside so Joann could serve the next customer. He continued to look around before he looked at me again. “Could you tell Olivia that I’d like to talk with her soon?” I nodded to him, knowing full well that Olive had her ear pressed against the door and could hear everything. I watched Christian walk across the store and pull open the door. A gust of cold air and light snowflakes swept in as the devil walked out.
I waited a few minutes to be sure Joann could handle customers on her own for a little while before heading back to Olive. She looked up from my desk chair, which she had pulled up to the large stainless steel counter. She was carefully cutting out Santa-shaped sugar cookies. Although her face was calm (if not a little red), her eyes held fire and anxiousness. She hadn’t seen Christian in days. I was proud of her for not being more riled up at his sudden appearance.
For someone who had basically been banned to kitchen duty after a few outbursts at customers, she didn’t seem to mind menial tasks like baking and frosting sugar cookies. I knew that she probably was grateful to sit all day. She had been exhausted and overworked, and literally dissolved on a regular customer who had shown concern that she was still working in her condition. She looked nine months pregnant, but was really only five and was tired of people telling her what to do because they thought they knew what was right for her. I tried to give the regular—Suit and Tie Guy—a free breakfast that day and was pleased to see that he continued to come into the store every morning for his grande mint espresso and bran muffin. He’d become somewhat of a fixture in my Java Loo life for the last two years.
I think Richard Tober, my old boss, would have fired Olive on the spot had he still been in charge. But Richard was gone. Last I heard, he took a manager job at a Starbucks closer to his family and was now boring them with his jowly looks and big, beer belly overhang.
Olive’s hazel eyes twinkled at me when she pointed to a batch of cookies that were cooling on wire racks. “I didn’t burn those.”
I nodded dismissively. “Has Christian ever been in trouble with the law?” I asked.
She shook her head. “Not serious trouble. Why?”
“I’m pretty sure he’s a serial killer,” I said flatly. Olive’s warm laughter filled the kitchen. I watched her belly bounce. After a few seconds too long, I crossed my arms and frowned at her. That really wasn’t the reaction I was expecting. She laughed at me the way Moo laughed when I told her about my serial-killer-detection power.
“Oh thank you, Stela,” Olive sighed after a while. “I really needed that. Seeing him made me feel so discombobulated.”
My face muscles were starting to burn from frowning. “I wasn’t cracking a joke!”
“The worst Christian can do to another person is to break their heart,” she said, voice wobbling. The Santa cookie in her hand snapped in half. She cursed and stared at the broken pieces before taking a bite. She wrapped her slender arm around her enormously swollen belly. My heart went out to her. I couldn’t even imagine her stress. Three babies on the way and she was only twenty-three, and I, at twenty-six, couldn’t even get to home base with a man who was more than willing to see me naked. 
Olive’s cheeks went pale. She sat back in my desk chair and stretched out her lower back with a grimace. “It’s like they know when I’m upset or something. They’re somersaulting inside me… wanna feel?” Always intrigued by Olive’s taut stomach, I went to her side and laid my hand just above her protruding belly button. A bump-bump reached my palm as one—or two—of the babies kicked. 
“That is so freaky,” I said, placing my other hand on her. Bump. Bumpbump. Bump. “They’re taking care of their Mommy. Telling her to calm down.”
“Yeah,” Olive sniffed. “What did Christian want?”
“He said he wanted to talk to you,” I answered. “Has he been trying to contact you?”
She nodded and rolled herself to the oven. I pushed her back to the counter and took the oven mitt from her hand. I removed three pans of cookies.
“He’s trying to reconcile with me,” she said. “It’s what his dad wants—and mine. But I really don’t trust him, you know?” 
I nodded. You shouldn’t trust a killer. 
I watched Olive pull on fresh latex gloves. She picked up a cookie and the frosting knife and began decorating. I helped her until Joann called me on the headset and said she needed assistance.
“Are you sure he’s never killed anyone?” I asked.
“Seriously, Estela,” Olive laughed, waving me away. Before I reached the door she called out, “What makes you think that?”
“He’s got demon eyes,” I said, dead serious. Olive peeled with fresh laughter and accidently slaughtered a second Santa. Despite her laughter, I knew without a doubt that Christian Waller had serial killer potential. “He also said you won’t leave Java Loo because of me. Is that true?”
Olive lifted her eyes and shrugged. “I like working here,” she said. “I’m not ready to call it quits and spend the next few months in bed.”
We both knew bed rest was coming. How many women pregnant with triplets could do everything that a woman pregnant with just one baby could do until the end of term? Kitchen duty in a crappy rolling desk chair would eventually lose its appeal and comfort. I had a feeling that she would be leaving one day soon. Especially when a few days ago she’d offhandedly told me that her father was demanding that she quit. 
Olive didn’t really need to work. She came from a decent family—her father was an old oil man from Texas—who was well off enough to have been scandalized by her pregnancy. I think the tides had lowered on that front. Now whenever I caught her crying into muffin batter it wasn’t because she’d disappointed her father; it was that her back hurt, or it was about Christian. Now that the engagement was over—ending the union of two powerful families—perhaps the pressure was back on from her father.
“Be honest,” Olive said, “what did you really think of him?”
Psycho. 
Serial killer. 
Charles Manson. Ed Gein. Jeffery Dahmer. Dr. Pervo. Hannibal Lector. The guy who was the chainsaw killer in Texas… 
A black-eyed devil.
Pervert who put cameras in the air vents of innocent women….
“Cute,” I said, hating myself for the lie.
“Yeah,” Olive sighed dreamily. “He’s charming, too, Stela, so goddamn charming.” She pressed her frosting knife a little too hard and another cookie crumbled in her hands. “Don’t trust charming guys, Stela. There’s nothing good about a charming man.”
Caleb was charming. He was sweet, kind, an all around nice guy. The kind of guy most girls wanted when they were done with the bad boys. I trusted charming men. I didn’t trust serial killers, which is exactly what Christian was.

***

After work, I went to Moo’s apartment uptown. I was still trying to reacquaint myself with my Chinatown apartment, but after the cameras in the vents fiasco, I was out of love with my apartment, despite Caleb’s best attempts to make me comfortable there. Moo lived in the same building as Caleb, so I suppose I had ulterior motives in going to her place instead of mine. I knew Caleb wouldn’t be able to make it to Chinatown that night; staying with Moo allowed us to be together despite his crazy work schedule.
I dug my key out of my purse and let myself inside. The air was a garlicky heaven. I dropped my purse on the floor. Chicken parmesan, that’s gotta be it. Definitely garlic bread.
My stomach growled.
Moo’s boyfriend, Jeremy McCullum—who owned J.M. Catering, a swanky catering business here in Manhattan—had been feeding Moo since they started dating. She couldn’t cook to save her life, so we were eating pretty well of late. I was excited for whatever he brought us. I closed the front door and stepped on the back of my right boot and pulled my foot out. Balancing flamingo style on my socked foot, I pulled the other boot off and tossed it to the side. Shrugging out of my coat, I tossed it on the floor and hurried into the kitchen. I found a tinfoil wrapped pan in the oven.
“Oh, glorious pasta,” I sang. Behind me, the kitchen door swung open with a bang. 
“Stela!”
Moo stood before me in a pink feather tutu and a tiara. I saw a flash of boob before her skinny arms were crossed over them. I wasn’t really shocked by her nakedness and she wasn’t embarrassed; she only covered up for my sake. My eyes fell to the tutu—this is definitely new. She curled her toes in and bit her lower lip.
“I, um… I got distracted….” Moo said with a shy smile. “Aren’t you early?” 
I was thirty minutes late. 
“Jeremy was just going to drop off our dinner… and I… I, um… we just….”
I started laughing and so did she.
“What the hell are you wearing?” I cried. This time she did drop her arms and did one of her model poses before catwalking around the kitchen. You couldn’t take the model out of Moo. It didn’t matter where she was or that she was considering semi-retirement to get pregnant with Jeremy’s baby. Moo the Model was constantly working, even half naked in her own kitchen. The baby thing was weird though; I thought that was a bit extreme. After all, they’d only been dating a few weeks longer than Caleb and I.
“It’s called a Tutu of Pleasure,” she said as she fluffed the feathers. “I got it from Tangible Pleasures.” Moo spun on her toes like a ballerina and then shook her bottom at me. “It’s got this crotchless panty contraption to it.” She didn’t show me, thank God. “Something about the feathers drives Jeremy crazy.” Her blue eyes danced with light as she pointed at me. “You should get one for Caleb.”
I blushed.
Caleb Hood was the second man in the world to make me feel attractive in my own skin. My uncle was the first. Before Caleb, I had zero experience with men. Most of the guys I dated found ways to hurt me with comments that had cut through my heart and scarred me deep. I was too fat, too brown, too loud, too tall, too poor, too smart, or too fat. After so many downs, I easily believed that I was not good enough. 
Caleb, like my tio, loved me for who I was, including my belly. I didn’t doubt Caleb’s love for me or my love for him; however, I still had major hang-ups that I couldn’t seem to get over, no matter how hot he made me. And I knew what I wasn’t wearing for him ever.
“No, you rock that tutu,” I said, “it’s not for me.”
“No,” she agreed, “it’s for Caleb.”
I rolled my eyes.
“Give me five… no ten… no fifteen… yeah, twenty… give me twenty more minutes, okay?” Moo hurried past me and jerked open the refrigerator. She took out a can of whipped cream, shook it, and cursed when she found it half empty.
“Good, you’ll ruin your appetite,” I said.
Moo grinned and closed the refrigerator door with her slender hip.
“It’s not for me,” she said as she uncapped the canister.
I looked way at the noisy spray of whipped cream and laughed as Moo’s gasped: “Cold!”
When I looked back, her breasts were covered with whipped cream and she was hurrying past me, her feathered tutu billowing as she ran on tiptoe. “Okay, Stela… thirty more minutes, okay, just forty more minutes?” She pushed through the kitchen door and I could hear here giggling all the way across her posh apartment to her room. I blushed hearing Caterer Jeremy’s growl of appreciation.
I would be eating alone. I debated making myself a plate without waiting for Moo to join me. In the end I grabbed a few chocolate chip cookies and flipped on the TV mounted inside the refrigerator door. I surfed through the channels and stopped on a local news station that was giving the weather report. Leaning against the counter, I shivered seeing as the weatherman projected highs in the twenties for the next few days. The forecast for Christmas was basically “bitter cold, possible blizzard.” I was about to change the channel when they went to a live report from New York University. 
A pretty brunette with concerned-looking brown eyes stood in front of what looked like a dorm, her hair blowing in the wind, her lips a little blue. After a slight delay, she began her report:
“The body of a young pregnant woman was found early this morning here on the NYU campus. The body has been identified as Maggie Shwartz, a senior Zoology major, and daughter of New York Senator Lysander Shwartz.” 
I shoved a cookie into my mouth. 
“The police have no leads on the murder of young Maggie, but have a list of possible suspects, which, according to our source, includes Christian Waller, son of banking tycoon Gregory Waller." 
My mouth went dry as Christian’s face flashed on the screen. Because I couldn’t swallow, I spat cookie into my hand and jumped up. Mouth still half full, I pointed at the TV.
“I knew it!” I shouted. “I knew you were a killer!” 
And to think Moo and Caleb tell me I’m being over dramatic. I listened to the rest of the report that didn’t give many more details. I then went in pursuit of Moo, eager to tell her “I told you so.” Halfway across the apartment, my feet stalled and my heart began to race. 
Christian’s a murderer. A pregnant girl was killed.
I made it to the foyer in four huge, leaping steps, and grabbed my cell phone out of my purse, which was still on the ground where I’d dropped it. I couldn’t feel the tip of my fingers as I accessed my contacts. I had to talk to Olive and make sure she was okay. Then I needed to convince her not to go back to a killer.

Killing Monsters – Now Available

***

Acknowledgments

Many heartfelt thanks to my sister Jennifer for her undying support and encouragement; to my parents for always pushing me to pursue my dreams; to loyal FictionPress readers (who gave me the confidence to share my work); to Jose Arteaga for light editing and his help with Spanish translations (any Spanish errors herein are purely my own); to Bunmi Ishola, for being a phenomenal first reader and champion for Estela and Moo; and to Tina V. and Sarah M. for proofreading/copyediting help. Any errors in this finished work are my own.

2014 update: A huge thanks to Heidi Hoffmann for helping me with additional edits.

Thanks for giving KILLING MEMORIES a chance. I hope you enjoyed reading it. Please leave a review when you get a chance and help me spread the word about this series.

