The Royal Perfects
Written by Jeremy Neeley

Published by Jeremy Neeley at Smashwords

Copyright 2010 Jeremy Neeley


License Notice
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment and is not to be resold or given to another party in any form. If another party wishes to use this book, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



=====






Table of Contents
Paupers and Pigs
An Act of Desperation
The Spotlight Shines
Dressed to Impress
The Growing Gusto
Playing the Part
A Hell of a Night
Addition Through Subtraction
Building Momentum
Greek Tragedy
Time in the Grinder
Confined Creativity
Duchess Josephina’s Secret
Challengers and Their Wicked Ways
The Book of Love
The Final Bow
Epilogue
A Note from the Author



=====


Chapter 1: Paupers and Pigs

Timmy pressed his cheeks between the bars of the wrought iron gate and gazed upon the brilliant green stretch of manicured lawn extending beyond. There gathered an assembly. Dozens of young men and women, adorned in silken graduation robes, stood attentively as an aged man of academics issued remarks of congratulations and advice from behind a podium. Timmy could identify each member of the youthful congregation, their faces filled with hopes and dreams. He knew, all too well, the rambling dean presiding over his charges. He was fully aware why they were there and why he was not, and a deep sorrow fell over his heart.
Timothy E. Wicketts was deemed the "Bastard Babyface of Shuttlecock Lane." A fatherless runt, his ageless facial features never matured beyond that of an eight-year-old boy. During his formative teenage years, this odd ailment, coupled with poor student performance, made him a prime target for bullies and ruffians. Not only was he cursed with "the softness," he was not much of a scrapper, despite the almost daily need to defend himself. After a rather vicious tail snapping in an alley next to the finishing school he attended, Wicketts decided he desperately needed to devise a method to elude such rough ends. 
Months before, the Bastard Babyface was approached by a group of classmates intent on unleashing a bevy of fists and boot buckles. As they rolled up their sleeves, Timmy pulled a large stovepipe hat and a pair of wire-rimmed spectacles from his duffle. Donning both, he scribbled a charcoal stash and mutton chops upon his face. The bullies didn't know what to make of the transformation and neither did the growing throng of school children eager to bear witness to another beating.
Wicketts knew he had everyone's attention, and grasping the moment, he broke into an elaborately planned, and downright exceptional, skit mocking the school's headmaster, a man very similar in appearance to the now costumed boy. The kids hooted and hollered as Timmy cracked fancies and hobbled about with clownish zeal. By the end of his routine, not a single child harbored him ill will. They were all simply too amused to hate. Wicketts had found his greatest means of self-preservation ...entertainment.
The next few weeks were noted by several requests for impersonations. From the haggard, old hall polisher to the professor of fine textiles, Timmy performed his magic without fail. Each time he would hit the mark in most satirical fashion, and the kids were left rolling and giggling. 
A few months before graduation, Timmy found himself once again skipping about in his headmaster persona while acting a grand scene in the boys’ washroom. His fans smiled and bellowed, thoroughly amused. But then their mood suddenly and surprisingly grew stale. All eyes had shifted toward a spot behind Wicketts. Timmy turned to mirror their gaze and was met by the enraged pupils of Headmaster Vincent Vainville himself.
The headmaster snatched Timmy by the ear and dragged him off amidst a harsh tirade of damning words. The humorless man was so incensed at what he perceived as a personal assault on his very character that he expelled Timothy that day.
Now looking on from a distance at his classmates, barred from the pomp and circumstance, Timmy wished he had toughened it out just a bit longer. He wished he had taken a few more wallops and bruises just until he received his diploma, because a diploma from The Vainville Academy for Proper and Prosperous Youths was a ticket to success.
Despite a tradition of molding many young people through routine doses of cold discipline, the academy was a progressive institution in at least one respect. It was one of the first to offer not only men, but women as well, proper education in a variety of trades and disciplines. As long as one could afford the hefty tuition, every graduate was guaranteed a job full of wealth and esteem. From bankers to businessmen, fine tailors to high seas sailors, all would find a profession of envy among the people of Upper Southrump.
The Vainville Academy was a place of legacy and Timmy's father was counted among the alumni. Unfortunately, he had passed away prior to Timmy's studies. His wealth was enough to spur on his son's education, but it had all been squandered when Timmy got himself expelled. Even more disappointing was that the vindictive Headmaster Vainville had taken Timmy's punishment to even greater extremes. Vainville was a man of community connections and he used those influences to blacklist the lad from anything deemed as respectable employment. 
A joyous hurrah marked the end of the ceremony. Corner-caps were sent sailing into the air as hugs and well wishes spread among the group. It was a cacophony of relief, joy and excitement. As he scanned the vibrant visages, he came upon that of Genevieve Jenkins. Her golden blond hair swayed as she turned, like sheer, sun-kissed silk cascading down her soft shoulders. Timmy held there for a moment, taking in her beauty.
Genny was the only classmate who consistently abstained from his harassment. She was the only one to speak kindly, if briefly, to the young Wicketts. On one occasion, she even helped him to his feet after a pack of misfits had knocked him down. Once Timmy’s skits had garnered him acceptance, Genny continued to be a smiling face just off in the distance. Their relationship never became more than that, but Timmy wished it had. It would certainly never be the case now. Genny would head off to become a successful merchant and Timmy would do God knows what. His options had been vengefully limited.
“Move along son,” a gruff voice bellowed, accompanied by a shove from a baton. “No need to be gawking.”
“Yes, Sir,” replied Timmy, respectful of the constable’s order.
Timmy turned from the scene, Genny fresh in his mind once more. Despite the disappointment of not being among the graduates, thoughts of her always lightened his heart. He kicked a stone down the lane as he walked the cobblestone street heading back to his home in Sooty Stoops.
Upper Southrump was a bustling burgh of variety. What once existed as a smaller shire of shipping and agriculture had slowly been transformed over decades’ time by the catalyst known as the Industrial Revolution.  The rich and savvy were keen to adapt, reaping even greater fortune, while many others were subject to job loss and poverty at the hands of change. For every wool coat-wearing aristocrat dining on plumb goose, there existed a dozen other Southrumpians nibbling on stale crust.
Timmy walked adjacent to the several yards of mortared stonewall surrounding the Vainville Academy. The building lay at the center of Southrump, not far from the mayor’s quarters and the local house of parliament. There were many fine mansions and upscale proprietors in the Central District. Landscapes of sprawling design, highlighted by ornamental flowers and shrubs, traced the street edge. This was the land of the well-to-do. Tailored suits and parasols strolled the walks and everyone was greeted with a tip of the hat. Wealth called Central home, and it seldom strayed far from its familiar surroundings.
A few more blocks brought Timmy to lane upon lane of specialty shops. The Shillings District was full of markets and merchants. It was a keystone of commerce and a place where you could find anything in the world. From exotic foods to finely sewn gowns, Shillings had something for everyone, provided you had the pounds. It was a constant dervish of sellers and purchasers exchanging goods and haggling deals.
Just past Shillings wafted the ever-present, pungent perfume of fish and sea, the land of sailors and shippers, The Moors. A rougher crowd conducted business here, but if you knew yours, one could pass through without incident. The salty air mixed with salty dialogue gave The Moors its unique local color.
Finally, Timmy set foot on Shuttlecock Lane, a twisting roadway winding like a wet noodle amongst the black-shingled homes of Sooty Stoops. At one point, Sooty Stoops was purely residential. Hundreds of flats and cottages were nestled amongst one another in a tightly knit patchwork of alleys and lamppost-lined paths.
Home to the less affluent of Upper Southrump, Sooty Stoops had seen the brunt of industrial change. Several immense factories had opened their doors upon demolished tenements and foreclosed storefronts. These bastions of mass production would churn out thousands of consumer goods while simultaneously spewing thick clouds of ash into the air. The new industry employed many, but unemployed more.
Tradesmen, who used to be valued for their handiwork and craftsmanship, had been replaced by automation and cheaper inventory. Many of these unfortunate beings were left to their own means among the rabble and rubble of Sooty Stoops. It all made for quite a congested and depressed nook of Upper Southrump. 
Timmy hadn’t always lived in Sooty Stoops. At one point he and his parents had lived in a cottage in Greycourt Abbey, another nearby district. After Timmy’s father passed away, his mother had moved them both to the less expensive Sooty Stoops neighborhood. She had hoped to extend their inheritance for she did not work and lacked any marketable skills. It could be said she was of loose morals for after her husband died; Mrs. Wicketts waited but a few weeks before seeking out the attention of another, hopping from man to man as a grasshopper leaps amongst the twigs. Her search was fueled further by Timmy's expulsion. Both had hoped Timmy would land a good-paying job after graduation. When that plan went up in smoke, Mrs. Wicketts went on the prowl for a wealthy benefactor, much like her first husband. 
The Bastard Babyface stood in front of an oak door, washed in a fading green patina. He procured a key from his pocket and unlocked the rusted iron latch. The thick slab creaked slowly open. Timmy entered his home, the echo of his steps bouncing off the cold stone walls. It was quiet. His mother must have been out again, a fairly common occurrence. The lad walked through the common room, tossing his worn longcoat overtop a tattered settee. He then went to the pantry to rummage for a snack. 
As he approached the cupboard door, something upon the tabletop caught his eye. Upon closer inspection, he discovered an envelope with his name written on it. Timmy tore back the enclosure, breaking the red wax seal emblazoned with his family emblem. Inside was a note from his mother.
“Timothy,” it began, “I have met a man of love and fortune. He is a handsome and successful turnip farmer. I am going away to live with him and we plan to wed. You are your own man now and I pray you do not seek me out. All in our house I leave to you. I bid you luck and love. With regards, Mother.”
As Timmy folded the parchment back up and placed it on the table once more, he wasn’t sure exactly what he was feeling. Part of him was filled with sadness. Part was indifferent. His mother had fast-become a more selfish woman, caring less about her son and more about returning to a lifestyle of leisure and comfort. Timmy would see her sparingly and only occasionally while on holiday from the Vainville Academy. After his expulsion, their interactions again would be limited. During the day, Timmy would be out about town seeking employment, and come evening his mother would depart, dressed in questionable attire. They had become less mother and son, and more passing flatmates. With her gone, Timmy was relieved the burden of worry and had only himself to look after. That wasn’t entirely a bad thing in his mind.
Scrounging a couple of dried beet cakes from the breadbox, Wicketts sat down at the table. He pushed aside his mother’s letter and reached for the day’s issue of The Southrump Ballyhoo. The Ballyhoo was the newspaper of record in Upper Southrump. Printed in its pages were all manner of announcements, stories, and public notices. Timmy was focused on the classified ads. Now that he was an adult orphan, finding work fast became of vital necessity.
He saw an ad for a novice noodle hanger, the same ad he had seen the week before. But, when Timmy went to apply for the position, he was turned down immediately upon uttering his name. Vainville’s vicious words had met another compliant ear. Timmy also saw an ad for a shipmate on the Crested Flounder, another unfilled occupation he had previously inquired about. But again, the headmaster’s influence was far reaching. Even work at The Moors was hard to come by.
Finally the young man noticed a new announcement, one not previously published. It called for an apprentice to a professional pig musher, whatever that meant. Wasting little time, Timmy ran back toward the common room and retrieved his longcoat. He sprinted out the door and down the road hoping he’d be the first, and only, applicant.
The classified led Master Wicketts to a stable only a few blocks north of his home. It was a small pen with an attached wooden shack shaded by a thick wickerwork roof. In the pen were several rotund boars, snorting and rooting through muck and filth. When Timmy drew nearer, the largest looked his way. It belted out a gurgling burp, which alerted a smaller pair of pigs to squeal. Before long, the whole lot was making noise and eyeing Timmy curiously.
The ruckus also brought the attention of a man inside the shack. He stumbled out the log door in a bit of a fog. He rubbed his eyes as if just waking from slumber, and re-tied the twine rope that held up his trousers.
“Quiet down you pink plumbs!” the man bellowed at his pack of pigs. He then caught sight of Timmy standing by the pen fence. “Oh, didn’t see you standing there, son,” he apologized.
Timmy did not hesitate. He held up his copy of The Southrump Ballyhoo and pointed to the proposition.
“Are you hiring, fine Sir?” Timmy questioned with hope.
“Yep,” the man said, as he gave Timmy a thorough looking over. “How old are you?”
Timmy was asked that question on almost a daily basis. Having the face of a boy, but the body of a full-grown man, made for an odd visual.
“I’m 19,” replied the gentle-featured Wicketts.
Timmy could tell the man was debating the fact in his head, but only for a moment. His next question proved his acceptance.
“You interested?” the man asked.
“Quite definitely,” responded the eager Wicketts.
The man then approached and extended a handshake while introducing himself, “I’m William Mudd.”
Timmy shook his dirt-covered paw and gulped hard fearing what was to come upon revealing his name. “I’m Timmy Wicketts, Sir,” he said in a lesser tone, almost hoping to sneak it by Mr. Mudd.
“What’s that, boy? Wicketts?” Mudd asked, having not fully heard Timmy’s name.
“Yes,” the cautious applicant said with more clarity. “Timmy Wicketts.”
He could see the axe drop, the continued and inevitable result of Vainville’s curse. This is the point at which he’d be shot an evil glare and a cold refusal. This is the point where hope died and he was sent away in shame. Only this time it didn’t transpire that way at all.
“Nice to meet you, Wicketts,” Mudd stated, as he delivered a firm shake and a stiff pat on the shoulder. It was now evident that William Mudd had not heard of the Vainville Academy incident. He revealed no such knowledge of that history in his response.
“Look here, son,” Mudd continued, “you come back at first light and we’ll get started. If you like the trade and have some aptitude, you got the job.”
Timmy grinned widely. “Yes, Sir!” he replied with fervor.
He gave William another sturdy handshake, one of gratitude, and headed back to his house. Despite the fact that Timmy didn’t have the foggiest idea of what being a pig musher truly entailed, he didn’t really care at that moment. All he knew was he had an opportunity, and that was enough to provide him a sound sleep that night.
When Timmy arrived the next day he found Mr. Mudd already awake and ankle deep in the pigpen. Mudd was filling a trough with spoiled food and grains, and his pigs were ravenously enjoying their breakfast.
“Ah, Wicketts,” Mudd greeted upon seeing Timmy approach, “jump the post and get over here.”
Timmy did just that, happy to get to the task at hand.
“First thing's first. We feed the oinkers,” Mudd said. “This guy here, his name is Tusk. He’s my lead pig.” Mudd patted the raised hair on the largest boar’s back. The pig looked up and snorted a hello, or at least it sounded that way. “We’ll let them eat a bit before we prep ‘em for hauling. Follow me, I’ll give you a rundown of the gear and ratchets.”
Mudd led Timmy to the back of the stable area. In a shaded alcove stood a couple of small chariot-looking wagons. They had all the makings and markings of the classic Roman transports, just at a smaller scale and with an additional wheel in front and seat at the rear. Hanging from hooks about the walls were all manner of latches and fastenings. The picture in Timmy’s head was now crystal clear, but Mudd spelled it out to be certain.
“These are my two pig chariots, Wicketts. Each is capable of hauling a driver and passenger on standard two-pig power. During rush hour, I’ve contemplated dressing a third to give the chariot a little added boost.”
Timmy was slightly befuddled. “Pigs?” he asked in astonishment.
“Yeah, swine, boars, four-footed rooters. They can haul as well as a donkey over short distances, plus the upkeep is a quarter the cost. It’s the latest and greatest mode of transportation in all of Upper Southrump. I’ve done a couple test hauls over the past week or so, and I think we’re just about ready to go public. The way I see it, with the tight, congested streets and narrow alleys all over the city, we’ll have more maneuverability and efficiency than those larger horse-drawn deals clogging up the entire town. Plus, those big steeds leave behind big messes, if you know what I mean. Pig chariots are really cutting-edge technology—all the benefits of quick transportation with far less pollution.”
Mudd was definitely passionate about his vision. That was without doubt. Timmy couldn’t vouch for the marketability of such an idea, however. That thought quickly came and went, though, as he concentrated on what mattered—gainful employment.
William pulled a map from his back pocket and laid it on a nearby anvil.
“This here is a map of all of Upper Southrump. Like I said, I did a few test runs and have pretty much outlined what I feel will be our most beneficial routes. Where we’ll make our money is in getting those fat cats over in Central back and forth from their new factories and businesses in Shillings and here in Sooty Stoops.”
Mudd spoke on as he traced his finger across a red line weaving through the city. “This is probably our best lane. It’s the most direct while still taking advantage of our smaller carriages. It also avoids the horse-heavy intersection by the old docks and the high traffic one next to the Institution for Uppity Type Hat Merchants. This one here I marked in blue is a good alternate if you run into any trouble on the main line. I also have this here green one. The only issue with that is it traverses a rather steep incline over by the waxing plant. I don’t know if any pig combo can handle that grade unless one of them is ole’ Tusk. If he ain’t hauling you, tis' smart to avoid that path.”
Timmy examined the system carefully, doing his best to memorize the various routes.
Mudd then grabbed a tunic and bell off an overhead shelf. “My plan is to operate a two-chariot system. We’ll both wear these uniforms.” 
The professional pig musher unfurled a large red garment. A picture of a smiling pig wearing a crown had been sewn at the center. The words “Mudd’s Swine Taxi” circled the image, written in a decorative and distinct font. 
Mudd was obviously pleased with his handiwork, smiling as he said, “We’ll both wear these and ring a bell just like this.” The bell jingled in a jolly fashion. “We’ll shout ‘pig chariot, pig chariot’ all while ringing our bells. That should draw attention and customers. It’s a one-fare ride no matter the distance. Three pennies will get them carted where they like, provided it is on our standard lines. You getting all this, Wicketts?”
Timmy just nodded. It was a lot to gather, but he didn’t want to let on there was even the slightest hint of confusion.
“Good, let’s move on to preparing the pigs and chariot,” Mudd stated as he went to retrieve a couple of his swell swine.
Over the next few hours, Timmy learned everything he ever wanted to know about pig mushing. Mudd covered proper pig maintenance and how to keep them in best temperament. Surprising to Timmy, boars loved their hindquarters scratched. Mudd had a specialized quill-rowed brush he used for administering the favored act. “Scratch their butts and they’ll follow you anywhere,” William advised. 
Timmy was also shown a rather unique method of pig hoofing. He never knew you could actually shoe a pig, but William Mudd had devised an ingenious method. It was a matter of forming and fitting a steel-soled slipper to cover the boars’ cleft nails. The practice saved wear and tear and would keep the pigs happier and healthier than they may otherwise be. Proper latching and fastening was reviewed next. 
Mudd covered the common two-pig hitch as well as the three-pig setup, should the need arise. After that, it was a demanding lesson on vocal calls and actual mushing. The professional pig chariot operator had trained his stable of workers to respond to a series of auditory commands. Mudd himself had always delivered them, so there was a definite learning curve when Timmy belted out the orders. On his first attempt, not a single swine responded. Timmy did not lose heart, however. He listened carefully to Mudd’s inflections, his rhythms. He took note of his subtle pronunciations and the way he formed his mouth. On his next attempt, Timmy Wicketts delivered a spot-on vocal impersonation of William Mudd. The boars did whatever he ordered, without hesitation. Even ole’ Tusk was fooled. 
“Alright, Wicketts,” Mudd said, approvingly, “looks like you got the knack.” He then handed Timmy the reigns of one of the chariots. “Take her for a spin.”
Timmy had already harnessed a pair of hogs to the wagon, so he simply boarded, took tight grip of the reigns and shouted out the command for go, “Hieeeee!”
With that, he was off. The pig chariot rumbled out of the holding area and down the street. Timmy urged a bit more speed and the pigs obliged. He ordered a turn here and a turn there, and the pigs altered course confidently. Skirting around at a steady trot, the transport definitely beat walking. With a light breeze in his hair, the apprentice musher had a grand time traveling upon his odd pig-powered contraption. 
Timmy Wicketts had learned well that day, and by the time he returned to the stables, William Mudd was ready to christen him a partner in Upper Southrump’s first, and only, pig chariot transportation enterprise. Timmy would be paid a thirty percent take after subtracting pig care and equipment upkeep costs, and that was as good as he could’ve hoped for. They sealed the deal with a pint of Colonel Thomas Stout’s 100% Pure Grain Alcohol before parting ways. Timmy borrowed the route map to study overnight and then headed home. Tomorrow would be the first official day of business and both men needed their rest.
The next morning, William Mudd was again out in the pen. Timmy offered him a warm greeting, which was returned, and the two began the task of preparing the pigs and chariots. With their similar red uniforms fitted nicely and their bells at the ready, the pair of pig mushers set out to find those in need of a ride.
They offset their trips. Timmy was sent ahead and William would follow after a spell in hopes of passing different crowds and spacing out their travels.
Sticking to his memorized red-lined route, Wicketts passed through the neighborhoods of Southrump. He rang his bell invitingly while bellowing “Pig chariot! Pig Chariot!” just as William had instructed. At first, he received an abundance of gawking looks and bewildered gasps. Several of the refined men and women of the town could not believe their eyes. Did this man really expect people of any self-respect would willingly move from place to place whilst behind a couple of boar butts? Haughty laughs of disbelief were all that Timmy’s chariot garnered for quite some time. But then, an opportunity stepped into his path, quite literally.
A tall man in a cleanly pressed suit and carrying a leather satchel sprinted out of a corner bank. He hailed a horse-drawn carriage, and with great haste, ordered the driver to speed off. Steps behind appeared a second man, also clutching a satchel. Slightly younger than the first, but dressed just as elegantly, the fellow bellowed curses into the air and madly waived his fist.
Timmy rode up next to him. “Sir! Sir! What is the trouble?”
Red-faced and flustered, the man began to shout, “That scallywag has stolen my idea! He went into the lending branch just prior to me, obtained a loan, and is now heading off to purchase a large, ownership stake in a new home construction investment. The wily cur is going to steal my opportunity! He’s going to steal my future fortune!”
“Sir,” Timmy replied, “where is he headed?”
“To the stone quarry. The main office.”
“I can get you there before him,” Wicketts stated with confidence. “Hop aboard.”
The man paused and glanced at the two pigs currently occupied with sniffing a pile of rot. He was more than a little dubious of Timmy’s claims, but he had no other choice. He leapt into the passenger seat.
Timmy cried out a loud “Hieeeee!” and the chariot rumbled off.
Zipping around the quarters, the rig was making good progress. William Mudd’s route analysis was paying off. There were certain alleys and passageways a large horse carriage could not pass, but the smaller swine taxi was not so hampered. It maneuvered through back streets with precision, avoiding heavy congestion and traffic, and it did so with a surprisingly smooth ride. Swinging around a wide bend, the chariot looped back toward the main lane, now only yards from the quarry entrance.
Timmy’s passenger looked about with concern, trying to spot his adversary’s carriage. As the pig chariot made a final push toward the quarry office, the carriage was spotted…several meters behind them! Timmy’s taxi had beaten the horse-drawn transport to their common destination. The pig-pulled passenger was elated. He bound from his seat and ran for the office door.
“Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!” the joyous fellow gushed, while tossing Timmy a handful of coins. “I’m gonna’ tell everyone about this!” 
The happy customer then entered the office as his opponent’s ride arrived at the main gates. Timmy was as happy as could be. Not only had he helped someone, but hopefully the man would keep to his word and share the great review of Mudd’s Swine Taxi.
That man did indeed stay true to his word and over the next few days, both William and Timmy had a constantly increasing flow of passengers. The coin was rolling in as word spread of the quicker, more efficient means of getting about town. It was fantastic, and turning profitable. 
For months, Mudd’s Swine Taxi operated without incident. The hot summer brought out the oinkers’ stink, but routine scrubbing kept the boars at an acceptable odor, and ridership remained steady. Fall passed into winter and the weather it brought convinced William to devise a chariot passenger canopy rig, shielding their fare from the elements. This addition kept the customers coming even as the snow fell. By the time spring sprouted once more, Mudd’s Swine Taxi was doing very fine and, for many in Southrump, was a valued service.
As a result, Timmy, while by no means living in the lap of luxury, maintained a humble home. He may not have eaten the prime cuts, but his belly wasn’t left wanting. He may not have had the trendiest attire, but his soles bore no hole. Overall, it was a worry free lot, which Timmy enjoyed. 
Then, on one rather gray morning, an odd scene played out at the stables. Timmy was walking toward Mudd’s home, eager to start a fresh day of ferrying. As he drew nearer, he could see two rather hulking men, sporting the uniforms of lawmen, standing like large gargoyles on either side of a third, thinly structured fellow. The third man was clad in pristine white, with a tightly tailored waistcoat and low brimmed top hat. All three were conversing with William…well more like dictating.
Mr. Mudd stood, mouth agape and eyes wide, as the man in white continued to utter dialogue of apparently serious intent. Timmy was too far away to hear what was being said, so he quickened his pace. Just as he was within earshot, one of the hulks gave Mudd a stiff shove, and the trio then walked off. The man in white shot Timmy a cold stare as the three boarded a waiting horse-drawn carriage and then rolled away.
“Mr. Mudd, who was that?” Timmy asked with concern.
“That, my boy, is the end of a dream,” replied a somber William.
Timmy was confused. “What do you mean? What’s going on?”
Mudd sighed as he dumped a bucket of slop into the pigs’ trough. Tusk did not eat; he simply stood still, staring up at his master.
“Timmy,” the head pig musher began, “that was a representative of the local carriage and coaching union. Seems our little business is cutting into their profits and they don’t appreciate that much.”
“So,” Timmy blurted plainly. “Maybe if they provided a better service, people might use them more. We can’t help that Mudd’s Swine Taxi is the best at what it does.”
“That isn’t always how things work, lad. Sometimes, it isn’t about what’s best; it’s about what’s established. The carriage and coaching union is strong. It has influence that we do not.”
“What’s that mean? Are we just supposed to pack it up, call it quits?” 
“It may be in our best interests,” Mudd answered, as he headed back to his wooden shack.
“So that’s it?” an agitated Wicketts exclaimed. “We aren’t going out today? Tomorrow? Ever again?”
Mudd said nothing. He just walked into his hut, closing the log door behind him.
Timmy couldn’t fathom how it could end so quickly, so abruptly. He couldn’t grasp how a visionary like William Mudd could just wash his hands of it all, throwing away what he had so long labored over, what he poured barrels of passion into.
Better versus established was odd reasoning. Many established professions had seen their demise in recent years at the hands of new industry, new means. Why couldn’t the pig-chariot business carve out its little niche of the market? Confusion and anger churned in Timmy’s belly. He ran to the stable and hitched a ride as a cold rain began to fall. The hogs were still willing, and so was he. With red tunic tied taut and bell in hand, Timmy wheeled off on his daily route.
Business was a little slower that day, which was common when it rained, but Timmy still managed to rake in a pocketful of pennies. It was an honest day, same as the one before, but one fraught with continued questions about what had transpired that morning. It just wasn’t fair. It just wasn’t the way it should be. It troubled Timmy to a great extent and when he returned to the stable that night, he was fully prepared to rally William Mudd and renew his stolen vigor.
That would not be the case, however, for when Timmy pulled the pigs into the stable, he noticed William’s shack was dark. He was not home and left no indication of where he had gone. Timmy penned his pink steeds and placed his earnings in the customary spot hidden next to Mudd’s doorstep. He then departed as well, fairly certain he would suffer a restless night.
At dawn, Wicketts roused from beneath his wool blanket. He laced his boots and pocketed a beet cake before heading back to Mudd’s. Unfortunately, this morning’s scene was more troubling than the last. When Timmy arrived at William’s home, it was still empty but to even greater surprise, so was the pigpen. Neither a snort nor an oink could be heard for miles. It was an eerie silence.
Timmy walked the grounds, searching for anything that would hint at what had occurred. The alcoves were bare as well. The chariots and bindings had been removed. He reasoned that Mudd must have been home again at some point, for the penny purse was gone from its hiding place, but it was certain he was not there now. Timmy didn’t know what to make of it all. All that remained was a melancholy mood that hung low about the whole establishment. With nothing further to find, young Wicketts began the walk back home.
All the while, he played out scenarios in his mind, possibilities of where Mudd and his swine could have gone. None seemed overly likely or exceptionally probable, but Timmy simply could not think of anything else. Just then, something foreboding caught his eye. Had he not been enthralled with the thought of missing pigs, he may never have noticed the sign. Outside the corner butcher shop was written, FRESH PORK IN STOCK. TWO CHOPS A POUND. Timmy raced into the store.
“Here for some chops?” the butcher questioned upon seeing Timmy.
“No, sir, just information,” Timmy replied. “Do you mind me asking where you came upon your fresh stock of pork?”
“William Mudd. You know the guy who ran the hog carting service? He stopped in before daybreak. Sold me a half dozen. They were awfully toned for sows though. Not the fatty plumbs you’d normally expect. But he was offering a great price. I would’ve paid him double had he thrown in the large boar, but he said he couldn’t part with that one. Odd thing though, after he sold me the swine, he immediately went outside and handed the coin over to a man in a white suit. He must’ve had a debt to square, or something of the like.”
Timmy’s heart sank. He knew then that William was given no other option. He was further troubled by the thought that he, himself, had exasperated the problem by going out and running a chariot the day before. William must have had to pay for such a foolhardy action.



=====

Chapter 2: An Act of Desperation

Over the next few days, Timmy walked past the stables several times hoping to see William again. Every time he strode by, the place was as dead as the time before. William had definitely moved on, and Timmy whispered a prayer of good fortune to his absent friend.
After about a week, the grieving lad found himself sitting alone in his room with no idea of what to do next. The pain of lost opportunity had begun to grow numb, slowly being replaced by the anxiety of an increasingly meager existence. Jobs simply weren’t to be found. Timmy even sought out a post in the military, but was turned away due to his doubted age. The seminary held no hope either, for the reputation of his mother had tarnished his chances, and his limited exposure to sacred works cast his natural abilities in doubt. Wicketts was offered counsel and nothing more. Several more random inquiries for employment proved Vainville’s curse continued to live on, and as Timmy struggled to find money, his life crumbled around him. 
At first, he sold off his home’s interior decorations and then the furniture. Each week, a little bit more left the cottage. It was a slow process of possessional decomposition that was drawn despairingly over the course of several months. He’d swap a painting for a pie, an armchair for angel hair. By the time the last chest was carted away by a parasitic buyer, Timmy was eating nothing but tomato paste. Soon the poor pauper was signing papers, selling his home to a canning plant looking to expand its factory.
Another summer came and went, and with only the clothes on his back and a thin wad of bills, Timmy Wicketts was officially counted amongst the homeless and displaced of Upper Southrump. Living on the streets was a juxtaposed existence. On one hand, things were much simpler. Your concerns were simply two—stay warm and stay fed. On the other hand, accomplishing those two tasks was daunting at times.
Timmy was not the only homeless person in Sooty Stoops, and competition for sustenance was fierce. He was the recipient of many a pointed elbow or knotted knuckle while trying to scavenge for discarded leavings.
After more than one night shivering in a damp doorstep and being prodded by constables to move his sorry bone sack, Wicketts was fortunate enough to find a warm hiding spot behind the newly erected brick baking factory. It couldn’t have come at a better time for the weather was again turning brisk and biting. The smell of dispelled industrial exhaust took some getting used to, but at least it provided a constant flow of warming air upon his wood palette bungalow.
Time passed slowly for Timmy. The winter was thick and hard, and food was increasingly scarce. While digging through a pail of orange rinds outside of a local eatery, Wicketts came upon a sliver of fruit still stuck to the peel. As he pulled loose the morsel, he noticed a slouched sack stir and then tip on its side a few yards away. 
The fibrous bag let out a surprising groan as it crumbled to the alley floor. The sound struck Timmy as very odd. He cautiously approached the heap, and upon doing so, realized it was not a sack, but an old woman draped in burlap.
She was wrinkled and worn, using the hand-stitched tarp to hold back falling snowflakes. From the look of her glazed eyes and the shallow puffs of frosted breath, it was clear she was not in the best health, and by no means partook of hookem-snivey.
Timmy looked at the pitiful woman and, without hesitation, knelt down and placed the juicy slice of orange into her mouth. His own stomach growled angrily at the loss. She slid her tongue across her cracked lips, looked at Timmy with thankful eyes, and then breathed her last breath. A tear turned to glimmering ice upon Wicketts’ cheek.  
Eventually, the warming rays of spring began to crack the winter’s frost. It was a difficult span, but Timmy had survived. Despite all of the hardship, he held true to his honest values, that is, until a consecutive string of foodless days in mid-April convinced his weakened mind that values wouldn’t keep him breathing. He had no desire to die beneath a burlap sack. He fought the notion, but succumbed to the need, and on a damp spring morning, Timmy decided he needed to steal that day’s breakfast. He had never lowered himself to that desperate act, but could see no other option.
Hunger drove him to a nearby fruit cart. There he did his best to peruse the offerings without looking overly suspicious. The succulent melons called out to him. The apples teased his tongue. It was maddening to be so close and so famished. The fruiter was wary of the ravenous wolf dressed in tattered slacks and was keeping a sharp eye on his fruit flock. A woman then stepped into frame and asked for help with her purchase. This averted the fruiter’s eyes and Timmy lunged for a grapefruit.
Almost in the same instant, he felt a forceful tug on his shoulder. Swallowing deep, he was certain a constable had caught his criminal act. But, much to his relief, he discovered it was not a lawman, but an old school chum. Peter Prince was the man’s name, and he offered a smile and a handshake. 
“Timmy? Timmy Wicketts?” Peter asked with a grin. “It is you. I’d recognize that baby face anywhere.”
Timmy knew Peter fairly well. They had been classmates at the Vainville Academy and originally had a lovely bully-punching bag relationship. After Timmy resorted to his clownish antics, Peter was one of his biggest fans.
“Wicketts, you look…good,” Peter offered unconvincingly while looking over Timmy’s dirt-laden face and soiled attire.
“Thanks,” Timmy replied shamefully.
Peter straightened his silk tie and raised his hat brim, prepared to deliver an update on his obvious good fortune.
“Yeah, after graduation, I got a great job in the Patent and Ingenious Ideas Office over in parliament. It’s quite the cushy position. I simply review submissions and approve or disapprove the proposals. It’s great and has afforded me a nice little cottage over in Central. How ‘bout you? Where are you living now?”
Timmy glanced down the alley leading behind the brick baking factory. His pride kept him from revealing his makeshift quarters behind the plant, and instead he said, “Oh, I’m still living on Shuttlecock.”
“That’s nice,” replied Peter. “Hey, seeing you makes me recall those downright hilarious impersonations you used to do. Remember that one skit you’d perform about the groundskeeper and his wife the mop? That was great, an utter showpiece.” Peter couldn’t help but giggle as he recalled his classmate’s past acting exploits. He then noticed the grapefruit in Timmy’s hand.
“Hey Tim, how’s about you perform a little bit of ole’ Vinny Vainville. That act was capital. You give me a little of the headmaster and I’ll buy you that grapefruit.”
Timmy hadn’t performed in quite a long time, but the hollow echo of hunger pains was all that was needed to spur him on. He grabbed Peter’s hat and placed it upon his own head. He then ran his finger along the curb, covering it in dirt, which he hastily used to draw a ‘stash and chops upon his face. The Bastard Babyface of Shuttlecock Lane then gave Peter Prince three solid minutes of grand entertainment.
Timmy would shout out some memorable sayings in a near perfect Vainville tone, while twirling a mustache that was not there and stamping about like a true fool. By the end of it all, Peter was buckled with laughter, as was the fruiter and a couple random passers-by. 
“Great stuff,” Peter uttered, struggling to catch his breath between laughs. “Simply magnificent.” 
He then loaded up Timmy’s arms with several more pieces of fruit, so much so that the happenchance actor struggled to keep it all from spilling over onto the cobblestone street. Prince handed the fruiter payment enough to cover Timmy’s haul.
“You still got it, Wicketts! Good show,” Peter exclaimed, giving Timmy one last salute before continuing on his way.
Arms now full of fresh food, the entire episode was an epiphany for the Bastard Babyface of Shuttlecock Lane. A skill Timmy had used in the past to solve his problems would again be implored to aid him in his current predicament. From that day forward, he would wake every day and head to this corner fruit stand. There he would perform all manner of buffoonery and entertainment for the people that walked by. He would offer laughter in exchange for leavings, surviving on both the rations and the adulation.
Sitting in his wooden slat doss, the budding thespian devoured a wonderfully ripe grapefruit and began to formulate fabulous acts of fancy in his mind. Tomorrow, the show would begin. Both the produce and passion filled him fully and he spent the rest of the day scratching down skits on a discarded copy of The Ballyhoo.
Dawn broke with a blue sky. It was a crisp morning, but the factory exhaust pipe had again kept Timmy warm through the night. He woke with energy and excitement, ready to test out his street corner act. After giving his coat a thorough dusting, he made his way to the fruit stand.
Pedestrian traffic was moderate. People were already making their way to their jobs or getting a jump on any number of errands. A few yards from the fruiter, Master Wicketts placed a discarded, and thankfully empty, chamber pot on the ground. He then mounted an old apple crate the fruiter had thrown to the curb as rubbish. After a brief look skyward and a deep, nourishing breath, Timmy Wicketts began to perform. 
He was a one-man show, and as such, played multiple parts. Whilst standing tall upon the apple crate, he would belt out haughty words in boisterous and condescending fashion. His candor was that of a ship captain, barking orders to a lowly deckhand. When it was the deckhand’s turn to respond, Wicketts would leap off the crate and begin rubbing the street with a dirty rag, as if polishing the wooden deck of a sea vessel. 
The entire exchange was based off the premise of a captain who was purely a figurehead amongst the crew. He would order this or that be done, but had no real idea of the means or limitations. The deckhand would do his best to do as he was told, but constantly muttered his true opinions of the clueless captain under his breath. By the time “the captain” had made the insane request that the deckhand swab the deck with salt-less seawater, a small crowd had gathered around Timmy’s apple cart. They were mesmerized by Timmy’s performance, especially the way he could fully embody two completely different characters through mannerisms and verbal presentation alone. They laughed mightily at all of Timmy’s jokes and were thoroughly captivated by the spectacle. 
At show’s end, the crowd numbered dozens, and the lone thespian was congratulated with a spell of supportive applause. He also found his rusted old chamber pot filled to the brim with donations. There were pieces of fruit purchased from the adjacent stand, knickknacks and odd trinkets, and even a penny or two. For Timmy, it was more than just given necessity, it was proof that he may be able to get by on his own accord through the trade of entertainment. More and more people passed by his stage that day and each left with an appreciative smile. When the sun finally made its way toward the western sky, Timmy had more than enough food to eat and a fine collection of coin and curios. It was a good day.
The next brought more of the same. This time, Wicketts added a second story, one centered on a blind cobbler tasked with identifying a criminal who robbed his shop amongst a lineup of three. The only senses he could rely on were that of touch and smell, but his superb acumen for the unique foot odor of individuals eventually won the day. It was another well-received production and another pot full of bounty. 
As the weeks passed, Timmy continued to perform. After nourishing his body with food, both donated and purchased, he’d pawn the tarnished and discarded doodads left for him and use the coin to build a treasure trove of props. The collection of oddities would then be incorporated into his plays, fueling even more elaborate ideas.
As his creativity grew, so did the crowds. He’d often see the same faces stop by, proving true fans within the populace. Beyond easing the suffering of a homeless vagabond, Timmy could feel it all becoming something, a wild energy quietly beginning to materialize into the sensation of mild success. 
It was Sunday morning and Timmy was hard at work scrawling new ideas on paper while rummaging through his belongings for the appropriate means to bring them to fruition. Sundays brought less traffic to Sooty Stoops and Timmy often used that day to come up with fresh material. He was rolling an old wagon wheel on its rim when the frantic flailing of fowl stole his attention.
A stone’s throw away, a flock of finches fought furiously over a single slice of moldy sourdough. Timmy looked on as a single, yellow-crested bird stood at the center of the chaos. It perched upon the bread, surrounded by several other birds lunging and pecking at the morsel of food. What struck Wicketts as exceptionally amusing was that the single bird at the center fought so valiantly to ward off the others, despite having virtually no beak to speak of. There was a nub of snout, but clearly its mouth had been damaged at some point in time. While that bird could not stab at its attackers with a God-given beak saber, it more than held its own by delivering vicious head butts and wing slaps.
Timmy was engrossed by the scene and watched as the tenacious little bugger battled long and hard. As the drama unfolded, it was clear the lone soldier was beginning to lose ground to the unrelenting pack of thieves. More and more pieces of dough were pulled away from the hunk and gobbled up by the others. 
Timmy decided to step in. He screeched and cawed as he moved toward the creatures. The finches took flight in fear, all except one. The bird that had done its best to hold on to its prize remained unmoved. It looked at Timmy as if to challenge his claim. Timmy stood still, amazed. When the feathered animal was convinced the human would approach no further, he began to peck at the bread still gripped in its talons.
It was a sad sight. Without a beak, the poor creature struggled excessively to loosen an edible crumb. Its frustration was evident and Timmy again intervened. He bent down and snatched up the hard-crusted food as the finch hopped away in surprise, settling on a stone wall less than a meter away.
Its eyes watched intently as Timmy tore the chunk into several smaller bites, removing the hard crust and leaving only the soft insides. He then extended the handful of pieces toward the finch. Without hesitation, the bird returned and landed on Timmy’s outstretched fingertips. It gleefully ate the food, now more easily able to manage it into its mouth. When its belly was full, it gave quite a delightful whole-body twitch and bounded its way up to Timmy’s shoulder.
The bird had obviously taken an immediate liking to the soft-featured lad, and Timmy had felt the same. He named the finch Twitch after its unique sign of pleasure, and for the rest of the day, Twitch kept perched on Timmy’s shoulder as Timmy continued to devise his next show.
Due in part to the abundance of items and costumes Timmy had managed to acquire, his events took on increasingly greater spectacle. He even incorporated Twitch on occasion. The bird was as smart as any animal could be, and it mastered commands and cues like a seasoned professional. The street corner act was a daily delight to many, and several Southrumpians would linger for hours taking in more than one skit, and consequently leaving Timmy a larger gift in return for the entertainment. Even the fruiter felt obliged. He often gave his nutty neighbor fresh fruit, free of charge. When the citizenry gathered around to partake of a performance, many would purchase produce. The fruiter appreciated the increased business, and rewarded Wicketts accordingly.
With a gleeful chirp of Twitch and the melodically slowing pace of a wooden spoon slapping across wagon wheel spokes, Timmy Wicketts drew another day’s show to a close. The gathered audience cheered and hollered their approval before dropping off their donations and dispersing. Timmy bent down to examine his take.
A large cantaloupe crate had replaced the chamber pot some weeks earlier due to the gaining volume of payments. Today’s wages included a pocket watch with a rusted chain, a porcelain dish with a chipped edge, several large and ornate buttons, a pounds’ worth of shillings, and quite a number of loaf crumbs, apples, and slightly past-their-prime grapefruits.
As the actor organized his treasure, he could sense the presence of someone looking over him. Timmy gazed up and saw a man politely standing there, with arms folded behind his back. He wore a thin beard, just passed stubble, and a dirt-smudged short coat that, at one point, was of fine threading.
“Good day,” the jovial man announced, “my name is Bugs Harrington, and you, my friend, are stealing my customers.”
Timmy didn’t know what to think. Customers? He didn’t have customers per se, just people who stopped by to see his shows.
“Now don’t get me wrong,” the friendly fellow continued, “after seeing your show, I firmly grasp why. That was simply amazing, a downright divine comedy. The way your dogcatcher character revealed the marbles were in the potato sack all along, that, Sir, was genius. The only problem is that less people are now stopping at my corner and watching my show. That’s pretty much taking food out of my mouth, and I’m a hungry man, Sir.”
“Well, that wasn’t my intention, Mr. Harrington,” replied Timmy, a bit leery of where this man was heading.
“Call me Bugs,” he offered. “I look at you and I see a man just like myself, a man driven to the brink, but once there, one who found a hidden skill beneath a beaten down body. I’ve seen you living behind the brick baking factory. My abode lies but a few blocks south, a large discharge pipe no longer in use. We find ourselves in similar straits and have reasoned similar means to pull ourselves to our feet.”
The courteous man then went on to relay how he came to be standing before Timmy on that day. A native of Boston, Massachusetts, a town in America, Bugs Harrington was an expert jam jar sealer. He had learned the trade from his father, who in turn had been taught by his father, who had mastered the craft at the knee of his uncle. The Harringtons had long made a living in the highly regarded profession.
All that changed, however, when a shrewd entrepreneur opened an automated canning plant in nearby Cambridge. The plant could season and seal thirty-two cans of jam a minute, the same amount of time it took Bugs to manage a single jar. Jam sellers needed product, and they needed it fast. Poor Bugs simply could not keep pace with demand, but the canning plant had no such issue. That fact put him out of business. 
The desperate Harrington spent months searching for work, but to no avail. All he ever knew was jam jar sealing, and that occupation had all but disappeared in America. One day, Bugs happened upon an Importation of Exotics parlor. Among the myriad of odd and unique gifts for purchase, he noticed a shelf full of marmalade jam sealed in jars. This had become a rarity, what with the now pervasive popularity of canned jam.
An astonished Harrington questioned the shop keep as to where he procured such jam. The shop keep responded that it was jam imported from England, a place called Upper Southrump. Upon further dialogue, the shop keep informed Bugs that it was sealed by hand at a small shop called Lester's Sealed Jams and Wool Stockings.
That was all Bugs needed to hear. As long as someplace in the world still hand-sealed jam jars, there was a chance a jam jar sealer could find work. He headed for Upper Southrump with hope in his heart. 
Weeks later, Bugs found himself standing before Lester's Sealed Jams and Wool Stockings, a quaint little shop in the Sooty Stoops district of Upper Southrump. Hope was soon replaced by heartbreak. A large sign hung in the window that read, CLOSED INDEFINITELY AND UNEQUIVOCALLY. Bugs' face drew long as he cast his eyes down the cobblestone road, questioning in his mind the reason behind Lester's closing. The answer was soon realized. At the end of the lane stood a large factory, Cornelius Smits' Canned Jam Supplier. The canned jam phenomenon had reached England. Bugs' nightmare was born anew. 
Before long, he found himself a beggar on the streets. The going was rough at first, but as the lad's desperation grew, so did his creativity. Bugs would often perform for would-be benefactors who found his one-man shows of dance and dialogue both comedic and entertaining. Rewarded with moldy bread or droplets of beef gravy, Harrington went from “getting by” to “doing okay”...well by hobo standards anyway.
He had worked the same street corner for months, a well-traveled piece of property between the canning factory and the Institution for Uppity Type Hat Merchants. Many fine and generous men and women passed his stage daily, but soon he noticed less and less were stopping at his wooden box. Bugs decided he needed to find out why, and this brought him to the spot upon which both he and Timmy now stood.
It was a grand story of misfortune, one that Timmy could relate to. He also realized he stood before a fork in the road. This man, who was not outwardly hostile, had presented a bit of a grievance at his feet. Timmy’s next move could either forge a friendship or spark a war.
Timmy put forth an offer. “Bugs, since you claim to share the thespian’s love, and have seen my skills as such, do you mind offering me a bit of your best monologue.”
Harrington grinned, and within his next breath, was spouting off a fantastic story while presenting the persona of an armless man in charge of styling wigs for the Queen. Timmy was pleasantly surprised. Bugs delivered lines with style and flare, and great comedic timing. His skill was evident and it left Timmy chuckling with amusement.
“Bugs, that was great,” Timmy commended. “Seriously, very nice work. I mean, I’m no expert, but good stuff.”
Bugs struck a satirically boastful pose, “Well thank you, but I disagree, you are an expert by most measure. I’ve just seen your act; I saw the crowd. It’s something to be proud of.”
Timmy contemplated no further. “Bugs, I’m Timmy Wicketts and I think we would be doing the entire population of Upper Southrump a grave injustice if we did not join forces.”
Bugs had been hoping for that very offer from the get-go.
“Now that sounds like an excellent plan, Mr. Wicketts,” Harrington responded while happily shaking hands on the deal.
He then helped Timmy gather his things and the pair headed back to Wicketts’ crate-created apartment as they discussed just how to meld their unique skills.
Over a meal of green apples, hard biscuits dipped in thin olive oil, and rainwater, the partners began to formulate and fashion wild ideas into acts of bewildering burlesque. It was a great match of inspirations driven by a dialogue of honest give-and-take.
Night began to creep across Sooty Stoops, and Timmy and Bugs continued to create. Twitch remained awake and attentive for the duration. When the sun finally began to shine its first rays, the pair of poor-men-turned-performers was putting the finishing touches on their first formal, dual-actor delight. The Grapel Duke’s Burnt Straw Knickers had been penned and prepared, and was ready for the public.
Despite having stayed up all night, Timmy and Bugs felt no ill effects. They were simply too fervent about unveiling their new act, and that energy overcame any fatigue. A small crowd had already started to gather by the corner fruit stand. It had become common practice as Timmy’s reputation for valued entertainment was beginning to spread. The partners arrived and prepared their stage, placing props and erecting makeshift backdrops painted on old canvas sacks that had been stitched together. More and more people gathered as a piqued murmur began to emanate from the audience. This was clearly the grandest sidewalk setup any team of vagabond artists had ever endeavored upon and that certitude added to the curiosity.
Timmy and Bugs gathered behind a blind, seconds away from opening their opus.
“Bugs, are you ready?” Timmy inquired, his wrinkle-less features glowing with anticipation.
“Does a noggin capper knit toppers?” Bugs replied with a sly grin.
“Then, it shall begin!”
Timmy, dressed to mimic a pants-less royal duke in purple regalia donning a secondhand, powdered wig, stepped out into the morning sun. He opened with a brief welcome and then immediately fell into character.
Strolling stoically about the street, the Grapel Duke bemoaned his fiefdom’s lack of pants. Apparently, a series of unfortunate events— a plague of moths, a fire at the hamlet’s only yarning mill, and the abrupt disappearance of every sheep in the land—had left the citizens of Bottomless Bog without a single pair of stockings.
Bugs Harrington then stumbled into view, playing the role of an eccentric, possibly inebriated, town tailor. The tailor, Lord Twittlethread, had been summoned to the duke’s mansion for the most important task of figuring out a solution to the britches-less borough’s dilemma. 
The exchange that ensued was a series of acts offering odd answers and silly solutions to creating pants for the duke. The slapstick had the crowd howling and hollering with enjoyment. It was the most boisterous reaction either actor had garnered in his career to that point. The verbal and visual tableau was turning so raucous, it drew the attention of constables worried a mob scene could erupt at any moment. Luckily for all present, the lawmen did not intervene, and only stood at the periphery, enjoying the show as well.
The whole number ran for close to an hour and proved a non-stop laugh-fest. When the final scene concluded with the Grapel Duke’s straw knickers igniting in flames, the people of Upper Southrump stood in unison and clapped, heaping lavish praise upon the two men. Timmy and Bugs had hoped for support, but the ovation they received at that moment was unlike anything either could have dreamed of. It was breathtaking, and the unlikely actors knew they had given birth to something truly magnificent.
Gifts aplenty were left at their feet, food and fortune more fitting a banker than a bum. 
“Timmy,” Bugs chuckled while basking in the adulation, “this is amazing!”
“I know, I know,” Timmy replied in astonishment while picking a shiny new pound from off the pavement. “Just look at all the loot.”
Timmy and Bugs began to herd their take between the handshakes and back pats offered by appreciative fans. The crowd lingered longer than ever with many more people wanting to personally interact with Bugs and Timmy. 
A stout, well-dressed man with a thick gray beard was among those waiting. 
He approached Timmy introducing himself with a toad-like, “Hello.”
His polished appearance drew Timmy and Bugs’ attention, and the pair offered salutations to the rotund older gent.
“My name is Gabriel Goldhand and I must say that was the finest thing I have ever witnessed,” he uttered from between his rosy, flapping cheeks.
“Why thank you, Sir,” Bugs replied.
“I’m the owner of a local tavern, you may have heard of it, the Rat’s Tail,” Gabriel stated.
Timmy chimed in with recognition saying, “Oh yeah, the place ten or so blocks over on Shuttlecock Lane. That’s a handsome eatery, Mr. Goldhand.”
 Gabriel stroked his whiskers and tipped his hat at the compliment. “How would you two fine boys like a permanent gig there, a standard schedule of nightly performances?” 
Timmy and Bugs couldn’t believe their ears. 
Gabriel continued, “I have a stage area in the large dining room and we can rig it however you see fit. I reason you could perform a show a night, starting with a regular month-long offering of the masterpiece I just witnessed, The Grapel Duke’s Burnt Straw Knickers. I’ll pay you a standard wage and give you full access to the flat above the tavern.”
To Timmy and Bugs, it was as if Zeus himself had offered them a seat upon Mount Olympus. They glanced at one another, eyes as wide as saucers, and then simultaneously replied, “You have a deal!”
Gabriel Goldhand was just as jubilant, and the trio exchanged handshakes in rapid, binding succession.
“You boys show up there later today,” he said, “and we’ll get started making all the necessary arrangements. Again, just let me say that that show was spot-on, a royal perfection.”
Gabriel began to walk away before pausing and asking, “Oh yeah, I’ll need to have a marquee made. What do you funny fellows call yourselves anyway?”
Something Gabriel had just said was still ringing in Timmy’s ears. It must have been bounding around in Bug’s brain as well, because he looked impulsively at Timmy as if he knew exactly what his friend was about to say.
“We are The Royal Perfects,” Timmy replied while striking a satirically pompous pose. Bugs laughed and nodded his head in agreement.
“The Royal Perfects!” Gabriel shouted, testing out its resonance. “Yes, yes that will do…well…perfectly.”
The owner of the Rat’s Tail then hobbled off to make preparations for his investment.
Timmy and Bugs were as gleeful as two sailors on leave. The thought of a regular wage was exciting, but even better was the idea of a roof over their heads and a warm bed to sleep in every night. No longer would they be forced to cozy up to an odorous exhaust pipe. No longer would they have to cover their heads with soiled sacks in order to stay dry. No longer would they be viewed as the dregs of the district, part of the outcast rabble. They would be of the working class. The thought felt sublime.
The newly christened Royal Perfects parted ways with a hug and a promise to meet up at the Rat’s Tail later that morning. Both intended to head back to their dingy dwellings and pack up anything they had of value or use. They also split that day’s donations and agreed that they should probably purchase clothes more befitting men of character. Bugs saluted and walked off whistling a tune of satisfaction, while Timmy dragged his stuffed duffle full of stage gear and edibles back to his shack behind the factory.
Bending beneath a bridge of pipe work, Wicketts rounded the alley corner and arrived at his home. Twitch had been standing guard that morning, having not been given a part in the production, and when the bird saw Timmy, it swooped down and took up its customary perch on his shoulder.
“Twitch,” Timmy said to his pet, “we’re moving out.”
The creature bobbed its head and then dished out its trademark, full body shimmy of happiness. There wasn’t much Timmy wanted to keep, at least not a bevy of belongings worth the hassle. A lot of the props he had collected could be replaced, so he left many behind. He took most of the costume clothes and every scrap of parchment upon which he had ever scribbled a cockamamie idea. He also procured and pocketed the fair amount of savings he had built up in recent weeks. Coupled with the gold tendered that morning, it would be enough to purchase two moderate suits. The former Bastard Babyface of Shuttlecock Lane then looped his re-stuffed duffle over his shoulder, donned his smudged bowler, and with Twitch mounted up, headed off to the tailor.



=====

Chapter 3: The Spotlight Shines

The Rat’s Tail was several blocks away, and while Sooty Stoops was mostly an industrial epicenter now, there were still a few retailers operating in the forgotten neighborhood. 
Madam Ladyfist’s Gorgeous Gowns and Men’s Tweed Suits was one such place. After John’s Lacey Leggings and Coverings closed a few months prior, Madam Ladyfist’s was the only clothing parlor left in Sooty Stoops. Well-known throughout Upper Southrump as an emporium of unique and lovely custom gowns, the business also sold men’s attire, and Timmy thought best to examine what they had to offer.
A bell jingled as Wicketts passed through the etched-glass door. Inside were rows upon rows of vibrantly colored dresses and shimmering ensembles. No two pieces were alike, yet each and every one held a splendor all its own. 
“Good day, Sir,” a woman’s voice echoed.
Timmy looked past a wooden mannequin sporting a strapless blue dinner dress, and spotted a woman behind a counter. Her back was to him as she was hard at work operating the foot pedal of her sewing machine. 
“Good day to you, Madam,” Timmy responded. “I was hoping to peruse your men’s clothing.”
Without turning to look at Timmy, the woman pointed toward the back of the store and said, “I have a few suits over there, honey.”
The collection was small but adequate. Timmy found two nice pieces, a black suit and a brown one. They were affordable, too, so he brought his finds up to the counter for purchase. 
“Madam, I would like to buy these,” Wicketts stated, while laying the clothing in front of her.
The gentle woman grabbed the hanger of the first suit and waddled her way out from around the counter. She held the item up, eyeballing it against Timmy’s slender frame. She then pulled out a measuring tape and assessed the fit while moving all about her customer. 
Timmy had a weird feeling that something was not entirely right about the woman. She was a middle-aged lass and plenty friendly enough, but she avoided eye contact like the plague. She also moved in an odd fashion, almost as if she had a heavy sack of coins strapped to her belt, forcing her to widen her gate. 
When she was satisfied with her findings, she took note of them on a pad of paper and returned to her sewing machine.
“Your name, Sir?” she asked Timmy.
“Timmy Wicketts, Madam,” he answered.
“Mr. Wicketts, it’ll take me a bit to make the proper adjustments, so come back tomorrow afternoon and I’ll have them all ready for you.”
“Thank you, Madam. I’ll see you then,” said Timmy, heading toward the exit. 
As he gripped the iron handle of the door, he took one last look back at the woman. He just couldn’t shake the odd sensation he felt. Whatever it was, he couldn’t place it, so he simply shrugged his shoulders and left the shop.
Bugs was already at the Rat’s Tail, sitting at a table while the tavern staff readied the place for operation later that day. The establishment was bustling with activity, save Bugs, who sat lonely as if the last man at a wake. 
“Hey, Bugs,” Timmy yelled as he entered.
“Tim and Twitch,” Bugs answered.
 Twitch lifted off from Timmy’s shoulder and landed on the thick wooden crossbeams supporting the tavern’s roof. Gabriel Goldhand suddenly appeared from a back room and, with a couple of employees in tow, headed over to his newest act.
“Good to see you fellows,” Gabriel stated. “I’m hoping that tomorrow night we can present your first show at the Rat’s Tail. How’s that sound?” 
“Fine to me, Mr. Goldhand,” Bugs replied.
“Yes, I see no problem with that,” Timmy added.
“Very good,” the tavern owner said in an assured voice. He then introduced the two youths standing to his right. “This here is Elvin Goldhand, my grandson, and his friend Leland. They’re both doing a stretch of work with me prior to entering the Southrump Academy of Needed Trades. I’ve instructed them to do whatever stage work you bestow upon them, like setting up backdrops or figuring out lighting. These are two smart boys and can handle whatever is requested.”
Gabriel grabbed each one by the shoulder and gave them an ardent shake. Elvin smiled as Leland rolled his eyes. 
Timmy and Bugs introduced themselves to the lads and the four exchanged pleasantries.
“Elvin, why don’t you take Mr. Harrington and Mr. Wicketts up to their apartment,” Gabriel ordered. “You two get settled in and then come back down and figure out how best to work the area.”
“That sounds great, Mr. Goldhand,” Timmy said, “and thanks again for this opportunity.”
Gabriel cast aside the graciousness saying, “Hey, if you can pack the Rat’s Tail like you did that street corner, the gratitude will be all mine.”
After ascending a creaking staircase and passing down a narrow hallway, Elvin led The Royal Perfects to a studio flat at the far end of the tavern’s second floor. The space was large enough, if a bit unkempt, but neither man uttered the slightest complaint. Anything beat the cold ground of Sooty Stoop’s forgotten alleys. There was a wash area and several beds posted along opposite walls. Muted light, passing through several panes of frosted glass, bathed the area in a yellow glow. Collections of cobwebs caught the soft beams in their silky threads, shimmering in the corners of the ceiling. Bugs threw his belongings on one of the lumpy mattresses as Timmy dumped his on another. Twitch swooped in and took post on a shelf just overhead his master’s bed. 
“Mr. Harrington and Mr. Wicketts,” Elvin began, “my grandfather said if you need anything more, just ask. I’m going to head back downstairs to lend a hand in setting up the dining area. When you’re ready, just let me know and I’ll break away to help with whatever setup you need.”
“Thanks, Elvin,” Bugs said appreciatively as the boy closed the door and left them. 
Timmy laid back on his bed and propped his head upon a couple of goose down pillows. 
“Can you believe this, Bugs?” Timmy asked, reflecting on the opportunity they had been presented.
“It’s a great thing, isn’t it Tim?” Bugs replied, while taking a seat on a worn sofa at the center of the room. “To think where we were only yesterday, and now we’re here in an apartment, overtop a stage that will be the future showcase of whimsical brainchildren. It’s quite a thing, you know.”
“What’s that?” Timmy pondered.
“Life. You just never know how it will twist and turn, what way it’ll move you and what way you’ll move it. The plans we make, the circumstances thrust upon us, the whole ordeal. It can be both so bleak, and in the next moment, so bright. As it weaves, so do we alongside it, and our only real choice is whether we wear a smile or a frown as we move along upon an invisible trail.”
“My Bugs, that’s a pretty deep analysis. I never fancied you a philosopher,” Wicketts laughed.
“Hey, your brain has plenty of time to contemplate the great mysteries when you’re a jobless bum with no true responsibility other than feeding your crying gut.”
“I can testify to that, good Sir. Yes, indeed.” 
Timmy sat up on his bed and rummaged through his bag. He pulled out a length of lead and a piece of paper. 
“So, I had some ideas about how we can improve The Grapel Duke’s Burnt Straw Knickers. I was thinking about that part where you lament your spilt tankard of ale, maybe we could use a particular lighting focus to really add drama to the scene. It’d be like you were crying to the Lord above, mourning the loss like it was your firstborn son.”
Bugs’ creativity kicked in at the thought, “Yeah, I like that. Oh, and we’re gonna' have to think about how to address the climax, what with your pants igniting into flames. Outside it wasn’t a big deal, but if your straw shorts set this whole tavern ablaze, The Royal Perfects will die faster than a turkey on Thanksgiving.”
Timmy’s face went blank for a moment. Confused, he asked, “What’s Thanksgiving?”
Bugs chuckled, realizing Timmy and his English ilk didn’t celebrate the holiday.
“It’s an American thing. Uh, here let me rephrase. The Royal Perfects will die faster than a goose on Christmas.”
“Oh,” Timmy said, now understanding. “Yeah, we wouldn’t want to repay Mr. Goldhand by burning down his tavern on opening night. I suppose we just have a trough of water waiting backstage. We’ll have Elvin or Leland stand at the ready to smother any stray embers.”
The partners continued to plan and modify their show. With the permanent indoor location and the greater use of lighting and scene, they imagined ways to evolve the production and make it even more titillating. The pair had a natural and easy creative chemistry, and it helped forge a mighty friendship.
After a good session of back-and-forth, Timmy and Bugs headed downstairs to examine the stage area. The old tavern was a wood-laden wonder. It had oak paneled walls and numerous sturdy crossbeams traversing the cathedral ceiling, a dusty wooden floor upon which rickety wooden tables and chairs stood, a long wooden bar whose once-polished surface had been dulled by mugs and elbows, and a small, raised wooden stage set off in one corner of the single dining room.
Timmy stepped up onto the platform. A long, shrill creak greeted his weight. He then walked the entire surface, checking for additional shrieking planks. He found a couple more before looking up to eye a lighting rig suspended just a few feet out from center stage.
Bugs checked a recessed area directly behind the dais. It was a modest backstage of sorts. There he found a pulley system used for moving backdrops in and out of scene as well as another for raising and lowering a curtain. The whole area had all the basic necessities needed for a small production and was indeed a vast improvement over the street corners from which they both had come.
Elvin approached the actors as they finished their preliminary examinations. “What do you think?” he asked.
“Looks like this was set up from the beginning as a miniature theater,” Timmy replied with subtle surprise.
“Yes, Sir, it was. When my grandfather took over ownership of the place, he remodeled and added this performance area. He was always big on having live shows as a means of drawing in more customers. At first, he had a few musical acts. That went well enough until a gentlemen convinced him to give his acting troupe a shot. His company was called The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles.”
Bugs scratched his head before saying, “Never heard of them. You, Timmy?”
“Can’t say I have,” replied Wicketts.
“Reason for that,” Elvin continued, “is probably because they were average at best. They prided themselves on reproducing the classic works of Greek theater, but lacked any true knowledge of the subject. I mean, they knew the general gist of the certain things, but often fumbled with execution and delivery. Some nights they couldn’t even finish the show because someone would forget a line, or start performing a part from Hamlet during a staging of Antigone. It was a bit comical at first, but soon became commonplace and annoying. Before long, people started to call The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles the Ill So-Sos, due to their shoddy showmanship. Less and less people were coming to the Rat’s Tail and my grandfather was just counting down the days until his contract with them expired. That day came last week.”
Timmy and Bugs both knew the hard work it took to be a true stage presence, and from what Elvin had just described, it seemed the Ill So-Sos lacked that focus. It all worked out for The Royal Perfects though, leaving them a small platform fashioned quite well for such entertainment.
“Hey, Elvin, do you think you could tighten down a few of these floor planks?” Timmy asked while stepping on a particular loose and loud one. 
“No problem,” replied the lad. “Anything else?”
“Yeah, we’ll need you and Leland for a few other things during the show,” Bugs added. “Nothing too taxing. One of you will need to man the spotlight up on the banister, and the other will have to help backstage with manning the curtain and backdrops. We’ll also need that same person to help control the flames of the Grapel Duke’s knickers.”
“Will do,” an eager Elvin replied. “I’ll go get Leland and you can go over everything with the two of us.”
Elvin then headed off to find his friend while Timmy and Bugs each took a seat at the edge of the stage. Before them stood dozens and dozens of empty seats and tables. Come tomorrow night, those seats would contain patrons, patrons with expectations. While the thought of it all may have brought butterflies to the stomachs of those less confident, Timmy and Bugs relished the challenge. If they could draw the crowds they did while adjacent to the fruit cart, this place would be packed wall-to-wall no problem. The energy, the excitement, it was all they needed.
Timmy felt great the next day. Sleeping on a mattress, no matter the lumps, was definitely better than the cold ground, and waking to the smell of brewing tea rather than baked brick exhaust was indeed refreshing. He spent the morning making some final preparations for that evening’s opening show and then headed to Madam Ladyfist’s Gorgeous Gowns and Men’s Tweed Suits to pick up his previous purchase. 
A bell chimed playfully as he entered the parlor. Madam Ladyfist was once again perched at the sewing table, her back to the store. Without turning around, she said, “Good morning.”
Timmy returned the greeting.
“Ah, Mr. Wicketts,” the madam began, recognizing Timmy’s voice, “I have your suits right here.”
The devalgate woman wobbled over to a rack and unhooked Timmy’s hemmed garments. She then placed them on the counter as Timmy retrieved adequate coinage from his pocket. During the whole exchange, the odd feeling Timmy had experienced the last time he was there re-emerged. He simply could not place it. Madam Ladyfist was cordial, but very brisk and not much for small talk. She also continued to avoid his eye, instead opting to shuffle about with her head hung low, as if constantly ducking an overhead branch. It was a bit perplexing.
“Madam Ladyfist,” Timmy questioned while admiring his new suits, “do I know you from somewhere?”
“Oh no, lad. Can’t say we’ve actually ever met before. I mean, other than yesterday that is,” Ladyfist replied. “Although, you may have seen me at the fruit cart once or twice. I’ve seen your shows. You’re quite good.”
Timmy blushed with the acknowledgement. “Why thank you, Madam,” he responded with sincere appreciation. 
Just then, an old woman came storming into the shop. She clutched a torn red velvet gown in her hand and wore a furious brow upon her face.
“I want my money back!” the woman demanded.
“Mrs. Beedlebark, what happened?” the seamstress inquired.
“You sold me this gown, and it tore right down the side. Look!” Mrs. Beedlebark held up the dress and ran her fingers through a long tear near the side seam. She was fuming.
“I pride myself on the highest standard of work, Mrs. Beedlebark,” Madam Ladyfist said softly, trying to calm her customer. “Pray tell how this rip first appeared.”
“Well,” the irritated woman stated, “I had it sitting on my bed when Queen Gigi Slender Toes, my prize poodle, came into my bedroom and jumped up on my mattress. Next thing I know, she’s digging at my dress and tears a big hole in the side.”
Madam Ladyfist took a closer look at the garment, noting brown stains nearby the tear.
“And what are these stains here?” she asked with growing annoyance.
“Those? Um, well,” the woman stuttered, growing somewhat sheepish.
Ladyfist smelled the smudges. “They smell like cooked meat.”
The woman was clearly not prepared to reveal this information, but was at a loss for anything else to say, and so offered, “I was at a dinner party the evening prior and spilt some beef gravy on it.”
Madam Ladyfist was outraged. “You mean to tell me you stained one of my gorgeous gowns, left it lying about your bedroom, let your dog tear into it like a wild wolf, and now expect me to refund your money!”
Mrs. Beedlebark stared at Madam Ladyfist as if that was exactly what she expected would occur.
“GET OUT!” Ladyfist yelled in a surprisingly deep and disgruntled tone. It was more akin to the sound of a grizzly bear than that of a middle-aged seamstress. Timmy was just as shocked as Mrs. Beedlebark, who snatched back her garment and swiftly exited the parlor in a huff.
Madam Ladyfist, apparently embarrassed at her outburst, quickly returned to her sewing machine.
“I apologize, Mr. Wicketts. Good day to you, Sir,” she uttered, regaining her womanly tone while turning her back to Timmy once more.
He gathered up his clothes and made for the exit as well. “Good day to you too, Madam,” he said as he closed the shop door behind him.
Timmy, as surprised as he was by the whole uncomfortable ordeal, was doubly surprised by the sudden drop in octaves Ladyfist unleashed when yelling back. It was very strange to say the least, and only added to Timmy’s curious feeling about the woman.
Arriving back at the Rat’s Tail, Wicketts saw a wondrous sight posted outside the tavern’s main doors. It was a beautifully painted sign stating, THE ROYAL PERFECTS PLAYING HERE NIGHTLY. The letter work was marvelous and the sign itself was rather large and impressive. It was the first real promotion he had ever received, and it was fantastic from his point of view.
With a large grin, Timmy entered the tavern. Mr. Goldhand and Bugs were standing on the stage, discussing the evening’s details as Elvin and Leland listened intently nearby. 
“Love the sign, Mr. Goldhand!” Timmy exclaimed upon seeing him.
“Isn’t it great, Timmy?” Bugs added, having seen the promotional piece as well.
“Thank you, boys,” Gabriel replied, “I thought it turned out well. As did the several dozen posters I had pasted all over Upper Southrump. With your street reputations, word-of-mouth, and the printed materials, I’m hoping we have to turn them away at the door tonight.”
“Us, too,” Timmy agreed, smacking Bugs on the shoulder.
“So, Tim, I was just going over a final checklist of how everything is to go down tonight. Elvin is going to man the spotlight and rig. He’s done it before, and Mr. Goldhand vouches for his skill.”
Elvin nodded his confidence and Gabriel seconded it.
Harrington then continued, “And Leland here will be our backstage hand. He’s going to operate the pulleys and stand at the ready to help you extinguish your flaming britches. We’ll have a large tub of water back there, and Leland will have soaked towels.” Bugs then turned to Mr. Goldhand specifically. “It shouldn’t be an issue at all, Sir. We’ll have the flame and ash under control, no problem.”
“You lads have my complete trust,” the tavern owner stated.
Secure that all had been covered, Bugs then said, “Alright, we have a few more hours until show time, so let’s just all relax and enjoy ourselves.”
Handshakes of understanding were exchanged all around and Mr. Goldhand, Elvin and Leland walked off to care for other responsibilities.
“Seems like we’re all set,” Timmy said to Bugs.
“Yeah Tim, we’re in good shape. All that’s missing is the crowd. I can’t wait.”
“Neither can I. And to think, yesterday we were two bums on the street. Now we are, honest to Pete, two paid actors with promotion and a standard sounding box.”
“And it’s only the start,” Bugs laughed. “You interested in a little pre-show meal? Mr. Goldhand has provided a great supper of meat and salad. It’s all set up in our apartment.”
“Sounds capital, Bugs. Let’s get to it.”
The dinner was fabulous as the two friends mightily ate their fill. They hadn’t had food of such quality in many, many days. The peppered beef and fresh greens with olive oil and grapefruit juice tasted like ambrosia, a heavenly meal of great joy. All the while there was a growing rumble emanating from below their apartment. It was evident that the tavern was filling with customers. The sounds of clanking mugs and muffled guffaws reverberated through the tavern’s wooden skeleton. It was a growing vibration, and its resonance raised excitement in both Timmy and Bugs.
At the noted time, the pair made their way down a narrow stairwell at the end of the hall and ended up in the backstage area. Elvin was there, ready to take up his position. Bugs peeked out from behind a drawn, red curtain. The place was packed, just as he and Timmy had envisioned. Word and reputation had made for a great marriage, and the Rat’s Tail Tavern was filled to capacity. 
“Timmy!” Bugs yelled, eyes wide and bright. “We couldn’t have jammed them in any tighter!”
Timmy immediately popped his youthful peepers out from behind the curtain and found Bugs to be a man of his word. Tons of people had shown up. He recognized some from their numerous appearances at his street corner. Many more he had not seen before.
“This is great!” Timmy grinned with childish zeal. 
“Biggest crowd we’ve ever had,” Elvin added.
“You ready, Elvin?” Bugs asked.
“Yes, Sir,” he answered.
“Where’s Leland?”
“He should be back in a second. He said he had to talk to my grandfather.”
Timmy again looked out across the crowd. The tiniest bit of worry crept into his cranium as he had hoped he could go over the safety measures with Leland one more time. He then spotted the boy across the tavern. He was speaking to a tall man, marked by a pencil-thin mustache and matching black chops. The svelte fellow wore a black top hat and long overcoat. He handed Leland something, gave the boy a smirk and sent him off. Seconds later, Leland was backstage.
“Who was that guy, Leland?” Timmy asked.
“Oh, that, that was my uncle. He heard you guys were performing here and asked if I could get him a good seat,” Leland replied.
“You’ll have to introduce us afterward,” Timmy stated with sincerity. “Now, let’s go over the finale routine. When my pants light on fire, I’ll be standing behind the castle balcony decreeing the straw knickers law. I’ll need you to push the water bucket underneath the stage to a spot directly below me so, as my pants burn, they can be doused in proper time. Any stray embers we’ll need smudged out by your wet towel. Got it?”
“No problem, Mr. Wicketts,” Leland responded assuredly.
Bugs pulled out an old pocket watch, and noting the time, said, “Elvin, head off to your post at the spotlight. The show will start in mere moments.”
Elvin wished everyone good luck and made his way to the rig. Twitch had positioned himself there as well, for it was the best seat in the house.
Leland moved to his post and Bugs and Timmy donned their costumes and headed for theirs. Mr. Goldhand stepped backstage for a brief moment, was given the ready signal, and then took a position in front of the crowd. He was instantaneously bathed in the warm light of Elvin’s spotlight.
“Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Rat’s Tail Tavern!” he shouted, drawing the crowd’s attention and a warm applause.
“Tonight, we have something very special for you. This duo has been entertaining you for months on the streets of Sooty Stoops. Their humor and skill have no bounds, and their recently forged union has proven royally perfect already. So without further ado, the Rat’s Tavern presents a Royal Perfect production of The Grapel Duke’s Burnt Straw Knickers!” 
With that, Leland drew the curtain back and Mr. Goldhand stepped down from the stage. Now basking in the spotlight was Timmy Wicketts, and upon seeing him, the entire tavern roared with cheer and applause. 
As easily as one draws breath, Timmy fell into his role, and the show was off and running. Elvin and Leland proved excellent stagehands. Both hit their marks with admirable precision, Elvin directing the light for optimal dramatic effect, and Leland rolling the backdrops in and out with ease. Bugs was on point as well, and performed at his customary high level of skill, garnering laughter with almost every line. The show was brilliantly delivered and brilliantly received, just as it had been before. 
The work drew to a close, and it was time for the final, pyrotechnical pants scene. Timmy, with straw knickers held firmly in place around his waist, delivered his satirical end monologue about the superiority of straw pants. The audience giggled and guffawed. Then, bending over, his pants were lit ablaze by a candle, as was the plan. Timmy played it up in comical fashion to the delight of everyone there. The pants were to burn almost completely, revealing skin-colored stockings with buttocks painted on the backside. It was then the flame would be extinguished, literally revealing the butt of the joke. But, when Timmy looked down to see what should have been a tub of water, he saw but an empty pale. It was bone dry. He then stuck his head behind the curtain desperately trying to alert Leland. Leland was nowhere to be found. Meanwhile, Bugs was passed out drunk on stage, as was his role at the time. 
As the comedy continued, Bugs opened an eye. The laughter had echoed for longer than he had imagined, and he began to think something was amiss. Seeing Timmy, smiling but clearly preoccupied, revealed as much. The straw knickers had burnt through, and Timmy could feel the heat on his very skin. He had to act fast. the Grapel Duke leapt from his podium, vaulted off the low stage rim propelling himself high into the air, and landed in the only spot he could to quench the flames—a large bowl of chestnut soup sitting at the center of a table in the first row. His bottom hit the target precisely, spewing forth steam and driblets of juice like a geyser. The lovely woman who had been eating the soup was soaked. Timmy raised his smoldering backside from the broth, brandishing two reddened butt cheeks in the actual flesh, all the while striking an ear-to-ear smile and a boastful, arms-raised stance. Everyone, including the soup-soaked woman, burst into hilarious revelry. 
The clownish antic only added to the scene, and no one was the wiser, except for Bugs. Timmy stood atop the table taking in the adulation, bare cheeks and all. Bugs was quick to join him, and the pair partook of a standing ovation. The applause seemed to last forever, and it was awesome. No one had ever seen such a show, but it was now a certitude that the Royal Perfects specialized in exactly that—truly unique entertainment.
As the clapping began to fade, Mr. Goldhand addressed his patrons and thanked them for attending. He encouraged all to come back for the next showing, and was then mobbed by friends and family toasting his tavern’s acquisition. Timmy scanned the audience, still smiling, but focused on finding Leland. Despite the impromptu improvement to the play’s ending, Leland’s disappearance almost cost Timmy his bottom. Peering past the raised arms and jovial merriment of the first few rows, Timmy saw the blond-headed boy exiting the tavern alongside the tall, black-coated man with whom he had been seen earlier. 
While that curious sight raised one questioning eyebrow on Wicketts’ head, the person he saw next raised the other. Trailing behind them was the image of a woman from the Bastard Babyface’s past. It was Genny Jenkins, looking just as lovely as he had remembered. Her golden hair was a bit longer, and her soft complexion a bit fairer, but it was Genny. There was no doubt in his mind. She held for a moment at the door and looked back toward Timmy. Their eyes met for a brief moment before the mustached man in black grabbed her by the wrist and gingerly escorted her out.
The crowd was now dispersing and Timmy and Bugs returned to the backstage area where Elvin was waiting. 
“What the heck happened to Leland?” Timmy shouted as softly as he could while placing a cold rag upon his buttocks. 
“I have no idea,” Elvin replied. “Are you alright?”
“Yeah Tim, how’s your old derrière?” Bugs seconded.
“A bit tender, but none the worse for wear. Thank God someone in the front row ordered tonight’s soup special. Otherwise, I’d have two burnt buns,” Timmy patted his cheeks dry and slid on a new, hole-less pair of britches.
“Elvin, I spotted Leland leaving with a lanky fellow, seemed to be about my age, twenty-something maybe. He had a thin, black mustache and black topper and coat. Any ideas who he might have been?”
Elvin thought for a moment, then quickly came to a likely possibility. “That sounds like John Smith!” he exclaimed. 
“Who?” Bugs asked.
“John Smith was the leader of the Ill So-Sos. Did he have a girl with him? A beautiful woman with light hair that shined like the sun, even in the darkest corner of the Rat’s Tail?”
“Yes, he did,” Timmy replied, thinking of Genny.
“Yeah, then that was probably him. He never goes anywhere without his girlfriend in tow. Smith was always a real uppity-up type of gentleman, thinking he knows what’s best in all matters, regardless of any actual insight. I’m sure he came out tonight because he wanted to check out his replacement.”
“You say Leland left with him, Timmy?” Bugs probed.
“Certainly,” Timmy answered.
Bugs lifted his hand to his chin like a great thinker contemplating a new discovery. He then laid forth a hypothesis. “I bet that scoundrel Smith paid Leland a few pennies to try and sabotage our show. He’s probably disgruntled over being fired.”
“I wouldn’t put it past him,” Elvin added. “The man is hardly virtuous. My grandfather thought he was stealing bottles of Colonel Thomas Stouts 100% Pure Grain Alcohol from the storage closet, but lacked any hard evidence. The day Smith and his party left, their bags were clinking like glass rattles.”
Mr. Goldhand then appeared. He was red-faced and happier than ever. 
“Good show, boys! Good show! That new ending sequence was genius. The slapstick audience interaction brought the house down, almost literally. I can’t tell you how complimentary people were of the whole thing. I have one question though. How did you know someone would be eating chestnut soup at that table?”
Timmy and Bugs never meant for the ending to go off the way it did, and the proximity of the soup was pure kismet, but now that it had proven a grand mark, they planned for the new ending to stay. Bugs threw his arm around Gabriel and walked off while concocting a believable story of how they came to develop the new ending, and most importantly, he requested that a bowl of soup be at that table every night they performed the show.
As Twitch soared across the room and landed upon his master’s shoulder, Timmy turned to Elvin again. “Elvin, that was fine work out there, fine work.” He patted the boy on the back.
“Thank you, Sir,” Elvin replied.
Placing his costume in an oak chest, Timmy then ordered the boy to start cleaning up. As the pair reset the production and stored away the props, Timmy’s mind was fixated on Genny, and now John Smith. He couldn’t help but wonder how the two came to know one another, and why Genny, a girl he had always felt was of the most innocent nature, could be mixed up with a man who seemed far from that.



=====

Chapter 4: Dressed to Impress

The Grapel Duke’s Burnt Straw Knickers ran for many more nights, and was always performed before a packed house. Every moment he was on stage, Timmy would scan the gallery of human silhouettes lined up before him, wary of one matching John Smith and hopeful of seeing the pleasing curvature of Genny. Neither appeared, and the growing success of The Royal Perfects simply continued.
One night, Timmy sat by candlelight at an empty table in the empty tavern. The show had concluded a few hours prior, and Bugs was currently attending to private matters in their shared apartment, entertaining one of a growing number of female admirers. Timmy paid no mind though, for it allowed him some quiet time to think and write on his own. Scrawling down an idea for a play involving a pair of twins acting as ushers, Timmy could hear the creak of footsteps approaching from across the room. It was Gabriel Goldhand, sporting his ever-present smile.
“Timmy, my boy,” the elder Goldhand gurgled, “another fine show tonight. You and Bugs just knock ‘em dead every time.”
“Thank you, Mr. Goldhand,” Timmy said while tipping an invisible hat.
“I was thinking, it’s about time we give the people something different,” Goldhand proposed.
Timmy couldn’t agree more. He and Bugs had been developing several more plays that could really be special.
Sliding his stack of paper to Gabriel, Timmy pointed to several ideas. “Bugs and I have been working on some other things we think could be just as crowd pleasing.” 
Timmy circled a passage on the parchment. “Here, this one’s about a hairdresser for the Queen who is in love with a soldier in Her Majesty’s Royal Guard. And this one I’ve just about completed. It’s about a woman who is looking to escape from her mean spouse by dressing as a man. The twist is, she ends up being pregnant.”
Goldhand chuckled at the ideas written down before him. Many held promise in his eyes. 
“Mr. Goldhand, there is one issue. Several of the concepts would call for a larger group to adequately perform them,” Timmy mentioned with concern.
Mr. Goldhand looked up from the notes. “You boys have brought in a boatload of money. If you think hiring more Perfects will help you, then by all means, let’s hire more Perfects!”
Timmy’s pearly whites sparkled at the thought. 
“You and Bugs set up auditions, or whatever you want to do. You can use the Rat’s Tail during off hours. By month’s end, I hope you’ll have your expanded cast and a new play worthy of your reputations.”
Timmy was delighted to get Gabriel’s full support.
“Will do, Sir. Will do.”
Gabriel stood and straightened his coat. “Well, I’m headed home, Timmy. Sleep well and let your dreams be that of inspiration.”
Goldhand hobbled off into the shadows, leaving Timmy to digest the new possibilities of a larger troupe and a new work. He couldn’t wait to share the news with Bugs. Come sunrise, they would put the word out. The Royal Perfects were holding auditions.
It was morning when Timmy finally woke. He had fallen asleep writing at the table. When pale rays of the light passed over his chair, he lazily opened his eyes. Stirring to consciousness, he strained and flexed his crimped neck, doing his best to work out kinks left from dozing off in an awkward position. 
“Morning sweetheart,” Bugs coughed while taking a sip of warm tea. “You didn’t come to bed last night.”
Timmy snickered, “Sorry, I had a feeling it would’ve been a bit hard to sleep. Besides, you know how it is when inspiration strikes.”
“Yes, I too was besieged by inspiration last night,” Bugs laughed, recalling his wild night while at the same time pouring Timmy a cup of tea.
“Hey, Bugs, great news. I talked to Goldhand, and he wants us to perform a new play.”
Bugs face lit up at the idea. “That’s phenomenal. What are you thinking? The Nursing Spirit? The Rectangle that Went That Way? How about that one where the butcher makes a deal with the devil? Wait, how are we going to play all the roles? Every single one has scenes involving three or more actors on stage at once.”
“Goldhand has given us the okay to hire more help.”
“Seriously? Hold auditions? Man, oh man, Timmy. We're hitting the big time here. You and I are going to hire people? Well la-de-da, aren’t we just the cocks of the roost?” Bugs and Timmy shared a hearty chuckle between sips of fresh brewed. 
“So,” Bugs continued, “where do you want to start?”
“Well, I was thinking we place an ad in The Ballyhoo and maybe get a few posters out and about. Mr. Goldhand will probably be spreading the word, too. Whomever we get to audition, we have to make sure they can do it all. Elvin’s going to be heading off to trade school next week, and the barmaid that’s been filling in for that little lump of worthless coal, Leland, would rather get back to her professional duties, no doubt. So, whomever we decide on needs to have both a valued presence and a willingness to do the backstage this-and-that.”
“Agreed.”
“And as far as our next play, I think maybe we go with The Nursing Spirit. It’s almost finished.”
“Besides the need for more thespians, that play will also require a greater range in wardrobe than what we currently have,” added Bugs.
“True. I’ll head down to Madam Ladyfist’s Gorgeous Gowns and Men’s Tweed Suits. I’m sure she’ll have some female attire that will fit the bill with exactitude. In the meantime, you can head over to The Ballyhoo and get our notification placed and then find someone to produce and post some call sheets. Let’s plan on holding auditions over the course of the next week or so. By the start of the month, we can unveil The Nursing Spirit in all its grand pageantry.”
Bugs chugged the last remnants of his mug while Timmy gathered up his papers. After a quick wash and a clean set of clothes, the Royal Perfects headed off on their respective errands.
Sooty Stoops was full of action that morning as people headed here and there. Passing by the Stoops Kitchen for the Unfortunate and Desolate, Timmy noticed a longer line than normal. He had stood in that line many a day, hoping for a handout of moldy fruit or hardened crust. Some days he would get some, some days he wouldn’t. Today, many in line wouldn’t. There were simply too many beggars.
Industry had continued to change in Upper Southrump and the result was an increasing divide between the haves and the have-nots. With the investment of new technology, rich businessmen continued to replace old trades and tradesmen. A shift toward cheaper cost was replacing that of pride in higher quality. It was a sad state of affairs of which Timmy was fully aware. He glanced at the downtrodden whose heads hung low in shame. Their soiled clothes and worn shoes reminded him of the not-too-distant past. The thought also brought him to reflect upon his own garments, a finely tailored suit from Madam Ladyfist.
With a dose of bleeding heart and a smidgen of shame, he removed his jacket and handed it to a shirtless man at the end of the line. The man extended a dirt-blackened hand in thanks, and Timmy shook it without hesitation.
The sound of shouting then captured young Wicketts’ attention. Just beyond the soup kitchen line stood a man more naked than the last. This poor individual wore only tattered, hole-ridden knickers. Luckily for all in viewing distance, the holes had worn in a strategic pattern sparing the man’s humilities from public ogling. 
“Place your bet! Place your bet!” the man shouted. “Who thinks I can’t outpace a mouse in a race across the lane?” He continued to bellow holding up a small cage and pointing to a chalk-drawn racetrack scrawled on the sidewalk. 
Timmy drew nearer out of curiosity. When he was close enough, he was surprised to see that the small caged rodent, which the man intended to race, was dead, and had been so for some time.
The crazy wager was just that, and so was the man.
“Hey you, fine lad. You with the ageless face of an angel,” the man uttered toward Timmy. “How’s about a bet?”
Timmy knew the man was a bit off-kilter and that his proposed bet was preposterous, but he felt bad for the fellow who had obviously fallen on very hard times.
“Okay Sir, I’ll take your wager. A shilling says the mouse beats you to the end of the lane,” Timmy stated boldly.
The man jumped on the offer and positioned the petrified pet at the start line, rushing to get under way before his mark changed his mind. He unlatched the mouse’s cage door and then took up his own starting block next to his furry, decomposing opponent.
“Okay, fine Sir, at your signal, we shall begin,” he uttered with nervous excitement.
“GO!” Timmy shouted.
The man made one lunging leap and then bolted into full stride while the corpse of the rodent didn’t budge, not to anyone’s surprise. After passing the finish line, the winner danced a crazy jig, as if celebrating a hard fought victory.
“Yes, Sir! Yes, Sir! I won!” he shouted.
Timmy handed the man a shilling, as he intended to do all along, and the man snatched it up like a ravenous beast capturing its prey.
Twirling the coin in his fingers, he then offered another dubious bet.
“Sir, double or nothing says I can knock that constable’s hat right off his head,” he stated, pointing to a nearby lawman. “Furthermore, I will soak it with my emptied bladder and have him place it back upon his balding dome before he can manage to snatch me up in iron wrists.”
Now that was a feat Timmy was certain would lead to quite a calamitous end, but the man seemed more than confident in his abilities.
“Sir,” Wicketts responded, “you do that, and I’ll not only give you another shilling, I’ll give you the promise of many more.”
The man jumped into action. Retrieving a drying sheet from a clothesline hung just meters away, he tied the large cloth around his neck like a cape-clad musketeer. 
“Now watch closely, Sir,” he said to Timmy with a smile before vaulting into a full sprint toward the constable. As he ran, he waved his billowing cape behind him. It grew taut and filled with air. Then only feet away from his target, he pulled it swiftly to his side, unleashing a gust of air and knocking the constable’s hat right off his head and into a nearby puddle. The constable quickly ran to retrieve his soaking hat, believing it was merely Mother Nature who had toppled it, as the caped gambler retreated back toward Timmy.
“Look,” the man said as he nudged Wicketts.
The constable picked up his hat, emptied the water it had been filled with, and shook it as dry as he could before propping it back upon his head. 
“Sir,” Timmy said to the man, “it is water-wet, and nothing more.”
The man giggled as they both watched tiny, leftover beads of liquid drip down the brim and over the face of the constable. His nostrils then flared, and he snatched his hat off his head with agitation. Taking a big whiff, his features recoiled in disgust as he frantically wiped any lingering moisture from his face. He then stormed off in absolute anger while holding his hat at arm’s length.
“You see, Sir, I win again!” the bettor excitedly shouted. “I pissed in that spot earlier this morning and made a fine, fine puddle in the process.”
Timmy laughed at the man’s ingenuity and creativity. He also marveled at his boldness. Handing him another shilling, he made an offer far more interesting.
“Why not put your fearlessness and absolute disregard for humiliation to better use,” Timmy asked. “I’m Timmy Wicketts and my acting troupe, The Royal Perfects, is looking for members as audacious as you. What do you think of becoming a thespian?”
The man was absolutely ecstatic. He accepted with a huge hug of thanks and then introduced himself as Lancelot Castletowne the Third. Timmy inquired about how he came to be a beggar, and Lancelot laid before him a tragic tale of wrong-minded wagers.
It is often said that the last taste on every gambler's lips is the cold, cracked crust of disappointment loaf. This was indeed the case with Lancelot Castletowne the Third. Each Castletowne before him had met disaster at the hands of foolish games of chance, and Lancelot continued the family tradition.
After Castletowne the Second lost his life betting he could swim into the belly of a live blue whale and re-emerge through its blowhole, Lancelot was left a small fortune. However, that fortune did not last. 
When Lancelot disagreed with a fellow member of his llama polo team, the debate ended with a wager. Lancelot bet the man his entire fortune that he could mate his prized golden-frocked Indian llama with a domesticated Siberian tiger housed at the Upper Southrump Zoological Society, thereby creating a type of “super llama” capable of leading his polo team to assured victory in any match. 
After passing the zookeeper a few shillings to look the other way, Lancelot guided his llama into the tiger's enclosure. Without hesitation, the tiger tore the llama to ribbons, feasting upon its plump meat. Lancelot looked on in horror as his friend demanded payment. The wager had cost Lancelot his entire savings, as well as his favored llama steed. Dejected, Castletowne roamed the abbeys and courts of Southrump wagering what he could in hopes of rebuilding his fortune. But his string of bad luck continued, eventually bringing him to his current state of paltry existence.
The story was as wild as Lancelot, and Timmy knew his dauntless, albeit often ill advised, way of thinking could make for a fine actor. Wicketts instructed Castletowne to meet him later that evening at the Rat’s Tail, where he would be filled in on all the details. He then handed Lancelot a couple more coins with the request that he get a fresh shirt and pair of slacks. The future Perfect brethren parted ways and Timmy continued on to Madam Ladyfist’s.
When he arrived at the clothing boutique, Timmy was met with an unfortunate surprise. Upon the front awning hung a sign stating, OUT OF BUSINESS. Timmy peered behind the dangling obstruction and could see someone moving around inside the shop. Despite being closed, most of the gowns and dresses still hung on racks. Whoever was inside made busy packing up boxes. It was not a happy thing to see, another shop closing in Sooty Stoops, but maybe it could work to the Perfects’ advantage. Maybe Madam Ladyfist would be willing to sell off some of her stock at a lower price.
Timmy turned the door handle. It was unlocked, so he entered to the familiar sound of a jingling bell. 
“Who’s there?” a man asked gruffly, standing and sneering toward the door.
“Hello, Sir, my name is Timmy Wicketts. I am looking for Madam Ladyfist.”
The man stepped closer, and Timmy moved toward him. The stranger’s face revealed recognition and Timmy once again got the odd feeling he had come to expect while in Madam Ladyfist’s Gorgeous Gowns and Men’s Tweed Suits.
“Ah, Mr. Wicketts,” the man acknowledged in a more pleasant tone.
Timmy was momentarily confused. There was a definite familiarity, but something just wasn’t resonating. Then it hit him. Hidden within the fellow's features and voice lied that of another.
“Madam Ladyfist?” Wicketts asked in astonishment.
The man smiled and nodded the truth.
“Yeah, that was me. Is me. We are us,” he stammered while placing another dress in a box. “The name’s John Ladyfist.”
“I knew there was something wrong with Madam Ladyfist,” Timmy resounded.
His comment was met by John’s stern eye.
“I don’t mean wrong, just somewhat off. I couldn’t put my finger on it though,” Timmy said, trying to massage his previous statement. “You made for a very fine and believable lady.”
John lifted up one of his favorite gowns and held it in the light. “Why thank you. It was by no means my original intention, but sometimes necessity has a way of forcing us to do things we may not do otherwise.”
Timmy could attest to that. “How did this all come to be?”
“Well, Mr. Wicketts, rich people around Southrump love their fine threads. They value unique, one-of-a-kind, statement-making ensembles. Many of the old bats are just looking to better each other at this dinner party or that flower exhibition, and their vanity made for good business. What didn’t though, was their discrimination. While the greatest dresses in all of Upper Southrump were the talk of the town, the fact that a male seamstress crafted them just about ruined me. No one wanted to buy a woman’s dress handmade by a thick-bearded man, no matter the unsurpassed elegance of the piece. So, I decided to tailor an acceptable substitute, Madam Ladyfist. I closed down my old shop and reopened this one, and poof, business was back in a big way. It was a fabulous run.”
Timmy motioned to the sign on the front door. “So what happened?”
John shook his head while recounting his fatal mistake.
“Well, a few evenings ago, after a particularly great day of business, I went out to celebrate my good fortune. Forgetful of my limited tolerance for libations, I failed to realize I was still dressed as Madam Ladyfist, and after several pints at the tavern, was firmly on the ran-tan. I stumbled into the street looking for a place to relieve myself, and did so, in a side alley, standing up straight as a post. That, my friend, is very unladylike in so many, many ways. Someone saw me, a middle-aged woman in a highly questionable state, and word started to spread. My cover was blown and business took an immediate hit. It’s been downhill ever since.”
The story was very unfortunate. Timmy felt for John’s predicament. He had skills of unrivaled fashion yet was persecuted for who he was, something he could not change. Timmy then noticed a dress hanging on a rack. It was the perfect piece for a woman character’s costume in The Nursing Spirit. He then saw a second that would work for another part. An idea began to formulate in Timmy’s mind. John was an exceptional wardrobe specialist as well as a man capable of convincing quite a few people, for quite a long time, that he was a woman. What better qualities could you ask for in a fellow Perfect?
Timmy proposed the idea to John.
“Mr. Ladyfist, how does a position with the Royal Perfects strike you? We sure could use a needler of your immense talent and your keen mastery of disguise speaks well of your acting abilities.” 
John was elated.
“You mean I can continue my passion for fashion through costume design while at the same time lending a hand on stage?” he asked in amazement.
“That is absolutely correct,” Timmy replied.
“Then count me in!”
While packing up the store, Wicketts and Ladyfist discussed future wardrobe needs as well as the details of the next Royal Perfects production. The inventory was extensive, and as fate had just dictated, it was now more fodder for the creative minds of the growing stage act. Whatever wasn’t already available could easily be crafted by the excellent apparel artist, John “Johanna” Ladyfist. 



=====

Chapter 5: The Growing Gusto

Later that day, Timmy arrived back at the Rat’s Tail, thoroughly satisfied with his fortuitous hires thus far. John came along with him, carrying several boxes of gowns. When they entered the tavern, they found Bugs sitting on the stage talking to another man, while a full-clothed Lancelot was attempting to stack and balance a barstool upon his chin. 
“Hey Timmy!” Bugs shouted as his friend entered. “This guy says he knows you,” he continued, pointing toward Lancelot.
This caused Castletowne to turn his head and drop the stool with which he was fumbling. A loud crash brought a mighty cheer from Bugs and his new acquaintance. 
“That’s two you owe us,” Bugs said, smiling.
Castletowne reached into his pocket and presented the coin while filling Timmy in.
“They bet me I couldn’t balance a stool on my chin for five counts,” he stated with some embarrassment.
“Keep your doubloons, Lancelot,” ordered Timmy while moving Castletowne’s hand back toward his pocket. “I guess you’ve already met Lancelot Castletowne the Third,” he stated to Bugs. “This here is John Ladyfist. He’s a top-notch tailor and a fine master of disguise.”
John shook everyone’s hand.
Bugs then piped up with an introduction of his own. “And this is Brock Bullsock.” 
The burly fellow sporting wide shoulders and a five o’clock shadow nodded respectfully to the others.
“I knew I knew him,” John stated while looking the man over. “You’re the former bare-knuckle boxing champion of Knotty Wood.”
“In the flesh,” Brock verified.
“I heard about your last fight, if you could even call it that,” John continued.
“Yeah, that wasn’t exactly my most spectacular moment,” he admitted.
Timmy hadn’t heard about it, and so he asked for the story. Brock obliged.
A prolific boxer, Bullsock was fairly well off. His superb pugilistic skills were matched only by his entertaining in-ringsmanship, and he won many a purse and a fan. Perhaps success clouded his judgment, for a persuasive and eager promoter convinced Bullsock to sign a bout with a local prized heifer. The promoter framed it as easy money, a sideshow gag to be held at the county farmers' fair. Brock could not pass it up. 
The night of the fight found Bullsock standing toe-to-toe with a large, doe-eyed bovine. The full house cheered and jeered as Brock tiptoed around the beast, flashing out forceless jabs while dancing about in mocking fashion. The cow was motionless except for its grinding jaws calmly chewing cud. 
Brock positioned himself directly in front of the animal, prepared to end the facade as the crowd goaded him on. Reeling back, Bullsock readied a knockout blow and, with the might of a cannon, unleashed a crushing right hook, striking the creature between the eyes. The cow was unfazed, only muttering a lowly moo, but Bullsock was wailing in agony. He had shattered his hand upon the rock-like cranium of the heifer. 
That night, Brock Bullsock’s boxing career ended. His hand never healed properly and he was made the laughingstock of Knotty Wood. He quickly burned through his meager savings, and with nothing holding him back, packed his bags and headed east.
He had been walking past The Ballyhoo newspaper office when he ran into Bugs, who was an avid boxing fan and recognized Brock immediately. The two got to talking, and Bugs offered him a job with the Perfects. He thought Brock’s years of performing in front of a live crowd, as well as his stellar skills of showmanship under pressure, would translate with ease to the stage.
Timmy agreed, and so it was. The pair was now five of a kind with John, Lancelot, Brock, Bugs and Timmy. In order to properly pull off The Nursing Spirit, they would need three more. Hopefully upcoming auditions would root out the pearls amongst the oysters in Upper Southrump.
Gabriel Goldhand had postponed nightly Perfect productions for a few days in order to allow Timmy and Bugs time to concentrate on finding more actors and to polish up their next work. This proved essential.
Only a day after The Ballyhoo ad for auditions was placed, dozens and dozens of hopefuls lined up at the Rat’s Tail doors eager for a chance to join the troupe. There were all kinds, young and old, lads and ladies, all different sizes and swaggers. Quite a few proved inept from their very first utterance. Some held one useful skill, but lacked several others. It was a laboring task to weed down the field, and it took Timmy and Bugs days to yield a handful with true promise. All the while, John, Brock and Lancelot were learning their duties and sharpening their talents in preparation for the première of The Nursing Spirit.
On the last day of auditions, five men stood before the original Perfect pair. All had proven worthy through their initial interviews and displays of talent, but unfortunately, only three were needed.
Among them was Captain Clinton Pantaloons. He was never a real captain, but he did serve as a seaman upon the less-than-majestic Dirtwater Puffin, a cargo barge tasked with hauling bucketfuls of spoiled clam chowder to the Island of Arse. Despite chowder being the main industry in the town of Tiddlethorpe Shire, the newly appointed, and corrupt, mayor had an extreme distaste for the stuff. He commissioned the Puffin to dispose of the vile liquid. It later came to light that the mayor had hoped that, by ending the clam chowder production, more people would purchase beet cakes, a product with which his family had long ties and whose market success would bring him great fortune. 
Pantaloons was responsible for filling, loading, unloading and emptying the cork-sealed, iron ribbed barrels of rotting chowder. On one unfortunate trip, Pants had a barrel escape his grasp. It twisted and turned, end over end, down a rather steep hillside on Arse. After carefully traversing the terrain, Pantaloons retrieved the barrel and hoisted it upon his shoulders. As he crested the hill once more, he was stunned to see the Dirtwater Puffin many meters out to sea. He had unknowingly been left behind. Pantaloons made preparations for an extended stay on the island, confident that his shipmates would return within the week, as was their schedule. 
Dividing his time between scavenging for food and sleeping in a makeshift bungalow constructed of old, broken barrels, the stranded sailor waited patiently for days. Days became weeks, and those weeks turned to months. It was now the summer season and the stench of tons of decaying clam pieces was at an all-time, putrid high. Pantaloons could stand the smell and isolation no longer. He tore down his bungalow and used the timbers to fashion a rudimentary dinghy. 
On a clear, calm Sunday morning, the self-dubbed "Captain" Pantaloons set sail at the helm of his very own vessel. The return voyage home was wrought with slight annoyances, like sporadic leaks or an occasional seal assault, but nothing of major concern. 
Before long, the Captain found landfall on the shore of Upper Southrump. Just beyond the docks, Pantaloons came across a crumpled copy of The Southrump Ballyhoo skipping like a tumbleweed down the street. The publication bounced in the breeze and hit the Captain square in the face. He peeled it back and came eye-to-eye with the headline, DIRTWATER PUFFIN DECLARED PIRATE CASUALTY. The story told of the ship's hijacking at the hands of pirates many months before and how it had been formally deemed lost at sea. Pantaloons was disheartened, having lost both his friends and his job, but an ad placed just below the tragic print provided a possible replacement for both. It stated, PERFECT OPPORTUNITY FOR PEOPLE OF PERSNICKETY PERSONA. ACT UPON YOUR INNER THESPIAN.
The ad had brought Pantaloons to this point in time, and he offered the same loyal service and unwavering confidence he had displayed in his travels to his duties as a Royal Perfect.
Another hopeful was Smirks Puffchest Jr., a man previously known for his magnificent potato soup. He was the owner of Smirk's Ladled Soup and Beans, where customers would wait for hours just for a sniff of his bubbling broth. Not a man nor woman in all of Upper Southrump would argue the excellence of his potato-laden concoction. 
As business increased, Smirks found it hard to keep pace. Until that point, Smirks’ Ladled Soup and Beans was a one-man operation, but Puffchest knew he needed to hire a second.
After a weeklong search, he found a young and eager woman named Betsy Anne Bullion up to the task. Ms. Bullion had only a smidgen of experience, but her enthusiasm convinced Smirks she was the one. Puffchest and Bullion worked day and night as teacher taught pupil everything he knew. Within the month, Betsy had mastered the patented, potato soup recipe, and as a result, they had more business than you could shake a wooden spoon at. 
One morning, the wife of the chief Whig of the Upper Southrump Lawyers Guild placed a rush order for several gallons of potato soup. She had planned a delightful afternoon garden party with numerous invitees drawn from the finest of Southrump's high society. Unbeknownst to the lawyer's wife, Smirks was home with a cold the day the order was placed, but Betsy Bullion knew exactly what to do. She prepared the soup and delivered it piping hot later that afternoon, along with a handwritten note stating, PLEASE ENJOY THE SOUP. IT IS QUITE POSSIBLY THE FINEST BATCH I HAVE EVER BREWED. WITH REGARDS, SMIRKS PUFFCHEST JR.
The next morning, Smirks was back on the job. He opened his store bright and early and immediately headed toward the burners, preparing the stove for a fresh pot of soup. Seconds later, the lawyer's wife came storming in. She was a whirling dervish of nasty words and vile accusations. Smirks was taken aback. The woman yelled of a scandalous affair fueled by the worst tasting potato soup to ever pass her lips. With the purposeful move of her hand, she dumped a cup of the broth onto Smirks' head and stomped out in a huff. Smirks was at a loss, until a bit of potato slid down his brow and into his mouth, which was still held agape. 
One bite revealed the horrible truth. The potato was not potato at all. It was cubed lime soap! Smirks waited all day for Betsy to arrive and shed light on the incident, but she never showed. Not that it mattered, because the damage had been done. Word spread and Smirks was ruined. Ladled Soup and Beans was shuttered and closed within the month. Worse yet, Smirks' tainted reputation hung like a dark cloud overhead. He was even shunned when volunteering to man the lunch line at the Stoops Kitchen for the Unfortunate and Desolate. 
Aimlessly walking down the lane, Smirks came across a newly opened cafe. Upon a sandwich board erected at the entrance was written, THE FINEST POTATOE SOUP IN ALL OF TOWN. Smirks was curious and so he entered. The eatery was packed. Everyone was eager to order up a cup. Smirks took a spot at the line’s end and patiently waited his turn. He had to know how this soup stacked up, even if it cost him his last two shillings, which it did. 
A man behind the counter handed Smirks his serving. It smelled delicious, and familiar. Smirks slid a spoonful down his gullet. It tasted fantastic, and familiar. He then heard a woman's voice call from the kitchen, and that too was familiar. 
"Fresh pot up!" she shouted. 
Smirks looked past the counter man and between two large colanders. Handing a large pot from the back boiler to the main serving area was Betsy Anne Bullion. He had not noticed it prior, but at that moment a large sign overhead stole his attention— BULLION'S BEST BROTH. It swung lazily, almost mockingly, in the light breeze sent from a nearby window. 
Total revelation came in that moment. Betsy had learned all of Smirks’ secrets, stolen his recipe, even taught herself to mimic his handwriting. She had sabotaged his life's work for her own benefit. It was premeditated and purposeful. 
An insane rage overcame Puffchest, and he burst into psychotic laughter. The gathered throng took notice, as did Betsy. She immediately whistled a passing constable, who escorted Smirks from the building. The constable led the now murmuring soup man several blocks away. He had quieted, sporting only a tightly drawn smirk upon his lips, a facial dam holding the inner well of insanity at bay. Believing his frenzied spell had subsided, the constable released Puffchest upon his own recognizance. 
Fortunately two street performers beginning their act only feet away squelched Smirks’ bubbling delirium. The act was hilarious, and Smirks laughed true and earnestly this time. He had been watching an early performance of The Grapel Duke’s Burnt Straw Knickers. It engrossed him so that he forgot all about his past worries.
When he recently heard The Royal Perfects were holding auditions, he didn’t hesitate to come out. Puffchest wanted to give back to a group that had restored his sanity at such a critical time in his life. 
The third option was Thomas Tinderbox, a young man with a crooked grin and long brown hair pulled tight into a bun, which was fastened by a red ribbon. Tommy was a former cigar wrapper, but with the advent of machine-made, pre-rolled, tobacco tubes, he found his position at the cigar bar to be expendable. After his dismissal from Sherlock’s Smoked Leaf Emporium, he had quickly landed another job and had been making ends meet by rolling pastries at a local bakery. He found his current position to be less than satisfactory and short on dough, in the monetary sense. A long-time hobbyist troubadour, Tinderbox had hoped to lend his skills to the stage.
Romeo Buffington was the fourth wannabe Perfect. The victim of an oversaturated profession, he found himself a man of the streets in a way he did not prefer. At one time, Romeo was one of the most sought-after male escorts, stating it properly. But as is common in that field, with passing time comes younger, handsomer, more virile men willing to do the work for far less money. By age twenty-three, his best days were behind him, and competition had all but squeezed Romeo out of the market. Still, he had made connections in high society over his years of being a "gentleman of the evening," and he offered his possible new employers a nightly draw of those high-profile contacts. He also brought striking good looks and a bar spoon’s dose of natural charisma.
The final applicant left for consideration was Portly Slimtwist. Portly was a bulbous man and a former carnival performer. His act involved being shot in the stomach at close range with a cannonball. His experience in front of a crowd was a huge plus, but his former job required little, if any, public speaking. He did little more than hold his ground and not die, a straightforward demand, but impressive in its own right. The traveling show Portly had been a part of was passing through a nearby borough, so he decided to stop by the Rat’s Tail and try out. He was tired of the carnival circuit and was hoping to settle down in one locale, hopefully landing a job with a bit more security and a little less danger.
“Okay lads,” Timmy began, “we’ve narrowed it down to you five, fine fellows. Unfortunately, we need only three. You’ve all shown a passion for performance, but The Royal Perfects are more than just that. We need men without grand ego. Those who will be just as comfortable manning the pulleys, as they would be in the spotlight’s glow. Above all else, we need actors capable of quick wit and solid improvisation. So, that being said, Bugs and I have written down the names of several inanimate objects on scraps of paper and placed them in this derby.”
Timmy held up the hat for all to see.
“It’s one thing to recite memorized lines and convey the essence of someone as human as yourself. It’s quite another to convince an audience you can be anything imaginable. From a role as a bank teller with a wooden leg to the part of the blasted wooden leg itself, you have to make the people believe you are what you pretend to be. Without further delay, we’ll draw a slip out of the derby and read it aloud. You’ll then be expected to act the part to your best ability.” Timmy jostled the crown-topper to mix up the folded scraps. “Bugs, could you please pick the first man to perform?”
Bugs scanned the row. All five men stood at the ready. Pointing to Clinton Pantaloons, Bugs said, “You’re up, Captain.”
The Captain stepped forward, not a hint of nervousness in his gate. Wicketts dug his hand deep into the derby and fetched out a single piece of paper. Unfolding it, a smile spread across his face. He shared the written word with Bugs, who snickered with amusement.
“Alright, Mr. Pantaloons, convince us you are a tree,” Timmy instructed.
The Captain thought for but a second before striking a strong pose. He planted his legs wide with force upon the stage, rooting himself in a trunk-like manner. He then lifted his chin skyward and raised his arms aloft, fully extending his branching fingers. Finally, with a rhythmic subtlety, he waved his upper limbs back and forth as if caught in a light spring breeze.
Timmy and Bugs looked at one another and nodded their shared approval, but the final judgment came when Twitch, eyeing the auditions from a beam high above, spun down from the rafters and landed gently upon one of Pantaloons swaying arms. The snub-beaked finch then let out a jolly twitter and a joyful shake of its feathers. Wicketts and Harrington broke into a congratulatory applause.
“Nicely done, sir, nicely done,” Bugs commended.
Timmy praised him as well. “If you can convince a bird you’re a tree, I have no doubt you could convince anyone of anything. Bravo, Captain.”
Pantaloons took a deep bow, for he was confident he had proven capable. Bugs then pointed toward Portly.
“Slimtwist, you’re up.” 
Timmy drew another subject from the hat and read it to himself. His face expressed a sense of divine coincidence. Bugs leaned over and read the topic, too.
“Portly, you’re a rock,” Bugs stated flatly, disappointed that Portly had drawn an object so very much like his actual self.
Portly Slimtwist slowly lumbered forward, took in a big huff of air, and then plopped like a boulder down to the floor, sitting his wide load firmly on the stage. The boards creaked with pain under his 400-plus-pound frame and a cloud of dust erupted from beneath his bottom. Portly sat motionless and starred off into the distance.
Suddenly, a second loud creak was heard, accompanied by a gush of fresh air and a tidal wave of exterior sunlight. Bugs and Timmy swung around in their seats, now looking at a group of individuals, shadowy and backlit, standing in the tavern’s entranceway.
“Good day, boys,” a man called with condescending tone.
As he stepped into the large dining area, Timmy was able to gather more of his image. It was the man he had seen at their opening night at the Rat’s Tail—the tall, slender fellow with a thin, black mustache, long dark overcoat and high-topped hat. By his side was Elvin’s since-missing friend and one-time stagehand of the Perfects, Leland. He hadn’t been seen since the night his deviousness almost cost Timmy his rump. Another man was there too, a larger fellow with broad shoulders and sideburn chops as thick as a sirloin steak. He sneered toward Bugs and Timmy as he cracked his large, hairy knuckles. 
A final figure floated just behind the group. A waif of a lass, she lingered in the periphery for a moment before moving out of the strong sunlight. As Timmy watched her stride gracefully down the steps following her male companions, her identity was without question. It was Genny Jenkins. Timmy was instantly captivated.
“You must be John Smith,” Bugs laid out sternly.
Directing Genny by the wrists, Smith and his cohorts walked toward the bar and took up seats.
“And you would be correct, Mr. Harrington,” Smith replied coolly. “If I’m not mistaken, your boyfriend there, the chap who looks like he’s two-days removed from knitted diapers, is Mr. Timmy Wicketts.”
Timmy said nothing. He was held fast by Genny’s presence. She did her best to hide from his sight, but couldn’t help but steal quick, occasional glances of her past classmate. Bugs nudged Timmy, unsure he had heard the insulting comment. Timmy paid no mind.
Bugs replied, “Yeah, that’s the master thespian Timothy Wicketts. You and your friends here to get an autograph?”
“Please,” Smith chuckled with contempt. “Why would I want anything from a man who used to eat garbage and grime? You two fools are hobos gone awry, sideshow amusements compared to the formally trained, highly educated actor I, myself, can claim with certainty. No, no, Bugsy, I’ve come for the auditions.”
“You have to be joking,” Bugs said with surprise. “We’ve heard of your reputation. You couldn’t act sick even in the throes of vomiting. From what we’ve heard, The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles are so-so at best.”
The comment raised the ire of Smith, who momentarily stood and stepped with anger towards Bugs. Leland and their brick-house buddy held him back. The angered Smith thought better, and quickly regained his composure. 
“I don’t want to audition, you toad, we’ve come for the auditions. You see, the old Sons of Sophocles have been disbanded. I’m now reorganizing the troupe, bringing in fresh talent. I have a standing contract with the owner of the Halfwit Theater in Shillings District, a damn fine contract for a very lengthy duration. The Illegitimate Sons will be performing great Greek works nightly starting next week. All that remains is to fill out the vacancies among the group. I have multiple openings.”
Smith’s eyes turned toward the men on the stage.
“Since these Perfect peons have weeded out the dregs, I can assume you five men are up to the task,” he spoke sternly. “And let me offer this, no need for audition, no need for foolish games, whoever leaves with us today will get a guaranteed deal, steady money and prominent roles in all productions.”
“Guar-an-teed?” Portly slopped like a remedial reader.
“Yes Sir, guar-an-teed, no strings attached,” the vile Smith affirmed.
Portly rolled on his side and then off the stage, as hastily as an elephant walks through mud.
“Where are you going?” Bugs asked the large man, pulling him by the arm.
Portly shrugged off his grip and replied, “Where the money is.”
Thomas Tinderbox and Romeo Buffington also leapt from the stage and made their way toward Smith and his band. Tinderbox thrust a firm hand of acceptance toward his new employer as Romeo aimed a sincere look of apology toward Bugs and Timmy before falling into the Ill So-So fold. Smith smirked with devilish delight. 
Bugs was fast turning red with rage. Leaning toward Timmy he whispered, “We can’t let him just come here and do this. Come on, Timmy, say something.”
Timmy waited a moment, and then craned his head to get a better view of Genny, who was partially blocked by Smith. 
“Hi, Genny,” he said kindly.
“Hi, Timmy,” she replied with the warmness Wicketts recollected from days gone by.
Smith pulled Genny again by the wrist while shooting her a glare of disapproval. His darkened eyes drew narrow and mean.
“Mr. Wicketts, take heed not to address my lady, Genny. She has neither the need nor the desire to associate with The Bastard Babyface of Shuttlecock Lane,” Smith said with hurtful overture.
Timmy hadn’t heard that name in quite some time. Its utterance dug at deep wounds.
“Ah yes, Mr. Wicketts, Genny told me all about your days at Vainville and your disgraceful acts. You were nothing but a clown, too weak to defend himself, too stupid to avoid expulsion,” Smith added with venom. 
Genny looked away, growing increasingly uncomfortable.
The leader of the Ill So-Sos then addressed the two men remaining on stage. “And you two fellows, do you wish to join assured success, or would you rather toil under the backwards tutelage of a couple of drunkards?”
Smirks and Pantaloons looked at Timmy and Bugs. They moved nowhere.
“Very well,” an annoyed Smith continued, “we have added three excellent souls. That should do nicely. You two can have your Imperfects.”
The first son of Sophocles had removed his hat upon sitting down, so he placed it back upon his head while saying, “Time to depart, lads. There is much to be done before opening night. The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles are on the verge of history.”
Smith tipped his brim to Timmy and Bugs in mocking manner and then made his way to the door, dragging Genny in his wake. His enlarged entourage followed in step, and as quickly as the raid had unfolded, it was over.
“Damn it, Timmy!” Bugs shouted with annoyance. “Hi Genny? Hi Genny? That’s all you could muster?”
Timmy was still staring at the closing tavern door. An angelic melody of harps and violins was all he could hear in his distracted mind. The Genny-induced state of bliss was still in effect.
Bugs extended a thankful hand toward Captain Pantaloons and Smirks Puffchest Jr.
“You fine men are hired. Your loyalty is truly of distinction.” 
When the tavern door finally drew fully closed, Timmy was returned to the land of here and now.
“Ah, yes, yes. Congratulations you two. We’ve very excited at your additions. Now, I’m not sure of your current housing and whatnot, but Mr. Goldhand has expanded our upstairs domicile. We have plenty of room, and you’re welcome to board up as long as you are a Perfect,” Timmy explained.
“Thank you, Timmy, I’ll do just that, “ Captain Pantaloons answered.
“As will I,” Smirks said with gratitude.
Timmy showed them to the stairs leading to the second floor with a request they get comfortable and make themselves at home. He also mentioned that John Ladyfist, Lancelot and Brock were in the apartment already, reviewing the quarters. They should all introduce themselves before he and Bugs joined them for a more formal address.
As the Captain and Smirks walked off, Bugs pulled Timmy to the side. He was a bit perplexed by Timmy’s odd behavior and wanted to get back to the matter at hand.
“Look, Timmy, we’ve got two good men, but we have to find one more. The Nursing Spirit needs eight, and we have no more time for auditions. We could try and call back some of the latter cuts. What about that woman who spoke with the heavy Serbian accent? We could work around that. And then there’s that gentleman with the rhinestone eye patch. He was strange, but possibly useful.”
Timmy contemplated their options, but the forceful opening of tavern doors broke his focus yet again. He had hoped it was a returning Genny, but instead, Romeo Buffington skipped in, bright-eyed.
“Hey, blokes,” Romeo said with a sly grin, “thought I was going with the So-Sos, didn’t you? Had you convinced, eh? That’s what you call good acting, no?”
Bugs and Timmy laughed.
“Yeah, we’d thought you’d left, baited away by Smith’s guar-an-tee,” Bugs exclaimed.
“No, no, Smith is a joke. I’ve seen him on stage before. Shakespeare himself couldn’t help that sap.”
Timmy patted Romeo on the back, “So, you’ll join us?”
“With absolute certitude,” Romeo responded with excitement.
So it was set, The Royal Perfects had found their eighth. The trio headed up to the second floor to share the news with the rest of the cast and begin final preparations for the opening of The Nursing Spirit. As the arrogant Smith had alluded, history was indeed in the making.
After full introductions and cordial small talk, the entire team, now gathered in the Rat’s Tail apartment, sat intently as Timmy read aloud the plot of The Nursing Spirit. 
It centered on a strained relationship. Lily and Vladimir were on the rocks. Their union had degraded to one of both verbal and physical abuse, with the young Lily taking the lion’s share.
After a particularly nasty tongue-lashing, Lily had reached her limit. She waited for Vladimir to depart for his job at the docks, then gathered up some personal effects and left. She had no idea where she would go or what she would do, but she knew she had to leave Vladimir in her past. Fearing his possessive tendencies and his possible desire to track her down, she used some of his clothes to disguise herself as a man. 
After a week living homeless on the streets, things went from bad to worse for the lass. Lily caught a terrible cold and grew ill. She sought help at a halfway house for men, still hoping to keep her true identity secret. There she met Nurse Rose Marie Wellington. Lily was in dire straits, and over the course of a couple of months, the aged woman cared for the young lass, restoring her to health. In the process, Nurse Wellington discovered the “man” she was helping was experiencing symptoms of another sort—pregnancy! 
One evening, a distraught, and suddenly jobless, Vladimir appeared on the doorstep of the halfway house, looking for a room and a meal. Unable to turn him away, Nurse Wellington embarked on a comical series of events, attempting to hide Lily from Vladimir, and at the same time, keeping Lily’s growing pregnant belly from revealing her true sex.
After laying out the tale, duties were assigned among the Perfects. John Ladyfist had spent months portraying a middle-aged woman, so the role of the nurse was a natural fit. Brock’s larger, pugilistic frame lent him well to the part of Vladimir. Bugs offered to manage the stage crew this time around with the aid of Smirks. Lancelot, Romeo, and Captain Pantaloons would play the part of homeless men at the shelter. That only left Timmy, whose gentile face and soft complexion would provide needed reality to the youthful, female lead, Lily Salisbury. 
Over the next few days, the members of The Royal Perfects practiced continually. The octahedral clan developed a great chemistry over a small stretch of time. Each man seemed to value the opportunity laid out before him and looked to help in any way possible. It was a joint feat spurred by common goals and vision, and that was crucial. With the larger cast and more elaborate story, The Nursing Spirit required even greater effort and skill to pull off. As opening night approached, the company worked with diligence and purpose.
Gabriel Goldhand had given his full blessing to the endeavor, and made himself busy with promotion. He had commissioned posters and placed ads, altered the large Royal Perfect marquee to include language teasing at The Nursing Spirit’s imminent unveiling, and begun a word-of-mouth campaign fueled by a fast-growing Perfect fan base. Excitement was brewing among the populace of Upper Southrump.
The day of the show’s opening, Bugs and Smirks found themselves in the Shillings District. They had needed to gather some last-minute supplies for use in rig setups and lighting. While walking down the lane, they spotted one of Goldhand’s posters plastered on the brick exterior of a coffee house, and then another adhered to a signpost near a busy intersection. It was great fun to see their entity being given such promotional effort. They noticed a third off in the distance. Its common color drew their eyes to the noodle shop door on which it had been pasted. As they walked closer, a swift-moving individual swooped into their line of sight. The man unrolled a large sheet of paper of his own, lathered it in paste, and quickly flattened it directly over the poster advertising The Nursing Spirit.
Bugs and Smirks broke into a run, hoping to nab the vandal. But, by the time they reached the scene, the person had disappeared into the bustling Shilling’s crowd.
“What is this?” Bugs proposed with frustration while pointing at the former location of a Nursing Spirit poster. 
In its place had been posted a one-sheet decreeing the evening opening of The Trachiniae as performed by The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles. The ink-drawn image of John Smith was front and center.
Smirks spotted another such incident across the street. A second Trachiniae ad hid The Nursing Spirit one almost completely. Now locked on the design, Bugs and Smirks could see many more episodes of similar sabotage continuing down the broad main.
“That underhanded lay-about,” Bugs grumbled.
“Should we tell Timmy?” Smirks asked.
Rubbing a hand across his agitated forehead, Bugs realized the futility of further action. The Trachiniae posters did not peel off with ease, and attempting to do so only damaged The Nursing Spirit ones beneath.
“Yes, we’ll let Timmy know,” Bugs said with inevitable acceptance of the situation, “but there’s not much we can do at this point. The Nursing Spirit opens tonight, and we don’t have the time or resources to come back out here and replace the posters.”
“Wouldn’t make much difference anyway, I suppose,” Smirks said. “Anyone planning to attend the show tonight has probably already made up their mind as such.”
With a bitter taste in his mouth, Bugs spat a nice wad at one of the Ill So-So posters, hitting the drawn John Smith directly between the eyes. He and Smirks then continued on their errands, now substantially more annoyed than when they had left the Rat’s Tail. 
A couple blocks further down, they arrived at the candle shop to pick up a few more stage lights. Entering the establishment, they were greeted from behind the register by a lovely old woman, the shop’s owner, Mrs. Ruddy Twinklebulb.
“Good afternoon, Mrs. Twinklebulb,” Bugs said to the old woman.
“And good day to you, Sir. What can I help you lads with today?”
Smirks examined a small hallway candle. “We need some theater wicks, Madam. The large ones.”
“And a three-foot reflector, as well as the accompanying focusing barrel,” Bugs added to the request.
Mrs. Twinklebulb shook her head in disappointment. “I’m sorry, but I’m sold out. A fine gentleman stopped by this morning and bought out my lot. I was quite surprised he purchased so much, but he assured me his acting company would be needing the stockpile.”
Smirks and Bugs knew exactly who the woman was talking about.
“It was quite the haul he took, needing a full carriage to cart it all away. I know a stage show can require a lot of lighting, but he bought enough to hold a nighttime polo match at the Roman Coliseum. Can’t fathom he’ll ever really need it all, but he did pay handsomely.”
Bugs gritted his teeth. He knew John Smith was the man who purchased all the gear, and he knew he did it only to keep The Royal Perfects from acquiring what they needed. While his acting skills could never compare, Smith did have the rapier of wealth on his side, and was apparently eager to use it to further his own position.
Mrs. Twinklebulb retrieved a few substitute supplies from a back room. She presented Smirks and Bugs with a smaller reflector and focusing barrel, as well as a half-dozen mid-sized dining candles. It was adequate, but by no means would it supply the amount of drama the desired equipment would have provided.
Bugs paid the kind, old woman for the items and even made an advance installment on future theater wicks once they became available. The two men then left the store with boxes in hand.
When they arrived back at the tavern, Timmy and the rest of the cast were in the middle of final rehearsal. The scene involved the climactic birth of Lily’s child, and how the miraculous event erased all past ill will between her and Vladimir. 
Screaming with the agony of delivery, Timmy laid prone on a skirted table while both John, the nurse, and Brock, the husband, looked on. Lancelot stood off stage manning a slide whistle. As Timmy screamed, Lancelot played a crescendo note, and then marked the end by a loud pop of his cheek. Then Romeo, carefully concealed beneath the table, launched a baby-sized rag doll several feet into the air, comically landing the burlap infant in Nurse Wellington’s waiting arms.
“That damn Smith!” Bugs shouted, breaking the concentration of everyone on stage.
Timmy rolled off the table and asked with concern, “What happened?”
As he helped Smirks with the candle boxes, Bugs laid out the account.
“One of Smith’s lackey’s has been going around town covering our Nursing Spirit posters with ones for the Ill So-So play, The Trachiniae. Then, when we get to the candle shop we find out the cretin has bought out the entire stock of stage lights. Mrs. Twinklebulb gave us these,” he said while holding up the dining wicks. “But we had planned on the theater-quality waxes.”
Timmy grabbed the candles Bugs was holding. “This is a bit of a disappointment. The theater wicks would have been so much more vibrant, but we can make do.”
Timmy tried to ease Bugs’ obvious animosity over what he had learned.
“I know, Tim, but that’s not the point. It’s the whole principle of the matter. If we weren’t opening tonight, I’d have the nerve to walk over to the Halfwit, grab Smith by the throat, and jam these dining candles down his gullet.” As Bug’s envisioned the act, he snapped a candle in two.
Placing his hand on his friend’s shoulder, Timmy calmly stated why he was not worried. “Bugs, aren’t we the same two scallywags who used discarded pie tins as reflectors on cloudy days out on the street corner? Aren’t we the ones who could take one woman’s bathrobe and use it as three or four uniquely fashioned articles of costume? Bugs, we can overcome this small disappointment. Nothing will diminish the grandeur of our ideas as long as we execute with the passion we’ve always possessed.”
Timmy’s words rang true in Bugs’ ears, and he nodded his understanding.
“You’re right, Wicketts, my friend. The Nursing Spirit could be performed in a mausoleum, and we’d even have the corpses laughing out loud.”
Bugs’ happier disposition had been restored by Timmy’s insightful words.
“Now let’s finish up our preparations so we can partake of our customary pre-show dinner of beef and salad,” Bugs gleefully asserted while hoisting a box of candles upon his shoulder. 
This brought a hurrah from the rest of the cast, and everyone refocused, concentrating on the duties at hand.



=====

Chapter 6: Playing the Part

Dinner was as delicious as always. Nearly every man had a thick, satisfying glaze of salad dressing and beef broth saturating their facial hair, save Timmy, who could not grow such manly trademarks due to his condition. As the Perfects jollily discussed the imminent show between anecdotal tales of past-life adventures, they could hear the growing murmur of people emanating from below. The Rat’s Tail was filling up with customers once more. It was a sound Timmy and Bugs had come to expect, and one that always quickened the heart. The rest of the cast could feel it too, a growing energy of nervous excitement, gaining momentum with each passing moment. 
The Dutch cuckoo on the wall struck the hour, signifying the Perfects’ need to clean up and head downstairs. As the mechanical bird chirped and chimed, Twitch found his master’s shoulder and prepared to escort the play’s star to the backstage area. After everything was placed in order and all men had groomed sufficiently, the company departed in unison.
Downstairs, Bugs and Smirks checked and double-checked their setups. After they were thoroughly satisfied, Smirks wished his cohorts a fine show and headed to his post upon the lighting rig. Bugs riffled through his backdrop orders and tested the pulley tension in case there was need for any last-minute adjustments. Timmy and the rest of the cast dressed for their parts. John made certain everyone looked appropriate and in good order before wiggling into his nursing attire. It was time. Deep breaths were shared by all. 
“Ladies and gentlemen,” Mr. Goldhand’s voiced echoed from the other side of the drawn red curtain, “I thank you all for coming. Tonight, we have a grand spectacle for you. From the troupe that brought you the crowd-pleasing Grapel Duke’s Burnt Straw Knickers, an original play of high fancy, we present a second work of even greater imagination…The Nursing Spirit!”
And with that, the curtain was raised and the play began. 
Timmy and Brock, the two actors first appearing on stage, were welcomed by a cordial applause from the nearly packed house. Timmy could sense the tavern was slightly less full than during previous performances, and his brief scan of the crowd affirmed as much. The audience was still more than adequate, but nobody was forced to occupy the standing room on this night.
As the show went on, those in attendance sparked lively at every poignant and proper moment. Cheers and jeers were delivered soundly as villains and heroines swapped lines atop the wooden platform. Laughter was in no short supply, but unlike during The Grapel Duke’s Burnt Straw Knickers, it was occasionally tempered by a great swath of other emotions. The cast had the crowd eating from the palm of their hands, and every Perfect could sense it. It was a tightly woven relationship that drove the actors to heighten their performances.
The effort paid off, for at the conclusion, The Nursing Spirit was given a resounding, standing ovation. The story had touched many to such a degree that they wiped tears of joy from their cheeks while chuckling with joke-bred pleasure. As the cast took its bows, Timmy and Bugs shared a glance of pride and fulfillment. Another play had pleased. Another work had found the loving arms of the public.
After the people had gone, the staff of the Rat’s Tail and the members of The Royal Perfects sat in the closed tavern sharing congratulations and libations. A couple of the Perfects had managed some female company and were wooing them with tales of high-seas shenanigans or last-minute soup sales. The latter wasn’t nearly as interesting.
Romeo had more than one admirer sitting at his side, and anyone could tell he was letting his suave shine. Lancelot and Ladyfist were amongst a group of revelers hooting and hollering while placing bets as to how long Castletowne could keep his head submerged in a vat of pickled eggs before needing to take a breath, or lose consciousness, whichever came first.
Then there were Timmy and Bugs. The pair sat with Mr. Goldhand discussing the evening’s purse and how each thought the event transpired.
“It was a lesser take than in the past,” Goldhand admitted. “Not by much, but not to the level your previous shows were drawing.”
“That’s a bit of a disappointment,” Timmy stated with mild sadness.
“Don’t get me wrong, I don’t think the show itself had anything to do with it,” Goldhand clarified. “It was a great story, masterfully executed. I think it is by far your best work to date.”
Gabriel paused a moment to wet his whistle with a shot of rum before continuing.
“I just think that Ill So-So show drew a bit of the crowd away.”
“Probably didn’t hurt that they stole some of our publicity with that poster prank,” Bugs said indignantly.
“I had checked into that Bugs, and apparently, they had been doing that for a few days prior. I can’t say how many they managed to cover, but yes, maybe that did detract a little,” said the fatherly Gabriel. “It’s no matter though. Tomorrow, The Ballyhoo will put out their reviews of both shows. I’m fully confident The Nursing Spirit will outshine anything John Smith and his misfits could clumsily convey.”
Gabriel took another shot of liquor before bidding his young partners goodnight. 
All things considered, Bugs and Timmy could agree the opening night was a success. The real test would be the story’s longevity over the next month or so. If it truly were a tale of worth, the people would come, and keep coming. If not, there was always the street corner.
The next day found the Perfects in preparation again. That night would be the second performance of The Nursing Spirit, and the group wanted to iron out some details and soften some rough edges they had discovered on their first go-around. Only the most dedicated of theatergoers would notice such things, but it was this adherence to painstaking refinement that defined their reputations. They were true artisans to the last.
Everyone was present save Lancelot, who had gone earlier to retrieve a copy of the day’s Ballyhoo. While his compatriots were in the middle of walking through a scene, Lancelot returned with paper clutched in hand.
“Here it is, fellas,” he said with excitement.
“Have you read it, Lancelot?” Timmy inquired, searching his friend’s face for any revelation that he had.
Lancelot shook his head from side to side. “Nope,” he stated, while handing the edition to Timmy.
Timmy opened the publication and leafed through its wilting newsprint pages. Coming to the AMUSEMENTS section, he unfolded the entire sheet and laid it flat on a nearby table. The rest of his mates circled around to get a good view.
“The Spirit of Genius,” Timmy said, reciting the page’s headline. 
The article continued, and Timmy conveyed its contents with increasing joy.
“Last night, I had the pleasure of witnessing a great piece of entertainment. Hot off the heels of their cherished comedy The Grapel Duke’s Burnt Straw Knickers, The Royal Perfects manifested more magic in the form of The Nursing Spirit. This delightful tale told of a relationship turned bitter and how an act of life brought two main characters to reconciliation. Playing the role of Lily, Timmy Wicketts shone bright and studious. The dedicated thespian conveyed the needed warmth and tenderness of the female lead. John Ladyfist proved his acting chops and comedic timing to be quite good as the often-hilarious Nurse Wellington. And former boxer-turned-actor Brock Bullsock scored a knockout blow with his nasty-turned-nice portrayal of Vladimir Repin. With a spot-on supporting cast and errorless stage presentation, The Nursing Spirit proved a show worth seeing more than once.”
When Timmy concluded, the entire group shared a boastful round of self-congratulations. Compliments and pats were exchanged like presents and the entire company took pride in their written review. Bugs made his way over to the bar and retrieved a sealed bottle of brandy, which he promptly cracked open for communal consumption. As the drinks flowed, Timmy found another article worth reading.
“Now hear this, lads,” Wicketts chimed. “A True Sophoclean Tragedy,” he said while reading the headline.
“The newly re-formed Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles presented one of his classic Greek plays last night at the Halfwit Theater. It can be said that this performance was indeed one of improvement over past Sons’ productions with a varied cast capable of a greater range than the previous. Unfortunately, the range was only fractionally expanded, and the execution only marginally improved. Reviewing an earlier Sons’ work, I wrote that if they were stone throwers, this group was barely capable of hitting the side of a barn. This newest incarnation may manage to strike an outhouse, although the stench of both would be equivalent. The lone bright spot was Genevieve Jenkins. She continues to prove a moving actress, and if given a capable supporting cast, could very well be a crown jewel in any company.”
Bugs and the others broke into laughter, happy to take joy in the harsh review laid upon the Ill So-Sos. They clinked glasses and drank to the rival team’s poor press. 
Timmy was more concerned with the mention of Genny. He hadn’t realized she was an actress. Last he had heard, Genny was meant to take over her father’s import and trade business, which specialized in the acquisition and supply of highly valued archeological artifacts as well as fine art and sculpture.
The career path made sense, for Genny had been a superb student who was fluent in several languages and cultural histories. It struck him as strange that she would forego all of that intellectual and professional investment for a far less lucrative endeavor such as acting. But based on what he had just read, perhaps it was the wiser choice. The review did laud her skill after all.
Bugs had taken notice of Timmy’s preoccupation.
“Timmy, so what is it? You have the same dreamy look on your face that you had when Smith and his gang were here. You’re thinking about that Jenkins girl, aren’t you?” Bugs asserted having heard her mentioned in The Ballyhoo. “Who is she?”
Timmy leaned back in his chair, balancing on its two back legs. He folded his arms and gazed off into the distance as transparent memories in his mind grew more concrete and colorful.
“Genny was the only one,” Timmy began. “She was the lone soul of solace amongst a horde of horrors at Vainville. She uttered not a single insult, thrust not a single dagger. She simply stood behind the angry wall of shadows, peering through with sorrowful eyes until the darkness passed. It was then she would help me up, dust me off, mind my wounds and then pass once more into the crowd, leaving behind only memories of her kind touch.
“I can recall one particularly nasty episode. I was eating in the dining hall, sitting alone, as usual, due to my plagued persona. That day’s meal was stew, crust, and a serving of roasted lamb carvings. As I sipped my soup, I was smacked in the cheek by a cold, damp something. It stuck fast, and then peeled away slowly, accompanied by a sickening suctioning sound. The projectile was a slice of lamb thrown by an older classmate from a table across the room. I looked his way, and he returned an impish smirk and a questionable finger gesture. The rest of the crew at his table supported his actions with snickers of their own, slapping hands and trading jollies. To that point, this was not really a unique occurrence, but what came next did burn this episode clearly in my mind. 
“I suppose the bully and his cronies were feeling particularly cruel that day because, moments later, I felt a shove on my shoulder. I turned. My heart had already started to sprint. The nasty, Rudebaker Smart was his name, stood towering over me. Red-haired and mean-spirited, he informed me that I shouldn’t waste Headmaster Vainville’s food. He pointed to the slab of lamb now resting upon the filthy dining hall floor. He then stepped upon the meat with his dirty boot, grinding it in, bent down, peeled it off the tile, and plopped it on my plate. The vile villain next ordered me to eat the defiled cut, soot, dust, and all.
“I refused, and was served instead a right hook to the jaw. It knocked me off my seat, and that’s when the wolves leapt. Kicks and punches, shoving and wrenching, they brutalized me for an agonizing spell. As I absorbed the punishment, I couldn’t help but wonder why not a single monitor was jumping in to end the crime. There were always two or three stationed in the dining hall during eating hours, but apparently they were all looking the other way at this particular moment. I would have thought the shouting and jeering of a mess hall full of students would have attracted attention, but that was not the case.
“Not until Genny appeared did the beating begin to subside. Through swelling eyes, I could see her pulling at the boys surrounding me. Through ringing ears, I could hear her reprimanding my assailants. She forced her way into the fray, and in doing so, dispersed the mob. Soon after, a monitor did manage to enter the scene and sent the students back to their duties. Genny’s selfless act saved my hide that afternoon, but it also opened her up to ridicule. 
“She was labeled a sympathizer, and attitudes began to shift. Hurtful words and rumors were beginning to spread concerning Genny. I knew it wouldn’t take long to spiral out of control, damning her to a life as a social outcast. I couldn’t live with myself if that took place. I would not let her become a pariah such as myself, and so I laid out a plan. 
“In a crowded hall of the academy, I lugged an armful of books. On top was a model I had constructed of Buckingham Palace. It was an elaborate, well-crafted piece needed for a passing grade in my architecture class held later in the day. With purpose, I weaved through the students, careful not to drop my belongings. At the same time, I hailed the excellence of my model at the top of my lungs. Several disgusted glances and rude comments were hurled my direction, but that was the intended result of my boasting. I then saw Genny standing by the library’s door. I walked as swiftly and closely to her as possible, and once there, fell head over heels onto the floor, crushing my Buckingham with my backside and throwing my books asunder. I immediately shouted my grief, accusing Genny of tripping me. She hadn’t, and was momentarily taken aback by the assertion, but that quickly changed as my plan became evident. 
“Fellow schoolmates laughed at my expense and celebrated Genny’s assumed actions. They congratulated her on her ruthlessness as I knelt grasping the splinters of my model and crying aloud my imminent failure of architecture class. Everyone believed that she had indeed tripped me, and done so with iniquitous, pre-planned intent. The act restored her good standing. Genny realized what I had done, but never uttered a word. The thankful look in her eyes was all that I needed.”
“Well, that’s quite a tale, buddy,” Brock announced. He and the rest of the Perfects had gathered around to hear Timmy’s story as he conveyed it to Bugs.
“So, did you fail architecture?” John inquired.
“I did,” Timmy said with acceptance, “but it was a small price to pay for saving Genny’s name.”
Bugs pulled his chair in closer. “You were enchanted, weren’t you?”
Timmy smiled. “I have to see her on stage,” he stated with longing.
Bugs could tell this meant a lot to Timmy, but a major hurdle lied in his path. 
“How? The Ill So-So shows are held on the same nights and at the same times as ours. There’s no way we could perform The Nursing Spirit without you. You’re the blasted lead,” Bugs said.
There was no need for Harrington to declare the problem. Timmy realized the conundrum seconds after stating his desire to see Genny perform. Hope was quickly fading in his heart.
“I have an idea,” Romeo announced as all eyes turned toward the Casanova of Southrump. “What about an understudy? I know the perfect chap. I met him down by the train tracks one night, back when I was getting coin by another means.”
“An understudy?” Bugs questioned with doubt. “Who could possibly perform the role like Timmy?”
“I think this man could,” Romeo answered.
“Why don’t you two bet on it?” Lancelot added, eager to see a gamble, even if he was not directly involved.
Bugs disregarded Lancelot’s inane comment and contemplated what Romeo was proposing. He turned toward Timmy to get his take.
Timmy smiled again. The idea was indeed interesting. If this second held promise, and Timmy could teach him all he needed to learn, it would free him to see Genny at the Halfwit.
Bugs could see Timmy’s face glowing at the thought.
“Fine, Romeo,” Harrington said with a bit of exasperation. “Go get this character. If he seems like he can do it, we’ll use him. If not, we’ll just have to figure out something else. Okay, Timmy?”
Timmy placed a thankful hand on Bugs’ back as Romeo headed out the door.
The crew returned to their rehearsal, taking up their duties once more. As the actors exchanged lines, it was clear to everyone that Timmy was distracted. His fluidity had stiffened a fraction and his delivery was somewhat weaker than everyone was used to. Wicketts was still in a class by himself, but it was evident Genny was on his mind.
A few hours later, Buffington returned, accompanied by quite the disheveled sight. 
“This is Francis Dinkyworth,” Romeo proclaimed, pointing to the rag-wearing man to his right. The hobo was dirty and slouching. His stubble-marked mug hid a younger complexion, not one near Timmy’s toddler-like quality, but a clean shave would definitely have taken five years off. 
Bugs looked at the man, looked at Timmy, and laughed.
Timmy withheld judgment, realizing he had probably looked the same, minus the facial hair, only months earlier.
“Mr. Dinkyworth, why don’t you have a seat and tell us more about yourself?” Wicketts asked.
John Ladyfist offered up a chair as Smirks retrieved a hot cup of tea for the fellow. They all gathered around to see what this assuredly homeless man had to say.
In a gentle, high-pitched, almost feminine voice, Francis Dinkyworth laid before them a tale of sad misfortune. From birth, he was unwanted. His parents gave him up for adoption when he was but an infant. His nurse mum at the orphanage grew tired of his colic and crying and one day set him, still covered in dried pea soup from lunch, upon the stoop of a local brewery. Before anyone of repute came across young Dinkyworth, an insane woman laid her eyes upon him. 
Mammy Tanglelocks, as Francis came to call her, saw what she thought was a small green man wrapped in a long coat, not a baby covered in dried pea soup. To her, this small broccoli boy was undoubtedly a leprechaun. Mammy knew if she cared for the leprechaun long enough and spent time learning his crazy “goo-goo, ga-ga” sprite language, the elf would lead her to hordes of gold. 
And so, Mammy Tanglelocks cared for Francis for years, sheltering the child in her rickety shack made of broken broom handles and discarded roast racks. The poor woman was so crazy, she paid no mind as Francis' complexion grew pasty-white when the flakes of soup peeled away. She paid no mind as Francis grew into a young boy. She paid no mind when he stopped babbling and started talking. And most unfortunately, she paid no mind when she walked right into the path of an oncoming steam locomotive one fateful summer day. 
Francis became a heartbroken man in his twenties having lost the only person who had ever cared for him. He spent days and nights in a dizzying mourning, simply walking the streets of Upper Southrump with no real sense of what to do next. Luckily, he ran into a sympathetic ear attached to one Romeo Buffington. They sowed a mild friendship, and apparently, Francis’ story made a lasting impression on Romeo. 
It was a sad tale, no doubt. Timmy too felt an immediate place in his heart for Francis, a man who suffered in many ways similar to himself. He handed Dinkyworth a bit of dialogue from The Nursing Spirit and asked that he take the stage and give everyone a sound read.
The part involved a monologue presented early in the play by Lily, bemoaning her broken heart and weary soul at the hands of Vladimir. Drawing upon his own vast sorrow and memories of Mammy Tanglelocks, Francis delivered a fitfully moving soliloquy. It was both heartfelt and poignant. By the passage’s end, Bugs, Timmy and the rest knew they had found a capable thespian. 
Timmy congratulated Francis on a spot-on delivery, and Bugs complemented Romeo on his scouting. While Dinkyworth lacked the somewhat lady-like appearance of Timmy, he did capture the emotion of Lily in mighty form. After everyone made their proper introductions, Francis Dinkyworth was officially brought into the Perfect fold. He was overjoyed.
“Okay mates,” Timmy announced, “last night was a great show, but tonight needs to be even better. Word’s now out that The Nursing Spirit is a winner, so the expectations will be even higher from our viewing public. For the rest of the week, I’ll continue to play Lily while Francis learns the part. That said, here are a few points we should all address.”
Timmy read off a list of items he had hoped they could resolve prior to that evening’s show. The company discussed the topics and debated the methods before breaking into diligent action. The next show was only hours away, and there was more work to be done.
The taste of beef and salad still on his lips, Bugs glanced at the mass gathered in the Rat’s Tail that night. The turnout had been increasingly positive over the past few days, and by this fifth night of performances, the tavern was, indeed, packed wall to wall. An abundance of spectators was even forced to stand.
As Bugs scanned the gathered throng, he noticed several notable men and women. Business owners were in attendance, as well as lawyers, doctors and statesmen. Even the recently elected mayor of Upper Southrump, Percival Snodgrass, had come out for the show. 
Percival was an interesting man. He was about the same age as many of the Perfects, but he had made the keen decision to marry into power. His wife, the kind, though somewhat plain, Madison Strutney, was the daughter of Admiral Dottingburn Strutney. The clan was the first family of Upper Southrump. Their lineage had been a founding force in the town’s history, and they had made money hand-over-fist throughout the decades. Madison was Admiral Strutney’s only offspring, and she lived a life of luxury and high culture.
Word was that Madison met Percival at a ball. Percival was not a native of Upper Southrump but was visiting on business. He sought out the homely lady and courted her with vigor. After wooing both her mother and father with pristine manners and chiseled good looks, Percival won favor among the Strutney house. This later led to Percival’s political ambitions being well funded and fervently supported, and only months after marrying Madison, Percival had been elected mayor of the town. 
As mayor, Percival relished his influence and all-knowing position of opinion. He had already signed into law several decrees aimed at preserving his office. A cunning man, he knew as long as Madison was happily at his side, he had the ear of the powerful and could instill fear in his enemies. Madison was his golden goose, but Percival was also a man in the most prehistoric sense. Though never caught acting upon his baser instincts, it was widely rumored he had a wandering eye. Bugs could add to that case, as he noticed the mayor taking note of several lovely ladies throughout the tavern that night. Madison simply sat at Percival’s side, waving a hand to friends, devoid of the knowledge her husband was mentally undressing other women at that very moment.
“Hey, Francis,” Bugs whispered to the nearby, newest Perfect, “even the mayor’s turned out for this one.”
Francis had been learning his role well, observing Timmy on stage at night and practicing with Master Wicketts during the day. He now helped the Perfects with prop duties and was aiding the cast in costuming and last minute adjustments. 
Francis passed the news down the line, informing Timmy and the rest that the crowd was full of life and brimming with the upper crust. The men were ready and eager, happy to once again step out on stage and delight the people of Upper Southrump. All of them could hear the introductions voiced by Gabriel Goldhand, and moments later, Bugs raised the curtain and another show began.
The performance was once again astounding. If even the slightest error in delivery had been uttered, no one was the wiser. The Perfects were just that good. A misstep was simply rolled into an improvisational moment that would seamlessly weave back to the plot’s unfolding. All of the actors had this ability, and all could captivate the audience with a single word or look. It was glorious and engrossing storytelling.
When the final bows were taken, the entire tavern shook with the loud reverberation of yet another standing ovation. It lasted for several minutes and was accompanied by quite a few roses tossed at the thespians’ feet upon the wooden dais. The Nursing Spirit had again garnered acclaim, and the Perfects themselves by intimate association.
After the show, many of the troupe mingled with the lingering crowd. Most of the people had headed home to their cottages or flats, but a few fans always stayed behind in hopes of gaining favor amongst the stars they so adored. They were welcomed to partake of the now customary after party, when the staff of the Rat’s Tail celebrated with the acting company over drinks and food. It was another evening celebration of success and relief. Many of the Perfect players flirted with the ladies, some simply enjoyed a late meal and swapped stories. Lancelot was always in the middle of another hair-brained gamble. On this evening, it was a bet concerning his ability to name every ship in Her Majesty’s Royal Navy, consuming a full measure of brew between each mention.
By the time he reached the H.M.S. Daedalus, he was spitting out names of jungle animals and random people from ancient history. Pantaloons erupted in a great belly laugh, spewing his liquor everywhere, as Lancelot firmly believed that the H.M.S. Jesus Christ had sailed the waters of Scotland a few years earlier. When others protested the claim, Lancelot answered by asserting his belief at a louder, more obnoxious tone until finally, he slouched over in his seat and passed out.
Timmy, Bugs and Francis sat at another table, offering their assessment of things in relation to that night’s performance.
“So Francis,” Timmy began, “I think you’re ready. Tomorrow night you star as Lily.”
Francis was excited by the news but received it coolly, not wanting to seem overly nervous or unprepared.
“I will do my best to do you justice, Timmy,” he replied.
“And you? You’re still intent on heading to that So-So play?” Bugs asked, already knowing the answer.
Timmy flashed his boyish grin. “I am. I can’t wait to see what they call a production in the Ill So-So world.”
“You can’t wait to see Genny,” Bugs corrected.
Timmy did not argue.
The three raised their cups and toasted to a fine night, and to the promise of another tomorrow.



=====

Chapter 7: A Hell of a Night

The evening was somewhat colder than last, and Timmy pulled his wool hood tight around him. While temperature was one thing, he figured it might be best not to draw any undue attention to himself while attending the The Trachiniae. John Smith had already made it known Timmy was not his favorite person, but just as important, and in contrast, many more people in Upper Southrump had grown fond of him. The concealment would help hide him from recognition in both respects.
The walk to the Halfwit was lengthy, but Timmy refused to travel by coach. His heart still begrudged the industry for what had transpired concerning William Mudd and his pig chariot endeavor. So he moved by boot heel. 
Passing by the Moors, he could see the barrel fires of the immigrant dwellings. While Sooty Stoops had its fair share of vagrants and lost souls, the Moors was also deluged with the less fortunate. Many travelers from all over the world had found the shores of Upper Southrump, each hoping this new land would offer opportunity their former was without. Some found fortune, but many more did not. It was in this shambled-shack, makeshift borough that they congregated and found shelter. 
Timmy watched as a mother herded her small children into a hut, prodding them along with a whisk-less broom. He saw a grimy, bearded man rummaging through a box of spoiled provisions left on the dock. The frenzied fellow fought off a pack of rats with the chewed leather sole of a lady’s shoe. Another pair of homeless vagabonds traded fists as a moldy chunk of crust lay on the pavement between them. All in all, it was quite the depressing sight, and it brought Timmy’s mind back to his time of struggle before the Perfects took flight. 
This spurred him to reach into his pocket and pull forth a handful of coins. While young Wicketts was by no means a king, he was much, much better off than he had been in the past. His success at the Rat’s Tail was paying dividends, so he took the coins and handed them to a stain-covered, apron-wearing mum standing by a pile of discarded linens. The woman thanked Timmy with all sincerity and handed a few shillings to her equally filthy little boy, instructing him to run off and buy bread and milk.
A few paces later, the original Perfect found himself in Shillings District. Many of the shops had closed for the night, their doors shut tight and signs hanging in their windows. But at the far end of the lane, there was subtle life. Light and conversation fell into the street from The Halfwit Theater. It was open and accepting patrons.
The old building had stood in Southrump for many years. It had been built as a theater from the start, and played host to numerous traveling shows over time. In recent years it had fallen into disrepair, but thanks to an infusion of investment money from a new owner, as well as a bit from John Smith himself, the entire facade had been redone. Large Greek columns held up a stately marble overhang adorned with classic low relief sculptures. Large posters depicting John Smith in full costume with The Trachiniae written above had been plastered against the pillars. An ornate marquee reading, THE ILLEGITIMATE SONS OF SOPHOCLES hung over all of it. 
Timmy approached the ticket booth and paid the required entrance fee. Entering the lobby area, he was surrounded by more of the same Greek-inspired design sense. He made his way into the main hall, a stadium-like presentation room with gradually descending seating ending at the focal point of the stage. Balconies lined the high sidewalls, and an orchestral section sat roped off closest to a huge, blue, velvet curtain. The entire structure had a charm all its own, and, in better times, with a packed house, may have made for quite the splendid location to witness a show.
Tonight though, the gallery was barely a quarter full. Despite having a designated seat on his ticket, Timmy could easily take his pick from any of a number of empty spots. He chose to sit mid-station, close enough to feel the performance, but far enough away he could remain in partial shadow. 
A man soon emerged from behind the curtain, carefully parting the azure tapestry. It was Leland, and Timmy slouched a bit lower in his seat so as to avoid eye contact. Leland welcomed the less-than-stellar turnout and set up the play with a brief introduction. He then walked off stage as the veil behind him slowly raised. 
There, lying in sorrow at center stage, was Genny. Thick curls of golden hair intertwined with a soft sheer scarf wrapped over a pristine white dress. It gave her the appearance of a rare lotus upon a still pool of crystal-clear water. Timmy was mesmerized at the sight of her. Genny began her monologue with a powerful, yet angelic, voice. Playing the role of Deianeira, she lamented her plight in life. Every word fell like melody in Timmy’s ear. Every graceful movement proved a ballet in Timmy’s eye. He absorbed it all, immediately storing it away as cherished memory. 
At many points, other actors would bumble their way onto the stage. Their appearance would shatter the illusion until Genny was called to the forefront once more. There was no greater distraction than the lifeless and monotone lines spoken by John Smith’s Hercules. Every moment with him on stage was like watching a goat try to knit a wool sweater, unintentionally comical and overly frustrating. On more than one occasion, someone would forget a line and stare blankly off into space until another actor uttered a cue and the show would continue. It was a horribly staccato pacing. But Genny was always there to bring the illusion back. She was a natural, and she was wonderful.
As the show concluded, the house was virtually empty. Many people had left, disgusted by the work’s sloppy and uninspired presentation. Timmy was among only a handful that remained, and for that reason, the cast bowed to an almost mocking spattering of claps. John Smith threw down his olive crown in disgust and stormed off stage. Leland and the rest followed in concert, with Genny trailing at the very end.
Overall, the Ill So-Sos proved true to their damning reputation. As a single actress, however, Genny shone wholly worthy of praise. She was lovely and magnificent, and Timmy was enthralled. He desperately wanted to speak to her, to find out what brought her to this point in her life. So as the few spectators filed out of the theater, Timmy ducked into a door near the stage. On the other side was a stairwell leading below the performance platform. Timmy descended and could hear muffled voices echoing among the dimly lit halls. He tread lightly and cautiously, moving between caveats of darkness. The voices were growing louder, and peering around a corner, the hidden Wicketts could see John Smith berating his fellow castmates.
“Horrible! An utter abomination!” Smith shouted. “Portly, can you please try to control your breathing up there?” he said, scolding the large fellow. “Your constant wheezing is like fingernails on granite. I can barely concentrate. And Leopold,” he continued turning toward the muscular man Timmy recalled from Smith’s last visit to the Rat’s Tail, “you have to work on your pro-nun-ci-a-tion. It sounds like you’re chewing marbles when you deliver your lines. I can’t carry all of you on my shoulders. You have to shine your blasted shoes, or this whole thing is shot. Damn it!”
Smith was furious. Genny leaned in and excused herself, informing Smith that she would be retiring to her dressing room to change out of her costume. Smith nodded his approval and walked off, further excoriating his co-actors as they followed like straw dolls, absorbing the endless abuse.
Timmy watched Genny entered a room not too far away. He could hear Smith’s ranting fade as the Ill So-So patriarch traveled further into the bowels of the theater. With his heart racing, Timmy made his move. Several long, swift strides brought him to Genny’s room, and he swung in as quickly as he could manage.
Genny was in the midst of removing her costume and was rightfully startled upon seeing this intruder now in her private quarters. As her mouth opened to unleash a frightful scream, Timmy removed his hood. The act of revelation quieted the starlet before she could utter the slightest shriek. The Perfect’s unique face was a dead giveaway as to his identity.
“Timmy!” Genny whispered with surprise. “How did you…”
Timmy wasted no time in bestowing his praise, “Genny, you were absolutely magnificent out there.”
Genny blushed and turned her head.
“Seriously,” the enamored Wicketts continued, “your skills on stage can only be rivaled by your timeless beauty.”
Now thoroughly embarrassed, Genny responded, “Timmy you say such kind things.”
“I only speak the truth, Genny.” 
Genny moved closer, looking fully upon Timmy’s face.
“It’s been so long. You look…older,” she stated while running a hand down his cheek.
“Older? Ha, that’s the first time I’ve ever heard that.” 
Genny’s touch was soft, as soft as he could recall from their days back at Vainville. He looked at her caring hand. Her wrist was red and bruised.
“Genny, what happened to your wrists?” he asked with utmost concern.
She pulled them quickly beneath the long sleeves of her robe and did not answer. Timmy could sense her drawing inward.
“Why are you here, Timmy?” the actress asked, hoping to change the subject.
“I read your review in The Ballyhoo. I had to see your performance for myself. I must say the written word struggles to capture your true charm.”
Genny’s lips provided a smile.
Timmy pressed further, a docket of questions in his mind.
“How did you come to be an actress, Genny? I thought you were destined to inherit your father’s importation business?”
Genny laid her sheer scarf overtop the shoulder of a headless mannequin. 
“John got me involved,” she answered.
That immediately led Timmy to a question of even more prominent ponderance in his mind.
“John Smith? I have to say, he does not strike me as someone a woman of your character would normally associate with.”
Timmy watched as Genny moved one hand overtop the hidden wrist of another. Her eyes cast a low glance and her face drew less vibrant. Wicketts could sense it was a touchy subject.
“John has done much for me,” Genny replied.
“But he seems like such a misfit, a first class toad of the slimiest order.” Timmy did not hold back his view.
Genny Jenkins once again looked Timmy Wicketts in the eye. Their gazes locked, and Timmy could feel his emotions for the woman stirring and bubbling to the surface like molten magma. 
“As you said, Timmy, you do speak the truth,” the lovely lass admitted with a serious tone.
Just then, the pair could hear voices approaching from outside the dressing room door. The audio was increasing in both volume and clarity.
“John and the rest are coming back!” Genny said with worry. “You have to go!”
She ushered Timmy toward the door as he once again drew his hood high.
“But Genny, I have to know. I have to know what happened. I have to know what you see in him,” he pleaded.
Pulling a key from her pocket, she slid it into Timmy’s grasp.
“Take this. It will let you into the theater. Come again, during the day, before our next show, and find your way to my room once more. Stow away here until I enter to dress for the next performance. I’ll come earlier, and we can talk once more. Now go!”
Genny opened her dressing room door and shoved Timmy out. He threw one last glance in her direction before bolting off into the shadows just as Smith and his posse rounded the corner.
Outside once more, Timmy clutched the key with elated vigor as he walked the night streets of Shillings District. Seeing Genny again added a skip to his step, and, despite the falling temperature, his energized heart gave him warmth.
Time passed quickly as he played back their dialogue and planned what he would say upon seeing her again. Before he knew it, he was back at the Rat’s Tail, entering to another boisterous Nursing Spirit post-performance party.
The men were gathered around, arms raised in salutation.
“To Francis Dinkyworth,” Bugs proclaimed, “a man of soft speech yet mighty performance. His portrayal of Lily tonight was spot-on and of sturdy delivery. Three cheers!”
Everyone roared thrice for Francis, honoring him for a job well done. Timmy snatched up a cup as well and joined in the praise while making his way over to Bugs and Francis.
“So it went well?” Timmy asked.
“It did,” Bugs answered, giving Francis a supportive nudge.
“It was exhilarating,” Francis commented. “I was so nervous backstage, but once I got out there, it just flowed. Before I knew it, the curtain was falling and the applause was exploding.”
“Great to hear, Francis,” Timmy said with relief.
“Yes, we had a share of people ask about you after the show,” Bugs said to his friend, “But otherwise, it couldn’t have gone smoother. How about you? How did the performance go? Did you see Genny?”
“The performance was rubbish. We needn’t worry about the Ill So-Sos gaining favor amongst the theatergoers of Sooty Stoops. Smith was a boorish hack. It was pathetic. But Genny,” Timmy’s voice grew kind, “she was angelic, highly-skilled and beautiful. After the show, I snuck into her dressing room. I had to know what transpired in her life to bring her to such a point. Before she could answer, Smith returned and I had to disappear into the night.”
Timmy then pulled the key from his pocket.
“But this will give me another chance to find out. Genny wants me to sneak back in before their next show so we can talk at greater length.”
“Again?” Bugs questioned with annoyance. “Why doesn’t she just meet you at another time? Maybe you two could sit and converse over a cup of tea.”
“It doesn’t appear to be an option. There’s something about John Smith that keeps Genny guarded, withdrawn. I need to find out what it is, and meeting her in her room is my only opportunity.”
Timmy then looked toward Francis. “You think you have another performance in you, Mr. Dinkyworth?”
“Assuredly, Master Wicketts,” his understudy replied with confidence.
“Then we shall plan the same.”
Happy it had been decided, Timmy threw his arms around his friends and led them to the bar for another round of brews. Bugs was less enthused.
Two nights later, Timmy made quick work of the journey to the Halfwit Theater. Neither The Royal Perfects nor The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles had performances the previous day, so his excitement in meeting Genny again had been building for many drawn-out hours. During that stretch, Wicketts tried his best to write and work on new story ideas, but his mind always drifted back to Ms. Jenkins. She was all he could think about.
With hood in place, Timmy walked into the shade of a side alley adjacent the theater. It was late afternoon and the cast of the Ill So-Sos would be preparing for that night’s show very soon. He needed to make his way to Genny’s room and hide before they appeared.
In the alley was a secondary entrance, less obvious than the main one, and a portal that Timmy prayed would be opened by Genny’s key. With the snap of a latch and the clink of a lock, the door popped ajar and the Bastard Babyface slid inside. The entrance had landed Timmy on the bottom floor of the building, just down the hall from Genny’s room. He hurried to her door and used the key again, smiling with success as it opened. After entering, he crept into a large blanket box and lowered the lid. All that was left was the wait.
Minutes later, Timmy began to hear voices and footsteps moving about outside the room. The So-Sos had arrived, and peeping through a knothole in the maple trunk, he could see the door handle turn and click. Genny walked in and immediately scanned the room for her expected visitor.
As she closed the door behind her, Timmy popped up from his hiding place like a human-sized, jack-in-the-box. He was boyishly buoyant and smiling.
“Timmy!” Genny shouted as quietly as she could muster. 
“I thought that was a cozy little spot,” the hidden friend stated.
“Smith and the rest are running through their lines. They’ll be busy for hours.” 
“That means we have more than enough time for you to enlighten me. Genny, please tell me how you and Smith came to be.”
Genny hadn’t told the tale in very long time. She had almost forced herself to forget how it even transpired. But there, with a sympathetic and willing ear thrust out before her, she released her chained memories and spoke of things long since locked away.
Taking a seat upon a lavishly upholstered armchair, Ms. Genevieve Jenkins revealed the details. As Timmy already knew, Genny had planned to help run her father’s importation business with an eye toward future ownership. She loved that type of work, dealing with people of foreign lands and valuing cultural treasures. It was exciting and interesting. Genny had learned much of the trade while working with her father between semesters at school. Her father gave her inside knowledge on the tactics of the deal and how to properly assess the authenticity of artifacts and artistic works, but he was steadfast in his insistence that she also obtain a formal education in related matters. During the summers, she learned a lot, alongside another apprentice by the name of John Smith. 
John was hired by Genny’s father to help part-time in the storeroom. Over the years, Mr. Jenkins had taught him much more, slowly promoting him to greater responsibility. After John graduated from the Upper Southrump Academy for Theater Arts, Genny’s father offered him a steady position as an assistant manager. John Smith’s passion was tied to the stage, but his common sense jumped at the opportunity. He accepted. 
Smith was only a few years older than Genny, and the two would travel about town between duties at the store. Once, over a lunch of lemon loaf and crumpets, John told Genny how he dreamed of becoming the greatest actor in the world. All he lacked were the funds needed for promotion. He said that while his job at the importation parlor paid fine, he had no desire to be her dad’s lackey for all eternity. He believed his fame and fortune was in the theater, and it was his birthright to claim. 
It was also at this time that he began making unwanted advances toward Genny. She had considered him a friend and nothing more. Her heart was tied to an unknowing boy from school. But when Smith’s attempts were repeatedly rejected, he became nasty toward her and even more resentful of Genny’s father. 
Shortly after Genny’s graduation, and the start of her full-time employment at the store, John Smith began to engage in shady dealings. Among other things, he started to shave shillings from the store records, pocketing them for himself. The height of his treachery was revealed when he presented a customer with an original sketch of The Wedding of the Virgin. Her father had procured it from a dealer in Italy and was selling it to a collector at a hefty profit. Smith was in charge of the exchange.
At first glance, nothing seemed to be amiss, until constables showed up at the parlor a couple weeks later with a warrant for Mr. Jenkins' arrest. He had been accused of forgery and underhanded business practices. The customer who had purchased the sketch had discovered it was not a real work of Raphael Sanzio. Mr. Jenkins pleaded his innocence, but to no avail. When pressed, John Smith revealed no knowledge of the fake’s origins, and stated that he was only doing as his employer told. 
Mr. Jenkins was prosecuted and imprisoned, and the store was closed and sold off. Genny had no other family and no other means. That’s when John extended her an offer. He planned on starting an acting company called The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles and hoped that Genny would join him. He had saved and, as Genny later came to discover, stolen enough money to get the venture started, and he knew that more capital was to come once it was off the ground. Without another plan, a naïve Genny agreed. 
One evening, while sitting in Smith’s flat, the two shared ideas on what the new troupe would perform. At one point, the sly Smith excused himself. Genny kept occupied by perusing his domicile. On the bookshelf, she noticed a tome containing the Theban plays. She pulled it down, and much to her surprise, an old sheet of parchment fell from its pages. When she picked it up, she was aghast. It was the original Raphael sketch, the true and authentic version. Before she could say a word, Smith clutched her by the wrist. Twisting her about, he snatched the drawing away with a white-gloved hand and tossed Genny to the sofa.
The criminal then revealed his dastardly deeds. He readily admitted he had been stealing money from the store and was using it to pay an associate in exchange for wonderful forgeries. Smith took purchased pieces of art from the acquired collections, had duplicates made, and then sold the duplicates to customers while keeping the originals for himself. Later, he hawked the authentic pieces on the black market for a hefty return. He planned to do the same with the Raphael sketch, all in an effort to fund his up-and-coming theater company. 
Genny was horrified. Smith’s selfishness had cost her father’s freedom. She threatened to take the case to the authorities. Smith laughed. Dangling the sketch between two gloved fingers, he mentioned that his bare fingerprints had never touched the paper, nor any other work, but Genny’s now had.
A case could easily be made that she was the thief, not himself, and if dusted by investigators, the proof would be made evident. He further threatened that if Genny wanted to test the theory, he had made several devious and deceitful contacts in the black market that in turn had connections to villainy currently imprisoned alongside Genny’s father. If he was so motivated, he could contract a vicious assault, and Genny’s father’s incarceration would easily become a death sentence.
Genny was without words. Smith’s threats held her captive. From that moment on, she did whatever he asked. She performed in his plays, was his womanly escort everywhere, and was herself sentenced to a life of indentured servitude. Smith was so paranoid and possessive that he had a painful habit of dragging and yanking Genny everywhere by the wrists. When she was forced to sleep next to him at night, he bound their arms together with handcuffs. This was the cause of the constant reddening and bruising on her lower forearms. Only when she was left to her private dressing room did Smith leave her side.
Timmy desperately tried to digest the woeful account. It was unfathomable that a woman as tender as Genny could be forced to endure such circumstances. His mind searched for a solution, but Genny spoke before he could rationalize one.
“Timmy, you mustn’t say a word to anyone,” Genny beseeched. “If you did, and rumor got out, Smith would undoubtedly think I had something to do with it. He would spare little time in condemning my father.” 
Genny began to weep. Confiding in someone had helped relieve a modicum of the stress she had harbored, but retelling the tale brought the whole nightmare back to the forefront. In recent times, she had almost convinced herself the relationship with Smith was for the best. He was providing her all that she needed—a home, food and clothing. His polluted wealth even afforded her luxuries. But now, sitting there with Timmy, she knew it was a terrible sham of a life.
Timmy leaned in and embraced Genny. She hugged back with emotion, sobbing as her grip around him tightened. The moment then shattered into a million slivers of glass. The dressing room door swung open and John Smith stood in the entrance.
“Genny,” he said, not looking directly at her at first, “I was wondering if tonight…”
Smith’s words abruptly ended. He was now glaring with anger at Genny and Timmy. With haste and great dander up he called out to his brothers, yelling, “Sons! Sons!”
Within seconds, the lot had arrived at his side. The menacing gang slowly entered the room, Smith red-faced and salivating at the forefront.
“Timmy Wicketts, you cunning cur! You thought you may lure away our cherub; convince her to join your detestable Perfects? You are a fool! I told you to keep your distance, but you apparently scoff at my words. That is a mistake you shall never make again!”
Smith snapped his fingers in the direction of Leopold, his well-built kinsmen.
The brawny man lumbered forward. The room was crowded and small, and Smith and his boys stood firmly between Timmy and the only exit. The nervous Wicketts stepped right and left as Leopold matched his evasive moves. He then took a misstep, and Leopold grabbed him by the lapel and yanked him into a crushing body blow. Timmy fell like a rock. The shot had stolen his wind.
He could say nothing as the hyenas pounced. The whole gang unleashed hell upon Timmy, kicking and punching with furious damnation. It was the early days of Vainville all over again.
Timmy could hear Genny’s voice in the background imploring them to stop. Smith’s words shouted her down as Leland held her at bay. More strikes landed heavy. More boot heels found soft flesh. Young Timmy Wicketts’ world went black.
Meanwhile, Bugs and the other Perfects had wrapped up another fine performance. Francis once again proved fully adequate, if not exceptional, on stage. The rest had done their parts to precise effect, and the audience had branded the night another success.
The after-party was as jovial as any, but as the night wore thin, Bugs wondered where Timmy was. It was growing later by the moment, and Timmy had promised he would not miss the post-show festivities. On the other hand, Bugs reasoned, Timmy was a big boy, a man who survived on the streets for months. There was no need to worry about it.
The next morning however, Bugs did worry, and now to an even greater degree. Timmy was still nowhere to be found. Bugs asked the other members if anyone had seen or heard from their friend, and not a single one had. With panic creeping into his mind, he decided they must search Upper Southrump until they found him. This was unlike Wicketts, and Bugs could no longer fight off his dreadful feelings. 
The squad divided into several pairs, each tasked to search a different neighborhood of Southrump. They headed out with determination and the understanding that they would meet back at the Rat’s Tail by noon.
Upper Southrump was a city that had grown like a vine. There was little to no order in its sprawling layout. Shoots simply branched off and twisted their own paths through homes and businesses. It made for quite the labyrinth of cobblestone and hidden nooks, taking much time to search thoroughly.
Brock and Pantaloons were given the Moors to comb. With boats and vessels lining the port, Timmy could have conceivably been in the hull of any of them. It was a daunting and difficult proposition to gain entrance to many of the ships. Some captains were none too eager to expose their valuable, or questionable, cargo to men they did not know. Pantaloons, having experience in the matter, talked his way aboard many, but the result yielded no Wicketts. It was slow going.
In Shillings, Bugs and Smirks went store-to-store inquiring about Timmy. They carried along a portrait of the boy-faced man and did their best to speak to everyone they passed. Shillings being Shillings, there was quite a lot of people to ask, but not a single soul could swear to have seen Timmy.
Romeo perused the Central District. He had been there many times before, visiting the wealthy lady clients of his past. He had connections and used them, but to little effect. There was not a lead in all of Central.
Finally, Francis, flanked by Lancelot, rummaged through the trash and congestion of Sooty Stoops. The area had more hidden alleys than any other part of town. It also had an abundance of homeless. While many lacked all their faculties, they spent a lot of time out in the weather. If Timmy had passed through at some point, someone may have witnessed it. Unfortunately, that theory was not producing results. Many knew of Timmy, but none could attest to his whereabouts. 
Francis and Lancelot were at a loss. Walking by Squatters Row, they eyed the vagabonds lining the sides of the road, making sure to stop and inquire with each one. At one spot, they came upon a heap of a hobo with a wool blanket lying overtop his slumbering frame.
“Sir?” Francis asked in his high-pitched tone. “Excuse me, Sir?”
The man did not move.
“Hey, buddy,” Lancelot shouted with greater conviction, “we’re looking for a friend.”
Again, the miscreant was motionless.
The pair looked at one another in frustration. Lancelot then reached down and drew back the blanket with annoyance.
There, severely beaten and bruised, was Timmy Wicketts. His face was swollen and purple, his arms limp and lifeless. Except for the shallow breath passing from his cracked and bleeding mouth, one might mistake him for a week-old corpse.
Francis and Lancelot wasted little time. They quickly constructed a makeshift gurney from a few discarded boards and the wool blanket. Then, with the speed of Mercury, they raced off to the infirmary. Francis helped the nurses and doctors get Timmy into a bed while they took note of his condition and prepared treatments. Lancelot raced back to the Rat’s Tail to await the rest of the group and inform them of the situation.
Biting his nails, Lancelot conveyed the message to each Perfect pair as they returned to the tavern. The last to arrive were Bugs and Smirks.
“He was beaten pretty badly,” Lancelot told Bugs as the rest of the men stood by with concern. “I’m not sure what will happen now.”
 Bugs grit his teeth. A vile anger was seething in his belly. It was palpable and bitter, like the dead taste of burnt meat. He paced back and forth as the rage built inside him.
“It was that damn degenerate Smith!” he shouted. “I know it was! He planned it all along!”
Several of the Perfects were at a loss, unsure of what plan Bugs was referring to.
The maddened Harrington continued. “Okay, someone’s going to need to tell Goldhand our show will be postponed.”
Lancelot accepted the duty. Bugs then snatched up his coat and headed for the door.
“The rest of you, head on over to the infirmary and see if you can make use of yourselves. I’m going to pay the Ill So-Sos a little visit.”
“I’m coming with you,” Brock insisted, stashing a bottle of vodka in his satchel.
As the Perfects split up, Brock and Bugs hailed a carriage. No words were spoken between them. Brock simply uncorked the liquor and the pair traded guzzles.
By the time they reached the Halfwit, the bottle was empty. Bugs leapt from the coach as Brock tossed the driver some coin. The theater was not open to the public yet, but Bugs would not be denied, banging forcefully upon the main doors. When no one answered, he grabbed a nearby cinder block that had been discarded by the roadside and slammed the thick slab off the locked entrance. It chipped the varnish and splintered the wood. He then raised it overhead and drove it with anger into the bronze door handle. The whole mechanism bent and cracked, falling to the ground as the door swung open.
Bugs rushed inside, Brock shoulder to shoulder with him. They burst into the main stage area throwing the doors asunder. The impact echoed like thunder throughout the hall. At that moment, the Ill So-Sos were on stage running through rehearsal. The sudden, violent appearance of Brock and Bugs brought an immediate halt to that.
“Smith!” Bugs shouted with rage. “We know what you did!”
Smith played the fool. Smiling like a demon, he replied, “Mr. Harrington, I have no idea what you are referring to.”
This only served to anger Bugs more.
“I know it was you and your clowns that attacked Timmy! You bastards knew you couldn’t compete with him on stage, so you tried to best him through brutality! You even used that harlequin Genny to lure him in!” Bugs continued to shout and spit while pointing toward the woman in question.
Genny looked away, tears welling in her eyes.
“Mr. Harrington, you have quite the nerve coming here, damaging my theater, and spewing that unfounded filth,” a smug Smith replied.
“Quite the nerve!” Bugs shouted as he lunged toward the stage.
Smith took a step back as Leopold, Portly, Leland, and Thomas Tinderbox readied for a fight. Brock, despite his pugilistic past, knew when the numbers weren’t right, and he grabbed a hold of the storming Bugs.
“That’s right, Mr. Bullsock, be the man of reason,” Smith cockily stated. “Save your misguided friend a beating even greater than that served to Mr. Wicketts.”
Bugs shouted uncontrollable obscenities upon hearing Smith’s coy admission. He was never as rabid as he was at that moment. Brock struggled to hold him back, but eventually, his larger mass won out. The liquor-fueled Bugs began to lose his steam, and Brock slowly pulled him away, back toward the theater entrance. 
“Another time. Another time,” Brock whispered to his enraged ally.
Eventually, several rows of seating away from the stage, Bugs regained some of his composure. Brock eased his grip and the two Perfects slowly headed toward the exit. That’s when Bugs laid down the gauntlet. It was a point of pure emotion and one of absolute no return.
Yelling toward the stage, Bugs shouted, “John Smith, I challenge you to a duel!”
Smith’s face went blank as his peons looked on in shock.
Dueling was still an acceptable and time-honored tradition of conflict resolution in Upper Southrump, and once the proposition was laid out, there were only two options. Either the indicted had to accept the duel without hesitation, or they would be forced to admit their fault and be subject to all rules of law pertaining to such crime. 
Smith knew this, and responded with an unwavering voice. “I accept. Pistols at dawn.”
The choice of weapon was at the whim of the accused.
“The Greens then,” Bugs replied, stating the chosen location of the duel, as was custom.
An exchange of glaring hatred was shared between the adversaries and nothing more was said. Bugs turned with a resolute mind and walked away as Brock followed. Outside the theater, Brock’s concern became apparent.
“Bugs, a duel? What are you thinking?” the ex-boxer questioned with worry.
“Something had to be done, Brock. If Smith were allowed to get away with this, there’d be no limit to the schemes he could employ at the peril of the Perfects. It had to be this way.” 
“You’re liquored and mad, Bugs. Your tongue spoke before your mind could answer. There has to be another way,” Brock insisted.
Bugs knew that once a duel had been set, there was no turning back. He fully accepted that the wheel of fate was now in motion.
“I know what I’m doing,” the staunch Perfect affirmed.
Soon it was evening, and Bugs sat upon a stool at the edge of Timmy’s hospital bed. The room was drab and fittingly sterile. The setting sun cast a fading light upon Timmy’s bandaged head and face. The Ill So-Sos had done quite a number on Wicketts. He was sleeping soundly in a drug-induced state of rest. 
The Perfects had been taking turns standing watch over their battered friend. Smirks was there. He was on duty for the previous hour and was filling Bugs in on what the doctors had said.
“They aren’t sure what will happen. The doctors told us Timmy suffered some broken bones and internal injuries. Their main concern is the head trauma. With the swelling, they just can’t evaluate the extent. The one thing working in Timmy’s favor is his madidus facies.”
Bugs shot his pal an odd glance, unsure of what he was referring to.
Seeing Bugs’ confusion, Smirks clarified. “His soft face, you know the disease that makes him look so young? Apparently, it also gives his flesh significantly higher elasticity and an improved ability to heal. It’s quite remarkable how the doctor explained it.”
The news cushioned the grim medical assessment somewhat, adding a dose of optimism to the unfortunate situation. With any luck, Timmy would pull through just fine and Bugs was only hours away from ending the entire ordeal permanently. By the conclusion of all events, things may actually turn out for the better, or so Harrington hoped. Smirks bid his friends goodbye and left his post. 
Moments later, Timmy groaned and turned his head, at which Bugs shuffled his stool closer to the patient’s side. Wicketts was stirring, struggling with consciousness. 
“Timmy,” Bugs whispered, “Timmy.”
Timmy only moaned between labored breaths.
“Timmy, what happened? Smith did this, didn’t he?”
Timmy’s eyes opened briefly, and he smiled upon seeing the blurry, yet familiar vision of Bugs’ face.
“Yessss,” Timmy uttered softly.
“I knew it,” Bugs growled with relief, having already taken the extreme action he did earlier in the day. “That harpy Genny lured you there. It was all a setup.”
Before Timmy could spit out another word, he was taken once more by sleep. The short conversation provided Bugs all the validity he needed. He sat back on the stool and crossed his arms. Things had indeed spiraled to a point he could never have imagined. It was a twisting string of events that seemed to follow an increasingly perilous path. 
Tomorrow morning, as the sun devoured the morning fog, Bugs would hold his very life to the test. His mind began to play reels of his past, images and scenes of love and hate. Stories of fond memory and broken dreams read like a play, and it was all performed on the stage of his inner psyche.
He could see his father first showing him how to seal a jam jar tight and sturdy, and he heard the words of his mother begging him good fortune on his trip across the sea. He saw the dirty faces of fellow beggars, their toothless frowns shouting nasty words as he tried to make his way on the streets of Upper Southrump.
Then there was the recollection of all the fun and frivolity these past few months had brought, the great times shared under the moniker of Perfect. It was an interesting tapestry Bugs Harrington had woven, and God willing, tomorrow would not see the final stitch.



=====

Chapter 8: Addition Through Subtraction

Both a botanical garden and a public park, the Greens was a beautiful stretch of landscape in the Central District of Upper Southrump. Vast beds of brightly colored flowers lined long lanes of meticulously tended grass. There were fountains and streams, cedar benches and immaculate white gazebos. The entire area encompassed acres, and it could easily have been mistaken for the Garden of Eden. 
It was also a wonderful place to die. So was the opinion of Bugs Harrington, for in mere moments, one man would breathe his last among the aromatic breezes of the Greens. Dawn was fast approaching. The sun had already splintered the sky, illuminating clouds and painting the heavens with a myriad of pastel hues.
Bugs stood firmly upon the crushed, gravel-paved path at the center of the gardens. Brock was beside him, accepting the designation as Bugs’ assistant. It was his duty to inspect the arms, assess the proper execution of customs, and formally verify the outcome of the duel. Leland held similar responsibility on John Smith’s side of things, and it was the brown derby-wearing lad that Bugs first saw approach from across the way. 
Smith’s protégé broke through the veil of rising mist. He was carrying an ornately decorated brass case. John Smith appeared behind him, wearing his long, black coat overtop a handsomely tailored suit. When close enough, Bugs could see Smith had a fresh haircut and waxed mustache. The thought had never occurred to Bugs. If he should die that very day, his likeness would, at that moment, freeze for all eternity. His death certificate would bear a picture of his recently unkempt beard, and more than likely, he would be buried in the modest fashions he currently wore.
“Good day, Mr. Harrington,” Smith politely greeted. There was not an air of worry in his words.
“And to you, Smith,” was Bugs’ cold reply.
Leland unlatched the lid of the brass case. Inside its red velvet interior were two pistols. They were classic Wogdon and Barton, flintlock style, single-shot arms. Each had matching, etched ivory handles and gilded gold firing pins, with guards covered in intricate floral patterns. It struck Bugs as odd that something so gorgeously crafted was designed for such a hardened task. 
“Upon your examination,” Leland said, offering the arms to Bugs and Brock. 
The pair pulled forth both weapons and examined them completely in order to find any defects or evidence of tampering. Many a careless duelist had met his end because he had not thoroughly inspected the chosen weapon beforehand. It was not unheard of that the supplier would try to tamper with the guns in order to gain an advantage. After seeing no fault in the pistols, Bugs kept hold of one and handed Smith the other. He accepted with an unblinking stare.
The same process was conferred upon the bullets and powder, which passed all tests. Bugs and Smith loaded their guns in proper manner. They handed them to their seconds to give the setups one more look. Not a single facet was found amiss.
“Gentlemen, back-to-back at the center of the lane,” Brock instructed. “Upon the mark, ten even paces aside, counted loud from both parties. Upon the tenth, turn and fire.”
It was an easy enough process to grasp, even in a heightened state of anxiety. As the sun bore bright on the new day, the time had come. Brock and Leland escorted their men to the starting position. They aligned them properly and stepped out of range.
Bugs could feel Smith’s shoulders against the back of his neck. There was no shake, no quiver at all. Smith was a bit taller than Bugs, and the Perfect hoped the minor difference might actually cause Smith to shoot high, missing his target. Birds were starting to sing their daybreak melodies.
“Begin!” Brock shouted clearly and with serious intent.
“One!” the duelists simultaneously echoed.
“Two!” The crushing sound of stone met their step.
“Three!” Hammers were drawn back with a foreboding click.
“Four!” 
“Five!”
“Six!”
“Seven!” Bugs could hear Smith’s call growing fainter.
“Eight!”
“Nine!”
And with a final, grave-bound step, “Ten!”
Both men turned and fired. A loud bang was sent careening into the clouds as birds, whom had seconds ago been singing with joy, took to fearful flight, squawking their distress.
A moment later, there was a heavy thud upon the ground stone of the path. Bugs dropped to his knees and keeled over to his side, lifeless and stiff. Brock rushed to his side. Smith and Leland looked on with pleasure as Mr. Bullsock checked the vitals of his fallen friend. The victim was now laying flat upon his back, his chest did not move. Brock slowly passed his fingers over Bugs’ eyes, closing them gently. He then placed his own head in his hands and began to weep. Bugs Harrington was dead.
“I will say this,” a gleeful Smith offered, “he died a perfect death.”
Leland and the vile John Smith shared a effusive laugh as they walked away with a complete sense of satisfaction, twirling their hats and whistling a gay tune.
Brock did not even pay the comment a moment’s mind. He was just devastated. He unrolled a purple blanket and placed it lovingly over his deceased kinsman’s body. With Timmy near death, and Bugs now embraced by it, the dream was finished. The Royal Perfects would pass into history with but a final, failing whimper.
The next day’s Ballyhoo said it all, BUGS HARRINGTON DEAD: ROYAL PERFECTS TO END. It was simple and accurate. The two founding members were no longer capable of fanning the flames of Perfect passion. In their time, they had grown a large and loving fan base, and now that fan base was at a loss. They no longer had their icons of idolization. It was a sad day for many in Upper Southrump. 
The Ballyhoo article also laid out arrangements for a public farewell viewing at Bugs’ funeral. In three days’ time, the remaining members of the troupe would march alongside an extinct Harrington, lying upon a wagon bed, as he was transported from the Rat’s Tail Tavern to his final resting place at Seppler Cemetery and Moratorium. Admirers of his work were welcome to line the procession route and gather at the burial plot to pay their respects.
John Smith wasted no time leveraging Bugs Harrington’s death for his personal gain. Right below the heartfelt article was an ad placed by The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles. It stated that, with great sadness, they now offered their entertainment services as a more-than-suitable replacement for Royal Perfect productions, and that their shows would mend even the most grief-stricken of hearts. Furthermore, they truly believed that anyone who sought out their plays would find them to be of even greater acclaim than those of the mourned.
The days leading up to the funeral were ones of despair amongst the Perfects. It was hard to focus on anything besides the gravity of their plight. Gabriel Goldhand reluctantly informed the men that he was canceling all upcoming shows until a suitable strategy presented itself. He was just as much at a loss as everyone else. 
Gifts and flowers piled up outside the Rat’s Tail doors. There were keepsakes and letters of lamenting written by dozens of fans. By the third day, the number of tokens had reached hundreds. Bugs had touched a lot of lives in his brief moment in the spotlight.
It was the day of the procession. All of the Perfects were cloaked in dark robes, heads hanging low as the wagon containing their dead thespian ally rolled slowly up Shuttlecock Lane. The public turnout was staggering. Crowds, three men deep, lined the road all the way to the cemetery. They were full of weeping fans and crying neighbors, almost all waving portraits of Bugs in either photographic or hand-drawn form. It was a united moment of shared sorrow. As the wagon passed, people tossed flowers upon the hearse. Petals soon littered the way. It was as if Caesar himself had died.
Following a few yards behind the caravan were the So-Sos’ Leland and Leopold. Smith had ordered them to lie back, and after the Perfects had moved by, to hand out fliers to everyone gathered in the streets. It was an excellent opportunity to get their company’s name in front of a larger, captivated audience.
The fliers promoted the Sons’ The Trachiniae performance at the Halfwit, with a promise of a show like no other. It was a distasteful tactic. Smith knew no other.
By the time the Perfects arrived at the Seppler Cemetery and Moratorium, the crowd was enormous. People had come from all over, and many crammed into the iron-gated parcel of earth. Some even sat perched upon tombstones in order to get a better view. A stanchion had been erected near Bugs’ six-foot deep plot. His final resting place had been prepared. Brock and Pantaloons lifted his corpse from the wagon and carried it on a stretcher up a few stairs and then placed it gently at the front of the platform for all to see.
Behind the body stood a podium, and on either side were large oil paintings of Bugs in all his smiling glory. The Perfects stood in a line at the back of the wooden terrace as Gabriel Goldhand approached the lectern.
“Friends,” he said, his voice quivering just a bit, “we are gathered here today to pay homage to a man who has brought joy into many of our lives. Bugs Harrington was a master actor and wonderful comedian. His skills as a playwright were of highest regard. If his dear friend Timmy Wicketts could be here today, he could attest to the fact that there was no man more loyal—and loving—than Bugs Harrington.”
Goldhand pulled a handkerchief from his shirt pocket and dabbed away the large tears that had begun to spring forth from his watering eyes. He then stepped back from the podium and took his place alongside the line of Perfects. 
John Ladyfist removed his cloak hood and moved forward to address the people. “Bugs was a dear friend and kind soul. He brought laughter and guidance to his fellow actors and was never short on compliments. He made each one of us better performers and better men, and for that, we are all eternally grateful.” John then bowed his head and retreated back to his spot in line.
The third man to speak was Brock Bullsock. Brock and Bugs had become close over the past few weeks. It was hard for him to talk about his friend’s passing, having witnessed the end in person, but his heart compelled him to say a few words.
“Bugs Harrington was everything a man should be. He was honest and brave, humorous and bold. He was always willing to lend an ear or a hand, and he never thought himself better than another. Bugs was the type of person so many of us strive to be. Above all else, he was a gifted actor of unparalleled potential. Shakespeare once said that the melodic verse of a fine actor, recanting the words of a master playwright, could stir even the heart of the dead. I wish, with all the hope in my heart, that William’s words be true, for I can see no more fitting an end than a passage stated in Bugs’ and Timmy’s play The Grapel Duke's Burnt Straw Knickers, ‘I have met a man of extraordinary mind, and in his antics I find inspiration and a true zeal for life.’”
With those poignant words, the dead Bugs Harrington sprung to life, leaping to his feet with a grandiose cheer. The people let out a collective gasp as the rest of the Perfects tore off their black robe coverings and celebrated their friend’s miraculous rejuvenation.
They cheered and hugged. Goldhand didn’t know what to think. He clutched his lapel in complete shock. The crowd was dead silent for a moment. This was the first and only time any of them had seen a man actually rise from the grave. Watching the Perfects frolic about like fools, many in the audience began to clap. The clapping turned to laughing, and the laughing spread like a contagious sickness. A moment ago, the assembly could not have been more dire. Now, it had the air of a massive street festival.
Bugs took to the podium.
“Thank you. Thank you. Thank you,” he gushed. “You have all just borne free witness to another Royal Perfect production, The Death of Bugs Harrington!”
The crowd cheered, now fully realizing this was but another wonderfully crafted and expertly performed work of theater.
“You see, John Smith couldn’t even muster the skill necessary to kill me when given more than ample opportunity. Why would anyone trust the same incompetent troll to provide them a show that had even the least bit of redeeming value? You can’t, and you shouldn’t! Everyone knows where the true showmanship lies, it’s perfectly obvious!”
Bugs danced a jig as people began tearing their Ill So-So fliers to ribbons, tossing them aside in disgust.
“If you’re looking for unmatched, unrelenting, unpredictable entertainment, look no further than…The Royal Perfects!” Bugs shouted as the troupe lined up and bowed in a coordinated effort.
The entire spectacle was without question one of the most elaborate and effective forms of entertainment and promotion ever devised, and by the looks of the clamoring crowd, Bugs knew he had done his job. And done it well.
As most of the Perfects celebrated the execution of another great show at the Rat’s Tail, drinking and joking as happily as ever, the star of the The Death of Bugs Harrington was at the hospital sharing in an equally well-kept and surprising secret.
Timmy Wicketts was doing exceedingly better. He was still bandaged heavily and mending many injuries, but he was fully coherent and capable of eating and moving, to some degree.
Bugs had laid low for the past several days, for obvious reasons. He wasn’t able to visit Timmy or reveal his elaborate plan. Wicketts was kept pretty much in the dark, with the Perfects wanting their friend to concern himself only with getting better. So when Bugs entered the recovery room that day and saw his comrade sitting in bed and writing upon a pad of paper, his heart was overjoyed.
“Timmy!” Bugs shouted, walking over with a grin as wide as the Nile.
Timmy’s eyes lit up with happiness. “Bugs, you wonderful bum,” the Perfect patient replied in good spirits. “Where the heck have you been? I’ve seen Brock, Smirks, even Lancelot’s been by a few times. I inquired about you, and they all said you were very busy, holding down The Royal Perfect fort.”
Bugs couldn’t help but crack a devilish smile. He handed Timmy a copy of a three-day old Ballyhoo. The newspaper headline read, BUGS HARRINGTON DEAD: ROYAL PERFECTS TO END. Timmy took one look at the bold-faced line and another at Bugs. He was confused and quickly began to read, hoping to be enlightened. Finishing the last paragraph, he calmly folded the paper and set it upon a nightstand next to his bed.
“Okay, either I’m staring at the healthiest looking cadaver to ever creep out of the grave, or my last dose of morphine was a double and I’m currently hallucinating.”
Laughing, Bugs pulled up a chair and took a seat. He told Timmy the whole, wondrous series of events. He explained that the first night he came to see Timmy in the hospital, he got to thinking about his foolish challenge to John Smith. What would come of it? Either he would kill Smith, and the bumbling actor would gain more recognition in death than he had ever garnered on the stage, or he himself would die, due largely to his own blind rage. Neither was a pleasing outcome. Still, he wanted Smith to suffer for what he had done, but he reasoned that there was no greater agony for the man than to be outperformed and outwitted. That’s when he devised the plan to fake his own death.
With the help of Brock and the rest of their cast mates, he would take a bullet and then lie low. A large iron plate would be sewn under his shirt prior to the duel, and praying Smith’s aim to be true, the ball would strike the hidden shield.
Bugs then pulled the plate in question from his satchel. Buried in the metal was a musket, half piercing a path to Bugs’ heart. It was a close call, but the device worked, as did the ploy. 
The wily Harrington then told Timmy how the fake funeral played out earlier in the day. He told of the hordes of people who turned out and how, upon the great reveal, they were overcome with surprise and astonishment. Bugs had feared the idea may backfire, and the fans would harbor ill will over the deception. But, based on the crowd’s ovation, that was not the case. The people loved it.
Timmy couldn’t believe the story. It was pure genius and quite the amazing feat. He congratulated Bugs on an expert enactment, laughing as hard as he could without bursting his stitches. 
“But,” Bugs continued, “that’s not all. After the show, Mr. Goldhand sat me down. He was still straining to gain his breath after the scare we had all put him through, but he could not argue the result. After seeing how successful The Nursing Spirit was and then this crazy Death of Bugs Harrington skit, he proposed that The Royal Perfects take things to yet another level. The money we were bringing in has allowed him to expand his enterprise into other taverns around town, and he had purchased a few more. He wants The Royal Perfects to travel to different venues, put on different shows. He wants us to expose our cherished creativity to a wider, more diverse audience. We could perform whatever we wanted, and he would get us whatever we needed. Mr. Goldhand even suggested that we hire another man, a business manager. He promised that if we could come up with plays that were even half as good as the ones we already had, we’d make money hand-over-fist. Having someone to manage it would be a wise investment.”
The thought of it all gave life to many new ideas in Timmy’s mind. He was so excited and eager to get to work that he could barely contain himself.
“Look Bugs. I had this idea for another play, and I’ve worked out more details concerning that one about the hairdresser. It’s pretty much done,” Timmy said with childish spirit while handing Bugs the paper on which he has been writing.
“So, you think it’s a good idea?” Bugs asked, already knowing the answer.
“Without question, let’s do it,” Timmy replied while carefully clapping his weary hands. “You can use my notes to start getting things going.”
Bugs grabbed his belongings and stood. “Good then, I’ll go tell Goldhand. I’ll also ask the boys if they know of anyone who could make a good coin and papers man. You sit tight and rest. You’ll need all your energy.”
“Hey, what about Mr. Goldhand? Doesn’t he want to be manager?” Timmy asked.
“He said he’d be too busy running the other tavern business.”
“Crushed crackers. Okay, but remember our rule. Any Perfect must have the ability and willingness to take on many different duties. You never know when our business manager may be needed to fill a part on stage.”
“Don’t worry, Timmy, I’ll take care of it,” Bugs assured. “And oh yeah, if we’re going to do this, you have to promise me one thing. We’ll need your undivided attention and focus, so forget about that girl, Genny. She’s the reason you’re lying in that bed right now.”
Timmy knew that wasn’t the case. He knew in his heart that Genny had nothing to do with it. He also knew he could never tell Bugs the entire story, that is, until he could figure out what to do about it.
Genny was a caged bird, a prisoner on constant public display. It was a ruthless existence, and Timmy desperately wanted to help her. He just didn’t know how to do it without Smith’s evil retribution being called into action. Had Bugs killed Smith, Genny would have been freed, but her father would still be rotting away in jail. It was a half-pleasing method worth considering, but only for a moment. Timmy could never murder anyone. It just wasn’t in his blood. There must be another way, one he had not yet contemplated. But for the time being, he would pacify his closest chum.
“Okay Bugs, I’ll forget her,” Wicketts said with a straight face. Truth was, he was incapable of such a thing.



=====

Chapter 9: Building Momentum

Gabriel Goldhand set the ball in motion shortly after hearing The Royal Perfects’ wholehearted acceptance of his offer. Everyone was on board and excited, so work began on sprucing up the other taverns Gabriel now owned around town and preparing them for stage shows.
In addition to the original Rat’s Tail, there was another dining hall called the Thumbtack Pub over in Shillings. It was a smaller place, but still big enough to hold a performance. The Emerald Cat was also a new acquisition in that neighborhood. Then there was the Rusty Pelican in the Moors District and the Monkey King’s Crown, a rather posh establishment in Central District. Goldhand hoped that he could pack the Monkey King’s Crown with the most prestigious members of high society, many of whom lived nearby.
A mighty publicity push was also thrust upon the public. The Royal Perfects had already forged a strong reputation, but The Death of Bugs Harrington had elevated it to another level. With the announcement of even greater exposure, there wasn’t a man, woman, or child in all of Upper Southrump who didn’t recognize the Perfect name. The potential for great fortune lay just beyond the horizon, so in preparation, Bugs, Romeo and the others sat down to interview would-be managers.
The business world had been in constant upheaval. Things were changing at a breakneck pace. Newer jobs born out of innovation were replacing industries that had stood for decades. Because of this, there was no shortage of people looking for work.
Among the interviewees were several fellows, nicely dressed, but clearly having no true experience. They were men who had been in occupations far from what the job called for, but they were desperate to land anything. There were also some others who may have possessed the insight and education for the position, but, as Bugs considered with every prospect, they lacked that intangible Perfect quality that would make them an excellent fit.
It was a long process and hadn’t yielded anyone who met the traits for which they were searching. Bugs had decided to see one more candidate before postponing the search, and that last gentlemen was Sir Snoots McGee. 
Sir Snoots walked into the tavern and surveyed the scene, holding his chin high all the while. He calmly approached the table, where a panel of Perfects were sitting. He glanced down the line without revealing even the slightest expression, then looked at the wooden chair upon which he was to sit. It was old and beat-up, and Snoots scoffed at its appearance before taking a white handkerchief from his pocket and thoroughly dusting each and every surface that might come in contact with his person. Bugs looked to his right and left as his fellow actors fought back giggles. Lancelot rolled his eyes.
“Well, Mr. McGee…” Bugs began.
Sir Snoots interrupted, waving a finger in correction. “It’s Sir, Mr. Harrington.”
Bugs shook his head, trying to knock away his surprise at being so abruptly corrected by a man who was hoping to land a job. “Oh, my apologies,” he offered sarcastically, “Sir Snoots McGee, could you please tell us a little about yourself?”
The well-dressed man seemed almost annoyed by the request, but exhaling a deep huff of breath, he laid out his past.
At one time, Sir Snoots McGee had it all. He had a luxurious home, several carriages, numerous lady-callers and more money than you could ever need. Sadly, it all vanished in a blink of an eye. Snoots had invested heavily in a cross-continental enterprise to ship pre-fabricated concrete domiciles to the United States of America. The population of that country was exploding, and many people needed homes to call their own. A business partner convinced Snoots that pre-built, solid concrete houses were far superior in quality to native American wooden dwellings, and they saved customers both the extravagant cost and effort needed for do-it-yourself construction. The buildings could be produced in England and then shipped via sailing vessel across the Atlantic. 
To Snoots, the concept was sound, but only after investing wheelbarrows full of money into the enterprise did he realize he and his partners had made a catastrophic miscalculation. Once built, the concrete homes were simply too heavy to ship. There wasn't a vessel made that could carry more than one home on a single trip. Any more, and the ship would succumb to the weight and sink miles from port. This "concrete conundrum" became Snoots’ downfall. He had several hundred two-story concrete homes ready to ferry to America, but no way of getting them there in a cost-effective fashion. 
Snoots made several attempts to sell the homes locally, but once word spread of his disastrous business decision, he was met with laughter and dismissal. Eventually, he sold the vacant structures to a quarryman, who ground them into fine rubble to be used in exfoliating soap. A shamed businessman, Sir Snoots lost his income and his reputation. Gabriel Goldhand had known him from a previous real estate deal and sent word that The Royal Perfects were looking for someone to help manage the financial end of things. That’s what had brought him there that evening.
The story was unfortunate, but the way Snoots told it, he never once conveyed a sense of self-pity. He accounted the anecdote of failure with the same ego-wrapped tone that would accompany a tale of success. Every experience in Snoots’ life was framed by the perspective that he knew it all and made the correct decisions, even if he hadn’t. At least, that’s the way he came across to people who had met him for the first time. It was in this light that Bugs and the rest saw him at that moment. 
The head hirer, Harrington, rubbed his brow and looked down in contemplation. The man before him had the haughtiness of a lone peacock amongst a rabble of hens. He was a snobographer’s dream, with his neatly trimmed beard and his white wig-quaffed head. Arrogance oozed from every pore of his body and soaked every word that left his mouth. But then, a thought crept into Bugs’ head. He was staring at the manuscript for a play Timmy had just completed, The Rectangle That Went That Way. The piece called for a character quite unlike any they had previously performed. He was to be the captain of the Queen’s Royal Guard, and a real stickler of a man. 
Gazing at a bit of dialogue from the play, Bugs requested one more thing from Sir Snoots McGee. 
“Would you be so kind, Sir Snoots, as to read off this line?” he politely asked, handing Snoots the script and pointing at the necessary sentence.
Snoots grabbed the paper and looked down his nose at it. With an air of indignation, he read the words to himself first before doing so aloud.
“Private Rhombus,” Snoots started, “you are by far the most ignorant, imbecilic, and downright dense soldier I have eeeeever had the misfortune of leading. You’d make a better bearskin hat than a guard meant to wear it.”
The inflection and delivery was natural for Snoots. Its condescending content clearly married with the man’s innate contemptuousness. It was then that Bugs realized he could find no better man to play the part in question. 
“Sir Snoots, you are hired,” Bugs said with a grin.
The rest of the Perfects looked at one another in stunned silence. Sir Snoots McGee simply laid a card upon the table. It listed his expected rate and cut. Bugs could only laugh to himself at the wonderfully entertaining gall of his newest hire.
“You’ve made a wise decision,” Snoots declared. “I’ll procure my belongings and return ready for work first thing in the morning.”
The fellow stood and walked out, striding as confidently as when he entered.
Lancelot was at a loss and felt he had to say something. “Bugs, how could you hire that plank? He’s a royal bottom wart.”
“And now, he’s a Royal Perfect,” Bugs voiced with pleasure.
He pulled together his papers and gathered the rest of the crew around to go over the new ideas Timmy had provided. It was an exciting time, with the prospect of stupendous fame and prosperity just beyond the horizon. But the theatrical gang needed to work earnestly and steadfast. They welcomed the challenge.
Days of preparation followed. Amidst stage and set preparations conducted at each new tavern location, the Perfects also worked on new material, freshly supplied by Bugs, who was transferring it from Timmy upon their daily visits at the hospital.
Timmy was continually improving, and as he grew stronger, he worked longer and harder, writing down concepts and fleshing out complete ideas for innovative plays. Bugs kept the bedridden man-boy abreast of the troupe’s progress, and the pair hashed out brainstorms and back-and-forths like they had so many times before.
One afternoon, the ensemble, minus Timmy, sat upon the Rat’s Tail stage reviewing the prop needs of the new plots. Sir Snoots took inventory of what was required and compared it to a list he had compiled of items already in the group’s possession.
Snoots’ uppity persona had endeared him to many of the lads. While his monarch-like disposition could easily be a point of detest, almost every Perfect had come to appreciate the humor in his deadpan demeanor.
The only exception was Lancelot Castletowne the Third. In pre-production meetings, Lancelot was a vast source of foolish suggestions and wild ideas. His creativity flowed like a broken fire hose, but he lacked the forward thinking of actual execution. His thoughts were often preposterous with no basis in reality, but Lancelot was blind to the fact. 
Up until the arrival of Snoots, the rest of the Perfects simply humored Lancelot and his hair-brained ideas. They would politely nod and place every comment in a category “to be considered.” But, Snoots was unable to let such foolishness go unchecked. He was a businessman at heart and held to the mantra that time was money. So when Lancelot would ramble on about some irrelevant topic, it drove Snoots crazy. He would argue with Lancelot at every turn. The third Castletowne wasn’t one to back down either. He felt his offerings held infinite merit, even though they rarely, if ever, did. Sir Snoots would counter with a debate based on logic and reason, and Lancelot would fire back with the skill of a master phlyarologist. The contest usually escalated until Bugs or Captain Pantaloons stepped in and drew down the ire.
The whole phenomenon was like sandpaper grinding on the mind of Sir Snoots. While he hated the time wasted in hearing out Lancelot’s foolish fancies, his ego would not let the stupidity pass unchallenged. This only served to swell the loss of productive tempo. It was a horrible Catch-22, and it happened a lot. 
Today’s meeting was no different. The topic came up as to how the Perfects could best acquire a bearskin hat for use in costuming Theodore Rhombus, the star character in their new play titled The Rectangle That Went That Way. John Ladyfist had a collection of several caps and wigs, but nothing that would serve rightly. He offered a fair suggestion on how he could modify a top hat using an old fur coat as an overlay. It would give the piece its trademark hair-covered exterior. Lancelot thought someone sitting in the front row may notice the fur was not bear and raise an awful stink about the inaccuracy of the portrayal. 
The idea was, of course, foolish. Firstly, John’s mastery of wardrobe was without compare, and he would be able to mimic the piece as well as any. Secondly, anyone who cared enough to stare at the accessory for that long was neither intrigued, nor entertained, enough by the actor wearing it, which would then be the greater sorrow. None of that mattered to Lancelot, for at that moment, he was solely stuck on his self-made worry. 
To address the concern, which only existed in his own mind, Lancelot offered the following solution. He would don John Ladyfist’s fur coat, and bolster its mass with pillows sewn into the interior. He would then take down a mounted bear’s head from behind the Rat’s Tail counter, one of many animal trophies collected by patron gamesmen over time, and hollow out the cavity, making an extremely life-like bear mask. With his bloated fur coat and dead animal headdress, he would take on the full appearance and persona of an actual bear. 
Next, he would head into the North Wood to track down a large black bear, and woo it. After all, it was mating season. Once he gained the creature’s trust, it would lead him back to its cave. After sharing a meal of berries and freshly mauled squirrel, Lancelot was confident the animal would fall into a deep slumber. At that moment, he would draw forth a pair of sheers and bald the beast from neck to tail, doing it no lasting harm, but acquiring the significant swatch of black fur pelt needed to properly construct the prop.
The absurdity of the plan was apparent to everyone, but its telling, like so many others, was a point of amusement to the group. Many tried to hide their giggles and struggled to keep the appearance of serious consideration. Everyone also looked toward Snoots, knowing the compulsory call-out was at hand. 
Snoots could not help it.
“Lancelot, after you are inevitably raped by the woodland creature, what makes you think it will not eat you alive at the very moment it realizes you are a man and not a bear?”
Lancelot responded with his usual quick thinking, yet faulty, comeback. “I’ll bring along a bottle of Colonel Stout’s and drench our dinner with it. Once the animal eats it, and consumes the potent alcohol, he’ll get so corned he passes out and won’t even be able to address the mating ritual. It will also make it far easier to cut its hair.”
Castletowne was happy to not only successfully defend his point, but also to further add to the clear reasoning behind it. He struck a pose of self-pride.
“Lancelot, that is psychotic,” Snoots rebutted.
“No, it’s not,” Lancelot rebuffed.
“Come on, you fool, do you actually think a bear is going to believe you to be one of its own dressed up in a tattered mink coat?”
“Hell, he’ll think I am the prettiest of the lot, as a matter of fact. Do you care to place a bet on the certitude?”
It was always a wager with Lancelot, and this was usually the point at which things escalated between the two men. When Snoots surprisingly did not reply, Lancelot raged on. 
“And additionally, Sir Snoots, I have greater knowledge of bear behavior than anyone else in this troupe,” he asserted. “My uncle used to train tigers in the circus.”
The statement lacked any correspondence.
“I also read an in-depth book on bear mannerisms once. I think it was titled Goldilocks. If a little girl can manage three of the beasts, I can surely deal with one.”
Trying to hold back his laughter, Bugs was shaking to such a degree he mimicked the motion of a buck-naked Amazonian at the North Pole. Smirks, John and the rest were in the same dire straits. They couldn’t believe Snoots wasn’t saying a word, not a single peep. But, it was clearly evident that anger was brimming inside him. His face was red, and his brow angled in rage. Still, he said nothing.
“And one more thing,” Lancelot offered for consideration, “no one need worry about me impaling myself on the bear’s tail spikes. I’ll wear oven mitts for protection.”
That was all Snoots could stand. Not only were Lancelot’s ideas irrational and impossible, the fool apparently didn’t even know what a bear truly looked like. With teeth grinding, he reached into his breast pocket and retrieved a leather wallet. He gently tugged at the inside of the case and pulled out a stiff rectangle of paper, about half the size of a playing card. Snoots walked three wide paces toward Lancelot, stopped, and tossed the item directly into his chest. The scrap fell to Castletowne’s lap, causing him to look down. In bold, dark letters was printed a single word, RUBBISH. Snoots then gave his mental adversary a defiant nod and headed into the storeroom to continue inventorying the Perfects’ possessions.
Lancelot raised the card to eye level and read it again, speechless at its delivery but fully understanding its message. Bugs rushed to see what was written. When he did, he howled with mirth. 
“Rubbish! Ha!” Bugs chortled.
The rest of the guys passed around the card and burst into laughter as well.
“Well,” Pantaloons said to Lancelot, “I guess you’ve been dealt the perfect response.” The Captain snickered some more.
“Yeah, you’ve been snooted, Lance,” a snorting Ladyfist uttered.
The entire group had great fun over the matter as Lancelot simply sat mouth closed, unable to utter a worthy comeback. As Snoots later explained to Bugs, he was tired of arguing with a madman such as Lancelot, and so he devised a method of retort that summed up his case in a single word. He wrote on stiff paper a collection of such singular responses—RUBBISH, NONSENSE, POPPYCOCK. By dealing the card, Snoots could take solace in having not let Lancelot’s foolish diatribes go unanswered, while at the same time ending his past practice of only fueling the verbal dispute further. It was an effective idea, and one he utilized many times thereafter. It became a source of superb entertainment amongst the Perfects.
After the guffaws died down, Bugs handed each man a manuscript containing the text of two new Perfect plays. The Rectangle That Went That Way centered on a gent named Theodore Rhombus. A private in the Queen’s Royal Guard, he was a military man with a pedigree of loyal service, and his station included minding the Queen’s personal bathhouse. 
Among the many rituals conducted there, the Queen had her hair and wigs styled and fashioned by Samuel Snips, the royal hairdresser. Samuel was of an openly different persuasion, which was perfectly acceptable given his lot. But unfortunately for Theodore, Royal Guards were not afforded the luxury, and this tore at him daily, for he had a growing crush on Samuel. After continued interludes and conversations between Theodore and Samuel, the captain of the Royal Guard became increasingly suspicious. The story then became a cat-and-mouse game as Theo and Sam desperately tried to hide their feelings for one another, while the Captain looked to reveal Private Rhombus' true nature and disgrace him in front of everyone.
The second show was called One Comment Too Many, in which William and Wendell Potluck were twin ushers at the most prestigious theater in all of England. One night, during a performance, the building falls black. A shriek is heard in the dark, and when the lights return a murder has taken place in the audience. Constables rush the aisles and surround the two suspects closest to the scene, William and Wendell. An accusation-laden game of whodunit unfolds, with a murder mystery investigation to determine the vile criminal. 
The catch to this play, however, was the Perfects’ intent to mesh theater and reality in the same vain as The Death of Bugs Harrington. The plan was for patrons to actually think they were attending a completely different performance. Then, mid-story, the actors would douse the lights and roll into the fictitious tale intended with One Comment Too Many. It was a novel idea that had proven successful in another light, and both Timmy and Bugs believed they could capture the same magic with this new presentation.
The men reviewed the materials and were engrossed. The concepts were just as original as their past works and held even more potential. Accepting the brilliance of the offerings without pause, everyone was prepared to execute the written words to impeccable appeal. Bugs then dealt out the roles along with a caveat. Every man was to learn multiple parts, becoming both a star and an understudy. The strength of the Perfects was honed by a focus on versatility and improvisation. Nothing showed that with more clarity than recent events, so it was a mandatory condition despite the increased skill required. Not a single fellow protested.
A mug knocked loudly against the wooden surface of the bar. A woman chuckled at the joke of another. Friends and colleagues engaged in conversation and well wishing. It was another, patron-filled night at the Rat’s Tail. There was no performance that night, but The Royal Perfects were present in force. Their stage hiatus was almost up, and the group had gathered to celebrate the conclusion of all their hard preparatory work. Everything was in order, and tomorrow night, The Rectangle That Went That Way would be making its public début upon the proscenium of The Emerald Cat. Tonight, however, the actors only concerned themselves with merriment.
Sitting around a large oak table, the nine regaled one another with yarns of tomfoolery and wild exploits. Captain Pantaloons told of an incident he encountered while drifting in his handmade dinghy upon a calm, nighttime ocean. He had been out to sea for days and was hoping landfall would not be far off. Beyond the normal concerns of starvation and drowning, he was starting to miss human contact and dialogue. Staring up at the star-filled sky, he wished he had someone to talk to. Just then, the moonlight silhouette of a curvaceous woman emerged from the deep. The lass glistened with droplets and she moved with grace and beauty toward him. 
Pantaloons realized he was looking at a real-life mermaid. The fish-woman swam up and onto his boat, positioning herself next to him. After lying there in peaceful silence, side-by-side for a bit, Pantaloons asked the sea sprite her name. In the most elegant voice, she told him it was Calassandra and that she lived in a kingdom many fathoms below. The Captain inquired about more things, and the mermaid told him all about her life and the many wonders of the sea. They talked for hours, stretching far into the night, but eventually fatigue took hold and Pants fell into a sound sleep.
The next morning, he woke to the sound of sea gulls squawking and cawing. It was both an awful and fortuitous noise. For one, the screeches were painfully ear piercing, but they also meant land was not far off. It was at that moment that he recalled the mermaid. He quickly turned to view the spot upon which she had been laying and there, snorting and oozing drool, was a fat, dozing sea lion. Startled, Pantaloons lunged back and went headfirst into the drink. The splash alerted the sea lion, which immediately shot up and leapt into the water. As if all that wasn’t weird enough, as Pantaloons swam back to his boat, he could swear he saw the sea lion lift a flipper and blow him a kiss goodbye.
The Perfects burst into laughter at the absurdity of the story, but Pantaloons held fast to his belief he actually met a mermaid that night. A doctor, who he visited upon reaching shore the next day, told him it was most likely an acute case of seawater psychosis, a common ailment that plagued those stranded upon the ocean. But the Captain would not accept the diagnosis because he had proof.
Upon his raft, he found a clamshell necklace he swore the mermaid left behind. To quell his now-cackling Perfect cohorts, Pantaloons pulled the object from his pocket for all to see. Its presence made no difference. His friends just kept laughing.
With a thunderous volley of wild chirping, Twitch came swooping down from the rafters. The noise stole everyone’s attention as they focused on the bird in flight. It cut through the air and landed upon the shoulder of the one and only Timmy Wicketts. Walking tentatively, and aided by a cane, Timmy made his way down the Rat’s Tail stairs. When everyone saw him, a loud roar erupted from the gathered group. It was as if a famed hero had just returned from battle. Francis was first to reach Timmy, helping to steady his friend as the pair made their way to a seat at the Perfects’ table. It was a joyous moment for all.
“How you feeling?” asked Brock.
“You look good,” Smirks stated.
“Great to see you up and moving,” John Ladyfist commented with a wide smile.
All were happy to see the heart and soul of the troupe back where he belonged.
Bugs handed Timmy a mug of ale, which he gratefully guzzled down.
“Timmy,” Bugs said, “I’d like to introduce you to Sir Snoots McGee.”
Snoots had been sipping a glass of wine while sitting just at the edge of the party. As much as Snoots was happy to be part of the Perfects, he never really let on, instead choosing to keep some distance between himself and the rabble-rousing. When introduced, Snoots stood and made his way over to Timmy.
Shaking Wicketts’ hand, the reserved fellow offered a greeting. “How do you do? I’ve heard much about you.”
“And I you,” Timmy replied. “Bugs says you are doing a marvelous job. He also says you’re going to knock the stockings off the audience as you perform in The Rectangle That Went That Way.”
“I’ll do my best.” Snoots grinned and returned to his seat.
“So,” Bugs continued, “we’re all set for tomorrow. The Emerald Cat has been prepared, and the guys are all at the top of their game. You won’t have to do a thing except sit back and enjoy.”
“I can do my share, Bugs,” Timmy stated as he stood and displayed his somewhat slower, but still fully functioning movement.
“No doubt, friend, but just for the first night, maybe it’s best you lay back a bit.”
“Hey Timmy, you barely have a mark on you,” Lancelot interjected.
It was a remarkable thing. For as bad as he looked going into the hospital, Timmy Wicketts visage was virtually unchanged. He had some dissipating bruises, yellowing as they faded, but that was about it.
“Doctors attribute it to my condition. For once, I’m thankful for the damn disease,” Timmy explained.
“Well, it’s amazing,” said Smirks, while giving Timmy’s face a once over.
A group of patrons then approached the table. Among them were quite a few lovely women. They offered the acting company some drinks on their behalf and wondered if any of them would humor their party with stories and conversation. Several of the Perfects took them up on the offer and headed over to the bar, where cold bumpers of brew were being poured.
Electing to remain, Bugs, Timmy, Francis and Snoots held fast. Timmy pulled a stack of papers from his knapsack and laid them before Bugs.
“I’m just about finished with that other play, you know, the one about the butcher,” said Timmy.
Bugs looked over what was written. “This is simply genius, Timmy. I love what you have here.” 
“Yeah, I thought that was a good twist of fortune. What about the cow? Do you think we can pull it off?”
“I’m sure we can think of something.” Bugs then slid the document to Snoots.
“See here, Sir Snoots,” Bugs stated, while showing McGee what they were referring to, “we need to develop some type of costume or prop that can lose limbs and then miraculously grow them back right before the audience’s eyes. It’s a bit of a challenge, but absolutely critical to the work.”
Snoots examined the description of the cow and what was required. “I’ll talk to Ladyfist. I’m sure we can come up with something more than adequate,” he said with confidence. Sir Snoots then headed off to speak with his peer.
“I was also thinking,” Timmy said, “we could really push this thing to another level if we had some music. Nothing too elaborate, just a few melodic artisans playing the right tunes.”
Bugs loved the idea. “Who and what do you have in mind?”
“I’m not sure. I just want it to be original and moving.”
A gruff cough suddenly came from an adjacent table. A man leaned into Bugs’ and Timmy’s conversation. The gentleman was of similar age and sported a fastidiously manicured red beard. He wore a slightly battered dark brown frock coat with matching slacks, and topped it off with a somewhat askew sporting derby. Above all other visual trappings, he possessed one unrelenting characteristic. The man had an ever-present, unblinking, wide-eyed stare. It was both captivating and unnerving.
“Good Sirs, I hope you take no offense, but I overheard your dilemma,” the man stated.
Bugs, Timmy and Francis couldn’t say a thing. They were hypnotized by the fellow’s unwavering glare.
“If you are looking for a score, I may have something that could be of interest.” He pulled some sheet music from his inside coat pocket. “A young man I met was staying in my flat for a few days. He was visiting someone in town and needed a place to stay. I needed the money, and so offered a spare room. The lad fancied himself a would-be composer with a flare for waltzes. He dabbled in other musical musings as well, and when I heard him speak on the matter, I knew he possessed great potential and passion. After he departed, I was cleaning up the spare when I noticed he left behind a few crumpled-up pieces of composition in the wastebasket. I thought to myself, if the boy ever made it big, these earlier works may prove golden, so I kept them, and held them on my person for security.”
Momentarily broken free of the man’s staunch glance, Timmy asked, “So why do you reveal this to us now?”
“Well,” he explained, “I’m kind of on the ropes, so to speak. The parchments are the last bit of value I have, and I was hoping they may buy me an audition with your acting company.”
Timmy handed the music to Francis, who used the opportunity to look somewhere other than the gravitating abyss of the man’s pupils. 
“Well, Sir, that’s a just exchange I suppose, but first, tell us a little more about yourself,” Timmy requested.
The music lover introduced himself as Benedict Hornberger, a former parliamentary court reporter. Benedict was known for two things, his exemplary diction and a constant stare, the likes of which could cut glass, fixed fast below his brow. Drinking at a pub one afternoon, he glanced at a fellow patron whose drunken and belligerent tone was capturing the attention of all in the tavern. When the man saw the look on Benedict's face, he took exception, not knowing Benedict could look no other way. Fisticuffs ensued, and constables were called in to quell the skirmish. Unfortunately, Benedict lost his job as a result, for convicted offenders, even of misdemeanor offenses, could not serve in parliamentary functions. He had since been making ends meet by begging on the streets.
The ill-fated story was indeed unfortunate, but as luck would have it, Timmy saw potential in Benedict. If for nothing else, his stare alone was capable of holding people’s attention for minutes at a time, which was undeniably a valuable asset to have on stage.
The leader of the Perfects agreed to the deal, and once he nudged Bugs back to the matter at hand, Harrington also concurred. They all agreed to meet at The Emerald Cat the following morning. Benedict would be allowed to read-in as the Perfects ran through their final rehearsal of The Rectangle That Went That Way. Timmy knew the troupe could use a few more men given the increasing scope of their plays, so if Benedict could perform admirably, he just might find a spot.
The Emerald Cat was larger than the Rat’s Tail, and much brighter. It had many more windows and even a vaulted, circular skylight overtop the main dining area. The plaster interior was accented with aged bronzed turning a greenish patina, and low reliefs on many of the walls depicted playful and fanciful felines wearing suits and gowns. There were two main areas in the tavern—a larger upper platform and a single step lower, a smaller one. The latter had been renovated for theater needs and had been framed with decorative pillars and a curtain rig, among other necessary mechanisms. 
Brock was working those mechanisms, checking their integrity, when Benedict came in. Many of the other Perfects were on stage walking through a scene while Timmy and John Ladyfist sat in the dining area surveying the presentation.
“Benedict,” Timmy greeted upon seeing the man enter, “good morning to you.”
“And to you, Sir,” he replied.
“Head on down to the stage and take up Captain Pantaloons’ role there.”
Mr. Hornberger made his way to the platform with haste. Everyone had their eyes glued to the hopeful fellow, waiting in vain for him to flutter a single blink and rescue them from his freezing stare. He did not. Pantaloons simply handed him a script and stepped aside.
“Okay, Benedict,” Timmy shouted, “why don’t you start at the top of the act. You’ll read as Samuel Snips, and Francis there will be Theodore Rhombus. The scene is the Queen’s washhouse after dark. You’re mad at Theodore for not standing up to his superior.”
Benedict cleared his voice. Francis did the same and then began. “You don’t understand Sam, soldiery is all I have. It’s all I’ve ever been. I can’t allow my weakness to cost me my career.”
“Weakness! Weakness! I am your weakness! Not exactly the most endearing term I’ve been shackled with, although I can rail off quite a few that were far worse,” Benedict delivered with surprising fluidity.
“I’m sorry, Sam, it’s just that you’re a hairdresser, and will be a hairdresser after all is uttered and brought to light. Nothing will change for you. If I bare the same, I will be cast out of the Royal Guard faster than boots fly from the feet of a man hit by a six-horse carriage.”
“So, is that it then? You cannot bring yourself to choose between your life as a military man, and the possibility of happiness with me? I’ll tell you this, Theodore, if the roles were reversed, if the Queen Mum herself told me I would either have to give up my shears or my heart, I would cast aside those instruments of primping and watch them rust while lying peacefully in the arms of my true love.”
“Stop right there!” Timmy yelled from afar. “That’s all we need.” He leaned over to John and whispered something before getting up and making his way to the stage. The rest of the ensemble moved to meet him. They talked in hushed tones as Benedict was left on stage desperately trying to make out what they were saying. After a few moments of murmuring, Bugs emerged from the posse and walked over to Mr. Hornberger.
“We’re sorry, Benedict,” Bugs began with dour expression, “but there’s no way, no way, we could go further…without you.”
The way it was delivered threw Benedict off for a moment. At first, he was sure Bugs had just dismissed him. His head drooped in disappointment. But after replaying the moment in his mind, Hornberger was immediately injected with a rush of joy. The sensation was enlivening, and the man was so overcome that he actually blinked. That event sent a wave of disbelief through the rest of the Perfects, and they bellowed a simultaneous "hurrah" before joining their newest brother on stage. Benedict was thoroughly congratulated, and he graciously accepted a position amongst the gregarious lot. 
Even Snoots offered an offhand compliment, “That wasn’t the worst thing I’ve seen, Mr. Hornberger. Not the worst at all.”



=====

Chapter 10: Greek Tragedy

Benedict was put into action that very night, adding his muscle to the designated stage crew. Along with Brock and John Ladyfist, the three-man team hustled and bustled as they ran through their last checks. Timmy had taken a prime seat in the audience, right next to Gabriel Goldhand. The rest of the men had stage roles and were performing them dutifully within the glow of spotlight.
The Emerald Cat was packed. In the hiatus between this show and The Death of Bugs Harrington, hype had stirred amongst the people of Upper Southrump. Everyone wanted to see what work of imagination and unbelievable entertainment The Royal Perfects would unleash next. The Rectangle That Went That Way was that piece, and fans came from far and wide to be among the first to bear witness.
The play spun a wild yarn made up of equally strong fibers of comedy and drama. There were several points of absolute hilarity, and quite a few of moving dialogue, and the crowd loved the entire thing. When the curtain line was finally delivered, the people rose to salute the performance. As had taken place so many times before, the praise rained down like a summer storm, and the Perfects embraced the drenching. 
Patrons began to shuffle out, their bellies thoroughly filled by the theatrical feast. Timmy was left conversing with a decent crowd that had noticed him in the front row. They offered their good wishes on a job well done and pandered for autographs from a man whose name was gaining greater acclaim with each passing production. Not one to disappoint, Timmy made time for them all. 
A similar scene played out the following night at The Rusty Pelican. This venue had an oceanfront patio and an open-air setup with much of the dining area organized under a wall-less roof. Another portion was laid out within the tavern’s main house, and the stage area spanned the gap between, giving it a central location. Gabriel Goldhand always liked the ocean atmosphere and the constant salty breeze, so when the building became available, he leapt at the opportunity. While the unique, centrally located stage setup was nice, Goldhand knew that the place was a seasonal showcase given its patio section. He had debated whether to modify the design, but elected to leave it while the temperate months prevailed. 
The Rectangle That Went That Way was again put on display, and was again lauded by the public. Many of the cast had changed roles and duties, and Timmy himself felt well enough to handle backstage tasks. Regardless of who worked where, the event produced the same positive effect. The pattern continued the following day at the Thumbtack Pub.
Soon, the crew found itself at their fourth and final new venue, The Monkey King’s Crown. It was by far the most elaborately built and largest of all the properties Goldhand had acquired. Located in the Central District, The Monkey King’s Crown was originally built as a theater. It already possessed all the necessary stage accouterment, but unlike the rest of the forums, lacked the dual function of dining. Gabriel didn’t mind because his hope was to make more than enough from a straight, ticket sales approach to business. He felt The Royal Perfects had forged a strong reputation and a citywide brand capable of drawing fans by the carriage-full.
Opening night at the Monkey King’s Crown proved him right. The place was sold out and packed with the elite of the land. Mink stoles, lace fans, polished shoes, and waxed mustaches were everywhere. The finest people had turned out in their finest garb as the excitement of another Perfect premiere held them in welling anticipation. 
Timmy and Bugs had decided that, due to the upscale locale, debuting One Comment Too Many was a justified strategy. Both men took stage roles on this occasion and eagerly waited for the moment they would turn the public’s perception of events on its head. The ruse was set, and the show began as a performance of The Rectangle That Went That Way. Minutes into the first act, the lights were doused and a woman’s scream cut through the darkness. When illumination returned, two nearly identical ushers, Smirks and Romeo, were tending to an older woman.
To the ghastly shock of the audience, Romeo proclaimed the woman, who was actually John Ladyfist, dead. The cue immediately brought a comically bumbling Bugs Harrington to the scene, playing the role of a constable. What followed was an accusation-laden investigation to determine which of the twin-brother ushers was responsible for the death. 
As the play wore on, the audience was repeatedly clued into the fact that it was a work, and everyone enjoyed the splendid twist of fantasy and reality. Many of the patrons were brought into the play for moments at a time as Bugs worked the crowd for information and hypotheses. In the end, one of the brother’s comments betrayed his earlier alibi, and the killer was revealed to the delight of all. 
Another standing ovation later, and the Perfects had proven their powerful magic once more. Timmy took a deep bow on stage, flanked by the other members of the cast and crew. He looked out across the applauding mass, thanking them for their support. That’s when he spotted Genny, standing alongside the villainous John Smith. She was staring right at him, a warm smile on her face. Smith was the antithesis, glaring venom toward the stage. He whispered something into Genny’s ear, and it was received with a reluctant nod of understanding. He then shoved his way out of the aisle, pulling her along with him, and made his way out of the theater, soon disappearing within the departing crowd. Timmy wasn’t sure what he had just witnessed, but anything involving Smith was bound to be something of ill design. 
Later that night, at the after-party, Timmy told Bugs what he had seen. Bugs was immediately put on guard. He had heard a rumor that The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles were all but extinct. They had cut back their nightly shows to one a week because they couldn’t fill the seats. The Royal Perfects had swung the public forcefully in their favor, and the Ill So-Sos just couldn’t compete. Seeing Smith at one of their shows brought fears of sabotage. Timmy and Bugs took the concern to the rest of the troupe, and all were advised to be extra cautious.
Over the next few weeks however, nothing odd transpired. They saw Smith and many of the other Ill So-Sos at several of their performances, but other than noticing them talking to various townsfolk, there was not a thing out of place. So it was with confidence that the Perfects pushed on, performing their plays in a rotating manner to full houses at every location. The level of their success continued to grow, and by month’s end, they had amassed quite the treasure of both coin and notoriety. It was a wonderful time.
The Monkey King’s Crown was playing host to the team once more, their fifth performance on that popular stage. The evening’s production showcased The Rectangle That Went That Way. After incorporating One Comment Too Many into their repertoire, all in attendance were held hostage by the possibility that anything could happen at any time. This made for quite an exciting night of entertainment, regardless of what plot actually transpired. But as fate would have it, the Perfects would be the ones shocked by unexpected events on this evening.
Gathered together on stage, the troupe took its final bows before a cordial crowd. It was then Timmy noticed a man approaching from the left and ascending the staircase to the stage. It was the mayor of Upper Southrump, Percival Snodgrass. Percival, along with his wife, Madison, had been present at many past performances, but this was the first time he had actually set foot on the dais. He paid the Perfects no mind as he moved front and center and motioned to the audience for silence. Being the mayor, his words were quickly headed. 
“Fellow people of Upper Southrump,” Percival began in an authoritarian tone, “it has come to the attention of my administration, as well as that of the local parliamentary office, that the content you have all just borne witness to may not be of highest moral ideals that we, as elected officials, deem appropriate for the masses. The questionable antics of two homosexual characters do not properly reflect the values of this town, nor does exposure to such corruptible and contemptuous material bode well for the proper teachings of our children. It is with the authority of my office that I formally declare an immediate and lasting ban on the works of The Royal Perfects, and upon the very company itself.”
Dozens upon dozens of armed constables marched into the theater, taking up positions at each aisle end and forming a barricade in front of the stage. Timmy and the rest of the Perfects looked on in stunned silence.
Percival, bookended by two rather enormous officers, continued. “Now, being as many of you may be at a loss as to how you will fill the entertainment void left by the Perfects’ rightful prohibition, I offer you an alternative.” The mayor motioned to the audience. Stepping forth was the entire group of Ill So-Sos. John Smith led them on stage and took a position next to Percival.
“These great actors need no introduction, as their past work has spoken clearly for itself. Masters of their art, The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles have provided us with countless moments of stage excellence. They have dedicated themselves to the classic works, not the lewd fantasies of deranged homeless men. So it is with great pride that I announce their designation as the official acting company of Upper Southrump. To celebrate this momentous occasion, The Illegitimate Sons have agreed to perform one of the finest plays of Theban locale, Oedipus Rex, and as an added bonus, you’ll be treated to the stage début of a guest thespian, your cultured mayor himself, Percival Snodgrass!”
The gathered assembly was awkwardly silent for a moment, but upon realizing this announcement was paramount to a formalized, legal decree, they politely clapped. This was more out of fear than willingness.
Snodgrass and the Ill So-Sos accepted the moderate support, its presence validating the proclamation and public’s acceptance from their point of view. The mayor then signaled his army of constables, and they began to escort a bewildered crowd out of the theater.
“Smith, you bastard!” Bugs cried, lunging for the scheming scallywag.
One of the mayor’s security personnel stepped in and held a raging Bugs at bay with a stiff baton shot to the sternum. Bugs fell hard to the polished wood floor. John Smith laughed.
Timmy had been fixated on Genny, standing only feet away from him. Their eyes had been locked in a desperate fit of non-verbal communication. Timmy’s expression was one of questioning shock, wondering how all this could have transpired. Genny’s only reply was that of lightly falling tears. 
Mayor Snodgrass pointed with contempt at the Perfects. “Please escort these hooligans out of the theater.” The eleven-man troupe was then surrounded and ushered down the stairs and up the aisle toward the exit. Timmy, still a bit slowed by his recent injuries, was prodded along by a few vicious jabs from the baton.
“Smith,” Bugs shouted again, “this isn’t over!”
His angry yell was met by laughter from the Ill So-Sos and Mayor Snodgrass. 
“Goodbye, Royal Perfects. May your bones find familiar comfort upon the cobblestone of Sooty Stoops!” a smug John Smith shouted back.
Shoved into the streets, the Perfect gang was at a loss. They had no idea what action to take next. They could only look on helplessly as the mayor’s men chained and locked the doors to The Monkey King’s Crown. The sound of maniacal laughter emanating from within was the last echo to pass through the large, golden doors. With a loud creak and defining slam, those doors had abruptly closed on their dreams.
Arriving back at the Rat’s Tail, they were met by another unfortunate find. Dozens of large crates were stacked high outside the tavern. Gabriel Goldhand sat atop one, his head in his hands.
“Mr. Goldhand!” Timmy yelled upon seeing him.
The elder man lifted his vision. His eyes were red and damp.
“They took it all, Timmy,” he uttered with sadness, pointing to chains that had been locked across the tavern doors. “When I got back here, I found all of your belongings boxed and lying on the street. My tavern was locked tight and an official transcription was left for my reading.” Gabriel pulled it from his pocket. “It states that all of my property has been seized by the city and my business license has been revoked as punishment for my implicit role in fostering and harboring such acts of immorality and debauchery. I’m ruined!”
Gabriel began to weep, and Timmy carefully knelt down to comfort him. The entrepreneurial Goldhand could not believe how quickly things had turned. He never foresaw such a calamitous future, and was simply overwhelmed by the weight of it all. 
“Timmy, Bugs, to be clear, I do not blame you for anything that has happened.” Gabriel dried his eyes with a handkerchief. “I know other forces are at work here, and unfortunately, they are of such power and influence that we are forced to accept and move on.”
“We can’t just let it be like this,” Brock stated.
“Yeah, there must be something we can do,” Romeo added.
Gabriel stood and straightened his suit coat. “Boys,” he began with a fatherly delivery, “you mustn’t push. In this world, there are those who will stop at nothing to get what they want. You are all good men, and as such, hold yourselves to certain bounds others would break without hesitation if it meant getting their way. Please, take heed, if you do not cease and let fate be as it may, I fear far worse will be waiting for each and every one of you.”
Gabriel’s words were heavy and frightening. He had been a businessman for many years and had seen many underhanded circumstances in his day. Timmy could also attest to Gabriel’s warning, having seen it in action with his old friend William Mudd. 
“It was a grand ride gentlemen,” Mr. Goldhand stated, delivering a sturdy and grateful handshake to every member of The Royal Perfects. “I suppose the sun is setting for me. It came a bit earlier than I would have hoped, but I regret nothing. It’s high time I listen to my wife, hang up my hat, and enjoy my last days in the peaceful comfort of our country home. It was a pleasure.”
Gabriel placed his topper upon his head, and after giving Timmy a loving hug, wobbled off down the lane. Timmy could only watch as this man of great trust and loyalty stepped out of his life.
Pantaloons had been rummaging through the boxes left on the sidewalk. They contained all of the group’s personal effects.
“I guess we’ve been evicted,” he said.
The locked doors of the tavern were evidence enough that none of them were bedding down in their shared apartment tonight. 
“What are we going to do?” Smirks wondered aloud.
Bugs stroked his beard for a moment. He then offered a temporary solution. Not far away was a building he knew lay vacant for months. It was once the location of Lester's Sealed Jams and Wool Stockings, but after going out of business, it had simply been left to ruin. He suggested they carry what they could and hole up there until they could devise another course of action.
It was getting late, and with no better plan on the table, the party agreed and loaded up with belongings before trudging off to the abandoned building. Timmy was still not one hundred percent, but he carried what he could, in addition to a stub-beaked finch that had flown down from the roof of a nearby store and landed, as he always did, upon the comfortable shoulder of his master. 
In a back alley, Bugs pried open a loose board blocking one of Lester’s windows. He then squeezed between the slats and opened it up a bit more from the inside. The rest of the crew wiggled through. Romeo felt his way around the darkened interior and discovered a few half-melted candles sitting upon a table. He struck a match and lit them. The illumination revealed that Lester's Sealed Jams and Wool Stockings was virtually barren. There were a couple of dust covered tables, a few chairs, a stack of small wooden carts in one corner, and a couple of knickknacks sitting silently upon a crooked shelf. Brock examined the crates and found a few more candles, which he promptly set ablaze. Lancelot dug a couple of wool blankets out from beneath a shelf. While the store was without many of the comforts of the Rat’s Tail, it provided ample shelter. There was more than enough floor space for everyone, and soon, each man was carving out a little portion for himself.
Sitting around the candlelight, the group contemplated their situation.
“I say we march over to the Halfwit Theater and burn it to the ground,” a misguided Lancelot proposed.
Bugs had been stewing for a very long time. “I should have just shot the braggart when I had the chance.”
No one argued.
“How can this be? The people love us. They come out to see us in droves. The mayor can’t just decree we’re immoral all of a sudden.” John Ladyfist still couldn’t grasp the reasoning.
“Immoral has nothing to do with it,” Timmy explained. “Look at what he offered as our replacement, a play about a son who kills his own father and then sleeps with his own mother. That’s not exactly a story cleansed and prepared for children’s eyes and ears. The man is a hypocritical narcissist, spurred by Smith to flex his political muscle and promote his own position of fame.”
“Timmy’s exactly right,” Snoots affirmed. “I dealt with the mayor in the past on certain business deals. Getting anything done was only a matter of massaging his ego. The man’s number one priority is himself.”
Pantaloons chimed in. “But does he honestly think he and the Ill So-Sos will be able to fill a theater? The mayor has no acting pedigree to speak of, and the So-Sos aren’t called that for no good reason.”
“Doesn’t matter,” said Bugs. “They’re the only act in town now. We’ve been blacklisted. Not a single venue, nor employer, would take us.”
"I wouldn’t say that’s entirely true,” Timmy corrected. “Bugs, have you forgotten where we came from, where most of us cut our teeth? The streets. We take it back to the streets!”
The idea had some validity, and a sense of direction began to set in.
Timmy crouched down closer to the light. The flickering flame showed sparks of hope in his eyes. “The mayor can lock us out of the theaters and taverns, but he can’t lock down the whole town. The people want to see us. They want to be entertained. If we perform, they will come. And sooner or later that pea-brained mayor and the detestable Smith will have to concede and give the people back what they clearly want.”
The idea reinvigorated the group. All ears were open as Timmy laid out a strategy based on guerilla tactics. They would resurrect some of Timmy and Bugs’ earlier one-act plays, modify them slightly to incorporate an extra man or two, and then, in smaller, agile groups, they would dispatch across town. When a location and crowd permitted, the task forces would burst into spontaneous theater wherever and whenever they could. This would keep their names and works alive among the populace, and sooner or later, the grassroots would compel someone of prominence to challenge Percival Snodgrass’ statute. The only obstacle would be constables on beat. If they were alerted, all Perfects were instructed to cut their performance short and disperse immediately. Lester’s would be their base of operations, and any alms collected while exhibiting their skills would be shared amongst the entire troupe. 
The plan seemed sound and every man happily agreed to execute. Bugs and Timmy ran through some of their old skits, outlining what was needed and conveying the lines of dialogue for each work. The men stayed up until dawn, learning the new roles and practicing within their smaller groups. As the sun lit up the sky, they felt prepared and ready. It had become a vaudevillian war. Smith had fired a heavy volley, but the Perfects would not be broken. They hoped a crippling series of comedic slapstick would be enough to weaken a growing, politically poised battle ship. With prop satchels in hand, they headed out.
The eleven men divided into four groups, each anointing themselves with a code name. The Perfect Folly consisted of Brock, John Ladyfist and Smirks. Romeo, Benedict and Sir Snoots chose the moniker of The Perfect Storm. Lancelot, Francis and Captain Pantaloons were the third team. The Perfect Wave was their alias. And finally, Timmy and Bugs formed The Perfect Duo. 
The marching orders stated that each mini-squad would work a different part of town. The Perfect Folly conducted its clandestine efforts in Sooty Stoops, while The Perfect Wave worked the Moors. With Romeo and Snoots both having the greatest knowledge of Central District, their group, The Perfect Storm set to task there. That left The Perfect Duo to work Shillings, which possessed an interesting situation. For one, it tended to have the greatest mass of people at any given moment due to its role as a center of commerce. On the other hand, this fact tended to draw the greatest police presence. Add in the extra element that it was the home of the Halfwit Theater, and it made for quite an interesting challenge. Quick, memorable bursts of public show would be needed, and Timmy and Bugs knew they were just the pair to provide it.
Beneath each Perfect’s hooded long coat, they hid an appropriate costume for the skit they would perform. Timmy and Bugs were no exception. Under Timmy’s jacket he wore the famous purple ensemble of the Grapel Duke. Bugs donned the trademark trappings of the eccentric tailor. Both men were happy to reprise the roles that gave birth to The Royal Perfects of today, and their memorization of such parts made for quick, smoothly delivered, unflinching exchanges of hilarious dialogue.
As they walked down the main lane of Shillings, they peered out from the shade of their drawn hoods. The day’s traffic was growing more congested, and the pair looked for a prime location to deal out a drive-by performance. There was no more public point than the circular rotunda at the center of the avenue. It was at the epicenter of travel, marking a four-point intersection. It also provided a raised platform upon its stonewall and elevated flower beds.
Timmy and Bugs nodded their shared acceptance of the locale and quickened their pace. At a half-run, they wove through the mass of people, carriages, and carts before leaping onto the platform. They drew back their hoods, dropped their coats and cried aloud for everyone to hear, “The Royal Perfects present a scene from The Grapel Duke's Burnt Straw Knickers!” 
The announcement and sudden spectacle brought traffic to a halt. Timmy and Bugs wasted no time breaking into their skit. Within seconds, people were flocking to the location, taking in the show. The crowd chuckled and cheered as The Perfect Duo cut jokes and merrily stumbled about, conversing as their classic characters of old. The show was minutes in when Bugs noticed a black-clad constable shoving his way through the audience, cutting a path much in the way a thresher knocks down wheat. Timmy spotted another baton-waving officer making his way to them from the other side.
 “We bid you fine people adieu,” Bugs stated, cutting the scene short. “And remember, there’s no greater joy than that delivered by your Perfect compatriots!”
The twosome jumped down from their perch and ran in the opposite direction of the fast-approaching constables. Seeing this, one of the officers began to blow a whistle and yell at the thick crowd to disperse. He lashed out with his stick and struck wildly at those not moving fast enough for his liking. The other constable did the same.
While Timmy and Bugs increased their distance, they could see a group of three more armed deputies running toward them. Bugs motioned toward a nearby alleyway, and the pair ducked down its narrow path. They ran hard and fast across the gravel trail, weaving a disorienting line behind shops and homes before emerging from the shadowy corridor.
A few meters ahead, a paddy wagon with two more mounted constables was scouring the scene, hunting the renegade pair. The sound of gruff yelling was gaining volume behind them. Timmy and Bugs could feel the authorities closing in fast, tightening their noose. They made a break into the daylight and toward a lane directly behind the paddy wagon. One of the drivers saw them out of the corner of his eye and wheeled the horse-drawn buggy around, causing its steeds to whine with fury. 
Exhaustion was beginning to set in. Both men were breathing hard, but desperate to escape. That’s when Timmy noticed a pen of livestock adjacent to a butcher shop. Inside the fenced area were two exceptionally large pigs, snorting and rooting through the muck. Timmy rushed over to the enclosure and unlatched the gate. As quickly as he could, he procured a heavy length of rope, and fashioned it into a harness. Lashing the beasts to an empty vegetable cart, he yelled at Bugs to get in.
With a scratch of the hogs' hindquarters and the whip of Timmy’s purple cape, the creatures let out a shrill oink and broke into a brisk trot. Bugs could hardly believe it. While the swine weren’t trained, the expert ex-pig musher was able to steer them with more than fair accuracy. He whipped again, and the pigs doubled their pace. A third whip, and the makeshift chariot was steaming by rushing constables and galloping horse buggies. Timmy had driven through Shillings by this means on more than one occasion, so he knew where the slapdash contraption could gain an advantage. He recalled William Mudd’s maps and alternate routes, and Timmy used them to great effect. Before long, the constables were left in a cloud of dust many meters behind.
Timmy continued to push the pigs until they reached Sooty Stoops. Using the back alleys was not only more efficient; it provided the elusive vegetable cart a bit more cover on its escape. Bugs was amazed by Timmy’s proficiency at such a unique and implausible skill. When they finally pulled around to Lester’s, The Perfect Duo felt at ease. After dismounting, Timmy unhitched the cart and then slapped the swine on their tails, sending them scurrying away. The pair ran for the window, kept ajar at the store’s rear, and ducked into the safety of their hideout. 
The Perfect Wave was there as well, all three members sopping wet and smelling of brine.
“What happened to you guys?” Bugs asked the trio.
Pantaloons rung out his shirt. A gush of salt water doused the floorboards. “Constables. They had us cornered on a pier. We had nowhere to go but into the drink.”
“Yeah, we just jumped for it,” Lancelot added. “We swam underwater for as long as we could, finally coming up for air between two large cutters.”
Francis coughed a watery gurgle. “Luckily, the constables lost sight of us, and when we saw them heading back to their posts, we made our way back to shore and then back here.” 
Francis sniffed the air. The foul smell of boar filled his nostrils and his face contorted in an unsavory manner. “What is that odor?”
“Timmy can drive pigs,” Bugs said matter-of-factly.
Francis, Pantaloons, and Lancelot simultaneously stared at Timmy. He smiled and shrugged his shoulders in affirmation. Further questions were not pursued.
Lancelot retrieved their prop pouch and pulled forth a bunch of pennies and shillings. “We did get on a while before the lawmen showed up. We were able to pull off one complete skit and were partly into our second. By that time, people had already offered up quite a nice take, along with more than one man pledging fervent support to our cause.”
It was nice to see the cash tributes, but even more important was the fans’ continued loyalty. To Timmy, that was going to make the difference in the end, and the main reason behind their effort to keep in the public eye. 
As the men counted their coin, The Perfect Folly members entered the shelter. They too had successfully eluded police pursuit and arrived with full pockets. The Perfect Storm was last to arrive back. While Central District was the location of many government agencies, it was also the wealthiest and most law-abiding section of town. Rarely were incidents of enforcement required, and so the constable concentration over the entire zone was rather sparse. That allowed The Perfect Storm to perform several acts at several different areas before finally being chased away by officers. Snoots reported an exceptional turnout at each performance and an admirable display of encouragement and donations from those present. 
All in all, it was a good day given the way things had gone for The Royal Perfects over the past twenty-four hours. That night they dined on their traditional meal of beef and salad, bought fresh at a Sooty Stoops café. The empty confines of Lester’s was not the most luxurious setting, but they were together, and still optimistic.



=====

Chapter 11: Time in the Grinder

Day two of Perfect prohibition began with Smirks Puffchest buying a dozen beet cakes from a local bakery. The morning meal would provide the energy needed to unleash another blitzkrieg of guerrilla performances upon the denizens of Upper Southrump. He dropped the shopkeep a couple of coins and began to walk the few block trip back to Lester’s. That’s when he spotted a constable posting a large sign on a storefront across the street. After pasting the sheet in place, he walked for several more paces and erected another. Even from a distance, Smirks could see the heading clearly stated, AS PER MAYORAL DECREE. He quickly ran over to read the document, and after having done so, made haste back to Lester’s.
“They’re being put up all over town,” Smirks conveyed to his beet cake munching-brothers. “Apparently, our spontaneous skits have not sat well with Snodgrass. He has issued a second formal proclamation stating that, at no time, can a member of the former acting troupe known as The Royal Perfects be seen in public with another member of said company. The transcript goes on to list all of our names and images, citing that if anyone sees any combination of two or more of us together, they are to immediately alert the authorities. The transgressors will be subject to a mandatory seven-day prison term upon first offense. A subsequent offense will result in one year imprisonment, and a third earns ten!”
“This is outrageous!” Bugs shouted, whipping his beet cake off the wall in disgust. “Who the hell does he think he is?!”
“The mayor,” Snoots responded.
Timmy realized the stakes had just been raised, and if he and his men were going to continue their acting assault, they would have to do so under increased cover. He proposed they devise well-manufactured disguises to hide their faces. John Ladyfist’s mind immediately began to churn. He rooted through some boxes, still packed from their banishment from the Rat’s Tail, and pulled out numerous wigs and satchels of makeup. 
There was more complexity to the matter, however. While the disguises would be required to allow them free passage while in their groups, they would also have to be easily removed. There was still the need to let the people know it was The Royal Perfects performing, and that they would continue despite any obstacle.
Ladyfist planned accordingly. He developed several masks and alterations that would change a man’s appearance, but could reveal his true identity in little time. The plan was the same as before, except that once a proper location was found for a show, the covers would be removed and the acts performed while in their true Perfect personas. They could then hide behind the veils of concealment and blend into the faceless crowd once more. 
The men agreed on the gameplan, each one fully accepting that, if caught in the vicinity of one another, imprisonment was guaranteed. It was a circumstance that quickened the heart, but focused their intent. Newly determined to thumb their noses at the Mayor and his Ill So-So puppeteers, the rogue battalion embarked on another day of skit skirmishes.
The previously designated clans had rotated members in an effort to further the illusion of a varying group appearance. Timmy was now paired with Snoots and Francis Dinkyworth. Because the trio had drawn Sooty Stoops as their day’s beat, they were last to leave Lester’s. The Stoops was Timmy’s home turf, and he knew it like the back of his hand. He could recall time spent running among the red-roofed flats and cock-eyed shacks of the neighborhood. He passed by familiar spots on the street upon which he used to find warmth while living as a vagrant. Before him stood the fruit cart where he first performed as a fledgling hobo actor just trying to survive. The ward held a wealth of memories, some bad, some wonderful. 
Nostalgia set in and Timmy pointed to that original street corner by the fruiter.
“Fellas,” he whispered to Snoots and Francis beneath a beard made of wool, “how’s about an old-time show upon the very spot the Perfects were born?”
Francis was happy to oblige. Snoots said nothing, which was equivalent to an agreement in McGee-ese. The three milled about the scene, scoping out the relative safety of the location. They didn’t see any constables, only men and women on their way here and there. A small group of five factory workers, with their pale brown caps and matching suspenders, haggled with the fruiter over some produce. Meanwhile, a homeless woman sat on a staircase, sharing cracker crumbs with a stray cat. Everything appeared fine enough, so Timmy gave the signal. The trio ripped off their masks and yelled to those around, “The Royal Perfects present an impromptu performance of Three Men and One Hat!”
The skit revolved around three gentlemen trying to purchase the only hat left in a parlor. Each argued his case as to why the hat was essential to him. The first was a magician, and he needed the hat to perform his grand finale, pulling a rabbit out of it. The second man pleaded that he needed the hat to bail out his sinking rowboat. It was of dire importance because his mother-in-law had caught her foot on a nail in the vessel’s hull, and stuck fast, couldn’t get out from the quickly drowning vessel. The third man argued that he needed the hat for the most critical of all reasoning. His long-time love was, at that very moment, waiting for him upon the altar. But she had made it perfectly clear that she would only marry a proper gentleman, and a proper gentleman wore a hat to such an affair.
Within this context, the three thespians dialogued back and forth, cutting one-liners and absurd justifications as to why their characters deserved the crown topper. More and more people began to gather and relish in the entertaining exhibition. By the time the show concluded, many appreciative fans were dropping donations into the hat props turned alms baskets. 
“Fine show lads,” the fruiter shouted with a smile.
“Yes, a delightful scene indeed,” one of the factory workers complimented.
Another of the men approached and dropped a coin into the hat. Extending his hand toward Timmy, he hoped to shake on a job well done.
Timmy accepted with a grin. Suddenly, a loud click snapped through the air. Wicketts drew back his wrist, but much to his surprise, he could not pull away. The man had handcuffed himself to the actor.
“Mr. Timmy Wicketts,” the fellow said, cracking a satisfied smirk, “you are under arrest!”
With stealth, the rest of the factory workers surrounded Timmy, Snoots and Francis. Wicketts was now bound, so they set their sights on the other two actors, locking them soundly with cuffs and chains. 
The workers pulled off their stained apparel, revealing constable uniforms underneath. Apparently, the Perfects weren’t the only ones to contemplate camouflage on that day. The stunning capture had crushed Timmy’s spirit. Paraded unceremoniously into a waiting paddy wagon, the trio of friends was carted off to jail.
The prison, christened the Grinder by those with an understanding of its inner workings, was a catchall for every manner of social deviant. From murders to the mentally askew, lock picks to trespassers, if you were deemed a public nuisance, a stone cell awaited at this medieval jail.
Once there, the various degrees of decreed discipline were oftentimes molded into a single cast of painful punishment. While a grifter may receive a thorough lashing and be locked tight into a sweatbox, a man guilty of a lesser crime may be subject to the same. It was the whim of the warden that usually acted as the final verdict at the dastardly destination. 
As the wagon rocked and shook its way up a rough mountain road, Timmy could see the large stone watchtowers of the penitentiary rising like two foreboding colossuses overtop a craggy waste. A high masonry wall, topped with sharp iron spikes, surrounded the entire institution. At one time, it had been a castle, and by looks alone, one could argue it may have housed Vlad the Impaler himself. It was sharp, cold, dark and nasty, a real horror incarnate. Timmy felt a shiver pass over him when the wagon halted at the enormous wooden gate. The door groaned with the agony of ages as guards drew back the bolt and opened the barrier. 
A few meters later, the vehicle stopped and the three offenders were hustled out of the coach and directed toward the main entrance. Spontaneous, and quite painful, baton strikes hastened them along. Ushered down a dim corridor, they came to a processing station. One of the constable escorts handed a man seated behind a large desk a slip of paper. The man read it to himself then stood and walked closer to Timmy, Francis and Snoots. He looked the three, top to bottom, his crooked eye uncomfortably ogling the men the whole time. After achieving whatever visual satisfaction he was apparently seeking, he returned to his desk and pulled out a massive, leather-bound ledger. 
“Block D. Cell 21,” the clerk stated, motioning in the direction of Snoots and Francis. He then cracked a wide, wicked smile and pointed toward Timmy. “Block C. Cell 33,” he stated.
 The escorting constables laughed, and Timmy grew even more uncomfortable.
The men were led to another room where they were told to strip down to their undergarments. The clothes they had been wearing were thrown into a flaming furnace, and they were handed the drab gray uniforms of inmates. Once properly attired, the three were again herded out into the hall. Francis and Snoots were directed one way, and Timmy was dragged another. Francis tried to say something to his departing friend, but as soon as he drew breath, a guard smashed him in the stomach with a baton. A gasp of pain was all that passed over his lips. 
Timmy was chaperoned by a single, gritty constable. His gruff visage was covered in poke marks and scratches, and he wore a constant, misplaced look of giddy pleasure. It was the kind of psychotic expression a delirious wolf would wear upon seeing a wounded calf.
“Going to 33,” the crazed constable said to Timmy. He struggled to hold back his joy and chuckled a rather evil laugh. “Looks like you’re gonna’ be George’s new friend. I think he’ll like you…a lot.”
Timmy could sense the sarcasm and impending dread in the constable’s all-too-happy voice. He prayed that whoever George was, he could at least be reasoned with. 
“Yeah, last guy George roomed with found himself in the morgue. Good old George must’ve suffocated him in his sleep. No one saw anything. We just found the man in the morning, tucked under his covers, dead as a door nail.” The constable told the tale like it was a common occurrence. “Maybe you’ll have better luck.”
A few paces further and Timmy found himself on the cellblock. Passing by caged cretins, he received a variety of welcomes. One man shook his cell bars like a captured chimpanzee, all the while shouting and spitting. Another stared a hole through Wicketts as he passed by. The glare had the searing intensity of hot lead on exposed flesh. A couple of inmates paid no mind at all. Their wills had long since been broken.
Finally, Timmy was brought to a halt at a cell at the end of the line. It had a large, faded 33 painted above thick, black iron bars. Inside, a mighty man stood motionless, his wide back facing Timmy. From behind, it was obvious the guy was thick and sturdy, with long, dirty, knotted hair. His arms were tattoo-covered and stiff as he held them to his sides. Large, clenched fists budded at the ends. The constable unlocked the door, sending a loud clang echoing through the cavernous building.
“George, got you some fresh meat,” the officer stated while pushing Timmy into the cell.
Timmy stumbled over his own feet, then quickly inched into the corner farthest from his new bunkmate. George still had not moved a muscle. It was as if he was in a comatose state, and Timmy was not keen on waking him. A second loud clang rang ominously as the constable locked the door. Wicketts was officially behind bars and now trapped alone with an unpredictable convict. 
The imprisoned Perfect slowly leaned out of his corner and tried to peer around the man’s shoulder in hopes of seeing his face. What he found was a broad, whisker-covered profile, the look of which put the man on par with a grizzly. When the fellow noticed Timmy attempting eye contact, he snapped around and threw a wicked glower in Wicketts’ direction. A spittle of drool oozed from the corner of his mouth. Then, with fury, the convict took three powerful strides toward Timmy, snatched him up by his lapels, and drove him back into the corner. Timmy immediately flashed back to the beatings he received at Vainville.
Through gritted teeth and an enraged delivery, this man named George let out a gnarled bunch of gobbledy-gook. “Blagger bla, grumpty grum! Blagger bla! Tor tim grum, blagger bla!”
Timmy had no idea what George was saying. It could have been Swahili for all he knew. But, regardless of the words, there was no doubting the tone. George was furious. He held Timmy there for a moment, locking eyes and spitting more drool. He then released his grip and walked over to his bunk. As George sat on the edge of his stained mattress, he rested his forearms upon his knees and mumbled incoherently, all the while keeping his pupils fixed on Timmy.
Timmy cautiously moved toward his own bunk and carefully sat down. He had no idea what action, or inaction, may set the convict off again. He wanted to keep a sharp eye on George as well, but his glances were met with a continued glare, and intimidation was setting in. Eventually, Wicketts threw his legs up onto the mattress and slowly laid down. He averted his eyes, but did his best to keep George in his periphery. Lying there on a thin, cold, knotty mattress with a madman sitting only feet away, Timmy was in one of the most uncomfortable circumstances he could imagine.
Had the unfortunate thespian been paired with someone who at least spoke English, he may have been motivated to drum up a conversation. But George apparently couldn’t manage anything close to a discernable word. As he lay there, Timmy could hear him sporadically mumble some sort of something, a sentence perhaps, or a name. Whatever it was, it wasn’t recognizable. However, this mental query became a much-needed game for Wicketts. As George blurted out some sort of nonsense, Timmy would try to decipher it in his mind. The translation task went on for the next hour or so as Timmy quietly contemplated the gibberish, searching for clues to its meaning. The exercise gratefully helped usher the day along.
Before Timmy knew it, three constables reappeared at their cage door.
“Up you filthy dogs!” one of the officers yelled.
George rose slowly, and Timmy followed. The lawmen unlatched the door and motioned for the inmates to shuffle out. They did. Whatever was happening, George apparently knew the drill. He kept in step and did whatever was asked, almost before it was even said. Timmy simply mimicked his cellmate’s actions. 
Bound in chains, the two were lead down the hall and then to a stairwell. Off in the distance, Timmy could hear the growing sound of group conversation. It continued to escalate until they finally reached the source. Hundreds of gray-uniformed prisoners sat at the long tables of the jail’s mess hall. The constables shoved Timmy and George into the room and then took up positions of vigilance among the barrier of officers stationed around the cafeteria’s perimeter. 
George immediately made his way toward a table. When he sat down, the three other inmates there got up and rushed off to find another seat. George’s reputation was well known, and it resulted in many solitary meals for the crazed jailbird.
Timmy scanned the room and was enthralled to see Francis frantically waving to him from a distant bench. He hurriedly went over to meet his friend. Snoots was there too, although wisely choosing to be less flamboyant in his display of happiness. He offered only a single nod of recognition upon seeing Timmy.
“Francis, Snoots, how’s it been?” Timmy asked with concern.
“Boring,” was Snoots’ sour reply.
“He’s just sore because I won first pick of beds,” Francis explained.
“So you’re cellmates?”
“Fortunately, yes. I saw you coming in here with that ogre-looking chap. He’s your ‘mate?”
“Unfortunately, yes. The fellow’s absolutely insane. He accosted me almost immediately, spitting out some type of jibber-jabber. He keeps gabbing the nonsense too, like he’s talking to someone who understands him. Maybe he’s saying something to me, maybe to his invisible friend, maybe to the voices in his head. I have no clue because I can’t make heads or tails of any of it.”
A server passed by the men and dropped a repugnant bowl of broth in front of each inmate. Snoots sniffed the skilly and shoved it to the side in disgust. Francis and Timmy looked at one another with a bit of hesitation before simultaneously taking a spoonful. It was bland, but edible.
“What’s worse,” Timmy continued between scoops, “a constable said the loon killed his last cellmate. They think he suffocated him in his sleep.”
Francis was both worried and appalled. “What are you going to do?”
“I guess sleep as little as possible. We’re only here for a week. I can toughen it out.”
“Hopefully only a week,” said the pessimistic Sir Snoots. “Now that we’re locked away, they could keep up as long as they want.”
The nightmarish thought was not one Timmy and Francis wanted to dwell upon, no matter how true it may have been.
Timmy’s face grew defiant once more. “I’ll tell you this much though, once we get out of here, I’ll be right back to sticking it to that horrible mayor and his scumbag puppeteer, John Smith.”
Suddenly, an older man positioned a seat away injected himself into the conversation.
“John Smith, the self-proclaimed actor extraordinaire?” the man wanted to clarify.
“Yeah, that’s the guy,” Francis replied. “You know him?”
The elderly inmate’s eyes filled with fury, “Know him? That bastard is the reason I’m rotting away in this damned stone block. If I ever get out, my first order of business is to kill that scoundrel, even if it puts me right back in!”
The mention of Smith struck a deep, resentful chord in the gray-bearded man’s heart. He could barely contain the shakes brought on by his hatred.
The oldie moved closer to the Perfects. “So, how’d that toad get you three gents locked up?”
“You see,” Timmy began, “we are part of an acting troupe called The Royal Perfects…”
“The Royal Perfects. No fooling? I was talking to a guy up on A block the other day that said he saw you once. Said it was the damndest show he’d ever witnessed. You guys have a rep as the best around. What the hell happened?”
“Smith happened. He was jealous. He couldn’t accept his own troupe was just plain terrible, so he enlisted the help of Upper Southrump’s new mayor and closed down our production house. We weren’t going to just let it all pass into the night, so we decided to keep on performing. We took to the streets and held impromptu acts. Well, that didn’t sit well, and the mayor—I’m sure at Smith’s insistence—had us locked up. We’re sentenced to one week. If we get caught again, it’ll be a year.”
The old man stroked his beard. “I got that beat,” he said. “Smith won me a ten-year sentence. I used to employ the nefarious imp. He framed me for forgery, stole my money, and ran off scot free.”
The tale lit a wick in Timmy’s mind. He looked at the aged man with more scrutiny. “Mr. Jenkins?” he asked.
“Yeah, that’s my name, Reginald T. Jenkins. Do I know you?”
“No, not really, but I know your daughter.”
Mr. Jenkins’ eyes began to mist. Thoughts of his daughter rose to the surface. “My Genny. How is she?”
Timmy was pained to tell Mr. Jenkins what had transpired. The man had already lost his freedom due to Smith, but hearing how his devious plot had virtually imprisoned Genny may have very well sent him over the edge. Timmy swallowed hard and told Reginald the entire state of affairs. He could see the sorrow of it all stacking like bricks upon Mr. Jenkins’ already burdened back. When it was finished, the poor man sat in silent agony. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Jenkins,” offered a sympathetic Timmy. “I just wish there was something we could do, some way to prove your innocence.”
“Believe me, I’ve thought long and hard about the same. There’s only one thing that may be able to clear me. I know it exists because I saw it myself, and I know Smith all too well. The little turd kept a detailed ledger of all his dealings. He left it behind one day at the parlor. I happened to come across it the next morning and started to leaf through, not knowing exactly what it was. Smith showed up and snatched it out of my hands. He told me it was only a list of contacts, friends from his acting academy. At the time, I paid it little mind, but now looking back, I know it was a log of his black market dealings. 
“Funny thing was, I only saw it for a minute, but a couple names written in the book stuck with me. They were just so odd. Verlander ‘The Beak’ Oats was one of them. What’s even more fortuitous is that I ran into Verlander Oats a couple weeks after I was locked away. I didn’t know who he was, just started up a conversation with a new dreg, and after this and that, I heard his name and it sparked my memory. Oats said he’d been locked away for smuggling. When I asked him if he knew Smith, he said he did. They had cut a few deals and made some good coin. I didn’t let on my exact connection, but it was all the proof I needed. If someone could get a hold of that ledger, it may be able to set things right.”
Timmy knew who that person would be. If getting the book could free Mr. Jenkins, thereby removing the grip Smith held over Genny, then that’s exactly what he planned to do.
“Mr. Jenkins, I’ll get that blasted ledger,” Timmy stated boldly.
Francis and Snoots could easily comprehend Timmy’s motivation. Genny was still on his mind.
“Once Percival Snodgrass’ decreed sentence ends, I’ll make it my mission.”
The mention of that name brought another visible reaction to Reginald Jenkins’ face. “Percival Snodgrass. Is he the mayor now?” 
“He is,” Timmy replied. “He was elected not too long ago.”
Mr. Jenkins face grew long. “That just about smothers any hope. Hell, I dealt with Snodgrass myself occasionally. He was a slimy, egotistical individual who I never really cared for. He often made advances toward Genny I thought were inappropriate. He was a real smarmy type of lad, but one that Smith felt we needed to keep as a client. Smith convinced me that Snodgrass brought in a nice satchel of change and was worth the pain. Eventually, I let Smith handle all dealings with Snodgrass. The pair seemed to do a lot of transactions, and I was spared having to put up with him. As long as everything kept on the up-and-up and contracts were paid on time and in full, I thought nothing more of it. 
“As I think back now, I wouldn’t be at all surprised to discover that Snodgrass also had a hand in Smith’s illegal deals. There was more than a few hints, like hushed conversations that would end as I passed by and after-hours meetings held at the parlor in my absence. If the tight, underhanded connection you spoke of between the two exists now, I bet you all the gruel in this urine-soaked mess hall that they were in cahoots back then. As long as Percival Snodgrass is mayor, no amount of proof in the world will get him to convict John Smith. I’m sure the mayor would fear the trail could eventually lead back to him.”
“Mr. Jenkins is right,” Snoots agreed. “Smith and Snodgrass no doubt have a devious connection. Our current state is evidence of that. Even if the matter would be brought to light, the mayor, and in turn the chief constable, would turn a blind eye. I’m sorry to say, but nothing can come of any of this.”
Timmy was just as disheartened as Reginald Jenkins. It was a frustrating realization and one that was further exaggerated by their dismal surroundings. A constable then shouted loud that the time for chow was at an end. All of the inmates rose from their benches and raced to form two single-file lines. Timmy shook hands with his friends and Mr. Jenkins, and then departed. They all scurried to pair with their respective cellmates as guards verbally berated them while dishing out a painful dessert of baton strikes. Once in order, they were systematically escorted off to their crypt-like abodes.
Back in the cell, Timmy quickly found himself playing the same game he had before. George scratched markings into the stone wall by his bed using a rock chip he had found on the floor. All the while, he chatted to no one in particular using a language only he could understand. The ramblings were varied and at times melodic, and Timmy occupied the remaining hours of his first day continuing to make mental notes and connections concerning the words he was hearing. It was a pointless mental diversion he was very happy to have.
As time passed, fatigue began to set in and Timmy caught himself dozing. He could still hear the blabbering of George fading in and out, but he just couldn’t keep his eyes open. Despite his worry that sleep would lead to suffocation, Timmy just couldn’t fight it off. His heavy lids fell shut, and he was out. 
The slumber was light, however. Worry stirred him awake numerous times that first evening. Dreams and nightmares tugged at Timmy’s emotions convincing him of impending doom. But when he opened his eyes, he was met by darkness and the candle-lit shadow of George snoring away on his cot. Convinced he was safe, Timmy closed his eyes once more, only to repeat the ritual minutes later. 
Daybreak came with the clanging of a baton across the iron bars of the cell door. It startled Timmy and he sat straight up in bed. George was already awake, squatting over the latrine. The whole place had a constant, unpleasant stench, so thankfully for Timmy, George’s business just blended in.
“Recreation!” shouted a constable as he unlocked the cell doors. Bound once again, George and Timmy were led to a courtyard at the center of the Grinder. It was an open-air, brick-covered slab. A couple of gardens once housed flowers and plants, but now contained only weeds and dead stalks. There were benches and a patch of brown grass, but otherwise, not much to note.
Several dozen inmates milled about the area. Some formed into small groups and exchanged banter while others chose to sit alone. George could be counted among the latter. He strode over to a spot under a dead oak tree as other inmates cleared a path, eager to stay out of his way. Timmy spotted Mr. Jenkins by a low brick wall. He was talking to Snoots and Francis.
“Sirs,” Timmy greeted. “Fine morning, isn’t it?” All four men looked toward the drab overcast sky. It was lifeless and chilly, much like their current living conditions.
“Yes, a fine day, lad,” Mr. Jenkins replied with sarcasm. “Your friends here tell me you are quite the actor, Mr. Wicketts.”
Timmy waved off the compliment in protest.
“Don’t be modest, Timmy,” Francis said. “You’re top of the class.” 
“I have a great supporting cast,” he deflected.
A strange voice broke into the conversation. “Hey, boy,” the baritone sound began, “you look like you’re ten years old.”
Timmy and the others turned to see a large, muscled man with a bald head approaching them. He had several similar-looking fellows with him. All sported polished domes, but the speaker was by far the largest and most imposing.
“How’s a pretty little twerp like you get yourself locked up in a place like this?” the hairless monster asked. Before Timmy could even say a word, the man cut him short. “Eh, who cares? All that matters is you’re here, and you failed to properly introduce yourself. That wasn’t very nice.”
Mr. Jenkins whispered to Snoots. He told him that these guys were members of the Bald Bricklayer Gang of Bentley Hill. The largest one was called Hammer, and he liked to make sure everyone knew, and feared, the name. 
The behemoth crowded in on Timmy, forcing him to take a step back. 
“Since you’ve refused to introduce yourself, I figured I’d let you know who I am. They call me Hammer, and I’m about to pound that name it into your brain.” 
The big man clenched his fist and raised it high. Snoots and Francis stepped up hoping to defend their friend. Hammer’s men moved forward as well, outnumbering the Perfects. It was a tense standoff that only grew more so when George came walking into the middle of it.
“Brattle bran!” he shouted at the top of his lungs. Hammer and the rest of the Bald Bricklayer Gang were caught off guard by the sudden outburst.
“Brattle bran!” George blurted again, this time posturing up and swinging his arms wildly. Everyone packed away from the flailing lunatic, Bricklayers and Perfects alike.
“Brattle bran! Brattle bran!” The jawing psychotic just kept shouting and twisting, spitting and turning with ever-increasing frenzy. “Brattle bran!”
Constables began to notice the incident and headed toward the congregation.
“Brattle bran!” came another cry.
The officers surrounded the group of inmates and pulled out their batons.
“Alright boys, break it up,” shouted one of the officers as he swung his club and rapped a few shins. George simply continued to spin about in a violent fit of spasm. Hammer gave Timmy a stern eye and retreated. His minions followed. Francis, Snoots, Mr. Jenkins and Timmy withdrew as well, leaving four guards to corral a wired George.
The order was issued that recreation was over and everyone was to line up for escort. As the convicts hustled to obey, Timmy could see George slowly calming down. Maybe the guards had talked him into submission, or maybe he was just tiring out. Whatever the case, George’s outburst saved Timmy a mouthful of knuckles that morning, and he was thankful.



=====

Chapter 12: Confined Creativity

The rest of the second day was more of the same for Timmy. He’d spend hours in his cell being entertained by the oddity that was George, get a break to eat and talk with Francis, Snoots, and Mr. Jenkins, spend more time listening to the Georgian gibberish, eat again, and then slowly fall into a light sleep. It was a new, if not monotonous, routine.
On the third day, Timmy found himself spooning back more gruel in the mess hall. He and Mr. Jenkins, along with Francis and Sir Snoots, had been discussing John Smith and Mayor Snodgrass.
Short of assassination, no one could figure out an effective means of justice. Finding Smith’s ledger of illegal deals would be a step in the right direction, but with Percival in power, little would come of it. What’s more, no one knew exactly where the ledger resided. Reason dictated that Smith kept it at his current residence, a flat not far from the Halfwit Theater, but there was no certainty. The quartet just seemed to talk in circles, always arriving back at the same hopeless conclusion.
A baton tap on Timmy’s shoulder ended the gab session.
“Warden wants to see you, Wicketts,” a dark-haired constable stated. “Come with me.”
Timmy’s friends looked on with concern as the officer snatched him by the arm, raised him to his feet, and then escorted the soft-featured gent out of the mess hall. The path to the warden’s office wound through a series of halls and spiraling staircases. When they finally reached the solid oak door labeled WARDEN, Timmy couldn’t even recall the exact way they had traveled. The constable struck his club against the wood.
“Come in,” was the reply heard from inside.
The bobby pushed open the door and moved Timmy into the suite. It was a lavishly decorated room. Long, red velvet curtains framed huge cathedral-style windows. Tapestries and fine art hung on every inch of the wall, and sitting behind an enormous mahogany desk was a short, sharp man with thin cheeks and a freshly waxed brown mustache that curled up on either end. Wire-rimmed spectacles hung just above his yellow nose.
“Timothy Wicketts?” the warden asked.
“Yes, Sir,” Timmy verified.
“I heard you were brought in. I hope you’ve found your new accommodations pleasing.” The warden’s words were soaked in sarcasm with a smirk added at the end for good measure.
“Let me cut to the chase. I oversee hundreds of the most detestable, deplorable, wastes of space ever to walk God’s green earth. They are worthless human beings bred from the worst stock, and if I had my way, every single one of these felons would enter my jail through the front door and promptly exit out the back in a pine box.”
The warden was obviously not one to mince words.
“But,” he continued, “there are certain regulations on the books I am bound to abide by. One such provision is the sporadic necessity to provide events of diversion. It is believed such things keep the inmates in a more content frame of mind. Think of a dog that is given a bone every so often. The dog will tend to stay obedient in hopes he is rewarded, and the fact that he never knows when that will be keeps him always on guard and ever vigilant of the need for constant, proper behavior. The mongrels here are much the same way, and it is once again time to throw them a bone. 
“You, Mr. Dinkyworth, and Mr. McGee will be such a morsel. Our next scheduled diversion will take the form of a play put on by you and your mates. We’ll hold it in the mess hall three days from now. I expect a certain level of quality, Mr. Wicketts, and I warn you not to disappoint.”
Timmy scratched his head in confusion. “Sir, you do know we were locked away for the very thing you’re asking us to repeat.”
“I know damn well why you are here, boy! But you’re in the Grinder now. Mayor Snodgrass may hold sway over the brunt of Southrump, but here, bound between these ancient stone walls, I am king. It is my world and my word. You shall put on a play, an original work. You shall do it with the unwavering expertise to which your reputation attests, and you shall put a smile on my face. Now, I grant you one extra hour, every day, after noon meal to sit and discuss with your Perfects just what captivating production you shall present. Then, on the fourth, you shall perform. Any questions?”
Timmy couldn’t think of anything off hand. He was still a bit stunned the warden would request such a thing. Nevertheless, it provided him something to occupy his hard time. So he accepted, not that he had a choice.
The warden excused him and ordered the constable to direct Wicketts back to the mess hall. Timmy was told to begin preparations that very afternoon and given a final warning that any shenanigans would only double his sentence.
Seated back with his mates, Timmy conveyed what they had just been tasked to do.
“He wants us to do what?” Snoots asked in astonishment.
Francis shook his head with an equal measure of disbelief. 
“Yeah, he wants us to perform a play,” Timmy affirmed. “Being the warden and all, we better make him happy. If we don’t, I fear our sentences may be extended. We don’t have much time to craft this, and the fact that he wants it to be an original work makes it all the more challenging.”
“Original? That does put the pressure on doesn’t it?” asked a worried Dinkyworth.
“Lucky for us, prison has given me ample time and inspiration. Here’s what I’m thinking. The story will focus on a man who wakes and finds himself on a beach. He has no idea how he got there, but hopes to find some answers in a nearby port village. Once there, he discovers the inhabitants don’t speak his language. They communicate in some crazy dialect he has never heard before. The plot unfolds as the man tries numerous other methods to get his ideas and questions across. He draws pictures in the sand, attempts charades, and finally, in failure, is left to just sit and listen to the gurgling and boo-baying of the villagers. 
“Only when he stops trying to figure out how he could talk to them, does he hear what they were saying. The people were speaking English, just backwards. By the end of it all, the grand revelation is that it wasn’t the villagers who couldn’t speak, it was the man couldn’t hear correctly. He had been out to sea on a fishing boat, caught in a storm. He was hit in the head with an oar and thrown overboard. The injury messed up his melon to the extent that he became audibly inverted. We’ll call it the The WordsBack Fisherman.”
“That’s a great concept,” Francis said excitedly. Snoots agreed.
“We can thank my blabbering cellmate. His gibberish sparked the idea in my head.”
The three friends continued to plan as the rest of the inmates were shuffled out of the mess hall. The extra time together was crucial, both for the success of the play and for the mental well-being of the three Perfects. By the end of their session, they had a clear vision, and quite an entertaining tale worked out.
Later that evening, Timmy found himself once again being lulled to sleep by the mumbling, crazy-talk of George. Lying there, listening, Timmy thought of his new play. Maybe there was something in George’s misshapen words that he was missing. Maybe what George was saying was perfectly clear, it was only that he could not properly hear it. The thought swayed back and forth in Timmy’s mind, quickly ushering him to a sound sleep.
That night, Timmy Wicketts was visited by a nasty dream. He saw Genny, literally caged and crying upon a stage. A single light shown upon her cowering form as John Smith circled the cell with a cane in hand, laughing and poking at her between the bars.
Timmy was in the audience, stuck in his seat and unable to get up. A few rows in front of him were other theatergoers. They giggled and chuckled at the spectacle, growing all the more delighted as Smith became all the more abusive. He spat on her, dug the cane into her side, and shouted vile words at the screaming woman. Each action was met by applause from the demonic crowd.
Timmy struggled to rise from his seat, held fast by an invisible hand. He shouted in anger and compassion, but his words simply faded into the abyss. It was an agony to watch, and as Smith laid down his cane and pulled out a cutlass, Timmy knew things were about to get far worse. That’s when he woke.
Cold beads of sweat hung on his forehead. It was a horrible vision, but thankfully, only a vision. Timmy scanned his surroundings, trying to re-establish his bearings. The dim light of the hallway candle cascaded into the cell. It moved through the crevices of the stone interior and shaped the form of a sleeping George. He rested heavily on his side with his back facing Timmy. Just below his dark silhouette, the light caught an odd sight. What looked like a slip of paper jutted out from beneath George’s mattress. It appeared as though words were written on the sheet. 
Curiosity got the best of Timmy. He crept down from his bed and crouched low to the cold floor. Like an insect carefully traversing a branch, he inched his way toward the page. Delicately, he reached for the corner of the sheet and pinched lightly. With a swift tug, Timmy obtained the document. He leaned back and into a more direct ray of candlelight.
“My dearest Amelia,” the letter began, “I think of you at every waking moment. I look upon your blue eyes and soft smile in my dreams. The years here have worn on my soul. While my ruse has kept me sheltered and without harm, it has further isolated me from others. The task has been arduous, the facade difficult at times to maintain, but survival does not always come easily. I refuse to give in, to give up, like Sam did. My time here is almost at an end, and I shall remain strong and diligent. That is the means by which I will transcend, and by which I will find your gentle embrace once more. With love, George.”
Timmy wasn’t sure exactly what he had read. It seemed like a correspondence written by his cellmate, but the man was as screwy as a hardware store. He couldn’t even utter a rational word let alone pen such thoughtful prose. Something was not adding up. 
Timmy leaned back into the shadows and carefully slid his hand under George’s mattress. He then inched the letter back into position, careful not to cause a disturbance. He didn’t want to wake George, and it was paramount that his cellmate not notice anything out of place. After nudging the paper a little bit left and a little bit right, he was pleased with the re-creation of placement and turned slowly back toward his own bed. That’s when he felt a vice-like grip snatch him by the shoulder. Dread flooded his heart. Timmy slowly swung around and was met by the cold glare of a wide-awake George. His deep red eyes, caught momentarily in the candle flame, flickered with fury.
“What have you seen?!” George questioned in clear, angry English.
Timmy was shocked to hear his unbroken speech.
“What have you seen?!” George demanded again.
“Your letter,” revealed a worried Wicketts.
“Listen, unless you want to sleep in a coffin, you’ll forget what you read and forget what you’re hearing right now. Got it.”
Timmy couldn’t help but press further. His inquisitive nature drowned out his fear. “But why?”
“Sometimes, you have to step out of yourself, become something different to survive.”
Timmy could relate. “By something different, do you mean a crazy Neanderthal of a man?”
“The Grinder is no place for the weak, especially when you’re doing years of hard time. Sooner or later, someone’s going to get bored and test your mettle. But, if you can prove you’re just crazy enough, just downright insane and forever on the brink, no one would dare go through the hassle of picking a fight. It just wouldn’t be worth it, and that’s how I’ve gotten by.”
“You built a reputation by acting six marbles shy of a sack, and then killing your old cell mate?”
“I didn’t kill Sam. He did it himself, poor guy. He and I were actually friends. We shared a cell for so long that he eventually figured me out, realized I was only acting. We started to talk and tell our stories to one another late at night, when it wouldn’t blow my cover. Sam had been imprisoned for theft, but after stealing a painting from one man’s private gallery, the fellow turned up dead. Investigators deemed Sam the culprit, but he didn’t do it. All the pleading in the world didn’t matter though because they found the painting in his possession and stuck him with both crimes. Sam wasn’t built for a life sentence in this hellhole. He was able to snatch a few opium pills from the prison infirmary. He kept doing it every now and then until he had a nice pocketful. Then, one night, he gulped down the lot, went to sleep, and never woke up again.”
It was a sad story, one that obviously still held a place of grief in George’s memory. 
“What put you here, George?” Timmy prodded.
With the cat now out of the bag, George revealed his past. His full name was George Humboldt Thistlebeard, and he was a rogue and a drifter. He had been incarcerated after stealing apples from Thornberry Orchard, a crime that, in and of itself, was a minor offense. But stealing the apples was only the first mistake. What got George into major trouble was that, upon fleeing from an irate and armed farmer, he chucked an exceptionally ripe fruit toward the fast-approaching man. It struck the apple farmer square in the unmentionables, dropping him in a heap. The farmer's flintlock dropped as well, firing blindly into a nearby pasture and striking his ass, killing it instantly. 
While apple stealing held a punishment of two-weeks indentured servitude, mule murder was a mandatory six-year prison sentence. George was found guilty of the latter. He had served five-and-a-half years time at this point, using the guise of a babbling, wailing berserker in order to keep those who may challenge him at bay. He let his appearance and hygiene go as well. This helped keep the ruse intact. Sam’s unfortunate suicide only strengthened the reputation. Rumors that George had killed him spread among the prison, but hard evidence was lacking, sparring Thistlebeard the conviction.
 The entire revelation was astounding to Timmy. He couldn’t believe someone would commit so soundly, for such duration, to an act such as the one George performed daily. The adage proved true. Some are indeed refined, like gold, in the furnace of affliction.
“Now listen, Wicketts, I have a few months left and I’ll be damned if you’re going to spill the beans.”
Timmy knew he would never reveal George’s secret. “I shall lock it away, tighter than this cell. You have my word.”
George extended his hand, and the two shook on the promise.
“George, I have to ask though, who’s Amelia?”
Thistlebeard’s mind wandered off, eventually finding a place of pleasure in his cranium. “I met her in a town not far from the orchard. She had a job at a wheat mill where I was looking for work. She was kind and beautiful, not one to pass quick judgment. We spent an afternoon together and I knew she was very special. We had a connection. That’s why I went to the orchard. I didn’t have much money, but I wanted to take her out on a picnic. We had planned on meeting that afternoon by the lake. I never made it there.
“I think about her all the time. She gets me through. I count down the days until my release, when I can see her again. In the meantime, I write her occasionally and secretly drop the letters in the prison mail. I know I’ll never be given a response since the warden and his men confiscate everything, but I imagine her sitting there on the bales, reading my letters and thinking of me. It helps.”
Timmy made his way back to his bed and laid quietly, listening to George’s story. He realized the man’s ruse had kept him away from others, and now that Timmy was in on the charade, it probably felt good for him to get everything off his chest. The two continued to converse among whispers, George telling Timmy all about his life as a wanderer, and Timmy telling George about The Royal Perfects and the play they had been ordered to perform. Eventually, the words went silent and the two men fell asleep again.
The next couple of days pretty much followed form. Timmy would wake and be taken to the yard for recreation. There, he met with Francis and Sir Snoots. The trio worked out more aspects of their upcoming production while Mr. Jenkins listened on in amusement. The constables watched the men closely, monitoring their progress at the warden’s request, and making sure everything discussed was kept on the up-and-up. The supervision had the added bonus of keeping Hammer and the Bald Bricklayer Gang at bay. Hammer was still eager to introduce Timmy to his brawny fists.
Another dose of confinement with the pretend lunatic George was followed by a meal, then more meeting time with the other Perfects. Eventually, the day drew to a close, and George and Timmy could talk some more under the cloak of night.
Before long, it was the day of the play. Timmy, Francis and Snoots gathered nervously behind a bed sheet curtain erected overtop a dining table platform in the mess hall. A good portion of the inmates had been given permission to watch the play. The warden, supported by several squads of officers, was present and prepared. Everyone waited in anticipation for the start of the action.
Backstage, the Perfects put on their makeshift costumes. They had been granted a selection of old bed coverings, discarded garments, and numerous other knickknacks for use in fashioning wardrobes. They were also allotted some odds and ends for prop and scenery construction. It wasn’t the most elegant collection of theater items, but they beat some of the junk Timmy had been forced to use in his early days as a street performer.
After a deep breath and a shared wish of luck, the men took to the stage. Laughs and mocking gestures melded with a smattering of insincere clapping. It wasn’t the ovation to which they had grown accustomed, but at least they weren’t being booed. Francis played the part of a narrator setting up scenes when necessary, then doubling as a villager. Timmy acted as the star, the mentally maligned sailor, Toot Brineworthy, and Sir Snoots played the mayor of the port village, Stanley Frontwards. 
At first, every bit of dialogue and comedy was met by a nasty comment shouted from one of the faceless felons constituting the crowd. But, as the story unfolded, less and less vulgarity filled the air. It was slowly replaced by genuine laughter and joy. When the tale reached its ending, the convict crowd erupted in applause and true appreciation. The warden was pleased and even offered a salutation himself. Timmy was relieved when he took his final bow and exited behind the curtain once more.
The inmates were still cheering and the warden quickly moved to control the rising emotion. Constables blew whistles and brandished batons, rounding the men up and escorting them back to their cells. Amongst the chaos, Hammer and a couple of his bricklayer buddies ducked behind the stage where they were able to corner Timmy, Francis and Snoots.
“Look hear, fellas,” Hammer said with a grin, “it’s Wicketts, the warden’s fairy storyteller. You looked pretty, done up in your little costume, boy.”
“We have no issue with you,” Sir Snoots declared. “Kindly return to your cell lest the constables take a club to your knees.”
“You threatening me, you stuck-up piece of trash!”
Sir Snoots widened his stance.
“You’re just as bad as your boyfriend, old man,” Hammer shouted. He reached over and grabbed a broom handle that had been used as a prop oar. “You walk around like you got a stick up your rump. Well, how’s about we make that a certitude.”
Hammer lunged for Snoots, but before he could land a blow, a catapulting George came careening through the stage curtain.
“Brattle bran! Bran!” he shouted, tackling Hammer. The surprise assault had taken everyone off guard, and the rest of the men pulled back as the two wrestled on the ground. Hammer was much bigger, but George had unparalleled tenacity. He was able to get the jump and place Hammer in a stifling headlock. As the big bricklayer struggled, George cinched the lock on tighter. A desperate swing landed a stiff right to George’s head, but the crazy man would not relinquish the hold. He clenched with greater force. 
Moments later, constables rushed the scene. It took quite a few strikes to loosen George’s grip, but after a well-placed blow to his ribs, the hairy warrior winced in pain and let go.
“Take those two men to solitary!” the warden shouted with authority. “The rest of you, back to your cells!”
As a bloodied George and battered Hammer were dragged off, Timmy was overcome with gratitude. His cellmate’s actions had saved him and his two friends a terrible beating once again. It was an act of self-sacrifice, and one not to be forgotten.
The day was drawing to a close, and Timmy sat by himself in his cell. Without George to talk to, Timmy kept busy writing. He jotted down notes and things to remember if they were ever going to perform The WordsBack Fisherman again. His concentration was broken when he heard the wrap of wood against the cell bars.
“Warden present,” issued a constable.
Timmy looked up to see the warden at his cell door.
“Mr. Wicketts, that was a fine play. I commend you,” he congratulated.
“Thank you, Sir.”
“You’ll be happy to know that, as of tomorrow morning, your debt to society will have been paid. You and your friends will be free to go. While I hope you have learned from your mistakes and do not repeat them, I will tell you flatly that should you be brought in again, you better believe I’ll be expecting another wonderful work of stage.”
“Warden, what will Mayor Snodgrass think when he hears you had us perform?”
“Mr. Wicketts, as I told you before, within these walls, it is my world. I decide what happens here. Snodgrass has little concern. As long as those deemed guilty are off his pretty Southrump streets, he’ll stay out of my business. I have no love of Snodgrass. He’s the reason I’m warden here. I used to be chief constable, but when he came into power, he cleaned house. Those he disagreed with, he imprisoned one way or another. My sentence was as horrible as any convict’s. While he couldn’t bind me in shackles, he could put me behind a desk, isolated at the grand source of isolation. So, Mr. Wicketts, I do not fear Snodgrass’ retribution. He’s already exiled me.”
The warden’s words came with great acrimony.  Obviously, he and the mayor had a tension-filled past, and his feelings were not soon to dissipate. With a final nod of recognition, the warden turned to walk away, but then halted for a moment.
“And one more thing. I know you’ll be pleased to hear that Hammer and George were given an extended sentence for their brawl, six more months added to each term. I realize both men had threatened you physical harm, so rest assured, they will be locked away for much longer.”
The warden continued down the hall. Timmy was sad to hear about George. It would now be almost another full year until he would be released, and it was partly Timmy’s own fault. George was just coming to his aid. That night, Timmy slept poorly with guilt providing an uncomfortable blanket.
The constables did not wake Timmy the next day. He was already up. He was looking forward to his release, and when an officer came and unlocked the cell door, he was quick to scurry out. Despite the restless night, the promise of freedom energized Wicketts. He walked closely behind his escort as they wound through the Grinder labyrinth, eventually passing the same processing clerk that had documented his arrival. The cock-eyed man gave him another looking-over, handed him a clean set of clothes and a couple coins, and then sent him on his way.
Timmy’s escort led him out the front door, past the guard posts, and through the main gate. Francis and Sir Snoots were already outside. The day was gray, but the sky never looked better. As the enormous wooden doors were closed and locked behind them, the three Perfects inhaled a deep, cleansing breath of freedom. 
The paddy wagon ride to the jail was fairly lengthy. It traveled out of town, through the farm-filled countryside and eventually arrived at the remote mountain locale. Without transportation back, the men knew the journey could take some time, but walking home was infinitely better than being locked away. They laid their boots to the dirt road and trudged off.
Summer was slowly turning to fall in Upper Southrump, and the morning air had begun to gain a definite chill. The surrounding forest was still green, for the most part, but an eager tree here and there was changing its hue. The men wandered by an old dilapidated shack, sitting like a slouched, aged man among a field of grain. They passed by a stretch of wooden fence, quartering off a flock of fluffy sheep. The beasts bayed a greeting upon seeing them. As Timmy and friends continued on, they talked to pass the time.
The trio discussed all manner of things. Of particular topic was what to do once they got back. Timmy was still motivated to right the wrongs done them by Percival and John Smith, but was now more wary of risking another trip to the Grinder. None were fond of heading back there anytime soon, and they hoped to spare their kinsmen the same experience. Sabotage was brought up. Maybe they could work to foil the performances of the Ill So-Sos. Maybe they could spoil their shows through underhanded means. While the concept did provide a certain level of satisfaction, all three concurred it wouldn’t really change anything.
Soon, the Perfects found themselves in a small village. Written on a signpost at the edge of the shire was, TRISTBURGH BOROUGH – POPULATION 56. The tiny farming community consisted of a few homes, a market, a blacksmith and a tavern called The Rosy Plume. Hunger was beginning to set in, so the fellows decided to see what they could get in the pub.
Inside, they found a sparsely patronized establishment. A few men were seated about the place, eating, drinking and talking. Timmy, Francis and Snoots stepped up to the bar and ordered some grub. With their meager money, they could afford only a few beet cakes and a bottle of brew apiece. It was fine enough, and a welcome change to their previous diet of jailhouse gruel. 
Gnawing away at the crisp pastries, the trio noticed a bit of a commotion just outside the tavern window. A carriage had pulled up, and two constables stepped out of the cabin accompanied by a third man, cloaked in a hood and long coat. The three men quickly entered the bar and promptly split up. The hooded man immediately ascended a staircase to the second floor while the officers ordered a few pints and took a seat at a table across the room. The rest of the customers paid no attention at all.
“Barkeep,” Timmy said, signaling toward the man behind the counter.
The purveyor wiped up a wet spot and handed a frosted mug to Wicketts.
In a hushed tone, Timmy asked, “Who was that?”
The barkeep smiled. “Southrump’s mayor, Percival Snodgrass.”
At the mention of his name, Timmy, Snoots, and Francis pulled their collars up higher and averted their gaze from the constables sitting nearby.
“Snodgrass?” Timmy continued. “What’s he doing here?”
The barkeep just widened his smile and looked down at the coins beneath Timmy’s hand. His desire was clear, and Wicketts loosened his tongue with a shilling.
“He comes here on business, every so often.”
“But why the undercover coach? That isn’t the formal ride of the mayor. And why so incognito?”
Another gold token bought more information.
“The mayor likes to keep his indiscretions discrete.”
“Indiscretions?”
“Yeah, if you boys are interested, you can get in on the action, too. We run a pretty successful brothel upstairs. I see you don’t have much in your purse, but there’s probably a girl or two that will cut you a deal.”
Timmy couldn’t believe his luck. The information was as good as gold. He passed the barkeep one more coin and a word of thanks. He guzzled down his beverage and motioned to Snoots and Francis that it was probably best to leave. Francis jammed a whole beet cake in his mouth while Snoots looked on in disgust. McGee laid out a napkin, placed his uneaten cakes in the middle, and folded up the nice little package before sliding it into his pocket. The men then quickly ducked out of the tavern.
“Timmy, I wouldn’t have minded seeing what a few pennies could have gotten me,” Francis stated.
“Sorry, friend, but I didn’t want to risk a run-in with Snodgrass or his men. If he had seen us all there together, there’s no doubt he’d jump at the opportunity to prosecute and send us back to prison. Plus, I just got a marvelous idea I’m excited to share with everyone else. We need to hurry back to the Stoops. I think I may have figured out a way to rightfully repay the Mayor once and for all.”



=====

Chapter 13: Duchess Josephina’s Secret

Francis and Snoots did their best to draw a further explanation out of Timmy, but Wicketts remained tight-lipped. He wanted to lay it out in front of the entire troupe so that everyone could contemplate the idea all at once. With a newly sparked fervor, Timmy quickened the group’s pace back to Lester’s, and as the sun faded slowly behind the clouds, they squeezed through the back window of their temporary hideaway.
Their presence was immediately met by the gleefully delighted Twitch. He let out a thrilling trail of tweets before landing upon Timmy’s shoulder and nuzzling into his neck. Joy filled the barren jam jar-sealing store. The gang had just been sitting down to dinner when the three missing members appeared. Warm hugs and hoorahs were showered upon them, as well as a bevy of questions concerning the experiences they had at the jail.
Soon after the men had been taken away, word spread, and Bugs had put a hold on their blitzkrieg-style performances. They had opted to regroup and lay low for the past week, just waiting quietly for their convicted compatriots to return. Now that they had, all eleven men were energized and reinvigorated. The Perfects were reunited again. They made room for their mates and passed a fresh plate of beef to each. All looked toward Timmy, eager to hear what he thought they should do next.
After scarfing down a slice of meat, Timmy stood to address his clan. “Gentlemen, the Grinder is no place to be. It is brimming with angry souls and bad intentions and has the ever-present stench of feces. Fellas, I look to spare you all the pain of experience. But, fate must have guided us there because our ordeal yielded two marvelous discoveries. The first came from a man who once employed John Smith. Smith framed him for forgery and crooked dealings, and the gentleman swore his innocence to no avail. He believes a ledger detailing Smith’s underhanded exploits exists, and that it just may set the record straight. If we can obtain the book, we may be able to get Smith locked away for years.”
“But that coward Smith has protection,” Bugs interjected. “As long as the mayor is in his pocket, he isn’t going anywhere, even if we produce the damning information.”
“Ah, you are indeed correct, Bugs, but a second revelation came at a place known as The Rosy Plume. It was a rather inconspicuous pub just north of Southrump. There we happened upon quite a sight. Our fastidious and morally concerned mayor stopped by to pay a visit. He was without his normal regalia, and when we prodded the barkeep with a few shillings, the man revealed Percival Snodgrass is a pretty routine customer of the brothel located above the bar.”
“My word, if his wife, Madison, ever found out…,” began a stunned Smirks Puffchest.
“My word indeed,” continued Timmy. “But she only makes up a fraction of the fearful fallout. Gents, there are two things our egocentric mayor craves more than anything else—women and power. The latter is dependent on the continued love of a specific member of the former. If we can prove his scandalous affairs to Madison, and her influential father, Admiral Strutney, that weasel Snodgrass will be run out of office faster than a pig chariot rounds a bend.”
The pig chariot reference had the other Perfects momentarily perplexed, but they got the gist. All began to discuss the concept with heightened gusto.
“How do we set him up? Do we just do it at the Rosy Plume?” Romeo asked.
“No, his guard would be up. He obviously takes greater measures to ensure discretion when he heads there,” Brock countered.
“Agreed,” supported Timmy. “We need to play on his insatiable passion. We’ve seen how he’s ogled lasses at our plays. He’s always seeking out possible prospects. We need to provide bait he couldn’t possibly forego. Something he will be so immediately enthralled with that he will throw caution to the wind. We need a woman of utmost beauty with a lineage of fortune. I’m thinking a Devin air damsel with royal connections and a foreign flare. We construct a story, a visiting duchess from a far away land. She’s in town for only a brief stay, looking to invest in a Southrump enterprise. She’ll be sophisticated, flattering, and willing.”
“Um, Timmy,” Lancelot interrupted, “where are we going to find a woman like that?”
“Especially one that would be so willing,” added Benedict.
Timmy got a wilily look in his eye. “Come on, lads, we’re The Royal Perfects. We can be anyone. John, you were a woman for months there, and Francis, you’ve crafted quite a feminine persona on stage.”
“Yeah, But look at the two of us,” John Ladyfist said in objection. “I’m a middle-aged hag at best, and Francis has a beak that would turn off a blind man.”
Francis frowned while wiggling his rather elongated nose.
“They’re right, Timmy,” agreed Bugs. “There’s only one among us with the skill and fair looks to pull it off.”
All eyes were on Wicketts. Butterflies began to stir in the pit of his belly. He didn’t want to admit it, but he knew they were right. Only he possessed the necessary qualities.
“Then it shall be me,” he stated with purpose. His friends let out a resounding cheer of approval. “Okay, so her name will be Duchess Angelina Josephina. She’ll be of royal heritage, coming from a small fiefdom in rural Italy. I can do an Italian accent.”
Bugs could see the whole thing coming together. “Yeah, that’s good, and she should have a couple of royal escorts, being a duchess and all. Brock and I can handle that.”
“But how do we get the mayor and Ms. Josephina in a proper predicament?” Francis wondered.
“The Summer’s End Gala,” said Sir Snoots. “It is only a week away. Per tradition, it is held at the Mayor’s mansion. All the luminaries of Upper Southrump are invited. If we can get the duchess an invite, she could make her introductions and hopefully enchant the ravenous rascal. I can try some of my past industry connections and talk up her arrival and mission of investment. I’m sure at least one ambitious merchant will be able to appropriate an invite for her in the hopes of establishing a financial partnership.”
“That sounds great, Sir Snoots,” Bugs said with excitement. “First thing in the morning, get out there and start spreading the word.”
“In the meantime, we have to make you something absolutely stunning to wear.” John Ladyfist began to riffle through some of their boxes, pulling out bits of fabric and old gowns.
As the night rolled on, the energized crew worked over the details, smoothing out the range of possibilities and "what if?" scenarios. Timmy began to commit a solid and plausible back-story to memory, all the while practicing an Italian accent. The plan was now in motion. If successful, they would be one step closer to recapturing their legacy.
The Royal Perfects crafted an intricate facade for Duchess Josephina. It was logical and detailed, but not overly cumbersome in its content. While the character needed to be believable, she was to be more about looks than substance. Timmy’s thin build and high cheekbones proved a worthy canvas for creating the elegant Italian. John Ladyfist tailored a marvelous ball gown. Its silky white swatches shimmered with pearlessence. He also sewed added padding into the interior, giving Timmy a very appealing set of womanly curves in all the right places. Beautifully ornate, yet entirely bogus, gold- and diamond-jeweled accessories added a sense of wealth.
With Romeo’s assistance, Timmy was given a fine makeup makeover, accentuating his eyes and lips and really pulling forth his most girlish qualities. To top it all off, a wonderful blonde wig was combed and styled into a grand pompadour of curls and ribbon.
Timmy was a very attractive woman.
Brock and Bugs were also decked out in formal attire fitting royal Italian security. They changed their facial appearances through grooming and makeup, and worked on very rough verbal accents that were believable, but harsh. This gave them the added ability to keep any conversation short, blaming their curt communication on poor English.
Duchess Angelina Josephina and her two royal escorts were well-schooled and looking marvelous. All they needed was access to the event, and Sir Snoots came through a day prior to the gala. Many of his past business leads had shrugged him off, still wary of his infamous reputation-killing debacle. But in the end, one came through. Lured by the promise of meeting a wealthy Italian investor, Madame Teresa Tittlebop agreed to give Angelina Josephina her invitation to the gala, provided Duchess Josephina met with her to discuss a business proposition. 
Madame Tittlebop was a rare woman of her time. Despite the commodities business generally being deemed a man’s world, Teresa was able to carve out her own niche in the high-quality, custom-designed doilies industry. Her products were top notch and beyond compare. The Queen herself had even purchased several dozen doilies for use around the palace. 
Madame Tittlebop’s entrepreneurial knack had garnered her great success, and she could relate to Angelina Josephina’s drive. She also saw an opportunity to expand her market into Italy, leveraging the support of a duchess. So it was set, Angelina would be given Madame Tittlebop’s invitation to the mayor’s party, and the next day, Duchess Josephina would meet with Teresa to discuss a doilies partnership. Sir Snoots had come through, although there was a fraction of guilt knowing that if all went well, Josephina would disappear for good after the gala and never fulfill her end of the bargain.
When the night arrived, Duchess Angelina Josephina pulled up to the mayoral mansion in a luxurious horse-drawn carriage. This rare occasion was one time when Timmy put aside his detest of the steed coach industry. It was, after all, for the greater good. The Perfects had borrowed the transport from Gabriel Goldhand, who lent the ride without hesitation and had no objections when told the men planned on painting and priming the vehicle, giving it a royal treatment.
Stepping out of the coach, a lovely Duchess Josephina smiled to a waiting reception of manor servants. Brock and Bugs were quick to dismount and usher their charge into the mansion. After handing the official invitation to the door butler, the trio was welcomed inside and formally announced to those already in attendance. They were received with cordial applause.
The grand lobby was decked out in splendid form. Golden garland and rows upon rows of tea lights lined the banisters and second level balcony. The scent of fresh flowers permeated the air and the chatter of upper crust communication echoed about the vaulted chamber. Timmy took a deep breath before descending the staircase and entering the throng. It was time to put Angelina Josephina to the test.
The wait was not long. A young man in a fine suit and mighty top hat approached the Duchess, bowing at the knee with respect upon stepping before her.
“Duchess Josephina, I am Lord Todd Trappings, and it is my sincerest pleasure to make your acquaintance.” 
Timmy extended his white-gloved hand, and Lord Todd placed a light kiss upon it. Bugs and Brock paid careful attention.
“Duchess,” Todd continued, “I saw you enter and, I must say, I was taken aback. You are, by far, the most magnificent creation. Michelangelo himself could not have sculpted a more perfect form.”
“Your kindness is touching, Lord Todd,” replied Timmy in his most seductive womanly tone.
Todd snatched a couple flutes of champagne from a passing server, offering one to Josephina. “I wish you may steal away with me for a moment so that we can talk in a more intimate setting.”
Todd was a handsome young man with a chiseled jaw and strapping build. Obviously, the illusion of Josephina was paying off, but the duchess had only one goal that night.
“Oh, I mustn’t yet. As the saying goes, business before pleasure, and I have business with the mayor.” Timmy feigned disappointment and left the lad a glimmer of hope. “Perhaps afterward we can meet once more. I will look for you.”
Lord Todd politely smiled and nodded his head in willing acceptance before bidding Josephina adieu. He trailed off to join a nearby conversation about the pros and cons of employing children as factory workers.
Some reasoned juveniles did not have the skills and intellect needed to navigate the sometimes-dangerous conditions of mass manufacturing. Others argued that their diminutive builds made them excellent small space mechanics, able to enter the tiniest nooks and repair automated machinery without having to shut down the whole assembly line.
Sure, a child may lose a hand here, a foot there, but what was that cost compared to a loss of production? Furthermore, there were dozens upon dozens of homeless whelps in the streets of Upper Southrump, and anyone would be more than happy to risk limb loss if it meant a chance at earning a couple slices of rye.
Bugs spotted Percival Snodgrass across the room among a group of partygoers. He motioned to Brock and Timmy, who proceeded to make their way toward the target. As Angelina Josephina moved among the crowd, she was met by more than a few fawning glances. She also caught wind of a rude comment here and there. Men were drawn to her beauty, but women were threatened by it, and some of the more snarky ladies made it known through half-whispered insults. It only served to bolster Timmy’s confidence that his disguise was garnering the intended reactions.
Near a table stacked with fruit and pastries, the trio begged the pardon of a compacted clutch of friends, hoping they would part for a moment to let the duchess and her men pass by. 
“Excuse, Sir,” Bugs grunted in a thick Italian accent as he tapped a tall slender man on the shoulder.
The fellow swung about to see who had spoken to him, and there, standing face-to-face with Bugs was none other than John Smith. Genny was at his side, held fast by the wrist as always. The rest of the So-Sos rounded out the gang.
“Excuse you indeed,” Smith responded with classic conceit. He gazed at Timmy, and worry immediately began to set in. Smith looked long and hard at Wicketts’ Angelina. His eyes were fixated and face devoid of expression. Timmy knew Smith could see through the disguise. He knew his cover was blown. He thought of turning to hide his face, but did not, fearing the action would be a sure sign of deceit. 
Smith cracked a widening smile and took a sly step toward the duchess. The end was near.
“Madame, may I say you are absolutely stunning.” Smith bowed his head in reverence.
Timmy was shocked. “Thank you, Sir,” he replied in charismatic Italian fashion. “Sir, dare I say I know you. Are you not John Smith, the world-renowned actor and master of The Illegitimate Sons of Sophocles?”
Timmy knew Smith well, and he knew compliments were very disarming. The best way to get Smith’s focus away from the costumed Timmy was to direct it upon Smith himself. There was no person more intriguing to John Smith than John Smith.
“Why yes, I am John Smith. It’s a pleasure to meet a fan.” His chest puffed, now filled with ego.
“Ah, I thought so. Did you know your troupe has a small, but fervent, following in Italy?"
Smith was happily surprised to receive the fib, but his machismo conveyed an air of expectance. “Oh, that is nice to hear. We have many fans all over the world,” he stated, adding a lie of his own to the conversation.
“I would think so. But rest assured, no one loves you more than the Italians. You should truly consider moving your act there on a permanent basis.” Timmy hoped Smith would actually consider the relocation.
“Duchess,” Bugs interrupted, “we must move on.” 
“It was a pleasure, Mr. Smith.”
“The same.” Smith placed a kiss upon Angelina Josephina’s hand.
As Timmy, Bugs and Brock continued toward the mayor, Timmy looked back. Smith was discussing the promising prospect of life in Italy with his So-So cronies. Genny, however, was staring directly at the departing duchess. They gazed at one another, and Timmy could not resist. He gave Ms. Jenkins a wink and a smile. Genny’s eyes bulged with surprise before giving way to a satisfying smile of revelation.
“May I present her Duchess Angelina Josephina,” Brock announced, now in the presence of Percival Snodgrass. Percival excused himself from the conversation in which he was engaged, and turned his attention toward the Duchess.
He took her hand and warmly kissed it, as the previous acquaintances had. “It is my pleasure, Duchess. I saw your late addition to the guest list, and I must say, we are honored to have such an esteemed figure visiting our humble town of Upper Southrump.”
“Why thank you, Mayor.” Timmy curtseyed with grace, batting his long eyelashes at Percival. 
The mayor glanced around the room for a moment. Bugs watched his actions carefully and realized the mayor was attempting to locate his wife, Madison. Both men saw her far away, talking with the chief constable and his wife.
“Duchess, had we more forewarning, we would have laid out the red carpet for you.” Percival was now giving Timmy a thorough looking over.
“Oh Mayor, that is hardly a necessity. My visit is one of business, not leisure.”
“Why not both?” Snodgrass grinned. His face revealed intended innuendo. 
Timmy could tell Percival was taking the bait. He pushed further.
“Mayor, I have heard you are a collector of fine artifacts and works. It has been said you even possess a few items of Italian heritage. The people of my province have desire to establish a partnership with you and Upper Southrump. We, too, value art and culture and wish to propose a collection exchange.”
“That is an interesting proposition, Duchess,” Percival was only half-hearing Timmy’s words. Angelina Josephina’s looks and soft voice were stirring the mayor’s more primal instincts.
“I should wish to see your collection, Mayor Snodgrass. We can then determine what items may be of worthy display back in Italy. In turn, you should come to my province and do the same. We could hold joint art exhibitions that would both fill the coffers and illuminate the minds. Mayor, may I see your collection?” Timmy delivered the last line as suggestively as possible.
“Oh, yes you may. I have one piece in particular I hope you would find pleasing.” The comment was delivered without confusion.
The mayor again scanned the room. He noted Madison still in conversation and decided his window of opportunity was present.
“Come with me, Duchess,” Percival said coyly as he gently grabbed Timmy by the hand. 
Timmy ordered his escorts to stay back, a pre-arranged cue signaling them to give him ten minutes alone with the mayor before following. All three Perfects were ecstatic Snodgrass had so willingly and easily taken the bait. Now it was up to Timmy to reel in the catch.
The collection was housed in a large study on the second floor of the mansion. The mayor had it secured during the gala for fear an inebriated guest might confuse it for the lavatory. He drew a key from his pocket and unlocked the cherry wood door. Once inside, he turned the latch, sealing himself and the Duchess inside. As the mayor moved further into the room, Timmy quickly undid the bolt once more with swift secrecy.
Percival Snodgrass playfully strolled through a line of pedestals upon which sculptures and busts stood on display. “As you can see, Duchess, my collection is fairly expansive.” He took a seat upon an antique ottoman. “Please have a look.”
Timmy walked the length of the room, feigning interest in the art. He took his time to act out contemplation and intense examination.
“You should know that piece, Duchess. It is a Giovanni Bellini, and a fine one at that.”
Timmy looked at the painting to which Percival was referring. “Oh yes, very fine.” He had no idea it was a Bellini.
As he continued to look at the contents of the room, he made his way over to the mayor, flashing a teasing look here and there.
“Here, have a seat next to me,” Percival offered, tapping the fine upholstery. Timmy obliged.
“This ottoman is believed to be of ancient Egyptian origin. The man I got it from even suggested it spent some time in the possession of Elizabeth Hamilton, Countess of Orkney, and was housed in her bedroom. I can’t verify that fact, but if it is true, imagine the things it must have seen.”
Timmy pretended to blush at the remark as he wove his web of womanly charms. He then locked eyes with Percival and slid a bit closer to him.
“Duchess Angelina, I think your proposition for partaking of one another’s treasures is a fine one,” Percival said as he slid his arm slowly around Timmy’s shoulders.
“As do I, Mayor. Your collection is superb and worthy of exhibition in the grandest halls of Italia.”
“Then it is almost settled. All that remains is a formal act of agreement.”
Percival gazed longingly at Angelina Josephina for a moment and then lunged in, planting a sloppy wet kiss upon the man-duchess’ rosy red lips. A weird mix of disgust and satisfaction coursed through Timmy’s body. This is exactly what he needed to happen, but it was thoroughly unpleasant to be sure. Still, his committed inner actor would not let him spoil the deceit. He embraced Percival and went with it.
Pausing only momentarily to take a breath, Snodgrass’ lustful appetite increased. He was now staring directly at Angelina’s bosom as he wet his lips with a lizard-like tongue. “You have the taste of sweet nectar, the voluptuousness of ripe fruit.”
Timmy fought hard to hold back a giggle, for his bosom was, in fact, fruit—two large and soft grapefruits.
“Dear Mayor, your words are like wine, flowing and intoxicating.”
Percival was fully enamored at this point. He leaned in once more and tore open the back of Timmy’s gown. Worried that the further undressing of his character would reveal the truth, Timmy turned toward Snodgrass, unbuckling his belt and thrusting him back upon the ottoman. The act of womanly aggression set Percival’s desires ablaze.
“Yes, Duchess, do your worst,” he demanded.
Timmy placed another kiss upon his neck and then slid slowly down, dropping the mayor’s drawers. He cast a devious smile and fiery glance toward the prone politician, and at that precise moment, the study door swung open and Madison, accompanied by Bugs and Brock, entered the room.
An audible gasp echoed throughout the chamber as Madison stood speechless in the doorway. The mayor and Duchess were frozen in a very suggestive and compromising position. 
Percival stuttered to explain. “Madison, my love, this isn’t… I mean, the Duchess and I were only…”
A growing fury was rising in Madison’s stomach. “These men were interested in seeing our art collection, but I can see you were already in the midst of a private showing! You pig!”
Percival leapt to his feet, frantically tugging at his britches. He stumbled, with arms outstretched and pleading, as he approached his wife.
“No, my dear, we were only…”
“Seconds away from full nudity!” Madison shouted.
Timmy acted the part of a shamed mistress caught in the act. He averted his gaze from Madison and slowly crept toward the exit. As he passed by the shouting wife of the mayor, she would not even look at him, only whispering, “whore” as he slinked by.
Bugs and Brock quickly escorted Timmy from the room. As they continued speedily down the hallway, they could hear Madison giving Percival more than an ear full. Vile name-calling and promises of ruin were thrust like daggers into the mayor’s cheating heart. Madison’s distressed tone could even be heard downstairs, and the sound sent her father, Admiral Dottingburn Strutney, sprinting to see what had caused the commotion.
Duchess Josephina and her men boarded their carriage as quickly as possible. Brock took the reins, and within moments, they were off. Inside the coach, Timmy and Bugs shared a laugh of relief. The plan had worked superbly thus far. It was perhaps their most important performance to date, and each man prayed the fallout would yield a royally perfect result.
The following day’s Ballyhoo said it all, MAYOR’S MANSION RIDDLED IN SCANDAL. The heading was the best news the Perfects had heard in days. Sitting in Lester’s, around a table full of breakfast loaves, all the men listened as Smirks read the story aloud.
The report contained the illicit details of the previous night’s disgraceful affair between the Mayor and a visiting Italian dignitary. It explained how the Mayor’s own wife had caught them red-handed and was currently filing formal papers for divorce. Admiral Dottingburn Strutney had deemed the incident the most contemptible act of dishonor to which his family had ever been subjected. Not only was it a crude and distasteful move perpetrated by a husband, it was clearly not indicative of the values to be demonstrated by the highest-ranking position in all of Upper Southrump. The article ended with a formal call for the resignation and disbarment of Mayor Percival Snodgrass.
It was music to the Perfects’ ears, and everyone shouted their happiness.
Between bites of bread, Timmy stood to address his friends.
“A fine job, fellas. Fantastic! We now have the Mayor exactly where we want him. It’s only a matter of time before he buckles under the pressure of public disapproval. With the Strutney house now at odds with Percival, his political power is all but dead. That will leave an interesting opportunity for us. We have to be prepared to support a Perfect-friendly successor to the position, and I know just the man. He could gain sympathy from the Strutneys because he, too, had been wronged by Percival. I propose we suggest Gabriel Goldhand as the next mayor of Upper Southrump.”
“I second that,” Bugs said emphatically.
“It would be a logical choice,” added Snoots. “Gabriel Goldhand has ample qualifications. He was a long-standing and successful businessman prior to being shut down by Snodgrass. His taverns have allowed him to schmooze and connect with hundreds of Upper Southrumpians. He’s shown keen judgment and well-reasoned risk.”
“That’s for sure, he risked a lot on us,” Romeo chimed in.
“So, unless anyone has an objection, I’ll take the idea to Mr. Goldhand,” stated Timmy.
Not a single concern was uttered amongst the group, only nods of agreement. Hope had been reborn within the thespian troupe.



=====

Chapter 14: Challengers and Their Wicked Ways

Timmy broached the subject with Mr. Goldhand over a lunch of stewed yams and biscuits at his rural cottage home. At first, the genteel fellow scoffed at the idea. He didn’t see himself as mayoral in any single way, but as Timmy conveyed his opinion of Gabriel, the compliments and possibilities began to stir in the old man’s mind.
Mrs. Goldhand had been listening in on the entire conversation and threw her support behind her husband. While the Mister had come to terms with his abrupt upheaval from the tavern and entertainment business, Madam Goldhand still harbored resentment. She knew Gabriel’s fabric better than anyone, and was fully confident that a man of such integrity, experience, and kindness was exactly what Upper Southrump needed. 
With his long-time love now entrenched in the persuasive cause, Gabriel conceded, and shoved aside his doubt. Timmy pledged an immediate kickoff of the campaign. He discussed a few matters of public relations, and then headed back to the Stoops to organize the troops.
Each Perfect was put to the task. Some were given the duty of developing printed materials while others headed out to make personal appeals to anyone they felt possessed influence. Those who ventured into the populace did so alone due to Percival’s still-lingering decree that Perfects traveling in numbers would be prosecuted. It was a fair bet that enforcing the ordinance was probably not one of Snodgrass’ main concerns at the moment, but Timmy and the others thought it best not to take a chance.
After a day of preparations, The Ballyhoo kept the ball rolling. The headline read, MAYOR SNODGRASS RESIGNS. The weight of public opinion had been fast and fatal. Percival was quickly assaulted on all fronts, and he had no choice but to step down. The article theorized the Mayor might return to his hometown in the north, or run off to Italy to be with his foreign mistress. The Perfects knew the latter was not a possibility. 
A bit further on down the page, another headline read in thick black type, GOLDHAND VIES FOR VACANCY. The article stated Gabriel’s desire to become mayor and listed his credentials and qualifications. Gabriel had forged many worthwhile and favorable connections in his time as a businessman, and the printed paragraphs published a rather glowing endorsement of Gabriel as a future leader of Upper Southrump. Timmy was happy to read such a stellar bit of publicity, and he and Gabriel shared congratulations while sitting upon Goldhand’s cottage porch.
With Percival out of office and their stately friend now in a position of succession, the Perfects’ focus could shift toward the devious John Smith and his damning ledger. When Percival was forced to resign, many of his key appointees had been put on the spot. No longer did they have the omni-present influence of their mayoral ally. 
The chief constable was one such man. Percival had appointed him, and under the mayor’s self-serving guidance, Chief Constable Bates followed many orders of questionable design. He was a strong arm for a power hungry, would-be dictator, and he embraced the role, reaping ill-gotten benefits.
Once Percival was dismissed, the chief constable soon followed. With such an intimate working relationship between the mayor’s office and the enforcement branch, it was common practice for a new leader to appoint a new chief. But, in the meantime, the deputy constable was in charge, and he was a good man. 
Randolph Cuffburn was his name. He was young and straightforward, and often at odds with his former chief. His skill as an investigator could not be denied. Rather than be forced to deal with Randolph on a daily basis, Chief Bates had assigned him to a special division, a liaison to Scotland Yard. His superb investigatory skills cast the Upper Southrump office in good light, while, simultaneously, keeping Randolph away for great stretches of time and out of Bates’ daily business.
Now, Randolph had been called back to post, and Timmy knew that if he could produce evidence incriminating Smith in a vast black market art smuggling and selling syndicate, Randolph would be willing to prosecute.
The question that remained was two-fold. Firstly, did Smith’s ledger actually exist, and secondly, if it did, where in all of Upper Southrump could it be? Two locations seemed most probable, Smith’s apartment and the Halfwit Theater. Smith frequented both, and Timmy had an inkling he would not make a habit of venturing far from the ledger’s location. He discussed the issue with his fellow Perfects.
Everyone knew what was at stake. If they could obtain the ledger, Smith would be out of their hair for a very, very long time. But with the hopes of Goldhand’s election on the horizon, the situation was very precarious. If any of the men were caught in the act of trespass or thievery, it most likely would cast Gabriel in a horrible light due to his association with the Perfects. That possibility had to be avoided, for the public fallout would most likely quash Mr. Goldhand’s political aspirations in a heartbeat.
The pros and cons were debated and each man gave his opinion. It was a heated, but civil exchange, and in the end, it was decided that now was not the time to seek out the ledger. It wasn’t worth the risk. Percival was gone, so Smith had far less power over them. Yes, anti-Perfect laws still remained on the books, but if they were diligent in their efforts and succeeded in their goal, Gabriel would be elected and he would begin to set things right. He’d even be in a greater position to pursue criminal complaints against Smith, if and when the ledger was found.
It was a settled matter for the moment, except with Timmy. While giving John Smith what he deserved was a just pursuit, the main mission for him was Genny’s cause. The delay meant that she would remain trapped by his terrible act for a bit longer, and that fact stuck like a thorn deep in his heart. He quietly conceded for the moment, bearing the cross in silence.
The weeks that followed involved more glad-handing and promotion. The council of Upper Southrump decreed the casting of ballots and inauguration of a new mayor would take place at month’s end. There were rumors circulating about other possible challengers, but as the days progressed, no one stepped forward to throw his hat in the ring. As such, Gabriel was able to draw more and more positive attention to his cause. His message of change and justice rang true in the ears of many. He pledged to rule in the people’s interest, with transparency and moral certitude as guiding tenants. Everywhere he traveled, he was met by smiles and support. Everywhere, except the steps of the Halfwit Theater.
Mere feet from the theater doors, at the crossroads of main roadways in Shillings District, Gabriel shouted out a stump speech worthy of any great orator. He spoke from the heart, and his words came easily and with conviction. A crowd had gathered and was cheering every valid point that was made. Timmy looked on from an adjacent street corner with growing pride and satisfaction.
“Friends,” Goldhand addressed, “we have lived too long under the delusions of the powerful and poisoned. They have proclaimed at will, serving only themselves in the process. I promise to keep my fellow Upper Southrumpians always in the forefront and forethought. If a law makes sense, we shall pursue it. If a law does not, we shall strike it down and erase it from our books. You do not need politicians telling you how to run your lives at every turn. It is your own vision and hard work that will craft your future, and with the support of a new mayor, you will have the backing of our noble town in the process.”
A roar of support rang loud.
“Our shared morals and values will guide my hand at all times. While the lure of money has drawn more than a few astray, I pledge not to fall into those dark practices. I have made my money. I need not use the office to horde more, and any that would dare attempt to buy favor will be cast out with change purses still full. Criminals and cronies shall have no place in your government.”
Another cheer punctuated Gabriel’s emotion-filled words.
But, as the clamor died down, a voice shouted out from afar. “Call yourself a hypocrite then, Goldhand!”
The accusation brought Gabriel to silence for a moment, and all looked toward the source of the voice. Standing atop the Halfwit stairs was John Smith. He made his way down toward the crowd as his So-Sos followed like lost sheep.
“Tell them, Goldhand. Tell them how a known and convicted criminal runs your campaign.” Smith continued to target Gabriel as he took up a position next to the mayoral candidate.
“I do not know of what you refer, John Smith,” Gabriel said sincerely.
“Ah, very amusing that a man running on a promise of truth and transparency would so conveniently withhold his criminal connections. Is it true that a known convict, charged with public corruption, has spurred you forth? And before you feign a lack of knowledge, let me state it simply. Timothy Wicketts, a known conspirator, felon and former head of the rightfully banned Royal Perfect troupe, is behind your campaign!”
The accusation was true, in a way. Timmy was a driving force behind Gabriel’s bid to be mayor, and he did, in fact, have a criminal record. But that was due solely to a preposterous and unfair law that should never have come to pass. 
The crowd waited for a flummoxed Gabriel’s answer, and Smith seized the opportunity to push further. “It is true! Admit it to everyone!”
Gabriel was honest through and through. “Yes, that is true, but…”
That was all Smith needed to hear. “Ah yes, see hypocrisy incarnate! They call him Gabriel Goldhand!”
The incident had stirred up the crowd. Several among the throng knew Timmy’s tale and knew that Smith was telling half the story. They recalled how past events had actually transpired. But others knew only what they heard at the moment. Gabriel had said one thing, but when pressed, admitted to the opposite.
Questions and doubts began to take root. Timmy seethed over a man of Smith’s background making such claims about one of Gabriel’s stock. It was but another underhanded manipulation perpetrated by a most sinister fellow.
Before Gabriel could clarify the situation, Smith continued to command the people’s attention. “Many of you know me. You’ve seen me on stage. I’ve lived and worked in Southrump my entire life. I’ve given back to the people in a way that has brought joy and much needed diversion. Now, I hope to serve in a greater capacity. I, John Smith, announce my candidacy as the next mayor of this fair borough!”
The sudden proclamation whipped the people into a frenzy. It was a wild scene as chants of “Smith” began to compete against chants of “Goldhand.” Timmy was furious. He knew Smith was as far from honest as a man could get, and he was never short on schemes and tricks. There was a real possibility he could steal the election in any number of illegal ways and worry once again filled Wickett’s soul.
Days of friction followed. As Gabriel made genuine appeals of policy change and a promise to clean up corruption, Smith countered with mudslinging. He had no worthwhile ideas on which to stand. The status quo served his needs mightily, and he fought hard to ensure it continued. Rather than propose anything of substance, he spread rumor and misinformation about Gabriel Goldhand. His campaign was fueled solely by the strategy of discrediting and dishonoring his opponent, and nothing more.
While the Perfects and Gabriel worked tirelessly to combat the constant flow of trash spewing from Smith’s rotting podium, Smith’s strategy was paying dividends. In public forums, Gabriel was forced to spend increasingly less time talking about actual issues of governance, and more time dispelling any number of false statements Smith had made about him.
At one point, Captain Pantaloons had arranged for a speech to be delivered by Gabriel upon the docks of The Moors. Gabriel was to address a large gathering of the impoverished living in the deplorable shack village nearby. His message was a promise of help, training, and future jobs in growing, innovative industries. But, instead of delivering a resounding message of hope, he was forced to face an accusation of favoring indentured servitude. 
The current So-So and former Rat’s Tail Tavern employee, Leland Fox, proclaimed that Gabriel worked him to the bone for nothing more than scraps of food. He cited harsh working conditions and an overbearing, disrespectful managerial style that treated subordinates as slaves.
Again, Gabriel was forced to combat the lies, while, at the same time, shouldering some fraction of responsibility. Yes, he did employee Leland at one point, and yes, he was hard on the lad at times, but only when Leland’s slothfulness called for it. But, the hyperbole contained a speck of truth, and that was again enough to arouse suspicion of Gabriel Goldhand’s true character among some of the soft-minded within the crowd. The ploy also diverted the candidate’s time and effort away from the planned message he had hoped to deliver.
Similar incidents continually dogged Goldhand’s campaign as the election drew ever closer. The word on the street was increasingly mixed. Many held fast to their belief in Gabriel and his articulated vision of a new, more just order in Upper Southrump. But others had a shallow analysis, buying fully into the half-truths and outright lies Smith had served up. They reasoned that, with the growing list of loathsome traits Gabriel was purportedly concealing, at least some among them had to be true. There were just too many for every single one to be false. For a man who was running his campaign on the promise of purity, even a single, perceived blemish was enough to cast him a charlatan.
Late one evening, the entire Perfect team, with Gabriel also present, sat around a table at Lester’s discussing strategy and the ebbing tide of public opinion. Gabriel had held fast to the belief that he would not lower himself to Smith’s negative tactics. He wanted to keep on point and stay morally above the fray. He believed any man or woman of reason would see through his opponent’s lies and make the right decision on election day.
Many of the Perfects disagreed. They feared men and women of reason were becoming increasingly rare compared to a larger mass with shallow thought and thin introspection. Bugs, Brock, Lancelot and Smirks insisted they be tasked with digging up dirt on Smith, even beginning the search for the rumored ledger. Gabriel refused and would not delve into such dishonorable practices.
The debate wrestled back and forth, but the night was turning late and Mr. Goldhand had to depart. He rose from his chair and stuffed into his pocket the speech notes Timmy had been working on. He then slid his derby upon his head and bid each man adieu before parting company.
“Mr. Goldhand is just too naïve to do what needs to be done,” a frustrated Bugs commented.
Brock took a swig of ale. “Bugs is right. We’ve all been out there. We’ve heard the murmurs and chatter. Smith’s caused people to question Gabriel’s makeup.”
“It’s just preposterous!” Francis yelled.
Timmy had not said much during the entire discussion. He wished to honor Gabriel’s request, but realized Smith continued to be an insidious, cunning antagonist. He knew action had to be taken, and the time had come to find and acquire Smith’s ledger of illegal dealings. Not only would it be critical in discrediting Smith and ruining his political aspirations, it would accomplish Timmy’s personal and ever-present desire to free Genny and her father from his malicious grip. Now, he had added reason to seek out the tome beyond his love-borne intentions.
Finding the ledger was not unlike looking for a needle in a haystack. While Smith’s flat seemed like a logical place for the documents, the Halfwit Theater was also a possibility. Since Percival’s exile, Ill So-So stage shows had been postponed. In the interim, the gang commandeered the facility for Smith’s campaign headquarters. Timmy also reasoned the establishment could provide excellent cover should Smith still be actively involved in underworld dealings. Perhaps the ledger was there. 
With only conjecture and intuition to guide him, Timmy was unsure of how to proceed. He needed some starting point, some lead, and he realized there was only one person close enough to Smith, and with the willingness to help. That person was Genny.
But questioning Genny in private was an almost impossible task. Smith clung to her like a tick, and with the So-So productions on hiatus, Genny would not be frequenting her theater dressing room.
Furthermore, Timmy had made a promise to Bugs and the others that he would stay away from Ms. Jenkins. Many distrusted her and held her partly responsible for Timmy’s past hospital stay. However, an ingenious idea sprung forth in Timmy’s mind. If implemented, it could place Smith on the spot, giving Gabriel a better forum to contest his opponent, while at the same time isolating Genny. That would provide Timmy the opportunity to speak to her in private.
“Gentlemen,” Timmy stood addressing his friends, “I have an idea. Smith has been able to spin yarns and spew blasphemy at will. His lies about Gabriel meet the people’s ears unfiltered and unchallenged, and we are later consumed with dispelling them. We all know he has no real handle on the issues or policy. That is why we’ll propose a debate, a forum where he will be forced to meet Gabriel face-to-face.”
“He’ll never accept a challenge to debate,” Pantaloons argued. “He knows he has no chance against Gabriel in a venue such as that.”
“Normally, I would agree, expect that I have come to know Smith all too well. His ego is too large, his hatred too deep, and I have full confidence that if I were to issue the contest, he couldn’t possibly resist accepting.” 
“Timmy has a point,” Bugs agreed. “Smith will do whatever he can to best Timmy, even if it is through besting Gabriel.”
“Sir Snoots, do you still have contacts at the Southrump Fine Fellows Club for Cockfighting and Pipe Smoking?” asked Wicketts.
“Yes, I was a former member and still have the ear of a fellow or two,” replied Snoots.
“Capital. I’ll issue the challenge and propose that venue. It is a great place to debate key issues as its gents-only membership includes just about every highfalutin suit-wearer in town. Gabriel can debate Smith before a very important and interested audience.”
The idea had merit, and the rest of the Perfects agreed. Gabriel would be able to reveal Smith for the hollow politico he was in front of a concentrated consortium of greatly influential male voters. But more importantly for Timmy, the men-only establishment would not allow Genny to enter. Smith would be forced to leave her, giving Timmy a grand opportunity to speak with his muse and hopefully find the whereabouts of the ledger.
The next day, Timmy headed out early to tell Gabriel his idea for the debate. While he was gone, Snoots was tasked with arranging the details at the Fine Fellows Club. The rest of the Perfects ran through a litany of possible discussion points Gabriel may be asked to address by the debate moderator. They covered any conceivable topic and rationalized Mr. Goldhand’s current stance on the subject. Everyone wanted to be thoroughly prepared to brief Gabriel of their recommendations and strategies. 
When Timmy brought the idea to Mr. Goldhand, the elder gentleman agreed with vehemence. He was tired of combating meaningless rumors and speculation and desperately wanted to talk issues and the business of the day. A debate would be the optimal opportunity.
With Gabriel’s blessing, Timmy set forth to seek out Smith. The actor, turned would-be mayor, was undoubtedly a shrewd man, but Wicketts knew if he could get under his skin just enough, the spiteful snake would accept the challenge. 
It had been announced earlier in the week that Smith was holding a rally on the Halfwit stairs. With the ears and eyes of the public readily available, Timmy reasoned it was a perfect location to lay down the gauntlet. He made his way to the Shillings district and to the central square just outside the theater. A large crowd waving pro-Smith signs cheered and shouted, all eagerly looking toward an empty podium erected at the theater’s doors. Timmy wormed and weaved his way through the excited assembly, eventually claiming a spot close to the front. Seconds later, Smith emerged from the Halfwit to a loud chorus of applause. The gathered flock began to chant, “Smith! Smith! Smith!”
The glory-seeking slimeball was flanked by Genny on his right and Leland on his left. He waved in presidential fashion to his adoring fans. Timmy’s stomach turned. He couldn’t believe people were actually buying Smith’s act. If nothing else, Smith was proving to have much greater skills of illusion as a candidate than he ever had as a thespian. 
Smith approached the podium and the crowd grew quiet. “My fellow Southrumpians, the finish line is approaching. We can see it off in the distance and know we will not rest until it is reached. Without question, you have come to realize the hypocrisy of my opponent. I have peeled back his golden skin and made evident the rotten core he so desperately hopes to hide. This is not a man of pure motives, as he would so fervently want you to believe. He is the classic wolf in sheep’s clothing. My father used to say that the only way to keep the wolf at bay is with the watchful eye of a master shepherd. My friends, I promise to be that shepherd!”
The crowd roared with approval. After basking in the support for a moment, Smith quieted them down once more.
“Yes, I will be your watchful eye in the mayor’s office. I will be the one you can count on. I will…”
“Lose to Goldhand in a debate!” Timmy shouted for all to hear.
Smith was caught off guard. He looked with disdain toward the source of the interruption. Seeing Timmy standing there, smiling back, he grew even more incensed.
Timmy continued to grin as he made his way out of the crowd and up the Halfwit stairs.
“Yes, John Smith, you will lose a debate with Gabriel Goldhand because you haven’t a leg to stand on!” shouted a cocky Wicketts. “You are a master storyteller and a grand con-man, but when it comes to knowing what truly needs to be done, you are as lost as a young boy in a brothel.”
The people were silent, shocked by the incendiary words of Timmy. Smith was fuming with rage, but fought with all his might to refrain from a damning public outburst.
“It is quite evident that, should you actually be forced to speak on the issues in front of Gabriel himself, you would be revealed as the mountebank you truly are. As they say, empty vessels make the most noise.”
Smith could sense the crowd’s expectance. He knew to refuse at this point would do his reputation great harm. He also couldn’t fight his blind hatred of Timmy.
“So a debate is what you propose, Mr. Wicketts? While I may have had the class and respect to issue such a contest through private courier, I see my opponent Goldhand would rather interrupt a joyful gathering by sending out his errand boy to make a spectacle of things. Ah, so it is to be expected from such a lowbrow as Goldhand. But that is neither here nor there. The debate has been proposed, and I willingly accept.”
The gathered people erupted with cheer. Smith cast an icy glare toward Timmy, and Timmy returned an unwavering stare. 
“The Fine Fellows Club, tomorrow morning,” Timmy yelled over the raucous congregation while descending the stairs.
Smith nodded his acceptance, indignation embedded in his countenance.
As Timmy walked away, he could hear Smith returning to his name-calling and mudslinging. It mattered little at this point. The challenge had been successfully issued and accepted. Gabriel would have a grand opportunity to reveal Smith’s shortcomings before a prime audience, and Timmy would have the chance to speak with Genny and hopefully obtain the game-changing information he was so desperate to find.



=====

Chapter 15: The Book of Love

The Fine Fellows Club was packed to the hilt with dozens of gentlemen of high esteem. Lawyers, doctors, parliamentary officers and staffers, successful businessmen, and the rich male heirs of their bloodline all gathered in the club’s grand auditorium. Sir Snoots had made expert arrangements and the club president, Baron Clearwater Chesternut, had taken up the role of moderator, per his own request.
Bugs was chosen to accompany and advise Mr. Goldhand. The pair ran through some last-minute points in a backstage room. Gabriel was nervous, but confident. He believed in what he felt and knew he had the best interests of the good people of Upper Southrump always in mind.
A representative of the club popped his head into their room and informed Mr. Goldhand that the debate was about to get under way. 
“You’ll do fine, Mr. Goldhand,” assured Bugs. “Just say what you feel. You’re a good man with good ideas, and the people will see that.”
Bugs ushered Gabriel toward the stage and directed him to his mark. On the opposite side of the platform, Leland and Thomas Tinderbox were doing the same with John Smith. The moderator, Baron Chesternut, stood to address the audience and formally introduce the candidates.
Meanwhile, Timmy had proposed that he be stationed at the rear of the assembly hall. He said that he wanted to keep a watchful eye out in case Smith had any devious schemes in the works. But that logic was just a cover. Instead, he planned to duck out after things got going and seek out Genny.
When the time was right, he did just that. The Fine Fellows Club was located in Central district and Smith’s flat was in Shillings. Timmy reasoned that Genny would still be there, having not been allowed admission to the club. He broke into full stride, running at a frantic pace toward her most probable location.
With heavy breath, Timmy reached Smith’s apartment building. The structure was small, but it housed more than a few dwellings. From past conversations, Timmy knew Smith’s place was on the third floor and overlooked the Halfwit, so he entered through the main door and headed up the stairwell. 
There was only one flat that matched the description, so Timmy knocked on the door. The rapping was answered with silence. Timmy jiggled the latch. It was locked tight. He inched closer to the door, cupped his hands, and shouted Genny’s name. Still nothing. Perhaps she was not there. Maybe she was at the theater, he thought to himself. 
Timmy ran down the stairs and into the street. Suddenly, he felt the thud of a shoe strike him with great force upon the back. He turned to see a woman’s high heel lying in the lane. There was not a soul in sight, other than the one in question, that is. It was as if the article had materialized out of thin air. Timmy looked left and right but saw no one. He gazed skyward just as a second matching pump came sailing out of a third story window.
Timmy caught the second shoe before it landed and hurriedly made his way toward a downspout bolted into the brick exterior of the building. He gripped the pair of heels with his teeth while simultaneously grabbing hold of the thick, sturdy metal waterway.
He carefully ascended the pipe, using brick ledges as footholds, and eventually found himself many feet off the ground, level with the third-story window. Without looking down, Timmy leapt from the pipe to the window ledge. His momentum sent him rolling through the portal and onto the interior wood floor of the flat. He tumbled like a thrown sack of potatoes. 
Looking up, he was met by the smiling gaze of Genny.
“Your shoes, my lady,” Timmy said with a grin, while handing Genny back her blue suede footwear.
Genny reached forward with her free hand, gratefully taking the shoes from Timmy and placing them upon a nearby end table. That’s when he noticed her other hand had been bound in chains and tethered to a large, solid oak armoire.
“John didn’t want me to go anywhere,” Genny said with embarrassment. “He also threatened me if I revealed to any happenchance visitors that I was inside. But when I heard it was you, I just had to let you know I was here. That’s why I threw my shoes out that window. I was hoping you’d find them lying there and see the opening above.”
“Oh, I saw your shoes no doubt. The first one even had the extra forethought to strike me soundly upon the back just in case my eyes missed it,” Timmy joked.
Genny laughed.
Timmy knew time was of the essence, so he cut to the chase.
“Genny, I met your father.”
Genny’s eyes filled with tears. “How? Is he doing well? How does he look?” Her concern was expected and endearing.
“I spent a week in the Grinder for violating one of Snodgrass’ insane decrees. I met your father there. He’s doing well and always thinking of you. Genny, he told me about something, something that may be able to set the whole twisted record straight. He said Smith kept a ledger. Your father saw it once. It contained all the details of Smith’s black market dealings, his contacts and his records. Both of us have confidence that if this manuscript were to be presented to the proper authorities, Smith would be jailed in a heartbeat. Then both your father, and by extension you, would be freed from your shared nightmare. Genny, have you seen such a book?”
Genny looked into the distance, searching her mind for any memory of such a document. Her face glistened with a keen recollection.
“Yes, I believe I have seen the ledger. It is a small, black, leather-bound book. It was sitting on a table in John’s dressing room at the Halfwit. Before I could examine it in depth, John entered and snatched it up. He did his best to play it off as a collection of stage ideas, but you and I both know John’s improvisational acting skills are as poor as a pauper. He unlocked a wall safe hidden behind a painting of Lady Macbeth and stowed away the manual. I saw it one other time, more recently. The other day, he and Percival Snodgrass were discussing a rather unfortunate situation concerning Mr. Goldhand.”
“Percival Snodgrass? He’s still around. I thought he left the county shortly after his resignation.”
“Oh no, he’s still in town. He’s kept an intentionally low profile, acting as a secret advisor to John’s campaign. When I walked in on their meeting, they were leafing through the ledger and discussing many of the contacts and deals they had made in the past, and some they continued to make even now.
"Many of the truly valuable items and detailed forgeries that they illegally exchanged and smuggled passed through, or eventually landed in, the hands of quite a few of Upper Southrump’s most heralded members of high society. They were going to use this knowledge for blackmail, extorting campaign donations and influence that would virtually buy votes and fix the election. I’m sorry to say that no matter how well Mr. Goldhand performs at today’s debate, the outcome is all but assured. John Smith will be elected the next mayor of Upper Southrump.”
Timmy could feel the rage boiling inside him. Every sapling of hope had met its end underneath the crushing boot heel of John Smith and his dastardly designs.
Genny saw the anger in Timmy’s eyes. “I’m sorry,” she said laying her soft hand upon his cheek.
In his mind, Timmy laid out the situation before him. Voting was set to begin tomorrow at daybreak. By day’s end, the dubious decision would be decreed, and the official winner would be announced. The new mayor would take the ordination oath, and the whole deal would be done by late evening. That meant that within the next twenty-four hours, John Smith would rule all of Upper Southrump, and the fragile, sliver of hope held by the good people of this town would set with the evening sun. Only the ledger could change that.
“Genny, where is the key to the wall safe?” Timmy asked with renewed focus.
The milky-skinned lass’ face grew distraught. “John keeps it on his person at all times. He wears it on a chain around his neck. I have never seen him take it off.”
The revelation was heartbreaking. How was Timmy going to literally steal the key off Smith’s neck? It was a perplexing issue, but Genny had an answer.
“Timmy,” she offered in a timid tone, “I can get the key.”
Wicketts could tell by the look on her face, it was not going to be by a favorable method.
“Long have I been forced to share a bed with John Smith. He has always made advances, and I have rightfully and repeatedly refused. Despite his otherwise vile character, it was one matter he would never force, choosing instead to wear down my constitution. Up until this point, I have been steadfast in my resolve, but now, I have no choice. I can get you the key.”
The thought was horror to Timmy, something so vulgar he did not want the idea to even be considered, let alone uttered. But Genny knew what was at stake.
“Timmy, I will do this for my father…and you.” The beautiful woman placed a kiss upon Timmy’s lips. It was kind and loving, warm and welcoming. A sensation of bliss rained over them both, and when their lips pulled apart once more, they drew forth a shared breath.
“Genny, you can’t,” Timmy stated emphatically.
“No, there is too much at stake, too little time. There is no other way. Tonight, I will obtain the key.”
Suddenly, they heard voices approaching from the hall outside the flat.
“Timmy, it’s John’s men, Portly and Leopold! They are coming to check on me! Quick, you have to go!”
Timmy turned toward the open window but felt a tug on his arm. The lovely lady Jenkins yanked him back, delivering one more invigorating kiss. They embraced as the door latch clicked. Moments later, Portly and Leopold stomped into the room. There Genny sat, still chained in place, reading a book. She was alone. Timmy was sliding fast down the exterior drainpipe. Portly and Leopold were none the wiser.
The morning sun had given way to increasing gray clouds and a colder breeze. Rain was on the horizon and the first drops were sprinkling down upon Timmy as he arrived back to the auditorium. He entered the building to the voice of the moderator thanking each candidate for their time and willingness to speak on matters of great importance. The audience was also gracious in their applause, and slowly, the crowd began to file out.
Timmy waited as Bugs and Gabriel made their way toward the exit.
“That was a fine show, Mr. Goldhand,” Bugs said. 
“I hope so,” stated the novice politician. “I will say this, that Smith is slick. He answered a whole slew of questions without really saying a thing. It’s almost an art form the way he can charm the crowd but reveal almost nothing of substance.”
“Yeah, but you nailed him with more than a few hard points. When you talked about the blight of the noodle hangers and the need for new schools of training, Smith’s face was blank as a sheet. I don’t think he had the foggiest idea of what you were talking about. What’d you think, Timmy?”
Of course, Timmy had not seen even a minute of the debate, but he couldn’t let on. “Yes, I agree Mr. Goldhand, you did a marvelous job. You should be pleased.”
“You really think I have a chance?” the man asked with hope and earnestness.
“For sure,” Timmy replied. He swallowed hard, struggling to digest the lie he had just uttered. Genny had revealed the sad truth to come, only moments ago.
Timmy ushered Bugs and Gabriel aboard a carriage. He, of course, refused to ride. Later that evening, they would hold one last rally for Gabriel’s cause at the shuttered Rat’s Tail Tavern in Sooty Stoops. Timmy instructed Gabriel to rest up and promised he would meet him again in a few hours. The coach then rumbled off as Wicketts took to walking.
It was a worry-filled stroll back to the Stoops. His mind was tormented by thoughts of Genny and the act she intended to perform. Timmy wanted to find another way, some means of lessening her burden. A solution was as hard to grasp as the sporadically falling raindrops. 
Soon, he set foot upon the stone street of Shuttlecock Lane. A finch’s tweet welcomed him and Twitch appeared, perched upon a signpost. The crazy little bird chirped again and then fluttered down to his favorite resting spot upon Timmy. A few blocks away, Timmy could see through the windows of Lester’s. His friends were talking and joking as Bugs informed them of Gabriel’s excellent performance at the debate. Bugs was confident Gabriel would be the victor and had the rest of the men in similar spirits. They celebrated and drank, and Timmy could feel the pressures of vast, varied worry crashing down upon him. This all had to be set right, without sacrificing Genny. Yes, she was willing, but it just didn’t have to happen like this. The Bastard Babyface refused to accept it.
Timmy took one last step toward home, then halted. He dropped his head, weighing his choices, turned, and ran once more toward Shillings.
Timmy could hear the chants of “Smith” echoing from blocks away, and as he rounded the corner, he met the mob of supporters cheering on their candidate. Smith was also holding a final rally. With voting to begin tomorrow, he too thought it wise to invigorate his base, no matter how delusional they already were.
Smith stood atop the steps of the Shillings District Coin Hold of Southrump. In his final speech before voting, he wanted to play off the pun that the people of Southrump could bank on a victory. For Timmy, it was pure symbolic irony, seeing Smith’s momentum being backdropped by wealth. His So-So kin stood stoically behind their leader, as did a forlorn Genny. Her withdrawn posture, like that of a wilted rose, revealed her distaste for what seemed inevitable. Timmy knew she was distracted by the awful thoughts of an unsavory evening to come.
From the edge of the throng, Wicketts listened to the hollow words of Smith, who spoke of the dawn of a new day and how he was the right man to lead the town into the future. Smith also made sure to get in a few, final rough words on Gabriel Goldhand. As the rascal spoke, Timmy could see the glint of a gold chain just above his collar. He knew upon that necklace was the key to the vault, the key to the election, and the key to Genny’s salvation. 
“My friends,” Smith continued to croon, “tomorrow you will head out to the polls. Tomorrow, you, the people, will make your choice. I believe with all of my heart that that choice is clear. Vote with confidence and trust, and by day’s end, I will meet you all on the steps of the mayor’s mansion. I love each and every one of you!”
Smith lifted his arms high into the air as if conducting a large orchestra. The blind bit players responded with ear-rattling applause. Grinning and nodding, the wily politician walked the edge of the staircase as his fans reached out to grasp his coat. He knelt down to shake the hand of a young woman near the front. The act caused his key-bearing necklace to fall from his shirt. It dangled there, in front of Timmy, like a golden worm on a hook. Then suddenly, it disappeared in a flying flash of feathers!
Smith recoiled, clutching his chest and feeling for an item that was no longer present. His visage contorted in a most grotesque manner, immediately revealing dread and painful fear. Wide and worried eyes darted about the audience, searching for the lost chain and key. 
Those same orbs grew narrow and vicious only seconds later, for Smith spotted his property. It was traveling feet above the crowd, held firm in the talons of the finch Twitch! The crazy little bird swooped and fluttered. It paused for a moment, hovering above Timmy, then dropped the key right into its master’s waiting hand.
Smith hollered in horror as Timmy cast a wink and a grin in his direction. The cunning Perfect turned and broke into a mighty stride, heading toward the Halfwit Theater. Smith immediately conveyed the urgency of the situation to his henchmen, and the chase was on. 
The thick gathering of people positioned in the street became an unwelcome morass, slowing down the So-Sos’ pursuit. As they waded through the swamp of supporters, Timmy increased his lead, and by the time the So-Sos broke free from the crowd, the sprinting Wicketts was blocks away, entering the Halfwit front door.
Eventually, Smith and his men reached the theater and rushed into the main performance room. There, standing at center stage, was Timmy. He had already found the vault and was fleeing the scene with the black, leather ledger held tightly in his grasp.
“Oh, Mr. Wicketts,” Smith uttered with pure disdain, “You are quite the sly fox, aren’t you?”
The devilish fellow ordered for his cronies to fan out and surround the stage. 
“Apparently, you have learned quite a few things about my past. It’s all for naught though, for that book you hold is no longer of consequence. The wheel of inevitability has already been set into motion. Come tomorrow, I will be mayor, and the past life of John Smith will matter not, for my own hand will be writing a new reality.”
Timmy slowly backed away from the stage edge as Leland, Leopold and Thomas Tinderbox crept onto the surface like bloodthirsty hyenas. They slid and snuck, slowly encompassing Timmy and awaiting Smith’s word to unleashed violent fury.
Smith moved closer and appealed to Timmy once more. “So, Wicketts, why don’t you just set down that ledger? Place it softly upon the stage floor and walk away, for it is only serving one purpose now, and that is to enrage me. Give back the book, and I promise you will be granted safe passage out of this theater.”
Timmy trusted Smith as much as a dog at the dinner table. He knew there was no way Smith would let him walk away now, especially since Timmy had in-depth knowledge of his past. The two men simply stared at one another in defiance.
“Fine,” Smith conceded, “we shall do this the hard way!”
Those words sent Leland and the others lunging toward their target. Timmy cringed, preparing for impact. Instead, he heard the loud ripping sound of rope speeding through pulleys. It shrieked through the cavernous hall as the heavy, blue curtain fell from its position high above the stage. The hefty drape dropped fast and hard upon the heads and bodies of the ravenous So-Sos, momentarily trapping them within its many folds. 
Timmy looked heavenward, thanking God for his divine intervention. Instead, he spotted Bugs hanging in the rafters.
“Timmy, let’s go!” Bugs shouted as he rappelled to the stage below. The duo dashed down a back staircase and out a side door leading into an alley next to the building. Much to their surprise, Portly Slimtwist was waiting for them. Smith had ordered Portly to man the post in the event Timmy tried to exit that way.
Portly saw the two Perfects and began to pound his fists together. He chuckled as his gargantuan frame moved menacingly forward. 
“Bugs, what’s next?” asked an anxious Wicketts.
Bugs was without comment, that is until a rotten grapefruit came hurtling toward Portly, striking him soundly in the chest. “I was just waiting on the cavalry,” Harrington said with a grin.
From an adjacent roof, another grapefruit came raining down, this time accompanied by the mocking laughs of Lancelot and Benedict. Portly caught one square in the mush, promptly dropping him to his knees. He cried with pain while rubbing his eyes. The acidic juice was blinding.
Bugs and Timmy took the opportunity to rush past the incapacitated giant, but by the time they made it out into the public square once more, Smith and the others had freed themselves from the net-like curtain and were again hot on their trail. 
The Perfects cut this way and that, hoping to elude the So-So pack, a zig and a zag, but to no avail, for their pursuers stayed in step. After shooting through another alley, Bugs and Timmy took to a ladder affixed to the side of a tenement. They scurried up the rungs and onto the roof, hoping the maneuver would shake Smith and his men. It was not to be. As the pair crossed over the tar-covered surface, Bugs looked back. He could see Smith cresting the ledge and pulling himself up to their level.
Rooftop real estate was running out fast, and Timmy and Bugs soon found themselves at the opposite edge. There was little time to debate their next action, so without hesitation, they leapt over the chasm between the tenement and an adjacent building, landing with a thud upon the roof of the Shillings Library. There they spotted a summit-top door, ducked inside, and raced down a stairwell to the library’s main floor, pausing only to catch their breath.
The respite was brief because Smith had seen their path and was quick to enter the athenaeum. The chase became a labyrinthine affair as the men ran among the rows and rows of books and manuscripts. Eventually, Timmy spotted an open window along a back wall and signaled to Bugs. The two vaulted through the frame and onto the street once more. 
This time, it was Leland who had seen the escape act and was next through the hole. Smith, Thomas, and Leopold followed. Eventually the hunt had spanned a great distance, all the way to Sooty Stoops. Again, the Perfects attempted to shake off the hounds, this time choosing a large industrial laundry for their cover. Entering the building, they quickly ascended a staircase and traversed a catwalk, hoping to hide behind a stack of crates on the upper balcony. Unfortunately, they had again been a step too slow. The So-Sos kept pace, and saw the two men running toward their intended concealment.
The catwalk was narrow, and Smith led the way. Bugs and Timmy could hear him approaching. 
Shouting over the loud rhythmic hum of automated machines below, Smith called out. “Gentlemen, the game is at an end, and while you have certainly made this an exciting day, I must insist you hand over the ledger right now!”
Timmy and Bugs stood up from behind the crates. There was nowhere left to run, nowhere left to hide. They prepared themselves for a fight.
“You are such fools,” continued the egomaniacal actor. “Did you really think you two bums, and your merry crew of misfits, could change anything? You were, and always will be, the dregs of our society. The sooner men like you realize your place is at the bottom of the barrel, the better off you will be. Hell, Leland, take a note, my first act as mayor will be to demolish Sooty Stoops and raze the Moor slums. We’ll sell the land to businessmen wanting to expand, or use it to raise pigs.”
Smith extended his hand. “Now, the ledger, if you please.”
Bugs looked at Timmy with concern as his friend pulled the book from beneath his coat. Wicketts stepped forward and handed it to Smith. Bugs’ heart froze.
“Now that’s the act of a reasonable man,” Smith laughed. He held the ledger over the catwalk rail and dropped it into a large steam stove burning below. The book was burned to cinders. Timmy could barely look. He exhaled a breath of defeat and fell to one knee.
“Oh, don’t cry, Mr. Wicketts. As I said, that ledger was no longer of any use. It had done its part and ensured my election. Grand show, though. I commend your effort, but as always, in the end, I cannot be bested.” Smith took a step back as Leland, Leopold and Thomas moved forward.
“Even though your precious evidence is no longer an issue, your punishment is,” said the callous Smith. “As mayor-elect, I have to set an early example, show my future serfs that acts of thievery and criminal mischief will not be tolerated. For your sakes, I hope you blackout before your bones break.”
Leopold swung a heavy hand, but Bugs evaded the blow. Timmy was targeted next, and managed to dodge Thomas’ boot. Just then, a hidden escape route became evident, a laundry shoot just beyond the crate stack. Bugs saw it first, and snatching Timmy by the collar, pulled his friend up and over one of the wooden palettes. He tugged open the large tin door and both men dove headfirst into the pitch-black chute.
Dark quickly became light, and the pair found themselves deposited, rather softly, onto a stack of clean cottons in a large wooden wagon located outside of the building. After quickly rolling out of the cart, they took flight once more, but the breakout was brief.
Emerging from the alley they again found themselves confronted by the Ill So-Sos. Bugs and Timmy had been backed against a wall, literally, and the end was indeed inevitable this time. The savage eyes of their enemies expressed a deep-rooted desire to do them immense harm. Bugs looked at Timmy, Timmy at Bugs.
“Mr. Wicketts, it was a pleasure,” stated Bugs.
“Likewise, Mr. Harrington. You are the best of good fellows,” replied Timmy with affection.
They both raised their dukes and prepared for war, but a sudden shout of challenge altered the moment.
“Hold it right there!” Brock shouted.
Smith and his subordinates swung around to see a large force had flanked their position. It was the other nine Perfects in their unified entirety. 
“I wouldn’t do it, Smith. I really wouldn’t,” Brock suggested.
With numbers clearly no longer in their favor, Smith motioned for his men to pull back. He, however, could not resist shouting a curse of retribution.
“You scum sacks! You filthy bathers! I bear witness to your crime, as do the rest of my men! How dare you, all of you, show your faces together in public! That is a clear violation of past decrees, and I will see to it that you are all prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law! Hell, after tomorrow, I am the law! I’ll see to it that each of you, to a man, is put away for years, if not decades! You’ll all rot in jail!”
Smith was fuming, and as Leland pulled him away from the situation, the Perfects could still hear him screaming as he was reluctantly dragged off into the distance.
Timmy and Bugs joined Brock and the others as an exchange of thanks and concern was passed among the clan. The good tidings were short-lived, however. Bugs explained to everyone how the ledger had been destroyed. Their only hope now was Gabriel winning the election. That’s when Timmy revealed even sadder news. He told them what Genny had said, how Smith and Percival had extorted votes and were pretty much ensured the win. The resulting mood was one of ample gloom.
Bugs was even more agitated.
“Timmy, you promised you’d stay away from that woman.”
Timmy contested. “I had good reason. Genny knew about the ledger. She told me where it was and about the key. It was a risk worth taking.” 
“But it was all for nothing. Her leads almost landed you right back in the hospital, and this time, with me right alongside.”
“It was our only chance, Bugs,” Timmy pleaded.
“You broke your word.” Harrington replied with disappointment.
Francis could sense the rising shindy and stepped in. “Look, it’s all over. Let’s move on. Mr. Goldhand’s final rally is set to kickoff and we need to ensure it’s a great one. With Smith buying votes, we need all the good will we can get.”
Francis was right. Now was not the time. More important things were on the horizon. The election was set to take place tomorrow, and with any luck, they may still be able to win back votes.



=====

Chapter 16: The Final Bow

Gabriel’s last rally was chalk-full of good feelings and well-wishers. He gave a rousing speech and concluded with great thanks to all those who supported him. It was bittersweet for the Perfects. They knew all of it may not be enough, and once again, another good man would lose to the powerful adversaries of corruption and greed. No one could tell Gabriel what they had learned, and without proof, it was pointless anyway. Instead, they congratulated him on a well-run campaign and hoped he would rest soundly that night knowing he had done all he could to make his case to the people. Gabriel was content in that knowledge. He slept well.
Excitement ran rampant through town the next day. People were voting in droves, providing a better turnout than any past election. Each one of the Perfects stationed himself around town. They made last-minute appeals and answered any voter questions that were still lingering. On more than one occasion, they passed a So-So doing the same thing. An uneasy civility was upheld.
The day went fast. After the polls closed, the final count was verified at the Central District House of Parliament. That was Timmy’s station, or should have been. When Francis went to meet up with his friend, Timmy was nowhere to be found. Not knowing where else to look, he headed back to Lester’s, where he found the rest of the Perfects with Gabriel. They anxiously awaited the seven o’clock hour, when the formal decree of the winner would be made outside of the mayor’s mansion.
“Bugs, have you seen Timmy?” Francis asked.
“No,” he curtly replied. “He’s probably off trying to woo away that jezebel, Genny Jenkins.”
Francis could sense Bugs’ grudge was held deep. He approached the others, but each man stated he had not seen Timmy anywhere. Pulling a pocket watch from beneath his lapel, Sir Snoots announced it was time to head over to the mansion for the official proclamation of results. The men gathered up their things and departed for Central District.
A huge crowd was gathered on the lawn of the noble manor. It seemed as if the whole town was present, and there was an electricity in the evening air. Bugs and Gabriel made their way toward the officials’ table erected on the front stoop of the mansion. 
The mass erupted upon seeing Mr. Goldhand. Smith appeared soon after, accompanied by Genny and Leland. Despite waving to the crowd with an air of confidence, it was audibly noticeable he received far less fan support. The town clock struck seven, and after the last tone, the head official of the elector stood and approached the podium. Gabriel stood nervously at one side while Smith smiled knowingly at the other.
The scene grew silent as the official unrolled a scroll inscribed with the decision.
“On this day, the twentieth day of the ninth month, the College of Southrump Electors formally decrees that Mr. John Smith has won the office of mayor of Upper Southrump by a margin of 59 votes!”
Smith’s supporters cheered with excitement, but the vast population was thrust into shocked disbelief. Gabriel bowed his head in defeat as John Smith moved toward the podium to make his acceptance speech. 
“Friends, today is truly a great day for our town,” the unscrupulous schemer proclaimed. “You have made your choice, and it is by far the wiser. Today marks the first day of a brand new…”
Smith’s words began to fail him as he noticed commotion just off to his side. A group of constables had made their way up to the dais. 
“As I was saying,” he fumbled to continue. “This marks a…”
The commotion escalated as several of the officers slapped cuffs on three of the election officials seated behind the podium. Smith didn’t know what was going on. His head was on a swivel, frantically looking this way and that. Suddenly, he felt a tug upon his arms and the cold grip of iron around his wrists. Chief Constable Cuffburn locked the bindings tight.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” the constable shouted loud for all to hear, “it has come to our knowledge that Mr. John Smith has long been involved in smuggling, forgery, theft, battery, kidnapping, extortion, fraud, and most recently, bribery and blackmail.”
Cuffburn then raised Smith’s black, leather ledger high in the air for all to see. “This book contains details of such crimes, conducted over several years, as well as the parties involved. Each and every one of them will be sought out and punished in accordance with our laws.”
Smith was beside himself. “No, that is not my ledger! I have never seen that tome! I’ve been framed!” He began to struggle and fight, and Cuffburn directed two of his men to escort him from the premises.
As Smith passed through the stunned crowd, he happened to glance upon the smiling face of Timmy Wicketts only inches in front of him.
Timmy leaned over and whispered with great satisfaction, “Mr. Smith, you have been bested.”
The words sent Smith into a tizzy, and he screamed and shouted in furious rage. His outburst was met by a sturdy lashing before the constables stuffed him headfirst into the waiting paddy wagon. Numerous other men were led to the transport in chains. Among them were several election officials, as well as Leland and the other So-Sos in attendance.
Chief Constable Cuffburn still stood in front of the crowd. He signaled to his side and a rough looking, but smiling, man approached. It was Reginald T. Jenkins, Genny’s father.
“This man had been wrongly imprisoned for Smith’s past crimes," the chief announced. "It is with humility that we exonerate him of any wrong-doing and release him from his bonds.”
Genny, who had been looking on in utter shock, rushed her father and hugged him tightly. They danced and swayed, replacing years of horror and sorrow with a pure and powerful moment of relief and love. The people of Southrump cheered the announcement.
Their exaltation didn’t end there though. The remaining election officials had been discussing what to do. As it was clear the results included fraudulent and improper votes, a recalculation was done. The head official then took the podium.
“As a result of these new facts, we, The College of Southrump Electors, amend our previous proclamation and declare Mr. Gabriel Goldhand the new and acting mayor of Upper Southrump!”
Again, the people roared with excitement. They shouted, hooted, and hollered as Gabriel took the podium.
“Men and women of Upper Southrump, I am almost at a loss for words. This is truly a momentous day for me, and while I hope you’ll forgive a brief moment of celebration on my part, I want each and every one of you to know that as mayor, I will act only in your service. You have put me in this position, and it is you to whom I answer.”
Mr. Goldhand’s remarks were met with another round of cheers.
“I am happy to see Constable Cuffburn has begun to carry out a critical tenant of my new administration, weeding out the corruption that has so long plagued our society. That is why, with full confidence, I formally appoint Randolph Cuffburn the permanent chief constable of Upper Southrump.”
Gabriel and Randolph exchanged a hearty handshake.
“Now, if I may offer one more decree in these, my first minutes as mayor,” stated the red-cheeked fellow, “I would like The Royal Perfects to join me at the podium.”
As the eleven men shuffled out of the crowd, the people yelled in great spirits. They patted the Perfects on the back and celebrated their joint appearance.
Surrounded by his loyal friends, Gabriel quieted the commotion with waves of his hand.
“Let it be known that as of this moment, the ban on The Royal Perfects has been officially lifted!”
Another roar rang out, and the troupe shared hugs and congratulations amongst the clamor.
“Tomorrow,” continued Mr. Goldhand, “I propose we hold a public celebration in Sooty Stoops honoring these good men, that is, if they agree to favor us with a performance at the festival.”
Timmy stepped forward, nodding his agreement. He embraced Gabriel, and the men and women of Southrump saluted them. The sound was so loud, one could easily reason it would be heard on the moon.
Gabriel thanked the people once more before stepping down and making his way toward the mayor’s house, his house. Advisors from various city departments were there, waiting, prepared to make introductions and brief Gabriel on the most pressing matters. Mrs. Goldhand met him first, however, and delivered her husband a warm hug and joyous peck.
As the crowd began to disperse, Timmy, Bugs, and the other Perfects were still gathered together.
“Timmy,” Bugs asked in astonishment, “How? How did you…”
“The Shillings Library,” Timmy stated with a crafty smile. “When we were running from Smith, I swapped the ledger out for a similar-looking book on one of the shelves. With all the commotion at that moment, it took quite some time to recall just which shelve I had hid it on, but I eventually found it.”
Bugs just laughed. Timmy had once again proven to be a man of immense ingenuity.
“Now, let’s get home, lads,” said Wicketts. “We have a show to prepare for.”
The eleven men happily, and with great relief, made their way down the mansion steps. Timmy, however, paused to look back toward the eternal target of his affection and was immediately embraced by a leaping Genny. They shared a kiss of historic passion, a wonderful moment of bliss. It was a soulful exchange of emotion and tenderness.
After releasing from their shared caress, they said nothing, only partaking in the forged love in each other’s eyes. Genny slowly walked toward her father, and Timmy toward his friends.
In the months following Gabriel Goldhand’s appointment, the town of Upper Southrump was enlivened and energetic. Keeping to his promise and aided by Randolph Cuffburn, Gabriel worked tirelessly to end past practices of greed and malfeasance among the numerous governmental and business entities in the city. Their efforts yielded great effect, and soon, a renaissance of entrepreneurship and hope grew among the people.
Freed from their unjust social confines, the Perfects wasted no time getting back to what they did best, performing. They landed a deal with another tavern owner through Gabriel’s recommendation. After a great stint there, routinely performing to packed houses and public acclaim, Sir Snoots proposed they make the leap to self-made marketers by constructing a theater of their very own. 
Within the year, the Rhombus Theater was built in the birthplace of the company, Sooty Stoops. It was a marvelous place with all the necessary amenities needed for a first-class house of show. There had been some debate as to whether Sooty Stoops was the best location for such a place. Snoots reasoned that Central District would have attracted a higher, wealthier class of patron, but Timmy and Bugs protested.
They had cut their teeth in the Stoops and felt they owed it to that community. In addition, Timmy knew that if the quality and popularity of their performances held fast, it would draw more people into the impoverished shire, people who may not otherwise venture there. This idea proved true. As the Perfects gained increasing public notoriety and fame, more and more people came to see their shows.
Oftentimes, these were people of money and culture. Seeing the success of such an artistic endeavor taking root in the Stoops, many keen businessmen and lovers of theater invested in the neighborhood. Specialty shops, restaurants and art galleries popped up everywhere. Soon, the Stoops was no longer a slum and industrial wasteland, it was becoming the heart of culture in Upper Southrump. 
With the new theater also came a new play, one later looked upon as the supreme masterpiece of The Royal Perfects. Timmy had been scripting the production for a very long time. Inspiration had come in short bursts here and there, but when the Rhombus was built, all agreed an original, and absolutely marvelous, work must accompany its opening. That play came in the form of Infinite Meat. 
The story revolved around a butcher named Brady Blockcut. The entire town of Noggers Knob was in the grip of a meat shortage, and Brady was fast losing his income. So what is a threatened businessman butcher to do? Easy, make a deal with Lucifer.
The Devil granted Brady a cow capable of producing infinite meat. With every chop of a limb, another grew instantly back. But in exchange for the magical bovine, Brady had to pay a dear cost, pledging his soul the Lord of Darkness himself.
Overcome with the temptation of instant profit, Brady made the deal, but, in a malicious twist, he substituted his soul for that of his only daughter. There’s always a catch when dealing with Mephistopheles, however, and sometimes two or three. Not only did the cow’s meat taste like chicken, not beef, the creature could talk and would scream in utter agony every time a cut was made. The emotional toll of procuring meat grated on Brady, and when his customers began returning and demanding refunds because they had purchased beef and not the chicken they tasted, the butcher was pushed to the edge of insanity.
What’s more, his daughter was spending an eternity in hell due to her father’s selfish greed. But even hell can become heaven when two souls find love. Such was the case with the Devil and Brady’s daughter. 
It was, by far, the most complex production Timmy had ever written and the Perfects had ever performed. They were forced to hirer another actor. That actor’s name was George Thistlebeard, Timmy’s old cellmate from the Grinder.
George had been released a few months earlier for good behavior. It also didn’t hurt that Timmy had put in a good word with Randolph Cuffburn. The first thing Thistlebeard did upon regaining his freedom was seek out his past love, Amelia.
It was not to be, however. Amelia had not waited. She had moved on, leaving town with another man and no idea of her future whereabouts. That left George alone and without a clear direction.
But soon, an idea came to him. He overheard two farmhands discussing a play they had seen called One Comment Too Many. It was a Perfect play and George immediately thought of Timmy. He traveled to Upper Southrump and met up with his friend. Timmy told the others about his acting skills, how he had pretended to be insane for years in order to avoid the harshness of prison. George was immediately welcomed into the fold. 
Now twelve strong, the Perfects could perform Infinite Meat, and perform they did. The play was an instant success, garnering more acclaim than any theater show they had ever put on. The hype was so grandiose it even traveled beyond the confines of Upper Southrump. Soon, The Royal Perfects’ reputation spread throughout England, and then to all of Europe. 
The pinnacle of their success came when Queen Victoria herself attended one of the shows. Afterward, a representative offered the Perfects an unprecedented opportunity. The Queen was interested in using a new technology called the wheel of life, a device capable of capturing moving pictures on film, to produce a series of P.S.A.s, or Proclamations for Societal Advancement. These P.S.A.s were to be presented on projection screens at social gatherings and community houses all over the country in the hope of educating the public about the issues of the day and matters of public health and well-being.
It was a lucrative and exciting opportunity that the Perfects could not pass up. Heck, the Queen herself was asking. So they made the P.S.A.s, being, perhaps, the earliest actors to ever be captured on film.
Those rough artifacts of cinema became the last original, public work to bear The Royal Perfects' name. The acting company rode a wave of popularity and fortune for a few years more, but as with all matters of time and history, things eventually came to an end.



=====

Epilogue

Ever since being freed of John Smith’s tentacled grip, Genny and Timmy had strengthened their relationship. It was a secret affair at first. Timmy worried what his fellow Perfects, especially Bugs, would think of it all. Bugs still harbored resentment toward the lass. He could never trust her after believing she was at least partly responsible for past events of tragedy. He also begrudged Timmy for lying about seeing her those many months ago. To Bugs, Genny remained the last possible vessel of Smith’s influence and vengeance. 
Wicketts realized this, and so he kept his budding relationship with Genny under wraps. But as time passed, their love blossomed and a proposition of marriage was made. Genny whole-heartedly accepted and they wed on a clear October morning. The only other Perfect in attendance was Francis Dinkyworth.
With the bonds now official, Timmy convinced himself it was proper and best to unveil the vows taken. In addition, he believed his wife’s skills as an actress could be a welcome addition to the cast, though she personally never pushed for such involvement. When Timmy broached the subject with a couple of the other actors, it received a warm, yet subdued response. They knew Bugs would have none of it, and they were right.
When word got to him, Harrington was besieged by temper. He felt betrayed, slighted, and put out. Despite his pleas, Timmy could not convince his friend of Genny’s sincerity. The rift that formed was simply too great, and soon thereafter, the troupe began to fall apart.
Bugs never got over the issue. He quit the company and headed back to America. He never spoke of a plan but had hopes of finding new opportunities in New York City. 
Brock Bullsock departed with him, having taken a liking to a sport called football. While his injured hand kept him from competing in many types of athletic contests, he found football to be an excellent answer. His quick-footed pugilistic skills transferred quite well to a game you could only play using your feet. Brock thought the sport could take America by storm, becoming a national pastime, and he’d be in on the ground floor.
Sir Snoots McGee also felt America held promise. The Perfects had each pocketed a healthy sum of coin over their years of success, and Sir Snoots was no different. Being the avid businessman, Snoots used the money to invest in the wheel of life technology to which he had been introduced while doing the P.S.A.s. He loved the idea, and saw great potential in the product.
So, alongside his cat, Mr. Snoots—who was a parting gift of reconciliation from Lancelot due to their frequently strained relationship—Sir Snoots crossed the pond to promote what he called “movies.”
Lancelot Castletowne had used his increased public stature to benefit nonprofit causes, and chose to focus on that well-intentioned mission upon leaving the Perfects. Among the charities was a foundation he started called Wigs for the Balding Homeless. The mission of W.B.H. was to purchase and provide white, powdered wigs to the local population of balding destitutes and delinquents, many of whom had fallen so low they had sold their own locks for mere scraps.
Lancelot, having lived that life for a period of time, believed the way back to self-respect and citizenship began with a head of hair of which one could be proud. The non-profit W.B.H. served thousands of those in need, and several went on to reputable employment, due in part to their wig-fueled, renewed confidence.
After one of the last performances of Infinite Meat, Benedict Hornberger had gotten into a discussion with a visiting friend by the name of Johann. Johann had provided a musical score to accompany the play and was present to see how the whole production came across. He approved of it all with fervent endorsement. 
As the two conversed, the subject of beard growth and grooming came up. Both men had ample, dense facial hair, and Johann marveled at Benedict’s beautiful, shimmering bristles. Many of the Perfects shared the same beard luster, and as the friends talked, Benedict came to realize that it was due, in no small part, to their common, pre-show ritual of sharing a dinner of beef and salad, the latter of which was dressed with olive oil and grapefruit juice. The slick concoction would be absorbed into their beards and mustaches, leaving behind an unparalleled sheen.
Discovering this, the pair believed the phenomenon was worth pursuing. When the Perfects broke ranks, Hornberger immediately began an effort to bottle and sell the coincidental elixir. Bottles of Benedict’s Beard Drippings sold like hotcakes.
While Benedict had patented a modified version of salad dressing, Smirks Puffchest, Jr. became known, once again, for his master cookery. Having been the Perfect house chef for years, when the men split ways, he tried out for a position as a dining servant to the Queen. A delightfully delicious take on sweet, glazed beet cakes won him a role, and Smirks happily cooked for the Queen for many years thereafter.
John Ladyfist returned to his first love, being a seamstress. The reputation he had hewn from his time with the Perfects erased any and all hesitation clients may have had about hiring a male gown tailor. In fact, John’s work became so highly prized, he gained international acknowledgement. This led him to Italy, where he opened a first-class boutique called The Duchess’ Secret. 
Mention of The Royal Perfects was a common occurrence in printed media, but another topic was receiving equal attention—increased pirate assaults on common shipping routes. When the acting troupe disbanded, Captain Pantaloons took on the mantle of mercenary bondsmen. He used his wealth to purchase a ship of his own, which he christened The Son of the Dirtwater Puffin, and hired a worthy crew set to the mission of bringing pirates and sea rogues to justice. They acquired a number of bounties and were offered several contracts from merchants and shippers. George Thistlebeard also joined Pantaloons’ squad, and the pair embarked on countless high seas adventures.
Romeo and Francis remained joint owners of the Rhombus Theater. They continued to perform plays and even ventured into managerial roles, eventually enlisting and showcasing up-and-coming local acts of stage and music. Their experiences with the Perfects had taught them much, and they gratefully passed on this knowledge to young men and women looking to break into the field.
That left only Timmy and Genny. The blithesome newlyweds purchased a home not far from Timmy’s childhood residence in Sooty Stoops. The also acquired a second vacant property only a few blocks away, which they transformed into a prestigious acting academy. It was prestigious to the degree that both unparalleled performers taught there. They instructed anyone with a passion for the arts, regardless of class or upbringing. Many of their students couldn’t pay even the smallest amount of coin, but it was of no issue to the Wicketts. They were doing what they loved, with the one they loved, and that was all that mattered.
Such is the history of The Royal Perfects.



=====

A Note from the Author
It is with immense gratitude that I thank you for downloading this book. I hope you had just as much fun in the Perfects' world as I did writing about it. I also hope you gathered some measure of inspiration from young Timmy Wicketts, for I firmly believe that within every single one of us lies a source of immense talent, talent to be shared with one another, and through which great things can be made a reality.

About the Author
The Royal Perfects is the first novel-length story written by Jeremy Neeley. Mr. Neeley has always loved the art of storytelling and believes writing has the wonderful ability to not only entertain, but to motivate. He has worked for several years as a graphic designer at a Pittsburgh-based university and currently lives with his wife and two children in Clairton, Pennsylvania (otherwise known as the Sooty Stoops of Western PA).

Learn more about The Royal Perfects at
http://www.theroyalperfects.com

Sincerest thanks and gratitude to:
Taylor, Rose, Megan, Terry, Karen, Larry, Mom, and my countless friends and supporters. Each one is truly Perfect.

And to my inspirations and loves,
Amanda, Libby and Abby

