SANTA v. AFTON

By Silas Flint

Published by Silas Flint at Smashwords

Copyright 2012 Silas Flint

Discover other titles by Silas Flint at Smashwords.com

This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed solely for non-commercial purposes, and only if the book remains in its complete, original form and contains the copyright notice.  Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN


CHAPTER ONE

‘Click!’
“—traffic is backed up from Redwood road to the I-215 onramp, so if you're going that way, you might want to pick an alternate route.  And now, back to your Christmas holiday favorites on FM 100...”
Jack Parsons stared through the frosty windshield of his Toyota at the line of cars in front of him, heading into the city.  As the strains of “Winter Wonderland” came over his radio, he tapped nervously on his Pepe Le Pew steering wheel cover.  He wouldn't be getting to his law office until after 9:00, once again.  A few months ago when he still worked for the firm, that would have bothered him a great deal.  Now that he had his own office and was in solo practice, he hardly cared.  There were bigger things to worry about.  Like having work to do once he got to the office.
A car swerved out of its lane next to Jack and cut in front of him with inches to spare.  Jack swore softly.  “That's the second close call this morning,” he said to no one in particular.  “If only he’d hit me! Then at least I’d have a case to work on at last!”
The tune on the radio switched to ‘Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fire.’  Jack tapped nervously on his steering wheel again.  There wouldn't be any chestnuts or open fires at his house for Christmas this year, unless he got more clients soon.  The problem was, Christmas was the one time of year that people were less likely to sue each other (there was too much good will), and Jack knew his chances of finding new clients during the holidays were slim.
“It’s the dog’s fault,” said Jack grumpily for the hundredth time, smacking his hand on the dashboard.  “If Margo hadn’t brought home that darn dog we wouldn’t be in this mess!”
That’s what had started it all.  That dog, and the knowledge of how much it would cost to feed and keep him.  After all, he was a German Sheppard!  Oh, sure, even before the dog, he and Margo had talked many times about his leaving the firm and opening his own office as a solo attorney.  But somehow, the purchase of the dog had triggered what hours of speculation and talking with Margo had failed to do.  They both knew it was just an excuse, but it had been fun to think they were making the break with the firm in order to afford all the dog food that the firm’s wages wouldn't cover.  After all, German Sheppards weren’t timid about eating.  At the rates Jack intended to charge, and since he would be able to pocket most of the attorney fees he brought in—rather than receive just a fraction of it like he had while at the firm—he figured he only needed to work three hours a day to make more than what he had been earning at the firm in seven.  In theory it had sounded perfect.
“But there’s always a catch,” said Jack to himself angrily.  “Life wouldn’t be life if there wasn’t a catch waiting to jump out at you and ruin all you’re carefully laid plans!”  And the catch in this case was—how do you get clients?
Jack rolled into his traditional free parking spot along the shoulder of Mongrel Lane and killed the engine.  After making sure the dogs who gave the lane its name were not in sight, he grabbed his briefcase and started walking the 3 blocks to his office.  As he drew closer to his building he looked wistfully at the paid parking lots he couldn’t afford to use.  He winced as he recalled bragging to Margo that within a year he would be parking a new Ferrari in one of them.
“Yep,” muttered Jack gloomily to himself as he walked.  “It was that darn dog!”  Then he smiled grimly.  At least he didn’t have to worry about the dog and its appetite anymore.  Not after it had tried to eat that tennis ball ...
The building receptionist greeted Jack warmly as he entered the lobby.  “Many appointments today, Jack?” she asked encouragingly.  She knew only to well the struggle Jack and many of the other new solo attorneys in the building were having.
“Got a pretty full day,” lied Jack, smiling.
“Great!” she smiled back, even though she knew it wasn’t true.  “Say, I got a call from a Mr. Noel, asking to see you at 10:00 a.m.  Think you can squeeze him in?”
“Could I?!” yelled Jack so enthusiastically that a maintenance man working on the elevators turned to stare.  “I mean,” he said hastily, trying to compose himself, “Yes, I’m sure I could fit him in.  Did he say he’d pay my consultation fee, or mention anything about what kind of case he had?”
“I told him about your consult fee, and he said he’d pay,” replied the receptionist.  “As for his case, it sounded like he was fired from his job.”  Then she turned to take a telephone call.
“It figures,” muttered Jack to himself as he got on the elevator and pressed the 5th floor button.  “The only clients I ever get are people who just lost their job and don’t have the money to pay me.”
Once in his office, Jack dawdled on his computer and tried to drum up some new angle to get clients.  Should he join another men's service club?  Nope—he was already in five, all of which were full of eager new attorneys looking for clients just like him.  He hadn’t gotten a single referral so far from any of them.
How about visiting a hospital emergency room to find a personal injury victim?  Nope—against the attorney ethical rules.  Maybe he could stand on a wet street corner to see if anyone slipped?  Nope—too cold, and he might slip himself.  It was hopeless.
Jack kept a close eye on the clock as it drew nearer to 10:00 a.m.  At least he would have a little money this week, even it was just a $30.00 consult fee.  Provided, that is, that Mr. Noel actually showed up and remembered to bring his money.
Finally, the receptionist’s voice came over Jack’s telephone.
“Mr. Noel is here to see you.  I’m sending him right up.”
“Thank you,” said Jack.  He straightened his tie.  Looking around his office he couldn’t help feeling it probably looked too clean and organized for a busy attorney.  He took some of the legal forms he never used out of his drawer and scattered them across his desk.  Then he pulled out some of his books and dropped one on the floor.  That was better.
There was a tap at the door.
“Mr. Parsons?” said a husky voice.
“Yes, come in,” said Jack.
Jack's heart sank as Mr. Noel entered the office.  He was a scruffy looking old man, with a scraggly, long beard and long white hair.  His pants and red shirt were far too baggy for his slender frame, and his black boots were scuffed and worn.  He looked like he had just been rejected from a hobo village.  It was only too obvious he didn't have a dime on him.
Out of sheer, reluctant politeness, Jack shook the old man’s hand.  “Hello, Mr. Noel,” he said with a forced smile.  “I’m Jack Parsons.”  He paused.  “The receptionist told you about the $30.00 consult fee, I guess?”  He had learned with clients like this that it was best to remind them of the fee before spending the half hour consult time.
“Yep,” said the old man.  “Got it right here.”  He thumped the pocket of his soiled, baggy vest.  Jack wondered if he was telling the truth.  He paused for a moment, hoping the old man would pull out the money and give it to him, but he didn’t.
“Well, have a seat then,” Jack finally said with a sigh, waving toward one of his office chairs.  “My receptionist told me you were fired from your job.  Tell me all about it.”
“It was the City of Afton,” said the old man as he sat down in one of Jack’s lumpy client chairs.  Only then did Jack notice that there was a peculiar twinkle in the old man’s eye that seemed almost familiar.  Yet the man’s eyes also seemed hard and cold.
“The City of Afton,” repeated Jack.  “That’s interesting.  I live in Afton.  I guess you know that it’s not a very big place—only 500 people in the whole town.  It’s halfway up the mountain out of Salt Lake City, quiet and secluded.  But you know all that, I’m sure if you worked there.”
“Well, I sort of worked there,” said the old man.  “I made deliveries.”  He suddenly removed a huge pipe from one of his inner pockets and with the flick of a finger had it lit.  Jack, who was not fond of tobacco smoke, coughed.
“Uh, sorry, but no smoking is allowed in the building,” he said politely.
The old man gave Jack a hard look.  Then he suddenly smiled.  “Sorry about that,” he said with a chuckle.  He reached over and tapped out the contents of the pipe into Jack’s garbage can.
Jack looked in alarm into his garbage can, but there were no flames. He looked up at the old man and forced another smile.
“So, um, when did this termination take place?” he continued.
“For the last 40 years,” responded the old man.
Jack’s forced smile remained frozen on his face.  “Forty years,” he repeated mechanically.  “Right.”  There was an awkward pause.  Jack could see this consult was going to the dogs.  He might as well tell the old man the reality regarding employment law in Utah, and save himself from wasting half an hour.
“There’s something you should probably know at the outset,” Jack said.  “Utah is an ‘at-will’ state when it comes to employment.  That means you can quit a job or be fired by your boss at any time for any reason, or for no reason at all.  However, there are a few exceptions to the ‘at-will’ doctrine.  If you were discriminated against because of your race or age or gender, you would have a good claim.  You might also have a claim if you were fired for refusing to do something illegal, or for missing work time because of jury duty.  There aren’t many exceptions like this, and the few there are must be based on a clear public policy. Sometimes you can also have a claim if there was an implied contract—where they told you that you wouldn’t be fired for a specified period of time.”
“That’s it!” shouted the old man, slapping his knee.  “I knew I had a claim! There’s an implied contract for ongoing service and a clear public policy in my case if there ever was one!”
“Really?” said Jack, raising an eyebrow.  “What public policy is that?”
“Christmas!” said the old man simply.  He just stared at Jack with those odd, twinkly eyes, a small smile visible through his thick beard.  
Jack cleared his throat.  “Right,” he said with forced cheerfulness.  “I'm afraid, Mr. Noel, that Christmas is not a public policy.  It’s just a public holiday.  A public policy has to be something that is protected by law, like jury duty.”
“Isn’t Christmas protected by law?” said the old man, leaning back in his chair with a merry look on his face.  “Can a state in this union declare it illegal to observe Christmas?”
“Well, no,” said Jack slowly. “But that's not exactly what I—“
 “And don’t most cities put up Christmas decorations on the streets and at city hall?  Doesn’t Afton do that?”
“Well, yes,” said Jack.  “But Christmas still isn’t really a public policy.”  He could see that they were getting nowhere, so he decided to change the subject.  “Did Afton fire you because of Christmas?”
“The people of Afton did,” said the old man with a glint in his eyes.  “Every year.  For forty years in a row.”
Jack just stared at him.  “I don't understand,” he said at last.
“Here,” said the man, reaching into his vest pocket and pulling out a small object.  “This will help explain it.”  He handed Jack a small gold business card, engraved in shimmering green ink, which read as follows:

Santa Claus
(Also known as Kris Kringle or Papai Noel)
 Free Christmas gifts and deliveries for good folks everywhere
Free coal deliveries for everybody else.
1 Rudolph Street, North Pole 81791Tel. (09) 4360-6918 
Fax (09) 4360-6919 Email hohoho@polarcap.com

Jack looked up at the man and laughed politely.  “So, I assume you rent out your services in Afton as a ‘Santa’ at Christmas,” he said knowingly.  He nodded toward the old man’s baggy pants.  “With a few pillows round your stomach, of course.  And I suppose people in Afton told you they didn’t want you this year.”
“Not at all,” said the old man.  “I am Santa Claus!  Have been for 503 years!” 
Jack stared at the old man.  For the first time he wished he kept a concealed weapon in his office.  The old coot might be violent.
The old man continued.  “The whole world—including, of course, the town of Afton—have stopped believing in me and have driven me right out of a job.  They all buy their own Christmas presents now.  Even the post office doesn’t deliver to me anymore.  I’ve suffered from it for the last 40 years, wasting away, losing weight out of sheer depression, turning my reindeer out to pasture.  But I finally decided it’s time to stick up for my rights and my job.  That’s where you come in.”
There was a long moment of silence while Jack fiddled nervously with his pen.  Then the old man said,  “I want you to represent me in suing the Town of Afton.  Every man, woman and child in the whole town.  Except you and your family of course, and the judge and the process server.  But everyone else.”
Jack suddenly picked up his telephone and started dialing 911.  “So, tell me,” he said with false cheerfulness, “how are Donner and Blitzen these days?”
The old man drew something out of his pocket that made Jack gasp and drop the telephone receiver with a clatter.  It was a wad of $100 bills so thick you couldn't even drive a nail through it.
“Of course,” said the old man slowly, starting to peel bills out of the wad and drop them on Jack’s desk, “I am prepared to pay for your services.  I believe your rate is $450.00 per hour?”
For a moment, Jack did not reply, his eyes transfixed by the pile of bills starting to accumulate on his desk.  Saliva dribbled out of his mouth.  Then in a high pitched, shrill girly voice, he said, “yes, that's my rate”—even though he knew the rate he normally told people was $100.00 per hour, or any lesser amount they could actually pay.
“Will a $5,000.00 retainer be enough to get you started?” asked Mr. Noel.
“$5,000.00!” choked Jack in a strangled voice.
“Make it $10,000.00 then,” said Mr. Noel, dropping more bills on Jack’s desk.  “Plus another $5,000.00 for the process server, to serve all the complaints you’re going to prepare.”  The pile of bills on Jack’s desk looked like a small mountain, and without realizing it, Jack dreamily reached over and began pretending he was skiing down it with his fingers.
Mr. Noel suddenly stood up. “Well, I’ve got to get back to the north pole and gear up the toy factory.”  A dreamy look came into his eyes.  “For the first time in years...”  Then he smiled.  “Things will be popping in Afton once you get that Complaint for wrongful termination filed and served.”
“Afton,” said Jack dreamily, while letting his fingers wallow through the pile of money on his desk.
“Of course you understand that I’m only suing a small town like Afton this year because it's less than two weeks until Christmas and there isn’t enough time to sue a bigger city.  Next year, however, I intend to bring suit in Salt Lake, and lots of other cities across the country.  I’ll rely on your help in the Utah cases, of course.”
“Of course,” responded Jack shrilly, as if suing a city of a million people was a common occurrence.
“Now, remember,” said Mr. Noel, pointing his finger at Jack, “I want every single man, woman and child in Afton named as a defendant in this lawsuit.  I want everyone served with a summons and Complaint by tomorrow, so they’ll have it as long before Christmas as possible.  If every single person in Afton comes to believe in me, I can deliver presents there.  But ONLY if they all come to believe by Christmas!"
“Christmas,” repeated Jack absently in a garbled voice.
“It would also be nice to schedule depositions before Christmas, even though I know that would be unusually quick in a regular lawsuit,” said Mr. Noel.
“Depositions,” repeated Jack with a blank look at Mr. Noel, as if he didn’t know what the word meant.  In fact, he hardly did, since he had never yet conducted a deposition question and answer session, with all parties and attorneys present.
“This is important, now,” said Mr. Noel, looking intensely at Jack.  “Try to schedule the depositions as soon as you can—as soon as people file their answers, or even sooner if possible.  And if anybody files a Motion to Dismiss my Complaint instead of an Answer, get a hearing date on the motion before the judge as quick as you can—before Christmas, if possible. I want everything done before Christmas that is possible to do. Got all that?”
“All what?” said Jack through glazed eyes, as if seeing Mr. Noel for the first time.
“Good!” said Mr. Noel.  “Glad to see you’ve got a firm grasp of the situation.  Looks like I picked the right man for the job.  I’ll see you at the depositions then.  Try to schedule them all at once, on the same day, if possible.  Don’t want to lose too much time away from the factory, you know.  If you need to contact me before then, use my email address on my card.  If you need more money, just let me know and I'll either send it via Western Union or have Rudolph drop it off.”
“Rudolph the red nosed reindeer!” jibbered Jack as if he had completely lost his senses.
Mr. Noel smiled.  “I’m encouraged to see you have such a clear understanding of the job ahead.  See you soon.”
Jack reached down and reverently began lifting up the $100.00 bills one by one.  By the time he had finished and looked up, the old man was gone.

CHAPTER TWO

“YOU DID WHAT?!”
Jack’s wife Margo was looking at him as if purple bananas had just sprouted out of his head. 
Jack looked at the floor nervously, then back up at Margo.  “I took a case from a guy claiming to be Santa Claus, to sue the entire Town of Afton for not believing in him anymore.”
Margo suddenly put a hand to Jack’s forehead.  “You don't feel hot,” she mumbled.  Then she gave him a sharp look.  “Did somebody give you another box of rum-filled chocolates?”
“It’s true, Margo!” exclaimed Jack.  “A guy named Mr. Noel really did come to my office today and hired me to sue the Town of Afton.  And look how much of a retainer he gave me!”  Jack poured the $100.00 bills he had received from Mr. Noel onto the kitchen table.
Margo gasped.  “Jack!” she exclaimed.  “I can't believe it!” She reached out and
reverently touched a $100.00 bill.  Then suddenly she pulled back as if stung.  “Did you say he wants you to sue the entire Town of Afton?!” she cried.  
“Yep,” said Jack proudly.  “I spent the day preparing the Complaint and all the
Summonses to be served this evening on everyone in town.”
“NO! !” screamed Margo suddenly.  She shoved all of the $100.00 bills back towards Jack.  “You can’t do it!  Give it all back!”
“What?!” said Jack in amazement.  “Are you crazy?  Look at all that cash!  That's more money than I’ve made in the last six months since I opened my own law practice!”
“But don’t you realize what this means?!” cried Margo.  “How can I show my face in public if you’ve sued every single person in town?  What's going to happen when I walk into the store or the bank?”
Jack laughed.  “Oh, that’s nothing to worry about.  What do we care what other people think?  Besides, think of the money for a case this size!  We can finally replace the bomb with a real car!”
“A car!!” screamed Margo.  Then she gave him a look that could have melted granite.  “You expect me,” she began icily, “to set foot outside this door when everyone thinks some crackpot claiming to be Santa hired you to sue every person I meet?!  You expect our two children to go to school and play with their classmates who are all defendants to your silly lawsuit?!”
“Well...” said Jack lamely.  “Yes... Besides, you’ve been talking about home schooling the kids anyway.  Maybe this is a good time to start.”
Margo’s gaze made Jack feel distinctly hot under the collar.  “Well, gosh honey,” he continued desperately, “think of all the money!  Think of all the things we’ve been talking about buying—the things we need!”
“Money isn’t everything,” Margo said tightly.
“That’s not what you told me yesterday,” Jack countered.
“I changed my mind.”
“Daddy?”  Jack turned to look at his 7-year-old daughter Jessica who had just come into the room.  “Did Santa say what he’s going to bring me for Christmas?”
“Jessica,” said Margo tightly before Jack could respond, “that weirdo who gave all his money to Daddy is not Santa Claus.  He’s just some lunatic who’s trying to set a world's record for being the first person to sue an entire town.”
“What’s a lunatic?” asked Jessica.
“It’s something Mommy calls Daddy sometimes when they argue,” said 10-year-old Stephen as he walked into the room.
“Oh,” said Jessica understandingly.
“Now, Stephen,” said Jack. “That’s not very—“
“Take the money back!” interrupted Margo angrily as she picked up the $100.00 bills and tried to stuff them all into Jack’s shirt pocket.  “Take it all back!  I’d rather starve than lose my good name in Afton.”
“But honey—“
“Daddy?” asked Jessica. “Why does Santa want to sue everybody in town?”
“Because he says nobody in town believes in him anymore,” replied Jack.
“He’s right there,” said Stephen.  “Everybody at school knows he’s a fake.”
“That’s not so!” said Jessica, stamping her foot.  “My teacher, Mrs. Plopf, says she still believes in him, even though we all keep telling her he’s not real.”
“There you go!” replied Margo.  “Your fruitcake client was wrong.  There is someone in Afton who still believes in him.”
“Actually, Mom,” said Stephen, “Mrs. Plopf lives in Salt Lake.  She commutes to school everyday.  Anyway, I think you should tell him to bring me more computer games.”
“Do you believe in him then?” asked Jack.
“Heck, no!” said Stephen. “But any way I can get new computer games sounds good to me.”
“Stephen,” said Margo, with a knowing glance at Jack. “What will your friends think—that is, if you still have any friends left—when they find out Daddy is suing them all?  Won't they stop playing with you?”
“No way!” said Stephen.  “They’ll think it’s cool to be sued.  I’ll have more friends than ever!  Hey, Dad, can’t you put me down as a defendant too?”
Margo threw her hands up into the air in exasperation. “Fine!  Go ahead!  Think it’s cool.  Think it’s going to make us rich.  But meanwhile, I’m going to start looking for a new place to live in Salt Lake.”
“Now honey,” said Jack.  “Be reasonable—“
“Say, Dad,” interrupted Stephen. “When you're sued, don’t you have to be given some papers or something by the suer?”
Jack smiled. “The person filing the lawsuit is the plaintiff, not a ‘suer.’
“There’s no difference in this case,” said Margo.
Jack ignored her.  “Anyway, to answer your question, yes, a process server has to serve you with a summons and complaint.”
“Cool!” said Stephen.  “So when are they all going to be served?  I want to be at Charlie’s house when he gets his.”
“Well, actually, I need to go pick them all up from the copy shop and take them over to Bob LeFevre to serve this evening.  He’s the process server here in Afton.  By the way, he and Judge Phillips are the only ones in town who Santa said not to name in the suit besides us.”
“Great!” said Margo.  I’ve got two whole people in town I can still talk to!  Until we move, that is.”  She stormed out of the room.
“Daddy, why is Mommy so upset?” asked Jessica.
“Oh, she just thinks Mr. Noel is not really Santa, and this whole thing is silly.  But we know better, don't we?”
“Sure,” said Jessica, turning to leave the room.  “We know he’s a lunatic just like you.”


Bob LeFevre had a reputation for never getting ruffled.  Indeed, that was why he was such a good process server.  He could look calmly down the barrel of a shotgun while handing over a Summons and Complaint (something that had happened more than once in his career).
So it came as no surprise that when Jack Parsons told Bob about Santa serving everyone in town, Bob acted as if there was nothing at all unusual about it.  Rather, he simply drawled, “You say you want these served today?”
“If possible,” replied Jack.  “But I realize it might be more than a one day job.” 
“Of course, you know that I charge $10.00 per person served, even if they live in the same house.  With 500 people in Afton, that’s $5,000.00.”
“Money is no object,” said Jack, pulling out a wad of $100.00 bills.  “Santa said there was lots more where this came from.”
Still unruffled, Bob took the money without a word.  “I’ll get it done right away,” he said.  Then he looked thoughtful. “This guy who says he’s Santa.  You say he makes deliveries?”
“Yep,” replied Jack. “But only on Christmas Eve, of course.”
“I wonder...” muttered Bob.
“Wonder what?” asked Jack.
Bob rummaged in his briefcase for a moment, then pulled out a legal document.  “I wonder if he would mind delivering this divorce Complaint to Mr. Jenkins.  I’ve been having a hard time reaching him.  He’s never at home.”
Jack took the Complaint.  Would Santa, deliver a divorce Complaint on Christmas Eve? The real Santa would never do such a thing.  But of course Mr. Noel wasn’t the real Santa ...
“I’ll ask him,” Jack said simply.


Mike Bracker was a former football player.  At work, he drove a five ton mining truck at Kennecott Copper Mine.  He weighed 320 pounds.  He never smiled.  The reputation he had in Afton was that if anyone so much as walked in his shadow, their life was in danger.  All three of his sons were following in his footsteps, and were the terror of their respective classes at school.
Mike and his sons were at home that evening watching a game on TV when there was a knock at the door.  Tony, Mike’s 180 pound 14 year old son answered it—and immediately was handed a Summons and Complaint by Bob LeFevre.
“What’s this?” asked Tony gruffly.
“You’re being sued by Santa Claus,” replied Bob blandly.  Tony gave Bob a look that would have wilted a cactus.  Anyone else would have at least been a little nervous, but Bob was unmoved.
“Santa Claus?” Tony repeated incredulously.
“Are your Dad and brothers at home?” Bob replied.  “I’ve got one for them too.”  Tony looked up and down Bob’s slender, 130 pound frame.  “You are going to give one of these to my Dad?” he asked in amazement.
“Of course,” replied Bob calmly.  “Where is he?”
“Where is WHO?” boomed the voice of Mike Bracker as his massive frame appeared in the doorway, his other two sons barely visible behind him.
Completely unruffled, Bob handed a Summons and Complaint to all three of them. 
“What in blazes is this?!” bellowed Mike.
 “It’s a Summons and Complaint,” replied Bob.  “You’re being sued.”
“SUED!!?” yelled Mike so loudly that several dogs three blocks away started barking.  “What idiot is suing me, and who is his idiot lawyer?!”
“The idiot who is suing is Santa Claus,” replied Bob, turning to go.  “He’s suing you because you’ve stopped believing in him.”
Mike started turning a shade of deep purple.  His sons stepped back in alarm, but Bob paid no attention.  Instead, Bob looked in his shoulder bag to see who he had to serve next.  Then he said, “Santa’s lawyer is your neighbor across the street, Jack Parsons.”  With this, Bob calmly crossed the lawn to the next house.
Steam literally rose from the balding, purplish head of Mike Bracker as he glared across the street, his eyes bulging with so much anger it looked like he would pop a blood vessel.  He clenched and unclenched his mighty fists.  What he said next consisted of only three words, but was spoken so loudly that several nearby windows broke and not a single soul in town failed to hear him.  In pure, venomous rage, Mike bellowed, “I’LL KILL HIM!”


Although perhaps not quite as dramatic (or loud), a similar scene occurred all across Afton that December evening as Bob LeFevre emptied his pack of Summonses and Complaints.  Reactions of the townspeople ranged from hysterical laughter to barely controlled rage.  Soon telephone lines were buzzing, neighbors were talking, and temperatures were rising.  And most of all, the name of Jack Parsons, who had never drawn any notice in town before, was on everyone’s lips.
“Can you believe the nerve of that weasel?” Milicent Bartholomew asked her neighbor Margaret Sluft.  “Having us all served with a Complaint because of some crackpot claiming to be Santa Claus!  I heard Mike Bracker is planning to desecrate him!”
“Hmph!” sniffed Mrs. Sluft.  “Mike Bracker is a pussycat compared to my divorce lawyer.  He had my ex-husband and his lawyer in tears at our last deposition.”  She smiled maliciously.  “I’m going to have him tear Jack Parsons limb from limb.  By the time this is over that young man will have not only lost his good name—assuming he ever had one—but also his peace of mind and his license to practice law.”  Her cruel laugh made Milicent’s spine tingle. 
Through clenched teeth Mrs. Sluft said, “I’ll make him regret having added me to his Christmas lawsuit list!”


Margo Parsons walked from the kitchen into the bedroom after having answered the phone for the 100th time that night.  Grumpily she banged a plate containing a single, stale piece of bread on top of the dresser.
“Here’s your dinner,” she said roughly, even though there was no one visible in the room.  “That was the bank president on the phone.  He said tomorrow they’re going to start foreclosure proceedings because we’re late on our house payment.  Honestly, did you have to include him among the people you had served?  Until now he’s been ignoring our late payments.”  She sat down angrily on the bed.
A tremulous voice came suddenly from underneath the bed.  “He’s not related to Mike Bracker, is he?”
“Unfortunately not,” Margo replied angrily.
“So did you tell him that it’s not worth foreclosing because Flip Garzo is going to rip out all our appliances tomorrow due to nonpayment?  Or that Dustin Floor Coverings is going to repossess all the carpets?”
“No, I didn’t,” Margo said flatly.  “Nor did I mention that Joe Flootie intends to uproot and repossess every blade of grass we haven’t paid for.  Honey, couldn’t you have seen that this was going to happen?  Why on earth did you take that freak’s case?”
A head popped out from under the bedskirt.  “Because he gave me a $10,000 retainer. Tomorrow I can pay enough to keep all those guys happy, and then they can’t do a thing to us.”
“Really?” Margo replied sarcastically.  “You think you can waltz right into Joe Flootie’s shop and pay him $500, and then he’s going to be all smiles?  He is related to Mike Bracker, you know.”
Jack’s head instantly disappeared back under the bed.  “We don’t need grass,” he said.  “Natural desert landscape will look just fine in our front yard.”
“But, honey, that’s not the point!” yelled Margo.  “The point is that you’ve done something to these people that’s unforgivable!  These are our neighbors and friends—or at least they used to be!  You’ll never be able to show your face in this town again, unless you give up the case and renounce Santa Claus.” 
The head popped out form under the bed again.  “I can’t do that!” exclaimed Jack.  “I have a solemn duty to vigorously pursue the claims of my client, even if he is an idiot!”
“That’s not what you said last week when Fred Meacham tried to avoid paying for the divorce you did for him.”
“That’s different,” said Jack uncomfortably.  “Anyway, Fred paid, didn’t he?”
“His check bounced,” replied Margo.
“But Mr. Noel paid me in cash!” cried Jack.  “I can’t go back on him now.  He’s the only client I’ve had who ever believed in me!”
“You mean, paid you,” corrected Margo.  There was a moment of uncomfortable silence.  Then, in the first display of tenderness she had shown that night, Margo knelt down and took Jack’s head in her hands.  “Honey, give it up!  Charge Noel for the time you’ve put in and give him the rest of his money back.  Maybe people in town will be willing to put this behind them if you do!”
 Jack pursed his lips and looked thoughtfully up at his wife.  Then Margo said, with pleading in her voice, “Please, Jack!  Do it for me!  For the kids.  For you!  It’s not to late!”
There was a long silence.  Finally Jack said, “Maybe you’re right about Mr. Noel just paying me, but not believing in me.  And maybe you’re right that people in town would overlook all this if I gave it up.  But, honey, when someone comes to me, whether they believe in me or not, it’s my duty to believe in them—even if I personally think they’re nuts.  Everyone who hires an attorney needs to know that his attorney believes in his case, and that he’ll do a good job for him.  Everyone has a right to competent, aggressive counsel.  That’s the way our legal system works.  And whether you like it or not, I’m part of that system.  And because of that, I can’t go back on Mr. Noel now.”
Margo gazed down at her husband for a moment.  Then she suddenly dropped his head with a loud thump and stood up.  “You’re absolutely hopeless,” she said in exasperation.  “How can you spout on about some lofty principle of justice at a time like this when all you really care about is the money?”
Suddenly the phone rang.  With a look of resignation, Margo headed for the door.  “It’s probably the mayor this time, to tell us we’re in violation of some town ordinance. He’s Mike Bracker's brother-in-law, you know.”
Jack’s head disappeared back under the bed.  “Tell him I’m indisposed.  Until after the case is over.”
Shaking her head in disgust, Margo stormed out of the room, grabbing the plate with the stale bread on her way.  “The neighbor's dog deserves it more than he does,” she muttered to herself as she slammed the door behind her.

CHAPTER THREE

It was 3:00 o’clock in the morning.  An uneasy peace had finally come to Afton.  Although the anger boiling in everyone’s heart against Jack Parsons and Mr. Noel had kept many of them awake long past midnight, most had finally dozed off into a troubled, fitful sleep.
All except one person.  Jack Parsons lay on the couch in the living room, shivering under the tablecloth that was his only covering.  Not only had his wife locked the door to the bedroom before she retired, but she had hidden every sheet and blanket in the house so her husband would be sure to have a miserable night.  All he had been able to find to fend off the December cold was the tablecloth.
“This is ridiculous!” Muttered Jack under his breath.  “She should be thanking me!  I’ve finally got a client that actually pays!  But, no!  Instead she serves me stale bread for dinner, intentionally wrinkles all of my pressed, white shirts, and makes me sleep out here but hides all the blankets!”
Grumpily, Jack got up and stumbled across the darkened room to the front window.  Mike Bracker’s house across the street was finally dark.  There had been a light on over there until half past two.  Jack had no doubts that Mike planned to stroll over the next morning as Jack was pulling out his car to go to work, just to “chat.”  A chat that would undoubtedly put Jack in the hospital.  He had obviously been planning just how to desecrate Jack until the wee hours of the morning.
Jack suddenly smiled grimly, an idea forming in his mind.  “Mr. Bracker,” he said softly, “I’m not going to give you the chance.  My car heater is warmer than it is in here with this lousy tablecloth.  I’m going to work now!”
Resolutely, Jack turned and strode across the room—and suddenly went flying.  He had stepped on his daughter’s barrel of monkeys which rolled out from under him, sending him catapulting through the air.  He landed with a crash next to the lamp table, with his leg sticking right up through the lamp shade.
Jack groaned angrily.  He was tired of people making a monkey out of him!  Now that he had a client that paid, and he had actual cash in his wallet, he was his own man!  He heaved himself to his feet—then suddenly saw stars as the lamp holder smacked him in the forehead.
And across the street, Mike Bracker smiled grimly in his sleep.  Whether he was dreaming of Jack’s misfortune in his living room, or what he planned to do to Jack the next day will never be known.


Traffic in Salt Lake City at 3:30 a.m. was light.  Jack grinned happily.  What a perfect plan.  No one had seen him leave, and no one would be able to desecrate him before he left Afton.  He was now only a few blocks from his office, for which he had an after-hours key.  Best of all, the car heater made the car nice and toasty warm, so he could finally work the frostbite out of his toes.  Everything was going great.
And then he saw the classic blue and red flashing lights in his rearview mirror.  A policeman had appeared out of nowhere, and was flashing his lights at him!
Jack quickly pulled over and sat fuming in his car.  The officer took his time getting out of his own car, and slowly coming up to the window.  Cops were supposed to stop lawbreakers, not innocent people on their way to work!  This was unfair!
“License please,” said the policeman after Jack rolled down his window.  Grumpily Jack fished the license out of his wallet and handed it to the officer.  “Look, officer,” he said with as much restraint in his voice as he could muster, “I’m just on my way in to work.  Is there some reason you stopped me?”
“Just a routine stop,” said the officer offhandedly.  “We don’t get many people out at this hour, unless they’re doing something they’re not supposed to.  The way you whipped around that corner back there without even slowing down looked a bit suspicious.”
“Well, I’m not doing anything wrong!” said Jack hotly.  “Like I said, I was just on my way to work—“
“Are you really Jack Parsons?” said the officer suddenly, his face coming alive.  He was staring at Jack’s driver’s license as if it had suddenly spoken to him.
“Yes,” said Jack with mounting apprehension.  How had this officer known him?  He’d never had any dealings with the Salt Lake police!
“Wow!” exclaimed the officer excitedly.  “Wait ‘till I tell my wife that I actually pulled you over!”  He suddenly started to laugh uncontrollably, for no apparent reason that Jack could tell.
“What’s so funny?” asked Jack uncomfortably.  He knew the picture on his driver’s license looked bad, but he hadn’t thought it looked that bad.
“Oh, nothing!” said the officer as he giggled uncontrollably.  He handed Jack’s license back.  “You’re free to go.  It’s obvious you haven’t been involved in any crime.”
“What do you mean by that?” asked Jack, not sure if he should be grateful or resentful of the fact that the officer thought him incapable of criminal activity.
“Just that anybody who would think some old coot was really Santa Claus, and then sue a whole town—“  The officer started to laugh so hard he had to steady himself on Jack’s rearview mirror.
“Where did you hear about that?” asked Jack in mounting horror.  How could this nutso officer know about the complaints that had been served in Afton only hours ago?
“The ten o’clock TV news,” said the officer, still shaking so hard from laughter that his gun nearly fell out of its holster.
“The ten o’clock news!” cried Jack in dismay.  He hadn’t heard of it!  Of course, he’d spent the entire night under the bed—until Margo locked him out of the bedroom, that is. 
“It was a special story,” said the officer, trying in vain to control his hysterics.  “They told all about some loony attorney in Afton actually suing an entire town, claiming he got Santa Claus as a client.  It was a riot!  Most entertaining news I’ve heard in years!”
Jack’s head was swimming.  The news!  How had they known?  But then again, the phone at home hadn’t stopped ringing all evening.  With news of what was happening flying around town like wildfire, was it any wonder it had reached down to Salt Lake and the television networks?
“Thank you, officer,” said Jack, starting to roll up his window hastily.  “I’ll be heading off now.”
“Sure thing,” guffawed the officer, finally letting go of Jack’s rearview mirror, and swaying dangerously on his feet.  There was no way he could have passed a sobriety test.  “Say hello to Santa for me!  Tell him I want gold plated handcuffs for Christmas!”
Jack quickly pulled away and drove straight for the nearest corner, so he could turn and lose the officer from his rearview vision.  The fellow was still standing there laughing his head off, waving to Jack.  What kinds of officers were they accepting in the police department these days, anyway?
The news!  He had made the ten o’clock news!  What had they said about him?  According to the officer, it was a riot.  He wished he could have seen the report.  What on earth had it said?  
Then again, maybe it was a good thing he hadn’t seen it.  Not if what the officer said about its entertainment value was true.
Seeing a newspaper stand, Jack hastily pulled over.  If it was on the TV news, it must be in the papers.  Quickly he jumped out of his car, jammed some quarters in the machine and yanked out a paper.  One look at the headlines was enough.  “SANTA SUES ENTIRE TOWN!” was blazed across the front of the paper, right below the masthead.  A subtitle screamed, “INEXPERIENCED ATTORNEY ACTUALLY TAKES CASE AND HAS EVERYONE IN AFTON SERVED!”
Jack chaffed at the headline.  Inexperienced indeed!  He had passed the bar exam more than a year ago!  And what were they trying to imply by saying that he ‘actually’ took the case?  Wouldn’t any attorney have taken it, if offered a $10,000 retainer?
Apparently not.  Jack only had to read two paragraphs into the article to discover a quote from the managing partner of his old firm.  Apparently, the press had lost no time in finding out all of Jack’s prior history, and then approached anyone who knew him for an interview.  
The managing partner had reluctantly admitted that Jack used to work at his firm, but said Jack’s mental instability had not been fully revealed to them at that time, and they were glad Jack had left the firm.  Then he had said that any attorney who would take a guy claiming to be Santa Claus as a client probably needed help from the State Bar’s service of ‘Lawyers helping Lawyers.’
Mental instability!  The same partner had once told him his work was top notch!  Glad that he had left the firm!?  They had offered a pay increase if he would stay—an increase he had regretted not accepting 1,000 times since then.
Angrily, Jack stuffed the newspaper into his jacket and got back in his car.  The news were portraying him as some kind of crackpot with a mental problem!  How dare they!  He’d show them!  After Santa won his suit, then they’d sing a different tune!
Suddenly Jack paused, reflecting.  After Santa won his suit?  How could anyone win a suit claiming to be Santa Claus?  All he was likely to win was a free ticket to the closest asylum.  And Jack was his attorney!  
Maybe he hadn’t thought enough about the merits of the case before he took the $10,000 retainer.
Slowly, Jack swung back onto the street and headed for his office.  If he’d thought Margo was angry before, that was nothing compared with what she’d say when she found out about the news reports!  
And what about his children?  What would the other kids at school say to them, with the news going on at length about their crackpot dad?
Angrily, Jack gunned the car, then came to a screeching halt in his regular parking spot.  Well, what was he supposed to do, anyway?!  So Mr. Noel was a looney?!  So what?!  Jack’s family was starving and on the verge of eviction!  Was he supposed to turn away a $10,000 retainer, even if it caused a bit of negative publicity?  
And besides, everyone deserved an attorney, even if they were obviously insane like Mr. Noel.  It was his duty as an attorney to be open minded, and take the case.  How dare they malign him for just doing his job!
As Jack exited the car, two growling mongrels appeared out of nowhere and approached him, their lips snarling.  They were obviously two of the curs that gave Mongrel Lane its reputation.  Normally Jack would have been petrified at the very sight of them.
But not this morning.  Maybe it was the threat of desecration from Mike Bracker, or having to spend the night with a tablecloth as a blanket.  Maybe it was the laughing police officer or the newspaper report.  Whatever it was, Jack felt a sudden surge of angry courage that had rarely coursed through his wimpy, blue veins.
“Get out of the way, you mangy curs!” he screamed, aiming a vicious kick at the nearest dog.  The mongrels were so startled at this unexpected attack that they retreated, wimpering, to a safe distance.  This was unheard of!  THEY were the only ones who were supposed to attack on Mongrel Lane!  
Muttering angrily under his breath, Jack held his briefcase in a death grip and paced toward his office.  Nobody else better get in his way this morning, or they’d get it too!  He was tired of everyone’s threats and accusations.  He was just doing his job.  And by golly, he was going to keep on doing it too!  And nothing and nobody was going to stop him!
But even Jack’s newfound resolve wasn’t enough for what he found in the front of his office building.  As he approached, he was surprised to see a large group of people huddled over a makeshift heater plugged into the wall of the building.  Some were passing around steaming mugs of hot chocolate or coffee, while others were beating their hands together vigorously, trying to keep their fingers from freezing in the December cold.  Was there a party going on, or something?  At this hour?
“There he is!” someone suddenly cried, pointing excitedly in Jack’s direction.  Confused, Jack looked around behind him to see who they might be pointing at.  But there was no one there.
And then came the shocking realization.  They were pointing at HIM!
Before Jack had time to think, he found himself swarmed by dozens of reporters.  “Mr. Parsons, is it true that Santa Claus promised you a SWAT team of elves as a guard if people threatened to hurt you?”
“Mr. Parsons, do you think the supreme court will rule that you are sane enough to keep practicing law when they meet later today?”
“Mr. Parsons, is it true that after his meeting with you yesterday, Mr. Noel jumped out your 6th floor window onto a reindeer and flew away to the north?”
“Mr. Parsons, did you know that local coal companies are going to sue you and Mr. Noel for ruining their reputation that coal is the worst thing Santa could give someone for Christmas?”
Jack just stared dumfounded at the sea of screaming faces in front of him.  This couldn’t be happening!  He was nearly blinded by a barrage of flash bulbs, and nearly deafened by the endless questions being thrown at him without mercy.  And through it all, he simply stared, speechless.
At odd moments such as this, the mind sometimes works in strange ways.  In a dark recess of Jack’s mind, a little voice spoke out with sudden clarity, as if it were oblivious to what was happening in front of him.
‘Odd, isn’t it?’ said the voice.  ‘Yesterday the world didn’t care if you lived or died.  You were a nobody.  Today, they can’t get enough of you.  Maybe it’s not so bad to be considered a lunatic.’
Jack shook his head as if to clear it from a fog.  Suddenly looking up through the crowd of swarming reporters, he was surprised to see the building receptionist standing at a side door of the building, gesturing to him frantically.  What was she doing here at this hour?  And why did she want him to come over to that door?
And then Jack understood.  She was trying to help him!  And there was no time to lose!
Jack ducked his head, and plowed through the field of reporters and cameramen as if they were so many bowling pins.  He would have gotten a strike too, if he’d cared to look behind him.
He made it to the door, and the receptionist let him in, then slammed the door shut behind them, locking it fast.  “Oh, thank heavens!” cried Jack, running a shaking hand through his mussed hair.  “I had no idea this was going to happen!  Thank you SO MUCH for helping me get in here!”
The receptionist just smiled at him, then beckoned for him to follow.  Smiling in relief, Jack did so, going down the hall, past the custodial closet, across the walkway behind the elevators, around the corner and through the door into the main building lobby—
—where he suddenly found himself faced with an even bigger group of reporters than the horde outside!  
Jack looked in horror at the smiling receptionist as she gleefully received a thick wad of green bills from a reporter.  She had obviously done her duty well.
“Mr. Parsons, are you aware that the FAA has grounded Santa and his reindeer since he doesn’t have a pilot’s license?”
“Mr. Parsons, do you consider yourself sane enough to handle Santa’s case, considering you were crazy enough to take it in the first place?”
“Mr. Parsons, isn’t it true that the man you met yesterday claiming to be Santa Claus didn’t have a belly like a bowl full of jolly, and never once said ‘Ho! Ho! Ho!?’”
“Mr. Parsons, do you intend to keep pursuing this case from your hospital bed after the people in Afton finish doing to you what they have threatened to do?”
Jack put his head in his hands and groaned.  Today was not getting off to a good start.  
And it was still only 4:00 a.m.!


Five endless hours had passed, and it was now 9:00 in the morning.  Jack Parsons sat slumped in his office chair, his eyes glazed, staring at a fly grooming itself on his wall.  Six floors below him members of the press were waiting like vultures for him to come out, so they could plaster him with hundreds more questions, and taken dozens more pictures of his gawking face, to spread all over the newspapers and TV.
The phone rang.  For the 1000th time that morning.  Jack ignored it.
He had had no idea.  He simply had not known what kind of stir would happen when he took Mr. Noel’s case yesterday.  All he could see then was a mountain of bills piling up on his desk.  All he could see now was disbarment, ridicule and constant questions about his sanity.  Even the janitor had offered to share his prescription medication which he said was intended to ‘stabilize the mind, when a person is a bit off,’ as he put it.
The phone kept ringing.  Jack continued to ignore it.  Slowly he dragged  himself to his feet and went over to look out the window.  Members of the press were on the street, in a big, blotchy mob.  He even noticed several cameramen with their lenses trained at his window.
Quickly he stepped back into his office.  No need to give them more pictures to peddle.  Turning, he looked at his computer screen.  He had performed an internet search with his name, “Jack Parsons.”  Only last week he had done a similar search and found only two results—a list of his high school graduating class, and a list of recent parking meter violators.  Today there were over 10,000 hits.  On the screen was a picture of Jack taken that morning, his face showing shocked surprise, his eyebrows raised in horror—caught perfectly by a camera man who was no doubt smiling at the bonus he had received for taking it.
A sudden voice came over the speaker on his phone.  “Jack?  Are you there?”
It was the receptionist!  
Jack angrily pushed the button on his phone.  “I’m not talking to you!” he growled, even though that was obviously exactly what he was doing. 
“I’m sorry, Jack,” she weedled.  “But you have NO IDEA how much money they offered me!”
“I’m still not talking to you!” Jack repeated dumbly.  After all, money wasn’t everything.  Unless it was a $10,000 retainer being offered by a guy claiming to be Santa Claus.
“You’d better take this call, Jack,” said the receptionist.  “It’s not a reporter.  It’s an attorney who says he represents a Mrs. Sluft in Afton.  He wants to set a deposition for this Saturday!”
Startled, Jack didn’t know what to say.  He had been so sidetracked with reporters, he had forgotten there were still 500 angry residents of Afton to contend with.
He reached for the phone—then stopped.
“How do I know you’re telling the truth?” he queried.  “Maybe they offered you another wad of money to get through to me on the phone!”
“I promise, that’s not the case,” said the receptionist, in an embarrassed tone.  “Besides, their offers to get through to you on the phone were all too low.”
“That’s comforting,” said Jack angrily as he picked up the phone.  He pressed the blinking number 1, and said, “Hello?”
“Is this Jack Parsons?” asked a smooth voice on the other end.  It sounded cool and calm, trained and precise—and also a bit deadly.
“Yes, that’s me,” said Jack rather nervously.
“My name is Will C. Pane, and I represent a Mrs. Dorothea Sluft, a resident of Afton.  I’m calling in regard to a certain complaint you prepared, which was served on my client yesterday.”
“Yes?” said Jack, trying to keep his voice from shaking.
“I wonder if your client would consent to a special deposition, this Saturday?” said the smooth, deadly voice.  “In the town hall of Afton, which should be large enough for everyone in town to attend.”
“Well, I don’t know …” stammered Jack.  Saturday was only 2 days away!  And this nut wanted him and Mr. Noel to face the whole angry town of Afton at once, since obviously everyone would come!
“I know it’s highly irregular to schedule depositions so early in a case, before Answers to your Complaint have even been filed.  But considering the circumstances, I thought it might be a good idea,” Pane said smoothly.  “After all, a quick deposition will probably save the unfortunate residents of Afton thousands in attorney fees, since it will quickly expose you and your client for the lunatics you obviously are.  Perhaps then, you will withdraw your case.”
Jack’s face flushed.  “Now, see here—“ he began.
“Oh, don’t take it personally,” said the smooth voice, completely unruffled—and still completely in control.  “After all, if you want to drag this out and force everyone to file an Answer, and go through months of discovery in this case before your client is exposed as a fake and you look like a fool, that’s fine with me.  It’s your call.”
Jack was about to give an angry retort when he noticed that something on his computer screen was flashing.  It was an alert email message!  He hadn’t known his computer would even give such a message.
The message was from Mr. Noel!  It said simply, “I understand that Mrs. Sluft’s attorney wants to set a deposition for this Saturday at town hall.  PLEASE ACCEPT!  That is exactly what I want—quick exposure to the citizens of Afton!”
Jack swallowed in surprise.  How on earth had Mr. Noel known about the proposed deposition?  He had just found out himself a few seconds ago!
“Well?” came Pane’s smooth voice over the phone.  It sounded almost as if he were yawning—as if he hoped Jack would respond with anger, deny the proposed deposition and insist on strict compliance with the rules, which would drag the case out for months (which is exactly what Jack had been planning to say, before he saw Mr. Noel’s email).
“O.k., sure,” said Jack, a bit hotly.  “My client and I would be glad to meet you in a deposition this Saturday.”
“Really?” said Pane, an obvious trace of surprise in his usually controlled voice.  “With everybody in Afton there to ask questions?  While they’re still angry over being served with your silly complaint?”
“Sure,” said Jack flippantly.  “Why not?  It’ll give my client a chance to prove his case.  What time do you want to start?”
There was a pause at the other end.  “How about 10:00 o’clock?” said Pane at last. Then he chuckled in a cruel, humorless voice.  “Please make sure your client brings all documents in his possession that show he is truly Santa Claus.  Things like a drivers license, passport, birth certificate—if the north pole issues such things! ”
Jack’s computer screen was blinking again.  A new message said, “Assure Mr. Pane that I will bring all identifying documents in my possession.”
Now, how on earth had Mr. Noel known about that?
“Cat got your tongue?” said Pane in a snide voice.  “Didn’t expect a request for documents, did you?”
“My client will be there,” retorted Jack hotly.  “With his documents.”  But in the back of his mind, a little voice screamed, ‘who in the north pole would issue a driver’s license to operate a sleigh of flying reindeer?’
“Of course you realize,” Pane continued smoothly, “that if you or your client fail to show up, it will not go well for you.”
“Of course we’ll show up!” yelled Jack.  “Why wouldn’t we?  We’ve got nothing to hide!”
“Hmmm …” murmurred Pane on the other end of the line.  “I hope you don’t mind that I’ve recorded this conversation.  It gives certain … shall we say ‘insights’ into your mental condition.  For the Supreme Court to consider, that is.”
A chill passed through Jack’s heart.  “What do you mean?” he asked icily, with more bravado than he felt.
“It is my sad duty to inform you,” said Pane with undisguised glee in his voice that showed he wasn’t sad at all, “that a number of my colleagues and I have submitted an opinion to the Supreme Court that you are unfit to practice law.  They’re the ones who handle disbarments, you know.”
“Why would I be worried about that?” said Jack in a shrill voice that betrayed his terror.  To be judged incompetent to practice by the Supreme Court would be akin to a death sentence.  He might as well move away from the state as Margo had suggested, and take whatever fast food server job he was lucky enough to find.  
“No reason in particular,” said Pane offhandedly.  “The Supreme Court will be considering the matter later today.  I might just submit our taped conversation with a supplemental brief …”
“Go ahead!” yelled Jack, losing control of his senses.  “I’m not afraid of what they decide!”
Pane chuckled, with a sound like gravel being scraped across a chalkboard.  “You will be!” he said mildly.  “Oh, and one more thing,” he added before Jack could say anything else to dig his grave deeper, “I’d arrange a police escort to the deposition for you and your client on Saturday if I were you.  With as many protecting policeman as you can get.  That is, if you hope to arrive in one piece.”
“Is that a threat?!” Jack said in a garbled voice.  
Mr. Pane sounded hurt.  “Of course not.  It’s merely an observation of the current state of mind of the residents of Afton.  Many of them have already made comments about the low value of your life …”  There was a click on the other end, and the line went dead.
Jack just stared at the phone for a minute.  Tendrils of terror stretched like icy fingers across his brain.  He had just agreed to face an entire angry town in two days!  With no one but his lunatic client at his side!  Even his wife and kids would be there—in the opposition camp, of course.  
He had always wanted to visit Mexico.  Maybe now wouldn’t be a bad time …
A sudden blinking from the computer screen caught the corner of his eye.  It was yet another alert email message from Mr. Noel.  “Well done!” it said simply.  “I’ll see you at the town hall in Afton Saturday morning at 10:00.  I’ll arrange my own transportation, since I’ll be flying down from the north.”
Now how had he known that the deposition had been set?  Jack looked around at his ceiling and walls furtively.  Had Mr. Noel somehow bugged his office?  Or maybe his telephone line?
On a sudden impulse, Jack sat down and typed an email to Mr. Noel on the computer.  “What documents proving your identity do you have?” he asked bluntly.
Jack stared at the screen for a moment, waiting with growing anxiety for Mr. Noel’s reply.  He was not disappointed.  “None,” said Mr. Noel’s responsive email.  “There is no government up here at the north pole to give out drivers licenses, birth certificates and passports.  Besides, when I was born over 500 years ago, there were no such documents!”
Jack just stared at the screen for a moment.  Then he collapsed in his chair and buried his face in his hands.

CHAPTER FOUR

It was dark.  Reporters assigned to cover the Jack Parsons case were still stamping their feet and beating their hands outside his building in an effort to keep from freezing in the chill December cold.  They could see the light on in Jack’s fifth floor office, even though his building had long since closed its doors.  Obviously Jack was still up there working, hoping they would go away.  But such a suggestion only made them smile grimly.  They were prepared to stay all night to corner him if necessary, when he came out.  They had 1,000 new questions they wanted to ask him.
But even reporters can be fooled sometimes.  And as Jack jogged the half mile to his waiting car on mongrel lane, he chuckled at how he had done it to them.
Not that it had been easy or without a price.  First, he’d had to pay $100 to the custodian (the same guy who tried to sell him some lunatic medication) for a pair of custodial overalls, so he wouldn’t be noticed by the reporters staked out in the halls.  Then he’d stuffed his suit in a trash bag and sauntered nonchalantly down the halls to the elevator which he took up to the 10th floor.  From there he went to the back of the building and climbed out the back window.  He could see reporters far below him in the alley by his building’s back door.  They were waiting for him just in case he tried to come out that way or climb down his building’s back fire escape.  But such was not his plan. 
There was a thin wooden plank that stretched for 15 feet across the open air from his building to the next office building on the block.  All he had to do was cross it, and he could then go down that building’s elevator unobserved.
Of course the fact that the plank was 10 stories up was a bit daunting.  And the way it swayed unsteadily under his feet didn’t help.  About halfway across, he started to feel a bit woozy.  He dropped to his knees, causing the plank to bounce up and down dangerously.  Nearly dropping his trash bag, Jack lay all the way down on the plank, hugging it tightly.  With each bounce of the plank, his stomach bounced even more.  But finally it stopped swaying (somewhat), and he inched his way slowly across.  Fortunately, none of the reporters in the alley below bothered to look up, or they’d have seen his painstaking progress across the plank
After that it had been easy.  He fairly chortled in triumph as he rode the elevator calmly down to the first floor.  He had fooled them all!  If he was really the lunatic they were all calling him, could he have done that?  Only someone with some brains could have dodged all those reporters!
Jack stopped in mid chortle.  Two of his fellow travelers on the elevator were having a good laugh.  And it was about him!
“Can you believe it?” a short, bald guy was saying.  “He actually had his entire town served with complaints, saying his client was Santa Claus!”
“The Supreme Court are going to issue a statement any minute now about whether he’s disbarred,” sniggered a tall woman.  She had one of those wind-blown hair hairdos that costs about $200, but which looked like she had just stepped outside during a tornado.
“I know,” said the bald dude.  “I’m going to rush right home and see if I can catch a special report of it on the news!”
The elevator reached the bottom floor, and the passengers darted out into the foyer.  Frowning, Jack put as much distance as possible between the two gossipers and himself.  How dare they talk about him as if he were a common moron?  
But Jack’s temper eased once he got outside.  Seeing the large gathering of reporters, all of whom seemed to be staring up at his window, he felt a surge of grim satisfaction.  There’d be no statement from him on tonight’s news!  And they could stand there and kink their necks looking up at his empty office all night for all he cared!
After putting a safe distance between himself and the vulture reporters, Jack palmed his cell phone and dialed his home number.  Margo would tell him whether it was safe for him to come home.  Good old Margo.  She may complain, but she always came through for him.  She was a trooper.
But not this time.  A new voice recording came over the line after two rings.  It was Margo’s voice.  She had obviously recorded it that very day, to replace the old ‘sorry, we’re not home’ recording Jack had previously had on his phone.
“This is the Parson residence,” said Margo’s voice, rather sharply.  “If you’re a reporter wanting to talk to my husband, forget it.  He’s not here.  If he was, you’d be able to hear me yelling at him.  If you’re a citizen of Afton calling to complain about the stupid complaint my husband prepared for that lunatic Mr. Noel—like I said, Jack isn’t here.  From the threats I’ve heard from many of you already, it’s lucky for him that he’s not.”
But the message didn’t end there.  Margo’s voice took on an even sharper tone, as she then said, “and if the person calling is my husband Jack—and I know you’re going to call Jack—let me just say that NO, I AM NOT A TROOPER, I WILL NOT COME THROUGH FOR YOU AND WARN YOU OF WHAT NEIGHBORS TO AVOID IF YOU ATTEMPT TO COME HOME!  AND IF YOU DO TRY TO COME HOME TONIGHT, AND SOMEHOW GET PAST THE NEIGHBORS WHO ARE LYING IN WAIT FOR YOU, THEN ALL I CAN SAY IS WATCH OUT!!”
The phone went dead.  Jack just stared at it dumbly.  When he finally looked up, he saw a fellow in a suit, smiling at him.  Apparently the last part of Margo’s message had been so loud that everyone near him on the sidewalk had heard it.
“Last time I got a message like that from my wife, I had to spend a week in a motel,” said the smiling man.  Then he turned and walked away.  There were a few sniggers from others on the sidewalk.  His face turning scarlet, Jack quickly pocketed the cell phone and walked briskly in the direction of his car.
So, that’s the way she wanted to play the game, eh?  Here he was slaving away to provide her with the necessities of life, and she had to get all bothered and upset just because everyone in town suddenly hated his guts and all the reporters in the state were calling him a looney.  Honestly!  She obviously had to get a thicker skin about her!
It took Jack almost three hours to find a motel to stay at, where he wasn’t recognized the minute he approached the desk.  Apparently, his need for motel accommodation must have been anticipated by every motel clerk in town.  Several didn’t even bother to say a word when they saw him coming – they just quickly dialed their phone and cried, “HE’S HERE!  AT MY MOTEL!  HURRY ON OVER!”  Jack would quickly dart out the door, leaving a disappointed desk clerk and even more disappointed reporters when they showed up minutes later to find that he was gone.  
Finally, Jack headed to the seedy part of town.  This was a place to definitely stay away from, especially at night.  But Jack was desperate.  He had to stay somewhere!  After driving past dozens of homes with broken windows and their walls covered with graffiti, he spotted what he was looking for—an ancient neon motel sign, half falling off what looked like the most disgusting motel Jack had ever seen.  It was called ‘The Palace,’ and proclaimed itself to be the cleanest, highest quality motel in town.  This was, of course, directly opposite to the truth.
As Jack opened the door and approached the sagging desk, he was gratified to see that the bearded and tattooed clerk took no special notice of him.  “How much for a room?” asked Jack casually.  “For one person.”
“Fifty bucks,” drawled the clerk.  Knowing that anyone coming all the way into his desk would probably not turn away, the clerk handed Jack a greasy form to fill out.  “Here,” he grunted.  “It’ll be room 3, by the back.”
Jack quickly filled out the card, ignoring the roaches that occasionally darted across the desk.  $50 was far too high for this dump, but he was desperate.  He pulled out some money and handed it to the clerk.
Only then did the clerk’s eyes take on a glint that Jack recognized only too well.  “Ain’t you that Parsons fellow?” he said in a voice like gravel.  “The looney that’s been on the news nonstop ever since he was stupid enough to sue a whole town?”  
Jack snatched back his $50, and turned to go.
“Wait!” cried the clerk.  “I won’t tell a soul you’re here—if you give me a little something.”
Jack turned slowly and stared at the clerk with blazing eyes.  “What do you want?” he asked icily.
“A hundred extra bucks per night,” said the clerk smugly.  He hitched up his faded suspenders in pride, sure Jack would take him up on the offer.
“And what makes you think I would pay such a ridiculous price?” yelled Jack.
The clerk tweedled his thumbs between the belt loops of his britches, a confident smirk on his face.  “Where else can you go?” he asked simply.
Jack had no answer to that.  After mumbling some incoherent profanity, Jack snapped, “And how do I know you’ll keep your promise?”
Without hesitation, the clerk pulled out a crumpled piece of paper, quickly wrote something on it, and tossed it at Jack.  “Here’s the title to my motel.  It’s all yours if I don’t keep my word.”
Jack stared at the paper.  It was indeed the title to the motel.  At the bottom the clerk had written in barely readable cursive, ‘I hereby deed this dump to Jack Parsons if I tell anybody he’s staying here.’  
Jack looked sharply up at the clerk.  “How do I know this place is worth as much as I’ll be paying you per night?” he asked simply
“You don’t,” said the clerk smugly.  “That’s a chance you’ll have to take.”
Jack looked around at the cracked, moldy walls, sagging floors and electric wires protruding dangerously from the walls.  It was a close call …
“O.k. you got yourself a deal,” he said at last, pulling another $100 from his wallet.  The clerk snatched the money from Jack without a word, tossed him a key, and then disappeared into his back room.


To say that Jack’s room was disgusting would be to give it far too much praise.  Around 100 cockroaches scattered the second he opened the door.  The carpet was so moldy it was impossible to tell its original color, and the bed sagged so low in the middle that it looked like an oversized ice cream scoop.  
But beggars couldn’t be choosers.  This was going to be home for the next 2 days, at least, until the deposition.  It was obvious that he couldn’t go home or back to the office, since both places were swarming with reporters.  He had no choice but to stay here in this dump, at the insane price of $150 a day.
Jack tossed his briefcase on the bed, which nearly broke under its weight.  Then he flipped on the TV, which surprisingly worked—although the screen had a lot of fuzz on it.
The news was on.  And it just so happened that a TV reporter was giving a spiel about the crazy attorney from Afton who had so amazingly sued an entire town …
“Thank you, Bob, for that interesting report from Jack Parsons’ office in downtown Salt Lake.  The light in his office is still on, but it appears that Jack has somehow escaped the building.  We have received several reports from motels around the Salt Lake valley that Mr. Parsons is seeking lodging for the night.  Of course, we don’t know why he has chosen to not come home, since Afton is such a peaceful place.  But maybe this has something to do with it …”
The picture suddenly switched to an interview by a reporter of none other than Mike Bracker.  Even though Jack knew it was just a TV image, he stepped back in involuntary fear.  Bracker’s face looked positively purple, and the veins on his neck were sticking so far out they looked like a string of garden hoses.
“Mr. Bracker,” said the nervous reporter, “would you mind telling us your reaction when you first received the summons and complaint from the person claiming to be Santa Claus?”
The purple storm cloud on Bracker’s face intensified.  His mouth opened, but the anger written so plainly on his face was so overwhelming that he couldn’t say a word.  Instead he grabbed the microphone from the shaking reporter and crushed it in his mighty hands.  There was a good deal of popping and static, and when Bracker opened his hands, the former microphone looked like a toothpick.
The picture switched back to the original reporter.  “Thank you John for that enlightening statement by Mr. Bracker.  I hope you can find a new microphone for your next interview.  Meanwhile, I’d like to read part of the statement issued by the Supreme Court today, in response to a request that Jack Parsons should be disbarred due to obvious insanity.”
Jack’s glazed eyes suddenly opened even wider.  Pane had said he had filed something against him, with the Supreme Court.  This was their response!  Had they disbarred him?
As if the reporter had read his mind, he said with a smirk, “No, believe it or not, the Supreme Court did not disbar Jack Parsons.”  The wave of relief that washed over Jack was almost like being hit with a bucket of water.  “However,” continued the reporter, “the court did issue a statement about their decision that is very enlightening.  Listen to this: ‘We deny the request for Mr. Parsons’ immediate disbarment solely on procedural grounds.  Disbarment of a member of the state bar, no matter how far gone the evidence may show that person’s mind to be, must be accomplished according to certain procedures.  Because these procedures were not followed, no disbarment can occur at this time.  In so saying however, we emphasize that we are not in agreement with any of Mr. Parsons’ actions, nor do we vouch for his sanity.  We anticipate reviewing his case again in the near future, once the proper procedures have been followed …”
Jack nearly leaped for joy.  He was saved!  Pane had jumped the gun, hoping that negative publicity would be enough for the court to overlook procedural technicalities.  Thankfully, the court had disagreed.
But in doing so, even the Supreme Court had thrown in its own comments about his sanity!  Jack’s face was twisted in a bizarre mixture of flushed anger and terror.  How dare they say such things about him!  They were supposed to be neutral, and above such low comments.  Yet, they had his entire future in his hands, and they knew it.  Maybe they were trying to send a warning to all attorneys, to avoid obviously insane clients.
The news report cut back into Jack’s thoughts.  “Now let’s switch to Mr. Parsons’ house,” said the reporter with obvious anticipation, “where we will be treated to an interview with some members of his family.”
The picture suddenly changed to Jack’s home.  Jack gaped at the sight of the grass-less lawn and roof without shingles.  The landscaper and roofer had obviously fulfilled their threats to repossess the items Jack had yet failed to pay for.  Then the camera zoomed to the front door, and Jack was startled to see his son Stephen, responding to an inquisitive reporter’s questions.
“Son, just when did you learn of your father’s tendency toward extreme, irrational behavior?” asked the reporter.
“Oh, he’s always been like that,” said Stephen boredly.  “Like all the times we go to the store and he gets shortchanged by a few pennies by mistake, and he makes such a big deal out of it they have to call the store manager.  One time, he even called the police!”
Jack’s face turned white, then red in a flush of anger.  How dare Stephen say such a thing!  He had only complained about being shortchanged a few times.  And that time he called the police was because they had shorted him a whole seventy-six cents!
“Do you expect your father to come home tonight?” asked the reporter.  
“No,” yawned Stephen.  “Even he’s smart enough to stay away.  “Besides, I don’t think he’d make it here alive.”
“And just what does your mother think of all this?” asked the reporter, his mouth fairly dripping saliva at the seedy implications of his question.  “Is she going to stand by her husband, or is she making other plans for her future?”
Before Stephen could answer, an angry voice came from the interior of the house—obviously Margo’s.  “If you’re asking whether I’m considering divorce, the answer is NO!  That would let him off too easy.  I intend to stay with him and give him exactly what he deserves every day for the rest of his no-good, miserable life!”
Quickly, Jack turned off the TV.  He had seen enough.  With a shudder, he stepped across the room toward the bed.  
Good old Margo.  In spite of her angry words, she was obviously still loyal to him.  But how had everything gotten so bad?  Only two days ago he had been unknown and life was normal.  Now he was being paraded as a looney, even by members of his own family!  How could this be?
 Jack sat down dejectedly on the edge of the bed—and then jerked back and disappeared as if he had been swallowed.  The sag in the bed was so severe that it simply seemed to reach up and grab him, and pull him in.
Seeing stars from where he had hit his head—apparently the sag in the bed went all the way down to the hard floor—Jack simply stared up at the moldy ceiling.  “Mr. Noel,” he suddenly groaned.  “Why did you have to come into my life?  And give me all that money—“
It was the thought of the money that did it.  In spite of all his woes, a smile came to Jack’s lips.  Silently he continued to stare at the ceiling, his mind absorbed in all the things that Mr. Noel’s money could buy.  And thus engaged, he drifted off happily to sleep, while the roaches and spiders nestled happily in the wrinkles of his custodial outfit.

CHAPTER FIVE

It was the day of the deposition.  The sun was shining in the cold December sky, the few birds that hadn’t frozen or flown south for the winter were singing in the trees, and hot muffins were being served to happy patrons all across the Salt Lake valley, who snarfed them down while listening to Christmas music.  The world seemed at peace.
But not to Jack Parsons.  When he woke up with a kink in his neck and a few roaches in his hair in his sleezy motel room that morning, his first thought was that it would be a good time to look online for low airfares to Mexico.  After all, it was warmer down there, and there were no depositions to deal with …
Jack’s reverie was interrupted by the jangle of his motel room phone.  “Captain Michaels here,” said the voice at the other end.  “I’ve got your police escort ready, to Afton.”
Jack just grunted.  He had called the Salt Lake Police department yesterday to arrange an escort after watching more news reports from Afton on TV.  The reports had showed fake versions of himself being burned in effigy or hung from flagpoles.  Other images showed his picture being made into a bigger than life-size dartboard at the public school, and there was one interesting report about how a group of school children had made a huge statue of him entirely of garbage.  Pane hadn’t been kidding that a police escort might be a good idea.
“I’ve got seven patrol cars ready to leave,” said Michaels.  “All volunteers.  They all want your autograph while you still have the ability to use a pen.  Then they want to stay at the Afton town hall and watch the proceedings.  To the extent possible, they’ll try and help you get out of the town hall alive once the deposition is over.”
“That’s comforting,” mumbled Jack.  They didn’t have depositions in Mexico, did they?
“Where do you want us to meet you?” Michaels asked suddenly.
“Uhm … well …” stuttered Jack.  His whereabouts were still a highly guarded secret, and was the talk of the valley.  For two days, news reporters had ‘sighted’ him unsuccessfully everywhere from Home Depot to Chuckie’s Chicamauga lodge, but none of the sightings had panned out.  True to his word, the sleezy motel owner had kept his secret (at the ongoing price of $150 a day, of course), and Jack had lived on take-out pizza delivered to his door (he wore a ski mask when paying the pizza man).
“How about the police station?” asked Jack.  Of course, he had no real intention of showing up, but Michaels was waiting for an answer.
“That’s fine, except there are about 200 reporters waiting for you here,” said Michaels.  “The press knows we’re going to give you an escort.  But don’t worry.  I’ve instructed the seven escort officers to leave here randomly so they won’t be followed.  The press tried to follow every police car going out this morning, but after our officers started hitting them with tickets for minor traffic offenses, they stopped.  We can meet you anywhere you’d like.”
Jack thought fast.  He couldn’t have them coming here.  If for some reason he couldn’t make it to Mexico this was likely going to be his new home, and he couldn’t risk a leak.  Even a police officer might talk, if offered enough money.
“How about the parking lot of Walmart on 13th south?” said Jack off the top of his head.  That wasn’t too far away, and shouldn’t draw too much attention.  And it would throw the escort off long enough for him to make his getaway.  
“Right-O,” replied Michaels.  “We’ll be there in half an hour.  Oh, and by the way,” he added almost as an afterthought, “If you’re not there within 10 minutes of our arrival, we’ll trace this phone line and find where you’ve been staying, then put out an APB on your license plate number.”
Jack swallowed hard.  They weren’t going to let him escape!  Was Michaels a mind reader?  How had he known of Jack’s plans about Mexico?
Then he remembered.  There had been a half hour TV talk show yesterday evening, in which all the participants had speculated about where Jack would flee to avoid the deposition.  The general consensus after more than 20 minutes of debate had been Mexico.  Obviously, Michaels had been watching.
Jack frowned in a sudden flush of anger.  So everyone thought he was going to run, did they?!  Well, he wasn’t going to give them the satisfaction!  He was going to that deposition, no matter what the outcome might be!
“I’ll be there—early!” said Jack hotly.  Then he slammed down the phone.
But his anger didn’t last long.  The TV was showing more scenes of Mike Bracker desecrating one of the new ‘Jack Parson’ dolls that had become hot selling items in the last two days.  First he popped the doll’s head off as if opening a bottle of soda.  Then he crushed the torso, and tied up the arms and legs to look like a pretzel.
With shaking hands, Jack sat down in the room’s one and only sagging chair, and began to write out his last will and testament.


The police escort arrived in Afton with sirens blaring.  After reluctantly meeting the officers in the Wal Mart parking lot (and signing autographs for all of them), Jack had been positioned in the middle of their cavalcade.  There were three cars in front with lights flashing, and four behind.  When they reached the outskirts of Afton, they put on their sirens for added dramatic effect.  Even the governor wouldn’t have arrived in Afton with this much fanfare.
As they approached the town hall, Jack stared in amazement.  People were everywhere!  There were TV reporter vans all over, while TV helicopters blazed overhead.  Gaping sightseers clogged the narrow Afton streets.  Today’s deposition had drawn a bigger crowd than any event in Afton’s dull history.
Jack frowned suddenly.  How dare the towns people continue to threaten him so violently?!  His lawsuit had put Afton on the map!  Probably the local stores would make a year’s worth of profits before the day was out!
A cordoned area had been prepared at the rear of the town hall for Jack’s arrival.  The seven officers hastily jumped out of their cars and tried to keep the mob of screaming reporters and gaping onlookers at bay.  With a gulp, Jack realized they were only being partly successful.  He had to run across ten feet of ground from his car to the rear door of the town hall.  It looked like he’d be running the gauntlet.  He suddenly found himself wishing he’d paid more attention to the coach in football practice, when he’d talked about being an offensive lineman.
Jack grabbed his briefcase and darted from his car.  The mob was only going to get worse, so he knew he couldn’t wait.  The officers were already shouting for him to hurry, and that they couldn’t hold the mob back much longer.  Jack was fairly blinded by flashbulbs within two steps, but somehow made it the distance.  Once inside, he braced himself against the wall, panting for breath, as the officers darted in after him and slammed the door closed, locking it fast.
Officer Michaels smiled at him.  “That wasn’t too bad, was it?” he asked, as if they had just casually strolled inside.  “We didn’t even have to call an ambulance!”
“Where are the Afton police officers?” jabbered Jack.  “Why weren’t they helping you?”
“Oh, they were!” said Michaels.  “Didn’t you see them at the edge of the crowd, trying to push the reporters past us?”
Jack just gaped at Michaels, uncomprehending.  Then Michaels said simply, “You sued them too, remember?”
Jack frowned, regaining his composure.  Anger was the only thing that was going to keep him going today.
“Hello, Jack,” said a sudden voice from his other side.  Turning, Jack saw the mayor of Afton, and two council members.  All of them were frowning at him.
But even politicians had to be civil to their enemies, right?  Jack had never known the mayor to badmouth anyone.  It wasn’t good for his political image.  Jack smiled at the mayor, and relaxed.  It looked like at last he would hear a kind word from someone!
Wrong again.  “Let me just say,” drawled the mayor,” that you are NOT welcome, that we hate your guts, and that we hope you get exactly what you deserve today.”
Jack just gaped in reply.  Then the mayor bluntly said, “follow me,” and turned to go.  Without a word, Jack followed, his escort officers trailing behind.  In short order, he found himself inside a tiny cubicle of an office.  It looked rather like a custodial closet, with no windows and a single, naked bulb dangling from the ceiling.  “This office is for you and your client to meet in privately,” said the mayor grumpily.  Jack noticed that both chairs in the room looked so rickety they would probably break if a single sheet of paper was placed on them.
“We’ll give your client fifteen minutes to show up,” said the mayor.  “After he fails to do so—and I have to admit, I’m surprised that YOU showed up—then we’ll let you go out and explain to the town of Afton just what kind of a looney your client is.  Maybe if you beg hard enough, they’ll let you get out of Afton alive!”  Then the mayor gave Jack an unfriendly thump on the back.  “Bad luck, and good riddance!” he said darkly.  Then he and the council members turned and disappeared down the hall.
“We’ll just stay out here in the hall,” said Michaels.  There was obviously no space for more than two or three people in the tiny room, so his comment was completely needless.
Jack went in and closed the door.  He was suddenly alone.  He looked at his watch, and noticed that his hand was shaking.  Only five minutes until the deposition was supposed to start!  Mr. Noel obviously wasn’t there, and it was certain he wouldn’t come.  Not if he valued his life.
As for Jack’s life, it was starting to pass before his eyes even now.  Fear of what was coming was starting to climb its icy way up his spine like a spider climbing a wall.  He should have followed his instincts, and left for Mexico last night when he still had the chance!  His hands were starting to shake so bad that when he tried to straighten his hair he messed it up worse instead.
“Hello, Jack,” said an unexpected voice behind him.  Jack jumped and turned like he’d been stung, dropping his briefcase.  It cracked open and papers spilled all over the floor.
It was Mr. Noel!  He was actually here!  This was unbelievable!
“How did you get in here?” stammered Jack.  “And how did you get past all those mobs and crowds out there?”  Mr. Noel laughed merrily, then said simply, “I have a lot of experience in how to enter a room unobserved.”
Mr. Noel turned and plopped down in one of the creaking chairs.  Incredibly, it didn’t break, but merely sagged under the weight.  And there was some definite weight for it to deal with.  Mr. Noel had noticeably gained quite a bit around his belly.  It did indeed look now like a small bowl full of jelly.  
Or more like a beer belly, thought Jack to himself.
“Glad to see that you made it, and didn’t get scared off by all the threats and news reports about your escape options,” said Mr. Noel calmly.  Jack continued to stare at him through half crazed eyes.  Mr. Noel’s gaze dropped to the floor, at the handful of blank papers that had been inside Jack’s briefcase.  The only writing on any of them was a few doodles about Mexico.  “And I’m glad to see you came prepared for a rousing deposition!” said Mr. Noel.
Jack suddenly saw red.  “Do you know what’s waiting for us out there!” he fairly screamed.  “Those people want to KILL us!!  The mayor just said he hates my guts!  Mike Bracker yanked the head off a ‘Jack Parsons’ doll on TV, like he was opening a bottle of soda pop!  If we go out there, we’re dead!!”
“It is rather exciting, isn’t it?” said Mr. Noel with a twinkle in his eyes.  “Today promises to be a most enlightening experience.”
“Enlightening” jabbered Jack, spraying Mr. Noel with saliva.  “More like dismembering!  And I don’t have any health insurance!”
Laughing merrily, Mr. Noel wiped the saliva from his glasses and stood up.  He gave Jack an affectionate pat on the back.  “You worry too much,” he said simply.  “You’ve done a marvelous job.  Everything is going better than I’d hoped.  Imagine, getting a deposition with the whole town in just three days!  I couldn’t have asked for more!”
Jack just gaped at his client.  The man really was a looney.  He had no clue of what they were about to face.  
Why, oh why, hadn’t he booked that flight to Mexico!?!
“Let’s go,” said Mr. Noel, suddenly gripping the doorknob.
“NO!” cried Jack, grabbing the older man’s hand.  The hand felt soft and flabby—almost like Christmas cookie dough.  “Don’t you want to live anymore?” Jack screamed.
Mr. Noel just looked at Jack, a strange glint in his eyes.  “My boy,” he said slowly, “that’s exactly why I’m going out there.  To live.  To get my life back.  My life as Santa Claus.  Sometimes we have to face things like this, in order to really be alive.”
Before Jack could protest further, with an incredible burst of strength Mr. Noel shoved Jack’s hand aside, yanked the door open and paced swiftly down the hall.  Forgetting his briefcase, Jack darted after him, trying vainly to get him to stop.  
But he was too late.  Before Jack knew what had happened, the two rounded a corner and found themselves suddenly facing the most frightening thing that Jack had ever seen in his life.
They were in the main part of town hall, which was packed to the rafters with people.  There were people jammed on every inch of the benches, people in the balcony, and people sprawled in defiance of the fire code all the way down both aisles.  There were even a couple of people perched on top of one of the larger chandeliers in the back.
But the most startling thing about these people were their eyes.  There was malice and hatred and bloodshot enmity written deep into every one of them.  Jack saw his wife Margo there, his two kids, Mike Bracker, the mayor, Mrs. Sluft—everyone!  And almost every one of them was looking at him with pure venom.
Nor were they silent.  A chorus of ‘boos’ and hisses were thrown at them from every corner of the room.  It sounded like they’d landed in a den of screaming lions.
Looking to his right, Jack saw a middle aged man with a smirk on his face, wearing a $1,000 suit.  It was obviously Will Pane, the attorney that had arranged the deposition.  He held up his hand for silence, and slowly the boos, catcalls and hisses died away.
“Well, well, well,” said Pane in a soft, malicious voice.  He was fairly salivating in anticipation of what was coming.  “I’m surprised but pleased to see you both here.  I’m afraid there are a good many townsfolk who have just lost some money—from the bets they placed that you two wouldn’t show up!”
There were more boos and hissing, in confirmation of what Pane had just said.  Jack saw money exchange hands all across the hall.  But even winning their bets didn’t erase the hatred that still smoldered in the angry eyes of many of the mob before him.  And of course, those who LOST their bets, looked up at him now with even more hatred.
Pane held up his hand again for silence.  Then, as casually as if he were on a Sunday stroll, he walked over and shook Mr. Noel’s hand.  “Thanks for coming, Mr. Santa,” said Pane, the snide sarcasm fairly dripping in his voice.  
“Good to see you too, Will,” Mr. Noel replied calmly.  “How’s the wife and corvette?”
“Just fine,” said Pane, wincing involuntarily at the clamminess of Mr. Noel’s hand.  “And how are you and Rudolph getting along?”  He didn’t miss a beat.  Boy was he smooth!
“Just great!” said Mr. Noel with a smile.  “Although he keeps insisting that I polish his nose every day so it will stay shiny.  Do you have any idea how much reindeer nose polish costs?”
Pane just smirked happily.  This was just what he wanted.  A few more bizarre comments like that from Mr. Noel and there was no way his case could lose.  Insanity was written all over this old guy.
Mr. Noel turned suddenly and beckoned for Jack to join him at the rickety little deposition table that had been set up on the town stage.  Wobbling over on shaking legs, Jack complied.  A court reporter was seated at the other end of the table, ready to take down every word that was said.
As they all sat down, Pane tossed Jack and Mr. Noel a piece of paper.  The paper said ‘Disclaimer of Liability’ at the top.  It was filled with legal language in small print, that seemed to go on forever.
“This is just a little something for you to sign before we begin,” said Pane simply.  “Nothing dramatic—just a statement that no matter what the people of Afton do to you today, it’s not my fault and you can’t sue me for it.”
Without hesitation, Mr. Noel scrawled his signature on the paper and handed it back to Pane.  Jack just stared dumbly at his as if it had yelled a profanity at him.
“Go ahead and sign it, Jack,” said Mr. Noel softly.  “I promise it won’t be used.  Remember, I’m Santa Claus.  I know how to deliver both gifts and promises.”
Pane chuckled in pure glee.  That was one more statement in his favor by Mr. Noel.  But naturally he had to pretend that he wasn’t trying to encourage it, so he said in as bland a voice as he could muster, “Now, Mr. Noel, let’s not jump the gun.  Whether you really ARE Santa Claus is what we’re here today to talk about.  You brought your documentation, to prove your identity, I presume?”
“Sorry,” said Mr. Noel.  “There is no government at the north pole to issue any identifying documents.  I’m afraid I don’t have any.”
Pane’s glee could hardly be contained.  “I thought as much,” he said with satisfaction.  He turned to the court reporter and said, “You’re getting all this down, aren’t you?”  She nodded in the affirmative.
Turning back to Jack and Mr. Noel, Pane said, “I know it’s a bit unusual, but I instructed the court reporter to start the transcription early.  I didn’t want to miss any meaningful statements that might be made before the deposition officially got started.”  Then, nearly salivating in anticipation, he said, “You don’t object, do you?”
Jack didn’t even look up.  While he clearly should have objected, it was obvious he hadn’t heard the question, and that his mind was off in ‘la-la land.’
“No, we don’t object,” said Mr. Noel helpfully.  
“Good!” said Pane with a broad smile.  “Well, I’ve brought a few assistants along today to help in determining just who you really are.”  He waved at a man seated on the front row of the town hall, holding a large, heavy looking box.  The man’s bald head was so shiny, Jack could see his own shaking reflection on it.
“Meet Phil Gloober,” said Pane with a smug smile.  “He’s come along with his lie detector, which we’ll be using in just a minute.  And next to him is Merv Flink, fingerprint specialist.”  Merv was a nervous looking man, whose neck twitched every few seconds.  “He’s going to take some prints and run them through the FBI database, to find your true identity!”
Pane suddenly turned on Jack, who was still staring dumbly at his DISCLAIMER paper.  “That is, if you don’t object.  To the lie detector test and fingerprints, that is.”  He fairly salivated in excited anticipation of Jack’s response.  There was no question he hoped Jack would object, giving him the excuse to call the judge on the matter, so that he could make Jack look like he was being unreasonable.
“No problem,” said Mr. Noel before Jack could say a word.  “In fact, I’m surprised you didn’t bring in a DNA specialist as well, to try to identify my age and national origin.”
The smirk on Pane’s face broadened.  “Oh, but I did!” he said gloatingly, pointing to a cross looking woman next to Phil and Merv on the front row.  She looked like she needed to shave her mustache.  “Meet Sara Meek.  She’s going to draw a little blood and run some quick tests while we talk.”  At the mention of blood, Meek suddenly smiled, revealing a row of very sharp looking teeth.
“Excellent!” cried Mr. Noel with a smile.  “You always were exceptionally well prepared, Will.  Like that time in 7th grade when you wrote the answers to your upcoming math test on waterproof paper and brought them to class under your tongue.  You scored an ‘A’ on that test, if I remember correctly.”
Pane’s smile froze on his face.  For the briefest second, a look of shock crossed his eyes—and then quickly disappeared.  Still totally composed, he said quickly, “I have no idea what you’re talking about, or where you got such a silly idea.”
“I got the idea from my ‘naughty list,’ of course,” said Mr. Noel with an innocent smile.  “It’s a good thing your parents bought you some gifts that Christmas.  You certainly didn’t get any from me!”
Pane chuckled softly.  It was a sound like grating gravel, and was completely without humor.  “Nice try,” he said condescendingly.  “But I’m not the one being scrutinized here—you are!  And so, let’s begin.  First, I’m going to tell you a few basics about a deposition, and then—“
“I know,” said Mr. Noel calmly.  “You’re going to describe how a deposition works to Jack and I in condescendingly simple terms, so you can once more assert that you are in control of these proceedings, not us.  It’s a form of intimidation that attorneys often use, I believe.”
Pane uttered his gravel laugh again.  “My, my, Mr. Noel.  You are a character, aren’t you!  However, it is my duty as Mrs. Sluft’s attorney to make sure things are done in the proper way.  And so, to begin, we are here today to conduct a deposition.  This is a simple question and answer format in which I ask the questions, and you answer them …”  
Pane then proceeded to do exactly what Mr. Noel had said he would, laying out the basics of the deposition as if Jack and Mr. Noel were first graders.  Mr. Noel just smiled patiently.  Jack was still staring at his DISCLAIMER sheet of paper, his hand shakingly holding his pen in a death grip, wondering whether he should sign.  Obviously, his brain wasn’t keeping up with the proceedings.
“Do you understand what I just explained about our deposition today?” said Pane, with obvious hope they’d say they didn’t, so he could explain it all again.
“Perfectly!” said Mr. Noel, rolling up his sleeve to reveal a pasty-white, flabby arm that looked like a giant wet noodle.  “I presume Miss Meek is going to draw blood first, so she can conduct her tests while I’m being questioned?”
“Yes,” said Pane, displaying open irritation.  “Let me remind you, Mr. Noel, that I am the one who will outline the order in which things happen today, not you.”  Then he stiffly turned to Meek.  “Could you please come up and … do your thing?”

CHAPTER SIX

Miss Meek’s row of sharp teeth were showing again.  In obvious ecstasy, she produced a needle and vial.  Jack had never seen anyone so happy at their work, as she unceremoniously jabbed the needle into Mr. Noel’s arm and began sucking out some blood.
Jack suddenly felt very queasy.  The deposition was horrific enough.  But he had never dealt very well with the sight of needles or blood.
“There, there,” said Mr. Noel, patting Jack’s arm reassuringly.  “Just look the other way, and think of something pleasant.  Like my retainer.”
Jack did as he was told.  The thought of all that money DID make him feel instantly better.
“By the way,” continued Mr. Noel to Jack, “You’re doing a good job of being forceful today, in protecting my interests.  I don’t know how I’d handle Mr. Pane without you!”  Jack just kept staring at his DISCLAIMER paper, still dreaming of money.  He was obviously unable to say a word even in his own defense, let alone that of his client.
All too soon (at least, too soon for Miss Meek), the blood draw was done.  She shuffled off down an aisle, staring happily at the red vial of Mr. Noel’s blood she held tightly in her hands.  She still held her needle in the other hand, pointed dangerously at the rows of spectators as she passed by.  They pulled back from her as she passed like an ocean wave receding from a beach.
“Now, Merv,” said Pane to the neck-twitcher on the first row.  “Come up and get some prints, please.”
Merv did so.  In spite of his constantly twitching neck and overall nervousness, his hands were remarkably calm as he took the prints.  He didn’t smudge a single one.
After Merv had disappeared to conduct his tests, Phil approached the table with his lie detector box.  “You are aware, of course,” said Mr. Noel conversationally, “that the U.S. Supreme Court in the 1998 case of United States v. Scheffer said that polygraph tests such as this are not reliable as court evidence.”
“Of course,” said Pane, obviously expecting the objection—but from Jack, not Mr. Noel.  Pane turned on Jack.  “You can object, of course.”  He was salivating again.  Obviously, he lived for objections, thrilling at the controversy they created which gave him the chance to call the judge and belittle his opponent.  There was no doubt he was prepared to handle any such objection Jack might raise.
But Jack merely looked up at him with dazed eyes.  “I don’t think I should sign this,” he said suddenly in a high-pitched, squeaky voice.  He handed the DISCLAIMER paper back to Pane.  He was clearly oblivious to what was going on.
Mr. Noel smiled.  “Oh, I’m sure Jack doesn’t mean to object.  After all, the Supreme Court in the same case also acknowledged that a polygraph test is the equivalent of another opinion.  So if you really want another opinion of my sanity, go ahead.”
Pane leaned back in his chair in obvious disappointment.  Phil attached the various wires to Mr. Noel’s arms and head, then sat down  at the table.  “Now, I’m going to ask you a few questions,” said Phil in a surprisingly deep voice.  “First, we need to establish your normal respiration, blood pressure and other readings by asking questions that are simple and truthful.  For example, is this the month of December?”
“Yes,” said Mr. Noel simply.
Phil checked his readings on the polygraph.  “Good,” he said simply.  “Your normal readings are low and surprisingly calm in light of the obvious danger you’re in.  Now let’s try another question.  Are there a lot of people here in town hall today?”
“Yes,” said Mr. Noel again.
Phil checked his readings again.  “Excellent!  Now I have a good idea of your normal readings.  So I’ll ask a question to establish your readings when you are untruthful,” he said in his bass voice.  “Please answer with a lie.  Is it night time?”  The sun was still shining in the windows.
“Yes,” said Mr. Noel without batting an eyelash.  Phil checked his readings, and smiled with pleasure.  “A higher reading on all counts!  Very good.  Let’s do one more.  Remember to lie again.  No doubt you’ve seen images of Mike Bracker on TV.  Is Mike Bracker a wuss?”
It was suddenly so deathly quiet you could hear a pin drop.  Talk about a loaded question!  If Mr. Noel lied and said Mike Bracker WAS a wuss, the former football player was likely to come leaping up on stage and desecrate him then and there.
But Mr. Noel was supposed to lie.  And without any hesitation he did so.  “Yes,” he said simply.
There was a sudden commotion from the audience.  “LET ME AT HIM!!” bellowed Bracker, rising from his seat like an angel of vengeance.  It took a dozen burly men yanking on his arms to hold him back.
Pane just smiled pleasantly, revealing a row of perfectly white, perfectly straight teeth.  During his teen years he had obviously made an orthodontist very happy.
“Now I’m ready for some real questions!” said Phil excitedly.  It was obvious he greatly enjoyed making people squirm and expose their innermost secrets.
He turned to look directly at Mr. Noel and asked with barely controlled excitement, “Are you Santa Claus?”  Town hall was once more so quiet you could hear a pin drop.
“Yes,” said Mr. Noel simply.  Phil excitedly checked his readings.  Then his face fell.  “Blasted machine,” he mumbled to himself.  He gave it an unfriendly thump.  “Let’s try that again.”  He looked deeply into Mr. Noel’s eyes once more.  “Are you Jolly Old Saint Nicholas?”
“Well, as you know, so-called ‘Saint Nicholas’ was a bishop in the Catholic Church many centuries ago.  But if you’re asking if I am Santa Claus, also sometimes wrongly called ‘Saint Nick,’ the answer is yes.”
Phil looked at his readings again.  His eyes clouded over.  He gave his machine a sudden hard smack on its bottom, like a petulant father spanking a child.  “What is wrong with this stupid thing?” he grumbled to no one in particular.
“Phil, could you come here a minute?” said Pane in an icy voice, motioning to his bald headed accomplice.  Barely controlled anger was written all over Pane’s face at Phil’s behavior.  There was a hurried exchange of urgent whispers between the two of them at their end of the table.  Then with sweat breaking out on his bald forehead, Phil approached his machine again.
“We’ll try this one more time,” he said nervously, glancing anxiously at a frowning Mr. Pane.  Then he looked at Mr. Noel once more.  “Do you have flying reindeer that take you to people’s houses on Christmas Eve, where you deliver presents?”
“I do have such reindeer, and they can take me to people’s houses,” said Mr. Noel.  “But I haven’t been doing much delivering in recent years since almost no one believes in me anymore, and they must believe in order for me to deliver.  That’s the reason I filed this lawsuit, so I could get back in business!”
Phil hurriedly looked at his readings again.  His face was turning scarlet.  He looked at Will Pane, agony in his eyes.  Pane gave a motion with his hand, as if trying to chop off Phil’s head from a distance.
It looked like poor Phil was going to cry.  Quickly, and rather savagely, he began yanking the wires from off Mr. Noel’s arms and head.
“Excuse me,” said Jack, suddenly regaining his voice (even though it still sounded rather like a scared rabbit).  “But is something wrong?”
“Nothing!”said Pane dismissively, with a wave of his hand.  “Nothing at all.  I’ve just decided to dispense with the lie detector test, that’s all.  I’ll turn now to asking my own questions while we wait for the fingerprint and blood tests—“
“But why are you stopping?” asked Jack, hope rising in his chest.  “I thought you wanted to conduct this test.  We hardly started.  Why are you stopping now?”
“No reason that concerns you,” said Pane impatiently.
“But it does concern me!” cried Jack, surprising even himself at his sudden forcefulness.  “I think everyone here is entitled to know what Phil found out when he asked his questions, and why you’re stopping the test now, before it really got started.”
“It’s unimportant,” said Pane hastily.  “Now, Mr. Noel, I’d like to ask you—“
“Now, wait a minute!” cried Jack, his voice rising shrilly so it sounded almost like a girl.  “Everyone here has a right to know what Phil found!”  He turned to Phil.  “Tell us what your readings showed.”
Phil squirmed, sweat pouring down his bald forehead and across his temples.  He looked uncomfortably at Pane who just gave him another ‘chopping-off-the-head’ gesture.
“Tell us!” repeated Jack forcefully.  “Or I’ll have to call the judge.”  Jack reached for the phone sitting on the rickety table.  Pane growled like a cornered wildcat.  HE was the one who was supposed to be calling the judge, not this imbecile Jack!
“Go ahead!” spat Pane suddenly, spraying Phil with saliva.  “Tell them.  It doesn’t matter anyway.  Just don’t expect to get paid.”
“Well, there’s nothing really to tell,” said Phil unhappily.  “The readings were just normal, that’s all.”
“Normal,” repeated Jack.  “You mean, they DIDN’T show that he was lying when he answered your questions about whether he was Santa Claus, and about his reindeer?”
“That’s right,” answered Phil, looking distinctly as if he’d rather be anywhere else.  Then he added hastily, “of course, they’re just readings, you know.  They don’t show for certain whether he was lying or telling the truth.  Obviously something is wrong with the machine.”
“That’s correct,” said Pane smoothly, shifting back into control mode.  “You heard the expert—he thinks his machine is broken.  Besides, it’s like Mr. Noel said.  The Supreme Court has indicated that polygraphs aren’t reliable anyway.  The readings mean nothing.”
“They certainly seemed to mean a lot to you a minute ago, before Phil started his questions,” said Jack tartly.
Pane waved him aside with a dismissive toss of his hand.  “Now Mr. Noel, I have a few questions for you.  First, is the obvious one—are you Santa Claus?”
“Yes,” said Mr. Noel, without hesitation.  Meanwhile, Phil tucked his machine under his arm and retreated swiftly down the aisle, glad to no longer be the unhappy subject of attention.
“Now, let me get this straight so there is no question,” said Pane with a snide smile.  “You claim to be Santa Claus, who is generally considered to be an elf, who is extremely fat yet is able to fit down narrow chimneys, who flies through the air on a sleigh pulled by flying reindeer and in one night delivers toys to millions of people.  Is that right?”
“Essentially, yes,” said Mr. Noel calmly.  “Although, as I explained earlier, my number of deliveries has dwindled pretty much to zero, since I can only deliver to people who believe in me.  That’s why I filed this lawsuit.”
Pane raised an eyebrow in obvious pretended surprise.  “You filed a lawsuit to force the people of Afton to believe in you?”  His laughter was echoed by many throughout town hall.  It was laughter without humor.  “You’ll have to explain how that works, Mr. Noel.  I don’t understand how suing people can force them to believe in a fairy tale like Santa Claus.”
“Well, first of all, the lawsuit focuses attention on the question of a belief in Santa Claus,” said Mr. Noel.  “The initial reaction of everyone, of course, is stark disbelief.  But I believe things can change, with the right information.”
“And what information is that?” said Pane musingly.  “Are you going to bring Rudolph flying through the ceiling?  Or give us a demonstration of how a fat man—and you are NOT a very fat man, by the way—can fit down a 5 inch chimney?”
More laughter echoed through town hall.
“I object!” cried Jack, startling himself.  Pane looked at him as if he had just sprouted a a zucchini plant out of his nose.  “To what?” he asked coldly.
“You’re badgering the witness,” said Jack, flinching in spite of himself at Pane’s stare.  
“There, there,” said Mr. Noel unexpectedly, patting Jack’s hand.  “Don’t worry about it.  I’m willing to answer Mr. Pane’s questions.”
Jack opened his mouth to say more, but was cut off by Pane’s next question.
“We’ll deal with your ‘information’ later, Mr. Noel.  For now, I have a few more questions.  Like, how old are you?”
“503 years old,” said Mr. Noel matter-of-factly.  Jack jerked back his hand instinctively from under that of Mr. Noel.  The old geezer’s hand suddenly felt very cold and clammy, almost like a corpse.  A 503 year-old corpse.
Pane laughed again in sheer glee.  Obviously things were going just as he had hoped.  “You mean to tell me with a  straight face, in front of all these witnesses that you were born 503 years ago?!”
“Yes,” said Mr. Noel with a straight face.  The hall filled with rollicking laughter.  The man was obviously delusional.  He hadn’t even been smart enough to claim being only about 80 to 100 years old.  He had to give the impossible age of 503!
“Jack,” said Pane happily, “my client wishes for Mr. Noel to submit to psychological counseling.  He is clearly a danger to himself and to others to maintain such beliefs.  As a person lacking, shall we say, mental capacity, he also lacks the ability to maintain his lawsuit!”
Jack opened his mouth, then shut it again.  What could he say against that?  A sinking feeling lay in the pit of his stomach.  Had Mr. Noel stolen all that retainer money?  How could a nut like him come up with that much cash?
“For that matter,” said Mr. Noel, completely unruffled, “I also believe that my reindeer can fly, that elves exist—I have over 200 in my workshop right now—and that it is possible by using the right method for a—shall we say—‘rotund’ individual to go down a 5 inch chimney with no trouble, and without getting much soot on his red suit.  I presume you were going to ask questions about all of those things too, right?”
The windows of Town hall nearly blew out with the fresh wave of laughter.  When it finally died down enough for Pane to speak he wiped the laughter tears from his eyes and said, “Yes, those were my questions.  But they became unnecessary when you claimed to be 503.”  Then in a mock demonstration of caring—something that was obviously forced, since it was contrary to his character to show caring for anyone—Pane took Mr. Noel’s hand and said, “I am very sorry for you, old chap.  But they have very nice facilities at these asylums.  And you’ll be very happy there.”
Just then Miss Meek and Merv Flink entered the hall.  Flink’s neck was twitching so wildly it looked like there was a snake under his skin.  Miss Meek’s cross face looked like she had just drank a gallon of unsweetened lemon juice.
“Ah, here come my testers,” said Pane with a happy wave of his hand.  Flushed with victory, he didn’t seem to notice that both of them looked distinctly unhappy and uncomfortable.  “Tell us the results of your tests, please.”
“Well,” stammered Flink, his face turning scarlet.  “The FBI has no record of these prints anywhere.  Same with Interpol.  There’s nothing on them at all.”
Completely unmoved, Pane waved his hand dismissively.  “It’s not surprising he doesn’t have a criminal record,” he said blissfully.  “He probably just escaped from an insane institution.”
“But institutions keep prints too,” said Flink miserably.  “I checked them all out—nothing.”
Pane was still unmoved.  “So he didn’t escape.  No matter.  He’s going to one now.  How about you, Miss Meek?  What did your tests show?”
She squirmed visibly, which was something she obviously did not do very often.  “I’m afraid his DNA didn’t match any criminal profiles on record,” she began in a voice that sounded like a broken meat grinder.
“No big deal,” said Pane.  “That’s consistent with the FBI print results.  What about his age and national origin?  Anything there?”
“Well,” she began hesitantly, “as you know, DNA can only give clues on those things.  It’s not certain by any means.”
“Right,” said Pane confidently.  “Like lie detector tests, it’s unreliable.  But what did his DNA show, for cat’s sake?”
“Well,” she said again, her gravelly voice almost in a whisper.  “His age is … very unclear.  I can only say that all indications show great longevity.  Far in excess of the oldest person I have tested in the past, who was 103.”
The smile was gone from Pane’s face.  Suddenly it was very quiet in town hall.  “What are you saying?” he said blandly, his face starting to look like a storm cloud.
“Just that, if DNA testing were reliable—and it’s not, you know—but if it were, well …” she wrung her hands uncomfortably, “I’d have to say he was in the range of a few hundred years old.”
There was complete silence.  Then suddenly Pane laughed.  It was a forced laugh, without humor.  “Oh, my,” he guffawed.  “Miss Meek, I thought you came highly recommended!  And now you’re telling me your tests showed something ludicrous like that?!”
“I know it sounds crazy!” she said defensively.  “I could hardly believe it myself.  But I performed all the standard counterchecks.  And that’s what it shows …”
“And I suppose it also shows he’s an elf?” asked Pane sarcastically.  
“No,” said Meek, her voice sounding somewhat strangled.  “Of course, no one knows what elf DNA would look like anyway, since there’s none in existence to compare with.  But his DNA is highly unusual in many respects.  It most closely resembles that of Scandinavian countries, like Finland, but there’s still a lot about it that is different.  I’ve never seen anything like it!”
“Oh, go on!” cried Pane suddenly.  “Get out, and don’t expect to get paid!  Both of you!”  Meek and Flink quickly skittered down the aisle and out the door.
“Now,” said Pane, turning back to Mr. Noel and Jack.  “I believe it’s time to bring this deposition to a close, pending the outcome of professional psychiatric examination—“
“Wait just a minute,” said Mr. Noel rather forcefully.  “I referred a minute ago to some information that will help clarify who I really am.  I would like to give that information now.”
“Forget it,” said Pane, standing up and picking up his briefcase.  “The deposition is over.”
“But you blocked out the whole afternoon,” said Mr. Noel softly.  “There’s still plenty of time.”
“I don’t intend to sit here and waste my valuable time—“
“You’re afraid, then,” said Mr. Noel with a crafty smile.  “Is that it?”
Pane’s head jerked up as if he’d just been swatted on his behind—which he probably had been, many times in school, for bad behavior.
“Afraid!” he fairly screamed.  “I’m not afraid of anything!  But I refuse to be badgered into wasting my valuable time by an obviously insane witness!”
“I see,” said Mr. Noel calmly.  “And I suppose you also have no trouble with defying the wishes of your own client, even though she’s paying you $800 per hour!”
Pane’s face went white, and there was a collective intake of breath across the hall.  Glancing over at Mrs. Sluft, Jack saw that her face had also gone white as a sheet.  How had Mr. Noel known that she was paying him THAT MUCH?
But Pane could never be faulted for being slow on his feet.  Color quickly returned to his face, and he said angrily, “What I am paid for my services is no one’s business.  Furthermore, my client has no interest in listening to your babblings!”  He picked up his briefcase and turned to go.
“Is that so?” said Mr. Noel, still unruffled.  “Why don’t you ask her, then?”
Pane obviously didn’t want to.  But even an ego as big as his had to submit to the reality of his client’s wishes.  He darted a furtive glance in Mrs. Sluft’s direction.  To his horror, he saw that she was nodding her head.  “Go ahead and let him talk,” she said in a hard voice that echoed clearly across the hall.  “Let him hang himself.  It’s all being taken down by the court reporter.”
Pane’s face flushed scarlet, his anger barely contained.  This upstart madman had just outfoxed him!  And, unlike his client, as an experienced attorney he was well aware of the group sympathy that could result from whatever ‘other information’ Mr. Noel had to offer.
“Just a minute,” he grunted, dropping his briefcase.  He then walked swiftly over to Mrs. Sluft and began whispering to her in angry tones.
But Mrs. Sluft had an ego to match Pane’s.  Her whisperings were just as angry.  The mob of people in town hall leaned forward as one, stretching their ears to see if they could hear any of the ‘private’ conversation.  They were gratified to hear the words “$800 per hour!” repeated several times.
After a minute of heated discussion, Pane threw up his hands in disgust, then turned and approached the deposition table.
“All right,” he sneered viciously at Mr. Noel.  “Go ahead and offer your ‘Other Information!’  But it’ll do you no good!  No court will take seriously the babblings of a madman.  And don’t forget, every word you say is being transcribed for the record.”  He turned and looked pointedly at the court reporter, who was still diligently typing away.
Mr. Noel smiled briefly, then turned to face the hall.  In particular, he trained his gaze on Mrs. Sluft.  Then he said simply, “Much of the ‘other information’ I am going to offer has to do with Mrs. Sluft, your client.  And it has to do with a certain bracelet made out of seaweed that she owned, long ago …”
Mrs. Sluft just looked up at Mr. Noel.  But the appearance of uncontrolled shock in her eyes at the mention of the bracelet was so startling that even the self-assured Mr. Pane began to fidget, and twiddle his thumbs nervously up and down.

CHAPTER SEVEN

“The story I’m about to tell,” said Mr. Noel as he settled his rotund frame into his seat for what promised to be a long spell, “took place on the west coast 45 years ago.  Mrs. Sluft was there of course, although her name then wasn’t Sluft.  It was Carrion.  And there is another important person in this story.  His name is Jorokod Smudge.”
At the mention of this last name, Mrs. Sluft jerked in her chair as if she’d been stung by a dozen fleas at once.  Not that a flea could have survived more than a few seconds in the suffocating aura of perfume that surrounded her petite frame.
“In the small fishing village of Skeech, Oregon,” began Mr. Noel, “Dorothea Carrion grew up in a tiny cottage.  She lived there with her fisherman father, her stern, unsmiling mother, and her seven brothers and sisters.  Together they shared one room in the cottage, since that’s all there was—unless you count the tiny outhouse behind the cottage where they frequently had to go to take care of unmentionable business.”
Everyone in the hall was staring at Mrs. Sluft with wide eyes.  How could the rich, no-nonsense Mrs. Sluft, who lived in a 100 room mansion on the edge of town, have ever grown up in a tiny fisherman’s shack with an outhouse?  The mere thought boggled the imaginations of everyone present.
“Jorokod Smudge,” continued Mr. Noel, “or just ‘Joke’ as the villagers used to call him, lived not far from Dorothea.  As naturally happens in such cases, the two fell unaccountably in love.  He loved her cute, bird-hawk nose, while she adored his skinny, double-jointed arms.  It was a romance made in heaven, as they say.  They committed to marry each other on Christmas Eve.  To signify their pact, Joke braided a bracelet for Dorothea out of seaweed, which she loved and cherished.  She kept it in the shoebox she used as a hope chest, and admired and caressed it every day.”
“But alas, all was not well for the two love-birds.  They were penniless, and couldn’t afford to get married.  Joke was a fisherman like most of the men in his village, but fishing hadn’t been good for several years.  He barely made enough to keep himself from starvation, and nothing more.”
“And then unexpectedly, a new hope dawned!  A merchant ship ported at the village one day, and asked for new crewmembers.  Accepting the position would mean a large salary, and a steady job, although it also required an unhappy separation.  Naturally, Dorothea and Joke jumped at the chance, and before the sun set on that day, they parted.  Their sadness at separation was overcome by the hope that when Joke returned from his trip, at last they would have the money to get married and establish their own home.”
Mrs. Sluft was sitting stiff as a ramrod on her bench, oblivious to the gawking stares of all of her fellow town folks.  Her face wore an expression of both horror and wonder as she stared unblinking at Mr. Noel while he unfolded her story.  Meanwhile, the minds of almost every person in town hall were reeling at the thought that Hawk-nosed, heart-of-stone Mrs. Sluft could ever have been young, or in love, or in poverty.  They couldn’t have been more shocked if they’d learned she used to be a professional wrestler, or run around in a street gang.
“Every day,” continued Mr. Noel calmly, “Dorothea would wait anxiously for the mailman.  And every day the news was the same—there was no letter from Joke.  It should be noted that this was in the days before email and other instant electronic messaging.  Although the days passed without a letter, Dorothea didn’t lose hope.  She knew that Joke’s love was true, and he would soon come back for her.”
“And then one day, there was some mail!  It was a package, tightly wound up in string.  Her hands shaking, Dorothea ripped it open and found to her surprise and joy a new seaweed bracelet!  And attached to it was a simple note—‘Have got paid lots.  Will be home soon, and we’ll be married! Love, Joke.’  
“Dorothea was ecstatic.  She proudly wore her seaweed bracelet, and showed it off to everyone she met.  She began preparations for the wedding ceremony, and took odd jobs of slopping pigs, ironing clothes, and delivering newspapers to earn enough for a wedding dress.”
Several people in town hall nearly fell off their chairs.  The image of Mrs. Sluft slopping pigs was just too much!
“Finally, the joyous day arrived in which the merchant ship came back to the village.  Dorothea was there to meet it, of course, proudly wearing her seaweed bracelet, which unfortunately had begun to smell due to its age.  She stood alone at the dock, no one daring to come near her.  But how great was her dismay to find that her beloved Joke was not on board.  Fellow crew members told how he had switched to another merchant ship.  They gave her a box Joke had prepared for her, which contained yet another seaweed bracelet which, thankfully, had not yet begun to smell.  The box also contained a note, explaining that the new ship paid twice as much, and with the extra money they could afford a nice house, and could buy a car.  Although he would be delayed getting back by a few months, he promised to be there soon.”
“And so, once again, Dorothea waited.  She proudly wore the two seaweed bracelets Joke had sent to her, showing them off to everyone in the village.  Because of the smell of the older one, the villagers left her to herself.  But the very first bracelet, given to her on Christmas Eve when she and Joke agreed to be married, she still kept hidden and safe in her shoebox hope chest.  She drenched it so completely with perfume that its smell was not a problem.  It was her greatest treasure.”
“After many months of waiting, another glorious day came, in which the second merchant ship arrived at the village.  It arrived on Christmas Eve, making an anniversary of the day she and Joke had agreed to be married.  Dorothea was beside herself with the anticipation of meeting her beloved Joke.  But alas, he wasn’t on this ship either.  Nor was there a box that anyone had been instructed to give to her.  In fact, to Dorothea’s shock, none of the sailors seemed to know anything about Joke.”
“Poor Dorothea sat dejectedly at the port, adding to the saltwater in the bay with her tears.  Then she chanced to spot a newspaper that one of the recently arrived sailors had left on a nearby bench.  It was open to a picture—a picture that looked very familiar!  Rushing to the paper, Dorothea found to her horror that it was a picture of her beloved Joke, taken in Singapore.  But it wasn’t of Joke alone.  It also showed his new bride, a petite Asian woman, and told how he had married the daughter of a local manufacturer of yo-yos.”
“Dorothea’s world collapsed in those few minutes on the dock of her little fishing village, and collapsed so completely that it has never revived since then.  In those few moments, Dorothea became cold and cruel, her heart turned to stone by Joke’s horrific act of disloyalty.  She shredded the paper to bits and tossed it in the bay.  She also shredded the seaweed bracelets and smashed them again and again with her boots.  And when she left the pier, it was with a new resolve.  Never would she love again.  Never would she trust again.  And most importantly, never would she believe again.”
“How I longed that Christmas to bring Dorothea some simple gifts that could help ease her pain, and calm her troubled heart.  But alas, the loss of her belief was total.  I couldn’t come to deliver anything to her, since I can only come to those who believe.  And so it has been every Christmas since then.  Dorothea eventually married, but not out of love.  She married an extremely wealthy man who made millions selling paper clips.  After two short years, she divorced him.  With shrewd investing, she has increased the divorce settlement money she got from him into vast holdings of millions of dollars.”
“But in spite of her incredible wealth, Dorothea has continued to live her life in poverty.  It is a poverty of love, of laughter, of trust and belief.  Her heart still smolders in anger and distrust and vengeance.  Only once since that fateful day on which Joke’s disloyalty was revealed has she ever given a Christmas present.  It was a box full of 50,000 live fleas that she had specially delivered to Joke’s house in Singapore.”
“But to this day, if a person could visit her home, and go to the deepest cellar, and open a certain combination safe with three inch-thick sides, that person would see to his surprise that it contained nothing but a simple shoebox.  And in that shoebox lies a withered seaweed bracelet, that still smells faintly of perfume …”
  The silence in town hall was nearly deafening.  Every eye was turned toward Dorothea Sluft, who had buried her face in her hands.  No one dared to stir.  
This wasn’t what anyone had expected at all!  Mr. Noel’s ‘other evidence’ was a bizarre story about the town’s richest resident.  But most bizarre of all was how Mrs. Sluft was reacting to it!  Never had any of them seen her lose her composure, or her rock-hard glare.  Her capacity to deliver cruel quips to anyone who got in her way was legendary.  Yet her crusty exterior seemed to have been stripped away by a strange, haunting story told by an obvious madman!
Will Pane was fit to be tied.  He opened his mouth in a snide snarl, obviously ready to hurl derision toward Mr. Noel.  But he was stopped by a most unexpected sound.  It was a sound that came from Mrs. Sluft, his client.
It was a sob.  The last thing that anyone would ever have expected to hear from her.  And it was so heart-rending and pitiful that even Pane was momentarily shocked into silence.
But never let it be said that Will Pane was at a loss for words.  “Mr. Noel,” he began with cold cruelty, “I would have to say that that is the most ridiculous, stupid, extreme, idiotic story that I have ever—“
“Mr. Pane!!” screeched a sudden shrill voice.  Looking down, Pane was shocked to see his client glaring up at him through tear-stained eyes.  There was silence as the two stared at each other.  Everyone in town hall leaned forward in anticipation of what would happen next.  The fire in Mrs. Sluft’s eyes was restored.  This was the hardened citizen that everyone in town knew so well!
“Mr. Pane,” said Mrs. Sluft again in a barely contained whisper that seemed to echo through the whole hall.  “I have only one thing to say to you.  YOU’RE FIRED!!”

CHAPTER EIGHT

Will Pane’s face looked like he had just swallowed a bug.  “What?” he said dumbly, staring at his client.  
“You’re fired,” Mrs. Sluft said again.  “You’re off the case.  I’ll pay for your time so far, but that’s it.”
“But … but …” spluttered Pane, spraying saliva all over the occupants of the first row.  
“No buts about it!” said Mrs. Sluft harshly, her eyes still glistening from tears.  “I want you to go now without saying another word.”
“But—“ began Pane again.
“GO!!!” thundered Mrs. Sluft so loudly that some of the windows nearly shattered.  Pane’s face clouded over like a thunderstorm.  Then he snatched up his briefcase and strode haughtily from the hall without a backward glance.
“Citizens of Afton,” said Mrs. Sluft, rising to her feet.  For all the anger and resilience she had just shown toward her attorney, they were surprised that her voice now seemed to waiver, as if it were about to break out of control.  “I have something to say to you,” she said simply.  Pointing at Mr. Noel with a shaking finger, she said tremulously, “I want you to know that everything that man said is true.”
A murmur broke through the crowd.  But it died down instantly when they saw the familiar fire come back into Mrs. Sluft’s eyes.  No one wanted to be the recipient of one of her cruel comments.
Yet her eyes were still glistening.  Then she whispered fiercely, “everything he said is true!  And no one could have known any of it, unless he was not an ordinary mortal.”  She paused, trying to compose herself.  Then she said simply, “I believe he is Santa Claus.  And I’m going to withdraw my Opposition to his Complaint.”
Everyone just gaped.  If a fly had come into the hall at that moment, it would have found hundreds of mouths it could have flown into (although most would have caused it to instantly suffocate, from bad breath).  Mrs. Sluft then walked swiftly from the hall, sniffling for all the world like a two year old whose favorite toy was just broken.  And then she was gone.
Everyone turned to stare at Mr. Noel and Jack, now sitting alone at the deposition table.  What was going to happen now?  Obviously the deposition was over, since the person who had called for it and her attorney had left.  But somehow they dimly perceived that more had happened here than a mere legal deposition.  Something far deeper had taken place.
Was Mrs. Sluft telling the truth?  Could this lunatic actually be Santa Claus?  The mere thought was impossible.  But never had any of them known Mrs. Sluft to lie or act irrational.  The whole sequence of events was mind boggling!
While everyone’s mind was still boggled, Mr. Noel spoke up again.  “If you good people will indulge me, I have one more story to tell.  After that I’ll have to go, since there’s not much time until Christmas, and I have a lot of work to do.”
“Excuse me,” said the court reporter unexpectedly.  “The party that was paying me just left.  I don’t know whether to go on transcribing or not.”  She was looking straight at Jack for an answer.
Jack just stared back dumbly.  Unlike Pane, his mind was sluggish as molasses.  It usually took awhile for it to catch up to what was going on.
Mr. Noel spoke up and saved him.  “Go ahead with the transcription, my dear.  It may prove helpful to other residents of Afton who may want to read it later.  I’ll make sure you get paid.”
Mr. Noel then turned his gaze on Mike Bracker, who was sitting in the middle part of the hall, his huge bulk taking up the same amount of space that three normal sized people would usually occupy.  “My second story has to do with another person known to you all—a person who, like Mrs. Sluft, is rather, shall we say, firm-minded about their opinions.  Especially their opinions about me and my attorney.  This is a story about Mike Bracker.”
Bracker’s face was purple, and the veins stood out on his neck like a series of badly spaced speed bumps.  But he didn’t say a word.
“Not so many years ago, a young boy was born into an average family in Provo, Utah,” began Mr. Noel.  “Like his two older brothers, this lad was a good sized baby, weighing nearly 15 pounds when he was born.”
“Mike’s father was a foreman at the local steel plant.  He could pick up 200 pound beams with the greatest of ease.  In his younger years, when he used to play football on his high school team, he had sent many of his unlucky opponents to the hospital for long term care.  But unfortunately, in those days pro football offers weren’t what they are today, and the elder Mr. Bracker had to settle for a life of hard labor at the steel plant to support his family.”
“But Mr. Bracker had higher hopes for his sons.  He rather ruthlessly pushed them into football at an early age, and all of them showed unusual promise.  Once again, the local hospitals started receiving a number of new patients they would not have had if not for the Bracker family.”
“Mr. Bracker’s unquestioned favorite of his boys was young Mike.  The reason was simple and obvious—he was the biggest.  At age five he was seen helping the local garbage man by picking up fully loaded trash cans and tossing them into the garbage truck, can and all.  At age eight when a hoodlum on a Harley Davidson motorcycle nearly ran Mike down, young Mike picked up the bike—rider and all—and tossed it 15 feet into a nearby swimming pool.”
“Yes indeed, the elder Mr. Bracker was very proud of his son.  There was only one little problem.  Young Mike hated football!”
The crowd in town hall should have been used to shocks by now.  However, they were fully unprepared for this one.  No one who valued his life would have suggested to Mike Bracker that he hated football.  Indeed, the mere suggestion of it was absolutely unthinkable. 
But once again, the biggest shock was the look on Bracker’s face.  Instead of seething with barely controlled rage, what clearly showed in his countenance was a look of wonder and amazement.  His eyes looked as big as dinner plates as he stared up at Mr. Noel.  Could what Mr. Noel had said actually be true?
“Of course, Mike loved his father and wanted to please him, so he played the game anyway.  But his heart wasn’t in it.  He took no joy in clearing half of the opposing offensive line merely by turning around, or in sacking the opposing quarterback and sending the poor fellow to the bench with a concussion.  Young Mike could do these things with the greatest of ease, even though he was only half trying.  But deep inside, his heart was elsewhere.”
“You see, his mother was a shy, timid little woman in complete contrast with her husband and sons.  But for all her quietness, she was not without talent.  She was extremely gifted when it came to flowers.  She raised the most beautiful roses Provo had ever seen, along with marigolds, petunias, daisies and carnations.  Her flower garden was a sight to behold, and was equally loved by her neighbors and all the bees in town.  She adored flowers, and could arrange them beautifully.  Indeed, she supplemented the family income by selling exquisite flower arrangements that were truly dazzling to behold.”
“As you may have guessed, although young Mike Bracker had inherited his father’s physique and strength, he had inherited his mother’s love of flowers.  In his early years, he would spend hours helping her in her flower garden.  There was nothing he enjoyed more than caressing the tender petals of his little, delicate friends.  And even at a young age he developed a talent for flower arranging that rivaled that of his highly gifted mother.”
Every eye in the hall was trained on Mike Bracker.  The image of him bending his huge frame over a tender little flower was so ludicrous that most of the audience were speechless.  This time a wandering fly DID happen to fly in and out of a dozen of the gaping, open mouths of the group, before suffocating in that of Mr. Parelli, the owner of a garlic bread shop.
“As you can image,” continued Mr. Noel, “Mike’s hatred of football and love of flowers was bound to cause some tension in the Bracker home.  The elder Mr. Bracker found out about it on Christmas Eve when he chanced to notice that Mike’s wish list to Santa was entirely focused on garden tools rather than football equipment.  It should be noted that a repair crew had to be called in right after Christmas to fix the many holes that suddenly appeared in the unfortunate walls when the Elder Mr. Bracker found out the truth.  In spite of his mother’s protests, young Mike was strictly forbidden by his father on that awful Christmas Eve to ever look a flower in the face again, and was told in clear terms to prepare for a life of football, OR ELSE!”
Mr. Noel sighed, unhappily.  “Alas,” he continued, “it was at this time I most wanted to help him.  I wanted to bring him a bouquet of his favorite yellow roses, and give him all the flower trimming tools a gardener could hope for.  But I could not.  The unhappiness welling up inside young Mike Bracker was so great that he stopped believing in Santa Claus, or anything else that was good and positive with the world.  Like Mrs. Sluft, his world collapsed when his first and greatest love was lost.”
“But Mike’s father got his wish.  Mike made quite a name for himself in the football world by focusing his frustrated anger on his football opponents.  He also provided a sizeable income to the many doctors and nurses who tended to his victims.  He went into pro football after only one season in college.  To this day, many of his feats in the NFL are legendary.  Likewise, many of his opponents have never fully recovered.”
“But Mike’s heart still knew its place, and never gave up its secret love.  I’m sure many of you have noticed that the Bracker home today displays some of the finest flower beds and rose bushes in town.  Undoubtedly, everyone has assumed that this is due to the efforts of the meek and shy woman that Mike married.  But this assumption is wrong.  Mrs. Bracker’s fondest activity is to watch professional wrestling matches on TV.  It is Mike himself who—as discreetly as possible, for fear of being noticed—tends lovingly to his little, petaled friends so faithfully.  At last, with his football career over, and his father’s shadow no longer hovering over him, Mike can turn his heart to its first love.  But the bitterness he suffered in all the earlier years still lingers on …”
Once again there was dead silence in the hall.  Every eye was trained on Mike Bracker, to see what he would do.  If even one word of what Mr. Noel had said was a lie, they had no doubt that Mr. Noel would be spending the next several months convalescing in a hospital.  Some in the audience were so excited about the upcoming brawl that they hopped up and down in their seats as if they had to go to the bathroom.
But they were sorely disappointed.  Bracker merely stared at the floor, while flexing his massive hands.  His sons, knowing his moods better than most, had scooted as far away from their father as they could get.  His wife was glaring angrily at Mr. Noel for having revealed her secret about watching professional wrestling.  But Mike just continued to stare at the floor.
And then he looked up.  To the amazement of all, there was a tear in his eye.  His face puckered up as if he were about to ball like a baby.  But he didn’t.  His years of football training had taught him at least that much self control.
Slowly, Mike Bracker got to his feet.  He looked ominously over the waiting throng, then said the last thing many of them had ever expected to hear.  In as quiet a voice as he could muster—which was still so loud it nearly shattered the windows—Bracker announced, “I believe that man up there is Santa Claus.  Only HE could have known about how much I love … about how much I have always liked …”  Mike paused and cast his eyes again to the floor, unable to say the word ‘flowers.’  But when he looked up again, there was that same, familiar gleam in his eyes that the townspeople knew and feared so much.  “Believe whatever you want about who he is.  Just don’t say anything against him while I’m around, because IF I HEAR ANYBODY SAY HE’S NOT SANTA CLAUS, I’LL KILL HIM!!”
This time the thunder in Bracker’s voice caused several of the window panes to shatter.  The entire town cowered as Mike shoved his way to the end of his row, then strode down the aisle and out of the building.
Mr. Noel turned toward Jack.  “Well, my boy, thank you for a job well done.  I couldn’t have done it without you.”
Jack just jabbered something incomprehensible in reply, his mind clearly unable to catch up to all that had taken place.
“I can see that you’re right on top of things, as usual,” said Mr. Noel.  Turning to the court reporter, Mr. Noel said, “And thank you, young lady, for your fine work.  Send your bill to my attorney here, and he will make sure you get paid.”
He then rose from his chair.  “Now after I take care of one more little thing with the good people of Afton, I’ll be leaving.  I left Rudolph in charge at the north pole, and he’s a bit clumsy you know.  Tends to break things.  So I need to get back right away.”
Turning to the people still sitting google-eyed in the hall, Mr. Noel said, “I don’t expect any of you to believe I’m Santa Claus just on what Mrs. Sluft and Mr. Bracker have said, however much you may respect them.  Therefore, I’d like to invite each of you to send me an email saying whether you believe in me or not.  Then, when I can spare a minute from toy-making, I’ll send an email reply to those who don’t believe, and reveal a little of their own Christmas history—something that may make them change their minds, just as occurred with Mrs. Sluft and Mr. Bracker.”
There was a murmur from the crowd.  Already arguments were starting to break out over what had happened and what caused it all, and especially about whether Mr. Noel was really Santa Claus.  Mr. Noel held up his hand for silence, and slowly the murmuring died away.
“For those who still don’t believe after my email, I would like to invite you all to come back here to town hall in one week—which is Christmas Eve, of course—at the same hour of 10:00 o’clock, and we’ll talk about it some more.  I extend you the promise that if everyone in Afton believes in me by Christmas morning, I will make deliveries that day.  But I can only do this if every single resident of Afton believes by then.  If even one single person still doesn’t believe, I cannot come.” 
There was confused silence in the hall while he looked out at them all.  Then he said, “So, until then, I hope you all enjoy this wonderful Christmas season!”  Before anyone could say anything else, Mr. Noel strode quickly from the room, heading back toward the little closet where he had first appeared.  
And Jack suddenly found himself very much alone, sitting up in front of the whole town at the little deposition table.  He wasn’t sure whether the strange gleam in the eyes of the crowd was still one of hatred, or malice, or just confusion.  He was only sure he wasn’t about to wait and find out.  As quick as he could, he darted after his client, racing down the hall like a high school track star.  But no matter which room he looked in or how hard he tried, he couldn’t find Mr. Noel.  The old coot had vanished!

CHAPTER NINE

The next few hours were like a dream to Jack Parsons.  There was still general bedlam in town hall after the deposition let out, but it was no longer focused on the exclusive goal of killing Jack Parsons.  Rather, the angry mob argued among themselves about what had happened, and the unbelievable behavior of Mrs. Sluft and Mike Bracker.  Then they quickly melted away, leaving Jack’s Salt Lake police escort shaking their heads in disbelief.  After getting another autograph from him, the policemen just drove away, confident now that Jack was safe.
And amazingly, he was!  Apparently most of the mob had forgotten all about him.  They had all rushed home to their computers, to send emails to Santa.  
In a stupor, Jack drove unmolested—and largely unnoticed—to his house, three blocks away.  When he arrived, he found himself ignored by members of his family, even when he waved his arms and yelled, ‘Hey!  It’s me!  Remember me?  I live here!’  Each of them paid him no heed.  They had apparently all sent their emails to Santa, and were anxiously pacing the floor in front of the computer, waiting for Santa’s reply.
And they didn’t have long to wait.  Jack’s wife Margo was the first to get a response.  With screeches of “IT’S MINE, AND IT’S PRIVATE!  GET OUT!” she shooed everyone from the room.  They watched from the hall as she read the email.  Jack gaped in disbelief as he saw tears well up in her eyes.  Then she started balling like a little baby.  She hadn’t shed any tears like that for him, when everyone was calling him an insane creep just yesterday!
“It’s true!” blubbered Margo, turning to her family with a tear-streaked face.  “He really IS Santa Claus!”  Then she rushed over and hugged Jack.  “I’m so sorry for disbelieving you!” she wailed.  Jack just gaped down at her.  But before his feeble mind could decide on whether to (1) sneer ‘I told you so!’ or (2) to take the more contrite (and safer) course of saying ‘Don’t mention it,’ she let go of him and dashed down the hall.  “I’ve got to call my friend Doreen!” she cried.  “I’ll bet she got her email too!”
A piercing scream made Jack jerk his head from where she had disappeared down the hall, back toward the computer.  His daughter Jessica had apparently made the scream.  She was busy reading her own email from Santa.  “I can’t believe it!” she wailed.  “How did he know that?!”  She turned toward her father, her eyes as big as garbage can lids.  “It’s true!” she said in an awed voice.  “He really IS Santa!”
“Here, let me see if he answered my email,” grumbled Jack’s son Stephen as he nearly shoved Jessica out of the chair in front of the computer.  After a few deft keystrokes, his eyes opened wide.  “It’s here!” he said in a reverent voice.  “He answered mine already.”  Then his eyes clouded over as he read.  When he had finished, he angrily rubbed some moisture from his eyes, then ducked quickly out of the room before anyone could say a word.
Walking over to the computer screen, Jack saw the last thing in the world that he would have expected.  It was an email message TO HIM!
“Quite a transformation in your family, wasn’t it?” said the email, which clearly identified the sender as Mr. Noel.  “But I have deleted their emails for privacy reasons.  Sorry, but you can’t read them.  Of course, you can always send me an email of your own, if you want to have the same experience as they did …”
Jack ignored the invitation and quickly clicked the mouse key.  But what Mr. Noel had said was true.  None of the emails to his family were even there anymore.
Jack looked up at his daughter, whose eyes were still so large they made her look like a gopher.  “Daddy, he’s real!” she shrieked.  “He’s really real!”  Then she ran from the room, screaming at the top of her lungs.
Jack looked after her in alarm.  For him to pretend to believe a client because that client gave him a large retainer was one thing—but this was something else altogether!  After all, attorneys were expected to believe their clients, no matter how stupid or insane those clients were.  Attorneys got paid to do so.  But what was the incentive for this new delusional belief by the members of his family?  Certainly not money or a client relationship!  What were they gaining by it, other than an inevitable visit to a psychiatrist’s office?
In short, what had that crazy Mr. Noel done to his once-normal family?


Jack’s incredulity over the transformation of his family was just the beginning.  What he witnessed throughout Afton over the next few days was just as incredible, if not more so.  During the first few days, some of the residents of Afton still glared at him on sight, or simply yielded to their baser side and swore at him.  Jack considered such behavior to be normal and understandable, and was relieved to see it.  But the other reactions he witnessed gave him serious cause for worry.
Some of the townspeople now treated him with incredible, unbelievable respect, almost as if he were a god.  If he were out on the street, many of them would come rushing up to him to gush their thanks over and over, and in the midst of tears, sobs and general blubbering, lavish praise on him for having restored their faith in Christmas.  And then they would go on and on about how they had received an email from Mr. Noel.  Finally, before he could say anything in response, they would run insanely off, saying they were in a hurry to return all their Christmas presents to the store, since they now knew that Santa would be bringing the presents and they didn’t need to buy any.
Nor did such encounters decrease with time.  In fact, they tended to increase.  After one such encounter with Joe Flootie, owner of the lawn company that had reposed Jack’s grass just the week before, Jack returned home shortly thereafter to find his lawn restored, as green as ever! (In spite of the surrounding mounds of winter snow).  The same thing happened to the roof shingles that had been repossessed by Lane Roofing, and the window shutters that had been repossessed by Shifty Shutters.  Each reappeared on his house as if by magic, after the business owners evidently received an email from Mr. Noel.
News reporters were swarming through Afton as thick as before, but this time their focus was not on the townspeople’s hatred of Jack and an old coot claiming to be Santa Claus.  On the contrary, each report now was one of general incredulity that an entire town was apparently going berserk.  It seemed that every interviewed resident of Afton would gush about the email they received from Santa, which had convinced them that he was real.  If the reporter valued his life, he wouldn’t follow up with too many questions about the sanity of the person he was interviewing.  More than one 6:00 o’clock news report where the reporter made such a rash attempt ended in violence.  One even showed an attack on the camera crew by a resident of Afton brandishing a string of Christmas lights.  The crew made a quick dash to safety, leaving the camera still running.  For the next half hour, the same camera showed the crew hanging desperately to the branches of the town’s decorated tree in town square, dangling like automated Christmas ornaments, while some of the frenzied residents of Afton yelled at them from the bottom.  (Of course, no real Christmas ornament would have EVER used the language of the crew in the tree, as they yelled back).  
In short order, most reporters made desperate requests to interview accused murderers, angry sports crowds, or pre-school children—ANYTHING to avoid an assignment to Afton.  Too many of their friends were convalescing in the hospital.
Of course, the news stations themselves weren’t overly concerned.  On the contrary, they were euphoric over the wonderful increase in their ratings.  The growing insanity in Afton was big news, and seemed to be getting even bigger every day.  Soon, even the nationwide networks started making an appearance.  After all, news commentators in New York were far enough away to be safe from the mortal danger faced by their contemporaries in the field in Afton.  
And still looming larger than life at the center of all the media attention—only as a hero this time rather than as the insane culprit—was Jack Parsons.  Dozens of reporters hovered constantly in front of his door, waiting anxiously for him to come out to retrieve his newspaper, shovel snow off his new grass (which had turned from green to brown in a few hours, due to the low temperatures), or to get his mail.  And the barrage of questions they threw at him grew wilder and wilder.
“Mr. Parsons, is it true that your deluded client conducted mass hypnotism on the residents of Afton in town hall, and made them believe they saw him fly around the inside of the building on Rudolph?”  
 “Mr. Parsons, did your client pass out Christmas chocolates and candy canes which contained a mind-altering drug to Afton’s residents at last Saturday’s deposition?”  
“Mr. Parsons, is it true that you have dozens of magical elves in your basement that go out at night and warp the minds of Afton’s residents?”  
“Mr. Parsons, is Mr. Noel really an alien with the power to make people believe in Santa Claus, as part of an intergalactic plot to take over Afton, then enslave the world?”
Jack, of course, was usually speechless at such questions.  All he could do was gargle some unintelligible reply that reporters quickly transformed into anything from admissions of having mind-altering powers to confessions of his own insanity.
Not surprisingly, Jack quickly took to spending all day in his house.  Let the newspapers and mail and snow pile up outside—that was better than being badgered by all those reporters!  So what if the receptionist from his office building in Salt Lake called every 20 minutes to say that there was a line of questionable looking characters lined up in front of his office, wanting a consultation.  These new, potential clients had obviously seen the many news reports, and considered him to be the only attorney in the world who would take their case.  “One of them claims to be the Easter bunny!” said the receptionist in a frightened voice in her last call.  “And another claims he is President Coolidge come back to life—and he looks like it too!!”  
But the last thing in the world Jack wanted was another client like Mr. Noel.  He may have paid Jack lots of money, but what the old coot had done to his family and neighbors was unforgivable.  More than once, Jack’s mind contemplated the heretofore unbelievable thought that there were indeed things in the world more important than money.
As the days passed, the emails from Mr. Noel kept coming to the residents of Afton.  Many of them, of course, had initially refused to believe any of it, so they didn’t bother to send an email at first.  But as more of their neighbors and friends came to them with crazy stories of how they had come to believe in Santa, their curiosity got the best of them.  And once they sent an email of their own, their doom was sealed.  Somehow, in an incredible way that Jack could not comprehend, the old geezer had the ability to transform Jack’s once-normal, standoffish, grumpy neighbors into sniveling, slobbering weirdos who actually believed that there WAS a Santa.  But their belief didn’t stop there.  They also believed that he was making toys with elf power at the north pole, and that he somehow had the capacity to travel the world over, visiting 6 billion people in one night, in a flying sleigh pulled by animals that God had never intended to fly.
And then suddenly it was Saturday again, Christmas Eve, the day appointed by Mr. Noel for everyone who still didn’t believe to go to city hall where he had promised to make another appearance.  A full hour before the appointed time of 10:00 o’clock, the place was packed.  Every resident of Afton was there.  All of these new believers wanted to get another glimpse of Santa—the REAL Santa, that they had only come to believe in for the first time since they were about 5 years old.  The atmosphere was as opposite from that of the previous Saturday as it was possible for it to be.  There was glee, merry-making and smiles on every face.  There was so much barely-contained good will dripping from the place that it threatened to explode.
And explode it did when Jack walked in the door.  To his utter astonishment, he received a standing ovation from the very people that only a week before had wanted to dance on his grave.  They whistled, screamed, and again started gushing their thanks over and over with such a wave of general blubbering that poor Jack was fairly drenched by the time he reached the raised platform at the front of the hall.
But that was nothing compared to the reception the town gave Mr. Noel when he stepped out from where he had mysteriously appeared in the back hall.  There was an initial hush as every eye gaped at him hungrily, as if their feeble minds were still boggled that he was really Santa.  And then came such a crash of shouting, screaming, hat-throwing, dancing, whistling and fainting that several of the windows shattered, and the local ambulance was quickly overloaded with hyperventilation victims.
And Mr. Noel played it up for all it was worth.  He appeared this time in full Santa dress, complete with red suit and hat, and a bulging bag which obviously contained many presents.  His cheeks were ruddy, and his bulging stomach (‘How did he gain so much weight so fast?’ asked Jack to himself in amazement) did indeed jiggle like a bowl full of jelly.  And then he added the final touch—such a bellowing of ‘Ho-Ho-Ho’s’ that everyone in the place started to scream even louder, and the fainting victims doubled.
After several minutes of general bedlam, during which Jack held his hands over his ears, and several of the watching television companies suffered irreparable damage to their sound equipment, Mr. Noel raised his hand for silence.  The towns people were unable to stop their merriment in mid-scream, and it took several minutes for the bedlam to subside into a dull roar.  But Santa kept his hand up.  Apparently he wanted total silence, so he could be heard.  It took awhile, but finally there was a hush in the hall—an expectant hush that threatened to explode at any moment.
“I am gratified to see you all here,” said Mr. Noel with a twinkle in his eyes that set the crowd to roaring again.  Raising his hand again for silence, he continued.
“You don’t know how much this means to me,” he said in a voice that Jack recognized only too well as being on the verge of blubbering.  “For many years now, I have hoped for this day.  To see so many of you believing again is beyond description …”  He wiped a tear from his eyes.  “You have certainly made an old toy maker very happy indeed!”
There was general bedlam again as the throng broke into another wave of cheering.  Mr. Noel patiently waited for it to subside, still holding up his hand for silence.
“I won’t detain you long today,” he continued at last.  “As you can well imagine, I have a GREAT DEAL of work still to do at the north pole, to be ready for my possible visit here tomorrow night.”  
There was general bedlam again, but confusion too.  What did he mean by that reference to it being a ‘possible’ visit?
“As you know, I filed my lawsuit to force all of you to confront something you would  never have otherwise faced—namely, my existence.  And I am gratified to say that the emails I have received from you have justified my belief that people in the world—and particularly the people here in Afton—have good hearts, and want to believe, deep down inside.”
“And so, it is with some reluctance that I must make mention of a somewhat unhappy fact at this time of your greatest merriment.”
There was complete silence in the hall now.  What was the old guy saying?  What could be wrong now?  Didn’t they all believe?  What more could he want?
“I promised you last Saturday that I will visit Afton tonight and deliver presents if ALL of you come to believe in me …” continued Mr. Noel slowly.  “And almost all of you do.  The level of belief has become almost universal.  But it is not quite complete.”
There was a murmur across the hall.  Confused and anxious faces turned to each other, each voicing the same question.  Who still did not believe?  How could they NOT believe, in light of all that happened in the last week?
“It is now my sad duty to report,” continued Mr. Noel unhappily, “that I will NOT be able to come to Afton tonight—no matter how badly I want to do so, and no matter how badly you want me to—unless EVERY SINGLE RESIDENT OF AFTON BELIEVES IN ME.”
There was deathly silence now.  Every person leaned forward in his chair.  Not only could you have heard a pin drop, but it would have sounded louder than an exploding cannon.
“There is still one of you—and only one, thank heaven—that does not believe,” said Mr. Noel in a barely audible whisper.  “I have done all I can to help that person believe, but they still resist me.  I stand ready even now for them to have the same experience that all of you have had, but to no avail.  This person is one of the most stubborn that I have ever known …”
The unspoken question on everyone’s mind was so loud, it was fairly shouted.  Who was it?  Who was this infidel, this defiant person, this poison in the midst of purity?  How dare he or she disbelieve when belief could be obtained so easily, as all of them had done?  How dare he or she dash their hopes of Santa’s coming that night by their stubborn resistance to every entreaty?  Who was it?  WHO WAS IT?
And then, as if in slow motion, Mr. Noel turned to look straight at Jack Parsons.  And every person in that hall now KNEW who it was.
Slowly Mike Bracker raised his mighty frame from where he had been occupying half of one of the hall’s benches.  And clenching his mighty fists, he bellowed in a voice that was so loud that it shattered the few remaining pieces of glass still intact in the building. 
He said only three words: 
“I’LL KILL HIM!!!”

CHAPTER TEN

Margo Parsons walked from the kitchen into the bedroom after having answered the phone for the 100th time that night.  Grumpily she banged a plate containing a single, stale piece of bread on top of the dresser.
“Here’s your dinner,” she said roughly, even though there was no one visible in the room.  “That was the bank president on the phone.  He said tomorrow he’s going to re-start the foreclosure proceedings on our house that he started a week and a half ago, and then stopped when he found out that Mr. Noel is really Santa Claus.  We’re STILL late on our last house payment, you know.”  She sat down angrily on the bed.
A tremulous voice came suddenly from underneath the bed.  “I can’t remember now if he’s related to Mike Bracker or not.  Is he?”
“Unfortunately not,” Margo replied hotly.
“So did you tell him that it’s not worth foreclosing because Flip Garzo is going to start ripping out all our appliances again due to nonpayment, like he started to do before?  Or that Dustin Floor Coverings is going to repossess all our carpets for the second time?”
“No, I didn’t,” Margo said flatly.  “Nor did I mention that Joe Flootie intends to once again uproot and repossess every blade of grass we haven’t paid for.  Honey, why didn’t you just do the simple, obvious thing and send an email to Mr. Noel asking if he was really Santa?  That’s what all the rest of us in town did, and we all got our answer!  Why do you have to be so stubborn?”
A head popped out from under the bed skirt.  “I DID do that—but it didn’t work.”
“Really?” Margo replied in surprise.  “You never told me you tried.  Why didn’t it work?  What happened?”
“Well,” began Jack slowly, his eyes darting hungrily to the stale bread on the dresser, “I asked him if he was really Santa Claus, and he answered right away.  He told all about the ‘Super Secret Spy Game’ I really wanted as a kid, and how he was sorry he couldn’t bring it to me because I accidently yanked the beard off a store Santa right before Christmas which made me stop believing in him.”
“You never told me about that!” said Margo.  “So you didn’t get the game, huh?  That’s just like what happened to me!  I wanted the Marjorie Marmalade doll that came with 10 different working credit cards, but I didn’t get it!  And nobody knew about it but Santa!”
“Marjorie Marmalade?” repeated Jack in surprise.  “You mean, like orange flavor?”
“No, strawberry,” said Margo matter-of-factly.  “So why didn’t it work for you?  It did for me and everyone else in town!  After all, how can you disbelieve when he tells you something no one else in the whole world knows about?”
Jack’s head disappeared back under the bed.  “It was just too much for my trained, legal mind to take,” he responded.  “Santa Claus can’t be real—that’s ridiculous!”
“Ridiculous?!” cried Margo.  “How can it be ridiculous when he does the impossible?  Even a warped so-called ‘legal mind’ like yours should be able to figure that out!”
“My mind is not warped,” said Jack defensively.  “It was shaped into the needle sharp, lethal instrument it is today by three years of law school!  I can’t just defy all that legal training and accept a fairy tale as reality!”
“But honey!” cried Margo, reaching under the bedskirt and yanking Jack’s needle head out with a few audible popping sounds, “you once told me that it was your DUTY, based on your legal training, to believe in your client even if he was nuts!  It should be easier for you to believe in him if you find out he’s telling the truth, not harder!”
 Jack’s eyes screwed up in deep thought.  Then he said simply, “Incredible or not—impossible or not—miraculous or not—I simply CANNOT believe there is a real Santa Claus!  Mr. Noel is a great paying client who has a gift for convincing people that he’s someone he’s not.  I firmly believe in him as a paying client—but NOT as the real Santa Claus.”
Margo gazed down at her husband for a moment.  Then she suddenly dropped his head with a loud thump and stood up.  “You’re absolutely hopeless,” she said in exasperation.  “All you still care about is the money, which you’ll gladly take from him no matter how crazy you think he is!  And not only do you think he’s a nut, but you think everyone who believes in him is nuts too!  Including me!!”
Jack smiled condescendingly.  “Don’t feel bad about it, honey.  There’s lots of coo-coos running around!  In fact, if everybody in the world submitted to psychological testing, they’d have to turn ‘funny farms’ into ‘normal farms,’ and lock up the sane ones for their own safety!”
“Don’t ‘honey’ me!” yelled Margo, looking around desperately for something she could grab and throw at him.  Seeing his danger, Jack’s head quickly disappeared back under the bed skirt.
Before Margo could find a weapon (and to Jack’s tremendous relief), the phone rang.  Still smoldering, Margo headed for the door.  “It’s probably Pete from Shifty Shutters, calling to tell us he's coming to yank all the shutters off again. He’s related to Mike Bracker, you know.”
“Tell him I’m indisposed,” mumbled Jack from under the bed.  “Until Christmas is over.”
Shaking her head in disgust, Margo stormed out of the room, grabbing the plate with the stale bread on her way.  “The neighbor's dog deserves it more than he does,” she muttered to herself as she slammed the door behind her.

After several more silent hours under the bed, Jack decided the coast might be sufficiently clear for him to come out.  Knowing what likely awaited him on the outside world, he normally would not have reached such a high level of courage so soon.  But the floor was hard as a rock, and his back pain had reached the excruciating level.
Jack scooted cautiously out from under the bed, and slowly stood up.  It felt heavenly on his sore muscles.  Approaching the window, he was surprised to see that his lawn was still intact, and no removal or repossession trucks were parked outside.  Other than the usual lingering reporter who was hoping for something juicy to happen that he could quickly spread to the world, there was no one in sight.
“That’s odd,” mumbled Jack to himself, rubbing his chin in thought.  “Where’s all the towns people who hate me so much?”  He felt almost disappointed (almost).
Jack treaded gingerly to the door, and listened carefully.  Not a sound came from outside.  Where was Margo and the kids?  Had they secretly invited Mike Bracker into the living room, and were now keeping quiet in an effort to lull him out under a false sense of security?  Dared he go out?  But if he didn’t, wouldn’t he starve?  His stomach had been rumbling like a dump truck the last hour.  Which was more important—a head that wasn’t caved in by Mike Bracker, or a stomach that was satisfied? 
After another moment of indecision, Jack gingerly eased the door open.  He used to run track in school.  Maybe he could outrun Mike Bracker.  Besides, what good was an intact skull if you couldn’t eat?
The hall was as deathly quiet as the rest of the house.  Shadows stretched down its length.  There didn’t appear to be a light on in the house.  Had everyone gone out?  But where would they go, on Christmas Eve?
Jack dropped to his knees, then cautiously approached the entranceway to the living room.  If they were waiting for him, they’d expect him to peek around the corner at eye level, not from down here.  It was an old trick he had learned as a kid, sneaking out early Christmas morning to get a peek at all the presents.
The living room was dark and silent.  Where could everyone be?  Cautiously, Jack crept into the room.  Not a soul was around.  The Christmas tree still stood in the corner with its ugly, child-made decorations dangling from the branches.  There were no presents under it yet.  Jack knew that Margo usually hid them around the house, in places no one usually looked (One year, Jack had found two in the freezer.  Both turned out to be flannel pajamas). 
Jack carefully peeked out the front window at Mike Bracker’s house across the street.  He saw no one in sight.  He looked back across the living room.  Usually Jessica and Stephen were bouncing off the walls by this time on Christmas Eve.  Where were they?  The house was quiet as a tomb.
Suddenly the telephone rang.  The unexpected sound was so loud that Jack jumped back, startled.  He flipped over the lamp table and landed on the floor, with the lamp shade falling on his head.
The telephone kept ringing.  If anyone was in the house, that would bring them.  But no one came.  With some effort Jack untangled himself from the lamp shade and stumbled over to the phone.  He reached to pick it up, then hesitated.  It was probably just another reporter wanting to ask some silly question.  If not that, it would be one of the residents of Afton making a death threat.  After all, who would call him with something nice to say?
The phone kept ringing.  There was something about a ringing phone that always gave Jack an overpowering urge to pick it up.  To avoid answering was like not looking at an accident while driving down the road, or not eating the last grape on a vine otherwise picked clean.  Who could it be?  Maybe Jack had won the lottery, and they were calling to notify him!  Or maybe a rich uncle had died, and he was being called to be told the ‘sad’ news.
“No, I’m not going to answer!” said Jack to himself, out loud.  “I know I’ll regret it if I do.  Besides, all my uncles have declared bankruptcy.”  
After about 20 rings, the phone went silent.  A wave of relief washed over Jack.  He had successfully resisted the temptation!  He went over and sat down on the couch.  What had happened to his family?  More importantly, what had Mr. Noel done to them, and to all of his neighbors in Afton?  The old coot was like a contagious disease.  He had somehow infected everyone in Afton with his own insanity.
The phone rang again, causing Jack to jump up involuntarily from the couch.  He knew he wasn’t strong enough to resist answering it for another 20 rings.  “Blasted phone!” he grumbled, as he walked over and grabbed it.  “Hello?!” he barked in a harsh voice.
“Jack?” said a female voice on the other end.  “I’m so glad it’s you.  I’ve been trying to call.”
Jack’s slow mind felt like it had been stabbed by an icicle.  Wasn’t that Mrs. Sluft’s voice?  She had been trying to call him?  Was it to tell him she'd hired Will Pane again, to go after him?
“I wanted to call you about … well …” Mrs. Sluft’s voice trailed off.  When she spoke again, her voice trembled.  “I wanted to call about everything that’s been happening lately.”
“Happening?” said Jack dumbly.  His slow mind was racing to catch up.  "What do you mean?"
“I wanted to …” began Mrs. Sluft.  “I wanted to apologize to you.”
Jack was so shocked his hand slipped, and he poked himself in the eye with the phone antennae.  “Apologize?” he blurted stupidly.
“Yes,” said Mrs. Sluft in a trembling voice.  “I see now that I … well, the truth is, I … Oh drat!” she suddenly exclaimed in the harsh tone that Jack was more familiar with.  “This isn’t easy for me.  I’ve lived my life in a way that’s … well … this just isn’t easy!  But I just wanted to apologize and to thank you.”
Jack’s feeble mind was in molasses mode again.  “You are thanking me?” he said in amazement, rubbing the eye that had been poked.  “For what?”
“For taking Mr. Noel’s case,” said Mrs. Sluft.  “For bringing him into my life.  For having the courage to do something to help people see the things they needed to see, so they could change.  I feel like I have something new that’s come back to my life.  I have Christmas again!  I have hope again!  I have belief again!  And it’s all because of you and Mr. Noel!”
“Golly!” mumbled Jack.  Then he blurted without thinking, “I thought you hated me because I don’t believe Mr. Noel is Santa!”
“No, I don’t hate you!” said Mrs. Sluft in a surprisingly soft voice.  “I know you don’t believe in him, and that’s o.k.  And whether you believe or not isn’t important anyway.  What IS important, at least to me, is that Christmas has come back into my life.  It doesn’t matter whether Mr. Noel comes tomorrow morning and leaves anything under my tree.  This is my first Christmas in over forty years!  And Mr. Noel has already given me my present.  I don’t want anything else.  Except … except for one thing.  I was hoping you would forgive me.”
“Forgive you?!” blurted Jack.
“That’s right,” said Mrs. Sluft.  “For hiring Mr. Pane to make your life miserable, and for all the awful things I said against you.  I know I haven’t been very nice, and I won’t blame you if you don’t forgive me.  But I had to ask.”
This was impossible!  Cruel, heartless Mrs. Sluft was calling HIM, and asking for forgiveness!  Was he dreaming?  Maybe that’s why there was no one in sight, and his family had disappeared.  He was having a dream!
And boy, what a nightmare it was!  When people who were supposed to be mean and cruel started being nice it was like the world had turned upside down.  After all, if you couldn’t rely on a snide comment from your enemy, what was the world coming to?
“What do you think, Jack?” said Mrs. Sluft in a pleading voice.  It sounded so unlike her that it made Jack’s skin crawl.  “Won’t you forgive me?”
Just then the doorbell rang, startling Jack.  He turned swiftly and smashed his toe into the lamp table.
“Oh, crumb!” he yelled.
“What was that?” asked Mrs. Sluft.
“Nothing,” mumbled Jack through his pain.  “Someone’s at the door, that’s all.”
“Well, I’ll let you go then,” said Mrs. Sluft.  “But please think it over.  By the way, I’m having a Christmas dinner tonight for anyone who wants to come.  I’ve already fed a roomful of starving news reporters.  You and your family are invited, and I hope you can make it.  Have a Merry Christmas, and I hope I hear from you soon!  Good-bye!”
There was a click on the other end of the line.  Jack just stared at the phone as if it just told him it needed a diaper change.
The doorbell rang again, more insistently this time.  Who could that be?  Where was Margo?  What was going on?
Jack limped over to the door and yanked it open.  He instantly regretted doing so.  Mike Bracker was standing there, his massive frame filling the door so completely that only an inch of twilight peeked over his shoulder.
Jack stumbled back involuntarily, dropping the phone with a clatter.
“Hello, Jack,” said Mike in a surprisingly soft voice.
It sounded to Jack like the soft voice a killer uses right before he decapitates his victim.
Jack turned to run—but Mike’s massive hand suddenly and very firmly gripped his shoulder.  He was helpless!
“Jack,” said Mike again in that amazingly soft voice.  “I need to talk with you for a minute.”  With almost no effort, Mike shifted his grip on Jack’s shoulder and spun him around like a rag doll.  Jack stared up at his enemy in terror.  He couldn’t escape!  This was the end!  And on Christmas Eve, too!  He hadn’t even had a chance to say good-bye to Margo and the kids!
Jack blurted out the first thing that came into his mind.  “But I don’t have any insurance!”  Images of hospital beds, plaster casts and extensive dental work flashed through his mind.  Mr. Noel’s retainer wouldn’t even come close to covering the cost (although it probably could cover a funeral).
“Jack!” Mike stammered, his eyes falling.  “I’ve come to …”  The big oaf paused, struggling for words.  “I’ve come to apologize.”
Jack just gaped in return.  What was going on?  First Mrs. Sluft, and now Mike Bracker!  This was unthinkable!
“I’ve been very unkind,” said Mike.  “I guess I haven’t been a good neighbor.  I’m sorry.”
“Sorry?” screeched Jack in a squeaky high girl’s voice.  “You’re telling me you’re sorry?” he blurted.
“Yeah,” mumbled Mike.  For the first time he looked up, and Jack was shocked to see that Mike’s eyes were moist!  He was on the verge of tears!
“Please forgive me,” said Mike softly, “for threatening you and Mr. Noel.”
Jack just gaped.  Then in a sudden wave of unexpected compassion, he blurted, “Are you o.k.?  Has an old football concussion become active again?”
Mike just smiled faintly.  “I’m fine, Jack,” he said pleasantly.  “In fact, I’m better than fine!  For the first time in years I’m looking forward to Christmas!”
“But … but …” Jack spluttered, spraying Mike with saliva.  “What about Mr. Noel not coming, because I don’t believe in him?”
“That’s o.k.,” said Mike.  “At least for me, it is.  Mr. Noel already gave me a bigger present than anything he could put under my tree tomorrow morning.  He gave me hope again, and belief.”
Mike reached out his other mighty hand and gripped Jack’s other shoulder, then shook Jack gently in an obvious display of affection.  To Jack it felt like he was being shaken so hard that all of his bones rattled.  “I’ve got YOU to thank for it,” said Mike.  “Even though I never treated you very well and was never a good neighbor, you gave me something absolutely wonderful.  You gave me Mr. Noel, and he gave me my life again.”
Mike released his grip on Jack and the lack of pressure on Jack’s shoulders was so great he nearly collapsed.
“Well, I’ve got to get home,” said Mike.  “The wife’s fixing a special Christmas dinner.  You’re welcome to come if you want.”  Jack just spluttered incoherently.  Mike then retreated down the steps and crossed the street to his house.  At his door, he turned and waved back at Jack.  Poor Jack was still too stupefied to wave in return.
Slowly Jack closed the door.  Stumbling over the phone, he headed back into the living room.  “This isn’t a dream,” he said.  “It’s finally, really happened.  I’ve lost my marbles!  Maybe he belted me so hard my mind blocked it out, and now I don’t know what’s happening anymore.”
He slumped down on the couch and buried his head in his hands.  For Mike Bracker to apologize and say ‘thank you’ was like a grizzly bear going back and apologizing to a beehive it had just ripped to shreds.
“Jack,” said a sudden voice from a few feet away.  Jack jerked his head up.  He hadn’t seen anyone come in!
Margo was standing in front of him, and she had something in her hands.  There was no question she was going to throw it at him.  Instinctively, Jack flinched and raised his arms in self defense. 
But she didn’t throw it.  Lowering his hands, Jack saw that it was a plate of food!  There were several slices of roast turkey, some stuffing and potatoes au graten, and some tasty looking cranberry sauce.
She held it out to Jack.  “This is for you,” she said softly.  “I didn’t have time to cook anything so I got it from the restaurant.”
“For me?” stammered Jack.  He reached out his hands—then jerked them back. It was obviously a trick.  Maybe the plate was so hot it would burn his hands.  Maybe the food was poisoned.  Maybe she’d just sprinkled it heavily with Cayenne pepper or garlic.
“Oh, Jack!” Margo suddenly cried, putting the plate down on the lamp table and coming over to give him a big hug.  “I’m so sorry!”  Jack stared at her in amazement.  She was in tears!
“Sorry?” he mumbled stupidly.  “For what?”
“For being so mean to you,” she responded.  “For saying so many unkind things.  For not respecting you, and for not believing in you.  Please forgive me!  You’ll forgive me, won’t you?”
Jack suddenly jerked out of her arms and jumped up.  There was a wild, crazed look in his eye.  “This can’t be happening!” he cried.  “I’m really losing it!  First Mrs. Sluft, then Mike Bracker, now you, all asking me to forgive them!  Has everyone gone mad?”  Margo just stared in reply.  Her tear-stained eyes held a pleading look that tore Jack’s heart out.
“Don’t look at me like that!” yelled Jack.  Losing control, he started to flail his arms wildly.  “Yell at me!  Swear at me!  Throw something at me!  Just treat me normal!”
“I can’t do that, Jack,” said Margo.  “I’m sorry that I’ve caused you so much pain.  Mr. Noel has made me realize—“
“Mr. Noel!” screamed Jack.  “He’s infected everyone in this town with insanity!  He turned everyone against me, and now everyone’s coming back and instead of beating me to a pulp like they should, they’re being nice!  I just can’t take it!  I need for people to treat me like an idiot!  After all, that’s what I'm used to!”
“No, Jack!” said Margo, her eyes gushing new tears.  She came up to him and gently took his hand.  “Please don’t say that!  You’ve saved us all!  You brought Mr. Noel into our lives!  Maybe your motives were a bit off, but I know you deep down inside.  You wouldn’t have taken his case just for the money if you didn’t think he had something to offer!  You believed in him!  You were the only one that did!  Not as Santa, but as a person, who deserved to make his claim!”  She leaned over and kissed him on the cheek.  “You did the right thing, Jack.  And I want to thank you for it.”
“But what about Christmas!” spluttered Jack.  “What about Santa not coming because I don’t believe in him?!”
Margo smiled faintly.  “That doesn’t matter,” she said.  “He’s already given us our present.  He delivered a present to every person in Afton!  It was something more precious than anything that could have been wrapped in a box and put under a tree.  He gave us hope, and belief and caring.”
Jack slumped into a chair.  “I don’t get this,” he mumbled to no one in particular.  “I just don’t understand.”
Margo retrieved the dinner plate from the table and held it out to him.  “Here,” she said softly.  “Have something to eat.  That’ll help you feel better.  And don’t worry about things.  Just relax, and enjoy Christmas.
Before Jack could answer, the phone rang.  Margo answered it.  “Yes, he’s here,” she said, “but he’s eating dinner at the moment.  Uh huh.  Right. O.k., I’ll tell him.”  She hung up.
“That was the bank president on the phone.  He said he’s stopped foreclosure proceedings on the house.  And he wanted to thank you for restoring his belief in Santa and in Christmas, and to ask your forgiveness for threatening to foreclose.”
“The bank president?” Jack repeated stupidly.
The phone rang again.  Margo once again went to answer it.  From the conversation Jack overheard, it was obvious that it was another person in town calling—not to threaten dismemberment of Jack as was the case just that morning, but once more to thank him for bringing Mr. Noel into that person’s life, and to ask forgiveness for being unkind to Jack.
“Daddy,” said a voice suddenly at Jack’s side.  Turning around, he saw Jessica and Stephen standing by the side of the couch.
“Where have you been?” asked Jack.
“Well, I was at Susie’s,” said Jessica.
“And I was at Tom’s house,” said Stephen.
“On Christmas Eve?” said Jack in surprise.  “You went to your friends’ houses?”
“Well, Mom wasn’t here,” said Stephen slowly, “and you were … well …”
“Daddy, I’m sorry,” said Jessica suddenly.
“Sorry for what?” said Jack.
“For not believing you at first, about Mr. Noel being Santa,” said Jessica.  “And after I found out he really was Santa, for getting mad at you when you didn’t believe in him.”
“You, too!” exclaimed Jack.  “You’re saying you’re sorry, even though you believe Mr. Noel won’t come tomorrow because of me?”  Jack’s mind reeled.  It was one thing for grownups to say they didn’t mind if Santa didn’t come and bring them presents.  But for such a thing to come from the mouths of his children was unthinkable!
“That’s o.k.,” said Stephen.  “We don’t mind.  I mean, it would be nice to get presents from him.  But it’s even nicer to know that he’s real!  He really does fly across the world on a sleigh pulled by reindeer, bringing presents to everyone!  He really does have a factory at the North Pole with elves working on toys all day!  He really does know me and watch me, and want to bring me presents!”
“But surely you’ll get something,” said Jack.  “Mom’s always got a lot of great presents stashed away on Christmas Eve.”
“Oh no, she doesn’t,” said Jessica.  “She took them all back to the store this past week.  She knew Santa would be coming, so she didn’t need to keep them!”
Jack stared at his wife in shock.  She had just gotten off the phone from another call by a resident of Afton, expressing gratitude to Jack.  “You didn’t!” said Jack, aghast.  “All the presents?!  Gone?!”
Margo simply nodded.
Jack erupted from his chair as if it had spit him out.  “Let’s hurry!” he cried.  “We’ve got to go out to the store right away!  We’ve got to get those presents back!  We can’t just get up on Christmas morning and have nothing for these little guys!”
Jessica suddenly took his hand.  “No, Daddy,” she said in a pleading voice.  “Please don’t.”
Jack stared down at his daughter, shocked at the begging look in her eyes.  Then he looked at Stephen, and was amazed that he had the same look in his eyes as Jessica.  This was unbelievable!  How could his children not want presents on Christmas morning!  Somehow Mr. Noel had so infected his children’s minds that they no longer had normal childhood Christmas greed!  That was downright unhealthy!
“I can’t take this anymore!” said Jack grumpily as he stumped off towards the garage door.  “Where are my keys?  I’ve got to go out and buy some presents!”
Cries of “No, please!!!” came from every member of his family.  Jack stared at them in amazement.  Then a new idea began to dawn on him.  “So that’s it!” he cried suddenly.  “You’re trying to get me to believe in him!  It’s not too late, is it?  If I still believe in him, you think he will still come!  That’s what you’re hoping for, isn’t it?”
Margo didn’t respond, and neither did Stephen.  But Jessica was more truthful.  She nodded her head up and down, ‘yes.’
“But it’s not going to happen, pumpkin!” cried Jack, crossing over to her.  “I can’t just start to believe something that crazy!  I’ve tried, but I just can’t do it!”
“If I don’t get presents from Santa himself,” said Jessica in a quavering voice, “then I don’t want any at all!”
“That’s right,” chipped in Stephen.  “What fun is a store-bought present, when you know Santa made one just for you?  Taking anything else would be like selling out on my best friend!”  
Jack stared around at his family angrily.  “A fine spot you put me in!” he cried.  “I’m expected to do the impossible in order for you to receive the impossible!  But you see, Mr. Noel is not Santa.  He’s not coming whether I believe or not!  We can’t just sit around here and wait!  We’ve got to go quickly to the store!  We can’t have Christmas with no presents!”
Screams and cries of “No! No! Don’t go!” again came from every member of his family.
In exasperation, Jack threw up his hands.  “All right, then!  If you don’t want presents, then I guess we won’t have any presents!  But are you sure that’s what you really want?”  Everyone in the family nodded at him.
Jack slumped down on the couch again.  “I just can’t figure it!” he mumbled.  “My own family has gone mad!  Where’s the spirit of Christmas?  Where’s the normal greed and selfishness?  I just can’t take all this good will and guilt!”  He buried his face in his hands.
Margo came up and took his hand.  “I saw Santa Claus today!” she said in a voice of wonder.  “The real Santa Claus!  That was present enough for me.  And after knowing he’s real, like Stephen said, I could never accept a Christmas present bought from a store.  It doesn’t matter whether he comes or not.  I don’t blame you at all for not believing.  We’re still all together as a family.  And if it weren’t for you, I never would have come to know there’s a real Santa!”
Jack looked at her as if a brussel sprout had suddenly popped out between her front teeth.  “Has everyone gone crazy?!” he suddenly cried.  “I file a lawsuit claiming that my client is Santa Claus, and now everybody else but me actually believes it!”
Margo leaned over and kissed him with a smile.  “Not only do we believe it, but we thank you for it too.  It’s restored our innocence, and our belief in Christmas.  There may be no presents tomorrow, but the spirit of Christmas has already come to Afton.”  She reached over and picked up his dinner plate, then passed it to him.  “Here,” she said simply.  “Eat your dinner.”
Jack just gaped at the insane members of his family.  “This can’t be happening!” he mumbled.  Just then the phone rang.  A split second later there was a knock at the door.  “I’ll get the phone!” said Margo, racing over to it. 
“And I’ll get the door,” said Stephen, heading toward it.  “It’s probably more people in town wanting to thank Dad!”
Jack stared stupidly down at his dinner plate.  Finally he picked up his fork and stabbed it into his turkey.
After all, what else was he to?
CHAPTER ELEVEN

It was dark.  Jack had tossed and turned through most of the night.  Images of Jessica’s pleading eyes kept flickering through his mind.  There were other images too.  One was of Mr. Noel wearing a leather jacket, and riding on the back of a flying Harley-Davidson shaped like a reindeer with a shiny red nose.  He was pulling presents out of a backpack and tossing them down chimneys.  Suddenly out of one of the chimneys there popped the ugly face of Will Pane.  He shook his fist at Mr. Noel and yelled at him.
And then there was the image of Mike Bracker running for a touchdown on the football field.  He was knocking over reporters and Jack’s neighbors as he went.  But when he reached the end zone, instead of carrying a football he was carrying a bouquet of roses!  Mrs. Sluft was there to meet him, wearing a stinky seaweed bracelet.
Jack was startled out of his fitful sleep by a noise.  He stared around in the dark trying to figure out what he had just heard.  There it was again!  It sounded almost like a clatter on the roof!
A clatter on the roof!  On Christmas Eve night that could only mean one thing—
No, it couldn’t be!  That was simply too much.  Besides, Jack still didn’t believe in him, and the old coot had promised he wouldn’t come unless Jack did.  Jack sunk his head back down in his Pillow.  Margo was still sleeping soundly beside him.  It was Christmas morning, but there wouldn’t be any presents.  Margo had crazily taken them all back to the store, insanely believing that some nut wearing a red suit was going to break into their house and leave valuable stuff instead of robbing them blind!
Of course Jack had to admit that the crazy nut had given him a $10,000 retainer.  Where the old geezer got the money was a serious question.  Probably Jack would get a call any day from a Federal investigator, telling him that it was all stolen and that he’d have to get back.
With this unpleasant thought in his mind, Jack rolled over and tried to go back to sleep.  It wasn’t long until he once more dozed off into fitful slumber.  Only this time the images in his head were of dollar bills with wings, taking flight out of his wallet and soaring away through the air while he chased vainly after them …


“Daddy!  Daddy!  Wake up!”
Jack jerked up in bed.  Jessica was standing before him, with Steven right behind her.  Both of them had smiles so big their mouths looked like donuts with one bite taken out.
“He came!  He came!” screamed Jessica.  “Santa Claus came and brought lots of presents!!”
Jack just stared at his two kids, his feeble, slow mind still not quite grasping what was going on.  Margo on the other hand was a little quicker.
“He came?!” she cried, jumping out of bed and throwing on a robe.  “Really?!”
“Yes, Mommy, and you should see all the presents!” answered Jessica.
Margo came over unexpectedly to Jack and gave him a kiss.  “Thank you!  Thank you!  Boy, you sure had me fooled!  All that talk about how you didn’t believe when you really did!”
Before Jack could say a word she raced out of the room hot on the heels of her two children, acting for all the world as if she was their same age.
Jack slowly got out of bed, rubbing his eyes.  “What is going on?” he mumbled to himself.  “The old coot couldn’t have come, because he isn’t Santa.  If there’s presents out there, how did they get there?”  
Jack stumbled down the hall, following the sound of the gleeful voices of his family.  Rounding the corner into the living room, he was astounded to see that what Jessica had said was true.  A glorious spread of presents was laid out beneath the Christmas tree.  The glowing, colored lights of the tree reflected impressively off the red, silver and gold wrapping paper.
And such wrapping paper!  The cheap, see-through-ish stuff one normally found at dollar stores was nothing compared to this!  It looked like each present was literally wrapped in layers of pure gold leaf!
“See, Daddy!” yelled Jessica, her eyes wide with excitement.  “He came!  You believed, so he came!  I knew you would believe!  I just knew it!”
Jack just gawked in reply.  Then he mumbled, “I don’t understand.  How could this have happened?  I don’t believe he’s Santa …”
No one paid any attention to him.  They were too busy reaching eagerly for presents, and sifting through the Christmas pile.  “This one’s yours,” said Stephen to Margo.  “And this one’s mine, and this one’s mine, and this one’s Jessica’s …”
“What are we waiting for?” cried Margo.  “Let’s find out what’s inside!!”
In less than a millisecond, all three were ripping into their presents.  And what glories they uncovered!  Stephen received a two-foot-tall nutcracker.  It was obviously hand carved and painted in beautiful detail, even down to the adolescent pimples on its wooden face.  Jessica received a doll with silk, golden hair that could say “I wanna go baf-room!” in five languages.  It also had the amazing ability to spit up for a distance of seven whole feet!  (which Jack discovered when the doll spit across the room, and hit his pajamas)  Margo received diamond studded earrings, with pure 24 carrot gold fasteners.  They were shaped like chunks of mistletoe bunched up to look like hot lips.
“How can this be?!” mumbled Jack to himself.  “This is impossible!”
“Look!“ cried Stephen, holding up a beefy-looking action figure.  “It’s the new ‘Car-SalesMan,’ who beats up people when they don’t buy his cars!  It’s only made by North Pole toys!”
“And look!!” shrieked Jessica, holding up a brass colored box with silver knobs.  “It’s the new ‘Burn it Yourself’ kid’s oven, complete with six charcoal cake mixes!!”
“And just look at this gorgeous dress!” said Margo, holding up what truly was a fabulous purple velvet dress.  “It looks like it was hand sewn!” her eyes glowed as she turned to look at Jack.  “By elves!” she added.
Jack slapped himself on either side of his face.  “I must be dreaming!” he said.  Jessica laughed.  “You look funny, Daddy!  Why don’t you open one of your presents?”
“My presents!” said Jack in surprise.  “You mean there’s some for me too?”
“I’m sure there is,” said Margo, shuffling around through the boxes, shredded wrapping paper, and what few unopened presents remained on the floor.  Stephen and Jessica also joined in the search.  But with growing amazement, each of them was unable to find any present at all with Jack’s name on it.
“Here’s another one for you, Jessica,” said Stephen, holding out a Barbie doll sized box.
“And here’s another one for you, Stephen,” said Margo, holding out a lumpy package that looked somewhat like a set of flippers and a snorkel.  She looked up at Jack, confusion on her face.  “I can’t find any presents for you at all!” she said.  “I don’t understand.”
“Look,” said Jack slowly, “this is all impossible!  I never believed in Mr. Noel!  I still don’t!  He’s just not Santa Claus!  Someone else must have put all of these presents here.  The people in Afton have been acting so weird lately, maybe it was one of them.  Mrs. Sluft, maybe. She probably went on a huge shopping binge in Salt Lake yesterday, and got all this because she felt sorry for you.  And that’s why there’s nothing for me, because she’s still mad at me.”
“Oh, that’s not true!” said Margo, coming over and giving Jack a hug.  “Mrs. Sluft called and apologized, remember?  She’s not mad at you.  No one in town is!  You got over 300 calls and visits yesterday from people thanking you for bringing Mr. Noel into their lives, and apologizing for being angry with you.”
“And this stuff couldn’t have been bought in Salt Lake,” said Steve.  He came over to show Jack the bottom of his nutcracker.  It had a small gold sticker on the bottom, which said ‘Made at the North Pole.’
Jack laughed humorlessly.  “That’s got to be someone’s idea of a joke!” he said.  “These presents can’t be from Santa—he’s not real!”
There was a sudden shriek from Jessica on the other side of the tree.  “I found it!  I found it!” she cried.  “I found one for Daddy!”
Stumbling over the presents, boxes and wrapping, the rest of the family raced to join her.  And there on the floor behind the tree, partly hidden by a branch, was the biggest, ugliest, most glorious lump of coal Jack had ever seen.
“It can’t be …” he said as he reached out to touch it gingerly.
“But it is!” said Stephen gleefully.  “Look!  Your name’s right there!”
Sure enough, the tag attached to the top part of the lump of coal said plainly, ‘To Jack.  From Mr. Noel.’
“Why, that old coot!” said Jack to himself.  “He brought me a lump of coal!”
Margo and Stephen were laughing.  “I guess he thought that’s what you deserve!” said Margo.
“Do you realize what you just said?!” cried Jessica staring up at Jack with wide eyes.
“What?” said Jack stupidly.  “What did I say?”
“You said Mr. Noel brought this to you!” cried Jessica with a massive smile.  “You believe in him!”
Jack rubbed his chin, his slow mind grinding away.  “I guess I did say that,” he said slowly after a moment.  He looked at each member of his family, his eyes growing wider.  “I did say it!  And you know what?  It’s not a lie!  I believe!  I really believe!  I don’t know why, but I do!”
Margo gave him another hug then raced back to finish opening her presents.
“Too bad about the lump of coal,” said Stephen.  “Maybe you can light it and use it to keep warm.”  Then he raced back to open his presents.
Jack seemed not to have heard them.  “I believe!” he said again, to no one in particular.  “I really believe!”  He gaped around as if seeing the living room and members of his family for the first time.  “I honestly, really, truly believe!  That old geezer is really Santa Claus!”
“That’s nice, Daddy,” said Jessica.  “But would you please take your foot off my new ‘Creepy Crafters’ set?  You’re crushing all the Frankenstein doll heads!”
Jack didn’t even hear her.  Instead he suddenly raced to the door, yanking it open.  He charged out into the early morning dawn in his bare feet, oblivious to the subzero temperatures and falling snow that immediately enveloped him.  “I BELIEVE!!!” screamed Jack at the top of his lungs.  “I BELIEVE IN SANTA CLAUS!!”
No one was in sight.  The reporters that had continuously camped outside his front door were gone.  Even they, lowly creatures that they were, got Christmas off (at least in the morning).
Lights were on in houses up and down the street.  Obviously, many families were enjoying the glories of Christmas morning.  “I believe!!” screamed Jack again, at the top of his lungs.  Racing out to the street, he yelled again, “I believe in Santa Claus!!  I really believe!!”
No one in Afton heard him.  They were all too busy opening their presents.
A warm glow enveloped Jack as the stumbled through the snow drifts back to his front door.  “I believe!  I believe!  I believe!” he kept saying over and over to himself, as if his newfound belief would magically kick the bucket if he didn’t keep repeating it.  Blazing through the front door, Jack caught Margo up in his arms and gave her a tight squeeze.
“I believe!” he said in a squeaky, high girls’ voice that sounded similar to chalk being dragged across a chalkboard.
“That’s wonderful honey,” said Margo.  “I’m thrilled for you.  What do you think of my new reindeer mittens?”  She waved the mittens under Jack’s nose.  They looked exactly like reindeer heads, and each had a shiny red button on the thumb.
“I believe!” responded Jack in a crazed, half hysterical voice, oblivious to the mittens.  Then he announced it again to the room, as if it hadn’t already heard the news.  “I really believe!”
“WOW!” cried Stephen from across the room.  Everyone turned to look where he was sitting, next to Jack’s massive lump of coal.  To their shock, they saw that it was no longer a single block of coal!  Rather, it appeared to have split in half, revealing a cavernous spacious interior—an interior that was not empty!
“It’s on hinges!” said Stephen, looking up at his Dad in excitement.  “There’s presents inside!  Santa brought you some presents after all!”
In wild-eyed glee, Jack raced over to the lump of coal.  “Fantastic!” he cried.  But when he saw what was inside, his face crew somber.  “Wow!” he mumbled in a hardly intelligible voice.  “That can’t be …”
“What is it?” said Margo and Jessica, coming over excitedly to peer inside.
Reverently, Jack reached inside the lump of coal and gingerly pulled out a box.  It was a game box.  On the cover it said ‘SuperSpy.’
Jack looked up at Margo, his eyes welling with tears.  “My SuperSpy game!” he said in amazement.  “Santa brought me the SuperSpy game I wanted as a kid!”
“Cool!” said Stephen.  “It looks almost as old as you do!  Look at that box!”
Margo just beamed at him.  Or at least he thought she did.  For some reason she looked all blurry, as if he was looking at her through the bottom of a glass soda bottle.
“There’s more!” cried Jessica, reaching into the lump of coal.  She pulled out several more presents in glossy wrapping.  They looked just the right size for such things as a wallet, necktie and razor (Jack later learned that this last one was actually a nose hair trimmer—an obvious message from Santa about his hygiene).
“Look!” said Stephen, reaching into the lump of coal.  “Here’s an envelope!”
And indeed it was.  But few such envelopes would ever have passed through the regular mail.  The paper looked so thick and shiny that it really appeared to be made of solid gold leaf.
Reverently Jack took the envelope and slowly opened it.  The sheet he pulled out also looked like gold leaf.  Holding it with trembling hands, Jack read slowly to his family.

Dear Jack:
Well done!  You finally overcame your lawyerly skepticism enough to actually believe in something!  I’m proud of you.
Like the citizens of Afton, I wanted to thank you for taking my case, which brought to pass the miracle I have long hoped for.  Without you, it simply could not have happened.
I want to thank you for something else.  You see, I picked you for a reason.  I knew you would be the last to believe in me, and that your lack of belief would be a trial to everyone else.  There are some things so precious that I cannot give them as gifts, no matter how much I want to.  These are things people must give themselves.  I’m talking about forgiveness and acceptance of others, even when they refuse to be the way we want them to be.  You were the catalyst for the people of Afton to give themselves this gift.  That is more special to me than anything I put under a tree this morning.
Please file a dismissal of the suit, since obviously no one will contest it now.  And as for the remaining money of the $10,000.00 retainer that you hadn’t yet billed for … keep it.  Consider it another Christmas gift from a once-thin ‘old coot,’ as you like to call me.
Hope you liked the lump of coal.  I thought it was very fitting …
Merry Christmas, and see you next year!
Sincerely,

Kris Kringle

PS I’d use some of that retainer to have new shingles put on your roof if I were you.  Donner knocked off a few last night!”

Jack looked up at his family, his eyes moist.  “The old coot …” he said softly.  “He knows I didn’t do a thing for him, in his case.  He did all the work!  All I did was sit around and fuss!”
Margo leaned over and kissed him on the cheek.  “Isn’t that what all good attorneys do?” she asked.  “Anyway, he wanted you to think you were the one doing it all,” she said.  “That was another gift he gave you.  And by believing it, you were giving a gift back to him!”
Jack smiled.  “I guess so …” he said slowly.  He reached out suddenly and enveloped his family in his arms.  “I guess that’s exactly the way it was!”
They were startled by a sudden screeching voice, which cried, “I wanna go baf-room!”  Looking down they saw that Jack had stepped on Jessica’s new doll.
Everyone just looked at one another, and then started to laugh.


Feel free to contact Silas Flint: mailto:silasflint@gmail.com
