‘TWAS THE NIGHT BEFORE DUKE MANFIST SAVED CHRISTMAS
PHIL ELMORE
Published by Ire Press, an imprint of League Entertainment, at Smashwords
Copyright 2011 by League Entertainment LLC
This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents, even those based on real people, are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
All Rights Reserved.
Created by Phil Elmore, John Jackson & Ken Chapman
Cover and Interior Art by Johnny Atomic
Duke Manfist and its fictional characters are trademarks of 
League Entertainment, LLC

CONTENTS
“TITLE & COPYRIGHT”
“PART 1: YOU BETTER NOT SHOUT”
“PART 2: 364 DAYS LATER”
“PART 3: LET’S GET SANTA CLAUS, ‘CAUSE...”
“PART 4: THE KWANZAA ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM”
“PART 5: CHEST, NUTS ROASTING ON AN OPEN FIRE”
“PART 6: GRANDMA GOT RUN OVER BY AN ARMORED PERSONNEL CARRIER”
“PART 7: IT WAS THE NIGHT BEFORE... MY FIST!”
“PART 8: SANTA’S UNION WORKSHIOP”
“ABOUT PHIL ELMORE”
“OTHER DUKE MANFIST TITLES”


PART 1: YOU BETTER NOT SHOUT
Santa Claus took a long swallow from the bottle of Black Velvet, feeling the amber liquor burn the back of his throat. With trembling hands he racked the slide of the 1911 Government Model .45, wishing for the thousandth time that he could be somewhere, anywhere, but here.
Anywhere but Billy Froelich’s house.
His team snorted and pawed nervously, raising shingles from the roof. Santa Claus forced himself to climb down from the sleigh and balance on the roof near the chimney. He took another deep slug of courage before tossing the bottle over the side, into the snow. His cheeks, rosy with exertion already, felt raw and wind-burned. He could not stop sweating. Perspiration had soaked his hat and was trickling down the back of his neck, soiling the red and white fur of his jacket.
On his back, Claus carried his small toy sack. It contained exactly one gift, the last gift. It was the last gift of the night. He had procrastinated, as he had for three years previously, for as long as was possible. Christmas Eve was almost over. Only the Froelich house remained.
Claus reached up and touched the throat mike strapped to his neck. “All units,” he said, “this is Big Red One. Initiate. Ho, ho, ho. Repeat, initiate. You are go.”
The elves stationed in the tree line around the Froelich house immediately fired their Willy Pete flares. The white phosphorous rounds burst in mid-air and descended on tiny parachutes, burning white and bright. The raised ranch in the suburbs of Metropolitan City was suddenly alive with moving shadows. Some were caused by the burning, drifting flares. The rest were black-clad elves, wearing riot helmets and body armor, carrying tiny plastic M4-style carbines.
The shooting started.
To an outside observer, it sounded like firecrackers, cap guns, and children’s toys. That was because the gunfire came from firecrackers, cap guns, and children’s toys — all of them made in China, all of them lethal. According to Claus’ Intelligence Elves, Billy Froelich had purchased, on eBay, the last remaining stock of the Red Army Happy Virtual Dragon Ultra Oversized Lucky Golden Sunshine Digital Poster Company. He could not be better armed if he had he shopped a Somali Warlord’s garage sale with Ted Nugent’s credit card.
The elves returned fire with their airsoft weapons. Each of the tiny assault rifles was loaded with 6 millimeter coal pellets. The modified hollow points in Claus’ own .45 were likewise filled with coal. It had been years since Claus was forced to activate his elven assassin squads and give them the weapons-free command. But Billy Froelich was a special case.
Not for the first time, Claus had to admit that his nerves were shot. It was Billy’s doing. That first year, when four-year-old Billy had lined up on him with an improvised crossbow, the projectile had lacked the power to pierce his red-and-white fur coat. He had laughed that off, tousling Billy’s hair until the boy had tried to bite him. Well, Claus could forgive that. Billy Froelich, whose Terrible Twos had resulted in several asterisks on the Naughty and Nice List, had received nothing but coal for his third Christmas. Apparently the disappointment had stuck with him. He had spent the ensuing year building a crossbow of his own ingenious design. Billy Froelich was nothing if not intelligent.
And savage.
Even bloodthirsty.
Claus was forced to admit, in the years that followed, that Billy Froelich was quite possibly the human incarnation of evil. When Billy was six, he had rigged an elaborate man trap in the living room fireplace. The entire trap was spring-loaded and lined with broken glass, all of it rigged to go off when Claus set foot on the tripwires running across the mantle.
At eight years old, Billy Froelich had discovered knives. Wrapped in duct tape to camouflage him against the silver-gray flashing of the chimney, he had waited on the roof for Claus to land, then attacked as Santa approached. Claus would forever bear the scars on his left forearm. It had broken his heart to shove his fingers, held rigid like a spear, into the hollow of Billy’s throat that Christmas Eve. Billy had briefly developed what the doctors called Hysterical Evil Asthma after that, and Claus blamed himself.
At ten, Billy, drunk on pilfered eggnog, had tried simply to shoot Claus with his father’s twelve-gauge shotgun. During Christmas in July of the following year, the boy had hired Prussian mercenaries to kidnap several of Claus’ elves from an appearance at Billy’s local shopping mall. The ransom tape, and the box of tiny elven fingers Billy had mailed to Claus at the North Pole, had portended menace far beyond Billy’s tender age. Among the captured elves was Claus’ favorite electric train specialist, Zippy. No one could reconcile foreign voltages or disparate scales like Zippy.
Claus still missed the elf, but Santa’s Workshop did not negotiate with terrorists.
Every year, the traps and weapons Billy Froelich brought to bear were more and more dangerous. Every year, the anxiety Claus felt as he approached the Froelich house became ever more debilitating. He had gone back to the bottle, despite his promises to Mrs. Claus, and when the half-crippled old bat had hectored him over it last year, he had hit her. She was still at her mother’s house. Claus’ letters had all been returned, unopened.
The fact was, little Billy Froelich had ruined Claus’ health, Claus’ life, and very nearly Claus’ career. As it was, Santa had been forced to schedule the Froelich house last every year, because he could not afford an injury sustained at Billy Froelich’s hands to delay his deliveries over the rest of the night. Correcting a schedule refined over decades, all to accommodate one murderous little bastard of a child, had given Claus fits. He was, as he had been ever since changing his route, running late. If he did not place the last gift before dawn, he would be in default of the Noel Accords. He could not allow that.
Snapping off the frame safety of the .45, Claus vowed he would not fail.
He slid down the chimney, ready for anything. Using his hands and feet to arrest his descent, he stopped just short of the fireplace. Billy hadn’t built a fire this year. They were both far beyond such petty insults.
Claus’ gaze shot to the windows. The diversion provided by his elven commandos had, apparently, been wasted. The enemy “soldiers” posted in the windows were animatronic robots purchased from a toy store. In their plastic pincers they wielded missile-firing Japanese-made robots based on a popular anime series. The entire system was clearly automated. Which meant Billy could be anywhere—
“Die, you bloated, cherry-red scion of Christmas Past!”
Claus very nearly took the oversized kitchen knife through the eye. He brought his .45 up at the last minute, blocking the razor-sharp blade with its barrel. Before he could lower the gun and return fire, Billy had wrenched the weapon from him, tossing it somewhere under the Christmas tree. He was dressed in Spiderman pajamas and wore, tucked behind a plastic licensed Batman utility belt, several more knives, probably stolen from the butcher block in his parents’ kitchen.
“I see you’ve been reading the word-a-day calendar I left for your sister,” Claus said. He ripped his switchblade free from its hiding place taped to his left forearm. The blade snapped open with authority.
“You leave my poop-head sister out of this!” Billy Froelich screamed. He lunged with the knife.
Claus dodged. Billy hated any mention of his sister. That was because, if Billy Froelich was the naughtiest child on Santa Claus’ list, his sister, Jenny Froelich, was the nicest. It was because of Jenny that Claus could not simply bypass the Froelich household. Time and again Claus had hoped Jenny would turn bad, if only to spare him the increasingly life-threatening visits to the Froelich’s suburban home. Unfortunately for him, and fortunately for Jenny, she continued on the path of all that was good and true. She deserved a present from Santa and, per regulations, Claus was duty- and honor-bound to deliver one.
Claus dodged a clumsy slash from Billy Froelich and checked the red-and-white Swatch on his wrist. It was nearly dawn. Time was running out.
In his sack, he had a Botox Barbara doll to go with Jenny’s Botox Barbara Dream Divorce Dacha. It had been either the doll or Botox Barbara’s Hybrid Electric Vehicle. Claus had opted for the doll because it was lighter and would be easier to place. It was also a limited collectible.
“I’m finally going to put you down, old man,” Billy Froelich growled, gesturing with his blade. “Let’s see just how much jelly’s in there.”
Claus’ breath was already labored. He wasted no time on words. From within his coat he produced a fan of candy canes and hurled these at Billy. Several of the spinning missiles found their mark. Billy shrieked in pain as the hooked ends of the canes jabbed painfully at his arms and neck.
Claus dove for the stockings, hung by the chimney with—
Bear.
The teddy bear was strategically placed. His booted foot hit the furry Christmas-green bear, and his soles flew up and out from under him. The floor rushed up to meet him, and the CRACK! of his skull on the hardwood floor was the second to last thing Santa Claus heard.
The last thing he heard was Billy Froelich’s terrible laughter.
 

PART 2: 364 DAYS LATER
The enormous HUMWAY assault vehicle, which resembled nothing so much as a city bus humping the leg of a dump truck cradled in the arms of an armored personnel carrier, belched blue smoke as it lurched to a halt amidst the throngs of Occupy Nondescript Metro Area protestors. The gigantic more-terrain tires (so named because they were capable of traversing more terrains than all the terrains that had yet been discovered) narrowly missed crushing a tent labeled, “Information.” The HUMWAY promptly reversed course, turned slightly, and crushed the tent into the filthy asphalt. Several equally filthy hippies ran screaming from the tent moments before the HUMWAY flattened it.
The big man who climbed from the driver’s seat of the HUMWAY wore camouflage pants tucked into heavy combat boots. A stainless steel wristwatch the size of a diving helmet was strapped to his left wrist. His black muscle-shirt strained at the edges of his tremendous biceps, while his equally tremendous pot-belly threatened to burst the shirt at the belt line. His belt buckle was the size of a manhole cover and shaped like an eagle taking flight. On his head, nestled in his perfectly tousled dark hair, sat a pair of black-on-black Ray-Ban style sunglasses. His face was made of granite and his chin was so strong he lifted weights with it. His hands were the size of hams. He was the manliest action hero who had ever walked the Earth.
His name was Duke Manfist.
Duke was joined by his partner, Ken Goodspeed, who climbed from the HUMWAY and looked around nervously. Goodspeed was on loan from an office-temporary agency and had not yet grasped the import of the paperwork he had signed. He had, in fact, answered an advertisement through his agency for seasonal clerical work at Secret Headquarters, the organization established by the Shadow Government to “support” Duke Manfist in his ongoing punching of evil wherever it lurked.
No sooner had young Goodspeed entered the building, concealed within a decrepit amusement park fun house, than Doctor Coplawyer had sprung his trap. Coplawyer, who acted as Secret Headquarters’ police liaison, chief medical officer, on-call psychotherapist, optometrist, documentation specialist, union representative, legal advisor, accountant, and operations coordinator, was forever insisting that Duke Manfist travel in the company of a partner. The problem was that Duke’s partners had an alarmingly brief lifespan once they became his partners. 
The paperwork Coplawyer had each man sign not only legally changed the man’s name to “Ken Goodspeed” for the duration of his assignment — otherwise, Duke would have to learn and remember hundreds of new names per year — but committed the “volunteers” incontrovertibly to the service of the Shadow Government until they were released. The contract was, once signed, ironclad, even if signed under duress or through misrepresentation. Coplawyer had refined the legal verbiage of the forms through the years to make certain of that.
As Secret Headquarters’ penchant for using up volunteers from other branches of service became known through the covert agency community, personnel willing to act in the capacity of Duke Manfist’s partner had become harder and harder to find. Coplawyer had turned to a variety of inventive and ever-more deceitful methods to fill the berth in the HUMWAY’s passenger seat. Among these deceits, tricking an office temp into signing the Goodspeed contract was arguably the least offensive.
The P.R.O.B.E. with which each Goodspeed was subsequently equipped was... well, slightly more so.
Coplawyer had originally had Duke Manfist himself equipped with a Personal Rectal Observation and Benchmark Equalizer. The device sent to Secret Headquarters a real-time telemetry identifying the subject’s location, vital signs, and sphincter dilation. It was a means of tracking the ongoing status and closeness-to-being-horribly-killed of Secret Headquarters’ field operative, but when Duke learned of the device’s presence, he had insisted it be removed.
Coplawyer had chosen not to have the P.R.O.B.E. reinserted in Duke Manfist, mostly because Duke Manfist had threatened to punch him deaf and blind were he to make the attempt. Doctor Coplawyer had thus wisely chosen to P.R.O.B.E. the Goodspeeds, who were decidedly less likely to pummel him with their fists until his sinuses filled with a paste comprising the jellied bone of his own skull. The expense of the seldom-recovered P.R.O.B.E. units was considerable, but he had arranged for a discount now that he was buying them in bulk. It was, all in all, a satisfactory solution.
Except that his Blueberry went off every time one of the Goodspeeds died. He had been forced to put the device on “silent.”
“He’s very tense,” Coplawyer told Duke Manfist through the Greentooth headset Manfist wore in one ear. “You should do your best to reassure Ken Goodspeed that his contributions to the organization are valuable. If you affirm him, you will empower him.”
“No takers, Nancy,” Duke growled. He ripped the Greentooth from his ear and flicked it into the crowd, where it lodged in the throat of a shouting hippie. The other demonstrators, waving signs and chanting in unison, did not notice as the young man with the greasy beard and filth-encrusted dreadlocks went down, clutching his throat.
“Who was that you were talking to?” Goodspeed asked, nervously straightening the collar of his polo shirt. He wore “business casual” attire as directed by his temp agency. His khaki slacks were permanent press. He had refused a gun when offered one by Coplawyer.
“The pencil-neck from Secret Headquarters,” Duke said. He raised one thick palm to shield his eyes as he stood on his tip-toes, scanning the crowd. 
“He forgot to sign my time card,” Goodspeed said.
“We got bigger problems, Nancy,” said Duke. He turned to Goodspeed. “Where’s your gun?”
“Why would I need a gun?” Goodspeed said. “I don’t think your supervisor understands—”
“The Doc ain’t my supervisor,” Manfist said. “He just gives out the assignments.”
“Doesn’t that make him your—”
“I said,” Duke Manfist growled, “he’s not my boss. I answer to the President.”
“You report to President Bar—”
“No, dummy,” Manfist sneered. “Not that tool. The real president. The Shadow President of the Shadow Government.”
“I’ve never heard of that,” Goodspeed said.
“Wouldn’t be much of a secret if you had, would it, Mary?”
“Which is it?”
“What?” Duke asked.
“Nancy or Mary?”
Duke paused. He rubbed his chin for a moment and looked down at Goodspeed as throngs of protestors surged around them, screaming and waving signs and scratching at fleas. Finally, Duke said, “You want me to slap ‘em?”
“‘Them?’“
“Your nads. Because I will if you gimme any more backtalk, Susan.”
“I don’t understand,” Goodspeed said.
“You sure don’t,” Manfist said. “I’ll explain this once, Alice. You do what I say. You stay outta my way. You help if you can. Flaming arrow.”
“What?” Goodspeed said, perplexed.
Duke Manfist sighed, reached out, and shoved Goodspeed to the pavement. A flaming arrow arced over the man’s body. It would have pierced his neck had he been standing.
“Was that... is someone trying to kill me?”
“Those are almost always meant for me,” Duke said. 
“Who shot it?”
“Doesn’t matter. It happens. Focus, Betty.”
“I’m an office temp!” Goodspeed shrieked. “I’m supposed to be sorting files and sending faxes! I was going to play Minesweeper on my lunch hour!”
“Half hour,” Duke said.
“What?”
“Secret Headquarters allots a half-hour for lunch.”
“Well that’s just great!” Goodsped screamed. “Why did that man you say isn’t your boss make me sign those papers? Why did he try to give me a gun, too? Why are we here in the middle of a near-riot? Why does this parking lot smell like pee? Who are you?”
Duke Manfist sighed. It was going to be a long—
“Shouldn’t we find whoever shot that flaming arrow?” Goodspeed said.
“I don’t follow up on the little stuff,” Manfist said.
“Down with greed!” screamed one of the protestors. He had hair to his shoulders, wore a three-hundred-dollar ski jacket, and obviously hadn’t bathed in weeks. Duke Manfist got a good whiff of the protestor as the man approached, waving his sign. Manfist wrinkled his nose and backed up a pace, waving his big fist in front of his nose.
“Yeeaarrggh,” Manfist said. “You smell like you slept inside a dead guy who slept in his clothes.”
“DOWN WITH GREED!” chanted the nearest throngs of people.
“We demand free health care!” the protestor screamed. 
“WE DEMAND FREE HEALTHCARE,” the mob repeated.
The protestor reached up to scratch at his scalp. Dozens of his fellow protestors began to close ranks, arraying themselves behind the flea-bitten hippie yelling at Manfist. Their signs had been professionally printed. They bore a variety of anti-corporate, anti-capitalism, pro-Communist slogans. Pictures of Che and hammers and sickles abounded. The printed mottos were all variations on a theme, which Manfist expressed as he surveyed the mob.
“Gimme, gimme, gimme,” he said.
“GIMME, GIMME, GIMME,” chanted the protestors.
“Mister Manfist,” said Ken, “these people are scratching themselves like—”
“Like leopards in an Ivy League forest?” Manfist said.
“Uh... do you mean lepers?”
“Sure.”
“In a forest of poison ivy?” Goodspeed said.
“Them too,” Manfist said, frowning. “Everybody shut up and back off,” Manfist announced, holding up his massive arms. “The Shadow President has ordered me to re-purse you.”
“Disperse,” Goodspeed corrected. “Should you be talking about the secret government?”
“Shut it, Jenny,” Manfist shot back.
“EVERYBODY SHUP UP, BACK OFF, SHADOW PRESIDENT,” chanted the protestors.
“Wow, that’s really annoying,” said Duke.
“WOW THAT’S REALLY ANNOYING,” repeated the mob. “MIKE CHECK. MIKE CHECK.”
“Mister Manfist,” Goodspeed said, “I’m kind of a civil libertarian at heart. Don’t these people have a right to protest?”
“Protest, yes,” Manfist said. “Poop fleas all over the city, no.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a crumpled wad of paper. “This is a public health citation,” he said.
“PUBLIC HEALTH CITATION,” repeated the protestors, scratching at themselves furiously.
“That might be lice, not fleas,” Goodspeed said helpfully.
“Thanks, Carol,” Manfist said. “You’re a real help.” More loudly, he said, “You got, like, twenty seconds to get the heck out of here. Or I’m gonna have to make you leave.”
“You’re wasting your time,” Goodspeed said. “I’ve been watching this on the news. The cops came by and asked the protestors very nicely to go. They said no.”
Manfist stared at him. “Asked them?”
“They even said ‘please,’” Goodspeed nodded.
“THEY EVEN SAID PLEASE,” chanted the protestors.
“Redistribution!” screamed the hippie in the three-hundred-dollar ski jacket. He took out his own Blueberry and began to type on it with one thumb, wagging his sign with the other hand. The sign said, “TAKE FROM THE RICH AND GIVE TO THE POOR.”
Duke took out his flip phone and reluctantly dialed it. Coplawyer picked up on the first ring.
“Why do I hear nothing but choking noises through the Greentooth?” Coplawyer demanded.
“Skip it, Nancy,” Manfist said. “Why didn’t you tell me the cops tried and failed to unpurse this crowd?”
“Their hands were tied,” Coplawyer said. “They can hardly be expected to use force. After all, the protests are union-run, and the cops are all in... well, the same union.”
“Nobody thought that might be a problem?” Duke demanded.
“There are certain complicated exigencies,” Coplawyer began.
“Save it, Nancy,” Manfist said. 
“But did you ask them to disperse?”
“Yeah,” Manfist said. “They ain’t going.”
“Well then our work at Occupy Nondescript Metro area is done,” Coplawyer said. “Any further action on our parts would risk a lawsuit, not to mention several hundred union grievances, and we simply—”
“RE-DIS-TRIB-UTE, RE-DIS-TRIB-UTE,” chanted the crowd. “TAKE AND GIVE, TAKE AND GIVE.”
“Agent Manfist,” Coplawyer said, “I am ordering you and Goodspeed back to headquarters. Also, Goodspeed’s sphincter dilation is up 30 percent. Is he—”
“Doc,” Manfist said, “You have got to be kidding me.” He shot a glance at Goodspeed, who was being menaced by a pair of Occupy protestors who seemed intent on raping him.
“Duke,” Coplawyer said, “the P.R.O.B.E. indicates Goodspeed is being menaced by individuals who are intent on raping him.”
“Doc,” Manfist said, “why are we letting this happen?”
“It’s free speech,” Coplawyer insisted. “Agent Manfist, I’m ordering you to rescue Agent Goodspeed and return to Secret Headquarters.”
“I’m all for everybody getting their freak on,” Manfist said, “but Goodspeed’s about to get his butt occupied. That isn’t any free speech I know about.”
“Do not, I repeat, do NOT apply violence to this situation,” Coplawyer ordered.
“Doc,” Manfist said, “I’m not gonna apple anybody with violence. I’m just going to do some... redistributing.” He crushed his flip-phone into powder, turned to face the mob of protestors, and reached up to lower his sunglasses on his eyes.
Somewhere in the crowd, Ken Goodspeed was suddenly swamped by a pack of protestors. The last sight Duke had of his partner was of Goodspeed’s hand reaching desperately up from the stack of men and women piling on top of him.
Duke’s back-up phone began vibrating. He picked it up and looked at the display. Coplawyer had sent a text message:
GOODSPEED’S PROBE REGISTERS EXTREME LOCALIZED BUTTOCKS DISTRESS.
“Not my fault,” Duke Manfist said. Raising his voice and lowering his chin, he shouted to the protestors, “Repeat after me, you filthy hippie dipwads,”
“REPEAT AFTER ME,” said the mob, “YOU FILTHY HIPPIE DIPWADS.”
“I’m,” said Duke.
“I’M,” said the protestors.
“Gonna make you pay,” said Duke.
“GONNA MAKE YOU PAY,” said the mob.
“...WITH MY FIST!” Duke roared.
“WITH MY FIST!” screamed the mob.
“Catchphrase?” shouted a heckler from within the crowd.
“Ow!” said Duke Manfist. “My eyes! Oh God, I forgot how to do math! Mommy? It hurts so much! Please stop hitting me! Where did you even get a banjo? It’s full of stars! I can’t hear the pumpkin wedges through the permanent brain damage! My legs! I can’t feel my legs!”
“OW...” the crowd began. As the suddenly very menacing form of Duke Manfist approached the mob, the protestors stopped speaking. They turned to each other and then back to the hulking action hero bearing down on them.
“Run!” someone screamed.
“Oh, you’re sure gonna repeat it,” said Duke Manfist. “You’re gonna repeat all of it.”
And oh, sure did they.

PART 3: LET’S GET SANTA CLAUS, ‘CAUSE...
“Santa Claus... has a red suit, he’s a Communist,” Duke Manfist sang tunelessly. “And a beard, and long hair, must be a pacifist...”
“Uh, Mister Manfist?” Ken Goodspeed asked. “Are you... Are you singing Arlo Guthrie?”
“I don’t listen to hippie crap,” Duke Manfist said.
The HUMWAY roared into the parking garage of the Four Plot Points Mall, the plume of blue exhaust it produced nearly choking a bell-ringer standing in front of his red kettle. The bell ringer shot Manfist and Goodspeed the finger.
 “What’s in that pipe that he’s SMOKING?” Duke Manfist belted out.
“That is Arlo Guthrie,” said Goodspeed. Ken was a middle-aged man wearing a colorful sweater and comfortable shoes. He had a pair of reading glasses on a chain around his neck.
“No, it’s a Christmas song,” said Duke. “Tomorrow’s Christmas Eve. I love Christmas. Always have. The lights, the presents, the decorations. It’s the only time of year I don’t want to punch people. As much.”
“I’ll be sure to have my wife put you on our Christmas card list,” Goodspeed said, smiling. “I think, Mister Manfist,” he said, “that this is the beginning of a long, professionally gratifying friendship.”
“Uh,” said Duke Manfist. He took out his new Jackson Arms revolver, gave it an affectionate pat, and returned it to his waistband. Next to him, Ken dutifully removed the small .38 Special revolver issued him by Doctor Coplawyer, rubbed it with his palm, and put it away again. He smiled at Manfist cheerfully.
Manfist sighed. 
The morning had started with a good being-yelled-at in Doctor Coplawyer’s office, in which the Secret Headquarters’ legal advisor, law enforcement liaison, operations manager, and Human Resources director had chewed Duke out for refusing to return to Headquarters when ordered.
“Really, Duke,” Coplawyer had concluded, sounding disappointed. “Had you come in when I told you to, the unfortunate death of Ken Goodspeed might have been avoided.”
“Not my fault,” said Duke.
“I am not convinced that is the case,” Coplawyer said. “Telemetry from the late Goodspeed’s implant indicates otherwise.” He gestured to the P.R.O.B.E. unit in the plastic zip-lock bag on his desk.
“I thought you said those gizmos couldn’t come outta somebody’s sphinx unless they had vinegar corporations?”
Coplawyer closed his eyes. When he opened them again, he said, very patiently, “What I said, Agent Manfist, was that the P.R.O.B.E. monitor can only be dislodged by its... er, owner... through vigorous copulation so violent that the subject runs a very real risk of—
“Goodspeed got his butt vigorously cooperated, yeah,” nodded Duke. “That’s what I was trying to tell you on the phone.”
“And that was sufficient justification for this?” Coplawyer demanded. He turned on the AM radio situated on his desk.
“Why do you have a radio on your desk?” Duke asked. “You never had a radio on your desk before. It’s almost like you have it just for this one, specific plot point.”
“...with authorities and medical personnel desperately seeking enough donated eyeballs to fill the sudden demand,” said the conveniently timed radio newscast. “Department of Public Sanitation personnel estimate that over one hundred Occupy Nondescript Metro Area protestors have been found in varying states of distress, their injuries defying medical science and the laws of physics. One man was found with his arms and legs removed and then... somehow reattached by friction to other locations on his body, a three-hundred-dollar ski jacket stuffed into his—”
Coplawyer switched off the radio. “That was a flagrant violation of the protestors’ civil rights.”
“I was just redistributing,” Duke said innocently.
“In what way did permanently disfiguring several dozen hippies constitute social justice?”
“Well, I redistributed that one guy’s legs to where his arms were,” Duke offered.
“Really, Agent Manfist,” Coplawyer said angrily, “I think you’ve done just about—”
“Bored now,” Duke said suddenly. He held up one ham-sized fist. “Next agenda item, Nancy.”
Coplawyer scowled. “I am charged with coordinating the activities of this organization,” he said, “and I will thank you to—”
“I don’t answer to you, Nancy,” Duke said. “And we both know it.” He gestured to the framed, autographed picture of the Shadow President on the wall behind Coplawyer. In the photo, the bearded Shadow President, dressed in a cowboy hat, jeans, and leather vest with no shirt, was round-house kicking a boy on crutches. The inscription, in metallic silver paint-pen, read, “NOW he can walk.”
Coplawyer stopped, began to say something, and thought better of it. He opened his desk drawer, removed a cardboard carton the size of a shoebox, and slid it across the desk.
“Your new sidearm,” he said.
Duke examined the carton. It bore the logo of Jackson Industries and the printed slogan, “Weapons That Just Might Work.” The massive revolver within had custom walnut grips bearing Duke’s inlaid initials. He broke open the cylinder and examined the rounds inside, pointing the barrel of the gun at Coplawyer’s face the entire time.
“What do I need this for?” Duke asked.
“You have discarded your revolving shotgun pistol with alarming regularity,” Coplawyer informed him. “It has grown exceedingly expensive to replace it.”
“Sometimes you just gotta punch somebody, Doc,” Manfist protested.
“Believe it or not, I do understand the parameters under which you feel compelled to operate,” Coplawyer said. “That is why we have entered into an affiliate sales agreement with Jackson Industries. Their weapons are designed specifically for action heroes. The rounds available for the weapon are voice-activated and include a variety of specialty munitions. Most importantly, however, the gun is designed to work only intermittently, giving you ample opportunity to holster it and use your fists.”
“The gun works only when it wants to?”
“That is the gist of it, yes. I’ve included a complete operations manual, which doubtless you will not read.”
“You accusing me of being stupid?” Duke Manfist frowned. “Or telling me that I can’t read?”
“Are you saying you will read the instructions?”
“Let’s not get crazy, Doc.”
“Indeed. Well. With that out of the way, your next assignment is to respond to reports of a code 451 at the Four Plot Points Mall.”
“Really?” Duke grinned. “A 451? I thought maybe he’d finally run out of gas.”
“Evidently not,” Coplawyer said, nonplussed. There was a horrible scream from the examination room connected to Coplawyer’s office.
“Why have I never noticed there’s an examination room connected to your office?” Duke Manfist asked.
“YEEARRRRGGGHHHHH!” screamed someone from the examination room connected to Coplawyer’s office. Again, that is.
“It sounds like Ken Goodspeed’s P.R.O.B.E. has been installed,” Coplawyer said. “I think you’ll find this Ken Goodspeed particularly pleasant. He’s only to be with you for a few days. He’s due to retire, but has been provisionally assigned to us in order to complete the full term of his employment. There was a reorganization at the Department of Kittens and Puppies.”
“A what at the department of what and what now?” Manfist asked.
“Goodspeed is a... gentle soul,” Coplawyer said. “He was laid off from the federal agency that coordinates the annual Puppy Bowl on Super Bowl Sunday. I owed a favor; the department helped me find an adorable little Siamese mix for my wife Deborah’s birthday last year.”
“He’s due to retire,” said Duke.
“Yes.”
“And his government experience is with kittens and puppies,” said Duke.
“And the occasional koala bear, as I understand it,” said Coplawyer.
“Right. Is he married?”
“Happily. For twenty-five years now, in fact.”
“Has he got kids?”
“Twenty-eight of them,” Coplawyer said.
“WHAT?” Manfist demanded.
“They’re not all his biological children,” Coplawyer said. “You are familiar with the Dumgarg family?”
“The who now?”
“They are a famous reality show family,” Coplawyer said. He picked up the remote control on his desk and switched on the television on the rolling car behind him.
“Where did that television come from?” Duke Manfist demanded. “That wasn’t here a minute ago.”
On the screen, the recorded antics of a family with twenty children began to unfold. Duke’s eyes widened in horror.
“That... that mom’s naughty parts are a clown car,” he said.
“Goodspeed and his wife are an overflow family,” Coplawyer said, switching off the television. “The Dumgargs have actually had twice the number of children depicted on the program. Loving foster families like Goodspeed’s take in the remainder. Apparently the Goodspeeds felt strongly about the matter after Ken survived a bout with cancer.”
Duke Manfist blinked. “So my new partner’s an almost retired cancer-survivor puppy specialist with a wife and two baseball teams worth of children to support.”
“He also works with troubled inner-city youth, in his spare time,” Coplawyer said.
Duke Manfist held out his hand. “Gimme his paperwork.”
“What?”
“You heard me,” Duke said. “Gimme his paperwork.” Duke waited while Coplawyer reluctantly held out the paperwork officially and legally renaming Duke’s new partner “Ken Goodspeed.” Duke snatched a pen from Coplawyer’s jacket pocket, poking Coplawyer painfully in the chest as he did so, and crossed out the name “Ken” on the documents. He rewrote “Ken” in the slot for middle name and, in the first space, he scrawled a single word in block letters.
“DEADMEAT,” it said.
“I really don’t think that’s appropriate,” Coplawyer said. 
“Simon Portlack,” said Duke.
“What?” Coplawyer said, turning pale.
“Simon Portlack,” Duke Manfist said. “You remember Simon Portlack, don’t you, Doc? He was the third guy you ever tricked into becoming Ken Goodspeed. The guy who thought he was signing an offer letter to become the operations director of Secret Headquarters. The guy whose getting-shot-through-the-face-with-a-flaming-arrow left you the best qualified candidate for your job.”
“‘Deadmeat Kenneth Goodspeed’ it is, then,” said Coplawyer.
And now, Ken Goodspeed, who still thought his new first name was Ken even though it was really Deadmeat, sat in the passenger seat of the HUMWAY cheerfully sharing pictures of his twenty-eight children and his incredibly hot wife, completely oblivious to the fact that he was going to die.
“Mister Manfist?” Goodspeed said politely. “You’ve been sitting without moving for quite some time, quietly repeating a conversation you had with Doctor Coplawyer just before he introduced me to you.”
“Uh, yeah,” Manfist said. “I do that sometimes. You know, remember a scene that doesn’t chronologically fit with the narrative?”
“I wouldn’t know,” Goodspeed said, smiling. “You’re the expert in these things.”
Manfist couldn’t take it anymore. He decided that it would be better for Goodspeed to go quickly, rather than suffer. “Flaming arrow,” he said quietly. Then he braced himself for the inevitable.
Nothing happened.
“Mister Manfist?” Goodspeed said.
“Look out!” Duke Manfist said. He waited, shoulders tensed, eyes clenched shut. He couldn’t watch his partner’s horrible demise.
Nothing happened again. Or still didn’t. Or didn’t keep not happening. Whatever.
“Mister Manfist?” Goodspeed said again. “I think that’s Doctor Coplawyer over there.”
Manfist opened his eyes. Doctor Coplawyer was impatiently gesturing toward the elevator. Shrugging, Manfist led Goodspeed out of the HUMWAY and into the elevator, where Coplawyer had a card table set up. A stack of documents was waiting on the table.
“We don’t have much time,” Coplawyer said. “I’ve intercepted you here in order to get this taken care of now. You have quite a bit of studying ahead of you, Agent Manfist.”
“Huh?” Manfist said. “How did you get here before us?”
“No time,” Coplawyer insisted. “Duke, sign this. It is an emergency addendum to the K.R.A.M.P.U.S. charter.”
“I don’t have cramps,” Duke said, “and I sure as hell ain’t signin’ anything you give me.” 
“You may read it if you insist,” Coplawyer said, exasperated. “But I cannot stress the urgency of this situation.”
“How long does this elevator take to go up?” Goodspeed said, gazing out the window.
“Quiet, Deadmeat,” Duke said. “Grownups are talking.”
“K.R.A.M.P.U.S. was formed in 1781 as part of the Noel Accords,” Coplawyer began.
The elevator doors opened. A man dressed all in black, wearing the black face mask of a ninja, went running past, screaming and overturning chairs as he ran through the corridor “sidewalk” of a coffee shop. He was on fire. He left flaming handprints on everything he touched.
“There’s our 451,” Duke said to Goodspeed. 
“451?” Goodspeed asked.
“That’s Secret Headquarters’ dispatch code for a combustible, possibly martial instigator whose intent is adjudged hostile and whose modus operandi involves chemical or other accelerants,” Coplawyer explained.
“What?” asked Goodspeed.
“Flaming ninja,” said Duke. “Come on! We gotta catch him.”
The trio ran. Duke Manfist yanked the Jackson Industries revolver from his holster, leveled it at the flaming ninja, and shouted, “Fire-putting-out!”
“Extinguish rounds loaded,” said the electronic weapon quietly. Duke fired once, then again, missing both times. The weapon stopped firing on the third try, as it was designed to do.
“I haven’t finished!” Coplawyer yelled, carrying his sheaf of papers.
“Then talk and run!” Manfist said. “He’s quick!” 
“The Noel Accords,” Coplawyer said with some difficulty, running under the weight of the bulletproof vest, white lab coat, three piece suit, and Sam Browne belt he wore, while juggling his briefcase and the documentation he had brought with him, “comprise a peace treaty signed to conclude the Fifth Secret Holiday Crusade.”
“I’ve never heard of that,” said Goodspeed, leaping over a mall bench.
“Natch,” said Duke. “Secret, he said. Good reflexes, Deadmeat.”
“What is that you keep calling me?” Goodspeed asked.
“The Secret Holiday Crusades were blood feuds that broke out over possession of Christmas,” Coplawyer said. “Tell me, gentlemen, have you ever heard of the Passover Giraffe? Or perhaps the Labor Day Armadillo?”
“Can’t say I have,” said Manfist. He caught up to the flaming ninja for a moment and reared back his mighty right arm. “Time to put you out... WITH MY FIST!” he roared, punching the flaming ninja with all his might.
The ninja yelped and flew over the second-floor railing next to an escalator. He was still alive and still aflame.
“You’re hand’s on fire,” Goodspeed said helpfully.
Manfist thrust his right fist into his pocket, dousing the flames. “Come on,” he said. “Down the escalator.”
Coplawyer was close behind. “You’ve never heard of those creatures because a series of secret wars for possession of mankind’s holidays has led to the brutal deaths of the less powerful holiday figures and their followers,” he went on. 
“He’s persistent in his exposition,” Goodspeed said.
“Now you’re getting the hang of it,” Manfist said.
The ninja was now running through the mall’s lower levels, still trailing smoke and flame. Manfist kept up an easy pace, careful neither to catch up too quickly nor leave Coplawyer behind. He knew better than to outrun Secret Headquarters’ legal advisor. The man would keep pestering him until he said what he needed to say.
“The Noel Accords put an end to decades of bloody struggle,” Coplawyer said. “It is a complex set of guidelines establishing the line of succession for Christmastime’s traditions and personalities. To enforce the Noel Accords, the power-brokers of that era established the Kristmas Retributive Association for Maintaining Proper Use Standards. Of Christmas, that is.” 
“You’re spelling that with a ‘K,’” Manfist said accusingly. “I can hear it.”
“European spelling,” Coplawyer said. “K.R.A.M.P.U.S. has as its mission the punishment of naughty children, when its operatives are not overseeing the proper conduct and facilitation of Christmastime traditions and standards.”
Duke Manfist dove, nearly tackled the flaming ninja, and missed. The ninja kept running. 
Goodspeed stopped and helped Manfist to his feet. The two rejoined the pursuit with Coplawyer close behind.
“Well, Nancy?” Duke demanded, glaring at Coplawyer. “What’s the punchline?”
“Three hundred and sixty-four days ago,” Coplawyer said, “on last Christmas Eve, Santa Claus was unable to deliver successfully the last present on his route. He is therefore in default of the Noel Accords, and per the guidelines of the treaty, a replacement must be found who can successfully complete Claus’ duties. We have only just learned of this emergency. It is the Shadow President’s explicit instructions that you, Duke Manfist, fulfill Santa’s duties. If you cannot... I shudder to think of the consequences.”
“Which would be?”
“The ascendance of Hyman Happy Holidays, the beloved Hanukkah Platypus, among other things,” Coplawyer said. 
“So you want me to sign something for the Cramps that says I can deliver this year’s Christmas presents,” said Duke. “So that Christmas stays in our corner and Senor Ramadan and the Kwanzaa Elephant don’t get the gig.”
“How did you know about Senor Ramadan?” Coplawyer asked.
Duke Manfist blinked. “Whatever, Nancy. I can play delivery boy for a night. Get me a sleigh and a case of Freak Out Energy Drink.”
“I don’t think you understand the full import of this,” Coplawyer said. “When you sign this contract, you will be, for the duration of the holiday season and for all intents and purposes, Saint Nicolas. The contract is as ironclad as the one I use for the Goodspeeds.”
“So I’m legally gonna be...” Manfist began.
“You will legally become Santa Claus,” Coplawyer said.

PART 4: THE KWANZAA ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM
Looking like nothing so much as an anorexic stick insect suffering from displaced testicular elephantitis, the supervillain known as the Cursed Hand, also known as Redmond W. Terwilliger, struggled to—
“A what?” demanded Redmond W. Terwilliger.
Are you talking to me?
“Yes, I’m talking to you,” the Cursed Hand snarled. “That’s not a very flattering description.”
You’re not supposed to be able to hear the narrator.
“Well, I suggest you come up with something else.”
Couldn’t we just continue the scene?
“No,” said the Cursed Hand, pouting like a sixteen-year-old girl whose car keys have been taken away.
“HEY!” shouted the Cursed Hand.
Very well. I’ll start again.
“See that you do,” whined the Cursed Hand.
Looking like nothing so much as a much thinner, much more goggle-eyed, somewhat more balding version of a certain very famous actor who was a notoriously bad martial artist and who, while touching himself in a hotel closet, managed to—
“NOW THAT’S NOT FAIR!” screamed the Cursed Hand.
I can keep going.
“No,” sniffed Redmond W. Terwilliger. “Please don’t. I’ll get back on script.”
See that you do, menaced the narrator handsomely.
“Hack,” grumbled Redmond W. Terwilliger.
Looking like nothing so much as a very thin, very old, very spindly, and very weak human being with very little strength and even less personality, the kimono-clad, gray-haired, balding-but-wearing-a-ponytailed figure of the Cursed Hand sat on the floor of his Outrage Room, struggling to wrap a Christmas present for his mother. This would normally not be an insurmountable task, even for a despicable creature as ineffectual and cowardly as the Cursed Hand—
“I’m complaining to the League!” wheezed Terwilliger.
—Except that the right hand connected to Redmond W. Terwilliger’s very thin, very old, very spindly, and very weak wrist was more than eight times the size of a normal human hand. Made of magical burnished lead, the Cursed Hand’s right hand was, well, cursed. It grew, slowly but inexorably, and as it grew bigger, its weight increased with it. Redmond W. Terwilliger carried, in his cursed right hand, the ability to crush a tank, pulverize an enemy, break through walls, and smash trees to splinters. Every bit of this power was possible thanks to the curse energizing his evil hand.
He just couldn’t move it.
At least, he couldn’t move it very well. Behind him was a pile of crushed cardboard cartons. Within each crushed cardboard carton was an equally crushed lead-crystal vase. To his left was a stack of uncrushed cartons, each of these containing an uncrushed version of the smashed vases behind him. On his lap, Terwilliger had a pair of scissors, a roll of Scotch tape, and a large roll of metallic red-and-green wrapping paper.
Taking the next still-not-yet-smashed vase from the pile, Terwilliger tried, very carefully, to fold the wrapping paper around the box with only his left hand. He was careful to apply tape to each corner. This was a delicate process, but with time, patience, and practice, he was quite certain he could eventually complete the rather vexing process of wrapping a holiday present for Lyla, his mother. She was a—
“WHORE! MANFIST-HUGGING, CLOWN-STROKING, EYE-BUTTING WHORE!” screamed Redmond W. Terwilliger, as he accidentally crushed the package with his cursed hand.
“Eye butt,” said F.F. McArmbreaker, chuckling. “Heh. Eye butt.”
Terwilliger whirled, his lazy eye squinting, his pop-eye popping. The burly McArmbreaker, whose face was as craggy as a Triscuit the size of a mountain but, you know, in proportion to a human head, and who wore a gold metallic Buddhist mumu with his black slacks and combat boots, ran a hand over his bald head and then stroked the chin-beard he affected. McArmbreaker was one of a twin pair of henchmen the Cursed Hand retained. When he realized he had angered his master, McArmbreaker bowed his head.
“My apologies, Cursed Hand,” McArmbreaker said. “I was just thinking I might, you know, wrap that for you.”
“Mother will know,” Terwilliger said. “I have to do it myself.”
“Okay, boss,” said McArmbreaker.
“Is Crotch Punchington in position?” Terwilliger asked. He stuck the tip of his tongue from his mouth and very, very carefully began to wrap another unbroken vase.
“He is,” McArmbreaker said. “Although I’m not sure I understand why.”
“You said you did,” Terwilliger said accusingly.
“Uh, sir, if you could just, you know...”
“No, I don’t know,” said Terwilliger. The vase within the box shattered with a musical tinkling beneath his giant metal fist. Terwilliger clenched his teeth together. His face turned very red.
“If you could just... er, review the plan out loud,” McArmbreaker prompted.
Terwilliger sighed. “I am getting so tired of this,” he said quietly. More loudly, he said, in an exasperated sing-song, “I have decided that the path to true super-villainy lies in pestering people about the food they eat, because who in the world is more annoying than those radio and television personalities who are always telling you what you should and shouldn’t eat? If I can control what people eat, I will effectively run their lives, and if I run their lives, I am a powerful villain indeed.” Terwilliger paused to take a breath.
“And so...” McArmbreaker prompted.
“And so,” the Cursed Hand said, annoyed, “to that end I have arranged to create a beef shortage in North America by contaminating beef supplies throughout the world, but I’m not going to tell you how I did that because it might make for a good gag later and probably has something to do with Crotch Punchington molesting cows. But anyway there’s one chain of fast food restaurants in North America that is inexplicably unaffected by the beef shortage and continues to sell fattening hamburgers to Americans, and I need to make them suffer. And Crotch Punchington is doing something that will accomplish this, but we won’t reveal what that is yet. And the restaurant chain is called Gordo’s and the food they sell is very fattening.”
McArmbreaker nodded enthusiastically.
“May I finish wrapping Mother’s present now?” Terwilliger demanded. He began painstakingly folding the last of his wrapping paper over the last of his cardboard cartons.
“Sure, Boss,” McArmbreaker said, bowing as he backed out of the Outrage Room. “I’m sure Lyla will appreciate it. Why, one look at your present and she’ll know you’re a—”
“SON OF A BITCH!” screamed Redmond W. Terwilliger.

* * *

The two hikers held each other. Lost and cold, they sat in the snow, staring helplessly at the sodden tree branches they had collected. They shivered, their teeth chattering.
“We’re going to die here, Dave,” said one.
“Up yours, Jim” said Dave. “All we have to do is hold out for the search and rescue team.”
“It’s your fault,” said Jim. “You’re the one who wanted to hike off the main trail. Now we’re lost and we’re going to freeze to death before they can rescue us because we don’t have anything to start a—”
“Aaaaarrrrrrrggggggghhhhhhhh!” screamed a man, dressed as a ninja and trailing smoke and ash. His legs pumped furiously as he churned through the deep snow. When he passed the two hikers, he ran directly over their firewood.
The campfire sprung to blazing, blessedly warm life.
“I don’t believe it,” said Jim.
“It’s... it’s a Christmas miracle,” said Dave.
“Aaaaarrrrgggghhhhh!” said the flaming ninja as he ran off into the distance.

* * *

Doctor Coplawyer pressed the concealed stud underneath his desk. A hidden panel in his office wall parted, revealing a darkened chamber within. Coplawyer entered the chamber, closed the panel, and knelt on the holographic projector. In moments the image of the Shadow President, who was performing a full split on a piece of home gymnasium equipment while holding a heavy compound bow at full draw, appeared in the air before Coplawyer.
“What is thy bidding, my mas—”
“I told you to knock that crap off,” said the Shadow President. He eased the pressure on the bow, set it and the arrow aside, and turned his bearded glare fully on Coplawyer. “You’re the one that hologrammed ME, you know. I still don’t see why you can’t just call me on the phone.”
“Er,” said Coplawyer. “Yes sir. I am pleased to report that Agent Manfist has accepted the assignment to become Santa Claus.”
“You give him the bonus money?”
“Uh, about that sir,” Coplawyer said. “Agent Manfist refused any form of additional compensation.”
“You did explain that it was worth a whole pile of money to those K.R.A.M.P.U.S. people, didn’t you?”
“I did, sir,” Coplawyer said. “Agent Manfist simply is not motivated by money, nor did the promise of more of it stir him significantly.”
“No,” chuckled the Shadow President, “I bet it wouldn’t. So why’d he say yes? God and country?”
“Uh... to a certain extent, sir,” Coplawyer said. “Uh... also... he explicitly demanded... Well, sir...”
“Spit it out, Doctor,” said the Shadow President. “What did he demand?”
“Complete access to the Naughty and Nice List, sir,” Coplawyer admitted.
“You... you didn’t.”
“I’m afraid I did, sir,” said Coplawyer. “It was the only way to secure his cooperation.”
The Shadow President bowed his head. “God help us all,” he said. Looking up again, he said, “I love the boy, but Duke... well, he’s special, Doctor, and to my knowledge he’s never had any kind of power beyond what he carries in his fists.”
“I would agree with that assessment, sir.”
“Yet you’ve handed him the Naughty and Nice List. That’s near omnipotent power. You’ve just handed a loaded gun to a monkey from the future, Doctor.”
“I... uh, what, sir?”
“When the talking monkeys from the future land on the beach in their space capsule,” the Shadow President said patiently, “you don’t hand them guns. You kill them right away so they don’t take over your planet and mess up your national monuments.”
“Uh... Yes, sir. Of course, sir. I’m sure Agent Manfist will use whatever power we grant him with professionalism and restraint—”
Some time later, it occurred to Doctor Coplawyer that a hologram should not be able to punch him in the nose. As he removed the blood-caked wads of tissue from his nostrils, that fact of physics was little comfort compared to the painful reality of incurring the Shadow President’s ire. 

* * *

Crotch Punchington, who had a face like a moldy cinderblock, a shaved head, and a body like a dumpster, tugged at his stolen Gordo’s employee uniform with distaste. He did not like wearing this getup. He did not like it one bit. The paper hat kept sliding off his scalp. He had finally used Scotch tape to hold it in place.
Cracking his knuckles and rubbing his groin, his heavy steel-capped boots scuffing the linoleum of the Community Center, Punchington stopped at the bulletin board. He found the brightly colored flier he was looking for. It showed a cartoon image of the continent of Africa, striped in the nation’s traditional colors.
“This is gonna be fun,” said Crotch Punchington.

PART 5: CHEST, NUTS ROASTING ON AN OPEN FIRE
“Duke Manfist’s personal phone,” said Ken Goodspeed pleasantly.
“This is Doctor Coplawyer,” said Doctor Coplawyer. “Why isn’t Agent Manfist answering his phone? Has he... has he been killed?”
“No sir, Doctor Coplawyer, sir,” said Goodspeed. “He just doesn’t really like his phone and keeps breaking the ones you give him, so I offered to take his calls for him.”
“Gotta hand it to you Doc,” Manfist said loud enough for Coplawyer to hear. “Maybe what we needed all along was a puppy specialist.”
“I was a kitten and puppy specialist,” Goodpseed put in. “Kittens too.”
“Shut it, Nancy,” Manfist said happily. It was the least menacing “Shut it, Nancy” he had ever uttered.
“You’re supposed to be responding to the report of a Kwanzaa Supremacist attack on the Gordo’s on Maple Street,” said Coplawyer.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Duke Manfist said. “I hear you. Gordo’s. Maple. On our way.”
“What happened to the Code 451?”
“He got away again,” Manfist said, his mood souring. “He always gets away. I told you, he’s quick. I’d probably be better off just waiting in one spot long enough for him to show up.”
Coplawyer sighed audibly. “Very well. I will inform you the next time we get word of a sighting.”
“Whatever, Mary,” Manfist waved one hand dismissively. “What’s with these Kwanzaa characters, anyway? They got something against good food?”
“To be honest, Mister Manfist, I’ve always found Gordo’s kind of disgusting,” Goodspeed said.
“You don’t mean that, Deadmeat,” Manfist shook his head. “Gordo’s is the only chain in America you can even get a decent burger anymore. Everybody else is complaining about the cow shortage.”
“You keep calling me that,” Goodspeed said. “Is that, like, my code name?”
“Sure, Nancy,” Manfist said. 
“If I might continue?” said Coplawyer through the phone. 
“Whatever,” said Duke.
“The Kwanzaa Supremacists have been something of a nagging problem since the early 1970s,” Coplawyer explained. “From their initial creation in the 1960s as a separatist group, they have continually challenged the Noel Accords. What is strange is that they have no history of secular activism. Gordo’s has no connection to the current situation, at least not that I can determine. It makes no sense that the chain would be involved.”
“You think these Kwanzaa dillholes know that Santa’s out of commission?” Duke asked. “Maybe they’re doing something while the big man’s down. Trying to move into the power vacuum.”
Coplawyer was silent for a long moment. “Duke,” he finally said, “that is... actually quite insightful. The possibility had occurred to me, yes.”
“I keep telling you I’m not stupid,” Manfist grumbled.
“Yes. Well. Do what you can to contain the Kwanzaa Supremacists,” Coplawyer instructed. “Report back to Secret Headquarters when your mission is concluded. Perhaps in confronting these people you will uncover information that is of use to us. Have you been studying the Santa Handbook Documentation?”
Manfist looked at Goodspeed and shot him a wink. To the phone, he said, “Yeah. Sure, Doc.” The pile of papers Coplawyer had given him was, in fact, lying in a crumpled wad under the driver’s seat of the HUMWAY.
“Be thorough,” Coplawyer warned. “You have only until tomorrow to learn what you can before you embark on the Christmas Eve deliveries. Representatives from K.R.A.M.P.U.S. will be delivering the sleigh and cargo tomorrow afternoon promptly at 5:00 pm. You will have twenty-four hours from that time to complete your mission.”
“Got it,” said Duke.
“Uh... Agent Manfist, have you been... using the Naughty and Nice List?”
Duke hesitated. The list was in the cargo pocket of his camouflaged pants. “Probably not,” he said.
“Probably not?”
“Almost probably,” Duke said. “Uh, Doc, I think I’m losing your signal. Driving into a dead zone here.”
“Shwwwooooochhhhhhwarblblblbloblb,” said Ken Goodspeed helpfully, imitating static.
“What was that, Goodspeed?” Coplawyer said.
Duke reached out and pushed the “disconnect” button. Goodspeed smiled at him.
“You know, Dead... I mean, Ken,” Duke said, “you’re all right.”
“Thanks, Mister Manfist.”
“Take the wheel, will you?” Manfist said. He let go and plucked the phone from Goodspeed’s hand. “I got some calls to make.” Goodspeed barely had time to grab the HUMWAY’s steering wheel before they veered into the next lane and crushed oncoming traffic.
Duke dialed a number. Referring to the Naughty and Nice List again before shoving it back into his pants, he waited. Then he said, “Yeah. Federal United Express? Yeah, I got an account number...”

* * *

Duke parked the HUMWAY in front of the Gordo’s fast food franchise restaurant.
“Here we are,” he said. “Maple Avenue.”
“Uh, Mister Manfist?” Goodspeed said. “I thought Doctor Coplawyer said Maple Street, not Avenue.”
“Did he?” Manfist said. “Huh. Well, let’s check for Kwanzaa Supremes anyway.” Goodspeed gave his .38 a pat as Duke Manfist checked his Jackson Industries pistol. The two men entered the side door of the Gordo’s.
 The smell of frying meat hung in the air like a bulimic hobo wrapped in a tablecloth made of bacon and soaked in maple syrup. Duke paused just inside the doorway to take a deep, satisfied breath.
“That smell you’re smelling?” Duke Manfist told Goodspeed. “That smell is... justice.”
“It smells like someone set Chaz Bono on fire,” Goodspeed said.
“Chaz Bono wrapped in bacon, maybe,” Manfist said. He began stomping around the Gordo’s. Overweight patrons looked up from where they were wedged in their booths. The teenaged staff eyed him nervously. On the walls, stylized paintings of Gordo’s entrees touted items like the restaurant’s famous Pizza stuffed with Pizza layered on Stuffed Pizza with Cheese, Gordo’s critically acclaimed Cubic Liter of Ham Fat, and the newly introduced Eat’n’Healthy Chocolate-Covered Popcorn Cod Clumps. The decor was bright, loud, and irritating in exactly the way red-haired, freckled, weight-lifting Vegas prop comics are also all of those things.
Only one man ignored Duke Manfist. That man had a camera crew with him.
An unassuming man with a mustache, wearing a photographer’s vest and a baseball cap, was standing at the counter of the Gordo’s. The crew behind him held a camera on the scene and balanced a boom mike overhead. The girl behind the counter was staring at the man with a look of utter horror on her face.
“You heard me,” said the man. “I said I want to order one of everything. The biggest size you have. Of each.”
“But sir,” said the girl, “I’m not sure... I mean... does that seem like a good idea?”
“Why wouldn’t it be?” said the man, blinking his eyes at her in obviously faked ignorance. “This is a fine American restaurant, isn’t it? You wouldn’t be serving anything that is... unhealthy... would you?”
“Sir, our menu consists of at least twenty entrees and thirty sides,” said the girl, snapping her bubblegum. “That’s enough to feed forty people or the fat one from Wilson Phillips.” She had short blonde hair and a body that did wonderful things to her tight uniform shirt, Duke noted.
“Now that’s just hurtful,” said Ken Goodspeed quietly.
Duke Manfist looked at Goodspeed curiously.
“What?” Goodspeed said. “Have you even heard their Christmas in Harmony album?”
“Christmas with Carnie was better,” Duke Manfist said.
“Her solo rendition of Santa Baby was not representative of her abilities,” Goodspeed countered.
“Purist,” Manfist said, shaking his head.
“...And I think maybe you’re hiding the evil, fattening, murderous food your corporate masters push on the American people!” said the customer to the girl behind the counter. He stuck a finger in the girl’s face, causing her to back up.
“Hey,” said Duke Manfist. “Nancy. Dial it down.”
The man turned to glare at Duke. His camera crew turned with him. “And just who do you think you are?”
“Let’s start with who you are, Mary,” Manfist said. He took a step forward.
“I am the great Milgram Spurnloom!” said the man. He paused, looking expectant.
“So?” Manfist said.
“...MILGRAM SPURNLOOM!” Spurnloom announced again. “Eh? EH?”
“No takers, Nancy,” Manfist said, and casually slapped Spurnloom in the crotch with the back of his hand.
Spurnloom hit the floor immediately, his face turning the exact shade of a broken lava lamp. His camera crew and mike operator closed in on him for maximum effect.
“I think I’ve heard of him, Mister Manfist,” said Goodspeed. “He does some sort of gonzo-documentary show on one of those cable channels. My wife enjoys it. Last week he drank a tanker-truck full of milk to prove that dairy products are unhealthy.”
“How does that prove anything about anything?” Duke said.
“It’s his trademark,” Goodspeed said. “‘Extreme near-truth,’ he calls it. The week before last he smuggled a shipment of AK-47 assault rifles into an elementary school to prove that guns are too dangerous for civilians to own.”
“That true, Spermluge?” Manfist demanded, poking Spurnloom with the toe of one combat boot.
“Spurn...loom...” said Spurnloom, whose face was exploring the frontiers of the color crimson.
“Whatever,” Duke said. He reached down and grabbed Spurnloom by the neck, lifting him up to his tiptoes. “You were gonna do a hatchet job on Gordo’s, weren’t you? That’s why you were gonna order one of everything on the menu. That it? Eat yourself half to death and then claim my favorite restaurant isn’t healthy?”
“But it isn’t healthy,” Spurnloom wheezed.
“And there ain’t a single person eats here who doesn’t know it already!” Manfist growled. He pointed to a man nearby. He wore a shower curtain as a shirt and was parked in a personal electric scooter in front of one of the handicapped booths, grazing from a Gordo’s trademarked Trough of Ranch Dressing. “You there!” Duke yelled. “Gigantor!”
“Me?” said the man in the shower curtain.
“Yeah, you,” said Duke. “Spend a lot of time at the gym, do you?”
“I want to die stuffed with chili-cheese fries,” said the man, shaking his head.
“I think I’m sad now,” said Ken Goodspeed.
Manfist kept pointing to people in the Gordo’s. “You eat here because it’s healthy?” he demanded.
“No,” said one. “I eat here because my life is empty.”
“I enjoy angina” said another.
“I can’t get deep-fried syrup anywhere else,” said a third.
“They may be fat,” said Duke, shaking Spurnloom like a rag doll, “and they may be praying for the sweet release of death to put a stop to the endless, aching loneliness that is their day to day lives, and by God, their good to bad cholesterol whatchamajiggers might be all out of whack, but they’re not stupid, Spornloogie.”
“Spurnloom,” choked Spurnloom.
“They’re Americans,” said Duke Manfist, “and an American’s got a right to eat an unhealthy lunch stuffed with an unhealthy breakfast served with a deep-fried serving of unhealthy snacks! They don’t need a hysterical dick like you trying to make out like they’re victims.”
“I am...” choked Spurnloom, who was now a series of vivid colors comparable to the Northern Lights, if the Northern Lights were being choked to death by Duke Manfist. “I am... a student... of Mikhail Bloor...”
“Who?” Manfist said. He squeezed a little harder.
“Snap,” said Milgram Spurnloom. “Crackle. Pop.”
His neck broken, Milgram Spurnloom collapsed limply to the floor of the Gordo’s.
“Not my fault,” said Duke Manfist.
“Don’t hurt us!” said the camera and microphone crew. “We’re Ivory Tower academics working through a for-credit internship!”
“Hey!” Goodspeed called out. “What’s that one doing?”
The microphone guy had pulled a large metal flashlight from his pocket. He ran for the nearest plate glass window. Duke Manfist, ever alert to the danger, picked up one of the two cameramen and beat the other cameraman unconscious with the first. Then he hurled his improvised weapon at the microphone guy. The two academics conferred briefly and painfully in mid-air as their skulls cracked together.
The flashlight hit the floor and switched on, projecting a blinding white beam out the window.
Duke looked outside. “What the hell...?” he asked.
Projected on the gathering rainclouds above, a bright red hammer and sickle glowed faintly.
“It’s... the fat signal...” said one of the dying cameramen.
“The what now?” Duke Manfist said.
“I don’t think I like the sound of that,” said Ken Goodspeed.

PART 6: GRANDMA GOT RUN OVER BY AN ARMORED PERSONNEL CARRIER
“This Capitalist concentration camp, established for the sole and underlying purpose of oppressing those innocent members of the proletariat forced to work here, is now OCCUPIED,” blustered the enormously fat man in the oversized tweed blazer. A tiny baseball cap was perched on the crown of his jack-o-lantern-sized head. Heavy jowls covered in three days’ worth of beard stubble hung on either side of his soft, round face. He carried a microphone in one hand, the wire from which had been cut and simply swung freely from the end of the mike. In his other hand he carried a copy of Mao’s Little Red Book. The t-shirt he wore under his blazer bore a silhouette of Che Guevara’s face. On his plump wrist he wore a fifteen-thousand-dollar wristwatch. As he entered the Gordo’s restaurant franchise, he was followed by an army of filthy, scratching, smelling Caucasian hippies, all of them sporting filth-caked dreadlocks and expensive designer clothes.
“Who the blooming onion are you?” Duke Manfist demanded. He had been searching the corpse of Milgram Spurnloom for clues. Seized by some bizarre impulse, he ran his huge hand under the back of Spurnloom’s shirt and, grabbing Spurnloom’s broken neck, worked the corpse like a puppet.
“Yeah,” he said, pitching his voice high and speaking from the corner of his mouth. “Who the hell are you, chump?”
“Well I’m not sure that’s tasteful,” said Ken Goodspeed.
“I am Mikhail Bloor!” announced the florid, vaguely gelatinous man with the broken microphone. “I was summoned here by the fat signal.”
“Oh, right,” said Duke Manfist.
“Oh, right,” said Milgram Spurnloom in Duke Manfist’s high-pitched voice. Tiring of the game, Manfist cast the corpse aside.
Bloor looked horrified. “You... you will pay for desecrating the body of my favorite student!” Bloor thundered. His entire, enormous body shook as he said the words. Beads of sweat formed on his face and chin from the exertion of talking and standing upright at once. “I taught Milgram Spurnloom everything he knew about distorting the truth and packaging propaganda as documentary!”
“He’s right, Mister Manfist,” said Goodspeed, who was surrounded by a mob of angry, lice-ridden hippies now occupying the Gordo’s. “My wife watches Entertainment This Evening. They did a whole special on Spurnloom and how he was a film student at the university where Mikhail Bloor teaches.”
“Natch,” said Manfist. “I seen the same show. This one,” he jerked his impossibly strong chin at the body of Spurnloom, “was a puppet to Carnie Wilson here.”
“Hey!” Bloor yelled.
“That’s really very mean, Mister Manfist,” Goodpseed shook his head disapprovingly
“THAT’S REALLY VERY MEAN,” chanted the hippies occupying Gordo’s.
“Oh hell no,” Duke Manfist said. “I am not putting up with that again.” He whipped the Jackson Industries pistol from his holster and leveled it at Bloor.
“You cannot silence the will of the workers!” Bloor roared. His entire body was steaming from the effort of doing so much talking and so much not-sitting. “The masses will rise up to take what is rightfully theirs from the fat-cat rich Capitalist dogs who exploit them!”
“Exactly which ‘workers’ are you talking about, Goodyear?” Manfist said.
“What?” Bloor stopped, confused. 
“I mean,” said Duke Manfist from behind his huge pistol, “how do you, exactly, represent the workers of the world uniting and such? Last I knew you made about a hundred gazillion dollars off your book and movie deal. What was it called? Fat People Who Don’t Vote for the People That I Do Are Fat and Stupid, wasn’t it?”
“You’re confusing me with that comedian, Al Frankly,” Bloor said darkly. “I hate when people do that.”
“He’s right, Mister Manfist,” Ken Goodspeed said cheerfully. One of the occupiers had him in a headlock and another was trying either to check him for lice or give him some. Manfist wasn’t sure which. “Mister Bloor did the successful Why America Should Be More Like Canada series. His latest release is the Oscar-winning documentary, Cuba Has Great Schools.”
“Haven’t seen ‘em,” said Duke Manfist. “They popular?”
“Mister Bloor’s net worth is estimated at 600 million dollars,” said Goodspeed.
“Or five hundred thousand Canadian,” Bloor taunted. “I was born in Canada, you know. Became a naturalized citizen so I could bring wisdom to this benighted country. I started poor, and I’ve worked my way up to be... slightly less poor. But I am no fat cat!”
“You look pretty fat to me,” Duke offered.
“You do, Mister Bloor,” Goodspeed said apologetically.
“No bank holds my riches!” Bloor shouted. Sweat was streaming off him in waves now, leaving puddles under the rolled-up legs of his jeans. “I am not a rich oppressor! I am a man of the people—”
“Knock knock,” said Duke Manfist.
“Eh?” Bloor shuddered, grinding to a halt in mid-rant. “What?”
“I said knock, knock,” said Duke Manfist. He pulled the trigger of his pistol.
“Aaarrgghh!” screamed Bloor, grabbing himself around the shoulders.
“AAARRRGGGHHH!” screamed the occupiers.
“Aaarggh,” said Goodspeed pleasantly, apparently getting into the spirit of the thing. The hippies nearest him began tugging at his pants, their thoughts most likely turning to rape.
The Jackson Industries pistol made a whimpering noise. Duke shrugged and put it back in its holster. “You’re supposed to say ‘who’s there,’” he said. “Now, one last time. Knock, knock.”
“Wh-wh-wh-wh-who’s there?” Bloor said, shaking.
“With,” grinned Duke Manfist toothily.
“W-w-w-with who?” Bloor asked.
“He’s going to say, ‘WITH MY FIST,’” said Goodspeed hopefully.
“...WITH MY FIST!” shouted the hippie mob.
Duke Manfist sighed heavily and punched Mikhail Bloor in the face.
Bloor shot quarters from his nose, pelting Duke Manfist in the head. A slow stream of nickels and dimes followed.
“Oh, no,” bleated Bloor.
“What the hell?” said Duke Manfist.
“WHAT THE HELL?” said the mob.
“What the hell?” said Milgram Spurnloom in Duke’s high-pitched voice, as Duke operated him like a puppet again.
“He... he got fatter and fatter as he got richer,” said Goodspeed, trying with limited success to keep the hippies holding him from bending him over the serving counter. “He never put his money in a bank... because he ate it all!”
Duke’s nose twitched. His chin shot up. He dropped Milgram Spurnloom’s corpse.
“FLAMING ARROW!” he shouted, and dove across the room.
The burning arrow punched through the plate glass window and seared into Duke Manfist’s flesh as Manfist, without quite knowing what had come over him, pushed Ken Goodspeed out of the way.
Mikhail Bloor started laughing. With each chortle, rolls of flesh rippled on his face and neck in a glistening, blubbery avalanche. Several Canadian Loonies popped from his mouth and rattled to the floor. He clapped a thick hand over his mouth, aghast.
Duke Manfist had an arrow in his butt cheek.
“OW!” Duke Manfist said, fanning at his backside with one hand. “Oh, crap, I totally get the whole ‘Burning Ring of Fire’ thing now!”
“Burp!” said Mikhail Bloor, shooting crumpled one-dollar bills from his mouth.
“Kwanzaa now!” shouted a new chorus of voices. “Kwanzaa then! Kwanzaa forever! We have destroyed our first Gordo’s, and now we will destroy this one!”
“Uh oh,” said Goodspeed from the floor. “It was Maple Street.”
“Not my fault,” said Duke Manfist.
The newcomers were dressed in a mish-mash of African and Jamaican clothing, wearing colorfully baggy woolen hats and large necklaces with silhouettes of Africa hanging from them. They carried a mixture of modern and primitive weaponry, including flaming arrows, spears, and machineguns.
“Gordo’s has dared profane the sacred pre-Kwanzaa holiday period,” said the leader, whose knit hat was slightly larger than the hats of his fellow Supremacists. “We will make Gordo’s pay!”
“Since when is there a pre-holiday Kwanzaa thing?” Duke asked.
“Urp,” said Mikhail Bloor. A roll of quarters fell out of his pant leg.
“URP!” said the hippies.
“Kwanzaa is a culturally rich celebration of our ancient African heritage!” screamed the wild-eyed leader.
“So ancient it was made up about forty years ago?” Duke asked.
“I said culturally rich!” screamed the Kwanzaa leader.
“Yeah, and it just happens to fall on the calendar after the Christmas stuff is over and before the New Year’s stuff commences. Kinda convenient, don’t you think?”
“I have a list of Swahili words for things somewhere in my notes!” insisted the Kwanzaa Supremacist.
“Yeah, and you give gifts and light a menorah,” said Duke. “Original.”
“It is a Kwanzaa candelabra!” screamed the Supremacist. “The candles have African names for African concepts that celebrate Africa! Also, AFRICA!”
“How long they been celebrating Kwanzaa in Africa?” Duke asked.
The Supremacist was silent for a long moment. Finally, he said, “They... do not. We are forced to celebrate it here. To... keep us connected to our roots.”
“Roots? Where were you born, Lieutenant Uhura?” Duke Manfist said.
“...What?” asked the Supremacist leader.
“HE SAID WHERE WERE YOU BORN,” chanted the occupying hippies.
Mikhail Bloor bent at the waist and began quietly vomiting pennies and five-dollar bills.
“I... was born in Michigan,” said the Supremacist.
“Right,” said Duke Manfist. “Kinda my point. Also, butt arrow.”
“Butt arrow?” asked the Supremacist.
“Burnt butt arrow,” said Duke Manfist, wrenching the arrow from his buttock and slamming it through the neck of the Kwanzaa leader.
Ken Goodspeed’s face illuminated. Duke knew that look; he had been a teenager once, and that was the look of somebody about to do mischief. Goodspeed was glancing around the Gordo’s, up at the Supremacists, and across the restaurant at the hippies. Finally, he yelled, “FOOD FIGHT!”
“FOOD FIGHT!” screamed the hippies.
Chaos erupted.
The hippies set upon the Kwanzaa Supremacists. Spear met Birkenstock met Ski Jacket met Flaming arrow. Machetes were drawn. The Kwanzaa Supremacists opened fire with their weapons. Bullets burned the air. The patrons and the hippies began hurling food, then pieces of furniture, then ingredients from behind the counter. The Gordo’s employees joined in too, throwing frozen, uncooked burgers from the freezer. Duke caught one in mid-throw, roasted it super-rare over the flames still leaping from the seat of his pants, and took a large bite of it.
“This burger I’m going to eat with my butt on fire?” he said to no one in particular. “This burger’s going to get eaten... for justice.”
“Yoink,” said Bloor, dribbling currency. He snatched the burger from Duke Manfist’s hand and tried to run to the corner of the restaurant. Still belching fives, tens, and twenties, he ripped off half of the still mostly-frozen Gordo’s burger and popped it in his giant maw. “It’s been so long!” he said. “It’s been so long since I had... a... wait,” he paused. “This tastes like...”
“It tastes like an ass-kicking,” growled Duke Manfist, slamming his combat boot into Mikhail Bloor’s ribs. “Too bad for you I’m going in through the front!”
“KA-CHING!” said Mikhail Bloor. A torrent of money gushed from his mouth as he fell to his hands and knees, retching his previously eaten wealth. But Duke Manfist was not finished.
“You know something, Bloor?” Manfist said, punching Mikhail Bloor in the face. Half-dollars spun through Bloor’s teeth. “I got a television in the HUMWAY. And whenever I go on my federally-mandated breaks, I watch it. I watch a lot of television. People think I’m stupid, Bloor.”
“Chugawugawugawuga,” said Bloor, as rolls of hundred-dollar bills began spooling up out of his throat. Around the two men, the Kwanzaa Supremacists and the hippie mob of occupiers were tearing the place apart, murdering each other with zealous abandon. Even Ken Goodspeed managed to get off a few rounds from his pistol, although he was obviously trying very hard not to upset anyone.
“But I’m not stupid,” said Duke Manfist. “I get all my news and information about current events from popular television programming. You know what that makes me, Bloor? You know what that makes me?”
“VLECCHHH,” said Mikhail Bloor, projectile-vomiting a gold bar, a handful of uncut diamonds, and a single harmonica.
“You... ate a harmonica?” Duke Manfist said.
“I... I just like the taste,” admitted Bloor. Pennies rolled from his ears. “What... what does that make you?”
“Oh, that,” Duke Manfist said. “I watch television. That makes me as smart... as the AVERAGE AMERICAN,” he announced triumphantly. 
It was suddenly very quiet in the Gordo’s.
Ken Goodspeed was staring. The few hippies and Kwanzaa Supremacists who were not dead were staring. Even Mikhail Bloor, busy retching up every dime he had ever earned, took the time to stare at Duke awkwardly.
Duke frowned. “Fine,” he said. “You like harmonicas, Bloor?”
“Mister Manfist, I just got a text message from Secret Headquarters,” said Ken Goodspeed, as he very politely pistol-whipped one of the hippies. “They said Santa Claus is awake! He’s come out of his coma, sir!”
Manfist nodded. He slammed his left fist into Mikhail Bloor, dropping the rotund documentarian to the floor. Bloor looked up at Manfist with blood in his eyes. 
“There’s good news, and there’s bad news,” said Duke.
“The good news is you’re going to let me live?” Bloor said. He coughed up a paper sack of pesos.
“No,” Duke Manfist shook his head. “The good news is that Santa’s come out of his coma. The bad news is that I don’t play the harmonica.”
“I don’t understand,” wailed Bloor. A single ruby was now lodged in one of his nostrils.
“I play this,” said Duke Manfist. “It’s got a lot of sharp edges.”
“Where did you even get a banjo?” asked Goodspeed.

PART 7: IT WAS THE NIGHT BEFORE... MY FIST!
The day of Christmas Eve dawned bright, crisp, and clear. All was as it had been on countless other Christmas Eves in years past, except for two very special exceptions. One was that Santa Claus, the man who had delivered presents to good little boys and girls on Christmas Eve for centuries, was not this day preparing to make his annual journey.
The other was that countless Federal United Express trucks had been dispatched in his name.
Federal United Express and other delivery businesses had long been available to the North Pole, but Santa had steadfastly refused to use them. He was, at his heart, an idealist, a traditionalist who believed using special delivery services cheated the many goodhearted souls who deserved the gifts he brought them. In many cases, the use of deliveries of this kind was forbidden by the Noel Accords (such as, say, to fulfill critical components of a Christmas Eve delivery schedule, which was why deliveries to the home of the Froelichs was not an option). Overflow deliveries were allowed, and for non-critical placements, but Claus generally did not use his personal accounts. He preferred to do things the way they had been done for ages.
Duke Manfist suffered no such inhibitions.
So it was that throughout the morning of Christmas Eve that year, Christmas presents arrived at the homes, workplaces, and hideouts of countless individuals, many of whom thought themselves quite safe from discovery... and all of whom nonetheless received a very special Christmas present from Duke Manfist.

* * *

In his mother’s basement, wearing only his bathrobe and a pair of flip-flops, Chip Harris sat on his futon, staring at his broken PlayBox gaming console. He had just spent six months working his way through all the levels of SoulSucker Final Legacy Twelve, only to have the machine crash and corrupt his saved games on the last level.
A single tear rolled down Chip Harris’ cheek. Otherwise, he did not move.
Chip had a lot of time on his hands these days.
After corporate layoffs at Globular Wireless had resulted in a pink slip for Chip, he had been forced to go on unemployment. Already living with his mother, his day-to-day life didn’t change much, except that he was around the house more to hear from her just how disappointed she was in her son. With very little money left after paying off his student loans ― paying close to a hundred thousand dollars to earn a doctorate in Communications seemed kind of pointless to him now — he had lost his girlfriend to his poverty. His friends had found his deepening depression off-putting, so they had left him. Even his online gaming clan had started to shun him, and just tonight, he had been kicked out permanently from the video chat room he frequented at nights. He was “bringing everybody down,” they had said.
Chip Harris had decided to kill himself.
Tying off the belt from his bathrobe on one of the exposed pipes overhead, Chip reflected that Christmas morning was something he could not face. As he endured the chill resulting from his robe hanging open, his chest heaved with great, wracking sobs. His mother had already informed him that she had not bought him any presents. “Losers at life don’t get rewards,” she had told him.
He could not disagree.
He supposed that, if one, just one present came for him... if just one of his friends refused to abandon him... if he got so much as a card, why, he could probably find a reason to go on living.
But nothing was going to come, and putting off his death just to relearn that painful fact while waiting out Christmas day wasn’t going to make things any better.
He ripped the PlayBox console from its cables and set it on top of his futon. Climbing on top of the console, he wrapped the bathrobe belt around his neck. He considered leaving a note for his mother but, given her attitude, he decided he would not bother.
His only act of forethought and consideration had been to remove and throw away the extensive cache of pornography he kept in his room. If they were going to find him dead down here, the least he could do was go out with some dignity. He did not want the world to remember him as a lonely porn-hound with nothing going for him.
Goodbye, cruel world, he thought.
The doorbell rang.
The sound almost startled him into falling off the console. He loosened the belt from the ceiling and tossed it over his shoulder, out of the way. Robe still open, he climbed down off the box and went to the foot of the stairs. “Mom?” he called. “Mom!”
There was no answer. The doorbell rang again. He remembered that his mother was out. She had yelled down something about going to the store, but he had been distracted by the failure of his PlayBox.
Hiding behind the front door, he opened it. There were two Federal United Express packages waiting for him. He felt more tears coming. Not just one package. There were two. Two of his friends had remembered. Two people thought his life was worth living!
He tore open the first box. It was full of broken flip-phones and a warranty replacement form. It was signed, “Duke Manfist.”
Chip Harris almost cried again. But he still had one more package. That one would be from one of his friends―
The second box, too, was from Duke Manfist.
Chip Harris felt his face go flat. Without really seeing where he was walking, he stumbled back toward his basement, opening the second package as he went. He remembered Manfist; it would have been impossible not to remember him. The box of broken cellphones erroneously sent to Chip Harris’ home address only mocked Chip’s failed tenure with the company. How had Manfist even gotten his home address?
Inside the second box was a sex toy the size of a rock tumbler.
There was a card. It read, “You’re a nerd, and nerds like stuff like this, right? Thanks for helping me with all my phones. You’re all right, Chuck.”
Chip’s mouth fell open. The toy was a bright blue, molded after a detailed screen-shot replica of the fabulously sexy aliens in the runaway smash movie hit, Extra Avatar: the Terrestrial. So popular had been the movie that nerds across the country had started writing dirty fan fiction about the film’s female alien stars. This had begun when the first preview trailers were released. 
The officially licensed replica naughty-parts were worth over a hundred dollars retail. The sex toy was also something so shamingly perverted that it was a running gag on late-night comedians’ talk shows.
He had to hide it. He had to hide it before mother—
Chip Harris tripped.
As he felt himself falling through space as if in slow motion, hurtling toward the concrete floor at the base of the stairs, he knew a moment’s peace that his pain would finally be over.
That was, until he realized his mother would find him half-naked and dead at the bottom of the stairs, with a belt around his neck and latex replica alien genitals clutched in his hands.
“Noooooooooooo―” screamed Chip Harris.

* * *

At the austere efficiency studio apartment he maintained, F.F. McArmbreaker paused in his meditation when he heard a knock at the door. He sighed. Well, he had to go to work anyway. The Cursed Hand did not recognize any national holidays except Black Friday, and that was only because he thought it had something to do with either Satan or the Bubonic Plague.
Opening the door while smoothing his chin-beard, McArmbreaker looked down and was surprised to find a package wrapped in colorful Christmas paper. He picked it up, tore it open, and found himself staring, dumbfounded, at the contents.
Inside was a single brick of what appeared to be children’s modeling clay. It bore the imprint of a fist. The card inside read, “Having a great time. Wish you here. So I could punch you in the face.” It was signed, “Duke Manfist.” 

* * *

At the office of the Shadow President, in a secret bunker deep beneath the not-so-secret bunker deep beneath the White House, the Shadow President finished his workout. As he climbed off his portable, folding gymnasium machine, he checked the wristwatch embedded in the thick leather wristband on his wrist. 
Excellent. He had finished his workout just in time to start his workout.
He paused long enough for a shower and then checked his beard in the mirror. Running one calloused hand across the expanse of lustrous brown facial hair, he opened his medicine cabinet. It was filled with nothing but row after row of Just for Him hair dye.
Getting low, he thought. Have to stock up.
Wearing his favorite sleeveless denim jacket, the Shadow President returned to his office in time to find the morning mail waiting for him. Among the letters and other parcels was a brightly wrapped holiday present.
“What’s this now?” said the Shadow President. He stared at the box hard and the wrapping paper shriveled and popped free from fear alone.
Inside the box was a silk neck tie. It was red, white, and blue and bore the silhouette of a naked woman with tremendous breasts. It was accompanied by a handmade card of construction paper, marker, glitter, and glue.
It was a Christmas gift from Duke Manfist.
It was the most wonderful present he could ever remember receiving. The Shadow President sat back in his chair. A single tear rolled down his cheek.
“I always did love that boy,” he said.

* * *

Sue Hanley stared down at the holiday roast she had cooked. It was completely undercooked. She had set the oven to half the heat it needed, by mistake.
In the next room, no less than twenty of her husband’s family were waiting for what was supposed to be a delicious meal. The kitchen was full of wonderful smells. Everything was ready.
Everything except the roast.
Sighing, Sue walked out of the kitchen and locked herself in the bathroom. It was the only place she could get some privacy, during the holidays. She was not sure what to do. Dinner was just going to have to be late, she supposed. Very, very late.
“Aaaaaarrrrrggggghhhhhhhhh!” came a muffled scream from the kitchen.
Sue Hanley returned to the kitchen, worried that her husband had seen the undercooked roast. Instead, the smells of campfire smoke and sizzling meat filled the air. Her husband ducked in from the dining room, looking worried.
“Did you burn yourself, Honey?” he asked.
“Uh,” said Sue Hanley. She noticed, then, the sooty footprints on the kitchen floor. Glancing out the window above the sink, she thought she saw a burning man dressed as a ninja disappearing around the corner of the house next door.
“You smoked it and flame broiled it?” Sue’s husband asked, staring down at the now perfectly browned, perfectly cooked roast. “Honey, this looks and smells delicious.”
“I... uh... guess it’s a Christmas miracle,” said Sue Hanley, smiling.

* * *

The courtroom was very quiet. Ninja Crimelawyer, Attorney at Evil, smiled under his hood. He had just delivered the most spectacular closing statement of his entire evil legal career. The jury was convinced. The judge was convinced. Even the District Attorney was convinced. Ninja Crimelawyer’s client, millionaire socialite Bryce Grain, was about to be acquitted on charges that he had repeatedly and illegally “adopted” a series of eighteen-year-old Laotian boys for prurient purposes.
Grain himself was not present. He was rich enough, and famous enough, that most of these legal maneuvers took place in his absence. It was just as well. Grain was his own worst enemy and could not be trusted not to blurt out something incriminating. Crimelawyer had insisted he not testify on his own behalf.
Despite Grain’s loose lips, Ninja Crimelawyer was the only person in the courtroom who knew that Bryce Grain was also, secretly, the masked vigilante known as the Caped Avenger. The Avenger had been careful to cover his tracks, including never, EVER using the Internet to arrange his... adoptions. He had instead used a series of couriers. Ninja Crimelawyer had himself assassinated every one of those couriers, including the one who had turned State’s witness in the effort to score a conviction against Grain. With no witnesses and no evidence, the state’s case had collapsed.
Why, the only evidence that might still exist would only exist within the computer files of the Caped Avenger’s superhero organization, the Avengeful Super Six. Possibly some allied organizations might also have records of the Caped Avenger’s activities. But the beauty of all this was that the superheroes always knew of each other’s dirty laundry, and kept it secret just as they kept their true identities secret. Only some breakaway secret outfit, the staff of some secret superhero headquarters so secret the other heroes did not know about it, could even begin to hope to expose the superhero network.
Bryce Grain was guilty as sin. Bryce Grain was about to be acquitted. Bryce Grain would secure for Ninja Crimelawyer yet another notch on his briefcase. Each notch represented a victory for evil. Each notch was a guilty man set free.
Ninja Crimelawyer smiled again under his mask.
“And so, to conclude, Your Honor,” Crimlawyer said, “I would like to—”
The doors of the courtroom flew open. A special overnight courier from Federal United Express came rushing into the room. He bore a present wrapped in colorful paper.
“What is the meaning of this?” asked the judge. “Who is that for?”
“For a ‘Ninja Crimelawyer, Attorney at Evil,’ Your Honor,” said the delivery man.
“That’s me―” began Crimelawyer.
“Bring it to the bench,” ordered the judge.
Crimelawyer watched helplessly as the annoyed judge opened the package. It contained a number of black-and-white photos. All of them were photos of Bryce Grain in compromising positions with illegally immigrated Laotian sex-slaves.
The judge then removed from the box a Christmas card. The large, block letters on the card were visible from across the courtroom.
“Merry Effing Christmas,” it said. It was signed, “Duke Manfist.”
“Noooooooooo!” screamed Ninja Crimelawyer.

* * *

The Extremely Critical Care Ward of the hospital was very quiet. All of the beds were empty except one. That bed bore a single, very frail man. He was sitting upright now, breathing through a machine. He took his meals through an IV bag and spent his waking hours watching daytime soap operas. Curled up and sleeping on his lap was a Chihuahua named Mister Chipples.
The chart on the end of the bed, were anyone to read it, declared the patient’s name to be Robert Quincy Derpweiler. The chart further explained that Robert Quincy Derpweiler — who, unknown to the nursing staff and doctors at the hospital, had once been the martial arts master-assassin Su Shi — had suffered a devastating series of injuries in which his internal organs had all but liquefied. While he had inexplicably survived after spending a good five minutes clinically dead, his health was extremely delicate. The slightest noise, the most insignificant excitement or commotion, could cause his tenuous hold on life to break.
The nurse who brought Robert Quincy Derpweiler his Christmas present was new. She did not know the status of the patient. She knew only that a package had come for the occupant of Bed 203, and she was charged with delivering it.
She placed the package on the sleeping patient’s lap next to Mister Chipples. The dog looked up, curious, his nose twitching. Suddenly, he began to tremble, in that way that small dogs have when they prepare to explode in a barking fit rivaled only by those fits signaling oncoming mailmen or home invaders.
The package began to move.
As Robert Quincy Derpweiler slept peacefully, the package was ripped open from within by its occupant.
“Meow,” said the package.
Were Mister Chipples any more excited, he would have been having a seizure.
From the package bounded an adorably cute long-haired kitten. Around his neck he wore a collar that sported a tag. The tag read, “Merry Christmas.” It was signed, “Duke Manfist.”
“BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK!” roared Mister Chipples.
Every light on every machine connected to Robert Quincy Derpweiler began to blink. Every alarm on every machine connected to Robert Quincy Derpweiler began to alarm.
Robert Quincy Derpweiler’s eyes shot open.
“Nooooooooooooooooooo!” he screamed.

* * *

Sitting in his office at Secret Headquarters, Doctor Coplawyer was surprised when one of his staff members, Mtumba, brought him a brightly wrapped Christmas package. Sending Mtumba on his way with a wave of his hand, Coplawyer was yet more surprised to discover that the package was from Duke Manfist.
“Why...” Coplawyer said aloud, opening the package. “He... he actually cares. Duke used the Naughty and Nice List to... to send me a present.”
When he opened the box, Coplawyer’s smile became a rictus of horror.
The box contained something that Doctor Doctor Gary Coplawyer had always known existed, at least for the last several years. He had tried, through a series of legal maneuvers, to ensure that it never saw the light of day. He had filed injunctions, threatened suits, even resorted to bribes. He had thought himself successful. He had thought to never again encounter it.
But Duke Manfist had found one.
The package contained a VHS copy of the 1980 feature, “Asian Nurses with Big Hair.”
It was the only adult movie ever filmed by a then desperately poor Deborah H. Asianlawyer, Doctor Coplawyer’s wife.
A hand-written note accompanied the gift.
“Two thumbs up,” it said. It was signed, “Duke Manfist.”
“Noooooooooooooooo!” screamed Doctor Coplawyer.

* * *

At the SuperSportCuts outlet at the Four Plot Points Mall, a beautiful young woman named Mandi was cutting a walk-in client’s hair when a package arrived for her. On the in-store television on the wall above her, the local news was reporting that local superhero “Marina Man” had been hauled away by Japanese fishermen, apparently because he had been mistaken for a dolphin. The reporter explained that someone had mailed to Marina Man’s waterfront headquarters a bottle of dolphin-scented cologne, disguised as a Christmas present.
Mandi was delighted to discover that the package sent to her was from Duke Manfist, whom she had dated briefly after turning away from a life of ninja-related crime.
The box contained a dozen exotic roses.
There was no punch line.

* * *

In his cubicle at a major computer-engineering firm, a talented computer programmer named Timothy Nerdington received an e-mail. The e-mail was, in fact, an invoice from a local florist. It was in the amount of four hundred and twenty-seven dollars, and it thanked him for his purchase of two dozen extremely rare, exotic Russian roses.
“Noooooooooooooooo!” screamed Timothy Nerdington.

* * *

At his cliff-top mansion, wealthy socialite Bryce Grain puzzled over the day’s mail. A Christmas card from that awful Duke Manfist had come for him. In it was simply a receipt. It said that Bryce Grain had used his own name and personal information to sign up for a Laotian Sex Slave dating service through the Internet. This made no sense to Bryce Grain, who was quite certain he would never do something so dangerous over the World Wide Web.
As he entered his living room, Bryce Grain stopped cold. Sitting in his armchair was the host of the popular reality television show, To Catch a Creeper.
“Why don’t you come on in and have a seat,” said the host.
“Noooooooooooooo!” screamed Bryce Grain.

* * *

At a Gordo’s restaurant on the South Side of the city, F.F. McArmbreaker met his twin brother, Crotch Punchington, for lunch.
“The Boss will kill us if he catches us eating here,” said McArmbreaker.
“Yeah,” said Punchington, rubbing his groin, “but this is the only place you can even get a good burger anymore. Hey, did you get a weird present from that jerk Manfist today?”
“Yeah,” said McArmbreaker. “An imprint of his fist.” He put the block with the fist impression on the table. “What’d you get?”
“Just this television remote thing,” said Punchington. He put the remote on the table. It began to light up and beep.
The words PROXIMITY DETONATOR were written across the front of the “television remote.”
“Uh,” said McArmbreaker.
“Why you figure he sent you an imprint of his fist in a block of plastic explosive?” Punchington asked.
“Noooooooooo―” said McArmbreaker.
“BOOM!” said the two henchmen.

* * *

In a decrepit hideout in the waterfront district, the criminal known as the RPG bandit unwrapped a Christmas present. He puzzled over the card from Duke Manfist until he opened the gift.
It was a calendar. Not only was it a calendar — the gift that, universally, says, “I didn’t know what to get you” — but it was the most boring calendar of all the calendars ever given as gifts at Christmastime.
It was a calendar of Southwest landscapes.
“Noooooooooooooo!” screamed the RPG Bandit.

* * *

At the home of the Amazon superhero known as Zealous Woman, a very flattered, very tall, and very beautiful woman received a package. It contained a Christmas card from Duke Manfist, a dozen exotic roses, and an invoice made out to somebody named “Timothy Nerdington.”

* * *

In the suburban living room of the superhero known to the world as Incredible Fantastic Superb Guy, leader of the Avengeful Super Six, a man in a purple leotard sat in the corner, weeping silently into his hands. On the coffee table nearby was a package from Duke Manfist. Amidst the wrapping paper that had only recently been torn free, a single DVD boxed set waited.
It was The Best of Jeopardy, featuring the legendary winning streak of one Ken Jennings.
“Nooooooo....” sobbed Incredible Fantastic Superb Guy.

* * *

In the fantastically elaborate laboratory of Professor Whatcouldgowrong, the mad scientist hero who worked with the Avengeful Super Six, Professor Whatcouldgowrong was about to reverse one of his greatest mistakes. Cursed with the horrifying head of a fly, the Professor had labored for years to correct the teleportation accident that had merged his DNA with that of the flying insect. Now, as he sat in the first of his two teleportation pods with the machinery on automatic, counting down to its inevitable transmit cycle, he was alarmed to hear a knock at the door.
“Delivery for Professor Whatcouldgowrong,” came a voice.
“You’ll have to come back!” shouted Professor Whatcouldgowrong over the humming of the machines. “I cannot stop the cycle once it has begun! The door is sealed! Only the ventilator shaft permits me to speak with you through the―”
The delivery driver, ignoring Professor Whatcouldgowrong’s words, simply tossed the package down the steps. It was a brightly wrapped Christmas present. The tag indicating it was from Duke Manfist was visible from where Professor W crouched in his machine.
When the package hit the floor, Professor W was certain he could hear glass breaking.
The cloud of locusts that burst from the package came from within a trademarked and copyrighted RonPoCo Insect Farm, advertised on late-night television as “hours of fun for the whole family.” The stream of locusts immediately homed in on Professor Whatcouldgowrong and poured into his teleportation pod through the ventilator shaft.
“Teleport cycle... activating,” said the computerized mechanism.
“Nooooooooooooooooo!” screamed Professor Whatcouldgowrong.

* * *

Gary Park, the billionaire industrialist who fought crime in his secret identity as Armor Man, emerged from his laboratory at the sound of the doorbell. Park was sweating, as much from the effort of creating his latest piece of electronic genius as because he had been on the wagon for a month now. In his pocket he carried his one month chip, in fact. It felt good to have his head free of alcohol. Delicious, seductive, wonderful, beautiful alcohol.
The package delivered to his door turned out to be a brightly wrapped present from Duke Manfist. Park wasn’t sure he could remember who “Duke Manfist” was supposed to be. The name sounded familiar, but it was likely he’d met this Manfist while on one of many drinking binges.
Park opened the package.
Inside was a three-hundred dollar bottle of Scotch and an invoice made out to someone named “Timothy Nerdington.”
Scotch.
Three-hundred-dollar, positively ancient, beautifully, deliciously, and superbly aged Scotch.
Park’s lips began to tremble. He drooled. He shook. His fingers were wrapped around the neck of the bottle before he knew what he was doing.
“YESSSSSSSSSSS!” he screamed.

* * *

In his secret lair, the Cursed Hand, also known as Redmond W. Terwilliger, stared down in mounting horror. The Christmas present addressed to him had, in fact, been intended for Lyla Terwilliger. It contained a piece of lingerie so indecent that Terwilliger blushed just looking at it. There was a bottle of edible, flavored massage oil, a knobby rubber “back rubber,” a deck of romantic playing cards, and a homemade DVD, obviously transferred from VHS, that appeared to be about Asian nurses in compromising positions. A lurid poem hand-written on a hand-made Christmas card described in great detail the copulation Duke Manfist intended to perform on the Cursed Hand’s mother.
“I... but...” said Terwilliger.
“Eye-butt,” laughed his mother, who was standing behind him. “Ha ha.” She reached around her mortified son and picked up the lingerie, holding it before her ample bosom as if to see how it would fit.
“Noooo—” the Cursed Hand began. He stopped abruptly when his pink iPhone began to vibrate. He had received a text message.
From Duke Manfist.
I M TOTALLY GONNA BANG UR MOM FOR XMAS, it said.
“NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!” screamed Redmond W. Terwilliger.
“Yessssss,” said Lyla Terwilliger happily.

PART 8: SANTA’S UNION WORKSHOP
“I just can’t stress... enough...” said the doughy white man on the television screen, “that the world... as we know it... is going to end.” The man was crying, silently, as he spoke. Great, wide tracks of tears poured down both cheeks. He stood in a television studio in front of a chalk board, which was covered in elaborate diagrams that appeared to explain involved socio-political conspiracies.
“What the hell is this?” asked Duke Manfist, sitting impatiently in the hospital waiting room.
The other denizens of the waiting room glanced at Manfist. They had the vacant stares of kenneled hounds. A captive audience to whatever loved ones’ medical emergencies had brought them here, they stared back at the wall-mounted television with something like resignation. The man nearest Manfist, who was dividing his attention between the television and a six-year-old copy of Time magazine, shook his head.
“That’s Ben Gleck,” he said. “You know, the famous conservative radio talk show host?”
“That’s a television, Thomas Edison,” Manfist snorted. “Not a radio.”
“He has a television show, too, except that he’s quitting,” said the man. “Uh... did you know you have an arrow sticking out of your—”
“Not my fault,” said Manfist absently. “What do you mean, the guy’s quitting?”
“He announced his retirement from cable news last week,” said the man. “He’s going to do an Internet television show instead.”
“Internet,” said Duke Manfist. “The thing with the Twitter and the pornography?”
“Yes, that,” said the man.
“Huh,” said Manfist. He looked back at the screen. Gleck was eating from an industrial-sized bucket of peanut butter and screaming at the camera from an uncomfortably close distance.
“Society as we know it will collapse!” Gleck shrieked. “Utilities and social order will break down! Stockpile food and bullets! Buy gold! By this time next year we’ll be living in chicken-wire-covered huts like extras from a Mad Max sequel!”
“Internet television,” Manfist said again.
“Yep,” said the man.
“But he just got done saying the world is gonna end,” Manfist said. “Should I be watching Internet television during the Apoplexy?”
“The Apocalypse?” asked the man.
“Or that,” said Manfist. “Now he’s advertising window blinds.”
Ben Gleck was, indeed, advertising window blinds.
“So?” asked the man.
“Strike you as funny that I should be worrying about my window treatments when the world is ending?” Manfist asked.
The man with the Time magazine shrugged.
Manfist snatched the television remote from the coffee table in the waiting room, looked to the other people watching television, and decided he would simply change the channel. The next choice looked exactly like the first, except with a different host. The next five were similar. There were no hard news shows, no sportscasts, no sitcoms, and no movies. There was nothing but political commentary.
“What the hell is this?” Duke Manfist said again.
“The hospital subscribes to a news-talk package only,” said the man with the magazine.
“Nothing else?” Duke asked. He kept changing channels.
“Coming up in the Not Spun zone,” sneered William O’Really, “my weeklong series on why everyone who isn’t me is a frigging moron—”
“Golf,” said Rash Loonbow. “Golf. Golf. Golfing. Golf. EXCELLENCE IN BROADCAST—”
“That’s right, Lord and Master O’Really,” said Dennis Tiller, whose show logo declared his program a wholly owned subsidiary of William O’Really’s. “Why, I like your show more than the Herculoids liked Eight-Cycle Traditional Cell Animation. Your commentary makes more sense than the surprisingly cogent political structure governing the succession of ancient Sumerian city-state rulers. May I kiss your—”
“Coming up... on the SAVAGERY HOUR,” snarled several different pieced-together video clips of host Michael Savagery, “I read... out loud from my shopping list, which... is more brilliant than... any other radio host’s shopping list, including... that putz William O’Really...”
“Why does that one sound that way?”
“Michael Whiner?”
“Who?” Duke asked, confused.
“Whiner,” said the man with the Time magazine. “Michael Whiner. That’s Michael Savagery’s real name. And he sounds disjointed because he’s not really talking. Every sentence is made by editing together prerecorded footage from past shows.”
“But... why?” Manfist asked. “Couldn’t he just record the show live?”
“He’s got a lot of vacation time accrued, I guess,” said the man.
“But all these wind-socks are... Republicans,” Duke said. “That’s boring.”
“Those are the only shows that succeed,” said the man. He shrugged. “Those and The Jersey Shore.”
Duke Manfist looked down at the television remote and crushed it to powder in his ham-sized fist. 
“Mister Manfist?” called a nurse from the doorway of the waiting room. “Your party is ready to speak with you now.”
“Puh-lee-ee-ee-ee-ease,” wept Ben Gleck from the television. “Buy my sponsor’s online computer backup service. Before the w-w-w-woooorrrrllllld endssssss....”
Duke Manfist stood and punched the television. His fist traveled through the device and left a hole in the drywall behind it.
The people in the waiting room stood and cheered.

* * *

“I’m sorry, Honey,” said Hershel Goldstein. He stood before the oversized menorah he had built with his own hands. The clever wick system he had built into the menorah was supposed to keep it lighted, but he could not, no matter how hard he tried, get it started. The menorah dominated the lawn and was now overshadowed by the elaborate Christmas light displays in the lawns of his neighbors. This was to have been his contribution to the neighborhood’s seasonal decorations. He looked up at his wife again, but Tracey only smiled.
“It’s all right, dear,” she said. “I’m sure we can think of something else.”
“But I don’t want to think of something else,” Hershel said. “I spent weeks carving this. Is it so much to ask for it to work? It’s not as if I require a miracle to—”
“Aaaaarrrrgggggghhhhhhhhh!” screamed a man, dressed as a ninja, who leapt over the fence and ran through the yard. Trailing smoke and ash, he brushed against the menorah as he fled.
Hershel coughed, waving away smoke.
When he looked up, the menorah was finally alight.
“It is a miracle,” said Tracey.

* * *

“He’s... evil, Agent Manfist,” Santa Claus said. “I can’t explain it any other way.”
Claus looked pale and shaky, but his voice sounded strong enough. He was still hooked to several monitors and IV bags. The nurse had raised his bed to a sitting position. She had also paused long enough to remove the scorched arrow from Manfist’s rump. Now Duke Manfist sat in the visitor’s chair and listened to Claus tell his story.
“Billy Froelich,” said Claus, “is the product of every popular-culture book on child-rearing ever written. I should know. His parents used to ask for the books for Christmas.”
“Books like what, Santa?” Manfist asked.
“Oh, you know.” Claus said. “I’m Okay, I’m Okay. Why Only Self-Esteem Matters. Everybody Gets a Trophy. The worst was Disciplining Your Child is Child Abuse. There were many more. Billy’s parents mean well, but in trying to raise him per whatever the current psychological fads were supposed to be, they never really... parented the boy at all. It’s a miracle his sister didn’t turn Naughty as well.”
“So Billy is Naughty,” Manfist said soberly.
“Billy Froelich,” said Claus, stroking his white beard, “is Number Two on the Naughty and Nice report to K.R.A.M.P.U.S. every year.”
“Number two?”
“Billy is the second most evil child I’ve ever known,” Santa shook his head. “In all my years, Agent Manfist, I’ve only encountered one child whose soul was blacker, whose cruel disregard for others surpassed Billy’s. But even that boy—”
“Terwilliger!” Manfist blurted. “You’re talking about Terwilliger!”
“Who?” Santa asked.
“You know,” Manfist held one fist in the air, shaking it. “The Cursed Hand guy.”
“Oh, him,” Santa said. “Look, Agent Manfist, the actual quantifiable Naughty score is one thing. But Billy is the only child who has repeatedly tried to kill me. He almost succeeded. When I woke from my coma and my elves told me you were filling in this year per the K.R.A.M.P.U.S. bylaws, I knew I had to warn you. Billy Froelich will try to kill you, Agent Manfist.”
“I don’t see how a kid’s gonna do that,” Manfist said.
“He is not just a kid,” Santa said. “Billy Froelich is a child prodigy. He’s an evil genius. I’d be encouraging him to join the space program if we still had one and if he wasn’t evil. As it is he’ll likely do something where his abilities can be put to their most evil and fitting ends, when he grows up. Developing weapons for the military, perhaps.”
“Or his own cable talk show,” Manfist grumbled.
“Or that,” Santa nodded.
“Wait,” Manfist said. “You said NASA. That Santa tracker thing NASA and NORAD do...”
“Completely accurate,” admitted Santa. “Frankly, I won’t miss those jerks from NASA. They were forever giving me grief about airspace restrictions.”
“So Billy is completely prepared for you,” Manfist said. “He knows exactly when to expect you.”
“He does,” Santa nodded. “And his home is fortified for any approach I might make from the air. I’ve worked it out in my head. If I had a distraction from the air, and perhaps some means of a ground insertion that would take Billy by surprise, throw him off his game... that might work. But the way I have been doing it simply won’t. The sleigh is my weakness, Agent Manfist.”
“Rosebud,” said Duke Manfist.
“I’m sorry?” said Santa.
Duke Manfist pulled a rosebud from his pocket. “Nothing,” he said. “Leftover from some presents I mailed out.” He looked down at his watch. “I gotta go,” he said. “They’re expecting me to get the show on the road.”
“You’ll be fine, Agent Manfist,” Santa said. “You... you were always a well-meaning young man.”
Duke froze. He looked down at his watch again and then to Claus. “I got this watch...from Santa... for my eighteenth birthday,” he said.
“Yes,” said Claus. “It was just what you wanted, wasn’t it?”
“No,” said Duke. “I asked for Adrienne Barbeau to be twins.”
Santa’s cheeks turned a shade more rosy. “But it’s been a good watch, hasn’t it?”
“Yeah,” said Duke, nodding. “I gotta admit... it has.”
“You can’t always get what you want,” said Santa. “But you just might find... you get what you need.”
“That’s... that’s wise, Santa. You write that?”
“The Rolling Stones,” said Santa.
“Right,” said Manfist. “Merry Christmas, Santa.”
“Merry Christmas, Agent Manfist. And good luck.”

* * *

“Goodspeed?” Duke asked. He was dressed in a red-and-white Santa suit and sitting in the sleigh in the parking lot of the decrepit amusement park that housed Secret Headquarters. The K.R.A.M.P.U.S. elves were very slowly loading cartons and boxes into the large sack in the back of the sleigh. They were transferring the packages from a rented U-Drag truck.
Duke looked at his watch, worried they were already falling behind schedule. The elves had been dragging their feet. Apparently they resented having to load the gifts, which were typically taken onboard at the North Pole. When Manfist had explained there wasn’t time for him to go to the North Pole, the elves had started on Goodspeed.
“Aaaarrrggghhhhh!” screamed Ken Goodspeed. He emerged from the truck, covered in biting, scratching, clinging elves. Each was no taller than Goodspeed’s knees, but he was having a hard time of it.
“Aaaarrrggghhhhh!” screamed the ninja who ran past, on fire, trailing smoke and ash.
“Hey,” Goodspeed paused. “Ow! Was that — Ow! — who I think it was?”
“Yeah,” Said Duke. “No time for that now.” He climbed down from the sleigh with a tire iron-sized candy cane in his big fist. “Hold still, Dead... er, Ken.”
“Ow!” said Goodspeed. The elves clinging to his legs were biting him.
“Ken,” said Duke Manfist, “Do your best impression of an American taxpayer.”
Goodspeed bent over, grabbed his ankles, and stuck his rump in the air. Duke Manfist wound up with the candy cane and began bludgeoning the now vulnerable K.R.A.M.P.U.S. elves as if playing tee-ball. With each resounding SMOCK!, the elves were propelled skyward, back in the direction of the amusement park.
“Uh,” said Goodspeed. “Are you... are you aiming for the Tilt-a-Whirl?”
“It’s got the taste of blood,” said Manfist. “Hold on, I think I can get a twofer here.” He paused a moment, aimed, and SMOCKED! the last of the elves at an angle. The elf hurtled through the air and hit the flaming ninja, knocking both to the pavement. Then both the ninja and the elf began running around, screaming. They were both on fire.
“Not your fault,” said Goodspeed.
That day, Ken Goodspeed became the first man Duke Manfist had ever hugged.

PART 9: NOT SO SILENT NIGHT
Billy Froelich carefully pulled the tripwire taught, looping the end through the hook connected to the pin of the Chinese Play-Time Happy Fun Grenade. When he was done, Billy very, very carefully stepped back from the hearth. Rubbing his hands together gleefully, he paused to check the airsoft pistol in his belt. The plastic pistol was spring-powered and normally fired tiny plastic pellets. Billy had replaced the pellets with metal BBs and then replaced the spring with one he had ordered online. The new spring propelled the projectiles with enough force to kill. His mother had not asked about the charge on her credit card, but then, she never did. Billy had decided she and his father could live for another year, contingent on Christmas morning’s gift haul.
But that was tomorrow. His parents had always gotten him anything he ever asked for. They never said no. They always took his side. And they never, ever did anything that might harm his self-esteem.
Billy Froelich hated them more than the fat man.
It had started with the copy of No Boundaries, No Blunders his mother had received at her baby shower. She still read the book regularly. It was thirty-page book of block-lettered, single-sentence pages arranged as aphorisms, including such gems as, “Why do we punish children to prove to them that punishing others is wrong?” and “Whenever you tell your child, ‘no,’ you stab your inner child in the eyeball.”
The progressive parenting craze was in full swing during Billy Froelich’s formative years. His mother had no shortage of inspiration. She bought all the latest parenting books and videos, some of which she forced him to watch. Her favorite — and the one he despised most dearly — was a 120-minute single-track DVD consisting of nothing but a sunlit field of flowers waving gently in a summer breeze, accompanied by soothing muzak and hushed affirmations. “My child is capable of making his own decisions,” it whispered endlessly. “I will not stifle his creativity or his exploration of his world.” This was followed by a recitation of the emergency numbers for Poison Control, the Fire Department, the Police Department, and the Department of Kids Who’ve Stuck Metal Things in Electrical Sockets.
Billy had exercised his freedom to make his own decisions by ripping the DVD from the player, breaking it in half, and using the shards to carve unflattering caricatures of his mother on the surface of the oak coffee table in the living room. He had informed her that he would be an artist when he grew up, and the media in which he painted would be pain and fear.
His mother had bought him a set of water-colors the very next day.
The memory made Billy Froelich sigh. The fat man, at least, followed the rules. He had to die for that, for he stood between Billy Froelich and what Billy Froelich wanted. But Billy could respect the old bastard for that much.
His parents, on the other hand... Billy Froelich despised them for their weakness.
He had known from a very young age that he was smarter than average. His mother and father had been so taken with the idea that their boy was special that they’d never dared be parents. Part of the problem, Billy had come to understand, was that his parents were very, very educated.
His mother had a graduate degree in Progressive Multicultural Tolerance Studies. Precisely what this meant, she could not say, even when he tried to press her on it. She knew only that she wanted very, very much to like everyone and to be liked by all — except, of course, for all those people who disagreed with her opinions, whom she thought should be rounded up and put in camps for the dangerously intolerant. Billy’s mother seemed most focused simply on making sure her son was never made to feel bad. Apparently, her own parents had tried to correct minor misbehaviors with gentle chiding and the occasional time-out. This egregious behavior she had suppressed until such time as it was brought out in regression therapy. The insights she gained through this process informed her current approach to not-quite-parenting Billy.
Billy’s father had attended no less than three universities, earning degrees in the hard sciences and in engineering before finally becoming an air conditioning repairman following a summer at Nadir Technical. Billy had seen the late-night commercial for the school, filmed as recently as the 1970s, in which a man who was doubtless long dead solemnly informed the camera, “I can’t call you. You have to take the first step and call Nadir Technical now. I mean, I would call you, but that’s frowned on. So please give us your money. ...Where am I? I want to go home.”
When Billy had started to notice his parents’ fawning attention, their utter worship of him, it had galled him. He had decided that he would push them until they had no choice but to act like parents rather than fans. If they couldn’t stop ooh-ing and ah-ing over his latest feat of intellectual prowess, he could at least make them angry enough to discipline him.
Except that they didn’t.
No matter what he tried, no matter how hard he worked, they simply took his mischief, his destruction, his outright criminal behavior in stride. He had cut off all his mother’s hair one night while she slept; she had simply praised his “altruistic spirit” and mailed her hair to one of those cancer-wig charities. He had keyed his father’s SUV early one Saturday morning; his father had keyed the rest of the car to create improvised pin-striping, then taken Billy for ice cream. He had begun tormenting his little sister, who took Billy’s wedgies, noogies, Indian burns, and insults with resigned patience; his parents had given Billy their larger bedroom, which was farther down the upstairs hall from his sister’s room.
When Billy had set the back porch on fire, his father had purchased him a chemistry set to encourage his “scientific leanings.” When Billy had built his first improvised pipe bomb, his parents had given him a wifi-enabled laptop so he could find more efficient designs on the Internet. When Billy had stolen every bicycle in the neighborhood, his parents had bought replacements for the victimized children and told Billy he could keep the stolen bikes because he’d worked so hard to collect them.
Frustrated, Billy Froelich, who was smart enough to know his parents were permissive morons, vented his outrage at the only morally incorruptible figure he could find.
Santa Claus.
His sister never reacted to Billy’s cruelty because she knew, deep down, that he had no desire to hurt her. She was his sister, after all, and he would no more harm her than he would his idiot parents. But her quiet complacency wasn’t so complacent, after all, for Billy’s sister knew something he didn’t, that first Christmas:
Santa brought no presents to naughty little children.
Every year, Billy tried to pay Santa back for that. He knew he deserved no presents, but if his parents were going to keep on circumventing the system by showering their evil genius son with gifts, he saw no reason Santa Claus should be allowed to exist. Claus came to personify, in Billy’s mind, all those children whose parents held them to the rules. Claus was the bloated red-and-white-fur-covered embodiment of everything Billy had ever wanted and the one thing he had not received: actual parents.
And for that the fat man had to die.
Each Christmas, while Billy Froelich’s parents got him all the best toys, his sister received the impossible-to-find, too-expensive-even-for-rich-people-to-buy limited collector’s editions. Billy got a new laptop computer from his parents; his sister got the signature model, signed by her favorite teen celebrity in gold spraypaint-marker. Billy got a video game for his PlayBox from his parents; Billy’s sister got the new collector’s edition PlayBox, which was half as small, twice as powerful, and painted to match the exclusive pre-release PowerZoom Empowerment-Girls game, a tie-in to her favorite television show. Billy got a new GI Jose Border Patrol Action Playset; Billy’s sister got, from Santa, a gold-plated Barbie doll rumored to have been commissioned for the Sultan of Brunei, complete with chromed remote-control scaled-to-fit Barbie Maybach Touring Car.
Santa’s favoritism was the source of Jenny Froelich’s equanimity. Santa’s patronage was why Jenny Froelich would always believe herself superior to her brother, and that Billy Froelich could not abide.
This year, he would finally do it.
He still nursed the hope that he’d managed it last year. When an emergency extraction team of elves had dragged the fat man unconscious from the living room, Billy thought it was all over. But now, it was Christmas Eve, and there had been no indication from any of the news sources that Santa was out of commission. The Santa Tracker, an app for which Billy was running on his iPhone (itself yet another gift from his parents), showed Claus closing in on his position. Unless it was a trick, the fat man was still alive... but that was going to change.
Billy had pulled out all the stops. He had rigged his parents’ house with every weapon, every improvised explosive, every elaborate mouse-trap-driven Home-Alone-movie-inspired man-trap he could conceive. The lawn was mined. The roof was covered in razor wire. The chimney was full of lasers hot enough to burn a man to cinders. He had crossbows and spear-guns and poison darts poised to fire. He had buckets of acid poised to drop. He had knives on spring-loaded arms ready to fall and cut, to slice and dice. He had multiple racks of airsoft guns, all fitted with replacement springs, set in frames around the house, where he could trigger them with a single press of the remote control he carried.
There was no way Claus could escape.
This was it. This was finally it.
Whoever came down that chimney was going to die.

* * *

Ken Goodspeed peered down the chimney and brought his walkie-talkie to his face.
“I can’t see anything, Mister Manfist,” he said. “I’ll guess I’ll climb down there.”
“You got past the razor wire?” Duke Manfist’s voice came back.
“I’m pretty scratched up,” said Goodspeed. “And I’m pretty sure some things exploded when we landed. The good news is that I think I scraped off an elf that was clinging to the underside of the sleigh.”
“There’s always at least one Cape Fear mother-bugger,” Manfist said.
“I guess I’ll just get going, then,” said Ken Goodspeed. “Like you said, we have to distract him so that you can get into position.”
“Ken, look,” Manfist started.
“Don’t worry,” said Goodspeed. “I’ll be fine, Mister Manfist. I can’t imagine he’s got too many more traps set. I mean, he is a little boy. Isn’t he?”
“Uh, yeah, about that, Ken,” said Duke Manfist. “Look, Ken... I’ve never said this to a partner before but... you really helped out, man. It was... it was good, being your partner. I’m gonna miss you, man.”
“Oh, don’t worry, Mister Manfist,” said Goodspeed. “I’m sure we can stay in touch after I’m done with this job. I’m scheduled to retire, not to die, ha ha. I liked working with kittens and puppies, and I miss my family, but I have to admit it feels good to be saving Christmas. For justice, you know? You’re invited over for dinner at my place any time.”
“Sure kid,” said Manfist, his voice tight. “Sure.”
“Here I go, Mister Manfist.”
“Hey, Ken?” 
“Yes, Mister Manfist?”
“Merry Christmas, partner. Merry Christmas.”
Ken Goodspeed wasn’t sure, but he thought he heard the sound of Duke Manfist sniffing loudly, as if he were crying.
“Ho, ho, ho,” he said, and jumped down the chimney.

* * *

Billy Froelich sat in his parent’s living room, in his father’s reclining chair. Next to him, on the end table, the glass of milk and plate of cookies his mother had left for Santa were half-full and half-eaten, respectively. As he sat back, savoring the memory of the screams that had accompanied Santa Claus’ attempt to breach the chimney, he knew a profound satisfaction.
He had finally done it.
He was reaching for the milk again when the liquid in the glass suddenly... hopped.
Eying the glass curiously, he waited. There was another ripple of the liquid, which then jumped almost an inch within the glass. It was then that Billy realized his father’s chair was vibrating, too.
Boom. The stockings fell from the mantle.
Boom. The plate of cookies bounced from the end table as the milk spilled everywhere.
Boom. Pictures of Billy’s parents and sister fell from the wall with a clatter.
Boom. The front door rattled in its hinges.
There was, suddenly, a very faint knock on the door.
Billy Froelich, bewildered, crept to the front door, unlocked it, and eased it slowly open. A tiny, green, scaly hand balled into a tiny, green, scaly fist was attached to a tiny, green, stunted arm.
The rest of that arm was connected to a Tyrannosaurus Rex.
“RRAAAAAAAWWWRRRRRRR,” bellowed the T-Rex. Its breath smelled like bacon.
“AAAARRRRRRGGGHHHH!” screamed Billy Froelich in terror.
“AAAAARRRRRGGGHHHH!” screamed a flaming ninja as he ran past, setting fire to the hedges in front of Billy’s house.
“Shoo!” shouted the big man astride the T-Rex. “Shoo!” He climbed down from the monster’s back and made waving gestures at the flaming ninja, who was now running through the neighbor’s yard.
“W-w-w-who are you?” Billy Froelich stammered.
The big man with the bulging muscles and enormous gut stepped forward, snatched the airsoft pistol from Billy’s hand, and threw it over his shoulder. The T-Rex grabbed it in its jaws, chewed it, and spat it out.
“Where’s my partner?” said the man.
“Who?” said Billy Froelich.
“The one dressed as Santa,” said the man.
“My traps have killed Santa Claus!” Billy Froelich exclaimed. “I heard my catapult hurl his burned body back up through the chimney and onto the lawn. I was going to let him rot as a lesson to his elves.”
“Two things,” said the man. “One, that wasn’t Santa. That was my partner, Ken Goodspeed.”
“I didn’t kill Santa?” Billy Froelich felt suddenly very empty.
“Two, I’m out of coal, so I’m going to fill your stocking with tears.”
“You’re going to...what?” Billy Froelich said.
“Three, there’s actually four things,” said the man.
“And the fourth?” asked Billy.
“I don’t math so good,” said the man, “so you’ll have to figure out how many nut-slaps it will take to squeeze a stocking full of tears outta you.”
Billy was horrified. “Bad touch!” he screamed. “Stranger danger! Tell an adult!”
“Shaddap,” said the man. He grabbed Billy Froelich by the collar, preventing him from running away. “You tried to kill Santa,” the man said. “According to K.R.A.M.P.U.S. bylaws, that’s a crime punishable by death, kid. I should know. Because of you I hadda read the whole stupid thing. Name’s Duke Manfist, by the way.”
“You can’t kill me!” screamed Billy Froelich. “I’ll... I’ll tell! I’ll tell my parents on you!”
“You tell whoever you feel you gotta tell, Nancy,” said Duke Manfist, pushing his Ray-Ban style sunglasses up on his forehead. “I’m going to give you a time-out... WITH MY FIST!” He paused, looking at Billy Froelich expectantly.
“Catchphrase?” Billy Froelich asked.
Duke Manfist sighed. “Fine,” he said, releasing Billy’s collar. “And of course I can’t punch you. You’re just a kid.”
“That’s right,” said Billy Froelich, regaining some of his composure. “You can’t punch me, because I’m just a kid! I’ll call the cops! I’ll call Child Protective Services!”
“I’ll call an ambulance,” Duke Manfist said, cracking his knuckles. “‘Cause yer gonna need one, you little brat.”
“You just said you weren’t going to punch me!” Billy Froelich screamed.
“I’m not,” said Duke Manfist. “But I’m going to do something your parents should have done a loooong time ago.”

* * *

In all recorded human history, there are exactly three spankings considered sufficiently noteworthy to commit to the annals of mankind. Scholars have referred to these as the Percussive Trinity, so named because these spankings reverberated through our shared human consciousness in such a way that they affected the very fabric of our collective identity as homo sapiens.
The first, and most apocryphal, is said to have been the spanking received by Cain at the hands of God, after Cain murdered his brother Abel. The legend has it that Cain, who suffered from the sins of pride and vanity, asked his brother if his new tunic made his behind look larger than it truly was. Abel, to whom historians have erroneously attributed honesty rather than a mean-spirited desire to criticize, is said to have told Cain, “Brother, thine tunic makes thy behind look truly immense indeed.”
Enraged, Cain slew Abel with his fists, a feat in which he was only slightly hindered by the impressively enormous size of his posterior. (Historians have further speculated that Cain suffered from enlarged buttocks, a genetic malady shared by King Solomon. Some believe a very bad case of hemorrhoids prompted the incident in which an exasperated Solomon, tired of the bickering of his supplicants, ordered a child cut in half to shut everyone up.) 
A pernicious mistranslation of the scriptures has described the Mark of Cain as a scar on Cain’s forehead. The Mark was, in fact, indelibly inscribed on Cain’s rear end by the spanking he received at the multiple hands of a divinely appointed Seraph, whose wrath may or may not have included a final soul-searing blow in tandem with the statement, “And one to grow on!” 
Unrecorded in most documentation of the period is that the whole affair was prompted by the fact that Abel was, well, kind of a jerk, though history has treated him kindly.
The second legendary spanking, for which common-era corroboration exists, is the spanking received by D.B. Cooper, who once hijacked an entire plane. The spanking was administered by Cooper’s mother, not for the successful hijacking, but for the fact that a wretched movie starring Treat Williams was filmed to immortalize the crime. Whether Cooper’s mother objected to the casting of Treat Williams over another actor is not clear. There are historians who believe, quite credibly, that the mere presence of Treat Williams in a movie is sufficient provocation for corporal punishment.
The third, and most famous of all spankings administered through history, is believed to be the legendary spanking of one Billy Froelich. Froelich, a very naughty child responsible for a series of murder attempts on Santa Claus, was finally spanked by Duke Manfist, the manliest action hero ever to have lived.
Billy was spanked so thoroughly that the percussive waves of his spanking traveled back through time, affecting all of reality as they reverberated through the ether of human thought-space. Billy Froelich was spanked so hard that the nose of the Sphinx was blasted from its face. Billy Froelich was spanked so hard that the faces of several presidents were pressed into Mount Rushmore (and a clever story about years of blasting and sculpting concocted to explain the bizarre phenomenon). Billy Froelich was spanked so hard that the Grand Canyon was formed, the Tower of Pisa was leaned, the Panama Canal was dug, and the Titanic was sunk. Billy Froelich was spanked so hard that he forgot his name, remembered it, forgot it again, remembered it, forgot math, recalled it, forgot all vowels but “e,” remembered most of them, and finally forgot everything except the fact that he was a very, very naughty boy who was also very, very sorry for ever bothering Santa Claus, and he promised never again to misbehave, and even meant it.
Billy Froelich was spanked so hard, some say, that the vibrations of his spanking traveled to ancient China and caused a curse to form. That curse would travel up through the centuries until it found a very special person, who would come to represent a very special problem for a very manly secret agent.
But mostly, Billy Froelich got the living hell spanked out of him, because he was a little asshole.

PART 10: AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT
The Cursed Hand sat sullenly in his Outrage Room. His henchmen, Crotch Punchington and F.F. McArmbreaker, were both in the hospital, recovering from injuries sustained when they inexplicably and rudely exploded while sitting in a fast-food restaurant.
Redmond W. Terwilliger was very depressed.
He was about to become more so.
When the door to his hide-out flew open, he was not surprised to be confronted by his hated enemy, Duke Manfist. Manfist was dressed as Santa Claus and carried a large canvas sack on his back.
“Go away,” said the Cursed Hand.
“No takers, Nancy,” said Duke Manfist. “Time to do the Scooby Do exposition.”
“The what?”
“You know,” said Duke. “‘...And I would’ve gotten away with it, too, if it weren’t for you meddling kids!’”
“Oh, that,” said Terwilliger. “Very well.”
“So what was your evil plan?”
“I had intended,” said Terwilliger, “to drive fast food chains out of business by creating a beef shortage. We sent Crotch Punchington to various beef farms, where he—”
“Whoa,” said Duke Manfist. “We already used up our one curse-word.”
“At any rate,” Terwilliger said angrily, “we had hoped to damage Gordo’s most of all, yet somehow, they were unaffected by the shortage. If I could prove to enough people that such food is dangerous, I could become their dietary overseer.”
“So how did the Kwanzaa Supremacists get involved?” Manfist asked. “Were they on to the whole Santa thing?”
“The what?” Terwilliger said. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I picked them out of the phone book. They send out coupons now and again. I had Punchington dress as a Gordo’s employee and then go rub his crotch on them all. They were so offended that they started attacking Gordo’s restaurants, and when they started to lose interest, I used my coupon and paid them to keep doing it.”
“Right,” Manfist said. He blinked. “So what’s the deal? Why the beef shortage at all?”
“I wanted to be a success,” whined Terwilliger. “I could have had my own radio call-in show. I could have done commercials, telling people what to eat. I could... wait a moment. How did you know it was me behind the beef shortage? And how did you find me here?”
“Naughty and Nice List,” Manfist said. “Tells me a lot of things. Including the address of your hide-out.”
“That explains the presents,” Terwilliger said glumly.
“Yeah,” Manfist nodded. “Also, I banged your Mom.”
“SHUT UP!” Terwilliger shouted angrily.
“Look, we’re gonna fight now,” Manfist said. “I’m gonna win. But I won’t take you in. Think of it as my Christmas present to you, the real one. We need you for the sequel.”
“The what?”
“A non-serial epic novel,” Duke Manfist grinned. “I was thinking of calling it, Duke Manfist Banged Your Mom: A True Story.”
“SHUT UP!” Terwilliger repeated. “JUST STOP IT!”
“So you’re not gonna fight back?”
“No,” said Terwilliger. “I’m not.”
“Then I’m gonna have to beat you anyway,” Manfist shrugged. From the sack on his back, he took a garden hoe.
“What’s that?” Terwilliger said.
“Hoe,” said Manfist, and whipped it at Terwilliger. The garden hoe CLONNNGGED off the Cursed Hand’s iron fist, rapping him in the face with its wooden handle.
“Ow!” said Terwilliger.
“Hoe,” said Manfist, throwing another. “Hoe, Hoe, Hoe!”
“OW!” screamed Redmond W. Terwilliger. “Ow! Ow! Ow!”
“Cod bless us, every one!” Duke Manfist shouted, hauling an oversized cod from the sack and smacking Redmond W. Terwilliger wetly in the face with it.
“That’s just wrong!” shouted Terwillger. He tried and failed to drag his cursed fist into position to fight back.
“Wait until you hear my Carol of the Bells!” Duke Manfist shouted. He began hurling large brass bells from his sack.
“Ow!” shouted Terwilliger.
“Bong!” went the bell.
“Ow!” shouted Terwilliger.
“Bong!” went the bell.
“Ow! Ow! Ow!” shouted Terwilliger.
“Bong! Bong! Bong!” went the bells, which, connected to the tones of Duke Manfist’s previously hurled musical missiles, played out the Ukrainian melody that was Mykola Leontovych’s Carol of the Bells.
“Did it have to be puns? DID IT HAVE TO BE CHRISTMAS PUNS?” demanded Redmond W. Terwilliger.
Duke Manfist stopped. He had emptied his sack. He paused, then walked across the room. He extended one ham-sized hand.
“It’s the holidays, Redmond,” Duke Manfist said. “And it’s Christmas. Just this once, put her there. You’re not bad, buddy.”
Redmond W. Terwilliger looked up, astonished. A single tear rolled down his pencil-thin cheek. “You... you... you really mean it?” he asked.
“No,” said Duke Manfist. “You’re an evil little douchebag. Also, my fist.”
As he was being punched unconscious, Redmond W. Terwilliger imagined that the pretty lights he saw were strung on Christmas trees, and not merely dancing across his retinas.

* * *

Doctor Coplawyer found Duke Manfist on his patio, grilling over his charcoal grill. While it was quite cold on the morning after Christmas Day, Manfist wore no shirt. Grilling was best done in as manly a fashion as possible. Around his thick neck hung an apron bearing the silk-screened words, “Kiss The Chef.” On the lawn behind him, Duke’s Tyrannosaurus Rex slept happily. Clutched in the dinosaur’s tiny claws was an oversized catnip beach ball Duke had given him for Christmas.
“Pull up a chair, Doc,” Duke Manfist gestured with his tongs. “It’s almost done.”
Coplawyer wrinkled his nose. His expression became one of horror. “That... that... Is that...?”
	“It’s either Prancer or Comet. I couldn’t tell you which.”
“But... how can you eat one of Santa’s reindeer?” Coplawyer demanded. “They’ll notice one is missing!”
“Keep yer bulletproof vest on, Doc,” Duke Manfist said. “He’s the backup Comet. Or whomever. You know, second string? Claus told me they go through one or two every Christmas. You don’t pull a sleigh around the world in one night and not kill a reindeer now and then.”
“That’s horrible,” said Coplawyer. “When did you talk to Claus?”
“He’s in the john,” Manfist said. “Came over to bring me lunch and to thank me for solving his Billy Froelich problem.”
“Did he bring the reindeer?”
“He said I could have whatever I wanted,” Manfist said. “And now that Gordo’s is back to beef like the rest of America’s fast food joints, I can’t get a good reindeer burger. I guess I developed a taste for it.”
“Wait,” Coplawyer said. “You mean... Gordo’s was not affected by the shortage because they were serving reindeer?”
“South American reindeer, to be exact,” Duke Manfist said. “Really, really illegal.”
“How do you know this?”
“Naughty and Nice List, natch,” said Duke.
“Of course,” said Coplawyer. “Of course. Well. I won’t... I won’t keep you, Duke. Just sign these papers.”
“What are they?”
“An extension of Ken Goodspeed’s assignment,” Coplawyer said. “You said yourself in your report Christmas Day that the rapport you experience with Goodspeed is unlike any since—”
“Wait a minute, Doc,” said Manfist. “Ken was lucky to survive those traps Billy Froelich set. A ‘Christmas miracle,’ the doctors called it. He’s all set to retire. That was the deal. Now you want to put him on the line again? He’ll be killed!”
“All the Goodspeeds are killed,” said Doctor Coplawyer.
“Well why does the one I like have to be?” Duke Manfist said. “Why can’t you just let him go home and then shanghai some other poor dork? Somebody I don’t have to care about if he gets a flaming arrow through the noggin or a bad case of butt cancer from those electrical P.R.O.B.E. thingies you’re always shoving up people’s launch tubes?”
“He can’t help himself, Duke,” said Santa Claus from behind the two men. “It’s all he knows.”
Coplawyer turned around. He paled as he looked into the face of Santa Claus for the first time in years.
“Don’t sign the papers, Duke,” said Santa. “Let Ken Goodspeed go back to his family. I think Doctor Gary Coplawyer here just might be feeling the spirit of Christmas.”
Coplawyer hung his head. “That’s Doctor Doctor Gary Coplawyer,” he said softly.
“What the Yosemite Sam is going on here?” said Duke Manfist.
“I told you that Billy Froelich was the second most evil child I have ever known,” said Santa. “In all my years I have only known one boy with a darker heart. His name was Gary. Gary Coplawyer.”
“Pencil-neck here?” Duke Manfist said. “This Nancy? I don’t believe it.”
“Don’t you?” Santa said, shaking his head. “Ask yourself, Duke: How many innocent people have died at Gary Coplawyer’s hands? How many of your partners were tricked into the dangerous work at which they died... and how many were forced, through legal manipulations, to work for the government against their will?”
“Everything I’ve done, I’ve done for my country,” said Coplawyer. “I will not stand here and—”
“Simon Portlack,” said Santa.
“Simon Portlack,” said Duke Manfist.
Coplawyer hung his head and was silent once more.
“He was always a miserable child,” Santa said. “No friends. Always obsessed with the letter of the law, or in this case, the rules every adult applies to children, Gary quickly became the fink of his neighborhood. A tattletale with no equal, Gary Coplawyer was constantly getting the other children in trouble, or setting them against each other for his own enjoyment. Manipulating others is a way of life for Gary. The more he did it as a child, the more he came to rely on it. It made him very, very bitter about life and his place within it. It also made him cruel.”
Doctor Coplawyer began to sob, silently. Big, wet tears rolled down his face.
“Then came the year that Gary Coplawyer did not get the electric surgery game he wanted for Christmas. He was so angry that he decided he would fight me, fight Santa Claus, using a method he knew only too well and against which even the North Pole had little power.”
“He butt-probed you all?” Duke Manfist offered.
Santa Claus shot Duke Manfist a horrified look. Then he shook his head. “No,” he said. “Gary Coplawyer knew his battlefield, and chose it well. He chose the law.”
“It’s true,” said Coplawyer, his shoulders heaving.
“I know you have it within you, Gary,” said Santa Claus, placing one hand on Coplawyer’s shoulder, “to do a single good deed. Do you remember, Gary, all those frivolous lawsuits you filed against me when you took up law as a pre-teen? Do you remember how badly the North Pole suffered at your hands? Injunctions. Product liability suits. Class action damages. Do you know, Gary, that I had to lay off an entire troop of my elves during the Christmas Season of 1981?”
“Were you able to hire them back?” Coplawyer asked hopefully.
“Gary, elves don’t file for unemployment. By ‘lay off,’ I mean ‘shoot in the face and bury in a mass grave.’ That was my only option, thanks to you. I couldn’t have the Department of Labor investigating my ‘racially pure work force.’”
“Oh, Santa,” said Coplawyer. “I’m so sorry.”
“Not as sorry as Mrs. Claus,” Santa said. “She loved those elves. So much so that over the years, I’ve had my suspicions... but that’s water under the bridge, now. She’s called me, finally, and come back home at last.”
“You said she was mad at you for slapping her one,” said Duke Manfist.
“We’ve had our problems,” Santa nodded. “Billy Froelich put me under so much stress that I very nearly drove her away. It took a good scare to remind her that she still needs me. And I must admit that no matter how many nubile young women in elf costumes and abbreviated red fur suits I entertain in her absence, I miss the old battle-axe.”
Duke Manfist nodded. “Yeah,” he said. “Wait, what scared Mrs. Claus?”
“Something about a man on fire running through her mother’s yard and setting the doghouse on fire,” said Claus.
“Sounds like a Christmas miracle,” said Duke.
“Perhaps,” said Santa. He turned to look Coplawyer in the eye once more. “What Billy Froelich put me through was nothing compared to you,” he said to Coplawyer. “Gary, when Mrs. Claus had her first stroke, thanks to the stress of your legal war against me, I eventually made the adjustment. When the reindeer all got the mange because I was spending our operating budget on legal bills instead of their vitamin supplements, I did what I could to get through it. When I get audited every fa-la-la-ing year by the IRS because of the anonymous tips you made all those years ago, I do what I can to summon to my heart the spirit of Christmas. And it is in the spirit of Christmas that I ask you now to sign these papers my own elven attorneys drew up. They are Ken Goodspeed’s Christmas present.”
Santa held out the papers. It was a release, restoring Ken Goodspeed’s given name and freeing him in perpetuity from service to Secret Headquarters. Dripping tears on the sheaf of legal papers, Coplawyer hastily signed them. Santa tucked them back inside his coat.
“Gary, I know you have always felt rejected. I know that all you ever really wanted was to feel loved, to feel accepted. I know that the evil you have done, the pain you have caused me and my people, and the damage you have inflicted on others is all driven by the pain you carry inside you.”
“Yes,” blubbered Coplawyer.
“And that is why, in the name of Christmas, Gary, that holiest of holy days, the season for which the whole world lives, year in and year out, I have just one thing to say to you.”
“Yes, Santa?” Coplawyer said, looking up into the man’s eyes. Tears streamed down his cheeks.
“Gary Coplawyer,” said Santa Claus, “I hope you die.”
And with that, Santa Claus walked out of the room, left Duke Manfist’s home, mounted the sleigh parked outside, and flew off into the crisp winter sky.
Doctor Coplawyer stared after him, speechless.
“Merry Christmas, Nancy,” said Duke Manfist.



ABOUT PHIL ELMORE

A veteran of World War I, Phil Elmore cut his teeth killing the Kaiser’s Prussian mercenaries in the trenches of Europe. It was there, in a lonely Belgian speakeasy, that he met a turncoat Prussian named Dietrich Murgenfurst. No stranger to bare-knuckle boxing himself, Elmore witnessed Murgenfurst murder no less than half a dozen British tunnel rats with nothing but his mighty fists and his icy cold demeanor. 
Thus was the legend of Duke Manfist born, as Elmore, upon returning to his home town of Chicago, fictionalized Murgenfurst’s exploits in the world’s first action serial comic strip. Banned in seven states and required reading in Tennessee, Duke Manfist Daily would eventually become the novel series known and beloved by Americans everywhere. While Elmore reportedly had to tone down both his own manliness and Dietrich Murgenfurst’s bloodlust to make his creation palatable to American readers, his creation lived on, becoming a publishing juggernaut in completely serious, non-satirical action fiction.
After his disappearance in 1941, reputed to be the work of vengeful German sleeper agents, Elmore was declared legally dead and his entire estate willed to his beloved Irish Wolfhound, Manuel. Manuel’s descendants enjoy the profits and dividends of the Duke Manfist saga to this day. This edition, now in its sixtieth printing, faithfully recreates the 1927 original. May contain trace amounts of mercury.


