The Misfits of Monrovia

Paul Reidy

(For Jacques and Elliot)


Copyright 2012 Paul Reidy

Smashwords Edition

ISBN: 9781301104925

This book is an original work of fiction by its author, Paul Reidy. 
Similarities to any persons, living or dead, are purely coincidental.

License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

About the Author

***

Table of Contents

Chapter 1: Ciatta Connah
Chapter 2: Finn Marshall
Chapter 3: Stan Petrowski
Chapter 4: Dexter McCabe
Chapter 5: Spat's Cats
Chapter 6: Spat Moore
Chapter 7: Kate Livingstone
Chapter 8: Maurice McDonald
Chapter 9: Father Larry
Chapter 10: George Cavendish
Chapter 11: Brad Roberts
Chapter 12: Freda Bernard
Chapter 13: Momalu Edwards
Chapter 14: Father Cormac
Chapter 15: Lieutenant Mulbah
Chapter 16: Mister Albert
Epilogue


Prologue


The man waves to the friendly truck driver at the entrance to Beajah. He has decided to abandon his bicycle and hitch a ride the rest of the way, having examined the buckled front wheel from his earlier fall at the checkpoint. He cannot risk it being worsened any more by the numerous bumps and potholes along the road or he will never reach the market back in Monrovia before they close it up for the night. And he has mouths to feed.
He crosses the bridge and makes his way into the forest beyond. It is dark, humid, and – now that the skies have broken – dripping wet. The fresh raindrops from the overhanging trees land on his neck and roll down his back making him shiver slightly. There is a squelch at his feet from the undergrowth he is now walking deeper into the thick of.
He is not long untangling bushes and briars before he hears the click of a rifle’s safety catch being released behind him. He stops still and raises his hands above his head.
‘Where do you think you’re going?’ a deep voice inquires.
‘I'm … I was told to find Lieutenant Mulbah. I have a message from Monrovia. The white man sent me,’ the man replies.
‘I’m Mulbah. What’s the message?’
‘Terminate Plan A, Abort Plan B, Eliminate Messenger,’ he says.
‘Terminate Plan A?’ the voice repeats.
‘That’s right.’
‘And Abort Plan B? Why? What’s happened?’ the voice continues. ‘Did he say why?’
‘No, sir.’
‘No reason at all?’
‘No.’
‘And Eliminate Messenger? Eliminate Messenger?’
‘That’s what he said, sir.’
‘And who are you?’
‘I’m Gabriel, sir.’
‘And you’re the messenger?’
‘Yes, sir.’
‘I see,’ Mulbah says thoughtfully. Why terminate and abort so suddenly with no explanation? And eliminate the messenger? Why not just send somebody trustworthy? He does not like the sound of this at all.
‘Can I go now, sir? I need to collect the rest of my money before the market closes. Please, sir, if there’s nothing else.’
‘Let me ask you a question first,’ Mulbah’s voice asks gravely. ‘Have you any idea what the word ‘eliminate’ means?’
‘No, sir.’
‘No, of course not. You just deliver messages. To feed your family, I presume. You have a family?’
‘A wife and a child, sir.’
‘A wife and a child?’ Mulbah repeats. ‘You have a wife and child?
‘Yes, sir.’
‘Is it a boy or a girl?’
‘Is what a boy or a girl, sir?’
‘Your child!’
‘Oh, a girl,’ he says, wondering why this piece of information should be of interest to anyone but him. 
‘A girl, you say?’
‘Yes, sir.’
‘I have a baby girl too,’ Mulbah says, looking down at his rifle. ‘I’m not much of a father though. This damn war …’ he falters. He looks at the dark clouds above. ‘Some day it will end you know. All wars end eventually.’
The messenger is silent. Mulbah straightens up. ‘Now go back and tell that man who sent you that his damn mission is accomplished. And tell him I’m no longer interested in any future deals. Tell him he can go and do his own eliminating from now on,’ he says with disdain.
‘He can do his own …?’ the listener mutters.
‘Tell him Plans A and B are understood, and for him to do his own dirty work with messengers from now on!’
The confused man hears a shuffling behind him, then silence. He stands still for a moment and listens, hearing nothing but the sound of falling rain on leaves. He turns around slowly, and, seeing that he is alone, drops his hands. He then hurries back through the wet bush to the bridge.
‘Plans A and B understood,’ he says aloud, over and over again to himself, eager to remember the return message. ‘Plans A and B understood, and dirty work with messengers.’


1. Ciatta Connah


The fuss that Spat had been making, in her preparations for her fortieth birthday party, was driving Dexter into a state of despair. Esther, their cook, in particular, was most put out having to perfect the art of European cuisine in so short a space of time. Nothing she tried was good enough for Spat. Drivers were constantly ordered to and from the market for the smallest of supplies, and gate guards’ duties now extended to decorating the house and repairing everything and anything faulty. Even the office girls were given tasks, writing up and hand-delivering invitations to members of the international community, a few local dignitaries and guests.
Dexter had had enough. He needed to get out of the house and Papa Romeo bar seemed most inviting. He called Finn, his UN friend, on his handset to join him for the evening, knowing that he never refused an offer of a drink from his Irish companion.
It was dark enough out and the sound of the distant, moonlit waves was crashing down the hill from Papa Romeo bar in rhythmic incantation. The smell of roasting fish wafted in the air above the makeshift beer garden where they sat overlooking the Atlantic Ocean. The menu would otherwise be tempting were it not for the common knowledge that the proprietor, Papa Romeo, paid the street boys a small amount of money each morning to sweep the dead ones off the beach. Dexter and Finn had long made a habit of opting for the chicken skewers.
Some time into the evening, while Finn was at the makeshift toilet out the back (a hole in the ground concealed by mud-daubed walls with an overhanging roof thatch), Dexter spotted a woman he had seen several times in the past, sitting on a high stool by the bar alone, smoking a cigarette and sipping her drink from a single straw. Her pale make-up made her look of mixed race, a light coffee complexion, the most sought after in her business. Her lips were large but not oversized and were accentuated, just enough that night, by dark red lipstick – Rouge Bordeaux, they called it in the market. She wore a simple, tight-fitting skirt that pressed firmly enough on her hips to exaggerate the curvature of her figure. Dexter knew it was the Marines she was waiting for, who were late by their usual standards. Apart from a small number of expatriate personnel, Marines were the only ones who regularly broke curfew as they carried side arms and were trained not to fear trouble.
It was as she was lighting a fresh cigarette from the butt end of her last, that she and Dexter made the briefest of eye contacts across the bar. This was enough. She shifted around on her stool, stood up and walked slowly and deliberately towards his stone-bench table. Bending down just enough to give him a lengthy look at her cleavage, she asked if she might join him since her friends had failed to show up like they had promised. Dexter nodded, indicating the seat opposite him and she sat, smoothing her short skirt with a bright smile that revealed a perfect set of white teeth.
‘So what has you up so late?’ she began.
‘Thought I’d get a bit of sea air,’ Dexter replied, as he watched her moist, burgundy lips suck long on her cigarette.
‘Ah,’ she said longingly. ‘The smell of fish. Don’t you just love it?’
‘Of fish?’ he asked, looking at her peculiarly.
‘Fish!’ she repeated.
‘You mean rotten fish?’
‘Rotten?’
‘Papa Romeo’s special.’
‘Oh, that,’ she said, looking suddenly uncomfortable. She took a quick sip of her drink. ‘Ciatta’s my name by the way, in case you’re interested.’
‘Oh, sorry, I’m Dexter,’ he said, and then indicated the returning figure of his friend who was struggling to close the zip on his jeans. ‘And this here’s Finn.’
‘Fin!’ she began, as he took his seat. ‘You like tail?’
There was a momentary silence on the opposite side of the table. ‘Fish tail – fin! You know!’
Finn looked from her to Dexter and back. He was used to the unwelcome attentions of such women and had grown hardened to them. ‘Oh, for God's sake, look,’ he said firmly. ‘We’re not interested in anything, if that’s what you’re after.’
‘You’re not interested in what?’ she replied.
‘Well I don’t know. Sex, I suppose. Look, we’re just out for a quiet one, so leave us alone. Please!’
Ciatta’s cheeks flushed. ‘Who said anything about sex?’ she asked. ‘What made you think I wanted sex?’ she continued with consternation.
‘Well if you’re not a prostitute,’ Finn persisted. ‘Why sit here waiting for Marines to arrive every night and then disappear off to the Embassy with them or wherever it is you go?’
Her eyes dropped, and she went silent. Dexter stared intently at the remainder of the chicken skewer on his plate, feeling a sudden sense of shame. Why had he agreed to let her join them? It was partly his fault she was now in this embarrassing predicament. When he looked at her again, the light from the quarter moon between the gently swaying palm fronds had caught the side of her face. ‘Well anyway, Ciatta,’ he said quietly. ‘You look nice tonight.’
Finn glanced sideways at Dexter with a reprimanding glance just as Manny, Papa Romeo’s son, arrived with the plate of fish Ciatta had earlier ordered at the bar. Taking the plate, she sent him off for her second rum and coke of the evening.
‘So I guess you want to know why I do it then?’ she said at last. ‘With Marines? I’ll tell you what – pick up my tab on that fish and the drink Manny’s about to bring to me and I’ll explain it to you two boys. To you,’ she said, now looking fixedly at Finn. ‘I’ll explain it nice and slowly.’
Finn rolled his eyes. Ciatta’s continued presence was beginning to ruin his evening. They sat watching her in silence as she turned her fish over with her fork, examining it for blemishes. When Manny returned, Dexter handed him a wad of Liberian dollars and told him to keep the change.
‘Wait!’ she said, as he turned to walk away. Manny looked back at Ciatta who was pointing at her plate.
‘Try some!’ she said. 
‘I’m fine, thank you, Miss Ciatta,’ he replied, with a faint expression of horror crossing his face.
 ‘I insist!’
She held out her fork to Manny, whose eyes flashed. Dexter and Finn watched as he took the fork and held it hesitantly above the fish for a moment, then turned it over, and finally lifted the chosen morsel of flesh hesitantly to his lips. He closed his eyes in concentration and opened his mouth. As he placed it between his lips, his cheeks puffed and his nostrils widened briefly. He chewed slowly and carefully until his throat was seen to lurch. Then he opened his mouth and, with a sense of personal triumph for them all to see, it was empty. ‘Enjoy your meal!’ he said casually, and walked off.
Dexter grinned broadly as Ciatta pushed the plate away from her. ‘So here's why I do it,’ she continued. ‘It, as if it were an ugly word. I’ve never met a man yet who wasn’t interested in it before. But just look at you guys. Look at your women. I’ve seen them dressed in clothes I can’t imagine wearing and eating in the best restaurants in town. I’ve lived my whole awful life trying to make something for myself. All I can sell is what I’ve got, and this body,’ she said, looking down and hesitating briefly. ‘Is all I’ve got.’
The waves gently crashed on the shore down beyond the low wall at the back of the bar. The breeze was like an anaesthetic. It was getting late, even by post-curfew standards.
‘But Marines?’ Dexter said, the thought almost too much to bear. He resented Marines for a whole range of reasons and on numerous levels. Not that it was any of his business, but he would much rather she had sex with anyone but Marines.
‘They buy me dresses. They take me to the Embassy. We drink beers. They have a cinema screen there with Hollywood movies. And if they can still stand up by midnight, we do it. In the morning I go to the market, buy my food, eat, and then sleep for the rest of the day. And that’s all there is to it. Now, any more questions?’ she asked, indicating clearly the end of that particular conversation.
Dexter’s head felt light. The beers were strong and having their desired effect, and in his mild haze Ciatta was transforming herself before him. He was even beginning to fancy her a little he thought. She was a resourceful woman going to lengths to survive at the end of the world. And here she was now laughing, telling them about the size of Sergeant Brad Roberts’s pistol. His was the smallest. For some reason, Dexter felt better to learn of this otherwise inconsequential piece of trivia. He found Brad altogether rude and dislikeable.
Finn looked at his watch. There would be roadblocks and spot checks on the way home, drunken soldiers and even perhaps some armed militia looking for trouble. He had been warned, as had Dexter, on numerous occasions by his superiors, that breaking curfew was strongly condemned. But there was always something hypnotic about the sound of the sea and the cold beers at Papa Romeo bar that nearly always delayed him. Tonight, however, he had had enough of his present company. He finished his glass, drinking the last of his beer in large slurps. He had to go. He would see Dexter next week. He would call him. He nodded coldly at Ciatta and offered her a muttered ‘goodnight’.
Ciatta smirked at Dexter, whose eyes were beginning to gloss over. She knew she would have to work quickly. She made sure not to slump as she leant ever so slightly forward. She tossed her hair and exposed her wrists. She concentrated on keeping her mouth slightly open as she listened to Dexter tell her of his awkward boss and her irksome birthday preparations, and moistened her lips by flicking her tongue over them sporadically. She made sure he saw her fondle her glass and took extra long pulls from her cigarette. She was a busy woman.
Soon Papa Romeo emerged and loitered close to their table. It was time to close up for the night and this was his cue. It would normally have been Manny’s job, but Manny was throwing up rotten fish in the toilet out the back.
It was a seven-minute walk around the block to Gibson Street, where Spat was most likely in her bedroom. Dexter often wondered what his boss wore in bed: curlers perhaps and a hair net on the nights when Stan, her sometime partner, chose not to sleep over. He had called her ‘Spat’ behind her back in the office once, much to Martha and Chamblah’s amusement, after she had raised her voice on the telephone one afternoon, telling a bewildered Liberian, ‘It’s not Patricia. It’s Pat! Snot Patricia, spat.’ It was a nickname that soon stuck with the local staff.
Dexter felt a little unsteady on his feet and his eyesight was somewhat hazy by the time they reached the corner of Gibson Street. The sound of the waves was dying gracefully behind them and the moon was at its height, when all of a sudden Ciatta gave a start. There, not fifty yards away, were two men, soldiers, smoking and chatting by a low wall. She tugged at Dexter who took a moment to focus. ECOMOG. Nigerians.
‘Shit!’
‘Hey!’ one shouted, pointing his gun directly at them. ‘Hey you! Don’t move!’
They stopped and stood still, daring to breathe.
Although he had broken curfew many times in the past, Dexter had never really considered the possibility of getting caught. He had never strayed further than Papa Romeo bar, with the quiet and relatively anonymous Gibson Street only a short walk away. But curfew was now at least an hour past. There was no feasible excuse for their blatant disregard for authority. And ECOMOG had their reputation to uphold.
The soldiers approached directly, their guns raised. ‘Where are you coming from?’ barked one, seemingly the senior of the two.
‘We were down by the beach …’ Ciatta began.
‘Shut up you!’ he shouted. ‘I’m not talking to you!’
Ciatta let go of Dexter’s arm and stood apart, staring at her feet.
‘You!’ he said, pointing his index finger at Dexter who was trying hard to stand upright unaided. 
‘Who are you? Where are you coming from?’ the soldier demanded.
‘Dexter McCabe. Papa Romeo.’
‘Which is it?’ he snapped.
‘Which is what?’
‘Your name, asshole!’
‘Oh, Dexter. Dexter McCabe. Sorry.’
The soldier gave him a furrowed look. ‘Get down!’ he said suddenly, as if an idea had just occurred to him.
‘Get down how?’ Dexter asked. It seemed like a strange request.
‘Bend your knees! You too!’ he said pointing at Ciatta. ‘Put your hands on the back of your heads!’
They hesitated.
‘NOW!’ he roared.
They got down in a squatting position. The quiet soldier turned his rifle so that its butt hovered over the back of Ciatta’s head. The one giving the orders was clearly more interested in Dexter.
‘Hop!’ he shouted suddenly.
‘Hop?’ Dexter replied.
‘Hop like frogs!’
They hesitated once more.
‘NOW!’ he screamed.
Dexter began to bounce clumsily on his hunkers. It was not easy. He felt ill. Ciatta watched and aped his gesture. The soldiers looked on at first in expressionless silence, but soon began to smile, and then laughed heartily, until they grew bored and began to chat in a language Dexter did not understand. He continued to hop. His legs ached. He coughed. Had the soldiers forgotten all about them? Was this it? he wondered.
‘Excuse me?’ he asked politely, quite out of breath.
‘What?’ the soldier snapped impatiently.
‘Can we stop and go home now?’
‘Oh go home white man!’ the senior one replied. ‘Take your whore. Next time you won’t be so lucky.’ And with that, as abruptly as the soldiers had entered their lives, they were gone, walking purposefully past the local cinema hut towards United Nations Drive. It was over. Dexter felt a wave of relief descend.
‘Are you alright, Ciatta?’ he asked.
‘I’m fine. They’re gone. I’m fine.’
‘Go home then. It’s very late,’ he added quickly.
‘But I’m going home with you,’ she said, her voice sounding puzzled. ‘I live near Benson Street. It is too long a walk and the streets are not safe. You know that. You’ve just seen it for yourself.’
For a desperate moment, Dexter considered his position. He had had a few drinks and the minor trauma of a rather curious frog-hopping punishment, but he felt more sober now. It had cleared his head. He had had a pleasant conversation with a prostitute in a bar after curfew, and now they were at the top of his street, not far from his gate. An image of Sergeant Brad Roberts flashed before him. What was he thinking? How could he bring a prostitute home to a house that he shared with his female boss? He had more than enough issues with her as it was. He thought about the conversation they might have over breakfast, laughing over ECOMOG’s little amusement the night before and the fate of poor Liberian girls forced into prostitution by transient white men. The situation was preposterous.
He began the walk towards his house with Ciatta following close behind. ‘You can’t stay,’ he heard himself say as they reached his gate, squirming at his own spinelessness.
‘But I might be stopped again!’ she said, deadly serious now. ‘What do you think they’ll do if they catch me on my own? The only reason those soldiers back there didn’t beat me, or worse, was because I was with you. And besides, you said you wanted me. You told me that, back at the bar.’
‘What?’ he replied. ‘I never said that!’
‘You said it!’ she said forcefully.
While Dexter banged hard on his metal gate, Ciatta looked down Sekou Toure Avenue running away from Gibson Street. Her mind was thinking quickly. There would be a definite checkpoint near her crossing at Newport Street onto Benson, but she could keep in the shadows, wait, and maybe make a run for it if the soldiers could somehow be distracted. Or perhaps she could make a detour down Mechlin Street? But she knew this was risky; it was a much longer route and it was vital to get home as quickly as possible. She would have to keep in against the doorways in any case, anywhere with shadow.
Her make-up was beginning to smudge with perspiration. Even in the half-light Dexter could see this clearly. Was she going to cry? he wondered. Was she going to make a scene? He almost heard himself ask what the neighbours would say.
‘You must go home,’ he pleaded. ‘I’m sorry.’
‘Wait!’ she cried, making a lonely looking figure on that quiet street. She was a girl again, no longer the professional. And she was frightened. ‘Please,’ she begged.
‘I’m sorry,’ Dexter repeated.
‘Well then I need some money,’ she said. ‘I have no food for tomorrow.’
Dexter could hardly bear to hear it. He quickly dug his hand into his pocket and gave her his remaining Liberian dollars. He nearly threw them at her in his anxiety to get back inside his gate. Their eyes did not meet again. She lifted her dress and hid them unashamedly in her panties.
Thomas, the gate guard, opened up for Dexter just in time to see the money being passed and Ciatta turning despondently away. It would be on everyone’s lips in the morning: the generosity of the white man who paid the prostitute for her conversation only. What gallantry!
Once inside, Dexter undressed and lay awake for a long time on his bed. He thought he could hear Spat snoring in her room across the hall. His mind was in a whirl. Ciatta would be fine, he kept reassuring himself over and over. She had done this before, surely. She knew the routes to avoid the checkpoints. She was young and could outrun a drunken soldier, possibly even in high heels. But his thoughts soon darkened and his words sounded hollow to him. What had he done? How could he have been so cowardly? And what kind of person was Liberia turning him into?


She watched as his gate closed behind him. She was alone on Gibson Street, tired from her squats but relieved that they did not single her out and drag her away. The white man would most likely have done nothing to stop them. She scolded herself quietly. Had she learnt nothing these past seven years than to risk her life for a few dollars on a potential customer? She now had to think quickly and carefully.
She crossed onto Sekou Toure Avenue, deciding Newport Street was her best option. She moved hesitantly, making sure to keep in close to the doorways. She had had her fill of ECOMOG, the regional peacekeeping force in Liberia, and knew she would have to be smart to escape any further notice. But she was aware too that ECOMOG soldiers were only one of the many possible threats to her safety that night – militia and midnight prowlers were not uncommon on the streets of post-curfew Monrovia.
At the corner of Newport and Benson she paused, crouching down behind what was once the front wall of a building but was now reduced to near-rubble. She could hear the sound of the soldiers at the checkpoint in boisterous conversation, their voices echoing down the narrow side streets to the junction. She waited until her eyes adjusted to the scene, counting three soldiers at least. She would have to wait, all night if necessary.
And then, all of a sudden, she heard a noise behind her that made her shriek and her heart thump loudly in her chest. She turned slowly to see two yellow beads of light staring at her in the darkness. Then the growl, a low grumbling at first, followed by a vicious loud snarl. The stray dog in the corner, possibly rabid, had been disturbed from its slumber and was now most definitely salivating.
The voices on the street went silent for a moment. Then a single voice shouted what appeared to be an order.
She sat with her back edged close to the wall.
‘Shh,’ she whispered, now trembling. ‘Good dog. Shh!’
She listened hard. She could clearly hear footsteps. Someone was approaching.
She crouched and turned her head, squinting through a gap where some bricks had been loosened. There were two of them, making their way towards her position. She bent lower, moving deeper into the shadows. 
‘Shh!’ she pleaded to the faint silhouette in the darkness. 
Her breathing became heavy as the soldiers drew closer. Her mouth was dry. Their footsteps stopped beyond the wall, not five metres from where she cowered. She heard the sound of the safety catches on their rifles being released.
‘Who’s there?’ a single voice commanded.
There was silence. 
‘Who’s there?’ the voice repeated with urgency.
She closed her eyes and in the blackness an image of a white man, turning his back to her as he entered his gate, appeared as in a vision. 
And then it happened. From her position (the back of her head now pressed firmly against the crumbling wall), Ciatta could hear a sudden commotion and panic on the street. One of the soldiers was screaming with pain as the dog attacked, sinking his teeth deep into his leg, tearing the skin right off. She listened – her eyes shut tight, her knuckles sore from the clenching of her fists – to the sound of a yelp and a shot that rang out, echoing into the night. And in the silence that followed, her lips moved in prayer for her canine saviour. 
The injured man cursed. She heard the sound of scuffling feet as the soldier at the checkpoint shouted something across the street. She waited and then turned to see the soldiers on either side of the victim, half carrying, half dragging him towards their hut. 
She remained in her spot for some minutes. She knew that timing was crucial. She waited until all three were inside the hut, tending to the noisy patient. Picking herself up, she edged her way towards the corner of the building, keeping her back against the outer wall. The street was deserted. She removed her shoes, inhaled deeply, counted to three, and then raced as fast as she could across the junction. She ran until she could no longer feel her legs beneath her. She ran, with her heart beating as if it would burst, running for her life into the night towards her home, listening for that dreaded sound of the single gunshot behind her that would end her own personal war for good. 


2. Finn Marshall


There were two major problems with Finn Marshall’s life. One was that he did not like living in Monrovia, the place where he had been stationed as a UN volunteer for two years, and the other was that he neither understood nor cared too much about aid work. He heard terms daily that sounded revolutionary to his ear: capacity building, micro-development, advocacy. His actual job, in between playing games of Solitaire on his office desktop, involved weekly upcountry helicopter trips to Robertsport. He flew to Grand Bassa County regularly too in an old Soviet 12-seater deathtrap to show a presence at way stations and refugee camps. He counted supplies in workshops, and bags of pulses in Rubb Halls. He filled in figures on spreadsheets when he returned, which took little time as he mostly delegated this to Maria, the office secretary, and someone somewhere, he was told, benefitted as a result. If he were true to himself, though, notwithstanding the seeming pointlessness of his existence, he found some comfort in his anonymity and tedious routine.
He paused sometimes when shaving in front of the mirror and wondered where the man who had stepped aboard a plane at John F. Kennedy, so long ago now it seemed, was gone. He was becoming a vague memory to himself. He laughed when recalling his innocence: the adventurer, the hero, the do-gooder. What good had he ever done for anyone? In his mind, he had invented an Africa that could be saved from hunger by a sole white protagonist, but time and failure to grasp the fundamental principles of his work wore hard on him to put that crazy notion to rest. And so on the occasional night he drank with his friend Dexter in Papa Romeo bar, and most every other night he drank with any other exiled misfit he could find in the city.
His boss, George, or ‘the-UN-man-with-a-problem’ as he sometimes called him, had for some months now been hardly seen. In his working hours, he locked himself in his office pretending to be out, and in his spare time he hid in his house behind padlocked gates and windows with iron-grilled frames. He only ever attended functions if the invitation was in writing and hand delivered, and if its deliverer was determined and clever enough to catch him. He had lost it, Finn thought, if he ever had it in the first place.
The night that Finn entered the Pakistani restaurant in Vai Town with a baseball bat was his lowest point. It was not something he recalled with great clarity. He had been drinking all weekend and was disoriented. He could not even remember going home for the bat, or if indeed he even meant it to be a weapon. Maybe he intended playing a game of pitch and toss with some passer-by? He remembered the splitting headache he had when some of the restaurant staff, one no more than ten years of age, jumped him. They were tugging at him and pulling him. He had had enough of being pushed around and laughed at. They were all at it. Even the kids and the street boys were part of it. And the hands that night that shook his shoulder belonged to it too.
The rest was a blur. He woke up in a hospital bed with stitches on his head. The locals told him later, with some curious admiration, that he had fought well. It was a free show for them, the likes of which had never been seen before, and which they found most entertaining indeed: the puffing, tired, white man, swinging a bat like some Neanderthal, everyone dodging its trajectory. They could have sold tickets at the door.
He would have been sent home by any self-respecting boss of any organisation in the country but his own. When the father of the young boy who had lost a tooth in the incident made an official complaint the following day, George accused him of stealing his pencil. As the poor man denied it profusely and then turned despondently away, George saw his opportunity. He couldn’t believe a person would give in so easily. He hammered home his point by claiming that he would kick his geriatric ass up and down Mamba Point if he ever as much as mentioned the incident again, not to mind the compensation. The gall!
Sometime later, Finn was called in for the inevitable form-filling exercise when such incidences could potentially get problematic.
‘Problem solved!’ George announced, grinning widely. ‘All done! You won’t see him again, but for God’s sake keep away from that restaurant for a while till things die down.’
Finn suddenly felt a conflicting mixture of relief and outrage, at once wanting to kiss his boss and simultaneously punch his head in.
‘I hit his child on the face with a baseball bat,’ he said almost incredulously. ‘I could have killed him.’
‘Oh, nonsense! These things happen all the time. I once killed a man myself,’ he said, unmistakably flippant.
‘What?’ Finn was sure he had not heard George properly. ‘You what?’ An awful thought crossed his mind that in some dysfunctional way, George was trying to make him feel better. But as he looked into the eyes of this Englishman in front of him, he realised that he was deadly serious. 
‘When? Why?’ was all Finn could think to ask.
‘Oh, a long time ago. Nothing to concern yourself about. Anyway, as I say, it’s all sorted.’
George shuffled some papers, finding the pencil he had mislaid earlier. He began to scribble - a sign that their conversation was over. Finn was to close the door on his way out. His job was safe. He was in the clear.
That night, on Finn's way home from work, he left a sack of rice and a bag of boiled sweets he had purchased at the market at the door of the Pakistani man’s house with a note that read: 

Dear Mister Restaurant Owner,
I am truly sorry for my actions last night. I am ashamed more than you can ever 
imagine. I hope your boy is okay, and that you will accept my gift.
Sorry again!
The White Man With The Bat
P.S. The sweets are for the boy.

The following morning, after shaving in the bathroom, he looked at his hands dramatically: the hands that could have killed another human being, he thought. He would have liked to think that his gifts the night before were a simple act to clear his guilty conscience, but he knew there was something deeper stirring in him. The token gesture was a futile act to reclaim a sense of lost humanity. Because, all bats and broken teeth aside, Finn knew he had somehow got himself lost in Africa.
These were the thoughts going through his head, triggered by Dexter and Ciatta’s obvious preference for one another’s company, as he left them in intimate conversation that night at Papa Romeo bar. He had never enjoyed watching others flirt, being odd-man-out as he so often found himself these days. But increasingly he was losing patience with the subtleties and nuances of the opposite sex, and so had largely abstained from that whole business. He needed another drink and would have to sit at home alone now to lose himself. He would not risk another clandestine bar at this time of night, even if he could find one.
It would have been a pleasant walk under any other circumstances. There was no one about. It was at least half an hour past curfew he guessed, as he never wore a watch, but what was curfew to a UN volunteer? He had a badge. He knew the right people. 
The ocean was somewhere down the long sloping hill to his right behind the half-destroyed houses, most of them roofless or patched up by corrugated iron sheeting. He could hear its relentless swish and suck, swish and suck, a sound that reminded him of his childhood holidays on tranquil Florida evenings. At times he thought Monrovia could look quite pretty with a bit of tender-loving care. All it needed, he considered, was a whole load of white masonry paint. He amused himself with the thought of a new organisation, an NGO coming to town calling itself Paint The World or Save The Facades. This would indeed be worth donating one’s small change to every Christmas in the charity boxes back home, he thought.
All of a sudden, Finn sensed something was wrong. He felt a chill run down his spine. He was not sure at first from which direction he detected it, but it was as real to him instantly as the ground beneath his feet. Monrovia, like its people, was an impulsive place. There was an air of craziness that blew in from the coast, the same air that now rubbed against Finn’s cheek and tousled the hair on the back of his neck. 
The threat was from behind. He could hear faint but clear footsteps. He figured one to two hundred yards. No more. He figured two to three sets of footsteps. He was three blocks from home. His mind was racing. Which way? Randall Street was to his immediate left. There was an alley, but he could not think in his panic where it led to. Was it a dead end? He tried hard to remember if he had been down that way. Had he not cut through it before? Or was that Gurley Street? Was it Randall Street or Gurley Street? Think! his mind was bawling at him. 
Maybe they were out like him, just having a few innocent beers and making their way home too. He and Dexter were not the only ones in Monrovia to break the rules. But they were not chatting. If they had been out for a few beers they’d be chatting surely. Maybe they hadn’t seen him. It was dark enough, despite the quarter moon. How far could he see ahead of him? How far could they see? His heart was pumping now and his legs felt weak. He could still run. But they might give chase and he was not a fast runner anymore. He had consumed far too much beer over the years. Perhaps they were slow runners too. He didn’t fancy a chase. They might just leave him if he stood his ground, but he was losing hope as quickly as the rate of their pace was increasing. Or was he imagining the whole thing? No. He could hear them. It was past curfew, it was dark, and he was being followed in Monrovia. He was in a serious predicament and he knew it.
Notions of his pursuers flashed through his head. Who would follow a white man down Mamba Point? Nigerian ECOMOG soldiers was his first instinct. But those guys slouched at checkpoints and drank too much. They laughed at white people and joked about them, not followed them home after curfew. And they were not so bad anyway. He remembered the time a group of them had called to his house early one morning to search for weapons while carrying out a series of random spot checks around the city. They had not known it was a UN house, but were obliged to go ahead with the search anyway as a crowd of curious onlookers gathered on the street. The captain was clearly embarrassed and apologetic. Finn had tried to reach George on his handset who didn’t respond as was usual. But they had been decent, he remembered. They put everything back that they upturned. Altogether he had considered them, granted they were sober, to be quite upfront and professional in their manner. Finn had even felt a little sorry for them after the international community heard about the incident and they were brought to account. He had no personal axe to grind with ECOMOG who were keeping the peace in Liberia, albeit tenuous, despite their critics. They would go easy on him. But just as soon as that notion appeared before him, he dismissed it as a possibility because by now, they would have called out. 
His second instinct was the Pakistani man. Had he arranged thugs to take revenge on him? Teach him a lesson maybe? They might even have baseball bats for the ironical touch. It would be a good one. The boy’s dental costs might have run high and the father was probably furious. Maybe they were thinking to mug the money out of him, considering George had refused to pay up? But Finn knew that the Pakistani man was rather benign. He had been to the restaurant a few times before that crazy night. He was a father and old enough to be a grandfather. He seemed like a nice old man really. The rice and boiled sweets should have sealed it. And the apology note for that. 
Street kids, marijuana-smoking shadows, who pickpocketed in the marketplace and who slept under Johnson Bridge, was his third instinct. Dexter told him that he had often seen them pilfering oranges from the Down’s-Syndrome man’s stall. But surely even these outcasts were aware of the dangers of breaking curfew? Finn might get away with it because of the colour of his skin but they would not be as fortunate if they were caught. It was a harsh place and there were easier ways of making money. To his knowledge, they did not break curfew by rule. They would be too afraid, and by that time of night, all going to plan, would be too high on marijuana or brown-brown to care less.
A fourth possibility started to take shape, but its instant horror caused his mind to suppress it before it turned his numbing legs to mush. 
Soon the footsteps were so close that Finn had no choice but to run. He hoped that his pursuers had beer bellies too, whoever they might be. His legs felt spidery. He listened and could just about hear over the thumping of his pulse that the footsteps were now running too. He was being chased. There was no doubt about it and there was no one around to call to. 
He made it to the corner of Center Street. He did not trust his instincts to take a guess at the short cut. His house was not far off, and for the briefest of moments a glimmer of hope came to him. It was a euphoric feeling but illusory, the adrenaline pumping hard into his system. What he would give now to wake up in the morning in his comfortable bed! He was so close; almost home.
But as he turned the corner on to his road, his front door in sight, he carelessly stumbled on a kerb, stuttered forward a few feet, thought momentarily that he had managed to regain his balance and was straightening up, before the ground raced towards his face, followed by the feeling of intense pain and the taste of blood in his mouth.
His final recollections of the incident were the footsteps behind him and a heavy thump that smacked him squarely on the back of his head. There was no pain as such, just the strangest of sensations as his brain switched leisurely into unconsciousness, and all that came to his mind was George, behind his office desk, smirking smugly: ‘I killed a man once … nothing to concern yourself about.’


Finn woke up in what looked to be a human cage. There were trees. He was in a clearing, surrounded by a circle of forest. It was some village of sorts by the look of the mud-brick dwellings and a palaver hut. There were voices close by too. He heard running water not far off. There was wood smoke. It was morning time. He was alive.
Outside of his small cage there was much confusion. One man in particular seemed to be very cross indeed. He heard phrases like I say? I say? and My name-o, jes put me down-o! He had heard such vernacular many times before, most notably in the marketplace, but had never cared much for its meaning until now. He could tell by the tone of the speakers, however, that there was a strong difference of opinion among the excited men. He guessed too that he was somehow the cause of the argument.
Rising off his back slowly and carefully (there were no broken bones it seemed but the back of his head ached terribly), he saw a group of men surrounding two young boys with Kalashnikov rifles slung over their shoulders who looked intimidated, even a little frightened, by their aggressors. They were shouting back and pointing in Finn’s direction, unaware or unconcerned that he was now conscious, propped up on one arm.
‘You gone burn this home with you goddam scheme,’ an elderly man with a straw hat was shouting.
‘We jes do what we toll,’ one boy replied, his voice not yet broken.
‘You do what you toll someplace else,’ another argued crossly, making an exaggerated show of his fist.
‘I say! I say!’ roared a large woman who emerged with a sluggish charge from a hut, an aluminium pot held high above her with the clear intention of landing it squarely on some poor unfortunate’s head.
The two boys clumsily grappled for their rifles and held them pointed at the crowd who shuffled back.
‘Easy! Easy!’ warned the straw hat. ‘We done want no trouble here.’
‘Then you keep off and keep your mouths shut,’ the pre-pubescent voice returned shakily.
The sound of a distant engine could soon be heard and an eerie silence descended on the village. All eyes turned to the entrance to the clearing from where the sound was emanating. As if by cue, the villagers scattered frantically indoors or past the cage into the surrounding forest, leaving the two bewildered child combatants standing alone, their guns raised half-heartedly in the direction of the noise.
Finn struggled hard to sit up straight. He rubbed his eyes against the morning rays. Perhaps the oncoming vehicle was a search party he thought hopefully. But some instinct in him told him no. It was too soon. And why would the sound of an engine cause so much alarm among the locals? There was something they knew, that he clearly did not. It was then that he noticed the sign, a wooden board nailed clumsily to an upright stick some fifty yards away across the clearing’s square. ‘Gayah Hill,’ it read, in poor painted handwriting. It was Bomi County, then. Finn knew the place vaguely. He had stopped there a few times for coconuts on his way to Tubmanburg. He must have met the village elders before. Perhaps they had recognised him. He might even have some friends here, he thought hopefully.
A shabby white pickup came slowly into sight over a ridge, and crawled down the narrow slope leading into the village. Its engine made a low murmuring and rattling sound. When it reached the clearing, it slowed by the palaver hut and halted for a moment, before circling around by the edge of the trees, its driver clearly taking a closer look at the spectacle. Finn could feel eyes in all directions, from the vehicle, the trees, and the bullet-made spy holes in the mud huts. What should he do? he wondered.  Should he try a friendly smile perhaps or look hard and mean, undaunted, unbreakable? The back of his head throbbed and he winced, his face projecting an automatic spasm of pain.
When the car had completed its circle and stopped before him, he looked at the face through the windscreen. It seemed familiar. But from where? A file, perhaps, in his office, or a photograph in one of Charles Taylor’s rags? Had he not seen him recently in the marketplace? Or was it across the bar at Papa Romeo? He thought of the names of the various warlords he could remember and their most senior combatants. And then it struck him all of a sudden – it was Mulbah something-or-other. Lieutenant Mulbah! That was what he called himself. Worked out of Bomi – of course! – that would explain Gayah Hill. He had it now. He had been one of Yormie Prince Johnson’s right-hand men when they split from Taylor. He had seen his photo clipped to a recent UN report on the possible reformation of one of the rebel factions in the area with a question mark beside his name. Not a man to be messed with by all accounts. But had not the Embassy, in that meeting with George, considered him to be too small a threat to be wasting their resources on? How very odd! And how very much misguided, unless of course this man was here to rescue him, a thought that quickly extinguished itself as the large imposing figure emerged from the vehicle and greeted the two relieved young soldiers who had now lowered their rifles.
Suddenly something very curious dawned on Finn. He was aware for the first time since arriving to Liberia of how much intelligence he had been privy to in the greater political arena. Even though his trips upcountry with George in between his games of Solitaire had meant nothing to him in real terms, the sheer quantity of intelligence he had accumulated, almost incidentally, had probably made him a good enough target for abduction. Perhaps it was not mistaken identity then. In truth, he was more than a little pleased with this discovery, notwithstanding his current predicament. For the first time in a long, long time, Finn suddenly began to feel important. Perhaps he was not the bat-swinging, child-beating drunk he had come to perceive himself as, after all.
The man spoke for some time to the boys. They were eager to inform him of the problems they were having with the Gayah Hill villagers, something Finn could make out more from their gesticulating body language than their heavy dialect. Mulbah listened and nodded solemnly.
 A sudden breeze sent the red dust of Gayah Hill into a swirl. It circled in a miniature vortex and then swept off in the direction of some tree stumps and tussock grass to the rear of the village. It was a pretty sight.
Mulbah approached the cage with a look of interest on his face, staring at Finn for some moments as if inspecting an animal he was about to purchase. He then bent down on his heels and picked up a handful of dust which he let slip between his fingers.
‘You know,’ he began. ‘This land of ours, this clay, this dust, is a precious thing. Our ancestors put their blood and sweat went into it. They laboured their whole lives to harvest enough to feed their families. But enough was never enough. They suffered,’ he said, a sad look upon his face. ‘We all must suffer.’
Finn could not yet see the exact relevance of this monologue, but decided it was best not to interrupt. He did not look like a man to be interrupted.
‘My own father grew up not far from here. Tubmanburg. You know it?’
Finn nodded.
‘Of course you do. But it is not the town it used to be,’ he said wistfully. ‘I myself was very young when my father was taken away. The great President Doe’s men dragged him from our house one night, and I never saw him again. I hear they beat him to death in a cell in Monrovia. Can you imagine? A man who had spent his life digging the earth, this earth,’ he said, picking up another handful of dust and letting it fall. ‘Our precious land.’ He looked at Finn with a wry smile. ‘To you it means nothing. You pass through only. You can never know.’
Finn was silent. Mulbah then stood up and brushed the dust from his hands. ‘This land is my land,’ he persisted. ‘Not yours. And that warlord Charles Taylor will never get his hands on it. I swear to this. On my father’s bones.’
He looked up at the blue sky, at the distant wispy clouds, and then back to Finn. ‘So,’ he continued. ‘My men are here to watch over you. They are under orders to treat you well.’
Finn surveyed the inside of his cage. There was a blanket and a bucket in the corner. There was a tin cup on its side with a hole in it.
‘I apologise for the accommodation,’ he said laughing. ‘It is the best we can do for the present. Perhaps soon we may find a more comfortable arrangement.’
‘What do you want with me?’ Finn asked, seeing him turn to go away.
‘All in good time, my friend,' he replied.
‘But I’m no one,’ Finn persisted. ‘I’m just a lowly volunteer. Most of the time I don’t even know what I’m supposed to be doing, and I certainly have no idea what I’m doing in this cage,’ he said, scanning it again with a look of disgust.
‘You underestimate yourself greatly. Soon there will be much talk and much concern. Important people will be most interested in your disappearance.’ With this, he reached for a pair of dark shades in his inside pocket and placed them carefully on his eyes. He looked again to the sky. ‘The rains will be here soon,’ he warned. ‘And when they fall, they fall hard.’
He called to one of his boys and issued him an order. Immediately the boy called to his fellow combatant who proceeded to the palaver hut to prepare some food. Then Mulbah made his way to his vehicle and opened the driver door. He looked again at Finn.
‘No,’ he said as in afterthought. ‘Your abduction is a very good thing for my war. Don’t be so hard on yourself. I have made you a key component in our struggle for liberty.’
‘And what happens to me?’ Finn asked.
Mulbah smiled sympathetically. ‘As long as you are of use to me, nothing,’ he said.
‘And if things don’t go your way?’ Finn needed to know.
‘Then I will kill you and throw you into the sea.’
The prisoner watched as Mulbah started up his rattling engine and headed back the way he had come. A spray of dust was all that could be seen from behind the ridge over which he disappeared. He knew what this man and his boys were capable of. He had seen the photos of their victims.
For a long time at Gayah Hill there was absolute silence. Finn listened. It was unusual. He had never noticed it before. There were no sounds of nature. No birds. He had heard the frogs and crickets at night from his bedroom on Center Street, and occasionally the scratching of a rat. But there were no bird sounds. Where had all the birds gone?
And then a sound from behind him in the trees suddenly filled him with an overwhelming sense of comfort. He listened hard as it rose into the air like soothing music to his ears. There was something about its rhythm that brought a sense of redemption to the scene, even normality. It was the sound of a single axe chopping wood.


3. Stan Petrowski


Dexter was sitting waiting in the living room watching some inane video Finn had lent him for the weekend while Spat was in her bedroom spending a disproportionate amount of time fussing over odds and ends, constantly bothering him coming in and out seeking his approval. He had made his choice as effortlessly as possible: cut a hole in the centre of an old white sheet, place it over his head and shoulders, attach a yellow pillow to his belly, smear ketchup lavishly over his hair and face, and if anyone bothered to ask, he was a fried egg. He detested fancy dress parties.
‘How funny is this?’ she kept asking him, with an expression on her face that looked on the brink of either erupting with laughter or bursting into a flood of tears. And on each occasion, following Dexter’s deliberate poker-like gaze in response to her questions, she returned to her bedroom and repeated the pointless exercise over and over again. But the more Spat persisted, the greater her strain became, and soon red blotches began to appear on her face and a rash formed on her neck. By her fifth or sixth emergence, she had painted Groucho Marx glasses and a moustache on her face with lipstick, her red dress was tucked into a pair of Stan’s denim shorts tied with a piece of cord, for footwear she had on her a pair of Wellington boots Dexter had not seen before, and for some inexplicable reason, as if the spectacle required one, she had a pair of multi-coloured socks on her hands. It was preposterous, and not at all funny, but as it was getting late it would have to do.
When they emerged on the balcony however, and walked down the steps to the yard and on to the front gate, Thomas and Mabasi cheered and clapped them, laughing loudly and whooping. Spat’s quiet relief at an audience’s approval of her anxious efforts outweighed her loss of dignity in front of staff and her rash instantly began to fade. Thomas gave Dexter a high-five.
It had been decided without question and for obvious reasons that Mabasi, Spat’s driver, would drive them the one kilometre around by Mamba Point to the Embassy. A problem that had crossed Spat’s mind more than once during her afternoon’s preparations, was the ECOMOG checkpoint in between. ECOMOG was largely made up of Nigerian and Ghanaian troops, the encountering of which proved either problematic or painless often depending on the degree or otherwise of the group or individual soldier’s maturity, attitude or sobriety. As their mandate was largely to supervise disarmament and to strengthen security in the run-up to the July presidential elections, roadblocks had been set up at numerous strategic locations around the city, one of which was within two hundred metres of the US Embassy, where vehicles were duly and habitually searched. Usually, however, the fancy white Land Cruisers and Land Rovers with the large blue UN lettering on the doors and bonnets or various NGO logos and initials were waved through without an inordinate amount of fuss. Sometimes the passing across of a few Liberian dollars or packets of cigarettes might be necessary to speed up proceedings, but no one minded too much; after all, despite their often bad press, they were keeping the combatants off the Monrovian streets, and most people were quietly grateful at the very least.
Their Land Cruiser turned right at the end of Gibson Street and a further right on to United Nations Drive passing the stone tables and benches of the beer garden outside Papa Romeo bar to their left. A handful of early customers sat with their skewers of meat or plates of charred fish beside their bottled beers and handsets, within reach at the ready for that single dreaded alert all expected one day, chatting about their days’ relative inertia. Down the hill, the Mamba Point Hotel stood strong, a bastion against the vast Atlantic Ocean where the glare of the relentless sun’s rays sparkled beautifully far out to sea and closer to the shoreline the waves beat so forcefully that only the most fanatical and experienced of swimmers dared to take them on.
As he turned the corner on to Embassy Drive, Mabasi changed gear noisily and slowed down. A young lethargic-looking soldier dressed in varying shades of green turned his head towards them, his rifle balanced vertically between his stretched legs as he slouched upon a low wooden barstool. In the hut behind him the figure of another soldier could be deciphered, his head tilted, drinking from a bottle of some sort. From the unkempt look of the soldier’s uniform, Spat immediately guessed they were Nigerians on duty. Ghanaians would be preferable.
‘Mabasi,’ she said, her voice steady and firm. ‘Stop the car and turn back!’
‘Miss Pat?’ Mabasi replied, not sure if he had quite heard her correctly.
‘Stop and turn back!’ she said, now more compellingly.
‘What are you talking about, Pat?’ Dexter said. ‘You can’t turn around at a road block. They’ll bloody shoot us!’
‘Shut up, Dexter! Turn around, Mabasi – now!’
‘Don’t fucking move, Mabasi!’ Dexter said, staring with a look of incredulity at his boss in the front passenger seat. Would she conceivably rather risk their lives than suffer a little embarrassment at the hands of a couple of cocky and intoxicated foot soldiers, looking for something to stave off their boredom? ‘It’s just a road-block. It’s always been here. You’ve been through it a thousand times.’
‘Not dressed like a stupid clown I haven’t, or you like … whatever the hell you’re supposed to be!’ she shouted, noticing his costume for the first time and feeling whatever remnants of composure slip from her gracelessly.
Mabasi sat numbly staring straight ahead, caught in a triangular dilemma. He watched as the soldiers made their way cautiously towards the vehicle, rifles in hand, eager to know why the car had stopped some distance before the barricade and what all the commotion from inside the car was about.
When ordered out and made to stand on the street for inspection, they tried their best to ignore the circle of local children gathering in numbers from every angle, skipping with joy and teasing with unparalleled insensitivity. It was, without exception, the best and most memorable day of the children’s war to date. The less pleasant and obviously more senior of the two ECOMOG soldiers refused to listen to Spat’s heated objections. And realising their discomfort at this, he opportunistically held out for the greatest possible bribe, causing traffic approaching the roadblock to come to a halt, with curious faces behind the wheels. In the end, they were forced to pay an outrageous sum to pass through. The children ran behind them the rest of the short way, jumping on and off the Land Cruiser, some hanging off to the back with the dexterity of monkeys.
Although the incident was never mentioned between them again, Dexter had often thought about it later and considered Spat’s behaviour most irrational, panicking one minute for not looking foolish enough to make people laugh, to getting herself almost shot at the next for exactly the same reason. How unsettling in a country infamous during its civil war for its decapitations, cannibalism and various stories of voodoo practices, that his boss’s wits should have been thrown into disarray at such a seeming trifle.
And after all that, after having to put up with Spat’s neurotic fear of being discovered as devoid of possessing an ounce of humour, having pasted his hair with tomato ketchup that had now congealed and stuck to his clothes and face and made him stink, having been the butt of Mamba Point jokes around charcoal embers till midnight and the idle gossip of the international community at every meeting for the next week, the Embassy barbeque was no better. Apart from Stan, posing as a bad Bob Marley, and an elderly Red Cross German lady called Helena, whom nobody really knew anyway and who spoke almost no English, no one else seemed either to notice or apparently care that the invites had the words ‘fancy dress’ written on them.
And soon an argument started. It was a strange incident, Dexter recalled. It had all begun innocently enough with a mundane discussion between Stan and Dexter on the topic of exactly the role the Embassy played in Liberian affairs. Stan had started in on a history lesson, which caused Dexter to stifle a yawn more than once, when Helena intervened to ask in broken English if there were any more bowls of punch arriving. She was most likely slurring her words although Dexter could not tell. He used the interruption however to probe Stan more closely on the questionable acumen of sending a PR and Events man (Stan’s official job title) to a place like Monrovia. Stan had not liked the undertones of the question and had had to remind Dexter in no uncertain terms of the importance of public image and private morale in a time of war, and that his role was one of keeping the international community on side whilst simultaneously presenting a positive image of Liberia to the outside world so as to continue to encourage wealthy interested parties to invest in its future.
‘What a load of shite!’ Dexter heard himself say far too loudly, spilling some of his beer with his accompanying gesture, an act of unfortunate mistiming.
‘You’ve had too much to drink,’ Stan said firmly and carefully. ‘Take some water and sit down, or go home! You choose!’
Dexter looked around the Embassy lawn. People were chatting and drinking in groups of threes and fours. But there were faces in the crowd too. Inquisitive ones and they were very much focused on him. Perhaps he had overstepped the mark. It was not as if he even cared that much about Stan’s job; he just found it hard to warm to the man with the bigger car and the nicer pad.
He sat down and a glass of water was brought to him by an impressed-looking effeminate waiter, who appeared to wink at Dexter before walking away with the empty glasses. 
Stan sat too, smiling and nodding at various guests for a while. After some time, he turned his attention to Dexter again with a face that was harder now, a face that had seen things, a mean, dominant face, with eyes that pinned him to his seat, anxious to have his point understood absolutely and utterly. Clear like crystal.
‘Now you listen to me,’ he said in a low, forceful tone, when he was sure they could not be overheard. ‘Don’t you go shouting your mouth off with your half-assed fantasy James Bond stories about me, do you understand? I’ve heard all about your theories, Dexter McCabe. I am what I said I am and that’s final. This goddamn place is far too real and dangerous to have people formulating cockamamie theories and spreading false rumours. You haven’t been here that long but you’re here long enough; you know how much these people gossip.’
He was right on that point. But it was a quality Dexter found quite quirky and endearing about the Liberians. It wasn’t the awful word Stan was making of it.
‘I’ll end up with a bullet in my head because of someone like you with a mouth like yours.’
Maybe it was the drink, maybe it was because Dexter did not yet fully believe that Stan was quite the hard man he was presenting himself to be, or maybe it was just an instinctual reply, that caused Dexter to see an altogether different side to Stan that late afternoon, which he had since been sure, not fully sure why, but sure nonetheless, to keep very much to himself.
‘Maybe you deserve it,’ he remarked to the imposing figure of Stan.
Stan’s face grew pale.
‘What did you just say?’ he asked, his eye fluttering, his head whipping slightly in spasm.
What followed was most curious indeed. Stan clearly signaled to two Marines posing as waiting staff (Dexter knew their generic faces from Papa Romeo bar) who removed their aprons and approached the table, casually pulling up seats so that he was virtually surrounded and had Stan’s full and sole attention.
‘Maybe I deserve it?’ he repeated, leaning forward with his legs apart.
‘I just meant …,’ Dexter began.
‘Shut it!’ he snapped, clenching his fist. He appeared to Dexter all of a sudden like a man under great strain. ‘Have you any idea what you’re saying? Have you not been following this war at all? Deserve it, you say? Charles Taylor’s the one who deserves it. Seven years of bloody civil war and for what? To have a ruthless dictator take charge? Open your goddamn eyes, man!’
Dexter looked to the man on his right who had very large muscles on his forearms. He was bulky, had a broad chest and thick thighs. Dexter had always called them Marines because that is what everyone had referred to them as. But now that he considered it, under his current predicament, he realised that he knew nothing about Marines or about most things military. And how this was answering his question as to the Embassy’s role in Liberia, if that indeed was still the subject of their ambiguous conversation, was something he would like to know.
‘So what can anyone do?’ he heard himself ask. He was careful not to make his voice sound shaky. Something told him that these men did not respect timidity. 
‘Clearly we’re gonna to do what’s best for Western interests in the region,’ Stan replied. ‘After that, we worry about the Liberians and dealing with their problems. If we’re successful, and you can bet your bottom dollar on that one, your organisation and all the other do-gooding NGOs like you, will receive a whole load of donor money for your various rehabilitation projects, and everyone is happy. This is events’ organising and public relations, by the way, or whatever you want to call it, and that’s what we do.’
Dexter was really none the wiser as to what Stan was talking about but something in his tone and body language suggested that he meant business whatever it was. Stan leant further in towards Dexter. The Marines scanned the lawn and the courtyard closely.
‘Now as for you, my young, naive little friend, you can keep your big Irish mouth shut. Wars like these are renowned for the damage done by stray bullets – friendly fire, we call it. If anyone gets in the way of things, they’ve got to be taken out of the way. Sometimes permanently. Do you understand me?’
‘Mm.’ 
But he did not. Not really, and Dexter felt once again very small. What could he say to Stan now other than apologise meekly and offer to shake his hand? He didn’t like the obscure reference to stray bullets. But whose bullets and why? What had Dexter done only inquired of Stan’s role, after scoffing at his silly job title? It hardly deserved a death threat, if that’s in fact what it was. It sure sounded like it.
When their intense little gathering was disbanded, Dexter sat alone for a while under the lemon tree by the pretty water feature thinking about his life and wondering how he had managed to end up in a foreign embassy dressed as a fried egg, talking intrigue to probable assassins in the most volatile country in Africa. After some time the German Red Cross lady Helena returned, by now quite drunk and giddy. 
‘So what are you dressed as?’ he asked grumpily after some unintelligible effort at communication. She did not understand. ‘What are you dressed as?’ he said again, pointing to her red and blue get-up.
‘Oh,’ she said laughing in a high pitch. ‘Vonder Voman. I am Vonder Voman.’
‘Of course you are,’ he said, cocking his eyes to heaven.


When first informed of his appointment to Monrovia, Stan Petrowski was required to attend briefings ad nauseam at Langley in a special inner chamber around a table where men with large chests full of shiny medals tied with colourful ribbons sat opposite recognisable politicians, discussing the fate of West Africa. Liberia, it seemed, was becoming the crucial strategic point of the blood diamond trade. It was gaining so much newspaper space and media time in general that questions were being asked at high levels what the foreign embassies on the ground were doing. In what way could they try to strengthen the often-rocky relations with the international community, and how could this contribute to the destabilisation of the electoral process? And furthermore, how could this ever be achieved without the presence of an ambassador or any diplomat of note on the ground, all of whom were absent from the country until it was deemed safe enough for them to return?
For years it was known that the diamonds were fuelling Charles Taylor’s war and that, once in power, Foday Sankoh in Sierra Leone would soon follow, thanks to support from the former if elected who due to his propaganda machine and terror tactics was keeping the country hostage. The whole situation was a pessimistic one, and the remedy complex. Stan Petrowski’s name came up, an obvious enough choice owing to his previous experiences in South Africa and Algeria, and so he was called upon by the men in suits once again to fulfil his patriotic duty. His new role would be to ensure that American interests were satisfied in the region with prejudice if the situation called for it. This addendum regarding prejudice was added at his own request; it meant, for one, that he could carry a side arm at all times, but more importantly than that, that he could use it at his own discretion with impunity and his country’s blind eye, should he be feel the need to actually use it.
Now, as the presidential elections neared (July 19, the red-letter day) and Stan and American interests were brought no closer to home, the phrase ‘extreme prejudice’ was taunting him daily in mantra style. This job was important to the advancement of his career. Fail, and he could go back to Rhode Island teaching naval cadets how to salute for a living, not a prospect that appealed to say the least.
Apart from these briefings, he had had to read numerous reports, articles, mandates and newspaper cuttings and being so confused by all the acronyms and various warlord activities and changes in fortune in the war, he attempted to simplify the matter by writing up his own personal book of notes which he now had open in front of him.
He had been sitting in his cozy office all morning sifting through various Embassy papers. He was on his fifth or sixth cup of coffee – he could not remember. He was looking for something in all this writing, a name he vaguely remembered jotting down and thinking about for a minute or two at the time of its insertion. He was looking for an angle of some kind, one that might incarnate an idea brewing in his head since his showdown with Dexter that night on the Embassy lawn when his cover was virtually blown. Things were not safe for him here anymore. That guy Dexter had a mouth on him, just like those damn locals, or so Pat had informed him anyway. What if he, or anyone, were to tell the wrong person something at the wrong time? What then?
He turned the cover of his personal journal and read from the top of page one: 

The Republic of Liberia was founded as a colony in 1822 by freed slaves from the United States. The area was already inhabited by various indigenous ethnic groups who had occupied the region for centuries. In a late-night raid on April 12, 1980, a successful military coup was staged by a group of non-commissioned army officers led by Master Sergeant Samuel Kanyon Doe. The soldiers were a mixture of the various ethnic groups that claimed marginalization at the hands of the minority Americo-Liberian settlers.

He scanned through some further pages on demographic breakdowns in the 1980s and statutory law execution until he found the name that he was looking for:

In late 1989, a civil war began. The harsh dictatorial atmosphere that gripped the country was due in large part to Samuel Doe's rule. An Americo-Liberian named Charles Taylor with the backing of neighbouring countries such as Burkina Faso and Cote d'Ivoire entered Nimba County to the north of the country with around 100 men. These fighters gained high levels of support with the local population who were disillusioned with their present government. A large section of the country came under the invaders' control as a result. By this time a new player had also emerged. Yormie Prince Johnson (former ally of Taylor) had formed his own army and had gained tremendous support from the Gio and Mano ethnic groups ... 

‘Prince Johnson,’ he said out loud to himself. He remembered being shown the videotape at one of his briefings at Langley, of Prince calmly downing a beer while his loyal soldiers cut off the pleading President Doe’s ear. Some message that had sent out, he thought. Prince was last known to be in exile in Nigeria. He had managed to get out somehow during Operation Octopus on a cargo ship and claimed asylum. He hadn’t been heard of much since. He was probably eating grapes by a swimming pool somewhere in Abuja. Probably bored out of his wits. 
‘Well he can stay put. It’s just the name I need,’ he said, talking to the wall.
The rudiments of a plan were taking shape in Stan’s mind, its various strands formulating coarsely in its infancy but falling nonetheless into place before him. Bomi County would be the key to it all. The newly-refurbished Beajah bridge would be the main crossing point from Tubmanburg. For this he would need Dexter who knew the place better than anyone: every town, village, road, and culvert. He knew the people too, the village chiefs by their first names, the ex-combatants who had returned to build the homes that they themselves had destroyed. He was an invaluable source, albeit slow to communicate whatever information he possessed. Every time they talked, Stan detected a thinly-disguised anti-American attitude from him, most notably in relation to its foreign policies. He would have to be careful with Dexter, he knew.
He recalled too his debriefing with Brad Roberts the day after he had accompanied Dexter to the village of Gbah. He had Brad’s footage in his safe with all the main checkpoints recorded en route. There was a fifty-mile stretch of mainly straight road, largely potholed, from the chosen spot to the capital. It was a good location, far enough away and close enough to the city to be secure. But he noted too how well the Ghanaian ECOMOG troops on the road were manning their posts. He would much rather they were Nigerians, who were generally easier to bribe and were usually tipsy enough to argue one’s way around. Those Ghanaians were too well drilled.
Then there was the problem of In-Town Monrovia. How to get down United Nations Drive to the football stadium during Charles Taylor’s rally, a few days before the elections? A tall order indeed. Noise needed to be made – reverse psychology. Have the boys in the back of the pickups sing victoriously, punch the air and wave at passers-by: the more conspicuous, the less likely they were to be suspected. The stadium entrance was the optimum location, open and spacious. There would be plenty to witness Taylor’s end; plenty to run into the streets in panic for maximum impact and chaos. And in the confusion, the Marines would take control of the city, ECOMOG would be caught off-guard and made to look incompetent, and then Stan would be the one calling the shots himself.
He smirked as he looked at the handsome face of the notorious warlord in his journal, whose eyes now stared fixedly back at his as if they could read each other’s thoughts.
‘Goodbye, Mister Taylor,’ he said out loud to himself. ‘You’re finished!’


The man in the dark shades, mustard trousers, white sweat-stained shirt, and blue braces showed his ID to an Embassy guard at the main gates which, along with the walls that surrounded this fortress, were protected by a coiled fence of barbed wire and well watched. The guard called someone inside on his handset who answered some three to four minutes later. Once searched and cleared, he was led through the double doors and narrow hallway of the main building and then across the lawn of the courtyard with the pretty water feature and the lemon tree, to a single-storey study with a small vegetable patch at its front. To the rear and down the hill towards the Atlantic was the volleyball court and the helipad. It was a pleasant and refreshing experience for Mulbah to visit such a place. A man got tired of living in the bush for seven years on a diet of little more than yams and armadillo roadkill.
Stan was sitting behind a large desk, the windows at the back of the office looking out on to the choppy ocean. He was well dressed – an immaculate, perfectly-cut suit which he usually wore for only important Embassy functions and those tedious but necessary Entertainment Nights. He was weary of all this entertainments nonsense; it was a silly and spurious cover. Langley should have come up with a more believable job title; at least it would have relieved him from all this tedious merrymaking.
‘Mister Stan,’ Mulbah said, once his chaperone had left, shaking his hand as strongly as he felt was appropriate.
‘My dear friend, Mulbah. How-de-body-man? Take a seat,’ he said.
Stan offered him a real Havana, something Mulbah had never seen before. He accepted gratefully but had much difficulty lighting it. 
Stan examined him closely. This was his man, he hoped – the ultimate dog of war, coming into Nimba with Taylor in ’89 and rising up the ranks rapidly. Did most of his killing up in Bong which he controlled brutally for a period. But when Charles Taylor and Yormie Prince Johnson parted company some time later (the reason unknown fully to Stan although reports suggested some sort of failed coup attempt on Prince’s part), Mulbah had sided with the latter. A poor choice indeed! He disappeared for a period but resurfaced in Tubmanburg, his home town, and had spent much of the rest of his war abducting and training numerous street kids, turning them into boy soldiers, to terrorise the villages of Bomi and Grand Cape Mount. It was hugely suspected that this man’s loyalty stretched only as far as the depth of his pocket and, once they had located him, their suspicions were gladly confirmed. He was for turning and Stan was to be his runner. 
But Stan now wondered, as he watched him clumsily struggling to light his cigar, whether Mulbah had spent too long in the bush. He was nothing but a spineless mercenary at best, a common criminal at worst. But he was a useful and expendable one nonetheless.
As he watched him now through a plume of his own smoke, he knew that whether he was up to it or not, Lieutenant Mulbah had hit the jackpot.
‘Bingo!’ he said, when Mulbah finally lit his cigar and coughed on his first eager inhale.
‘Bingo,’ Mulbah repeated, unsure exactly why.


Mulbah had indeed been there the day Yormie Prince Johnson, or Prince as he was more simply known to his men, ordered Samuel Doe’s ear to be cut off and recorded for propaganda purposes. He was clearly visible in the background, behind the soldier who had committed the gruesome deed. He was a lot younger then. He had jeered along with all the others as they made the Liberian president kneel for all his crimes and humiliated him by making him deny well-known charges and plead for his life on camera. Later they cut out his heart, an amulet against harm, and ate it like a pack of wild dogs. The remainder of Doe’s body was then cut to pieces and thrown off the back of a truck, scattered around the streets of Monrovia, limb by limb. The gesture had voodoo written all over it. But Stan was impressed nonetheless at its unashamed barbarism; its declaration of war for the world to see through action rather than word. Anarchy was a subject Stan now found most intriguing for American interests in the region. Prince was one tough cookie with the kind of reputation and underground following Stan now needed. And this man in front of him, Mulbah, one of Prince’s former lieutenants, would be the one on the ground, and the best possible choice to see Stan’s plan through.
‘Good cigar?’
‘Good, yes.’
They sat and smoked for a while watching the sunlight fade over the Atlantic. They broke the silence with occasional small-talk, both very much on their guard.
‘How did you find me this time?’ Mulbah asked, when the smoke between them cleared a little.
‘Oh, come on, Lieutenant! What do you think I am? A boy scout? We’ve heard all about your movements. I see you left your old stomping ground in Bong in a hurry this time. Only a three-day visit? What’s the matter? Are you losing friends up there or what?’
Mulbah was silent.
Stan opened his desk drawer and removed two envelopes. He slid the smaller of the two to Mulbah. Photographs. Black and white. He glanced at them closely. There was one among the pile, made up mainly of various shots from different perspectives of the entrance to the football stadium, of Dexter sitting beside Finn, conversing with a prostitute at Papa Romeo bar. There was one of Mulbah too, there that night watching them closely, no more than a hundred yards away, with two of his boys in the shade of the palm trees, further down by Mamba Point.
 ‘Okay. So you’ve been watching me,’ Mulbah said gruffly, staring hard at the images, his sensibilities offended. ‘What did you think, that I’d lose my nerve or something?’
‘You should be more discreet,’ Stan replied. ‘If you think we’re the only ones who can spot you in the shadows, think again. Taylor’s got his spies everywhere; all over the city and you’re in his sights.’
‘You knew where I was that night. He didn’t. What do you want?’
Stan tapped ash off his Havana into the ashtray on his leather-clad writing desk. ‘I have another proposition for you. One I think you might go for. I mean that’s if otherwise you simply plan on spending the rest of your war hanging around, preying on vulnerable, young boys.’
Stan slid the second envelope across the desk.
‘I’m listening,’ Mulbah said warily.
‘Good,’ said Stan. ‘But first I need some information about our man in the bush. We’re getting some serious grief here from home. The media want answers and my superiors are none too pleased. He’s one of ours, you see. You got the wrong man that night. Personally, I couldn’t give a crap about him, but you know …’
‘He’s fine,’ Mulbah asserted. ‘I’ve been up there. He’s alive.’
Stan tapped another large, lingering ash. He looked Mulbah squarely in the eye, and leant slightly back in his chair. ‘You know our little plan caused quite a stir around these parts. I’m doing my best to keep a cap on it from my end, but I hope you understand what we’re up against,’ he said with forced scepticism. ‘Things didn’t quite work out as expected. If you’d nabbed the right man that night, I’d have had a bit of inside influence with his boss. I know her personally. Instead I’m stuck having to deal with our UN man’s boss, George, who’s decided to keep his trap shut.’
‘It was dark.’
‘You messed it up!’ he said, raising his voice aggressively.
‘We did what you asked,’ Mulbah snapped back. ‘All white men look the same. What’s the difference?’
‘The difference, Mister Mulbah,’ he said slowly and deliberately. ‘Is that the spotlight is now firmly on us. And nobody can know of, or even suspect, the Embassy’s involvement in this. Do you understand? Nobody!’
Silence fell between them. Stan took the time to settle himself. Mulbah looked around the room. There was a photograph on the wall of Stan skiing beside a large map of Liberia, and a smaller but more detailed one of Monrovia. It was a good office. He would like an office like this himself one day.
‘And besides,’ Stan continued, now calmer. ‘The man you were meant to pick up knows Bomi County like no one else. Better even than you in many respects, I presume. He’d have been useful to us. The guy you got knows Jack Shit about anything.’ 
‘What do you want?’ Mulbah asked, tiring of Stan’s persistence on the matter. 
‘We want exactly what I presume you want. If Taylor gets elected on July 19 … well, let’s just say it wouldn’t be beneficial to our mutual interests in the region.’
‘So you’ve said.’
Mulbah had pondered since their last meeting on what his own interest in the region was, apart from making lots of money by any means possible. That, and perhaps some of what he had spouted to his hostage at Gayah Hill, though he had long since given up much hope in that regard.
‘Don’t underestimate us, Mulbah. We’re not playing games here. We want Taylor gone from Liberia and someone in his stead we can work with. That someone I have decided is your old friend, Prince Johnson. We wish to bring him back from exile, to finish the business he left undone. And in return for our assistance, he’ll be sweet on us, and on you, I suspect. You know the score.’
Mulbah looked at Stan quizzically, hesitated and then laughed. ‘So this is your plan? This is why you called me here. This is what we get for risking our lives kidnapping the white man? To help you in some suicidal plot? You know it will never work. You said it yourself: Taylor has spies everywhere. And even if Prince is lunatic enough to accept your offer, you’ll never get him out of Nigeria. And even if you do, once he’s reported missing, every entry and exit to Monrovia will be doubly manned by ECOMOG troops. Believe me, Mister Stan, it will not work.’
‘That’s our business,’ Stan replied firmly. ‘That end of the deal has nothing to do with you.’
Stan slid the bigger envelope a little further across the desk. Mulbah placed his palm on it, held it there for a moment, and then opened it, fanning a large wad of US dollars inside.
‘Expenses,’ Stan said. ‘To gather and regroup your men.’
‘I already have my men.’
‘And one or two things besides,’ Stan said, standing up and walking through the smoky fog to the large window at the back of his study, his hands clasped behind his back. The ocean stood vast before him, the sun close to the horizon.
‘You know, I grew up on the other side of that sea. The view from over there is not that dissimilar, only a lot calmer. And everything you want you can get over there, if you have the money,’ he said, turning towards his man. ‘And the power, of course.’
Mulbah shifted in his seat.
‘I want you and your men to assassinate Charles Taylor outside of the football stadium after his rally on July 12,’ Stan said quickly and in matter-of-fact style.
Mulbah stared at him. He could not believe what he was hearing. Assassinate Taylor? It was true that he had often amused himself fantasising the notion, but had never seriously considered it. Not with any degree of gravity. And besides, his boys would be too afraid to take on Taylor’s heavily-armed entourage. They would not have the experience or the guts for such a madcap scheme.
‘Mister Stan,’ Mulbah said half-laughing. ‘You cannot be serious.’
‘Oh, I’m deadly serious,’ Stan said now, the smoothness wearing quickly from his tone. ‘And you’ll do it alright, if you know what’s good for you,’ he added, staring hard at the man in the sweat-stained shirt before him.
Mulbah had seen this man’s temper explode in the past and was keen to stay reasonable under his disadvantageous circumstances. ‘You’ve paid for my services in the past and I’ve come through every time. I even kidnapped one of your own for you. But you never hinted at anything like this. This is too much,’ he said, tossing the envelope back to the other side of the desk.
Stan’s eyes flared for a moment, but the instinct passed. His voice was controlled. ‘The kidnapping has not worked to our advantage as planned. We thought suspicion would immediately fall on Taylor. But he, it seems, has lost little respect from his people as we expected he would. That recent UN report is throwing everyone off his scent. They’re suspecting a new faction in Bomi County which, if I’m not mistaken, is now your territory,’ he said, turning to look towards the sea once more. ‘Soon you’ll have a war on your hands. ECOMOG are already looking in your direction. And if you don’t do as I say,’ he added threateningly. ‘We here at the Embassy may very well choose to do nothing to prevent it. I’m the only friend you’ve got right now, Mulbah, and don’t forget it!’
‘So it’s blackmail, Mister Stan! I’d thought better of you than that.’
Stan turned and leant over his desk, sliding the envelope across the table once more. ‘My dear Mulbah. I’m simply asking you to do a job. And whether you know it or not, you work for me. That’s been the deal. That’s still the deal. I decide when you get out, not you!’
Mulbah looked again at the envelope. It was a healthy sum. 
‘And what’s in it for me? Apart from the money. Presuming we succeed, that is. What then?’
‘Then Liberia returns to war, Yormie Prince Johnson enters to save the day, and you get the spoils of Bomi and Grand Cape Mount. We might even get you a ministerial post, if that’s your thing.’
Mulbah thought about this for a moment. The idea was not unappealing. ‘And what if my men say no?’ he asked, now lifting and resealing the envelope.
‘Then no it is,’ Stan smiled wryly. ‘And maybe you, my dear friend, might be lucky – Taylor might spare your life. Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf, the darling of the West, might still pull off a late miracle. George Weah was in the stadium last month on some Unicef gig. You should have heard the cheers. He might run himself some day as a candidate. If there’s any street cleaning to be done in Monrovia, they’ll start with dirt like you. So I’d say it’s very much in your interest to make your men most agreeable.’
‘Okay, okay,’ Mulbah said. Stan’s point was clear. ‘So what about the hostage? What now?’
‘Ah, yes, our UN volunteer. Leave that with me for the moment. He may come in useful yet. Just make sure he comes to no harm. You understand?’
Mulbah nodded.
‘And whatever you do, keep a low profile up there in Bomi; the last thing we need is any form of attention.’
Mulbah stood up and placed the envelope in his trouser pocket.
‘And the football stadium? July …?’
‘12! My acquaintance, Sergeant Roberts, will fill you in on the details. He’ll see you on your way out. In the meantime, stay away from the Embassy. I’ll pass further word on to you when necessary. You know how rumours start in these parts.’
Mulbah looked at the black and white photo again and saw the face of Dexter beside Finn Marshall, the one now encaged at Gayah Hill. How the hell did they get the wrong man?
They shook hands at the door and walked into the courtyard, where Brad was waiting across the lawn under the lemon tree. The sky above was a beautiful blood-red colour as the sun sank finally in the distance of the horizon, and the wild Atlantic Ocean, in all its seemingly infinite magnitude, stretched in three directions, as far as the eye could see.


One hour later when Sergeant Brad Roberts, who liked to shine his little pistol most nights in the privacy of his room, was called by Stan into his office, he was excited with anticipation. Stan was a real man; he had seen it all, been at the heart of political maneuverings in Africa for years. He had met most of the main political players: Charles Taylor, Alhaji Kromah, George Boley, Ruth Perry. If there was one thing that Brad liked more than anything in the world, it was when Stan, on the very odd occasion, patted him on the back and told him what a super job he was doing. He was thankful that God did not give man a tail, or its uncontrollable wagging in Stan’s company would have given his latent feelings away.
Liberia was a posting that Brad had grown into with time. Apart from a short stint protecting the Embassy in Moscow, which he had found ultimately too cold and dreary, and before that a dull desk job in a cubicle in Washington, he had little experience. He had never seen action, missing Taylor’s Operation Octopus by a mere two months. How he would have loved to have held an RPG on the walls of Mamba Point, picking off vehicles that drove too close to the Embassy walls. Most of the time, he tried to keep himself busy by ordering his restless Marines to drill the corridors, shine their boots, and perfect their volleyball skills on the court beside the helipad. At night he picked up prostitutes at Papa Romeo bar who never made fun or even commented on the size of his diminutive penis, and something they would never do if they knew what was good for them.
As he entered Stan’s office, his superior was engrossed in signing documents and hardly noticed his entrance. He coughed to indicate his presence, but Stan did not look up until the last signature was complete. 
‘Ah, Brad, there you are. Pull up a chair.’
Outside a Black Hawk was hovering over the sea. The rip tide was strong, and the spray from the helicopter caused a mist that rose like a dust cloud over the waves.
‘How’ve you been?’ Brad began.
‘Fine. Now listen. I got a job for you. A big one. Top drawer stuff,’ said Stan. ‘I need some info on a new man coming to town. Someone who might rock the boat a bit for us. A guy called Maurice McDonald. He’ll be staying down there on Gibson Street with that woman I see. You know Pat?’
‘Yes,’ he replied curtly. He had never liked her. 
‘Yeah, and that other guy, Dexter, the one who took you to Bomi County with him. I hear this Maurice has been around a bit. Meant to be watching their backs for the next few weeks. We need him on our side. Or failing that, to stay out of our way.’
Brad was listening intently, flattered that Stan should trust him with yet another covert assignment. His meeting with Mulbah had gone well. He was surprised that Stan had failed to mention it yet. Perhaps he had a lot on his mind.
‘I’m organising one of our Embassy entertainment nights on Wednesday …’
‘Oh good!’
‘Good! Are you fuckin’ high or something? They’re tedious.’
Brad was thrown. ‘Tedious as hell, but good that, well, you know. Good that …’
‘You stop him at the gate when he shows. Tell him he hasn’t been cleared. Get familiar with him. Make it seem like a big deal to get him inside. Like it’s a big favour or something. And get him to remember your name.’
Brad nodded, trying hard to keep up.
‘Then call around to his house the next day and give him an Embassy pass. See if you can wrangle another trip upcountry. Give him some credible reason. I need you to check up on a few things there for me. And I need some more intelligence about the state of the roads leading to and from Beajah. I can’t get much info anymore from Pat. I’m beginning to think she suspects I’m … well, not the Events’ Organiser. I’m still working on her, but she’s coming up dry.’
‘Sure thing!’
Stan shuffled some papers on his desk. Brad watched him closely. Outside the Black Hawk had landed and three new Marines disembarked, as if under fire with the cameras rolling.
Stan looked up. ‘That is all, thank you.’
‘Don’t you want to know how my meeting with Lieutenant Mulbah went?’ he asked, disguising the hurt in his tone.
‘You told him what I told you to tell him?’
‘Yes.’
‘Well then – no!’
Brad stood for a moment staring at the top of Stan’s head who was busy scribbling. He looked up from his papers again.
‘What is it Brad?’ he asked impatiently.
‘Oh, eh … nothing,’ he stuttered. 
‘Then good day, Sergeant!’
Brad turned and walked despondently out of the office towards the helipad, kicking a stone that had dislodged itself from Stan’s vegetable garden. Why was he being so abrupt with him? And what was so ‘top drawer’ about this new assignment? Why so much interest in this McDonald? Making his acquaintance with strangers was not one of Brad’s strongest attributes.
When he reached the helipad, he told the new recruits, who appeared most eager to shoot someone, to stand at ease. The Black Hawk rose and banked, making its way back to Robertsport. A spray of sea mist blew in Brad’s direction.
He would find out the info, alright. He would do the job better than Stan could imagine. And then Stan would put his arm around his shoulders and thank him properly. And maybe then – just maybe – when he had gained his full trust, Stan would decide to let him in on what all this information gathering in Bomi was about, and what it had to do with this curious Mulbah and all that football stadium business.


4. Dexter McCabe


It was on the night of Spat’s fortieth birthday party, an occasion for which she had fussed over so much that her domestic staff were beginning to pull unsavoury faces behind her back, that Dexter first spoke to Freda. He watched her from his upstairs living room window, pulling down a slat of the venetian blind to do so, emerge from an alley leading on to Gibson Street and pause to arrange her wares: peanuts, biscuits, local beer and ice, in the hope of some business from the parting guests before the ten o’clock military curfew. He watched as she produced candle-butts from her satchel and placed them carefully among the circle of charcoals and wastepaper that lay on the ground at her feet. His hand widened the slat of blind. She knelt on the road, kindling the fire gently and fanning the flames with a stray piece of cardboard. Her silhouette in the moonlight, her industry, her persistence, and her oblivion to her voyeur above, moved him greatly, and something deep within him stirred.
‘Hey, Dexter!’ a man’s voice shouted from behind, slapping him squarely on the shoulder. ‘Come on and play a tune on that old banger of a guitar of yours before I kick your ass from here to Dublin.’
It was Stan Petrowski from the Embassy, Spat’s sometime partner.
He looked around, unhappy with the interruption. In the living room were mainly white faces, or pink now from drinking too quickly, absorbing as much alcohol as they could manage before curfew, deep in conversation. A black lady was dancing alone in the centre of the room in a strange kind of uninhibited frenzy, curiously uncoordinated and largely ignored by all. Dexter did not feel in the mood to play guitar in the least. 
‘Ah no, Stan,’ he replied politely, suppressing his irritation.
‘Come on man! Cut the bull and get the damn thing out! Spat wants some Irish on her birthday and you’re gonna give it to her.’
For a hesitant moment Dexter stared at Stan, unsure whether his request was in fact an order, the disobedience of which might in fact end in an actual ass-kicking. He had grown wary of Stan since their argument on the Embassy lawn. It was an evening he preferred to forget.
‘I can’t, Stan,’ he said, lying poorly. ‘I broke two strings yesterday, and …’
‘Cut the bull, man! Cut the crap!’ Stan retorted, turning away in a temper and much to Dexter’s relief. No ass-kicking then.
When he returned to the window he saw Freda now sitting beside the small fire she had kindled, warming her hands. Her eyes appeared to be closed as if in prayer. Then all of a sudden, as if the watcher had called to her across the street, she looked up at the window with an air of candid curiosity. His heartbeat quickened as he let go the slat. She had seen him. He felt suddenly foolish as if he had been caught standing naked in public. 
From the hall door, Stan reappeared walking purposefully towards Dexter with an old guitar in his hand. Had he gone into his room to get it? Surely not!
‘No strings missing on this guitar unless you play with eight, you lousy liar. Now play the damn thing,’ he said, and then raised his voice to tell everyone to shut up, while rudely shoving the now dizzy and disoriented black lady on to the sofa. ‘Dexter’s playing some Irish for my favourite lady, Pat. Come on out here, Pat! Pat! Where are you?’
There was silence in the room. Stan could have this effect at will.
‘Where the hell is she?’ he said, looking at Dexter as if her absence had something to do with him. 
Dexter shrugged.
When Stan stormed out of the room looking for the missing birthday girl, all eyes turned to Dexter. He felt an uncomfortable accusation in their stares, some even verging on hostility, as if he were the cause of the sudden deflation of ambience.
‘Well go on then,’ mumbled George, the UN man, sitting grumpily in the corner of the room, after a hesitant pause. 
Dexter lifted his guitar slowly, swallowed, and with the only three chords he knew in the world, began to sing Show Me The Way To Go Home hoarsely and, for the most part, out of tune.


By the time the last guest had left, dejected and well before curfew, Dexter could hear Spat sobbing in her bedroom. He could just about make out Stan’s voice within too, clearly consoling her by his tone. Dexter was surprised; it was unlike her to cry, but something was always up with that woman and he felt not the slightest qualm of guilt at his own lack of concern.
He stood in the hallway for some time in thought. His bedroom door was ajar and inviting – it had been a long day. But the image of Freda, alone outside in the moonlight, was too much for him to bear and he knew he would not sleep. He passed into the kitchen and made his way down the side steps to the yard below. Thomas, one of the two gate guards, was sitting in his hut, and when he saw Dexter, he came quickly as if called to attention.
‘Where’s Mister Albert?’ Dexter inquired, looking around for the second guard.
‘He’s been sent home,’ Thomas replied. ‘Spat told him to leave.’
‘Why?’ he asked, a furrow forming on his brow.
‘Rats,’ Thomas said, pointing to a bucket by the gate.
Dexter strained his eyes to see what it was he was indicating and then looked back at Thomas. He thought he could smell the aroma of palm wine, the local tipple, off his breath. Had he been drinking again? It was hard to see his eyes in the dark. What on earth did he mean by ‘rats’? And what could that possibly have to do with Mister Albert’s absence? 
‘Rats?’ 
‘Rats,’ Thomas repeated, and shook his head. Dexter shrugged, deciding it was best to leave the matter until the morning to ask Spat for a less cryptic explanation. It was getting close to curfew.
 When Thomas opened the heavy iron gate for him, he walked across the street and found himself standing by Freda’s stall as she sifted through her wares. She was aware of his presence as always, and most pleased at this unexpected visit. She would make him wait though. She would treat him like any other customer. She knew he was an honourable man, a rare enough find. She had heard a rumour of that local prostitute, Ciatta Connah, who had demanded money off him though he had refused to sleep with her.
Dexter looked at her beer barrel, her peanuts and her various coloured packets of biscuits. He had never really examined them in much detail before. He had bought beer off her on numerous occasions in the past but hardly noticed the barrel from which they came, and biscuits too, never knowing they were available in different flavours. It was as if he were seeing things for the first time.
‘Hi there! Nice evening!’
She looked up at him. His blond hair and deep grey-blue eyes were a most extraordinary entity to her. She knew instinctively that it was the face of her upstairs-window voyeur.
He began to scan her items, taking time to choose. The look of apparent concentration on his face was a source of amusement to her. So too one afternoon, shortly after his arrival, when he had returned from his jog, red-faced, and punching the air as if he had won a race. He had made them all laugh on the street with that gesture, even Mister Albert.
‘I saw you,’ she said. ‘From your upstairs-room window. Were you watching me?’
The bluntness of the question made Dexter start. ‘Oh. Okay,’ he said, thinking hard. ‘Yes. Yes, I was interested to see what you did at night-time. I only ever see you when I’m passing in the day.’
They looked at each other in silence.
‘I was just curious,’ he added, his voice fading. ‘Just … you know …’ 
‘And what did you see?’
‘Eh … well, candles.’
‘Candles?’
Dexter pointed to the embers by her stall.
‘Oh, candles, I see. You like candles or something?’ she asked.
All of a sudden, a loud burst of excited laughter was heard from the alley as three street boys emerged, running in their bare feet and kicking each other in the backsides.
‘Hey boy!’ one shouted at Dexter. ‘Hey, ugly white boy! Give us a kiss!’ 
They continued to run towards the end of the street screaming with laughter while Dexter gave clumsy, uncommitted chase. Freda watched and smiled as he returned out of breath, half-laughing, half-coughing.
‘Here,’ she said, handing him a cold beer in a plastic orange beaker. ‘No charge.’
‘Thanks!’ he said, relieved by the timely distraction.
‘So how was your party?’ she said, pouring herself one too.
‘Oh, you know, the usual. Same old faces, same conversation, same …’
It was then that Dexter spotted Mister Albert stirring in the dark, a blanket around his shoulders, crouched by the embers of Freda’s fire. 
‘Hey, Mister Albert! What are you doing outside?’
Mister Albert looked up pitifully. Freda put her hand on Dexter’s arm, and whispered in the tones of clandestine conspiracy. ‘He asked Spat, your boss lady, for a glass of water and she threw it in his face. He doesn’t work for you anymore. She fired him earlier on tonight.’
Dexter stared at her incredulously.
‘It’s a long story, I’m sure,’ Freda added quickly.


Although Mister Albert politely declined when Dexter returned from the house with the glass of water he was so curiously refused earlier, he did accept a further offer of some palm wine confiscated off Thomas, who was caught off-guard by Dexter in his hut. Mister Albert thanked God for Dexter that night and promised to pray for him always, something its recipient regarded as completely irrelevant and unnecessarily overstated. 
Dexter was now concerned though. Curfew was not far off and ECOMOG soldiers would soon be starting to patrol the streets. He reminded Freda that she should go home. He would not like to be the one responsible for any trouble that could come her way. An image of Ciatta, the prostitute at Papa Romeo bar, flashed through his mind; he did not wish for a repeat of that night. But Freda just smiled, said there was still time, and shook the dust off her mat. She then laid it on the ground at their feet and they sat together for a short while in pleasant conversation.
It was something one of them said on the subject of white men and black women in Africa, that made them both temporarily pause, blush, and realise a most unlikely and unique connection. They held each other’s gaze a fraction too long, and something indescribable passed between them, there and then in the soft moonlight of Gibson Street.
It was as she rose to fetch a packet of biscuits and two fresh beers at her stall, that Dexter recalled something his driver, Victor, had said to him once in the yard.
‘When are you going to put that damn guitar away and find yourself a woman?’
He would have to remember that little gem.


It was a Friday afternoon, a fortnight later, when the unthinkable happened. The sun was almost down behind the rooftops, and the sky over Mamba Point was a deep crimson colour. From the window in his office, he heard first, then saw the white Toyota pickup reverse at tremendous speed, a screech of brakes, maybe a scream (but he was not sure of this fact), then silence (he knew this to be certain), followed by a simple spray of ephemeral dust, the very dust that now stuck in his memory, the way it stuck to the skin in the harsh harmattan winds that blew through the streets of Monrovia in December. Who drove the car? Who sat on either side of her in the back seat, if indeed it was her in the back seat? And why did they sprint away like cowards?
Now, since Freda’s mysterious disappearance, he could think of little else. He missed her dark eyes, her mouth. He missed how she had castigated a local prostitute one night at Papa Romeo bar who had tried to woo him away from her. He missed her smile, her laugh, the staccato lilt in her voice. But most of all he missed the almost irrepressible anticipation of kissing her naked body.
He was lonely, that was true, but he considered this to be a selfish emotion under the circumstances. She might be in serious trouble, but he could not imagine what it was she could have done. More pertinent to the feeling of vacancy in his chest, however, he could not imagine what he himself might have done, or what indeed he might have got himself involved in, in his acquaintance with this mysterious Liberian woman.


5. Spat’s Cats


Ever since the night of the party, everyone had been telling Mister Albert how horribly he had been treated by Spat. Victor was so angry when Thomas told him the story the following morning, that Mister Albert remembered Thomas and Mabasi having to hold him back from entering the office to break her face or something of that nature. But Mister Albert wondered what all the fuss and anger was about. From his simple point of view, Spat was the one who had given him a job when no one else ever would and for this reason she could do no wrong in his eyes. Although he was a man of seventy-eight, Spat made him feel, for a while at least (he never expected to keep the job for long anyway being quite hard of hearing) like a man, say, in his mid-thirties and for this small privilege he was eternally grateful to her.
He missed her. He missed watching her bend down low most evenings after work to feed the chickens in the yard, when on some occasions the base of her back and even the top of the crack of her pale white bottom could be seen. This had more of an aesthetic than erotic appeal for Mister Albert, who also enjoyed watching the sunlight shine off the satiny naked bodies of the street boys as they washed themselves playfully in the ocean every morning close to his home, a wooden shack near a sliver of beach off 3rd Street. It was Spat’s exotic, pale white skin, her curious relationship with tomorrow night’s dinner, and her obliviousness to (or was it disinterest in?) his admiring gaze, that stirred in him a deep sense of affection. Simple affection, like how he felt that time when he saw her bare breasts and the dark triangle of her pubic hair one afternoon, while he was helping Esther stock the supplies cupboard. Her towel had dropped to the floor in the hall as she came out of the bathroom after her shower. Spat, in appalled realisation at her bared state, hesitated momentarily and stared, her eyes flaming, at the old man staring back. The instant seemed for both to suspend itself in time so that the seconds it took for the towel to drop, their mutual realisation of this fact, Mister Albert’s once over, their eyes to meet, and the towel to be recovered, it could have been played on a loop for most of the rest of the afternoon and long into the evening.
‘Describe them then!’ the doubting Thomas had asked him the following day by the gate.
‘They big,’ Mister Albert had replied, pleased to have one up on his fellow guard, and enjoying the new-found attention.
‘I know they’re big; we all know that. Describe them, I said,’ said Thomas, growing impatient. ‘If you can,’ he added sceptically.
Mister Albert thought about it for a moment.
‘They big, round and white, and pink in the middle-o.’ 
He had a photograph of her that was carefully hidden under a straw mattress in the guards’ hut which he had no time to take with him from the compound when she slammed the gate behind him that night. He had removed it from a pile of photographs on her office desk one day when she had gone into town with Mabasi. He had thought hard about how he could get that photograph back. He could not ask Thomas, who would think less of him for stealing it in the first place. It was a problem, and, in the microcosmic world of Mister Albert’s new jobless existence, it was a big one.
Now in his spare time, to fill his day, Mister Albert would think about the man who at times escorted Spat home at night, the tall one who worked in the Embassy, and how he would like nothing better than to poison him some day. He read bad signs in that man’s eyes. And he would often scold Mister Albert for being too slow to open the gate, as if he were his boss man. The only reason he was slow was because he could not get his aching legs up quickly enough off his straw mattress, and sometimes he suspected he could not always hear them knocking. Spat never really got cross though; she would usually just frown and go on up to the house while the Embassy man would stand there and point his finger and say unkind things.
‘Why don’t you clean the wax from your goddamn ears?’ he had shouted at him once, advice Mister Albert had taken literally, wriggling his fingers in his eardrums throughout the night until they grew red and sore, and later crusty with infection. ‘What kind of dumb ass are you anyway?’ he had asked him on another occasion. Later, after much deliberation, Mister Albert finally decided that he was a seventy-eight year old Liberian dumb ass, but that he was probably only a dumb ass because no one had ever taught him how to read or write, and that this was not his fault.
On the occasions when the Embassy man was most angry, Mister Albert would stare at his lips which were moving so fast that he felt the matter of opening the gate quickly must be one that was very important to him indeed. If this white man were like all white men, he would have liked to poison each and every one of them, but thankfully he knew that this was not true. It was not true for instance of his own boss man, or ex-boss man, Dexter, who gave money to Chamblah in the office one time because she had wanted to send her child to secondary school but could not afford it. He told her to tell no one. Chamblah told everyone. And when Dexter jogged after work most evenings, he turned back into Gibson Street, red-faced and out of breath, and waved to people and punched the air like he had just won a race. This made Mister Albert laugh every time.
Now his friends on Gibson Street advised Mister Albert not to make any further efforts to try to please Spat. He had been told by Martha not to loiter outside the house any more but Freda told Martha it was a free world and that he could do whatever he wanted. Thomas told him to put spiders in Spat’s Land Cruiser, but Freda laughed at Thomas when he said this, so Mister Albert was not sure if he was joking. He knew for sure that Mabasi would not be happy and he did not want to upset him of all people. Mabasi had given him dollars the morning after he had lost his job to help him buy some rice at the market.
But he only had himself to blame for everything anyway. How could he have been so stupid to have asked his boss for a glass of water on the night of her birthday party? He was sure it was this mistake that had lost him his job. Leaving the dead rats scattered outside her door that night though was probably not a very good idea either, now that he came to think of it.


If Dexter had had to categorise Spat’s love of pets on some sort of scale, he would have ranged it from the extraordinary to the outright disturbing. He noticed that the degree of love she ostensibly demonstrated towards these creatures varied greatly depending on her mood. It seemed to him that at times when she was at her most insecure, she was especially haughty and superior in her attitude towards him and the local staff but was most loving and affectionate towards her pets. Because of this he started to take a personal dislike to the bad-tempered beasts and even blamed them irrationally when matters did not go his way.
Cats were her particular favourite, dogs next perhaps (she spoke wistfully of a stray mongrel she rescued once outside the Masonic Hall that was later flattened by a cement truck on Newport Street), and then the chickens in the yard that she fed and clucked to, yet seemed to deny, a dubious phenomenon, come those dinnertimes with servings of boiled rice and Esther’s splendid tomato and chilli sauce.
He wouldn’t have minded so much if the mother cat had at least stayed out of his way a little and the kittens acted like the cute little creatures they were meant to be, instead of hissing at him every time he tried to move them away from his private papers and other personal stuff. Spat had set up a wicker basket for the three of them in the corner of the living room before Dexter had arrived, which over time they had scratched so much that it resembled more of a tray than a cat’s bed. Beside it was a plastic container with some cat litter concoction of sorts that Mister Albert took upon himself to clean and replenish each morning, a job he cheerfully undertook along with many others in the house in addition to his gate guard duties for no extra pay.
It was these very cats, Dexter believed, that first drove a wedge between them, not to mention how unfair Spat had been in deciding to take her “well-deserved” ten-day R&R to Guinea so soon after his arrival, leaving him in charge of all organisational affairs in Liberia and, thanks to his old boss and friend Maurice MacDonald’s recent departure, Sierra Leone too. Dexter had only passed through Freetown briefly en route to Monrovia where he had met two rambunctious office girls, Grace and Jackie, who seemed to be running the whole show with a great deal of competence between them. He had in fact found himself with so little to do that later in the week he had accompanied a UN convoy of returning refugees to the town of Kenema just to pass the time. It turned out to be a worthwhile and eye-opening trip, passing deserted village after village, some completely destroyed along the way. At one point on their journey they were stopped at a roadblock by soldiers, no more than boys when seen up close, with Kalashnikov rifles and rather frightened-looking bloodshot eyes. The local UN representatives spoke calmly to them for a while, laughed a little, gave them some cigarettes and a few bottles of beer, and then indicated that permission was granted for the convoy to be on its way. It was the first time Dexter had encountered face-to-face these child soldiers he had read so much about.
It was evening by the time they arrived at Kenema. The town was expecting them. Everyone was out, lining the main street on either side, cheering and throwing flowers. Dexter had felt a great deal of unexpected emotion at the scene.
Then later over fried chicken, when the Canadian UNHCR man in charge of the repatriation was chatting intensely with him about his experiences in the Rwandan camps, Dexter could not believe it when he felt tears begin to roll down his cheeks, now thinking about one of the young refugees standing alone looking around, with no one there waiting for her. He had seen this kind of thing before, and in his experience of the aid business there was just about nothing worse than seeing a child separated or orphaned from their family. They were forced to finish the rest of their supper in awkward silence, the UN man excusing himself noticeably early to retire to bed.
He had been surprised quite frankly at head office’s decision, and not for the first or last time, regarding the go-ahead for Spat’s trip, leaving Dexter vulnerable should the worst occur. He was beginning to suspect that certain people responsible for the safety and security of others living thousands of miles away were making casual decisions over lunch, largely ignorant of the potentially volatile and explosive circumstances that those decisions could affect. Although he had been first introduced to the aid business and gained considerable experience as the manager of Lumasi, an 113,000-strong refugee camp in Ngara, Tanzania, on the Rwandan border, he had never been a Country Director before. He had never even been a proper Programme Coordinator. He supposed logistics was his speciality, if that is what his limited knowledge of the subject could be called, and now, after only weeks of the briefest induction to Liberia, a country in a hiatus of war, and a short stopover in Sierra Leone, still smoking from a war that was not unconnected to its neighbour, he was expected to waltz in and take control as if it were something people just did.
Leaving Dexter in charge of her precious queendom did not sit easily with Spat either, although in the balance of wanting her well-deserved R&R to Guinea with her new partner Stan and her belief that this new recruit was not quite up to the job, Guinea tipped the balance. She wrote out lists for him of what he should be doing during his working day, and pasted various pieces of coloured paper all over the house to remind him of his domestic chores.
‘And get Thomas to fix the leg of the living room table. And those handset batteries – let them run out fully before recharging them,’ she said as if he didn’t know.
‘Fine,’ he replied.
‘Oh and contact those guys who sold us that bladder tank in the yard. It’s got pinholes in it; they have to replace it. Don’t take ‘no’ for an answer. And we need a pro-forma invoice from that Lebanese hardware store in town – only deal with Hassin. We need to price the Besao well project in Bomi County too. Actually, come to think of it, you can get Martha to call around with Mabasi and get a few more of them just in case they’re undercutting him these days but I doubt it …’
‘Yes,’ Dexter replied between his teeth.
‘And for God’s sake, go and have a look at that bridge at Beajah. I still can’t believe you haven’t checked it out.’
‘But Father Larry said …’
‘Don’t listen to him. He’s as mad as a March hare; you should have guessed that by this stage.’
‘Right!’
‘And I know you can’t stand them, but I’m asking you, as a favour,’ she stressed. ‘Feed and look after my cat and her kittens. Please, Des!’
‘Mm!’
The list went on endlessly.
Dexter had a feeling that by giving him so many orders at once, she was deliberately setting the bar so high that on her return she could assert a sort of assumed excellence (could she have achieved so much in ten days?), putting him on the back foot and thus gaining the psychological advantage. How could he possibly be expected to get all of this done in so short a time? She knew as well as he, better than he, that things generally got done in Africa at quarter the desired pace. Pole, pole, was the Swahili motto he had heard daily mentioned during his time in Tanzania – slowly, slowly.
In the days following Spat’s departure, despite the extra workload and stress, Dexter enjoyed his independence and freedom, enjoyed having the house all to himself (he had the much-pleased Esther temporarily imprison the cats in the shed), but enjoyed most of all building fresh relationships with the local staff who, in the absence of Spat, began to open up more and, he noticed, began to work more cheerfully and diligently.
But Spat was not the only absence in the house that Dexter took pleasure from. He was just as pleased with not having to put up with the occasional annoying intrusions of Spat’s partner, Stan Petrowski. It was not that he particularly disliked Stan, or cared that much either way, but the constant questions, far too probing for Dexter’s liking about their work in Bomi County, officially terra incognita to Embassy staff due to the security risk in that region, got on his nerves.
‘What’s with all the curiosity?’ Dexter had asked him one evening when they were alone in the living room. Spat was in her bedroom getting ready to go out. Stan had just about asked him every question imaginable about the bridge they were building at Beajah, a village just outside of Tubmanburg, bar the colour of the engineer’s eyes. Dexter did his best to avoid any direct answers.
 ‘I’ve always been fascinated with the missionary spirit,’ he said unconvincingly.
‘We’re not missionaries,’ Dexter corrected him.
‘Well the damn humanitarian spirit then or whatever it is,’ Stan had snapped impatiently.
‘Then why not join an NGO yourself if you’re so intrigued?’ Dexter replied. What was taking Spat so long?
‘And give up my salary?’ he scoffed.
A random image of Stan, with comic book gills and a shark’s fin, popped into Dexter’s head at that very moment.
‘So what kind of weight can it withstand then?’ Stan continued, ignoring the digression.
Enough to carry your fat ass, Dexter would have loved to have retorted, but thought better of it at the last second.
On arrival to Monrovia, Stan strongly encouraged all foreign aid workers to register with the Embassy, for which they received a laminated clip-on badge, with their name and photograph clearly visible under a large imposing emblem of the American eagle. In return they were granted permission to play pool and volleyball and watch the latest Hollywood releases on a cinema screen in the Embassy function room on Wednesday nights. Dexter suspected ulterior motives: knowing everyone’s name and contact details would be useful information, the collation of which a person might suspect could conceivably fall under the category of intelligence gathering.
He remembered too the time Brad Roberts, Stan’s Embassy colleague, had asked if he could accompany Dexter on a trip to Gbah, purely out of humanitarian curiosity, of course. Why he had brought with him a camcorder, and recorded the entire route along the way, concealing it at the numerous ECOMOG checkpoints and deeper into the bush the civilian roadblocks, only to arrive at the camp to stand back, looking extremely bored while Dexter went about his business, he could only speculate.
But now, in their welcome ten-day absence, all that was temporarily behind him, and life on Gibson Street seemed quieter and hassle-free. He felt only the slightest bit guilty about Spat’s cat and her kittens, now locked in the dark shed at the back of the yard. They seemed to hold him personally responsible for her absence, with their arched backs and aggressive spitting every time he came to feed them his leftover scraps or anything else he could find that Esther had left lying about in the kitchen.
It happened one evening, about four days before Spat’s return, when the black kitten scratched his arm and drew blood on his return from the Rubb Hall in Gbah (a large tent infested with rats that were destroying their food supplies like nothing Dexter had ever witnessed before, even in the much larger Rubb Halls of Lumasi) that he had an inspirational idea. Cats kill vermin, don’t they? It is their very raison d’être. He even saw one tease a mouse to death for hours in his back garden some years previously from his upstairs room, an impressive but disturbing sight. Spat’s cat and her kittens would catch the rats at Gbah. It was a moment of clarity, an apocalypse, and would complete the last task on Spat’s ridiculously testing list. And on the night before she would return from Guinea, they too would be returned to their domestic Eden, and no one would be any the wiser. Jahn, the camp manager at Gbah, would not say anything. Dexter would bribe him with a few bottles of local brew to go along with whatever lie Dexter chose to concoct. The office and house staff would be warned too, but he now knew whose side they were on and was not concerned in that regard. And cats could not talk.
The hardest part of his plan was actually catching the three elusive felines. Victor, much amused at Dexter’s efforts as he emerged a number of times unsuccessfully from the shed, red in the face with frustration, volunteered to help. He brought him a basket with a lid from the guard’s hut, and after much cursing, angst, and cuts to both men’s arms that drew enough blood to bring on Tetanus, the beasts were secure. But they were most unhappy. They scratched and tore from inside their new wicker prison, they cried, hissed, and spat like inmates of an institution for the criminally insane.
By the time they reached the refugee camp at Gbah, they had grown mute and still. Whatever lay outside of that wicker lid was something outside of their world, outside of their sensory maps of reference, and they were readying themselves, perhaps psyching themselves up even. Or maybe they were just tired. They were only small and it had been a long and traumatic journey.
On their release, which took some shaking of the upturned basket as they had dug their nails in hard, the kittens scampered at first in confused semi-circle like movements and then seeing their mother dart under a wooden palette, followed in utter fright. From their covert vantage point, they peered out at the staring faces. Dexter had never seen such a display of wimpy behaviour in all his life. He was almost embarrassed.
‘So these are your vicious rat catchers, Mister Dexter?’ Jahn laughed in his deep booming tones. ‘I think my rats will be pleased with your choice.’ There was a chorus of laughter from the camp loaders hanging around in their singlets watching the thoroughly entertaining spectacle.
‘Very funny, Jahn. You just wait and see,’ he replied, showing him the scars on his arm from his earlier struggle with them in the shed. ‘These guys are born to kill. They’re related to lions, you know.’
It was not the rats, many of which were in fact larger than the kittens and infinitely more ferocious, that finished them off in the end. Ten minutes after Dexter left the camp another chase ensued. There was little the bewildered Jahn could do, nor if he had the gumption would care to do, to stop a dozen or so underfed refugees from catching them, cutting their throats unceremoniously, skinning them, skewering them, cooking them over an open fire, and with a smattering of salt and two or so litres of palm wine, relishing the taste of meat once more. It reminded them of their youth and for a short while they forgot themselves, forgot their miserable displaced existences, and toasted the white man for his fortuitous gift.
The following day Jahn arrived at Dexter’s office in Monrovia, much amused. He could not, of course, comprehend the immense gravity of the situation. It was close to the end of their meeting when he brought up the matter.
‘I was right about those cats of yours, Mister Dexter,’ he said with a cheeky grin.
‘The cats?’ Dexter replied only half listening, tapping digits on his calculator, double-checking the subtotals on Jahn’s report.
‘Your little lions. They have not much meat on them but they made a good meal for those crazy men last night. The refugees said to thank you kindly.’
Dexter suddenly looked up, his eyes staring wildly at the man in front of him.
‘What?’ he pronounced in absolute horror.
Jahn did not know why his boss man’s face suddenly grew pale or why the vain in his forehead unexpectedly protruded as if it were about to rupture.
‘Those lions … cats. The refugees …,’ he stuttered, feeling suddenly defenceless.
‘They ate them? They eat cats? Why the hell didn’t you warn me?’ he roared, his heart pounding.
Jahn swallowed hard. How could he possibly understand Dexter’s current predicament or his absurd dilemma? ‘I … I didn’t know,’ the exasperated man said in reply. ‘I know they sometimes eat rats, but cats …’
‘Rats? They eat bloody rats? What am I to tell Spat?’ he asked now in panic, more to himself than to his hapless camp manager. ‘What am I going to do?’
The answer of course, though the confused Jahn was not the one to furnish him with it, was a simple choice: come clean and tell Spat the truth, or dream up some less stranger-than-fiction tale. But how could he, in the farthest reaches of his imagination, disguise the death of all three?
He noticed after a cold hug and a cheek-to-cheek mock kiss that she lost no time in glancing quickly towards the corner where the empty basket lay. There followed some obligatory small talk about her holiday, in particular some inane anecdote concerning Stan by the hotel pool, during which her eyes now noticeably scanned the room on a number of occasions as if she were searching for something that was obviously missing from the general picture. When she finally handed Dexter a cheap trinket as his token gift, she could resist no longer and asked the dreaded inevitable.
‘How are my babies?’ is how she chose to put it.
‘Eaten by refugees,’ is all he could do by reply. 


As the perturbed Jahn left Dexter’s office, the grin now wiped from his large jowly face, a small crowd gathered around him to inquire as to the outcome of the meeting. Word had spread quickly of the incident – Victor had heard it from another source earlier that morning and had subsequently informed the ever scandal-hungry inhabitants of Gibson Street, and its significance had escaped few. Mister Albert who usually did not partake much in rumour, not that he disapproved (he was as curious in the affairs of others as any) but simply could not keep up with the discordant white noise of so many voices at once, on this occasion could not help to strain his shocked ears to hear the words ‘Spat’ and ‘cat’, ‘Gbah’ and ‘barbeque’. He had Thomas explain the full story to him later that morning when the gathering dispersed.
‘Poor Spat. Poor Spat’s cats,’ he said aloud to himself in a day-dreamy state, for which he received a strange sideward glance from Thomas, who always thought the old man had a couple of screws loose.
By the time he had polished off his plate of rice and beans that evening in his hovel on his little strip of beach off 3rd Street, he had formulated a plan, perfectly logical to his fuzzy septuagenarian thinking. He would turn this terrible wrong, this disrespect shown to her by his fellow countrymen, to something right. He would put a smile back upon her face.


Jahn had his own method of doing away with vermin in his refugee camp. He was proud of having thought of the idea himself. He used a small percentage of the warehouse budget, under the column of Miscellany, to pay the hangers-on around the Camp HQ one Liberian dollar, about two US cents, per rat caught. This got them out of his hair – the hangers-on, not the rats. They sat all day, under the blistering sun, with makeshift bludgeons, beside rat holes, and as the rats emerged, they clobbered them to death. Jahn checked the number of rats in their buckets at the end of each day, the money was counted and handed over, they shook hands with the customary clicking of their middle fingers and the deal was done. What he was not aware of, though, was that secretly they bred rats under their tarpaulin at an alarming rate. This was why his report, submitted by him to Spat shortly before her trip to Guinea, highlighted his concern with their ever-increasing numbers.
It was one of these very buckets – after a long public van ride to and from Gbah, not without the usual discomforts of sharing seat space with livestock, checkpoint delays, and screaming infants – that Mister Albert purchased with great excitement on the eve of Spat’s party. It was not the first time Jahn had sold a bucket of rats and so did not think it too strange: in harsh times, people would eat almost anything. But Mister Albert had no such intention. His plan was not to wine and dine his object of affection. It was more straightforward and so much more beautiful, a down-to-earth gesture from the bottom of his simple heart. He would offer these dead rats as a birthday gift to his boss. He would lay them out at her feet. He would tell her a white lie that in the moments preceding their capture, her cats had been busying themselves in the act of killing those monstrous rats. He would show her the evidence of their courage and she would forever be proud to remember this. It was the least he could do for her considering how kind she had been to him, giving him a job when no one else ever would. And maybe the Embassy man would not scold him so much anymore for being slow to open the gate.
On the night of the party, Mister Albert carefully spread his rats like rose petals at the balcony door, and waited for Spat in the kitchen for some minutes until she emerged from the living room for another tray of canapés.
‘Miss Pat?’ he said timidly. ‘Some water, Miss Pat.’
‘What?’ she replied rather abruptly.
‘Water,’ he repeated, pointing to his mouth.
‘Mister Albert, you are meant to be at the gate with Thomas. Others may be arriving.’
‘But I thirsty, Miss Pat. Very thirsty,’ he said. ‘But is okay, I wait.’
He turned and walked outside.
‘Oh for God’s sake, Mister Albert!’ she said aloud to herself through gritted teeth. She took down the oldest looking cup she could find from the shelf above her head and poured cold water from the large silver thermos beside the sink. She walked to the kitchen door. Outside, Monrovia was in darkness. Mister Albert’s plan was working perfectly.
It was not so much that she threw the water in his face but when Mister Albert turned up the kerosene lamp to full at the exact moment that she felt a squelch and crunching sensation below her feet and then, at the realisation that she was not only standing among but actually sliding on what looked to be twenty or more giant-sized rats, the water took on a life of its own and knew exactly what to do all by itself. As she stood for a few moments in stunned silence, trying to take in the absolutely mind-boggling sight before her, all that came to mind with Mister Albert’s shimmering, glowing, smiling face through the kerosene fumes in the background, staring at her for approval in the ghostly dancing shadows of the lamp, was the word ‘voodoo’. Voodoo, with its fetish-house cowries, death-dolls, Devil ceremonies, and shaman. She had always secretly known Mister Albert to be some kind of pervert ever since he had stood in the kitchen that day with his tongue half hanging out staring at her naked body, slobbering like a Labrador in heat, but she had not suspected this. Mister Albert a witch doctor? What else could this possibly be?
‘What the hell are you up to, you old fool?’ she croaked, her voice sounding odd to her as if it were about to shatter.
‘They are for you. They are a gift,’ he replied candidly, a little distracted by her choice of address. Perhaps he hadn’t heard her correctly.
‘A gift? These rats are a gift?’ Her voice was rising to soprano heights. ‘Are you insane?’
‘No, no, Spat.’
‘What did you call me?’ she said, her eyes full of fury. ‘What did you …?’
‘Miss Pat, Miss Pat. No, no, you no understand,’ he said quickly, suddenly feeling the situation and his clever plan beginning to spiral. ‘They are because of your cats. It is because I feel bad about the killing of your cats.’
‘What do you know about the killing of my cats?’ she demanded angrily. ‘What had you to do with that?’
She was talking so quickly and was so agitated, and Mister Albert’s brain was in such a muddle with all her pointing and gesticulating, that he could neither focus on the purpose of her questions nor concentrate on making his answers sound in any way coherent.
‘I found the rats in Gbah. Your cats fought well before they died. I want you to know that. They died well-o, and anyway I hear some of my countrymen did not so much like the taste of them …’
‘And this is a good thing?’ she asked, suddenly feeling an overwhelming urge to strike him.
‘Yes. I mean … yes. It is a good thing, yes?’ 
‘Answer me one question, Mister Albert,’ she said slowly and deliberately. ‘Why have you placed rats on my doorstep as a gift?’
Perhaps it was her kind face behind the desk in the office that first morning, his brand new blue uniform, some routine to his day, a little money for food in the market, his new young friends on Gibson Street, her bare back when feeding the chickens in the yard, or her naked body that day when her towel accidentally fell to the floor: he had never really thought about it in such a way till now. There was only one answer and Mister Albert could never deceive the woman that he loved more than anything else in the world.
‘Because … because I love you-o.’
Spat’s mouth dropped. Even she did not expect this degree of candour.
‘Get out of my house!’ she said viciously after a pause. ‘Get out! Do you hear me, you mad, perverted, voodoo witch? You’re fired!’ She grabbed his arm and marched him down the front steps to the gate. ‘Now get out and stay out,’ she shouted as she pushed him roughly on to the road, making a failed point of trying to slam the heavy, cumbersome gate behind him; it was not as easy as it looked.
Freda was minding her own business at her stall across the street when the disoriented seventy-eight year old guard, one she had always found particularly sweet, was forcefully pushed like some rag doll, his hair and face dripping, in her direction. She rose and went to him, putting her arm around his shoulders; his legs looked unsteady as if he were about to faint.
‘Are you alright?’ she inquired. ‘What happened? Why are you wet?’
‘I … I not sure-o. I asked her for a glass of water,’ the shaken man replied, ‘and I think she threw it at me.’


6. Spat Moore


Freda returned suddenly one afternoon to the dusty steps of Dexter’s office. She was safe, it seemed, with all her faculties intact. He was overcome with relief.
When she asked to rest in his bed, he considered Spat for a brief moment, hesitated, but thought better of it. He led Freda by the arm to the bathroom in his house across Gibson Street, nodding confidentially en route to Thomas, the bewildered-looking gate guard, as they passed through. She needed a wash; she was quite obviously exhausted.
He waited in silence in the hallway outside the bathroom door where he heard the toilet flush more than once. What was she doing? What was taking her so long? When she eventually emerged looking none the better for wear (by the look in her eyes, she had been crying) he walked her to his room, letting her undress while he prepared an omelet on the kitchen wood stove, his only culinary skill, which he brought to her in bed. She had propped herself up with pillows and looked smart in his freshly-laundered pyjamas. He told her not to worry, although the phrase coming from his mouth sounded to him incongruous, redundant even. His omelet was beginning to wilt with neglect.
She looked at him and forced a smile. He wanted to kiss her now more than he had ever wanted to kiss anyone, indeed he had to suppress a desirous urge to make instant love to her. She would not refuse him, he believed, but the better part of him recognised how inappropriate that would be under the circumstances. In any case, he had other more pressing matters on his mind.
There was so much he needed to know. Did she scream that day on the street or had he just imagined it? No one else in the office seemed to hear anything. Who were the men, no more than boys by the look of them, in that shabby white pickup, and what did they want with her; what did they do with her?
‘There now,’ he said, as he fluffed the sides of the pillows by her shoulders and adjusted the mosquito net. ‘You’ll be fine.’ He paused briefly. He knew he should be careful with his approach. He did not know what she had been through though, or how much she was willing to tell him about it. He decided on the direct approach.
‘What happened to you?’
‘I am tired,’ she said, as if this were the fitting reply.
‘Oh. I see.’
He reminded himself that she was his patient, and scolded himself for being obstinate. But he had been worried, very worried, and the least he deserved was to know what happened, and for her to tell him right now.
‘Were you kidnapped?’
Freda thought about this for a while, the word hanging ominously in the humid air between them. At last she winced from a spasm of pain, and then coughed deeply. It was sonorous and phlegmy and concerned him. He was uneasy too about their conversation so far. Since her return and subsequent silence, an uncomfortable suspicion had been niggling away at his mind, small but indisputably there, that because of her silence – possibly, conceivably – he might have misread her from the start.
‘Where were you?’ he demanded rather impatiently, when her coughing subsided. ‘I’ve been down at the market every day asking … ’ 
‘Okay, Dexter, enough!’ she advised gently though firmly, and placed the palm of her hand over his mouth. With her other hand she touched his cheek and leant across to kiss him which he welcomed as an important, though minor, act of reunification. Her lips were dry and chapped. She smiled weakly at him, returned the wooden tray, omelet untouched, and then shuffled under the sheets. Her eyelids felt heavy. She shifted her weight, wriggled a little and then turned her body away from him. 
Dexter sat and watched her back for a while. Soon she was breathing soundly. He was cross with himself for his insistence, with Freda for her seeming reluctance to explain, and with those boys in the pickup, although for what reason yet he was unclear: the fact that they had taken her away from him causing him great distress would do for the time being. He listened to her breathing as it lapsed into a gentle snore. In the half-light of the oncoming Monrovian dusk that leaked its way into his room through the open window, he reasoned that he had been less than understanding. After all, should he not be more governed by relief at her safe return? The answers would come when she was ready, he was sure. In the meantime he would just have to be patient. 


When he woke up the following morning beside Freda, fully-clothed but for his clumsy metal-toed walking boots that his driver Victor had personally claimed on Dexter’s eventual departure from Liberia, he looked at her again for a long time, leaning out his hand and removing stray strands of hair from her face. She stirred and groaned in her sleep. 
Dexter, as he lay on his back staring at a cobweb on his bedroom ceiling, now decided that Monrovia, despite its teething problems, was not such a bad city for a posting after all. And although a wave of calmness that accompanies such epiphanies descended upon him, he felt a niggling concern that slowly grew to a deep dread as he thought of Spat, his boss and housemate. He had been cautious in dealing with her ever since that curious incident with Mister Albert, and she would not be at all pleased to hear that a local girl had spent the night in his bedroom. 


Outside of his window and down a floor to the street, Dexter could hear the guards and drivers laughing at something someone had said. It had been a lively conversation, rich in local slang, and hard to distinguish its gravity from its mirth. They were most likely discussing the July 19 elections or yet another assassination plot on Charles Taylor’s life. How many more attempts? he wondered, and how much of it was true anyhow? Survivors of assassination plots invariably came off with increased popularity. Dexter suspected Taylor’s sponsored daily newspapers (an obvious benefit resulting from Operation Octopus, named after Taylor’s invasion of Monrovia from numerous sides, the result of which witnessed a scandalous disregard for human life and property) of spinning these stories as some kind of propaganda tactic. The debates that ensued, heated or lighthearted or most often a combination of the two, might indeed have been a welcome distraction from reality, but its subject matter was most definitely not, and the potential dire consequences were lost on few. Seven years of witness to violent civil war had seen to that.
‘Dat damn funny-o,’ he heard one roar with laughter.
‘My name-o, just put me down-o,’ another, apparently not so amused by his tone, replied. ‘I say he eat my friend child. I say he juju. I say he devil his-self.’
‘You devil you-self-o,’ a third spoke up, and the laughter continued.
As he listened hard, trying to decipher recognisable English words from a melodious melee of others, Dexter heard something which made his stomach momentarily leap: Spat’s door across the hallway opened. He listened to her footsteps as she entered the kitchen for her customary glass of milk. She shuffled around to the sound of clinking crockery. Then there was silence for a while. He listened intently as she moved to the living room. He heard the annoying intro-jingle of the laptop which they both used occasionally at the weekends and in the evenings when necessary. This indicated of course that she was not going back to her bedroom and, as it was a Saturday, would wait until her meeting with Dexter was over before leaving the house, if she even decided to do that at all. Of late, Dexter had not seen much of Stan, Spat’s other half of sorts. When he did not call, she often hung around the house. On these days, Dexter slept in his hammock on their balcony.
‘I say, you juju man you-self,’ the loud, but seemingly jovial argument continued from the street.
He looked at Freda who was sleeping peacefully, and knew that this would be one of those mornings he would not forget for some time.


The figures on Spat’s laptop had made some sense to her for the first few minutes but were now making her eyes blur. She despised accounting and for this reason delegated most of it to Martha in the office, whose entries she halfheartedly double checked every night. Spat was never much one for paperwork, all that balancing of payments off with waybills and goods delivery and received notes, and all the other paperwork that would amount on her tray at the end of every week. Now she had Martha to do all that for her, leaving little else for her to do during the long afternoons, except attend meetings on the same worn-out topics. She had often thought, daydreaming her way through yet another hour, that these meetings served little else than to give the illusion that something was actually being decided and getting done in Liberia. But Spat knew different, and she did not like being idle.
Liberia had been a difficult posting for Spat in other ways too. She neither asked for nor ever wanted to be Country Coordinator of Liberia for her aid organisation. She had told head office that exact fact quite clearly in February, when Maurice had suddenly left his regional posting in Sierra Leone without informing anyone but Dublin, and no one was sent out to replace him. Not only did Spat now have to take care of affairs in Monrovia, but she had the added headache of Freetown too, a city where she was once confined to her house for three days during a coup d’état. The experience proved more frustrating than frightening as it turned out. But she knew somewhere deep in her heart that this incident, among some other trifles, had marred her perception of the whole West African region, and she could not bring herself, no matter how hard she tried, to warm to it.
On top of that there was Stan. She was quite flattered the night he had singled her out at an Embassy function he had organised. He was tall, fairly handsome as men go, easy enough to ignore his sometime twitch, claimed to have been a world-class skier in his day although the size of his current belly would suggest differently, and drove the best vehicle in Monrovia possibly outside of some of the presidential candidates. In his time, he had been stationed in Johannesburg and Algiers repectively, and had the fridge magnets to prove it. He brought Spat mundane and tacky gifts from time to time, some of which she knew he bought from a Lebanese shop on Broad Street: artificial flowers, sickly-sweet cakes, pirated videos. She did not have the heart to tell him not to bother.
But Spat was long enough in the game to know when things were not quite right. The sex was occasional and mostly forgettable. He was impatient in bed and far too unpredictable in mood. It was as if she were seeing a different man every time they met. At first, this had appealed to her. He was mysterious and full of layers that she was keen to know. But now she was growing weary of this unreachable man. He claimed to be the Events’ Organiser and Public Relations’ Officer for the Embassy but this sounded like nonsense to Spat. Embassy events consisted of a Wednesday-night gathering of international NGO personnel to play pool and watch Hollywood movies on a big screen with free popcorn and subsidised beer. Occasionally there was a weekend barbeque or fancy dress party, hardly enough to justify an Embassy posting. And as for public relations in Liberia? The notion was simply laughable.
So why not leave him? Why put up with his mood swings? She was no therapist if that was what he was after. Only the night before at the Pakistani restaurant in Vai Town he had thrown another tantrum. It was a temper she had witnessed on occasions before. They had had a pleasant dinner, and an expensive one by Monrovia’s standards, among some important persons of note from the various heads of NGOs and worthwhile contacts from several United Nations’ bodies. Over dessert, however, he struck up an incongruous conversation about Dexter’s recent work in Bomi County.
‘Haven’t seen him much since your party,’ he began, benignly enough.
‘He’s been busy in Bomi,’ Spat replied, wanting the conversation to end there. She did not enjoy the fact that Dexter was somehow finding work to do while she sat in her inner office staring at a blank computer screen most of the morning, waiting for lunch.
‘Strange one, Des,’ he continued. ‘What’s keeping him busy?’ he asked, taking a deep draught from his bourbon.
‘He’s working with Father Larry on a bridge and some wells. You know Larry who works at the Catholic Mission at Tubmanburg?’
‘Bridge? Which one? Where?’ he inquired, rather too hastily.
‘What difference does it make?’ she replied.
‘Just conversation,’ he retorted.
‘Well then, let’s make conversation about something else, alright?’
‘Alright, alright!’
But the topic of bridges did not end there. When they later moved into the bar, the subject of Tubmanburg and bridges resurfaced, with question after question about where Dexter had been and how long he had taken and how much she knew about what he had done there, until she finally told Stan in no uncertain terms, having somehow avoided giving him direct answers to any of his questions, to mind his own business. He was clearly not accustomed to being spoken to so bluntly.
‘You know your goddamn problem?’ he snapped.
‘Oh my problem. I have a problem?’ she said, now positively beginning to dislike him.
‘Yes, your problem! You’ve hardly anything to say for yourself outside of your own petty concerns and quibbles. Why can’t we just have a normal …’
‘Enough!’ she said, raising her voice and quieting the bar immediately.
A tense and awkward silence ensued. Spat would gladly have left it at that, but when Stan went on to call the unfortunate, nervous barman a clumsy son-of-a-bitch after he spilt some of his fresh drink over his shirt, Spat asked Stan why he was being so thickheaded, to which he raised his voice and flew into a rage so much that Spat had to stand up and go to the bathroom to avoid any further public embarrassment.
In the car on the way home he apologised halfheartedly. He invited her in to his apartment on United Nations Drive, which she accepted with reluctance, but only stayed for a half glass of milk and left before curfew. Dexter was asleep in his room by the time she returned. She would have liked to have had someone to talk to about it; even Dexter would have done.
She tried again to focus on the computer screen but the numbers began to dance and her eyes felt sore. Perhaps she needed new reading glasses she thought, and as she was wondering where in all of Monrovia to find a suitable optometrist, she heard Dexter stir in his room. So her compatriot had managed to drag his lazy ass out of bed at last! Now Dexter would saunter into the kitchen bleary-eyed, say a gruff good morning if he was in the mood, and sit at the table for the guts of an hour, their only meaningful conversation of the week.
She heard him in the kitchen now, making coffee. Another jar was nearly empty before the fortnight was through. Dexter made a point of scraping the bottom of the jar loudly with his spoon. It was only last week they had argued over her insistence on ordering the smaller-size jars to save money on their domestic budget. She herself detested coffee, but this was only a part of their argument, or rather Dexter’s tirade, following Spat’s instruction to his driver, Victor, not to turn on the air-conditioning system in the Land Rover on his and Dexter’s trips upcountry to Bomi County to save on fuel expenses. Victor, not appreciating Spat’s interference in his domain, though afraid to cross her, had pleaded with Dexter to appeal to her. It started off amicably enough but ended in a cathartic face-off between them, during which, amongst a list of gripes, the name of Mister Albert and the incident on the night of her party was mentioned more than once. Victor was conscious that Spat had hardly spoken to him since, but Spat had not had any cause; Victor was low on her list of growing troubles.
As Dexter emerged into the living room stirring his weak coffee, he turned to Spat and offered her an unenthusiastic ‘good morning’ which she acknowledged with a nod. She would start to engage him in conversation soon and he would be obliged to listen to her great plan for keeping them busy for the week. Most of her time would be spent in her private room at the back of the office, Dexter supposed. She might take a trip or two to their warehouse on Tubman Avenue to check on their supplies, to make sure no one was stealing them, although Dexter would rather they did as the maize and pulses were slowly beginning to rot. Dexter, on the other hand, in between trips to Bomi County, would do his best to make Martha, Chamblah, Victor and Mabasi laugh to pass away the long, humid afternoons. But biding their time was not a choice they had made; on the contrary, it was something that frustrated them both greatly. It was the brainchild of an agreement forged among the various non-governmental organisations or NGOs: do nothing (‘minimal intervention’), wait for Election Day, and then evacuate in a hail of gunfire or ‘keep your bloody heads down and pray’. It was as simple as that. Why build Liberia if the war was about to restart? Why bother being in Liberia at all so? Spat wondered.
She had otherwise committed her organisation though, something she and Dexter had been trying hard to keep under wraps from their NGO peers ever since. She had met two Irish priests, Larry and Cormac, in her first week in Liberia at a Mission in Tubmanburg in Bomi County, who had been pleased to have her over for tea.
‘Patricia Moore,’ Father Larry’s flattery began. ‘What a lovely name! I knew a family of Moores in my time. Hailed from County Cork as I remember. A good Catholic family.’ He paused. ‘You’re a Catholic yourself, I presume?’
Spat nodded, disliking the question.
‘Oh well then you’ll love our Mission in Tubmanburg so.’
‘A fine place,’ added Father Cormac, who handed her a plate of freshly-made donuts.
‘I’ve been here now close to twenty-five years,’ Larry continued. ‘But God though, hasn’t the war destroyed an awful lot of our good work over the years,’ he added with an exaggerated sigh.
Spat was not a novice to the poormouth card.
‘All the looting put a stop to our plans. And all the promises we made to our parishioners in Bomi County. All that trust damaged, ruined even.’ Their faces took on the look of sadness. Cormac stared at his slippers, shaking his head. Spat guessed it was not the first time they had performed this act.
‘It would break your heart,’ Larry said finally, when it was clear she had not yet fallen for their bait. ‘Your Irish heart,’ he added, as if in afterthought. It was a cheap trick.
By the end of the evening, they had secured a promise from her to fund a number of projects they had been planning. A few bridges, some wells, and the acquisition and distribution of supplies for a handful of people no longer welcome in the Internally Displaced Persons’ or IDP camps was all they modestly required. And this too is what Dexter’s trips to Bomi County had been about. He now knew all the main roads, the dirt tracks both passable and impassable, the bridges in tact but damaged, the abandoned villages and those inhabited, with a rough population guess of each. Without grasping the magnitude of its significance, Dexter had gained the single greatest personal degree of geographical and demographic intelligence of the most important military strategic area of terrain in all of Liberia.
But all Dexter knew was that he was getting bored of hanging around. He was growing weary too of these Saturday morning meetings, as if they had something worthwhile to discuss. And this particular morning, with Freda asleep in his bedroom, he was anxious not to prolong proceedings beyond their usual limit.


Outside of the living room window and down a floor to the street, Mabasi and Thomas were still laughing at something the gate guard across the way had said. He was such a stupid man, this one, they could not believe what they were hearing.
‘I say’s true,’ he said, his frustration boiling.
‘Says who?’ asked Mabasi.
‘A man at the market from Sinkor, he tell my brother friend. He say Taylor eat new-born babies.’
But the more they laughed at him, the more determined he became to win them over and thus the more convinced of its truth he became himself. This was often how rumours got spread through the streets of Monrovia. Apart from Charles Taylor’s sponsored newspapers which were blatantly partial and admittedly only accessible to the literate few, and the limited number of timid and tongue-tied political radio commentators, this was about the only way information, gossip or otherwise regarding the prospective election candidates, got disseminated.
They did not believe this man’s story, not because it was beyond the realms of belief (after all, even the most educated people in Monrovia believed that a bucket of human blood had been discovered under Taylor’s bed in a recent house raid by a Nigerian battalion of ECOMOG) but because last week, while working on a late shift, its storyteller drank too much palm wine, began raising his voice around midnight, woke some irate residents, and got some of the other night guards into hot water the following day. This was why they did not believe his stories. If they had been recounted, however, by most anyone else on Gibson Street that morning, it was likely that those new-born babies would sit quite comfortably alongside that bucket of blood without much question.


 ‘Early night, was it?’ Spat asked with an eyebrow raised, making sure Dexter detected her tone of mild sarcasm.
He sat down with his coffee and rubbed his eye. ‘Yeah,’ he replied in a non-committal sort of way.
‘Makes a change,’ she added, not looking up from her laptop.
He looked at her now as she tapped away, waiting for her to finish whatever it was she was pretending to do; he was no fool to her mind games, always having to wait a few minutes before she was ready to begin their meeting. She stopped tapping. She took a sip of water and slid the laptop slightly away from her on the table. It was 10.30am on Saturday morning. Their weekly meeting was in session.
‘So what’s up in Bomi County?’ she began.
‘Oh not much. Larry was showing me the bridge at Beajah,’ Dexter recalled. ‘Seems there aren’t too many stranded on the far side of the swamp after all.’ It hurt him to have to acknowledge that Spat’s prediction was correct on that particular point.
‘What did I tell you?’ she said haughtily. ‘What did I say?’
‘You said that Larry and Cormac knew Bomi County like the back of their hands,’ he said, his tone a touch more accusatory than he had intended.
‘It’s the war Des, and you know that damn well. They’ve been living and working here most of their adult lives; that’s half of Larry’s life at least. The war has messed everything up. The place has changed a lot in seven years. But at least they’re trying their best.’
There was silence. They looked at each other briefly. Dexter was the one to look away first. He knew she would outstare him if he took her on, so conceding early was a given. And he had got to be careful on this of all mornings with the bombshell he was soon to drop. The words printed on his organisation policy booklet were perfectly clear: It is strongly inadvisable to engage in sexual relations with locals. And Spat was a believer in the book.
 ‘Maurice is back in Abidjan. I got word yesterday that he’s coming for the elections … to keep an eye on our security.’
‘What? Oh good!’ Dexter shifted a little upright in his seat. He liked Maurice. He had been his Country Coordinator back in the camps in Tanzania on the Rwandan border, where he had started as an aid worker. It seemed a long time ago now. Maurice had them working hard and had kept their spirits up, even on the toughest of days. Mad Maurice McDonald – what a character! And what a strange day it was, the last one in Lumasi refugee camp. It was one Dexter would never forget.
He had been at the main food distribution point when the news broke out among the population of their imminent, forced, if necessary, repatriation to Rwanda, a land which most believed was hostile towards them, and the refugees were not being in the least bit cooperative. Tensions were high with some physical fights breaking out in the queues along the food distribution chutes. He could feel the change in atmosphere as palpably as the dark clouds that gathered overhead, and, being the only white face on site that day, had found himself very much in the wrong place at the wrong time.
It was not long until all hell broke loose. There were screams and people were suddenly running in all directions. Dexter could not move at first. He could only stand beside Hansie, his driver, and stare as men with machetes began to rip open the Rubb Hall and bags and boxes were torn apart before his eyes. Maurice, back at their base, had gotten word over his high frequency radio that the looting had started, and immediately got on the handset to tell him to get out. Dexter had gladly taken his advice, stopping only once to pick up the Tanzanian workers at the second food distribution point which was suffering much the same fate.
That night Dexter went to bed early but could not sleep. His mud hut, in the compound of K-9 or Kilometre-9 (nine kilometres from the Rwandan border) was muggy. The noisy creature that lived above his head in the thatch was quiet. It must have been sleeping. Soon he heard voices outside. There was laughter and some shouting across the compound. Maurice and an Irish soldier, Tom Sheridan, were soon banging on his door, ordering him to get his ass up and join them in polishing off some fine bottles of Irish whiskey, compliments of the Department of Foreign Affairs which Tom had brought with him from Ireland, and that they had been saving for the end of mission. Happy Christmas to all our Irish aid workers doing a great job and making us proud, the card had read. How could anyone refuse such a gallant offer?
‘Rough one today,’ he remembered Sheridan say, while raising his glass for a toast. ‘To fewer days like these!’
‘Here! Here!’ they had replied and clinked their glasses, careful not to spill a precious drop.
After that (the night ending in a vague memory of Dexter beating his compatriots in a drunken limbo-dancing competition in the early hours of the morning) Dexter and Maurice were confirmed friends, and the fact that he was coming now at a difficult time was good news as far as he was concerned.
‘That bastard tried to get me into bed one night,’ Spat suddenly said from nowhere.
Dexter looked at her in disbelief at first, and then in stunned silence, and then laughed loudly. It was not just the idea, the image that her words conjured up in his head, but the complete surprise at this most personal offering of information at such a moment. 
‘He tried to get you into bed,’ he said, when he recovered himself a little.
‘It’s not beyond reason,’ she replied, irritated.
‘No, no.’
Spat shuffled some papers as Dexter stared smirking into his coffee cup. They were used to such awkward moments. There was always the hammock for Dexter or the bathroom for Spat as a get-out clause.
‘Any news on the whereabouts of Finn?’ Dexter wanted to know next.
‘Father Larry says he saw him up near Klay, a fortnight ago, but no one believes him. Says he was in the back seat of a Land Rover.’
‘Strange night, that,’ Dexter said distractedly, no longer smiling.
Spat had heard the rumours. Apart from the UN man’s mysterious disappearance, there were whisperings of an incident involving Dexter and a prostitute. She did not want to know.
‘All sorts of people are disappearing these days,’ she said. ‘You mentioned that girl who sells ice cubes across the road. What’s her name? Elfreda or something? Hasn’t she turned up yet?’
Dexter looked at her suddenly and froze. ‘Who do you mean?’ he asked, trying to keep his voice level against the quickening of his heartbeat.
‘That girl out there. The one who sells ice. You mentioned her the other day after work.’
Dexter momentarily suspected she was teasing something out of him. Could she possibly have heard from someone on Gibson Street that Freda had spent the night? It was possible but unlikely in that it would not be Spat’s modus operandi to tiptoe around the issue.
‘I don’t know,’ he lied. 


The note Thomas was now fingering, the one Freda had slipped to him on her entry to the house the previous afternoon, was burning a hole in his pocket. She had simply whispered ‘Victor’ to him as Dexter was otherwise flustering and just as well because Thomas, being illiterate, could not read the name for the intended recipient on the folded piece of paper. When Victor arrived to work, as Spat and Dexter were well into their Saturday morning meeting, Thomas was quick to take him aside and explain the strange happenings regarding Freda’s sudden return and the note she had slipped to him which he now passed to Dexter’s driver. It was a torn-out sheet of flimsy blue-lined yellow copybook paper which simply read:

My Friend Victor
I have one favour to ask which you must not refuse me if ever I have been kind to you in the past. When you arrive to work, I ask you to drive to Newport Street to my grandmother’s house (it is the one beside the abandoned gas station, ask someone there for Mrs Bernard’s house) and bring to me what she gives you. It is very important that you do not let Spat or Dexter know as they will most likely object. I know it is an unusual request but I will not forget it if you do as I wish.
Thank you, Victor.
Freda  xxx 

Victor read the note twice and frowned. He did not like the sound of this. Why should Spat and Dexter object and if they did, he did not want to be the one in the centre of any scheming. But he liked Freda. She had indeed been kind in the past, not just to him but to Mister Albert and others on Gibson Street. She gave them credit for beer and biscuits although she had little money herself and she listened patiently to their complaints even though she did not work for their organisation. It was only Victor and a handful of others who knew that Dexter had been seeing her secretly down by Mamba Point. He had spotted them by pure chance holding hands one day on the beach and although Victor loved to gossip, he had decided that this time, out of respect for his boss and friend, not to share it.
‘So what does it say?’ the eager Thomas wanted to know.
‘It says for you to wait here and keep an eye out for Spat. If she asks for me, say I’ve gone to put air in the tyres.’
‘Oh,’ replied the disappointed Thomas, who proceeded to open the heavy gate as Victor drove off down Gibson Street in a mysterious hurry.


Spat took a sip of her water and Dexter finished his coffee. She was sifting through papers on the table now, searching for some waybill or other, some document to get him on, he suspected. He looked at the print on the wall, the one of dogs playing cards dressed like 1950s gangsters, which at first amused him but now annoyed him beyond reason. She found what she was looking for at last and shoved it across the table to him as if it were some contagious disease.
‘What’s that?’ he asked.
‘It’s the goods received note for food supplied by the UN to our schools’ project in Bomi over the last while. Read it!’ she said.
He felt momentarily that he was back in school being reprimanded by a pedantic schoolmistress, having miscalculated some basic arithmetic. He examined it carefully. It looked fine.
‘Well?’ she inquired.
‘Well what?’
‘Don’t you think three quarters of a tonne of maize and beans is a little on the excessive side considering the number of schools in the area?’
He looked again at the figures and the total: 752 kilograms. It did seem rather a lot for a fortnight’s ration.
‘Have you been at any of those education meetings at the ministry recently?’
The ministry was a four-storey building on Broad Street that Ruth Perry’s interim government had chosen to give some sort of semblance of political stability in the country until the elections, which was mainly used to hold meetings with UN and NGO organisations. The education meeting was one that Dexter had been attending since his arrival, not because it was of any use but because there was little else for him to do in Monrovia. 
‘There was one on Tuesday last. The usual nonsense.’
‘Did they mention Food For Education?’
‘It’s all they ever talk about, Pat. They think it’s the best idea since the atomic bomb or something.’
‘Well it’s not such a bad idea. The kids aren’t going to school because their parents need them to work in the fields, so feeding the kids at school takes the pressure off; less mouths to feed, so less work to do, hence the kids show up at school. I can’t see much of a problem in that. Except, of course, when we’re delivering enough food to feed a small army,’ she added facetiously.
The word ‘army’ made them both pause uncomfortably for a brief moment.
‘It’s Father Larry’s schools,’ Dexter explained. ‘He keeps building makeshift temporary shelters all over the place and they keep filling up with kids. There’s hardly anyone living in the area, they’re all in the camps, but the kids just keep appearing.’
‘They’re the same kids ...’ Spat said.
‘I know,’ he interrupted. He hated it when she stated the obvious to him. ‘I know they’re the same. I spotted it a while back. There’s this one kid with an ugly case of scabies who I saw a few times on the one afternoon, and a little girl who keeps wanting to hold my hand all the time. I saw her sitting behind at least three different desks in different schools last week. They must be worn out being dragged around the bush so much.’
‘You don’t think Larry’s in on it, do you?’ Spat asked, hoping her fears were not shared by Dexter.
‘No,’ he said confidently. ‘Not Larry; no way!’
They both looked at the document on the table between them. It would be the right thing to report this anomaly, these phantom schools, to the UN World Food Programme and to the Interim Ministry of Education or whatever they called themselves these days. It would be the right thing to stop all food distribution in the area until the matter was duly investigated, a most difficult task considering its volatility and the fact that only Dexter’s organisation and a handful of Irish priests were mad enough to work there. It would be the right thing by organisational and professional standards and most every other conceivable standard going. But there was one major glitch that they were both cognisant of now in the continued silence between them. In all their visits to Bomi County, neither Dexter nor Spat had ever come across anyone who was not clearly in need of more food and no one, as far as either could see, was racketeering on the back of extra quantities. The power of the aid worker’s pen can be a most unenviable, most unsettling thing.
‘Go and speak with Larry again, Des,’ Spat said finally. ‘Reason with him. Tell him there are problems with the caseload and pipeline. Tell him anything. Bring that figure down somehow before the elections because as soon as they’re over, Bomi County may be open for business and then we’re up the creek.’
Dexter was suddenly distracted, his mind wandering to Freda. In all their talk, he had almost forgotten her. He felt a lump forming in his throat.
‘Des?’ Spat said, irritated by his apparent hesitation.
‘Oh yeah, yeah, sure, yeah – whatever.’


Victor was not at all happy when the basket was handed to him by the old benign-looking grandmother at the doorstep on Newport Street. This was not what he had expected in his wildest imagination. And what was more, he would be the one to have to deliver it.
He placed it most carefully on the back seat. He would have to drive slowly and be careful when meandering the busy In-Town traffic of Monrovia, largely made up of imported generic-looking taxis hungry for trade. Freda owed him for this one big time. Big time!


The faint monotone of a muffled conversation made its way through the dividing wall to Dexter’s bedroom where Freda opened her eyes slowly as if in some childish fairytale. She lay beneath a single sheet, rays of slatted light escaping in through the venetian blinds. She absorbed her surroundings: a four-poster double bed with mosquito net (holes darned clumsily), a dressing table in the far corner of the room by the window with three packets of opened cigarettes, a few spraying items of sorts, some loose Liberian dollars, and a medium-sized mirror with a photograph of white people smiling wedged into its top corner.
She wiped the sleep from her eyes and shifted herself out of bed to take a closer look. She was stiff; her legs felt wobbly at first. It had been quite a week, one she would rather forget, but she was safe now and alive and Dexter, her man, her husband of sorts, was looking after her. All would be fine, she hoped, as long as Victor got the note she passed surreptitiously to Thomas and she got the time, just five minutes was all she needed, to explain her story.
They looked nice, the people in the photograph, Dexter’s family she presumed. He looked not unlike his father who had a kind face, and his mother was so glamorously dressed. There were two others, two older siblings she assumed, two girls. What a perfect family, she thought.
The sound of the engine of a single Land Rover turned onto Gibson Street but to her it was lost in the background din of life as she was away in further thought of how nice it would be to have such a family one day.


‘He’s a harmless old fool. Why don’t you just leave him be?’ Dexter said, standing and going to the window to look out at Mister Albert who was sitting on Freda’s stool in her absence.
‘He’s been hanging around by the gate ever since we fired him …’
‘You fired him,’ Dexter corrected her.
‘Since I fired him,’ she said tediously. ‘Why can’t he just go home or hang out somewhere else; find somewhere else to loiter? What does he think? Does he really honestly think I’m going to give him his job back or something?’
‘Has he asked for it?’
‘No,’ she said.
‘Well then,’ he concluded.
Dexter looked hard at the old man sitting in the shade, the latter’s attention turned to the oncoming vehicle. It was a beautiful late sunny morning in Monrovia. It would be perfect but for the absence of bird sounds, the birds having abandoned Liberia years ago when the shooting first started. Dexter knew he was stalling; he had to come clean.
‘Pat?’ he began, his back to her now.
‘What?’ she replied, leafing through some lever arch file.
‘About that girl you mentioned. The one across the road who sits by the stall in the corner over there,’ he said, gesturing towards Mister Albert although Spat was clearly only half listening. ‘Did you know that she keeps her beers in a barrel full of ice to keep them cool, and has more than one flavour of biscuit for sale?’
‘Really,’ she said as disinterested in the topic as she could possibly be.
‘And she has a grandmother who lives on Newport Street beside the old gas station,’ he said, recalling their first special evening together. ‘In a one-bedroom townhouse. Sweet lady.’
Spat looked up from her file and stared curiously at Dexter’s back as the Land Rover came to a halt right below the window by which he was standing. He recognised it as his own and curiously watched Victor emerge from the driver’s seat.
‘And how do you know so much about her?’ Spat asked now, something vaguely dawning on her from his tone, although the very notion of it seemed utterly preposterous.
Dexter watched as Victor opened the back door and took out a package of some sort. It appeared to be a basket.
‘Because, Pat, we’ve been …’
‘CAMILLA!’
The sudden roar was heard from Dexter’s room. It was followed by his bedroom door being burst open and Freda, dressed in Dexter’s best pair of pyjamas, running out into the living room and whooping in delight. She ran to the window, paying no attention whatsoever to Spat, whose jaw had quite literally dropped, and stood there beside Dexter.
‘She’s here,’ she said in absolute delight. ‘She’s here, Dexter. She’s here!’
She then squeezed his hand affectionately, ran to the door, bolted down the steps to the gate and out to Victor now holding a basket below on the street. Dexter stood rooted to the spot by the window, a feeling of loss and redundancy filling him up, his eyes firmly fixed on the basket. He heard Spat rise behind him and approach. He saw her in his peripheral vision looking down to the street below.
‘You better have a damn good explanation for all of this, Dexter,’ she said coldly.
Neither of them was too sure, but when the bewildered Victor finally handed the basket to Freda, both could swear that the little black pudgy face of a baby, wrapped in colourful African-woven material, was comfortably asleep inside, blissfully oblivious to the greater world that insidiously awaited her innocent charms.


Freda returned to the house, now clearly cradling a very young baby in her arms. Victor sheepishly carried the wicker basket behind her. Spat had taken her seat on the sofa in the front part of the living room and Dexter had obediently followed, opting for the armchair to her right. The armchair facing him was clearly reserved for Freda, while Victor hoped to shuffle around in the kitchen, his ears itching.
Spat had not said anything more to Dexter, and vice versa. Her reason was a combination of shock, so unadulterated and sudden that her silence bore the signature of post-traumatic stress disorder, and without question a deeply interesting curiosity to observe what chemistry could possibly exist between Dexter and this street urchin. The very thought of a strange woman, a local woman, a poor woman, was enough to set her off. Secondly, the fact that Dexter would be so underhanded about it, that they would sit through the morning’s meeting, a confidential meeting, with that girl probably eavesdropping in the other room, and him not even hinting at her presence in the house, compounded her anger. And head office would not be too happy when they heard about it, that was for sure; and they would hear about it. And then there was this baby. Who and what the hell was this baby doing now being carried through her front door as if some distant relative was showing it off to her, and what was her reaction to be? Her face felt suddenly flushed.
 Dexter’s mind was in such a similar whirl that he too had gone quiet and was grateful that Spat was not compounding his confusion any more. Freda’s behaviour yesterday on her return he put down to exhaustion; she certainly looked like she had been through a rough time which he had no doubt she had, but where did this baby now fit into that picture? She never mentioned she had a child. He would think it an important piece of information. And he could not help feel that if she kept this from him, perhaps she had kept many other crucial pieces of information hidden. The idea was depressing and making him feel rather ill in his stomach. What had he gotten himself into here? A crease formed on his brow as he rubbed the back of his neck. 
Victor closed the kitchen door behind him. 
‘Victor, out!’ Spat said without looking in the direction of the disappointed party. He placed the basket on the living room table and walked back to the door. ‘Funny,’ Spat added sarcastically. ‘I thought it was us you worked for Victor; I didn’t realise we were running a taxi service.’
Victor looked at the back of her head and screwed up his face. How he would love to kick that woman when she least expected it one day!
Noting loudly and clearly Spat’s tone, Freda made her way purposefully over to Dexter and handed him the baby.
‘Her name is Camilla,’ she said gently.
‘We figured that,’ Spat butted in, her arms and legs crossed tightly.
Dexter looked at Freda for a moment unsure quite how to respond. He then took the bundle, its subject now wide awake and gurgling, and thought immediately that the baby, no more than two months old, had stuck out her tongue at him. He did not remember having held a baby before, except to move them out of the way at feeding centres in refugee camps.
‘Are you her mother?’ Dexter asked awkwardly.
‘She’s not mine,’ Freda replied, a little surprised by the question. ‘She is my niece. My brother went missing some time ago from where we grew up in Tubmanburg in Bomi County. They say he has rejoined one of the rebel factions. That’s where I’ve been this past week. Camilla’s mother is mad with rage. She’s an ill woman anyway. Camilla’s not safe alone with her. I’ve taken her for her own protection; at least until her father returns.’
Dexter looked across at Spat, who stared him down. It was her turn to speak.
‘So tell me … Freda, isn’t it? … please, take a seat,’ pointing in the direction of the armchair to her left. Freda obediently sat. ‘Tell me about the baby again? Your brother is a rebel, right? A rebel,’ she repeated with emphasis. ‘And that child that Des is holding on his lap is his child that you kidnapped from her mother for her own safety?  Have I got it so far, Freda? Correct me if any of the details are wrong now, won’t you?’
Freda looked to Dexter whose eyes were on the baby.
‘And his wife is crazy? And I suppose everyone else in Tubmanburg is crazy too? You mean to tell me that there’s nobody else in the whole town who can mind the child? They’re all too distraught at your brother’s decision  to go back to war or whatever it was, is that it? Everyone is having sleepless nights but you it seems, who slept very soundly last night in this house, my house, without my knowledge, and now you’ve decided to grace us this morning with this bouncing baby girl. Is that it now, or have you any more surprises for us?’
Dexter was tempted to intervene; Spat’s irony, which seemed somewhat lost on Freda if her unaffected expression was anything to go by, was killing him. But another quick look from his boss decided him against it.
‘Spat,’ Freda began.
‘What did you call me?’ Spat asked incredulously.
Dexter looked at Freda quickly, raising his eyebrows.
‘Patricia, sorry,’ Freda corrected herself. ‘This baby …’
‘It’s not Patricia; it’s Pat,’ she said doggedly.
‘Is pat?’ Freda suggested tentatively.
‘Pat,’ she repeated behind her teeth. ‘It’s Pat!’
‘Well anyway,’ Freda continued, surprised by how personally Spat was taking her name. ‘This baby is in my care now. The people of Tubmanburg have their own problems; no one wants to take on a new mouth to feed when they don’t know where their own family’s next meal is coming from. She cannot survive without me. She’s been made an orphan by the circumstances of this war and I am her closest responsible living relative. She is family. You understand this surely. So Camilla is now my baby and Dexter is my husband.’
‘Wo-ho, Freda, wait there now! Let’s not overstate it,’ Dexter decided to interject.
Freda felt a sudden lump in the base of her stomach. She knew he was not like the other white men she had encountered in the past; she was sure of it in fact. She remembered a Frenchman by the name of François who had promised the world to the woman who had sold her the stall on Gibson Street, Edna Gbollie. She had lived it up for months, attending expat parties and throwing around money at Papa Romeo bar like some celebrity. But soon he was called off to some other spot, and she had heard little from him again. She witnessed firsthand how Edna suffered months of subsequent ridicule and rejection by her family members and friends: their prodigal sister, the one who had dared think herself better than the rest, had returned to the gutter where she belonged.
‘I am a good person,’ Freda continued. ‘I am not like those women who hang out at Papa Romeo bar. I love you, Dexter, and if my brother dies, I am keeping Camilla. I have been through too much with this baby this past week just to let her go. I am all she has in the world.’
A silence fell on the room.
‘Well I guess that’s you all sorted for life then, Des,’ Spat said as flippantly as she could muster.
‘Wait! Look, let’s all just slow down a bit,’ said Dexter, more to himself than anyone else in the room.
‘Right, so. And where do you propose to live?’ Spat asked next, looking at the baby on Dexter’s lap before turning to face Freda directly.
‘I wish to stay here with Dexter if he will have us. Don’t worry, I will bring Camilla to my grandmother some days. She is old but she has looked after many babies in her time. I will return here at night where it is safe and comfortable. This is what a young baby needs.’
Spat found Freda’s common sense frankness unsettling. ‘But this is our house, paid for by our organisation. This is my house as well as Dexter’s house,’ she heard herself say. The words sounded prickly to her, and at once a seemingly unconnected image was conjured up in her mind of an ex-gate guard, staring at her naked body as she stood in the hallway of their house, her towel having fallen limply to her feet, fresh from her shower. ‘This is our house,’ she repeated, this time with a strange, subtle hint of pleading.
Dexter knew that he had to make his move quickly before the moment was lost. He was, after all, a consenting adult and would not be told what he could and could not do in his own house. He stood up and walked over to Freda. He handed her the baby gently, now blowing bubbles and gurgling happily to herself. She smiled at the little face. He sat down on the arm of the chair and could swear the baby, Camilla, was pulling a face at him.
Spat looked at the threesome before her and felt numb. What could she do? At least Maurice would be arriving soon. He would have to sort it out, although she guessed that this was wishful thinking. She felt tricked. She stood up moodily and went to the bathroom, leaving them alone in the living room, where she stayed a full ten minutes staring at herself in the mirror. How could she throw a new-born baby out on the street? She had not become that heartless and hard over the years, surely?
An image of Mister Albert came briefly to mind again. Why did he have to persist in hanging around by the gate? Why did he have to see her bare breasts and all the rest of her natural glory that day in the hallway? How could she have thrown a glass of water in a seventy-eight year old man’s face? What kind of person would do such a thing?


After her dinner which she ate alone on the balcony looking out on the setting sun over the yard and the rooftops of Gibson Street, Spat retired to bed early. Ever since the morning’s debacle, she had felt in an unfamiliar mood, a thoughtful and philosophical one. She expected to feel angrier, a lot more outraged at being made to share her home with a virtual family who up to this morning she had not even realised existed. Up to this morning Freda was just another woman on a street selling her wares to survive and Des, her now gone-native colleague, was oddly under the impression he was actually doing some purposeful work. Now she had dependents of sorts, or that was how it felt to her this evening. How could Dexter have put her in such a position?
A guard-dog barked in the distance and sent shivers through her. What was she doing in Liberia at all? she wondered, and not for the first time. She had often thought of leaving the whole aid world far behind. But as the years passed by, that possibility had increasingly frightened her. She had become institutionalised and knew it. There was nothing much waiting for her back home – her brothers and sisters were all married and had their own lives; her parents were dead; her friends were few, and meeting up with them always proved awkward. She sensed that they resented her in some way. Their eyes glossed over when she told them stories of her experiences abroad on the wilder side of life. They preferred to talk about their children, about the increasing price of everything, or how their husbands had been eyeing up some new blonde who had moved in down the street, and other such drivel.
It was best not to think. It was best to remain detached, to trust her instincts, to draw a line in her head and not to question the effects that her decisions had on others. And after so many years, what else could she do and where else could she go?
She went to the bathroom at midnight to smooth her skin with some cold water and face-cream. Where had that idealistic, altruistic young aid worker gone? Where in all that time did she stop believing in it all? Too many assignments perhaps, too much theft, the day-to-day sluggish rigmarole of never-ending hardship, her house arrest in Freetown?
It was these thoughts that had Spat in such an unfamiliar mood, culminating in that awful revelation on that moonlit night in Monrovia that she had nowhere else to be in the world. She had been saddened by relationships so much in her time, that sadness had become an integral part of her. And on that night, the sound of that guard-dog distantly barking on United Nations Drive (no doubt to give sounder sleep to some of the nervier expats) was a chilling one.
There was nothing she could do now, but to bite her lip and wait for Maurice.
Maurice!
She never thought she’d be looking forward to seeing that bastard again.


That night in bed, with Camilla asleep on a rug and a mishmash of sheets on the floor, Freda and Dexter made love for the first time. It was an awkward affair, neither wanting to wake the baby, nor wishing to ruin their first moments of serious passion together. Her chocolate-brown skin was smooth to touch, her nipples were large, her bottom was well-rounded. The hair on his chest was a matter of amusement to her, but when he pretended to be hurt she laughed and told him that she loved it because it belonged to her man. Because it belonged to Dexter.
They spoke quietly in the dark for some time. Now she could answer his many questions, although he had forgotten most of them since the day before.
‘So who were the boys?’ he asked, when she brought up the topic of her abduction.
‘They were sent by my brother. He ordered them to take me back to Tubmanburg where I was made to promise to look after his baby.’
‘Your brother organised it?’ he asked in disbelief.
‘You don’t know my brother, Dexter. He’s not a man to be messed with. His wife …,’ Freda paused and frowned.
‘Don’t worry,’ Dexter consoled her. ‘You don’t have to say anymore. I don’t need to know.’
‘No, I want to. I want you to know. His wife was in the corner of their bedroom on the day that I saw her, badly bruised and screaming at me in what sounded like some voodoo tongue or other.’ She looked at Dexter. ‘She’s gone mad. Completely crazy.’
‘She sounds it.’
‘So I waited for a few days in Tubmanburg, obediently watching over Camilla but thinking all the time of you. I was so worried about you.’
He nodded, pleased with this.
‘I had to get back to Monrovia, and without delay. And then my chance came after dark one night when a passing friendly local NGO driver gladly gave me a lift back to the city with the poor baby screaming all the way.’
They both looked at the sleeping infant on the floor whose back was turned to them, her rump sticking out. For the briefest of moments, Dexter imagined that she was mooning him.
‘I made it to my grandmother’s house shortly before curfew. I stayed up all night, but poor Camilla was so confused.’
Dexter’s expression gave away his ignorance.
‘The sounds and smells. They’re different. Infants notice these things.’
‘Oh, I see,’ he said. How much he had to learn!
‘In the morning, I used the last of my remaining dollars to pay for food and clothing for her at the market. I left her sleeping with my grandmother, and then made it to your house. I was so tired, I just couldn’t explain it all. I’m sorry. You understand?’
‘Of course I do. Of course.’
‘We can stay here, can’t we Dexter? Camilla and me. Promise!’
‘Well I’ll try, Freda. My new boss man is coming this week. I think he’ll be fine with it. We’re old friends. But it’s the organisation, head office. They don’t like it. They don’t exactly approve.’
‘Of black women, you mean?’
‘No, no. Locals, relationships. It’s complicated.’
‘Complicated?’
‘Yes.’
‘Well at least promise me you’ll try. Please, Dexter.’
‘I will, I will,’ he said, and kissed her on the lips.
They remained in calm silence for some time, interrupted only by the sound of that damn dog barking in the distance, and soon Freda’s eyes closed. Moments later she was lightly snoring.
He lay on his back and stared at the cobweb on the ceiling he had noticed that morning. After some time, he saw a spider emerge and appear to remain for a while suspended to the one spot. And as he continued to stare, he imagined the spider was looking straight at him, reading his mind, a mind in a sea of change that could not begin to decipher what effect the past few hours might have caused. It had been a most unusual day to say the least. But a good one too, he suspected from somewhere deep. And tomorrow was tomorrow.
Now, as he lay there beside his woman – or women, he supposed – he felt contented for the first time in a long time. It was a wonderful feeling, this giddy machismo one. It felt so fresh to him, and so precariously on the brink of his control. 
This must be love, he thought at last, as the spider on the ceiling turned and scampered back to its dark lair. This must be love for sure.


7. Kate Livingstone


A man with a graying beard, weighing close to fifteen stone, exited a taxi at Dublin airport, one hour before his flight. He had a mild hangover from the night before drinking with a few of his old buddies from his days in Somalia and Rwanda. When they got together, they drank, and in the lightheaded haze they recounted their various adventures on the edge or in the middle of war on three continents. Only they could listen at length to each other’s stories, knowing how much each meant to the teller, and in their time they got to tell their own ones. It was a necessary catharsis.
They were a good bunch, Maurice thought to himself, as he collected his ticket to Monrovia, via London and Abidjan. It would take him two days, with a one-night stopover in the Grand Hotel if he was lucky. Flights into Monrovia were erratic at the best of times, but with the elections coming up, he knew it would be particularly problematic. He had stayed at the Grand Hotel before, one of Cote d’Ivoire’s better establishments. He recalled the comfortable restaurant, with an unusual tree growing through a table in the centre, on the few occasions he had spent time out of Freetown on R & R. But that was behind him. He was a freelancer now that they had called him back. He saw his new role as a kind of short-term consultancy. That suited him just fine; it meant he could spend more time with his sometimes-partner Jarka in Prague, a woman he had met on a UN scouting trip to North Korea some time back.
On the plane to Heathrow, he opened the country file in front of him. He saw photographs of Spat and Dexter. He reads their initial application forms where they had to say in less than a hundred words why they would like to work in the darkest hellholes on earth. Honestly! He was quite cynical of the unchanging, archaic practices of head office. He preferred to judge by his own instincts even though this had got him into trouble in the past.
His reputation had been cemented whilst working in a remote village in Somalia, cut off from the main road in a time of heavy fighting. Maurice had seen the village donkeys come down the mountain with a single young man who was selling the village wares and returning with meagre supplies. The young man had reported many fatalities and much malnutrition. But the journey was next to impossible. Only a helicopter could reach it, or, as it dawned on Maurice, scanning the scene as meticulously as ever, a donkey. Why not strap supplies to the donkeys? Why not put blankets on them, and cooking pots, and tarpaulin?
When the story reached head office, it was frowned upon, although some were secretly impressed with his initiative. Those who had never liked him, who had thought him too gung-ho, accused him officially in meetings of being an unnecessary risk-taker. What if that young man with the donkeys was never seen again? Or worked for a militia? How could they be sure the supplies ever got to their targeted destination?
There had been numerous consultations on the topic by satellite phone, but he had persisted using his own unique method and it seemed to be working out. So they started going easy on him, simply referring to him as ‘Mad Maurice McDonald’. It did not sit well with everyone, most notably those whom he had crossed in the past, but he had a cool head in a crisis and that was why they had called him back. And doubled his salary for a three-month stint in a city he had been to fleetingly only twice.
In Sierra Leone he had managed, among other projects, a protection and rehabilitation centre for street kids where art, music, and sport were used for therapy. It was a good project and doing much to protect the vulnerable children he saw on the streets of Freetown every day. Then one day head office just decided to end its funding of the program. They had spun him some bull about tighter margins, and he had immediately got on the phone in a fury at the decision. How many projects had he seen where money was so blatantly squandered? And here, a program that was up-and-running and working perfectly well was for the chop.
When head office subsequently informed him that he would be moving more into the area of capacity building projects, he had decided enough was enough and told them he was off to Prague, and that they knew how to contact him if they wanted him. He booked a flight the following day to Amsterdam and made his way by train to Prague. Jarka Reichertova was always happy to see her Irish friend and lover. She lived alone in an ex-soviet high-rise flat in Mitchelski on the outskirts of the city, an unfashionable but functioning neighbourhood.
But Africa was never far from his thoughts. He was a man amongst men over there. He treated it as if it were his birthplace and the local customs his birthright. He could not do anything else with his life and, besides, he was not yet weary of being homeless. He hid whatever doubts he had, which manifested themselves occasionally in conversation, with dramatic and amusing tales but he was not sure anymore which stories were true and which were the ones he had heard or the ones he had exaggerated so much that they were now as good as made up. But they were rarely doubted; he told them so convincingly and had the reputation to do just about anything imaginable. He often proudly claimed to have a knack for dodging bullets; it was in his blood.
As he looked at his return-flight ticket, when his dinner of dry beef and soggy vegetables was completed and the airhostesses smiled as they closed the curtains by the window seats, he wondered if he would need a return flight at all. He doubted any of them would. Charles Taylor would not accept defeat. It was him as their president or a return to civil war. And how quickly the country would change under their new despot! He had seen it many times before. The situation had evacuation written all over it, and Maurice was keen to get in. The place would be flooded with journalists and reporters. It might even prove to be a good opportunity to get his name in the media again.
He recalled one occasion in the shower cubicle at K-9, comprising of a bucket of cold water with holes in the bottom and suspended by a rope, when Tom Sheridan, his Irish army security man on site, had shouted to him across the compound that the BBC World Service was about to go live on air and wanted to ask him a few questions. Maurice dropped his towel and ran, stark naked and dripping with suds, to talk to some grand female voice from London. It was broadcast later that night; everyone at K-9 gathered around their shortwave radios, amused and impressed to hear their hairy naked boss speak so eloquently.
He looked out the aeroplane window at the sunset and yawned. It would be good to see Des again. Maybe even Patricia too, he hoped.
In the file on his lap there was an article on the complex election monitoring process for the upcoming elections. He read:

The electoral process will be organised and conducted by the Liberian Independent Elections Commission, with the assistance of UNOMIL, ECOMOG, the European Union (EU) and the International Foundation for Electoral Systems. States members of ECOWAS, OAU, UNDP, donor countries and the Liberian Council of State will provide the material and technical assistance. The Joint Electoral Coordination Mechanism of ECOWAS and the United Nations will seek to assist in the harmonization of electoral preparations. The Joint Mechanism will have regular meetings with the Independent Elections Commission and key operational actors in order to ensure that operational requirements are met. The United Nations and ECOWAS will jointly certify the voter registration and the election results through the Joint Mechanism. 

Just reading it exhausted Maurice. His eyes blurred. Too much interference. Too many cooks. He knew he should read the report in full, even twice, but he was too tired for that nonsense right now.
The airhostess offered him a pillow and flashed a perfect set of white teeth. He looked at her from behind as she walked away down the aisle. He had slipped into middle age, suddenly and ungracefully, when his back was turned. Since when had time started speeding up on him so rapidly? Where had all the years gone?
He closed his eyes and thought about Tanzania. In the early months, on Maurice’s first mission there in 1994, they had only a skeleton staff and were hugely unprepared for the sheer number of bodies arriving into the camp hourly from the Rwandan border. But they had worked well as a team, reducing, by their speed and efficiency, the risk of cholera outbreak.
On a visit to the border one day, he had watched in amazement from his end of the bridge as thousands of panicked refugees were descending like locusts down the hills on the far side. It was a truly phenomenal sight, but a disturbing one. He recalled how the limbs of dead bodies were flowing down the river beneath the rope bridge that served as the border crossing. People’s remains were being dumped upstream.
Suddenly a distant but distinct sound of rumbling engines approaching could be heard and everyone and everything paused and was silent. The sounds became clearer. The people scrambled, scattering into the trees, some diving ignorantly into the river, obviously unaware of the raging rapids a little further downstream.
He waited for a while before crossing the bridge, something he should never have done; it was still an international border, despite the chaos.
Soon within his sights, he saw several vehicles emerging over a hill. A patrol of soldiers were singing loudly and whistling songs for battle. He stood in the middle of the road and watched them come towards him slowly and halt. The soldiers were disciplined enough, he remembered.
‘Cigarette?’ the commanding officer had offered, holding out a pack.
‘Sure,’ Maurice accepted. ‘Drink?’ he offered in return, taking out and unscrewing the lid of his hip flask.
The soldier sniffed dubiously.
‘Whiskey,’ Maurice prompted. ‘To warm the cockles.’
‘Cockles?’ the soldier asked, saying something in his local tongue to his soldiers that made them laugh. ‘What is cockles?’
‘Cockles …’ Maurice began and then paused. ‘I’m not sure. I never thought about it before. It’s an Irish expression.’
‘Ah, Irish,’ the soldier said, now smiling broadly for the first time. ‘Ireland. You like the IRA?’
 ‘Only when it suits,’ Maurice replied, afraid there might be a right or wrong answer to the question.
‘I like the IRA,’ the soldier continued. ‘Strong soldiers. Like us, yes?’
‘I guess,’ Maurice said, looking at his hip flask that the soldier was now offering generously to his men.
‘So, tell me, Irish. We have some business here with friends of ours who think we are not so happy to see them. You understand, I’m sure,’ he said, eyeing Maurice carefully. ‘Have you seen any of our friends by any chance? Some say they have been making for the border crossing over there,’ he said, pointing to the rope bridge into Tanzania.
‘I’ve seen them alright.’
The soldier looked suddenly alert. ‘Where, my friend, where?’
‘Down there,’ Maurice replied, pointing to two contorted corpses wedged in among the rocks and reeds by the bank.
‘Ah,’ the soldier muttered uncomfortably. ‘War is a terrible thing, you know.’
‘I know,’ Maurice said. ‘I’ve seen what the IRA can do.’
The soldier frowned.
‘Nipe chupa!’ he barked at his men, one of whom quickly handed Maurice back his now-empty hip flask. ‘Whiskey for the cocks,’ he said. ‘Good to make us forget.’ The soldier then gave him a friendly pat on the shoulder, barked another order at his men and they departed. 
‘Thanks for the cigarette,’ Maurice said when they were gone, shaking his empty hip flask. He waited for some time, unsure of what to do next. At last he decided to climb to the top of the hill in the distance over which the patrol had disappeared. And it was at this very ridge, once his eyes had adjusted to the dazzling sunlight, that a sight came slowly into focus before him, that made him wretch. Massacred bodies, some still struggling with life, lay on either side of the road. It was his first witness of genocide, and that indelible image still woke him up sometimes in the middle of the night.
Two years later when he returned to K-9, he was dumbfounded by all the changes. How quickly the international community could adapt to hardship, he thought, not without some irony. He could hardly recognise his old corner of the compound where he had once slept under a makeshift tent. There was a row of sturdy pit-latrines there now. And on the evening of his return, the Italians at the K-11 compound invited them over for a showing of The Rocky Horror Picture Show on a screen their organisation had flown in from Nairobi. On another night, they showed some Mozart opera to their more cultured guests, and only down the road, militias were training young boys the skills of war in the camps by night. The hard drinking had not changed though, Maurice noticed, which suited him just fine. Des too was among them by then, in their self-titled Hard Rock Café, Ngara, breaking the limbo dancing record by a good five centimetres.
Maurice was glad to have Des in Monrovia. He was a good man to have in an emergency. He would never forget the day his young companion had gotten trapped at one of the food distribution points in the camp, when the refugees started hacking down the Rubb Halls to loot, not the food, but the sacks in which the maize and pulses were stored. They needed the bags to bring their possessions home and for this reason food was being dumped in piles all along the sides of the long road home. It was the most perfect example of practical economics – supply and demand – he had ever witnessed.
Maurice recalled how he had had to shout down the radio at Des to get himself out of Lumasi camp immediately. But Des would not leave the camp without collecting their local staff – Tanzanians with no better reason for remaining there than he. Maurice was cross at Des’s blatant disregard of his order, but was also impressed by the younger man’s quick thinking and calm head when the chips were down. Maurice recognised at that point that he was his kind of aid worker, and when Lumasi camp finally closed, he had recommended him strongly for the logistics vacancy that arose in Monrovia, thanks to Patricia’s arrangement with some Irish priests she had met there to do some actual work for a change.
He knew Patricia since his days in Somalia and of course his dealings with her as her regional boss while he was stationed in Sierra Leone. He had tried to sleep with almost every woman in the Mogadishu operation with a fair degree of success. But he had been slow to approach Patricia, not because she was unattractive, but because she always seemed to frown at his antics and show disinterest in his charms.
And then one night over drinks after a stressful day, Patricia and he were left alone talking into the early hours. They had spoken about failed relationships and he had been surprised at how many men she admitted to having been with in the past. They kissed that night, before going their separate ways to bed on Patricia’s insistence. It could have been the start of something, he often thought, had she not been so prudish that night. A week later a young female aid worker showed up, fresh from home, and Maurice could not resist. He regretted it though; she turned out in the end to be some Christian do-gooder whom he quickly dropped. It had never been the same again between him and Patricia. She had kept her distance and became cold.
He knew Patricia was a good administrator though, efficient and knowledgeable. She would take care of all that office work that he so detested while Des would keep his eyes and ears open in Bomi County. Maurice would secure the perimeter of their house on Gibson Street and prepare for their likely evacuation: routes and maps, torches, radios, handsets, satellite phones. But most importantly he had to liaise with other organisation heads and UN personnel if they were to stand a chance of escape. The ABC method of Embassy evacuation (Americans first, then British, and finally Canadians) left little room for the Irish. They would have to be accepted as British citizens, and he was to make sure of that before July 19.
He hoped they would be pleased to see him. He had brought whiskey and chocolate and daily newspapers from Ireland as gifts. He knew how much these home comforts meant to the expat. He would act professionally on this one he promised himself, as he rested his head and his eyes began to close. He would listen to Patricia’s advice. He would bring Des out for a rake of beers. And then he would set to work on his plan to get them all out of Monrovia in one piece.


While Maurice was sleeping thirty thousand feet above the sahara desert, another plane was sitting, waiting to depart for Cote d’Ivoire. Twenty-two election monitors were less than pleased with the delay and were not at all reticent about fussing and creating a stink. They were a source of quiet resentment to fellow travelers, who stared disapprovingly in their direction. Some tried to skip queues in the Duty Free shop, making themselves acquainted with strangers further up the line. In the airport lounge, they absolutely insisted that a US news channel be put on the big screen, despite the protests from some families with children who were watching a wildlife documentary about cheetahs. And on the plane it was no different: the airhostess was too slow to attend them after they pressed their overhead buttons, though it was perfectly obvious the poor lady was run off her feet, and altogether the whole journey was taking far too long.
Only Mister Wayne Bland (a Knoxville, Tennesse divorce lawyer by trade, but a lawyer nonetheless) of the whole party, had ever even been to the continent of Africa before. This was a fact he liked to remind the other monitors of regularly. He had worked for a short time as a student with a local NGO in Malawi, whose office staff prayed on their knees each morning for a safe passage and their daily bread. He had applied when his pastor returned from a trip and spoke so eloquently of the hardships befalling the poor blacks of Africa. Young, educated men were needed to volunteer to help out with whatever skills they could offer. Bland was studying for his undergraduate diploma, had the summer recess to spare and so applied and was sent to keep an eye on the project funds, a job that rarely got him out of the office. He had had to pay his own airfare but they had looked after his needs once there, as best they could.
‘Strange business,’ he explained to the rather austere-looking woman trying to sleep in the aisle seat beside him. ‘Hard to pin down.’
She hoped he would stop talking soon.
‘We sell them arms and train them to make war. Then we arrive to help them form a democracy that suits our interests perfectly. And they’re so dumb they go for it.’
‘How terrible!’ she said, turning her shoulder when the opportunity arose, and putting the blanket up to her chin. She closed her eyes for most of the rest of the flight.
He sat uneasily for some time, eager to do something with his hands. If only he had spent those ten dollars in his pocket on a decent magazine, he would not feel so distracted. He pressed the button overhead to call the airhostess who arrived at least five minutes later.
‘What took you so long?’ he snapped.
‘Sorry sir,’ the airhostess replied. ‘Busy night. Now, how can I help you?’
‘Oh forget it. It’s too late now,’ he said crossly.
It was morning when the runway was spotted, an island among the tropical treetops. It was breathtaking. The airport was busy with every sort of missionary, mercenary, and misfit in the game: aid workers, journalists, UN officials, and election monitors, all trying to get through a scrum of bodies eager for bribes to release their luggage, and the inevitable arguments arose concerning adequate tip money for the insistent baggage handlers.
Everything and everyone was abuzz in Abidjan, Cote d’Ivoire, now that the circus had come to town.


Kate Livingstone loved both her job and her family and there was nothing wrong with that. The problem was that she loved them in that respective order. Bill, her husband, was such a thoughtful man, really. He never failed to telephone her when she was sent off to cover some story abroad, and he reassured her over the phone that all was fine at home.
She had been in the toughest spots of the ’90s: Somalia, Bosnia, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, and now Liberia. Her recognition as a useful correspondent came after she had secured an exclusive interview with Arkan, a Serb associated with genocidal massacres, during the Serb-Croat conflict. It was a world exclusive and had earned her a promotion. Now she was one of the first to be called on in a serious crisis.
When the children were at school and her husband was at work, all she could think of was being back in the field. It was where she now belonged. She loitered in her kitchen waiting impatiently for the call to her next assignment. She had been lucky enough though; Bill had been most supportive and patient throughout the years.
‘You’re changing the world,’ he told her and various other phrases to that effect, when they talked openly sometimes about their very different lives, usually in the relaxing silence after making love. But she was growing weary of playing housewife and mother. She bored of their talk over breakfast and dinner, and when Bill tried to show off his knowledge of world affairs, he only proved how ignorant he was about everything. When she looked at him for prolonged periods of time now, as he snored loudly beside her in bed, she wondered what she had ever seen in him.
And then there was Melissa, her sixteen-year-old daughter, who assumed the right to talk back to her constantly. ‘Why can’t you be here for just one school event in the year?’ she shouted at her once behind her locked bedroom door, when Kate had broken yet another promise. ‘What kind of mother are you?’
‘It’s complicated, Melissa. I don’t decide when wars break out.’
‘But you choose to do it,’ she replied angrily. ‘You love it more than us.’
‘That’s not true,’ she lied poorly.
‘My friends at school think you’re dead or something; just a figment of my imagination. The teachers think it too.’ Kate could hear the emotion welling.
‘Melissa, love. Open the door!’
‘Oh just go away!’ she shouted. ‘Just go away like you always do!’
Kate hoped it was a phase. She could not bear to have to put up with that for the rest of her days.
Sebastian, her son, had grown increasing introverted, saying little to anyone most of the time, but Kate liked him the most. She brought him up a sandwich and a glass of milk when she got the chance, and sometimes he opened up, telling her briefly of how his studies were going and what he wanted to do with his life. The last time she was home, he had joined a rock band and had spent all his savings on ridiculously large amplifiers, which he did not appear to know how to use when she asked him to demonstrate.
Kate suspected in her heart that she was mostly responsible for the way her children had turned out. They had never been close, she decided, not like other families. She had had them too young. Maybe that was it.
All she remembered of her short courtship with Bill, who was seven years and a different generation her senior, was how homely and fatherly he looked. He had reminded her of her own deceased father and she had thought at the time how nice it would be for her own children to have a father like that. It was on this basis that she had agreed to move into his apartment so impulsively, followed shortly by a holiday to Eastbourne where he had proposed on one knee in the sand on the happiest day of her life.
She had had Melissa nine months after their wedding, and Sebastian a year later. But she had managed nonetheless to find freelance work for a time, mainly running errands for busy sub-editors when the children were young, which gave her some spare evenings to help them out with their homework.
And then her chance came in ’92 when she was commissioned by a regional newspaper to write a series of articles about the ousted Somali president Siad Barre; it was the opportunity she had been waiting for, and before she knew it, she had kissed her husband, children, and life’s monotonous routine goodbye.
It had been a rough assignment, but she had been fortunate enough. She had met a good bunch of people over there. One organisation in particular, led by an Irishman called Maurice, had offered to keep her at their compound for her own protection, an offer she had gladly accepted. Their conversations over dinner had provided her with plenty of newsworthy stories and her editor was most pleased with her growing success.
But the experience had changed her, and there was little she could do, or indeed wanted to do, to change that fact. When she returned home six weeks later, she had found it difficult to listen to Melissa and Sebastian’s complaints. In truth, she had felt it hard to take anything in her domestic life seriously. Their problems were small ones and made them sound spoilt. Even her oldest friends began to seem superficial to her, so much that to stay in their company for any length of time proved irritating. She would often leave them early in a feigned rush to be somewhere else, saying they would have to do it again soon.
She had felt she was living a double life. On the one hand, risking her neck chasing interviews with the most undesirable people in the scariest places on earth, and on the other, worrying about forgetting to put the bins out again, or whose turn it was on the weekly school run.
By the time Bosnia blew, she was working for a national newspaper, eager to cover a war close enough to home.
Bill had sat on Melissa’s bed on the night Kate left. He rubbed her hair as she tried to sleep like he used to do when she was a child, and she did not object.
‘Mum’s changing the world, Melissa,’ he said softly.
‘She changing alright,’ Melissa replied bluntly.
It wasn’t long before they saw her on the BBC news. Once she was riding into northern Rwanda on an RPF tank. On another occasion, she was interviewing Foday Sankoh in Sierra Leone in the most dangerous of his rebel-held territories.
And it was that very interview that was now going through Kate’s mind as she straightened her blouse in the mirror of her room on the second floor of the Grand Hotel in Abidjan. She was dressing for dinner. Downstairs, she was likely to recognise a few people in the business, all flooding into Monrovia in expectation of a post-election bloodbath, and she needed to look her best.
As she left the room, she remembered her bag and returned to catch one last look at herself in the mirror. She examined the made-up face that stared back. It was a determined and purposeful face, hungry for a story to tell the world, ambitious to the end. Only she knew of the wrinkles and worry lines that lay beneath the war paint, the scars that could never be left behind.


Maurice entered the lobby, now washed and changed, and made his way to the hotel dining room via the reception area where there was much commotion. Kaplan, the hotel manager, was scolding the porter for something he had or had not done. He was slapping his ears. Maurice watched, quite amused by the show. When Kaplan became aware of Maurice’s presence, he shouted something in French at the porter who scampered away hurriedly, his head bowed submissively.
‘Rough night, eh?’ Maurice said, placing his room key on the counter.
‘I am sorry, so sorry sir! Je m’excuse!’ he replied, and looked towards the dining room where the election monitors were loud and most upset about everything.
 ‘Unhappy campers,’ Maurice prompted, pointing towards the dining room door.
‘You are right, sir. They say their drinking water is warm and their coffee is too bitter. And that stupid porter; he brings bags to the wrong rooms, and I am always the one to get blamed. I do not get paid enough for this.’
‘Don’t worry; they should be out of your hair by the end of the week.’
Kaplan nodded. He just wanted to go home to his bed.
Sitting at the bar of the restaurant was Kate, a scotch and soda in her hand and a copy of Time magazine open on the counter. The article was about Foday Sankoh’s most recent atrocities in Sierra Leone, a subject close to her heart. Having proven direct links between Foday Sankoh and Charles Taylor in their joint bid to take control of the diamond mines in the region, the most lucrative business in West Africa, she had had to leave Sierra Leone prematurely when the death threats got too many.
Now she was chancing Liberia, where shortly the fate of Charles Taylor would be known. Could the people really allow such a warlord to be elected? It seemed hard to believe, but not beyond possibility considering all the money he had spent on self-promotion. Billboards with his face and full name: Charles Ghankay Taylor (the ‘Ghankay’ to appeal to the indigenous majority, the non Americo-Liberians in the country) were everywhere. Who could contest only the UN’s own Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf? She would soon declare herself a candidate. She had better hurry up, thought Kate.
All of a sudden she felt a rough prod in her lower back and turned to see a bearded, middle-aged man smiling widely in recognition. She looked at him for a moment. Where was it she had seen those eyes before? It was only when he laughed in his inimitable booming way, that Somalia came to mind.
‘Maurice!’ she exclaimed, genuinely pleased to see a familiar face.
‘How the hell’ve you been?’ he asked in mutual excitement, pulling up a bar stool beside her. ‘And what are you having to drink?’
The barman made her a double scotch with ice and a splash of soda. Maurice had the same. It was not long until they were deep in conversation, neither one for life’s small talk.
‘I’ve been reading some of your work. Some interesting analyses. Got the Arkan interview I remember. Impressive!’
She allowed herself be flattered by compliments; they vindicated her life’s choices. She blushed slightly.
‘Read one of your short pieces on the state of Rwandan detention centres, though. Didn’t think much of that one,’ he added bluntly.
She remembered Maurice’s sense of humour vividly now. ‘I see you haven’t changed,’ she said sarcastically. ‘Still hairy and plump.’
‘My dear Kate,’ he said laughing. ‘You could have at least left a goodbye note from Mogadishu.’
‘Aw, Maurice, sweety, if I only knew you cared,’ she said smiling, lifting her glass to her lips.
‘Wait – a toast!’ he suggested. ‘To the past, and to hell with all its baggage!’ They clinked glasses, most pleased to be in one another’s company again.
‘So who are you supposed to be these days?’ she asked.
‘Consultant Security Adviser Maurice McDonald esquire,’ he said, with an inflated sense of mock-bravado. ‘Regional security adviser to one of the lesser known NGOs in Monrovia. Out to ensure we all make it home alive with all our faculties – that’s t-i-e-s – intact, no matter what, and you can quote me on that.’
‘Very brave, but I’m not here covering your lazy backside,’ she said. After a moment’s pause, she added: ‘And how do you intend getting everyone out exactly, Mister Security Esquire?’
‘Maybe Embassy by helicopter or the port by boat. Up country on donkeys, if needs be.’
‘I don’t think there are any donkeys in Liberia,’ she said. ‘They use the ABC method of evacuation in these parts, you know. And that means you’re probably screwed.’
‘We’re British when we want to be, Miss Livingstone,’ he said with a wink, then took a long sip of his drink and ordered two more. It was good whiskey. ‘So what about you? What’s dragging you back?’
‘I’m digging up a story on that missing UN man. Maybe find out who’s behind it. His absence is causing quite a stir in high places.’
‘Maybe you’ll even find him yourself.’
‘Now that would be a coup,’ she laughed.
Across from them in the restaurant, the majority of the election monitors were seated at a long table with a tree growing impressively through its centre. It could very well have been a nice conversation piece if they had had the mind to stop scrambling over one another to be next to complain, like the pack of ill-behaved pups that they were.


Wayne Bland had spent so long getting ready for dinner, that by the time he arrived in the dining room, there was no room at the main election monitors’ table. He was quietly cross that they did not reserve a seat for him considering he had worked in Africa before and they had not.
He stood around for a while, looking at a truly international group of people. There were many languages being spoken. In the corner he saw a western-looking couple engaged in deep conversation. He walked over and asked if anyone was expected at their table. He then pulled up a chair and said in his most charming way: ‘Good evening. I’m Wayne Bland.’
‘Yeah, you look it,’ Maurice said instinctively, and Kate smirked.
‘I’m sorry?’ he said, unsure what this man could possibly mean.
‘Take a seat,’ Kate said laughing. ‘Don’t mind him!’
Wayne sat uncomfortably, while Maurice and Kate continued their disagreement over a detail in a recent UN report on the possible reformation of one of the rebel factions in Bomi County, and the subsequent UN man’s kidnapping. Kate argued it was Charles Taylor’s doing, holding the international community to ransom. Maurice was convinced the threat came from elsewhere.
‘Taylor’s no fool,’ he argued. ‘The Liberian people are increasingly coming around to seeing him as a worthy chief, and he knows it well. All he has to do is sit tight now and avoid assassination.’
‘It’s not a foregone conclusion, Maurice. Johnson-Sirleaf’s about to declare herself a candidate,’ Kate remarked.
‘She beat you to it, Kate. She declared herself this morning,’ he said, pleased with being the one to tell her.
‘Oh marvelous! Well then!’
‘She doesn’t stand a chance, believe me. Not a chance in hell. Taylor would eat her for breakfast.’
Wayne listened intently.
‘And I don’t buy your Taylor theory regarding that UN kidnapping either,’ Maurice affirmed strongly. ‘There are plenty of interested parties, international ones too, who don’t want peace right now in Liberia. You mark my words. The conditions are wrong, and they can never be seen to work with a warlord of Taylor’s reputation.’
‘Well then, who do you think is responsible?’ Kate asked. She had a healthy respect for Maurice’s point of view. He had been the source of a number of well-received articles she had written from Mogadishu.
‘It could be any one of a number of factions, and the kidnapping made to seem like Taylor’s doing.’
The waiter arrived with two large platters of barbequed fish with quartered lemons and chillies. It was just what they needed at this point of the evening. Maurice offered Kate some of his bread and she shared her salad. Wayne looked on, licking his lips. He would have the same.
He watched as they picked at the fish with their fingers and laughed at each other’s sometimes crude stories. They were not the most mannerly people Bland had ever set eyes on before, but he listened to every word of their conversation nonetheless. He listened as they returned to the topic of Liberia, once or twice having to stop himself from interrupting them to clarify a point he did not quite grasp. He wondered how he would ever get his head around the sheer quantity of technical jargon that went with the territory. He was hearing acronyms and buzz words: JPO, ULIMO, ECOMOG, OCTOPUS, and was beginning to wonder if his rather brisk job brief in New York had been somewhat carelessly carried out.
His job, a well-paid one by most people’s standards, was to ensure that voters’ boxes did not end up in the sea, and that anyone who approached a voting centre was permitted to cast their vote. He knew there were others among his group of twenty-two who had more important roles to play than him, but he was pleased that his was straightforward and in this way he did not have to worry too much. He would do exactly what he was told and it would look good for future job prospects. Divorce law could be so tedious.
When Kate went to the bathroom to freshen up, Maurice looked at him properly for the first time. ‘Haven’t seen each other in some time,’ he said pointing at Kate’s empty chair, and offered to shake Bland’s hand. It was not long before Bland was in free-flowing monologue that at first amused Maurice and then whetted his appetite for some cheap fun at Bland’s expense. The idea of humiliating this boy scout in front of Kate when she returned began to excite him so much that he insisted on buying his new friend a soft drink (Bland did not approve of alcohol) and two more double scotch and sodas.
‘Scary place Liberia,’ Wayne was explaining when Kate retook her seat. ‘I read all about it in a magazine …’
‘Magazine?’ Maurice interrupted and stared at Kate, a cheeky smile forming on his lips.
‘Volunteers Abroad. Some article about a guy who stayed upcountry one night when it got too late to return to the city. It was dark and there was a threat of banditry on the road. The rats and mosquitoes kept him up all night. And then he describes some awful ritual thing …’
Maurice winked at his female companion, who looked instead to Wayne to finish his story.
‘He heard noises in the surrounding trees. It must have been the early hours of the morning. It sounded to him at first like a bird call and then low, chanting voices,’ he said, and paused to take a quick sip of his soda. 
‘Juju,’ Maurice said.
‘Jew-what?’ Bland asked, screwing up his face.
‘Juju. Voodoo, witchcraft.’
Bland stared hard at him.
‘I’ve seen the ugly dolls on the beach in the morning,’ Maurice said nonchalantly. ‘And dead birds mutilated. I’ve seen it and it’s bad news let me tell you. Those guys eat Christians for dinner. They can smell them. Human sacrifices, you know. I hope you’re not a man of God!’
Kate smiled, looking down at the table.
‘Oh, you are?’ he continued. ‘I didn’t realise. Well, you better watch it so. They can tell the Christians from the non-Christians out there easily, you know.’
‘How?’ Bright asked, his eyes wide and his attention fixed.
‘Because Christians like you go around with fucking halos on your head, you dim-witted cowboy!’
Kate and Maurice guffawed with laughter, looking at Wayne as if he were some kind of slow kid in class. 
‘How dare you!’ he said in outrage.
‘Jesus Christ,’ Maurice retorted once their amusement had abated somewhat. ‘I’m only joking. What a whiner!’
‘And I don’t care for your use of the Lord’s name in vain either.’
‘Oh! Oh, right, I get it,’ Maurice said. They had had their laugh at his expense. It was now time to be rid of him. ‘Let me take a wild guess. You’re one of these blow-in types who gets paid a ridiculous sum of money to stand around and get in the way just so the world can see that democracy is taking place. Have you any idea of how meaningless your presence is right now in the region? You’re a variable; nothing more!’
Wayne stared at him crossly. ‘I’m here with colleagues to monitor the elections to safeguard the place. It’s an important job!’
‘So you’re going to save the world. Is that it? Let me tell you something for nothing, Master Bland. It was you guys, missionary types, who caused this mess in the first place. Fantasy tales and crucifixes! They divided the people, then conquered them. You named their local doctors ‘Devils’, and then dismissed them. You guys were the ones who caused all this bloody mess in the first place with all your interference. You spooked them all into madness. So let’s just hope there’s no trouble at your station next week or they’ll skin your pansy ass alive.’
Wayne stood up suddenly in a gesture of grave effrontery. He stared at this strange couple for a moment and then walked as casually out of the restaurant as he could manage and back to the sanctuary of his room. 
What the hell? he shouted at the mirror in his bathroom as the perspiration rolled down his bare back. He had never felt so belittled in all his life. ‘How dare they!’ he growled on his bed some time later, punching his pillow. He was beginning to wonder if his choice to return to this part of the world was a wise one after all.
‘Dickhead!’ Maurice said, after Wayne had departed.
‘You were a little harsh.’
 ‘Ah, people like him deserve it. Bleeding hearts! I’m sick of them. He won’t last one minute. He should have stayed at home.’
‘Let’s hope that’s not true of us all,’ Kate said, staring hard and long at the remains of her drink.


When she got out of the shower in her hotel room, she stood in front of the full-length mirror and looked at her naked body. She examined her curves. She gently rubbed her stretch marks and all the other scars that her body had accumulated in its battle against age and the midday sun, and for the first time in a long time, she did not mind. She was still beautiful; even, it seemed, desirable.
Outside in the dimly-lit bedroom, Maurice lay naked on her bed, full of excited anticipation. He was watching the door. When she emerged, he noticed that she had let her hair down, and that her tough, professional face had somehow been transformed. He stared at her as she walked towards him and he liked what he saw.
They lay down next to each other and their naked bodies touched. Her skin was warm and tender. And as Maurice began busily exploring the terrain of her body, Kate was thinking of how wonderful it felt to be truly wanted again. Images of Bill and the kids briefly came to mind, but she suppressed them with surprising ease. How could she be judged from such a distance?
When Maurice eventually turned his hairy back towards her and muffled ‘thanks’ in the dark, she felt a weight lifted and no sense of guilt whatsoever; not even the slightest of qualms.
How could Bill ever compete with a man like Maurice? How could she ever have married him in the first place? He had never understood her. She was a different breed, part of the greater circus, and now just another one of the many misfits en route to Monrovia.


8. Maurice McDonald


A few days after Freda moved into the house on Gibson Street, Spat was acting most out of character in the office. She seemed to want to engage everyone in conversation, spending longer out of her inner sanctum and more time on the main floor where Dexter, Martha, and Chamblah had their work stations. On any other day, the guards and drivers would have come and gone, stopping to have a laugh with Dexter who liked to imitate Spat behind her back. It passed the long afternoons well. But today it was different; with Spat on the main office floor, the staff were on their guard. 
Martha, the secretary, a charming girl by most people’s reckoning, was dropped off to work every morning by a rather austere-looking man in an old Grenada. Once perhaps it was a fine model, but this one had definitely had its day. He wore an excessive amount of garish jewelry, Dexter noticed, mostly around his neck, and once he had stared at Dexter from his car for a full five minutes on the street after work, when Dexter was giving Martha some instructions for the following morning; he could see him clearly in his peripheral vision, and then later when driving away the man continued to eyeball him in his wing mirror. Dexter never asked questions of Martha any more about her life outside of the office, not because he was uninterested, but because on one occasion when he had asked her if the man in the car was her partner, she had smiled sadly and hardly spoke for the rest of the day. Dexter could only speculate.
Chamblah was a chubby, pleasant girl, who doted on her boss man. He was handsome, she thought, and very generous. He gave her money quietly once when Spat had refused to give her the advance she needed to pay for her daughter’s school fees and uniform. And he showed up too on the morning of the school’s opening ceremony. He was given the place of honour beside the school principal on a comfortable but ragged settee. His white face caused quite a buzz that day. She would never have been able to afford the fees on her modest salary, and she had made sure everyone on the street knew about it; everyone but Spat, that is. And when he imitated that unpleasant woman behind her back, Chamblah was the one who laughed the loudest and the longest.
Today they were all confused by Spat’s behaviour. What was she up to? Why was she disrupting this perfectly-knitted group, when she should, by now, know her place? Surely she was not trying to ingratiate herself suddenly with everyone? She was not like them. She was older and stricter about things, and everything seemed a problem to her. Dexter wondered cynically if her strange behaviour had something to do with Maurice’s imminent arrival, seeking to gain popularity points perhaps, to make herself look good.
All the same, as much as it hurt him to admit it, Dexter could see that she had a decent side too. He remembered the first time he had tried to change money on the black market without the help of Victor. He was slipped a phoney hundred-dollar bill in exchange for a wad of local currency. But Spat did not make a big deal about that. She refunded him the money and hid the error in the budget somewhere. That was decent. And sometimes at night, when they watched a movie together, mainly in silence, there was a sense of okay between them. He could not pinpoint exactly where it had all gone wrong. Maybe things could have been different between them in another place, on another mission.
Spat took her tea to Dexter’s desk. She stood beside him. He was playing Solitaire on his laptop.
‘Dexter? Do you mind if I ask you something?’
Dexter noted her tone. It was polite. ‘I guess not,’ he said, leaning slightly back. Too many hearts and diamonds in one line were blocking his progress anyway.
‘I’m going to the market later with Mabasi. I need to check in with Hassin. Those shovels he sold us last week, the handles are all coming apart. Cowboy! Anyway, I was thinking that baby of yours could do with a good jacket. The rains are coming, and it wouldn’t be good to get caught in one of those downpours.’
He turned to look at her, but she chose not make eye contact. She was feigning interest in the stack of paper clips on his desk.
‘I was thinking I might take Freda along. She could choose. I mean she mightn’t want to go but I thought I’d ask her anyway.’ She paused. ‘I don’t know what you think. It was just an idea. I mean if you don’t …’
‘No, no, I do. I mean, yeah. I think that would be fine. That would be nice, actually,’ he said. ‘Thanks Pat,’ he added.
There was a moment of awkward silence between them. It was the first time that either of them could remember speaking civilly to the other in quite some time. Spat smiled half-heartedly and turned to walk away.
‘Pat, listen,’ Dexter said quickly, feeling a sudden rush of guilt. ‘I know we’ve had our differences in the past, but I just wanted to say…,’ he began in a reconciliatory tone.
‘Oh shut up, would you!’ she snapped, suddenly back to her senses. ‘And turn that damn game off your computer. I’m still waiting for your final report on that Beajah bridge project. I want it on my desk by this evening. You’d swear we had nothing to do!’
 

The next day a cargo plane landed clumsily on the runway at Roberts’ International Airport in Monrovia, carrying unlabelled crates and a whole host of motley and unsavoury-looking characters. Spat was there in her best dress, beside the Land Cruiser parked behind a freshly-painted barrier, to meet Maurice, her new security chief. Although officially she was still the boss, in reality she knew that Maurice would never be content to be answerable to anyone, and admittedly a small part of her was pleased to have some of the huge pressure she felt lifted, albeit temporarily. She had spent time in front of the mirror applying her lipstick and fixing her hair, though for what reason she was not entirely sure. Maurice was a playboy and a philanderer and made no apologies or excuses. He was not her type, she liked to think.
Stan was different. He struck her as monogamous. But he had become more distant of late, his charm waning. He only called now and again when he needed something, and then bombarded her or Dexter with questions about this or that in Bomi County. What was it he was after? Why the sudden interest in their work affairs? And the sex too was becoming a chore. He was a busy man; he worked fast. She had even considered ending it, but the thought of sleeping alone in a big bed was a prospect that was too much for her to bear right now.
From a distance she watched Maurice disembark and then sent Martha to sort out the inevitable airport tussle with stern-faced, uniformed officials hungrily scavenging for bribes. Alongside Maurice was a woman, wearing a blue flak jacket, whom she vaguely recognised. They were talking and laughing together like old friends. And then to her surprise, before they parted, they kissed one another on the lips – not a friendly goodbye, see-you-later kiss, but a real one, open-mouthed, tongues even, although it was not entirely clear from her vantage point. The woman then walked to a vehicle that was waiting for her with large stickers indicating no weapons on board. Spat thought hard. Where had she seen her before? Freetown? Mogadishu? She could not immediately recall.
‘Up to your old tricks!’ she muttered.
‘Miss Pat?’ Mabasi asked.
‘Oh, nothing, Mabasi. There’s your new boss man,’ she indicated, pointing in Maurice’s direction.
Mabasi saw a bearded, broadly-smiling man who was now making his way to their vehicle.
‘Patricia!’ he began, his arms open wide for an embrace.
They hugged. It had been a while.
‘Make it Pat!’ she said. ‘I prefer Pat these days.’
‘Right so, Patty it is!’
‘Pat!’ she repeated adamantly.
Maurice looked at her crookedly.
He then introduced himself to Mabasi, who was secretly delighted to have a man as his superior again, and they shook hands warmly, simultaneously clicking their middle fingers as Liberians habitually do.
‘I hope you can see straight. I once had a blind driver, you know,’ Maurice said, winking at Martha.
Mabasi laughed hesitantly. That was a joke, he suspected.
Martha handed back Maurice’s passport, who did not let the occasion pass without a little flirtatious smile, not unnoticed by Spat, now relegated to the back seat. Martha asked about Maurice’s beard, to which he replied that it had served him well with members of the opposite sex for years, at which Martha giggled and Spat threw her eyes to heaven. Mabasi then asked if he was a married man.
‘Why buy a cow when you can get free milk?’ he quipped.
‘Oh, come on!’ Spat said, impatient with him already.
Maurice looked in the rear-view mirror at Spat who was staring moodily out the side window.
‘You have no cow?’ Mabasi asked earnestly.
‘I’ve had plenty of cows in my time,’ he replied, his laughter resonating around the car. Mabasi and Martha laughed loudly too. A white man owning many cows must be a funny thing, yes?
‘Please stop!’ Spat snapped.
‘Stop what?’
‘You know what!’
‘No, I don’t know what,’ he said, deciding he had had enough of her tone. ‘What’s got into your knickers?’
Mabasi sniggered. Martha suppressed a grin.
‘Why can’t you ever have a normal conversation?’
‘What’s not normal about domestic farm animals?’ He looked again at her through the rear view mirror and their eyes made contact. ‘I’m just settling in, Pat. That’s alright I presume – if you don’t mind.’ His voice had sufficient authority in it to silence the car.
There were so many yellow taxis, all appearing to be beeping their horns at once for no apparent reason, that Mabasi had to use all of his skill to meander his way through Vai Town. People were gesticulating and shouting in lively cadences. Maurice heard something resembling: I say? I say? There was a crazy, topless woman with sorry-looking breasts, standing among the traffic at a junction, who seemed to think it was her job to direct its flow. Groups of women, wrapped in colourful sarongs, were frying donuts outside of stalls on the sides of the roads, and men in cheap suits were shaking hands. Maurice liked what he saw. It was good to be back.
‘Who’s the woman at the airport?’ Spat suddenly asked after some minutes of silence.
‘The woman?’ Maurice replied, as if suddenly awoken.
‘The one at the airport – in the flak jacket. The one who was sucking your face like you were her last oxygen source.’
‘Oh. Kate Livingstone,’ Maurice said, unfazed. ‘The journalist. Met her in Abidjan. She’s here to investigate the kidnapping of that UN man who’s gone missing. Finn something.’
‘Marshall.’
‘Right. You know him?’
‘We’ve met. Des knows him well enough.’
‘Ah, good old Des! How’s the old boy scout doing?’
‘Fine,’ she replied hesitantly. ‘But we need to talk about him.’
‘We’ve plenty of time for that. Anyway, you probably remember Kate from Mogadishu? Stayed with us for a while. Nice girl.’
Spat now vaguely recalled a female journalist who had settled into life in their compound far too quickly for her liking, barking orders at their staff and giving them all - all except Maurice, it seemed – a pain in the neck.
‘We had dinner,’ Maurice continued, winking at Mabasi. ‘Then we played leapfrog in my room till the early hours. Boy, can she vault!’
Spat could not resist. ‘Jesus! Do we really have to put up with this for the next month?’
‘She’s having a go at leapfrog now; I don’t believe it!’ Maurice said, addressing Mabasi who smiled awkwardly.
Leapfrog? Who is Leapfrog? Mabasi wondered.
‘You’ll never bloody change, you know that?’ Spat said gruffly.
‘I hope not,’ Maurice replied. ‘I bloody well hope not!’


Freda was pleased to see Victor emerge around the corner in the Land Rover on to Gibson Street. Business had been bad that day, and all she had thought about for most of the afternoon was the sight of Dexter, now in the daily habit of bringing home with him something small for her and the baby. Two days earlier, much to her surprise, he had arrived with T-shirts with Charles Ghankay Taylor’s face on them and the large initials NPP – National Patriotic Party. How she despised this Taylor, with all his false humility and subtle threats. But the T-shirts were of good quality. He had gotten them off Victor, who earned a sizeable profit in the deal, and who hoped more than anything that Charles Taylor would win the elections in July, as Victor was tired of war and knew from experience what a bad loser Taylor could be.
More than once a disturbing thought had crossed Freda’s mind in the week that she had spent living in her new home. If things went wrong, if the elections did not go ahead (or worse, if they did) would Dexter decide to evacuate with all the others and leave her and Camilla stranded? How could she be sure that he would not abandon his responsibilities? He would not leave her, she decided, but each time the thought entered her mind, and the closer the elections came, the more the possibility bothered her.
She once had a friend of sorts, Edna Gbollie, who had been dating a Frenchman working for the Red Cross. He was nice enough, she thought, although his English was poor. How they communicated, Freda was unsure, but physical touching in people’s presence was high on the agenda, so much in fact that it made people feel uncomfortable in their company. Edna started wearing make-up and fancy clothing and began smoking cigarettes, a French brand that had made her cough and splutter at first until she grew used to them. Soon Freda began to feel patronised by her when she would stop to chat about incidences among the expat community as if she had known that world all her life. She said she was learning French and that one day she would move to France with François, a place where people watched bicycle races for fun and ate cheese with holes in it. She was going to live in a city called Bordeaux by the sea, where she would study to become a nurse perhaps, maybe even a doctor. And then they would get married, although he had never quite promised this as far as Freda could ascertain.
She was invited to all the expat parties at Mamba Point. They had accepted her without too much question. She had tried hard to be westernised in her manner, laughing with them at the expense of locals and their strange ways. And more than once she had had to refuse the advances of drunken, lecherous white men when her partner’s back was turned. And along with enjoying the attention of it all, she had felt something she had long been deprived of, a feeling like no other in a place where it was in short supply: hope.
And then one day, casually over coffee in Cecilia bar, he told her he was leaving. Her heart sank. But he would write, he promised. And when he could raise enough money, he would send her the fare and sort out her papers. Freda envied her, not because of her man, whom she found altogether incomprehensible, but because she had discovered an exit; anything was better than waiting for the next Operation Octopus or worse.
But how quickly circumstances change! She had written many letters, two or three a week, which she had sent with outgoing Red Cross mail in a courier package, but had received no correspondence in return. She had been angry at first, assuming that the Red Cross was sabotaging her efforts. Her anger soon turned to grave concern, however, fearing that some harm had come to him; that a plane he had been on had crashed perhaps, or that his apartment in Bordeaux, the one she had seen in photographs, the one where they were to live happily together, had burnt down. She had often imagined him in hospital, charred black and struggling to enunciate in a whisper the final word to ever cross his now-blistered lips: ‘Edna’.
Soon the expat community grew weary of her. Now that François had gone home, she was no longer considered one of theirs. She was a hanger-on. Gate guards began to refuse her entry gladly, laughing at her back as she walked despondently away.
And then one day, just as she was beginning to lose complete hope, a letter arrived. It was only when Edna excitedly handed Freda the letter from her one and only chance of escape, that Freda learned for the first time of Edna’s illiteracy. How could she have ever dreamt of studying in Bordeaux? For what had she learnt her snippets of broken French, repeating them endlessly to herself to drill them into her memory? Freda unfolded the letter which was scrawled in red pen on blue-lined paper.

Ma chèrie Edna,
You must forgive my English that is no good since when I speak last and we laugh much. I miss you like a flower that go red in wint summer and die in winter times. It is my heart that die too when I don’t see you and my love cries too.
My love Edna, I have saddest news and say only that sorry I can’t say for your face. I try hard in get you to my home but many things change now and people change. The wind is bad in my heart …

Freda looked up at Edna whose face had gone quite pale.
‘Go on,’ she said quietly.

The wind is bad in my heart when I say these words of goodbye. I want only for you know I cry and I hold you in my arms in the bed when I am lone for long times. It is hard life sometime to leave the love you have when you love hard and lose the one you have.
I think of you always and never forget the time of Monrovia in my life.
May the god bless and keep ever safe.
Mon amour,
François   xxx

Edna’s eyes began to sting before a single tear rolled down one of her cheeks. Freda hugged her limp body. She felt her silent convulsions and her pain. And together they sat for long, two women in the shade of the canopy where the corners of buildings meet, and the world suddenly seemed a bigger place than either had ever imagined.


Dexter looked tired today, she thought – and dirty. Had he been crawling in the muck? He was not smiling as he got out of his vehicle. Thomas opened the gate after two blasts of the horn from Victor, and the Land Rover disappeared within.
‘Hey Dexter!’ she said cheerfully. She stood to embrace him which he returned coldly she thought. He smelt bad too, like a latrine. ‘Everything alright?’
‘Yeah, sure,’ he said distractedly. ‘How was your day?’
‘Slow,’ she said, her arms locked around his waist. ‘You look tired.’
‘How’s Camilla?’ He looked towards the basket propped up on her stall. Together they walked to it. Freda lifted the new blankets Spat had bought, during an hour or so of unusual kindness and fuss at the market. Dexter’s smile was received at first by Camilla with silence, followed by a frown, and then a prolonged tearful screaming.
‘There, there, daddy’s tired,’ Freda said in a voice reserved for infants as she picked her up.
‘I wish you wouldn’t keep referring to me as “daddy”,’ he said a little too impatiently, once Camilla had settled down. ‘I mean we’re only minding her, right, till your brother sorts out the mess he’s in. Or till her mother gets better.’
‘Oh yes, of course,’ Freda replied, a little taken aback by his tone.
‘I mean it’s not that … you know?’
‘I know,’ she said quietly.
There was a silence between them as he looked around.
‘Has that man with the belly and the beard arrived yet? The one I told you about?’
‘Your new boss man?’
‘Yeah.’
‘No.’
‘Right.’
He paused. Freda was concerned by his mood. What had him like this? Had he got some bad news? Perhaps it was to do with the arrival of this new white man? Might he have been sent to replace him? Dexter would have told her if he were leaving, surely. Freda’s mind was in an anxious muddle.
‘He’s an old friend from my days in Tanzania. We go back.’
‘So you’ve said. He’s a good man.’
‘He’s a panic.’
Dexter looked into her eyes. He would have to be straight with her.
‘Look,’ he began hesitantly. ‘I’m really sorry about this but it might be a good idea if you and Camilla stay with your grandmother tonight. I’ve got to sort things out with him. He’s my friend but he’s also my boss, and our organisation doesn’t like us to mix with …’ He paused.
‘Blacks.’
‘No, no, not that. It’s just local girls. I mean it’s only for a night. Two tops. Just till I get things straight. I’m sure he’ll be fine with it. It’s only a temporary arrangement.’
Freda’s heart suddenly felt drained of fluid. A temporary arrangement? What did that mean? Why could he not just tell this new man straight up? And what did he mean by local girls? She looked at him, but he was staring at his feet now. What was so wrong? she wanted to ask, but the words did not come; they stuck in her throat. She was on the verge of tears.
‘The next few evenings might be a bit hectic,’ he continued. ‘Something’s come up in Bomi. We’ve got quite a bit to discuss and lots to sort out before July 19. But I’ll be here. We’ll see each other. It’s just the sleeping arrangement.’ As soon as he had said this, he wished he could take it back.
‘The sleeping arrangement?’ she said now visibly cross.
‘No – look, I didn’t mean it like that …’ 
‘I suppose it would make a difference if I was from Holland?’ Freda suddenly said, her voice trembling.
‘Holland?’ Dexter asked confused.
‘Holland – your country.’
‘No, Ireland,’ Dexter corrected her. ‘Holland’s a different place.’
‘Ireland, wherever,’ she replied moodily. For a moment he was reminded of that awful night when Ciatta had stood between him and the road home.
‘Trust me, Freda. I’ll take care of you. Both of you. I just need some time, just till I sort things out. Try to understand.’
He attempted to kiss her but she refused.
‘Tell me when you’re ready then. I’ll be waiting,’ she said and turned her back to him.
As Thomas opened the gate, he looked around. She was arranging her wares as meticulously as ever.
The gate closed. Freda looked at the baby in the basket blowing saliva bubbles.
‘Please God, Camilla! Please God, not now!’


When Mabasi parked Spat’s Land Cruiser on Gibson Street between the office and the house, Maurice got out first. It was a small, narrow street, no more than two hundred metres long, with one obvious entrance and what looked to be a small laneway leading off the side of the office. Perhaps it led back to the road where they had circled by Mamba Point, near the US Embassy? He checked the gate which had only one padlock, and looked up at the overhead lights; two of the bulbs appeared to be missing. Maurice frowned. The gate guard seemed a little young for his liking. He introduced himself as Thomas. Across the street, a woman with a baby was watching him closely and an old homeless-looking man was lying close by under a blanket. His initial survey would suggest that the house was under-protected. He was pleased nevertheless to have some work to do.
The interior of the house was well lit with a large living-cum-dining room that doubled up as a home office. There were folders and floppy disks scattered around stained cups and plates of leftover breakfast. The windows to the side of the house looked on to a balcony where a single hammock was hanging. To the rear, there was the hallway, off which three bedrooms and a kitchen were located. His room was the smallest as he was in last, despite his seniority. He noted the single bed with a mosquito net carelessly erected. He would pull that down later.
Spat was in the kitchen refilling the water heater. He took a quick glance into Dexter’s room, where he saw his young friend soundly snoring on the bed. He scanned the room and spotted women’s clothes strewn on the floor. Good God! he thought. What was he up to now? As Spat emerged with the tea, he was unashamedly looking into her bedroom, eyeing the panties she had left carelessly on her dresser.
‘What are you doing?’ Spat inquired irritably. ‘I told you where your room is.’
‘Security,’ he said with an exaggerated sense of gravity, and walked back towards the living room.
‘Sit down! We need to talk,’ she said.
Spat carried the cups to the coffee table, clearing away some of the mess. Where the hell was Esther? she wondered. That woman was getting slacker by the day.
‘Now look here,’ she began in a challenging tone.
‘Good tea,’ Maurice interrupted, after taking a loud sip.
‘What the hell was that Sierra Leone business all about? Why the sudden rush to go? As if I didn’t have enough to do! And Dexter isn’t much help either. He’s here on your recommendation, and then you up and leave. What were you thinking?’
‘Look, Pat. I’m only here for a short stint. They’ve only given me a contract till after the elections. Then I’m out of your hair for good. Let’s just try to leave the past in the past, alright?’
‘And that’s it, is it? As simple as that!’ 
‘Look, Patricia …’
‘Pat!’
‘Oh for God’s sake then – Pat, Pat! Things have been complicated between me and head office for some time. They’ve been sidelining me, I know it. Capacity building! I’ll fall asleep on my feet. What the hell are they thinking?’
‘So capacity building isn’t exciting enough for the great Maurice McDonald? You’d prefer to be dodging bullets, is that it?’
‘In a nutshell, yes,’ he said emphatically.
‘Then why don’t you put in for the Congo? You’ve been there before.’
Maurice frowned and took another sip from his tea. Spat sensed something was wrong.
‘They had me lined up for North Korea. I did an assessment there with a UN party some time back. Met a cute Czech girl, Jarka …’
Spat raised an eyebrow.
‘Yeah, well anyway, they told me the whole thing fell through. Next thing I hear they’ve given the job to some pup who earned his stripes in Haiti last year. What was it they said on the fax again? He has ideas galore and energy to burn. What a load of nonsense!’
Spat was quiet now. She could sense the genuine frustration in his tone.
‘They’re a pack of two-faced liars,’ he said after a moment’s silence. 
‘So that’s why you upped and left so suddenly?’ she asked, now a touch softer.
‘Mm, well, for one,’ Maurice replied. ‘Thought I’d had it. Thought I was through with the whole bloody show! You wouldn’t believe the politics in that place these days. Everyone jockeying for position. All the old team being replaced by young lick-asses who talk endlessly about strategic plans and budget auditing. I can’t even have a decent conversation in there anymore. I’m obsolete. A dinosaur. A misfit!’
‘So what has you back then?’ she asked.
‘I don’t know,’ he said wearily. ‘Who the hell else is mad enough to come to Monrovia a month before the elections? They knew I wouldn’t say no. And anyway, Jarka was starting to get on my tits …’
‘Jarka?’
‘That Czech lady friend of mine, I told you about.’
‘Lady friend? What about the journalist at the airport?’
‘Ah, don’t worry about her; she can look after herself.’
Spat placed her hands consciously on her lap. She had to choose her words carefully. After all, they would have to try to live together amicably for the next month.
‘Well I don’t like your antics,’ she said. I never did. I saw you doing your rounds in Somalia, boasting to who’d ever listen, and the way you tried to seduce me …’
‘Ha!’ he roared ironically.
‘Don’t deny it, Maurice. It wasn’t on. It was unprofessional, and I won’t put up with any of that messing here.’
‘Why the make-up then? Why all the questions about the woman at the airport?’
‘I have a partner, so don’t get smart,’ she said in reprimand.
‘Really? Good for you!’
‘And Dexter has a partner too. And she has a child.’
‘What?’ he said, half smiling, half frowning. ‘What? Dexter?’
‘That’s right, and they live with us. That’s them outside.’
Maurice rose and went to the window. Freda was talking to a customer who appeared interested in her peanuts. Close by, Mister Albert raised his head sleepily, and then covered himself in his blanket. Camilla was asleep it seemed.
‘You must be kidding me! That woman isn’t meant to be living here. Locals are a security risk. Jesus, Pat, you think you’d know that by this stage! You never know who they’re connected to.’
‘Her brother is a combatant in Bomi County,’ Spat continued, quite enjoying Maurice’s discomfort.
‘What?’ he said in disbelief again, his voice rising. ‘And you let her in? What were you thinking?’
‘I was waiting for you to sort it out,’ she said.
Maurice looked at her blankly. ‘But I’m only here watching your backs. You’re the one in charge.’
‘Oh really? I’m glad to hear it,’ she said.
They remained in silence for a moment, neither knowing quite what to say next.
‘Is she his first?’ Maurice asked finally.
‘First what?’
‘First local girl to the house?’
‘What difference does that make?’
‘I don’t know,’ he said defensively. ‘Maybe it’s not just …’
‘Casual sex? Your mean your preference?’
‘Ah now, come on, Pat. That’s below the belt.’
‘At least Dexter has the decency to be monogamous,’ she persisted.
‘Is that so?’
‘That’s so!’
In the moments that followed, he noticed Spat’s hair for the first time. He liked what she had done with it. She could have done without the make-up though.
‘So what about you then?’ he asked, after another sip of his tea.
‘Me?’
‘You said you had a partner too.’
A strange feeling of middle-age dread caused Spat’s stomach to drop momentarily, but she recovered her composure quickly. ‘Well, it’s hard to call him a partner exactly.’
‘And where do you do it?’
‘Maurice!’
‘Come on, tell me! Where do you do it?’
Spat did not like this line of questioning one bit. ‘He comes here or we go to his place, alright? Happy now?’
‘Well I mightn’t allow it. Security and all that,’ he said. She scoffed. ‘So that explains the women’s clothes in Dexter’s room,’ he thought out loud. ‘Thank God for that!’
He looked out the window at Freda again, now sweeping the dust away from her corner on Gibson Street. ‘Have they anywhere else to go?’ he asked.
‘She has a grandmother in town.’
‘What’s the place like?’
‘I hear it’s run down. Same as everywhere in Monrovia.’
‘No good for a baby then,’ he added quietly.
For some reason, quite unknown to herself, Spat felt a strange sense of relief. And with it, she suddenly became more conscious of her immediate surroundings, of Maurice, of Dexter, of Freda, and of Freda’s baby on the street. It was a feeling she could not fully understand. For the past week, ever since they had moved in, she no longer dreaded the short walk from the office to the house. She even thought she might like having them around. For one thing, Dexter seemed less irritable. She had even forgiven Mister Albert a little, something she had never thought possible.
‘Look,’ Maurice said finally. ‘Dexter’s a good man. And we’re adults here after all, even if some people at head office don’t think so. What they don’t know won’t harm them, right? So let’s all lay off one another for a while. Let’s try to work together on this one. I don’t mind if you don’t mind.’
‘Fine,’ she said as if compromised. 
‘So what do you say? Truce?’
She looked at the bearded face that ten minutes earlier she would have gladly slapped hard.
‘Truce.’
Maurice finished his tea and went to his room to unpack his bags. After a few minutes of quiet contemplation, Spat followed down the hallway to the bathroom, where with as much care and attention that went into its application, she meticulously removed all the make-up that remained on her face with cotton wool buds.


The moonlight shone through the palm fronds as the waves gently lapped upon the shore down by Mamba Point where Dexter and Maurice sat, reminiscing on their days in The Great Lakes region of Africa. Manny arrived with an enamel bowl half full with warm water (a yellow bar of soap submerged within) from which the two men washed their hands. The smell of barbeque chicken wafted pleasantly in the air, and Maurice was pleased to find his friend again, one of the few he still respected in the business. The incident at Lumasi, the one that gave Dexter the visible shakes, was never far from both men’s minds whenever they were reunited. It was Dexter’s rite of passage, as such, one that Maurice considered his young friend passed with impressive flair.
Maurice had been following events on his high frequency radio: the Tanzanian army were moving in, blocking the roads that led to the camps and all international personnel were politely but adamantly requested to leave to let them get on with their cumbersome task of encouraging, with some physical force if necessary, half a million reluctant refugees back across the Rwandan border. It was no mean feat.
He had called Dexter on his handset but there was no reply. He was anxious obviously. A half an hour passed and still there was nothing. Finally, when he got the call he was waiting for, he was impatient and even cross.
‘Why the hell haven't you been answering my call? Get your fucking ass out of there, Dexter, or I’ll kick it for you.’
There was a crackling pause on the other end of the line. Then a panicked voice came on the airwaves.
‘They’re cutting the Rubb Hall. They’ve got machetes.’ Dexter’s breathing was clearly heavy. In the background there appeared to be shouting and much confusion.
‘Drop whatever you’re doing and get the fuck out now!’ Maurice roared, stressing the last three words with exaggerated emphasis.
There was a longer pause this time. When he got back on line, he seemed to be in his vehicle.
‘I’m going to Feeding Centre Two,’ he said still panicked, but with determined intent.
‘You’re not! You’re leaving this minute! That’s an order! Get out!’
‘We’ve got local staff down there who are stranded,’ was the delayed reply. ‘I’ve got the only vehicle in camp, and I’m not leaving here without them.’ 
It was Maurice’s turn to pause. At once he had mixed feelings of desperate concern for his compatriot along with anger at being disobeyed by his inferior, but overriding both was a deep sense of admiration and pride for his friend who was risking his life to save people he barely knew. For the first time, Maurice could detect much of himself in the younger man. They were a breed, born for this kind of work. How many others had quit out of sheer frustration and fear for their personal safety? He had seen them come and go on his numerous postings all over the developing world and they infuriated him. Armchair adventurers he called them.
When he got on the handset again, he had composed himself. ‘Then get them out, and get out!’ he said, still with authority in his voice. ‘And get back here quickly!’
When Hansie pulled the vehicle into the compound at K-9, the local staff emerged, shaken but very grateful indeed. They thanked Maurice and told him he was a good man. They patted Dexter on the back, who stood sheepishly eyeing Maurice, expecting an earful of rage at least. When the group had dispersed, Maurice approached him.
‘You’re some fucking idiot,’ he said mildly but poker-faced. ‘You do that again and I’ll bull-whip you all the way back to Dublin. And I’m talking the long route - via Addis!’
That night, in the tent they referred to as their canteen, Tom Sheridan produced a number of bottles of whiskey, compliments of the Irish government. Dexter had not shown his face since dinner time, where he had sat introspectively playing with his rice. Maurice looked across at his mud hut and saw that his torch was still lit.
‘Poor bastard,’ Sheridan said. ‘Must’ve scared the shit out of him.’
‘He’ll get his head cut off one of these days,’ Maurice retorted.
‘You’re one to talk!’ He had known Maurice for many years. They were close.
‘But I’m the one responsible for him,’ Maurice persisted. ‘He’s got parents and siblings back home. They probably can’t sleep at night with the worry. Who’s going to watch his back if I don’t?’
‘Who’s watching yours?’
‘You, you bastard. That’s why you’re here!’
‘Look – he’s not a kid, Moss. He made a good call today and you know it. Give him a bit of slack.’
Five minutes later, Dexter received a knock on his door. ‘Get your sorry ass out of bed, McCabe!’ he heard Maurice’s voice shout from outside. ‘Sheridan here’s got a few bottles of piss and can’t handle his booze.’
When Dexter opened his door, he saw the two men standing before him, smiling like a right pair of misfits.
But Dexter’s shaking hands that night did not go unnoticed by Maurice, who never mentioned them or the day’s events again. Instead, he opened a second bottle of whiskey at midnight, and together the three men drank and limbo-danced away their senses long into the night, a long, long way from home.


When the plates of meat finally arrived, Maurice tipped Manny generously.
‘So Pat tells me you’ve found yourself a woman,’ he began. ‘You randy bugger!’
‘Well I wasn’t getting much better at the guitar,’ Dexter replied, modifying one of Victor’s rare gems.
‘You’ve still got that old piece of junk? You couldn’t play it without making the stray dogs at K-9 howl, as far as I remember.’
‘I’m not leaving here without it. It’s got sentimental value.’
Maurice eyed him sceptically. ‘Be careful of sentiment in this business, Des,’ he said. ‘Sometimes you’ve got to leave things behind; you’ve got to be prepared for that.’
‘It’s Dexter here, not Des. And anyway, I know what I’m doing,’ Dexter replied a touch moodily, understanding Maurice’s point loud and clear.
Maurice doubted the full truth of this assertion, but let it pass. ‘Pat says there’s a child involved.’
‘Is there anything that woman hasn’t told you yet? Jesus, Maurice, you’ve only just arrived. Give us a break!’
‘Alright, relax! Pat’s just concerned, as I am. We’ve been in this business a lot longer than you. I’ve seen it before. The women see the dollar signs in your eyes, and try their best ...’
‘It’s not like that, Maurice. She’s different.’
‘They’re always different,’ Maurice said sombrely. ‘Always different in the same way.’
‘What are you blabbing on about?’ Dexter asked, looking at him sideways. 
Both men then laughed and took long draughts from their beers. It was getting dark. Curfew was less than an hour away. At the bar, much to Dexter’s dismay, he spotted Ciatta take a seat with two Marines. They were talking loudly and making crude gestures behind her back. It was as much as he could manage to restrain himself from going over and punching their lights out, although he knew they would probably cripple him long before he got the chance. She looked very well as always.
‘She’s staying with us, this woman of yours?’ Maurice asked as casually as he could muster.
‘Freda ... and Camilla, the baby. Not tonight, but if it’s okay with you …’
‘Do you like her?’
‘Of course!’
‘I mean, do you really like her?’
‘Yeah, I like her.’
‘Then don’t let anyone get in your way. Pat, me, head office – especially those bastards at head office. Do you hear?’
‘Thanks!’
Maurice took a handful of meat and nearly as much chilli and rolled it down his throat, his head tilted backwards.
‘Really, Maurice, thanks.’
‘Ah sure, what’re old friends for?’ he said laughing.
Ciatta looked around at the two men sitting on the stone bench under the large palm tree. She spotted Dexter and quickly turned away. She hoped he had not seen her. For all of his faults that night, she concurred with his sentiment about her present company. They were too rough with her these days. They asked her to do things she did not like, especially that Brad Roberts. But tonight at least she could stay with them in the Embassy. And tomorrow she would buy those red shoes with the high heels she saw at a market stall; she was one of only a handful of local women who could afford them.


Back at the house, Spat having long gone to bed, Maurice produced a bottle of ten-year-old scotch he had bought especially for the occasion. Dexter found two glasses in the kitchen which he rinsed and placed on the living-room coffee table between them. Maurice poured two healthy measures and they sat back, savouring the smoky malt. 
‘Hollywood night at the Embassy tomorrow. They’ll want your details; you’ll need a pass.’
Maurice smirked wryly. He knew the drill. He had an Irish friend in Freetown (a Marine from Wexford of all places) who had often had him around for beers and the odd game of pool. Every time, without exception, some officious gate guard had to check and double check his laminated ID, before radioing in to some anonymous voice, the wait, the frisk, the further check, the questions. It was nearly not worth the effort.
‘I hear Pat’s got some man on the go in there. You know him much?’
‘Stan. Not well. He used to come around a bit. Haven’t seen too much of him of late though,’ Dexter said taking a sip. ‘Asks a whole load of questions. A right pain in the hole!’
‘What kind of questions?’ Maurice asked intrigued.
‘Oh, I don’t know. What are you working on now? How far is it to X,Y and Z? Where’s the damn bridge? Always asking about that bridge we completed at Beajah. You’d swear he had a time share in it or something.’ 
‘You think he’s some kind of spy?’ Maurice asked without a hint of irony.
‘Yeah,’ Dexter replied quite simply.
No more needed to be said. The two men knew the place well enough for any further exposition. Stan was CIA as far as they were concerned, and that was that. It was no big deal; they were a common enough breed in West Africa.
Dexter now approached the subject he had been avoiding all evening, partly to give Maurice time to settle a little, albeit a few hours, partly to determine if his memories of his friend had been glossed somewhat with time, but mostly because he had been sober, which was now slipping from him gracelessly. He did not want to put Maurice in the way of danger, although he desired more than ever to share his problem. And who better? He recalled their last Christmas together. Never had he seen a man prepared to go to such lengths as the day they spent searching for vulnerables, when Lumasi camp was finally cleared.
It was a beautiful morning, the sun still low enough in the sky before the blistering onset of the unforgiving midday. There were twenty or so of them, volunteers from the remaining organisations, gathered to walk the camps where the refugees had recently fled. He had stood at the roadside, a few days before, watching them move en masse down from the surrounding hills like a colony of ants. It was an impressive sight but an eerie one, hardly a sound to be heard but the heavy tramping of feet. Sacks of their belongings were held above their heads while their smiling children skipped and waved, oblivious to their expected fate awaiting them across the border at Rusumo. Maurice had told him of his experience at that same bridge two years previously, and it had bothered Dexter a lot. Some of these people on the march were his friends; Celestine, his local counterpart, for one.
It had been a busy week. Tons of extra maize had been distributed in the understanding that what these people needed more than anything else was food. But all along the road to the border were mounds of discarded grain, as sacks were torn open to be used to carry material items instead. It had been a wonder to Dexter that when their stores were looted, car tyres had been stolen and not a vehicle among them. But all was soon revealed in the market square, when the panicked population sought hungrily for foot protection, which the local shoemakers gratefully provided with expertly-cut rubber sandals. Dexter had admired their resourcefulness.
It was Maurice who had led the search party, all standing in a line to sweep the camp, sector by sector, commune by commune, checking every individual mud hut to see if any vulnerables had been left behind. Who needed the old and infirm to slow them down on their return to a hostile land?
Maurice was keeping everyone’s spirits up. He was setting example by eating his high-protein biscuits with relish. He chose Dexter and Giulia, an attractive Italian lady from K-11, to stand between. 
Together they began to scour the huts along their chosen route, one by one. It had not occurred to Dexter before how little he had truly known of this camp he had managed for some time. It looked different. Some of the huts were hidden away behind bigger ones. Some were so large they had a number of rooms and an internal pit-latrine or two. In one there were flimsy Christmas decorations made from bits of discarded cardboard and paper from the boxes and tins that the food was distributed in. Nothing went to waste. It was a small functioning city like any other with its bars, its restaurants, its barber shop and its market square, all abandoned in a matter of days. It painted a lonely picture.
And then, somewhere near Buffalo Crossing (an intersection that saw a poor, confused buffalo approach one day, unprepared for the hungry excited chase that ensued and the animal’s ultimate capture and clubbing to death, some time before Dexter’s arrival) Giulia screamed. It was an ugly one, full of terror and disgust. Maurice and Dexter ran to her in alarm. She was standing by an open pit-latrine, her fist in her mouth.
The hole would normally have been five metres deep, but with the quantity of excrement within, it looked more like two. And with the excrement came maggots, thousands of them crawling and burrowing into the dead person’s head who grimaced at them like something from the worst kind of horror film. It was hard to tell the sex; it did not matter anyway. It was what they had come to find, each of them quietly hoping that someone else’s group would be the one to stumble upon it.
It was Maurice that day, and Maurice alone, who kept calm and took control. It was Maurice who called for back-up in a vehicle, who stripped down to his underwear, who climbed down the hole on a tow rope and dragged the body up, maggots and all, to the top. It was an act of pure and self-forgetful heroism, and it was an image Dexter knew would stay with him to his death bed, whenever and wherever that might be.
But Dexter was careful with this one. He knew how rash and gung-ho Maurice could be. And he knew too what he had seen in Bomi – skulls on stakes, and limbs cast aside on the verges of the Tubman Highway – enough to be cautious.
He took another large sip of his whiskey. ‘I need to pass something across you, Maurice, but it’s between you and me,’ he began, as Maurice filled his glass for the third time. ‘You’ve to promise.’
‘Mum’s the word!’ Maurice said.
‘You’ve to promise.’
‘Alright, I promise!’
Dexter now appeared to him in gentle double vision as he took another long sip from his glass.
‘A UN friend of mine’s gone missing,’ Dexter began. ‘I was there the night he disappeared. We were having a few drinks at that bar we’ve just come from. It was partly my fault, I think. I was the one who invited him out that night. And I delayed him. I was chatting up a prostitute.’
‘You were what?’
‘Listen Maurice …’
‘You randy bugger!’
‘This is serious!’
‘Sorry, go on!’
‘This old missionary priest we help out, Father Larry, says he spotted Finn near Klay about three weeks ago in the back of a Land Rover, but no one seems to believe him. But I can’t see why not. I know Larry’s a bit off the wall at times, but he’s not crazy. If he said he saw him, I believe him.’
‘And me,’ Maurice said raising his index finger.
‘Yeah, and you,’ Dexter added redundantly. ‘I just feel responsible, Maurice, like it’s somehow my fault.’
Maurice sat back, the glass of whiskey sitting snugly in his hand, and stared at Dexter for a moment, trying to fixate him in his gaze.
‘So what are you telling me for?’
Dexter put his empty glass down. ‘Well I thought I might check it out. Spat’s told me to keep out of it, but I can’t see too much harm in asking a few questions. I know most of the village chiefs up there. And I know the ones I can trust. I thought maybe you might come up with me to Tubmanburg. And Beajah. Maybe check it out a bit.’
‘Ride shotgun, you mean?’
‘I suppose.’
‘I don’t know, Des.’
‘Make it Dexter!’
‘What is it with you and Pat and your bloody names? Anyway, listen – I’ve just thought of something. This old female friend of mine,’ he said with a wink. ‘If you know what I mean …’
Dexter knew exactly what he meant.
‘Met up with her in Abidjan. Anyway, she’s a journalist.’ Maurice burped. Dexter suspected a little sick has entered his friend’s mouth which was rapidly swallowed. ‘She’s here for that exact story. I didn’t know till this morning that you guys knew this Finn guy.’
‘Marshall.’
‘Yeah, right. So listen, what I’m thinking is that you link up with her. She knows about that kind of thing. And you know Bomi County pretty well by the sound of it.’
‘Oh, right,’ Dexter said, a little surprised that Maurice was not jumping at the offer himself.
Maurice detected his deflated tone. ‘Look Dexter, I made a promise to myself before this mission. It may very well be my last one. I’ve just about had it with this whole business. I came back because of you and Pat. I felt I owed it to you both, for different reasons. And I’ve got to act professionally this time, all the way. I need you guys to get out of here in one piece, and then I’ll be on my way.’
Dexter knew when Maurice was being sincere.
‘And that means securing this damn compound of ours. We’re sitting ducks here as it stands. And it means I’ve got to charm some bigwigs and shake lots of hands, the right ones, to make us all look like Brits before July 19; we’ve got to get on that ABC list. You know the one I mean.’
‘Americans, British, Canadians, and then first come, first served.’
‘Exactly! So I’ll get in touch with her; Kate’s her name. You’ll like her. Doesn’t suffer fools too gladly. You just take care up there. Radio in every hour, on the hour. And don’t take any chances, you hear me?’
Dexter nodded again.
Good old Dexter! Maurice thought. Never five feet from trouble! And Kate would be pleased with the opportunity. It was the least he could do. And maybe, with a bit of luck, he might even get his face back in the media again. ‘You might want to pass it by the UN though,’ Maurice advised. ‘Tell them you think that the old priest’s claim is legit. They might lend you some support; you never know.’
‘I doubt it!’ Dexter replied, an image of the reclusive George coming to mind.
‘Pass it by them all the same. It’s worth a try. After all, it should be their problem, not yours.’
Maurice sat forward in his chair to pour himself another drink but misjudged the distance between the bottle and his glass, spilling some whiskey on the coffee table. ‘Screw this!’ he said. ‘I’m going to bed. I’m pissed. Good seeing you again, Dexter. Dexter! It’s got a ring to it. The Dexter McCabe and Mad Maurice McDonald back together again. We make some team. We haven’t lost it, you know.’ He rose and walked unsteadily to the hall.
‘’Night!’ he said over his shoulder.
‘Yeah, ’night! Thanks, Maurice!’
Dexter listened as he disappeared down the hallway to the door of his room which he shut with an unintended bang.
As Dexter rose, he felt suddenly hot and his stomach groaned. He would visit George in the morning just as Maurice had advised. He would see what that basket case could do for him. ‘The-UN-man-with-a-problem!’ he thought, and smiled wistfully. Poor old Finn!
Suddenly his stomach heaved. He made a darting run to the sink in the kitchen, making it just in time, where he relieved his gut of the liquefied rotten meat and chilli that Manny had served him at Papa Romeo bar.
Cowboys!


9. Father Larry


Tubmanburg, named after the longest-serving president in Liberian history, William Tubman, lay in the heart of Bomi County. It was a small town and a central hub for the dispersed villages that surrounded it; a busy place where children could be seen grinding sugar cane and women making textile quilts with breathtaking skill. There was a small market too that served, along with its population, a scattering of dormant ECOMOG peacekeepers stationed in lonely outposts nearby.
When Operation Octopus began, Tubmanburg was hit hard. Rebel soldiers had amassed there in their numbers, regrouping to storm the capital. The ULIMO factions of Roosevelt Johnson and Alhaji Kromah took on Charles Taylor’s NPFL and, failing to overcome the stronger force, then turned on each other. The fighting was heavy and the death toll high. The numerous villages along the Tubman Highway, from Tubmanburg to Monrovia, suffered much, with homes destroyed and burnt after much looting. The survivors, caught in the middle of the conflict, fled in terror to the IDP camps on the outskirts of the city. Only a handful of these people returned after Octopus, hopeful that the war was at an end. Among them were ex-combatants, near-starved from hiding out in the bush, who were mostly unwelcome in the camps. Their presence caused tension in the villages but they were young and strong and worked hard to rebuild the homes that they themselves had destroyed. To forgive them was necessary; to forget, impossible.
On the west side of Tubmanburg lay the Catholic Mission that Father Larry had set up over twenty years earlier. Larry had been there so long that the outside world was becoming a vague memory to him. At times he wondered if the church had more or less forgotten all about his existence. He no longer got donations from his old parishes; they had projects of their own running now, he presumed. And he could not remember the last time he had spoken to a bishop.
Most of Larry’s morning work consisted of calling around to various donors and NGOs begging for donations and hand-me-downs, a most lucrative activity when old stock was being turned over from stores. He loitered outside warehouses for an inordinate length of time on these days, with his rat-infested, rust-corroded jeep, until the more compassionate warehouse managers would give him something to make him go away. It worked every time.
Father Cormac lived in an outhouse on the grounds of the Mission too, but Larry did not approve of his lifestyle. He had a housekeeper, Kumba, who doubled up as his female companion and who did not seem to mind if Father Larry saw her breasts while undressing by her open bedroom window. She sometimes kissed Cormac on the lips in his presence too, which always caused him a great deal of personal discomfort.
‘It’s not right, Cormac,’ Larry argued with him one day, when Kumba was out buying groceries at the market. ‘You’re a Catholic priest and should start acting like one.’
‘You mean I should go back to being celibate like you, Larry?’ Cormac retorted cynically.
‘Yes, of course! Have you forgotten your vow?’
‘Oh, come on! That was a long time ago, Larry. I was a young man. Things have changed. Circumstances. I love her and I can’t help that,’ he pleaded.
‘You’ve got to pray. It’s all you can do. It’s not too late, Cormac.’
‘Pray for what?’ he asked. ‘To make me less of a man?’
‘If that’s what it takes, yes,’ Larry replied in a fluster.
‘Everything’s always so black and white with you,’ Cormac retorted.
Larry often wondered how Cormac had ever gotten through seminary school. ‘We’re Catholic priests, Cormac. Black and white is what we do.’
‘Well I prefer grey. And to hell with celibacy!’
‘And what about the church?’
‘To hell with that too, if that’s what it takes!’
‘Father Cormac!’ Larry said shocked. He had heard enough. ‘I’ll pray for you,’ he said as he walked away.
‘Yeah, you do that, Larry!’ Cormac said to his back. ‘For all the good it will do,’ he added quietly, when Larry was well out of earshot.
In truth, although he would never let him know it, Larry agreed somewhat with Cormac about the existence of grey. He had seen too much of war’s hardships to believe anything else. He knew too that Cormac was generally a well-meaning man, and not the only priest with, what the locals called, a wife. There were Father Martin and Father Finbar in Freetown too. They had tried to hide it from him on his last visit, one going to great lengths to distract him over breakfast while the other was busy sneaking them out the back door one morning. But he knew exactly what they were up to. He was nobody’s fool, or so he liked to think.
Father Larry’s jeep was nearly as old as him, and was home to at least two rats. He heard them sometimes when the engine was ticking over. He suspected that they were responsible for the jeep breaking down one time beyond Besao when he and Dexter had to use all of their combined strength to push the stubborn vehicle half a mile back on to the Tubman Highway to look for assistance. The church, just like the international NGOs with their minimal input agreement, would not invest another dollar in Liberia until the elections were long over and they were sure that the looting had stopped for good. And this meant Larry was stuck with his jeep for the foreseeable future, whether he liked it or not.
And so Father Larry distributed machetes to poor villagers, disinterested in the NGO argument that tools today were weapons tomorrow. He continued to get the locals to repair the bridges that had been destroyed. And, with the help of Spat and Dexter’s organisation, he fed the children in the various schools who otherwise would have been working in the fields as labourers. This, he heard the agencies in Monrovia call Food For Education. It sounded strange to him, a man who had enjoyed times of peace and relative prosperity in the past. Food For Work was another term used to motivate the locals to dig wells and repair roofs. Since when had handouts become incentives to make people work? They would hardly lift a finger now without the promise of something in return.
On the last trip he took with Dexter to Jawajeh, Dexter had expressed some concern about Larry’s schools. He had referred to them as ‘phantom schools’. The term had bothered Larry greatly.
‘So where are all these children coming from then?’ Dexter had asked.
Larry found it an unusual question. Was it not obvious?
‘They’re hiding in their villages and in the bush,’ he replied.
‘Well what about him?’ Dexter responded, pointing at a most frightful-looking child with wayward teeth and a bad case of scabies. ‘I’ve seen him in at least three schools we visited today. They’re all the same children, Larry.’
Larry looked at the child. He too thought he recognised him from earlier. ‘Ah no, Dexter. You’re imagining things,’ he said.
‘I don’t think so, Larry,’ Dexter responded gently. ‘I think they’re scamming us.’
‘What? How?’
‘Their parents must be moving them from village to village behind our backs. We must have distributed enough food to these phantom schools to last them till Christmas. And every time we arrive, they act like we’re godsends.’
Larry went silent. Dexter might be right. It would explain for one why the children were always doing the same welcome dance, and presenting them with coconuts on the same circular wicker tray every time. Larry insisted on the coconuts, not for their taste but because they were sterilised by nature, a concept that appealed greatly to his sense of Christian aesthetic. Maybe he had been distracted by the coconuts all along, or by those semi-narcotic cola nuts he sometimes liked to nibble on. Could Dexter be right? Could his flock be pulling the wool over his eyes?
Dexter could see the dejected look creeping on to Larry’s face and felt for him. But he knew it was important to mention the Beajah bridge fiasco too. It had been all Larry’s idea from the start.
‘And that bridge we’re nearly finished at Beajah,’ Dexter continued. ‘The one that crosses the mangrove swamp.’
Larry nodded his head like an obedient child being reprimanded.
‘No one seems to live on the far side. We spent a lot of money on that bridge. You told us it was vital; that we’d save lives. But there aren’t any lives to save on the far side of Beajah, Larry. We’ve been wasting our time.’
Larry frowned. ‘What do you suggest we do then? You want to do nothing like everyone else in Monrovia? You want to sit on your bum and wait for the war to start again? Honestly, sometimes I think you guys want this war to continue.’
Dexter could see he had hurt Larry’s feelings, but he would not be accused of being like the rest; he too despised doing nothing.
‘What I’m saying is that maybe we should research the problems a little more closely before pumping money into them in future. We don’t want to be helping these damn warlords in their war efforts.’
‘Look, I’ve lived here for thirty or so years. I know this country better than anyone. I was here when Samuel Doe took power by force in ’80. I dug the wells with my own hands …’
‘The ones that are now poisoned with corpses,’ Dexter interrupted.
‘They may be poisoned now, but they kept people alive for a decade. You lot think you know it all, breezing in and out of places, telling us all what’s best to be done, and then you leave to go someplace else. But we stay. And we’re the ones who have to clean up after you. I may well be giving too much food to the people and opening up roads to nowhere, but at least I’m trying for God’s sake. At least I’m not doing nothing.’
The conversation was over and Larry was visibly trying hard to compose himself. Dexter mumbled an apology, and withdrew to buy palm wine off a man at the side of the road. It had been a tough conversation but a necessary one. And although Larry had made his point, maybe the next time he had a brainwave he would put a bit of thought into it first.
The jeep chugged back slowly to Tubmanburg, the two men in silence. The rats were quiet too, perhaps sensing a fresh tension between friends.


On the day that Maurice arrived into Monrovia, the Beajah bridge project was finally completed. It was a project that Dexter had worked hard on, doing most of the logistical work himself with some assistance from Victor. Larry was unable to be there to see the final board nailed into place, but had sent his regards. Dexter distributed palm wine and cigarettes and donated two chickens as a thank-you to the workers who had done well, and were now sitting and talking loudly in the shade of the palaver hut in the village of Beajah.
Dexter hung around for a while feeling bored. He looked at the bridge in the distance. It was a fine construction, and a sudden sense of pride welled up inside him. He needed to cross it one more time he felt, to admire the workmanship that had gone into it, to feel the boards beneath his feet, to rub his hand along the rail, to wallow in the moment. The workers were getting drunk quickly anyway and had no need of his company. Victor was by the Land Rover, his foot ledged on the bumper, chatting up some local woman. Dexter had the bridge all to himself.
What a construction! he thought, as he walked along, looking down between the gaps in the boards at the swamp some twenty metres below him. What a piece of work!
When he reached the far side, he looked around at the old rubber trees and imagined what life must have been like for the plantation workers throughout the ages. Perhaps Larry was right. It seemed feasible that a sizeable population might have lived there once, maybe even in Larry’s time, in the now-vacant and broken-down outhouses that were scattered around the bush. He looked back at the village. They had lit their fire. The chickens were ready to be roasted. He had some time yet.
He ventured in on foot following the road that led for a few hundred yards into the bush. The sun was high in the sky and he could feel the heat starting to burn his forehead. He took his cap from out of his back pocket and placed it on his head, peak down, as he made his way into the shaded canopy of the forest that seemed, once within, to have a fairytale-like enchantment to it. He walked for some time, careful to check his bearings, enjoying the solitude and the fulfilling sense of calm.
And it was then that he suddenly saw them in a clearing, no more than a hundred yards to his right. Immediately he ducked down, his instincts sharp, and his senses suddenly alert. His heartbeat quickened. He felt its beating in his chest as he lay flat on the earth, hardly daring to breathe. He looked around for cover, and spotted a deep thicket close by. He crawled towards it, slowly and silently, and slid his body down into a hollow that lay beneath the slightest of ledges made by the root of a tall tree. Had they heard him? He suspected they had not or something would have happened by now. He waited, breathing hard. After a few minutes, he removed his cap and edged himself upwards to peer over the ledge.
There they were. Twenty or so boy soldiers, armed combatants, slouching around three pickups with large guns attached to the trailers. Dexter peered through the tussock grass into the clearing. Some were smoking, some playing cards, some cleaning their boots. The two closest to him were chatting in low tones under a tree whose branches splayed in all directions. It was as if they were all waiting for something.
In the shade of another tree, half exposed under blue canvas by the edge of the clearing across from him, he noticed sacks of food – maize and beans, by the look of it. The initials, ‘UNWFP’, were clearly visible in white ink. Dexter knew immediately where they had come from. He and Larry had been distributing them for months. Food For Work indeed!
Dexter slipped back quietly and carefully into his covert. His legs were shaking. He placed his palms firmly on his thighs to steady them. He thought hard about Beajah, about Spat’s concerns, about the boys loitering behind him, and how it all could possibly fit together.
Suddenly he heard footfalls and lowered his head quickly. He leaned in towards the ledge, pushing his body downwards into the thicket. He placed his head between his knees and cupped his hands over the nape of his neck. The footsteps were coming in his direction. He heard the shuffling foliage and held his breath once more. He listened. The noise stopped right above his head. He could smell the body odour. Had he been spotted? There was a pause. Nothing. Then, taking him a few seconds to realise what was happening, he felt a warm, wet sensation as the boy’s urine flowed down through the tangle of fronds on to the back of his hands and head, trickling down the route of his spine till the seat of his pants was sodden.
He bit his lower lip and closed his eyes tightly. He tried to think of something pleasant but his efforts were futile. Surely all the boy had to do was to look down, just a single glance through the fronds, and he would be discovered for sure.
A booming voice made him jump. It rang out and echoed through the trees. It was an order of some kind. The voice of a man, not a boy. And Dexter was clearly not the only one to be startled by it. The spraying urine leapt beyond him a good three feet into the bush, and swiftly ceased. He heard the sound of a zip being quickly retied and running feet through the foliage away from him into the clearing. Again he waited. There was some talk. Then he heard the sound of doors being opened and shut and engines started.
He knew he should sit tight. It was the sensible thing to do. But there was something about that voice, and an innate sense of deep curiosity on Dexter’s part, that gave him the urge to peep his head over the ledge one more time. And it was then that he saw him in the lead vehicle – the man among boys, the voice of authority – with a face that was ever-so-vaguely familiar. Where had he seen those eyes before? Where in all of Liberia?
The vehicles moved off into the thickness of the trees in the opposite direction to Beajah. Dexter waited till they had long disappeared before moving quietly from his position and, bending low, ran back as fast as he could to the path that led on to the road. He was glad to see his bridge again, crossing it quickly back into the village square where his Land Rover and Victor were patiently waiting.
‘What’s wrong?’ Victor asked, concerned for his out-of-breath and rather disheveled-looking boss.
‘Nothing,’ Dexter replied quickly. ‘Drive me to Tubmanburg! I need to speak with Larry.’
Victor did not comment on the smell on their short drive to Tubmanburg, but opened his window to the full and once or twice looked sideways at Dexter as if expecting an explanation. Dexter kept his eyes firmly forward, unwilling to explain.
At the Catholic Mission Larry was saying Mass, a celebration that involved much singing and hand-clapping under a makeshift palaver hut with a small cross on its apex. It was pleasant though, waiting in the shade, and it gave Dexter the time he needed to calm himself and dry off.
Dexter followed Larry to his office where the old priest disrobed and started searching around distractedly for something he seemed to be missing.
‘You know, Larry,’ Dexter began as impassively as he could muster. ‘Maybe you were right after all. Maybe there are some people on the far side of that bridge.’
‘Oh yes, I’m sure there are some alright,’ Larry replied nonchalantly. ‘I say, you haven’t spotted my breviary lying around? I put it down somewhere this morning and I can’t for the life of me remember where.’
Dexter looked around him. The office was a mess. He went to a locker by the door and lifted some items strewn about carelessly. ‘About those people,’ Dexter continued. ‘The ones across the bridge …’
‘Oh, you’re not still on about that! Look, I admit it. It was an error of judgment on my part. What more can I say? And anyway, once the elections are over, some IDPs are bound to return. The bridge won’t go to waste, you mark my words,’ he said. ‘Is it there in that box?’
‘What?’
‘My breviary.’
‘Oh,’ Dexter replied. ‘Let me check.’
He sifted through what looked to be very old hymnals, frayed at the edges with tattered leatherette covers. They searched in silence for a minute.
‘Larry?’ Dexter said, choosing his approach carefully. ‘Where do you think all that food we’ve been distributing has gone? I mean it’s quite a lot when you think about it.’
Larry stopped what he was doing and stared now at Dexter who was bent over the box in the corner. ‘What do you mean?’
‘Well all this food we’ve been distributing. I mean where’s it all gone? There’s hardly anyone about up here apart from the handful we’ve seen in a few villages and, of course, the people here at your Mission. I mean where do you think …’
‘Are you accusing me of something?’ Larry suddenly said, in a tone that Dexter had never heard from him before. If Dexter did not know Larry better, he would have felt intimidated.
‘There’s something going on beyond that bridge, Larry,’ Dexter said gravely. ‘I’ve been up there. I’ve seen it.’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘Soldiers. Boys. A small army with transport. I’ve been up there, Larry. What’s going on?’
The two men stared at one another for a moment. Larry then turned his head to look out of the window. In the yard were children dancing and kicking a home-made football on the red laterite. By the palaver hut, two girls were chasing a mongrel dog. A group of men were playing a game of stones under the shade of a large tree with odours of sweet decay in the air, and a termite mound stood untouched by Larry’s jeep. The Catholic Mission in Tubmanburg was doing just fine.
Larry sat down as if relieving himself of a heavy weight. Dexter followed. They continued to look at one another for a moment. It seemed to Dexter that Larry was sizing him up. This was not the benign, friendly face he knew.
‘Dexter!’ he said at last. ‘Why do they call you Dexter?’
Dexter thought about it for a moment. ‘Because they can’t pronounce the ‘s’ in Des. They started off calling me Dex. And then before I knew it, it was Dexter.’
‘Do you know what the word “dexter” means in Latin?’
‘No.’
‘It means “on the right”.’
‘Oh,’ Dexter replied. So what? he thought.
‘And the Lord said: “Sit at my right hand till I make your enemies your footstool”,’ Larry added.
‘Oh, right. Bible is it?’
‘That’s right Dexter. And I’m a man of God. Meant to love my enemies. Meant to show compassion. Just like Jesus did. He ate with tax collectors and forgave prostitutes.’
Dexter thought about Ciatta in her short, tight skirt. He wished Larry would get to the point.
‘I’ve been working here thirty years. It’s all I know now. This Mission, Bomi, Liberia. I’ve seen the good times and the bad. And I’ve seen a lot of bad things, believe me. But I’m still here. This is where God has chosen to put me and this is where I’ll die.’ He paused to look out the window again. ‘We’ve been selling the food for a small profit to a band of soldiers on the far side of the bridge. That’s partly why we built the bridge too – to transport it across. I’m sorry. Really I am.’
Dexter could not believe what he was hearing. ‘You what? You mean to tell me I’ve been breaking my ass to feed an army all this while, and you’ve known all about it? What kind of stupid moron are you, Larry? Christ almighty!’ he exclaimed in disbelief.
‘Well how the hell else was I supposed to get money for the Mission? You tell me! How do you think we’ve survived up here these past seven years? Manna from heaven?’ His cheeks were flushed.
‘But what about what we’ve been doing?’
‘What you do up here, Dexter, is a drop in the ocean for what these people need. Where do you think all the rest comes from: the clean water, the tools, the roofs for the schools, the schoolbooks for the kids? So what if we sell some food to some soldiers? They need it too. Otherwise they’d be looting our stores and we’d be history.’
Dexter leant back on his chair and blew through his cheeks looking at the ceiling above Larry’s head.
‘I’m sorry Dexter. I should have told you, but I thought you’d stop helping us, and that bridge was important.’
Dexter shook his head. ‘Jesus, Larry, you’ve landed yourself right in it this time,’ he said.
Larry looked at his calloused hands.
‘Okay, look,’ Dexter continued calmly after a lengthy pause. ‘First, let’s not tell Pat. She’ll blow a fuse. Secondly, get your villagers to stop trading with those boys immediately. They’re bad news. And thirdly …’
‘But how are we to earn money?’
‘They’ve got guns, Larry. Big ones. They’re meant to have all disarmed by now. They’re up to something and they mean business. I know it!’
‘Okay, okay!’
‘Thirdly, I need you to make personal contact with them if you can. You know the right people to ask. You said … Jesus, Larry!’ Dexter suddenly realised something. ‘You said,’ he began again slowly. ‘That you thought you saw that UN man, the one who’s missing, in the back of a vehicle near Klay.’
‘Oh,’ Larry replied, making an awkward face.
‘Don’t tell me he was with those boys. Don’t tell me that, Larry.’
Larry was silent.
‘You mean you continued to give them food when you knew they had kidnapped a UN official? Jesus Christ, Larry! I know the guy. I used to drink with him at the weekends. You probably even know him yourself.’
‘Well what was I supposed to do?’ he asked defensively.
Dexter shook his head and spread his hands. ‘This is what you’re going to do,’ Dexter then decided firmly. ‘You’re going to look for that guy. You bloody well owe it to him. You’re going to find out where they’re keeping him, and when you hear of anything, you’re going to tell me immediately. You got it?’
Larry nodded obediently.
‘And you’re going do nothing else besides, until I’ve had some time to think. God, Larry, why didn’t you tell me?’ Dexter then added with disappointment.
The two men sat in contemplative silence for a moment. On the wall, over Larry’s head, was a simple wooden cross with the silver figurine of Larry’s faith staring down at him. On a small shelf beside the cross was a leather-bound book.
‘Your breviary,’ Dexter said pointing towards it.
‘What? Ah, good man!’ Larry said, when he turned to look up at the shelf. He stood up gingerly to retrieve it. ‘I’m always losing things these days. You’d swear I’d Alzheimer’s!’
‘Far from it, you mad eejit,’ Dexter replied with a slight smile.
Then both men laughed.


The following day, Father Larry’s jeep approached Gayah Hill with a great deal of care. The road was dusty, soon to be awash with rain that would duly turn the dust into muck and moisten the crumbling turf to a dangerous degree. The sloping banks on either side would soon be mud-filled from the overflow, and should the worst happen (a possibility that Larry dreaded) a vehicle would have to be abandoned for months until the rains subsided and the wheels could again gain some grip. It was not an appealing prospect, and for this reason Larry was taking his time.
He was alone at the driver’s wheel. He knew that people were quietly offended at the vermin that infested his old banger and so were usually reluctant to travel with him. Whenever an alternative vehicle was about, they invariably opted for it, something he regretted but did not overly concern him. He liked his own company, and the rats needed somewhere to live too.
Larry had never grown tired in all his years of traveling the same roads and dust tracks. He still loved the surrounding flora and the occasional fauna (mainly shy armadillos and the occasional snake) that he admired along the various routes. No one ever seemed to be as awestruck as to how rubber was collected in the little brown cups that were strapped to the trees once the bark had been slit and stripped a little. Or how palm wine was extracted to the detriment of the palm tree, or how coconut milk was miraculously sterilised by nature. Sometimes he wondered if he was the only person who had ever truly appreciated Liberia in all its natural beauty.
As his jeep struggled up the incline to the top of the ridge, his mind wandered to Father Cormac and Kumba. Larry was only waiting for the day when she would proudly announce that she was going to have a baby. She had brought it up in conversation some months back, much to Cormac’s obvious discomfort at her openness who was clearly trying to catch her eye to shut her up. At first Larry pretended he did not understand Kumba’s meaning and had tried in vain to change the subject, but when she persisted, he could only sit there and listen with a bewildered look on his face. How could Cormac be so flippant? Celibacy was one of the fundamental cornerstones of their belief. Fornication was a sin. And if the bishop ever decided to grace them with a visit, he knew that Cormac would never be allowed home to Ireland again in his vestments.
His back wheels spun and skid a little, making Larry’s heart momentarily flutter. It took all of his limited skill and attention not to steer his vehicle down the steep bank to his left, below which lay a gully. He was not a good driver anymore and was acutely aware of this fact. Perhaps it was his advancement in years that had deteriorated his spatial sense, but of late in particular he could not seem to reverse his vehicle without bumping into something. He dreaded the rainy season. How could he do his job if he could not access his villages? Beajah bridge would come in useful some day, he knew, when the war ended and the IDPs returned home. He hoped Dexter would find it in his heart to forgive him in the meantime.
Larry had first come across the village of Gayah Hill when he was still a relatively young man. In the long, intervening years, it had become his favourite village in Bomi County, a fact he would never let on to anyone; he would not like to be accused of preferential treatment. And especially now that the IDPs were filtering back to their villages slowly, he was at pains to avoid the place, sometimes for prolonged periods of time.
But he missed his congregation there whose spirits he admired greatly. More than half of the villagers of Gayah Hill had remained during the conflict, largely due to his insistence. And even though some of them had lost their lives in the conflict and a handful of children were abducted to be used as child soldiers in the war, the elders had never held it against their parish priest. And he rewarded them for that loyalty, providing roofing for their school (the old tarpaulin having been looted by ULIMO rebels) and whatever school furniture and materials he managed to wrangle from Unicef.  He even rallied them to refurbish the sorry-looking palaver hut as a makeshift church with local thatch reeds, which, although inferior to the preferable corrugated-iron sheeting, enabled his saying of Mass there once a month or so.
Larry revved the engine, spinning the back wheels, and propelling him forward over the ridge that led down into the dusty open square. He was reminded of Dexter’s probably sensible advice, on his one and only visit to the place, not to construct a well beside the hill he was now descending rapidly. Although the water source from the lower gully was not connected to the creek at Jawajeh, where many corpses during the build-up to Octopus had been dumped, it would still involve a ridiculous amount of unnecessary digging and weeks, possibly months, of labour. Dexter’s suggestion to dig it at the lower-lying Besao village, albeit a four-mile hike there and back, was a good one. But how was he going to tell Momalu, the village chief at Gayah Hill, having promised him that the women would no longer have to make such a journey every day? It was a meeting he had been dreading.
At first, when Larry spotted the cage, he thought it was some kind of container and his heart dropped. Had someone been helping the village in his absence? It could not be possible. The village would never go behind his back. Maybe they had grown tired of waiting for his return, he thought. Perhaps they had approached a local NGO? But Larry knew well enough that if, on the off-chance, a local NGO did manage to secure the funding and were indeed to follow through by actually delivering supplies instead of fluffing about while the money dwindled, they would have boasted about it to their international counterparts, and he would have heard.
Then, to Larry’s absolute horror, beside the cage which was slowly coming into focus, he spotted two motley-clad soldiers, youngish boys by the look of it, lounging around and smoking. There were empty beer bottles on the ground along with other strange-looking paraphernalia: dolls, rattles, shells, and saucers. Not juju, surely; not here, in Larry’s good Catholic village.
In the cage, if his eyes did not deceive him, a white man was crouching over a bucket doing his business. Larry’s mouth opened as his face dropped. Never! Not here of all places! Not Gayah Hill! How dare they blemish his corner of the world with their crimes! And what was this white man doing in a cage, he wondered, apart from the immediate obvious? Father Larry’s blood pressure was rising.
The caged man quickly fixed himself up as the jeep came to a halt. The two boys, instantly recognising the vehicle, seemed confused as to what to do next. They lifted their rifles reluctantly, the smaller one looking to the other for direction. From the shadows of the surrounding trees, the villagers emerged, making their way with purpose towards the jeep. Larry shut down the engine and got out slowly. In seconds, he was surrounded by a multitude of irate voices and gestures of hands, some pointing towards the road beyond the ridge, others motioning the cage. The combatants, clearly agitated by the sudden claustrophobic commotion, began to push and prod with their rifles, but to little effect. Larry could not make sense of all the noise. It was just about as much as he could bear.
‘BE QUIET!’ he roared at the top of his voice.
An immediate, obedient silence descended. Their Father was cross. 
Larry glared at the soldiers. He knew them to see at once, although their faces looked older than he remembered – more angular and drawn. It had been some time. The taller of the two was young Johnnie from Government Farm and the other young Sando from Bowein, two boys who had once attended the primary school at the Mission. Good, helpful boys, he recalled, before they had vanished some years back into the bush. He looked at them now, gaunt in their appearances with bloodshot eyes and breaths that stank of marijuana. What had they done to them? Who could do such a thing to a child?’
He turned to Momalu and asked him to explain.
‘They come in big truck with that man in cage yonder-o,’ Momalu said, removing his straw hat and pointing at Finn. ‘They say no tell nobody or Gayah Hill finish for true. We no want no trouble, Fadda Larry, no trouble-o.’
Larry looked again at the boys.
‘Is this true, Johnnie? Sando? Did you bring this man to Gayah Hill? And lower those weapons at once or you’ll both get a hiding you won’t forget in a hurry.’
The two boys looked at one another and decided reluctantly to comply. They had known Father Larry all their lives, and he was not a man to joke about a hiding. Both had felt the back of his hand in their time.
‘We just do what de chief say,’ Johnnie, the taller of the two, replied.
‘Who?’ Larry continued. ‘What who says?’
‘Lieutenant Mulbah. He our chief. Chief of de LFF.’
‘LFF?’ Larry wondered aloud. It did not ring a bell.
‘We corporals in de Liberian Freedom Fighters,’ Sando attested with pride.
There was snide laughter among the villagers.
‘Hush!’ Larry said, looking around crossly. ‘You boys are doing a very bad thing. Can’t you see that?’ Larry addressed the taller of the two. ‘Johnnie! You’re a good boy. Your mother’s at Gbah. I’ve seen her and she’s …’
‘I ain’t got no mudda,’ he interrupted. ‘She dead. You lying-o!’
‘She’s not dead, Johnnie. I’ve seen her. She’s been so worried about you. She’s alive and living in the IDP camp at Gbah. I can bring you to her. She’d be so happy …’
‘You lying, Fadda,’ Johnnie now shouted and raised his rifle. Larry chose to ignore the threat.
‘I can bring you to her,’ he repeated. ‘Then we’ll see who’s lying. And Sando,’ he said, now addressing the other boy whose head was bowed, still piqued by the villagers’ mockery. ‘I confirmed you in your village. Don’t you remember? This is a bad, bad thing you’re doing, and I want you to stop it right now, do you hear me? I want you to drop your guns and let that man out of this cage! You boys do that now, and then we’ll talk some more.’
There was an approved murmur among the crowd. The boys looked anxious.
‘We can no do dat, Fadda,’ Sando said. ‘He gone punish us bad. You done understand. He gone punish you too.’
‘Yeah, he right Fadda,’ Johnnie added. ‘He gone eat your heart out-o. You gone have to go now. And no tell no one or you vex de chief.’
‘How can you talk like this? You’re good boys. You even served at my altar, Johnnie, when you were just a kid. What’s happened to you?’
‘You gotta go now Fadda,’ Johnnie repeated, looking anxiously at the ridge.
‘Give me the keys!’ Larry demanded.
Both boys now pointed their rifles at his chest.
‘We done got no keys-o,’ Johnnie said. ‘De Lieutenant take de keys ’way. He say if de white man gone disappear, we gone disappear too.’
Larry looked at them with a frown and then beyond them at Finn who was sitting listening carefully from his cage. Larry walked towards him and crouched down.
‘You’re the missing UN man, right?’ Larry whispered.
‘Yeah, sure I am. Get me out of this thing. These guys are nuts.’
‘Mm,’ Larry said meditatively. ‘Only they say they don’t have the keys.’
‘Well get them to shoot the damn lock off then.’
‘Ah! Yes, of course. Good idea!’
How did he not think of that himself? Finn wondered. Some rescuer!
Larry stood and addressed Sando. ‘Shoot the lock off this thing,’ he said pointing down at the cage.
‘We no gone do dat Fadda,’ Johnnie said, releasing the safety catch on his rifle. Sando followed Johnnie’s lead.
‘I’m talking to Sando, Johnnie. You keep out of this! Sando, shoot the lock now please!’
Sando hesitated and looked at Johnnie. Larry took a step in Johnnie’s direction.
‘You leave dat be, Sando, you hear. You leave dat be-o!’ Johnnie warned.
At once and with ferocious energy that stunned everyone in the village, including the victim, Larry slapped Johnnie hard on the cheek who staggered backwards holding his face with his free hand. He regained his balance and stared at Larry with ferocity. Sando stood rooted to the spot.
‘What you go do dat for, Fadda?’ Johnnie said angrily. ‘You gone get us all killed. Now you go clear off! You go way-o!’
Larry looked hard at the boy before him. He thought that tears might be welling up in his eyes, but it was hard to tell by their already bloodshot state. ‘What have they done to you, Johnnie?’ he said now with great tenderness, reaching his hand out. ‘What have you become?’
‘A man!’ he shouted back, pulling away. ‘Dey made me a man-o. You no longer my Fadda. You no right hitting me no more. You go way now and you say nutting. Nutting to no one or we gone tell de Lieutenant you been here-o.’
Larry thought about Dexter’s words: find out where they’re keeping him, and tell me immediately … And do nothing else besides. He looked again at Finn. ‘Don’t worry,’ he said loudly enough to be heard by all. ‘I’m going to get some help.’
‘What?’ Finn said in disbelief. ‘You’re not going to leave me here, you mad bastard! Don’t go! Get me out of here right now!’
‘I will. I promise. Be patient!’ he said, a little put out by the rudeness of Finn’s remark. ‘And don’t call me a bastard. It’s Father Larry to you, and don’t forget it!’
‘You gone get no help, Fadda. You gone tell no one!’ Johnnie urged, his stinging cheek turning violet.
‘That’s right!’ Finn shouted. ‘You’re not going to get help. You are the damn help.’
Larry walked over to the village chief and whispered something in his ear. The villagers looked on as Momalu nodded solemnly. Larry then proceeded to his jeep.
Johnnie and Sando watched the movements of the priest closely, their rifles still raised, as he opened the driver door and got in.
‘Come back here!’ Finn shouted. ‘Where the hell are you going?’
Momalu motioned the villagers to follow him into the trees, which they dutifully did with troubled expressions. Larry started his engine, put his foot down, and turned towards the incline.
‘COME BACK!’ Finn roared at the departing vehicle.
As Larry’s jeep struggled to the top of the ridge, he heard first the shriek of a rat, then a low grumbling engine noise, and finally an almighty backfire that blasted its way into the clearing, the scalded creature being expelled out the exhaust pipe with remarkable trajectory. The startled Johnnie and Sando, so long in the bush on the edge of their immature nerves, instinctively pulled their triggers, their arms vibrating with the force of their magazines’ automatic releases.
If a person were not deafened enough already by seven years of shooting, and if on the off chance they were listening very hard indeed from as far away as the Catholic Mission in Tubmanburg, they might perhaps have heard the multitude of rifle rounds discharged into the back of Larry’s jeep, causing him to swerve violently to his right, and his old banger to tumble dramatically and several times downwards into the gully below, before a calm and perfect silence descended on the little village of Gayah Hill.


10. George Cavendish


George was convinced that certain people called him names behind his back and that most of his colleagues considered him odd at best. What they did not realise, of course, and therefore failed to take into consideration, was that he had a juju curse on his head since his early days as a UN volunteer in Sierra Leone.
Along the way, some bizarre twists of fate and circumstance, most of which were out of his control, had gotten him promoted to UN Head of Mission in In-Town Monrovia. He was vaguely aware of his organisation’s mandate but he had long since forgotten its essence and now spent most of his days locked up in his office pretending he was out surveying some project or other. For the most part he got away with this, but now a huge headache was on its way. Election monitors, hapless interferers, would soon be arriving by the plane load who were sure to ask him an infinite deal of questions to which he was expected to know the answers. This meant having to remind himself, among many other brain-numbing tasks, of his organisation’s mandate, a document laid out on the table before him for the last hour that he had not had the energy to open.
He was sure that he was not a self-centred man, although he had grown so accustomed to his own company of late that if he were labeled as anti-social, he might concur somewhat. But this was only because he was concerned that his house might be a target for attack some day, especially if Charles Taylor did not get elected in July. And it was not beyond reason. He had been encouraged by his head office to make a public statement condemning Taylor’s Operation Octopus incursion to the capital the previous April twelve-months, when everything in Monrovia, every last item, every toilet seat and roof tile, was looted and shipped off to foreign parts. Taylor then had the nerve to deny all culpability, blaming it entirely on the ULIMO factions of Alhaji Kromah and Roosevelt Johnson and on his old ally Prince Johnson’s INPFL. No one in their right mind believed it. For seven years Taylor had denied all accusations aimed at him, defending rigorously his sometimes remarkable decisions, believing the international community was out to get him. He was not entirely wrong in his analysis. And George had been the chief mouthpiece of Taylor’s condemnation.
Why was it, he wondered, that he was tipped so hotly to win? Fear, yes! Charisma, perhaps! Suitability, no! But George was long enough in the game to know that money and only money won elections. Octopus had handsomely paid for the ubiquitous billboards, NPP T-shirts, badges, propaganda newspapers, and bribed radio airwaves, that whispered to a nation in so many voices it neared a deafening scream: Taylor! Taylor! Taylor!
Looking down the list on his clipboard, he read the various names: Charles Ghankay Taylor (National Patriotic Party), Alhaji G.V. Kromah (All Liberia Coalition Party), George E.S. Boley, Sr. (National Democratic Party of Liberia). Some of the names were as bizarre as the candidates themselves: Chea Cheapoo and George Washington. One of them was promising to build a two-hundred mile highway from In-Town Monrovia to his remote village somewhere up north in Lofa County. Most of them would not even get twenty votes, not to mind win a national election. If it were not for the potentially disastrous consequences to the electorate of choosing incorrectly, the situation would be verging on comical. He was glad (as the UN were in general) that Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf had declared herself a candidate. The great, black, pro-Western hope – God Save Liberia!
George never travelled without a convoy of white Land Cruisers with blue UN signs and symbols on the doors and bonnets. Once home, he locked his gate, a chain, two padlocks, and a complex iron bar system. His windows were iron-grilled with bulletproof panes, and his steel front and back doors each had a spy-hole and numerous locks that took him an age to secure. He no longer allowed his domestic staff to retain keys, and would not let fresh faces work in his house without supervision. Whenever anyone called, which was rare, he made some lame excuse on his intercom, and rarely apologised later. In this way, George felt that his life might be prolonged enough to get sent back to Geneva, or perhaps New York, or indeed anywhere in the world but Liberia.
He had no television, only a few books which he had already read, and rarely listened to his shortwave radio. At the weekends, for distraction and to keep active, he painted and papered his walls with various colours and patterned rolls he bought in the Lebanese hardware store down the street. This helped to keep his mind focused. He did not like to sand or strip wallpaper though. The scraping aggravated his nerves, and so he papered or painted over what was already there, and then again and again. He tired of colours and shapes quickly; he tired of most things quickly. And because of this, the walls of George’s house were closing in on him slowly.
Right now, he was sitting in his office hoping no one would knock on his door. He was considering the Finn situation. He was not at all sure what to do. Geneva was barking down the phone at him, hungry for details and answers. He met with Dexter the day after the incident who had told him that they had been drinking at a local bar, and then digressed with some babble about ECOMOG and frog-hopping, which George did not understand and certainly did not care too much about. How many warnings had he given to Finn? How many times does one have to stress the importance of personal safety in a dangerous place? They never listened. These young guys did not fear anything because nothing frightening had ever happened to them before. 
Well, he thought, Finn knew all about it now. George believed of course that he was still alive; they had no reason to kill him just yet. He would be a bargaining chip in the war for sure, something to be exchanged when the real shooting began. But what they would be hoping to exchange for his life, George had no idea. 
This was just what he needed now with the election monitors soon to be on his doorstep. As if he didn’t have enough on his mind! He could not stand crowds, and twenty-two was a large crowd. Perhaps he should leave the Finn situation on the boiler for a while until further contact was made by his abductors. Maybe the situation would fix itself. Finn might very well come strolling into the office one morning, laughing the whole thing off. It might all prove to be a storm in a teacup. Most likely in fact, he now told himself.
But it was not because George disliked Finn that he finally made this decision to do nothing. On the contrary, Finn stayed out of his way and didn’t bother him like some of the other volunteers. He too had worked at that basic level in his first year of service at an abandoned airstrip on the outskirts of Freetown. The site was ideal to camp temporarily the Liberian refugees arriving daily, all very tired and emaciated. He remembered the supply helicopters flying in and the dust that hovered long after their departure. It got into the eyes and up the nose, and was hard to wash off the skin.
The whole program was a messy affair from the start. The UN had appointed some jack-in-the-box, whose irresponsible decision-making had caused mayhem. The number of pit-latrines was grossly under-calculated, and by the time this important fact was realised, it was as good as too late. The heavy rains came, turning the red dust to mud. Cholera broke out just as their stores were running out of lime-disinfectant and then the vulnerables, mainly children, started dropping dead in their hundreds.
George had worked hard. They all had, and at night in their compound they partied like maniacs. Alcohol was arriving by the truckload. A Danish warehouse manager was flying in smoked salmon and Italian rosé, and no one was saying anything about it; no one cared, once the money kept flooding in.
George was luckier than most when the camp finally closed. His work had earned him a well-deserved promotion to Geneva, where he had spent six difficult months writing reports on improved methods of refugee camp management and emergency logistics, until his contract ran out along with his options. Then an old acquaintance who owed him a favour mediated a last-minute posting for him to Monrovia, and he signed the contract without a second’s thought. He had no other offers. What could he do? Where else could he go? It was Liberia or bust, and he chose Liberia.
And the only reason he now found himself UN Head of Mission in In-Town Monrovia was because he had been stationed in the country a great deal longer than anyone else. He spoke a little Liberian English, and a little was more than nothing. When his head office used to send out VIPs on junkets, he was the one they would gravitate towards. He knew the names of all the various political parties, the warlords, the myriad rebel groups and factions, the various international NGOs and their personnel and most local ones too. He was the obvious choice for the position when it eventually arose, one that few applied for.
But something had happened to George on that airstrip in Freetown all those years before that often caused him to hyperventilate in the dark. Some nights he never slept at all. Trying to suppress it was futile. It was even counter-productive. And so instead, he often tried to remember the exact sequence of events on the day that had changed everything for him.


He recalled the man’s face vividly. There were ritual scars (a Devil bush school graduate for sure) in straight but crude lines upon his cheeks. His hair was a rusty-dun colour, malnourished and matted. His eyes were bloodshot and wild, and looking into them was like staring at a mesmeric fire.
It was the morning after a heavy night’s gambling and drinking at Paddy’s Casino on the outskirts of town. The man had spent hours chanting loudly in a strange voice, deep and sonorous, from the tent he was confined to at HQ. He had made a crude wooden doll during the night with sticks tied together by knotted locks of hair, and held it up threateningly at George when he opened the door. The first of George’s senses to be offended was his smell. He saw, to his disgust, that the man was sitting in his own excrement. He was making eye contact, and began yelping in a frightful way that sent shivers down George’s spine.
The man had been confined – imprisoned was an ugly term – for correctly predicting the deaths of individual children in the camp. He would simply point at one, chant some incomprehensible babble, and within days they would duly be dead. The refugees were sure he was the cause of the cholera outbreak, and this superstition gave him power among the population. He was the one who controlled and corrupted the black market, all contraband passing his way. He was nothing short of a menace in George’s opinion, spooking them all out with his nonsense chants and lies. And he was clearly poisoning those children too with some herbal mixture he was concocting. George had discovered some of his potions on a routine inspection one afternoon; they came in different colours, each for a different ailment: sore joints, diarrhea, lust, revenge. He had had to be confined, as much for his own safety as everyone else’s.
And soon, once the pit-latrines were completed and fresh supplies of lime arrived, the vulnerables stopped dying, and the camp began to settle down well. The Head UN man, who due to some complex bureaucratic red tape could not be fired, had been sent to muck up some other program elsewhere, and George had found himself in charge of the camp with a skeleton staff of six. But they had managed. Soon, with hard work and much late-night play, the airstrip was altogether a nicer place to be.
But it did not escape George’s attention when a group of bereaved men began gathering outside the camp HQ, expecting the detainee’s expected release. They wanted him. They wanted to surround and ravage him like a pack of wild dogs, to pummel him with stones, to tear his skin off. George had tried to reason with them, but they wouldn’t listen. They waited patiently by the gate, morning, noon and night.
It was probably the hangover that had finally done it. George was in no mood that morning for nonsense. The man shouted at him as usual, pointing the juju doll in his direction, when he opened the door of the HQ tent with a dish of bulgar wheat porridge. The man’s flaming eyes locked on to his for a moment and then something happened that was almost too disgusting to bear. The revolting, choleric man picked up a handful of his own excrement and threw it squarely and accurately at George’s face.
George had never known such fury to lie within him. How low could a person sink? This thing in front of him was no man. He was a witch, a murderer, a profiteer, and he had just thrown shit in George’s face. He had been trying to protect the man, give him amnesty, save his life. But the eyes that now penetrated his, and those stained-brown teeth that laughed hysterically at him, was more than George could take.
He grabbed the man roughly, one arm up behind his back, and marched him unceremoniously towards the gate beyond which the mob was gathered. Through the grille, they saw him approach and understood that their moment had come. There was much shouting and calling. People were running from all directions. They would kill the cause of their children dying, the cause of cholera in the camp, the cause of all evil and pain. They would kill him and rip out his heart, and the man with the biggest grudge would eat it as an amulet. This would protect him. Everyone else would share the culprit’s innards, spreading the malice out amongst them, diluting it, to purge the terrible deed that they were about to commit.
When George reached the gate, the guards were slow to react. They were terrified of the now-frenzied crowd. George had to roar his order at them a number of times to make himself heard. They pleaded with him, frightened for their own safety.
‘They kill us all-o,’ one screamed.
‘Oh, nonsense,’ said George. ‘They just want to teach him a lesson, that’s all,’ he said. ‘Nothing to concern yourselves about. Now open it up!’
When the gate was finally opened, George (the human excrement still smeared to his cheek) threw the man awkwardly into the crowd, and what followed was nothing short of horrific. They beat his body and face with stones. Blood ran from his eyes, nose, and mouth. His teeth were snapped off. Even the women were dragging at his clothes and biting his thighs. George could only stand and stare, his mouth open in alarm at the massacre before him, before the guards quickly pulled him back inside the compound and reclosed the gates. He stood rooted to the spot. He was numb. What had he just done?
Soon the noise died down outside. He returned to his office to file a report on the missing man. Something was immediately obvious to George as he sat with the blank sheet of paper in front of him. He had seen something very dark and disturbing in himself, made manifest in the actions of that crowd, and nothing could ever be the same again. How could he ever get that picture out of his head, that picture which had haunted him every day since? It could never be erased. He could never deny it. He had killed a man once. And that was the juju curse on George’s head.


Dexter was waiting patiently outside George’s office door. He had only met him on a few occasions, one of which was at Spat’s fortieth party, and he had seemed civil enough, albeit a little grumpy, but Dexter had no personal gripes with George.
He had been told by the secretary, Maria, that George was busy, but that if he waited an hour or so, he might be lucky. Dexter had heard the rumours of George’s avoidance tactics but decided nonetheless to wait patiently. Maurice’s advice, albeit in a drunken state, had seemed reasonable enough. This should not really be his problem, he thought. Finn was UN. Why should they not help out in his search? Why did they seem to be doing nothing? Perhaps they were doing nothing. But why? And who should be doing more than Finn’s boss, whose habits were reported to have become so strange of late, that Dexter was afraid he might set dogs on him?
Maria received a message on her handset which she left the reception room to respond to, and then returned awkwardly. ‘I’m sorry, Mister McCabe. You’ll have to leave and come back again another time,’ she said.
‘Why?’ he asked.
Maria made a shrugging gesture and looked helplessly at George’s door.
‘I need to speak to him on urgent business,’ he said. ‘It’s about Finn.’
It took Maria a second or two to register. Finn! She had almost forgotten that name. George did not allow them to speak of him. He said the matter was on hand. But he had been saying that repeatedly for more than a month now, and still there was no sign of him.
‘Wait here! I’ll see what I can do,’ she said.
Dexter continued to wait, examining the posters on the wall. ‘Friends of Liberia,’ one advertised in bold print. ‘Here to Help’. It sounded like an election slogan, he thought. ‘Taste the Goodness of Liberian Fruit,’ another proudly attested, with an image of a boy handing a coconut to a grateful old man. Their purpose escaped him.
From inside, a heated, muffled exchange could be heard. Then there was silence for a moment.
‘Send him in then for Christ’s sake!’ he heard distinctly.
Maria reappeared a moment later. She gave Dexter a faint smile and a nod, and motioned him towards the inner fortress of George.
‘What is it?’ he asked rudely, as Dexter closed the door behind him. Dexter’s mouth was dry. He stared at the vacant chair. ‘Oh sit down then,’ George said impatiently. ‘This better be important!’
‘Nice office,’ Dexter began, looking around at the mostly blank freshly-painted white walls bar a notice board with some photos attached by coloured drawing pins.
‘Fine! Enough small talk! Now what is it you want?’ he said abruptly.
‘It’s about Finn. I was wondering if there was any update on his whereabouts since we last spoke?’
‘Finn?’ George barked. ‘That’s being taken care of. You don’t have to worry about him,’ he said, and paused. ‘Actually, it’s none of your business come to think of it.’
‘Well,’ Dexter said sheepishly. ‘I kind of think it is. I was there the night he disappeared, remember? He’s a … a good acquaintance of mine, I suppose. And I might be able to help in locating him. You see …’
‘You keep out of that!’ George snapped. ‘You keep well away if you know what’s good for you!’
Dexter was stupefied. Was that a veiled threat? he wondered.  ‘I’m sorry,’ he said as politely as he could muster. ‘I’m not sure what you mean.’
‘I mean, my dear man, that these guys, whoever they claim to be, most likely haven’t got the balls to touch him. How many whites have been abducted in situations like this over the last number of years only to be released, unharmed, as soon as they find that their demands fall on deaf ears? I say the best thing to do right now is nothing. Sometimes it’s the hardest decision of all to make. Let’s just wait and see. In the meantime, stop meddling!’
Dexter looked into the eyes of the man in front of him, and saw not a modicum of insincerity. Could he be right? But surely to do nothing would put his … friend, yes friend’s life in danger. Dexter suddenly felt an overwhelming desire to defend his position strongly. ‘What if you’re wrong? What then? Are you happy to have his corpse on your conscience?’ he said, surprised by his own self-assertiveness.
George’s face suddenly paled. There was something in those words that startled him greatly. Dexter watched as he stood and walked to the wall where a montage of black and white photographs of a refugee camp were haphazardly pinned on green baize. He brushed imaginary dust off one in particular and straightened it up.
‘Can I ask you a personal question?’ he said, his tone now softer.
‘Sure,’ Dexter replied.
‘Have you ever … killed a man?’
‘What?’ 
‘A man. Have you ever killed one?’
‘Of course I’ve never killed a man. What kind of question is that?’
‘Well I have,’ he said, staring at the image, as if his eyes could burn a hole in it. ‘I threw a man to a mob once. He had cursed me with some juju nonsense and threw his shit at me, and so I grabbed him and threw him to his death. Do you know that I can think of hardly anything else these days? It gets worse with time, you know; not easier.’
George stood, still staring at the image, with his back to Dexter.
‘It’s the nightmares I can’t stand. I’m afraid to go to sleep at night. I think I’m afraid of the dark,’ he said, as if talking to himself. ‘And on the odd occasion I do sleep, I wake with the sweats. All I want is a small amount of peace of mind; just to be left alone. I dread the company of people, and yet … well, I’m as lonely as hell.’
Dexter listened intently. It was a shocking revelation.
‘You don’t understand,’ George continued, turning now to face the seated man before him. ‘Or maybe you do? Maybe you’re running from something too? Don’t tell me you’re here in this place because you’ve nowhere better to be?’
‘Well, the thought had crossed my mind occasionally,’ Dexter said, feeling the need to say something. ‘But it’s not so bad really. I think I quite like it here actually,’ he added, suddenly thinking of Freda.
George immediately walked towards the door, which he opened briskly. ‘Then you find him, if you’ve nothing better to do. I haven’t the time or the inkling.’
Dexter rose. He was suddenly more concerned about George than Finn. He walked to the door and paused, staring George directly in the eyes. ‘You know,’ he said. ‘If I were you I’d get myself on the next plane to England. How long can you keep burying your head in the sand? You have a responsibility to yourself, and Finn, and all the others you’re meant to be helping, to get through this horrible war. And I don’t believe that crap about doing nothing being a hard decision at all. I think it’s a cop out.’
George was silent. The door was open.
‘We all have our ghosts,’ Dexter continued. ‘I let him wander off alone that night. I was too busy chatting up a prostitute. We should never have broken curfew. None of us. I should have let him stay at my house. I should have let them both stay,’ he added, thinking of Ciatta. ‘I know you warned him against it many times. My own boss warned me. And now he’s disappeared. And if no one else is bothered to do anything about it, then I will find him myself. I owe him that much.’
Both men stared at each other for a moment. Dexter’s face was flushed. George then walked past Dexter with purpose to his desk.
‘Close the door!’ he said.
Maria was hovering outside, inspecting the window slats. Dexter dutifully complied, having no idea what this unpredictable man was going to do or say next. He reached deep into the bottom drawer of his desk and, after some quiet cursing, found a photograph lying in a cardboard file. He handed it to Dexter who looked closely at the image.
There were trees in the background: coconuts and palms. On the ground there were strange items scattered. He saw tiger cowrie shells and immediately guessed juju. On the dusty earth in the foreground, Dexter saw strewn yams and cassava stalks. There were cola nuts too. In the centre of the picture was Finn sitting glumly in a rather small cage. There was a bucket in the corner and a blanket. There was a tin cup. Finn looked a little thin, but otherwise fine. There were child soldiers posing with rifles pointing at their hostage. He counted two in the photo which meant there must be only two in the village; he knew that Liberians could never resist a photo opportunity. In the background was a palaver hut with a thatched roof. Dexter noticed a small cross on its apex. He thought hard. A makeshift church perhaps? If the photo was taken in Bomi County, and a strong instinct told him that it was, then this makeshift church would be in Larry and Cormac’s parish. They covered the whole place between them with their rat-infested cars and hare-brained schemes. The place looked familiar, but he knew that the villages all looked rather similar and could not quite pinpoint it. Nevertheless, he was certain he had visited it. And if so, it would be close enough to Tubmanburg. This was an area he knew better than most. Where the hell was it? Klay? Bowein? Gayah Hill? Jawajeh? It had got to be one of those. His mind was racing.
George was waiting for Dexter to speak.
‘Where did you get this?’ he asked.
‘Stuck on my windscreen.’
‘When?’
‘About three weeks ago.’
‘What?’ Dexter replied incredulously. ‘And you hid it in your drawer?’
‘Read the back!’ George suggested and sat back down in his chair. Dexter flipped it over. There was a barely legible note. He read:

Hey you, UN guy,
We got you man. He in cage yonder. We gone eat his heart out. He gone cry like girl sometime. I say we gone eat you heart out too, white man. You vex us plenty. And you gone see us soon.
And you gone be sorry. 
NPFL 

‘NPFL!’ Dexter read out loud.
‘That’s right, National Patriotic Front of Liberia – Taylor’s boys.’ 
Dexter read the note again while George watched him patiently, his face drawn. ‘You’ve got to show this to someone.’
‘Who?’ George asked cynically.
‘I don’t know. ECOMOG or someone.’ 
‘Are you mad?’ George said. ‘You can see for yourself. They want me dead. They’re going to eat my heart out. It’s there in black and white. If I speak out once more against Taylor, I’m dead meat. Literally. I’m probably dead anyway. And Geneva are barking down the phone at me every day asking me what the hell I’m doing about it. What the hell can I do for Christ’s sake?’ he said, his voice now raised.
Dexter looked at him. There was genuine fear in his eyes. ‘I’m taking this,’ he said. ‘I know people who can help.’
‘You know nothing,’ George replied bitterly. ‘How long are you here? You can’t possibly know the bloody frustration of it all. This war just goes on and on. I’m sick and tired of it. All these pointless ceasefires and peace accords. We’re weeks away from the election of Africa’s most prominent warlord and there’s nothing any of us can do about it. Nothing! Not you, not me, no one! They’ll release Finn, trust me. Once Taylor gets elected, they’ll let him go. He’ll be no longer of use to them then. Take my advice. Stay well clear, Dexter.’
‘But what if you’re wrong?’ he inquired. ‘What if it’s not NPFL? Or what if Finn’s body washes up in the tide one morning? What then? How will you live with yourself?’
‘Haven’t you been listening to a word I’ve been saying?’ he snapped crossly. ‘I can’t live with myself as it is. I can hardly look in the mirror without smashing it to pieces. Finn will be fine and that’s my final word. A month from now he’ll be laughing about this. And he’ll have a story to tell his grandchildren, if they’ll ever believe him.’
Dexter felt mentally drained. Compared to George, Spat was a walk in the park. He placed the photo carefully in his inside pocket. When he reached the door, he turned. 
‘By the way, what I said about you going home mightn’t be a bad idea. I think you need a holiday. Why don’t you take that plane back to England? It might do you some good.’
‘England?’ George repeated, as if recalling something he had long since forgotten. ‘Is that where home is meant to be these days?’ 
Dexter opened the door. 
‘Wait!’ George said with a sudden urgency. ‘You … well, be very careful! These guys mean business. You watch yourself up there.’
‘Don’t worry,’ Dexter said. ‘I’ll be fine, I promise. You’re the one who needs to look out for yourself!’
 And with that he was gone.


George stared at his office door for a full ten minutes after Dexter left. The words, ‘I promise,’ echoed in his head. Promises! Promises! Dexter was just like him when one got down to it, he thought. Just like him and all the rest of the misfits in Liberia who had nowhere better to be, and nowhere to go.
He glanced again at the black and white photograph on the wall, the one of him taken on the airstrip in Freetown so many years ago. And the face that smiled back from beside the HQ tent, a young UN man in his prime, so full of enthusiasm and promise, was judging him still. And in the dark alone at night, he knew it was not the image of that juju man that haunted him, but the image of that face, his own one, soon to be smeared with excrement and crazed with fury, that would never let him rest.
He opened the middle drawer in his desk and fumbled around for a moment. He felt it, cool in his trembling hand. He removed it slowly, cocked the piece, stuck the revolver in his mouth, and blew his brains all over the freshly-painted wall behind him.


11. Brad Roberts


The Embassy of the United States of America, despite the ominous coiled fence of barbed wire that surrounded it, was the cleanest and freshest-looking building in Mamba Point. The stars and stripes flapped proudly above its blue and white-painted walls alongside a similar but noticeably smaller Liberian flag with its single star, unofficially the fifty-first state, as far as the Americo-Liberians were concerned anyway. Inside the well-guarded gates, where local security guards were on show (the Marine snipers were better hidden on the rooftop) were large doors that led into a corridor, off of which was the function room with an annex. Once a week, the cleared expatriates and local invitees came to watch a Hollywood movie, so recent it had not yet been officially released on video, which, among other treats, kept the Embassy staff from fearing they were missing out on anything from home. The annex housed a pool table and a bar, where drinks were subsidised and popcorn was made in a special machine that emitted a homely aroma. Altogether it was a very pleasant experience, and many looked forward to their Wednesday nights as a welcome, even luxurious, change of scene from the rather grubby bars and restaurants that were otherwise frequented. To be inside the Embassy was to be in another world: incubated, well looked after, distracted. And it was in the direction of the Embassy that Maurice and Spat now walked on their first night out together in some time.
At the ECOMOG checkpoint they were stopped and their passports were examined. One of the soldiers was eyeing Spat with a vague grin on his lips. It took her a few moments to recognise him.
‘Oh, you! And what’s so amusing tonight?’ she asked bluntly.
The soldier called to the other in the hut who emerged with curiosity. They conversed in a language unknown to Spat, and then began to snigger like boys.
‘What’s so damn funny?’ she asked again, now raising her voice.
‘Hey, Pat, take it easy, would you?’ Maurice said, surprised by her outburst.
‘Keep out of this, Maurice! I’ve met these guys before. Extorted twenty US dollars off us a while back. Isn’t that right?’ She addressed the more senior of the two. ‘Had a good laugh that day, didn’t you?’
‘Ah, yes,’ the soldier replied. ‘You do not look so well without your big boots, I think.’
‘She looks fine to me.’ Maurice interjected. 
‘Maurice!’ she snapped. ‘Be quiet! And give me a pen – I’m getting these guys names.’ Maurice halfheartedly fished in his inside pockets in vain. ‘I want your names!’ she said firmly.
‘Our names?’
‘To report you. For that day. You’re a disgrace to ECOMOG.’
‘You were holding up the traffic,’ the junior one replied unfazed. ‘Traffic offence. Obstruction. Twenty dollar fine. It’s the law.’
‘What law?’
‘Our law!’ the senior retorted with a great sense of authority. ‘We’re the law! And your white faces won’t protect you here, my friends. So I suggest you keep walking.’
‘Or what?’ Spat said, adamant not to be intimidated though wary of his tone.
The soldiers conversed briefly. Their answer was unexpected. ‘Frog jumps,’ they said simultaneously.
‘Frog jumps? Come on, Pat!’ Maurice said firmly. ‘Leave it! I’m too old for that sort of nonsense.’
Spat continued to stare at the soldiers for a moment. She was growing very weary of these layabouts who thought they could do whatever they pleased just because they carried guns.
‘Come on!’ Maurice urged forcefully, taking her by the arm and pulling her away. ‘Stop giving them the excuse, will you?’ he whispered to her crossly, further down the street.
The soldiers laughed loudly at their backs. It was as much as Spat could bear to keep her mouth shut.
When they reached the Embassy gates, Spat, still furious, flashed her laminated badge to the two Liberian security guards, and introduced Maurice as a new arrival.
‘You go,’ one said pointing to Spat. ‘You stay,’ indicating Maurice.
‘Oh for God’s sake!’ Spat snapped. ‘You know me by now. I’ve been here enough times. This is my new colleague. Stan Petrowski invited him.’
‘No badge, no entry!’ one said, as if learnt by heart.
‘You go on, Pat,’ Maurice said. ‘I’ll wait. You can explain it to them inside. And if they don’t let me in, I’ll be down at Papa Romeo bar. Dexter and his new girlfriend might even join me for a drink later. Go on!’
Spat did not like the sound of this. It was her night out with Maurice, not Dexter’s. ‘I’ll get you in. Just wait here!’
‘Right so. Hurry up!’
Spat went on inside while Maurice hung around by the gate. He was not much in the mood for small talk and popcorn. He would much rather be refused entry. That would get him out of the evening easily with a valid excuse, and without upsetting Spat. He still had half a bottle of whiskey to be drunk in the house, and for some reason Dexter had decided to stay at home. His new female friend was in a bad mood or something.
‘Hey you, lad!’ he said to one of the local security guards, after a few moments. ‘Hey, come here and watch this!’
The guard looked at him suspiciously as Maurice took out a coin from his pocket and placed it carefully on his thumb.
‘Now watch closely; I’m going to make it disappear. Are you watching?’
The guard stared intently at the coin as Maurice flicked it once and it seemed to vanish into thin air.
‘Oooh!’ the guard said impressed and called the second security guard over for a repeat performance. ‘Oooh,’ the both said in unison when he did it again. ‘Oooh!’
‘Here’s another,’ Maurice continued, both guards’ eyes now staring intently at his hands. He sat on the dusty ground and invited them to follow him. They looked at each other warily for a moment. One looked anxiously over his shoulder at the Embassy door. It would take some time for this man to be cleared. They knew this from experience.
‘Come on!’ he said, indicating. ‘I can’t show you unless you sit down.’
They sat down. One minute couldn’t hurt, and they had never seen magic quite like this before. Maurice rubbed the coin on his bare arm, letting it fall a number of times. He misdirected them with his apologies, and then picked it up surreptitiously with the other hand (the unexpected one) and lo and behold, much to the absolute astonishment of the two guards, when he rubbed his arm once more and opened his palm, the coin had vanished into the ether.
‘Oooh! It’s good, it’s good,’ they said, smiling broadly. ‘Show us another!’
By the time Brad Roberts reached the gate a good ten minutes or so later, Maurice had one guard (his eyes closed shut, head tilted to the sky) trying to lick the end of his own nose with his tongue, while the other was wincing in pain trying to get his thumb to touch the inner part of his wrist.
‘What’s going on here?’ Brad barked at the two guards who quickly startled and jumped to attention. Maurice remained seated, his head leaning slightly to one side, one eye closed to the glare of the sinking sun, looking up at an impeccably-dressed Marine. He had never been much fond of Marines, although the odd one, he had to admit, had broken the stereotype now and again.
‘What do you think you’re doing?’ Brad said accusingly to his guards.
‘Sorry, sir!’ They said, bowing their heads submissively.
‘My fault, my fault,’ Maurice said, rising to his feet and dusting down his backside. ‘Just showing them how to survive in the real world. That, or the circus.’
Brad Roberts gave the guards an ugly look as they walked back dejectedly to their hut. He would deal with them later.
‘So, what is it I can do for you?’
Maurice got the instant feeling, although he had never set eyes on this particular Marine before, that he had met him a thousand times or more in various guises: tall, fair-haired, smartly dressed, up-front business-like manner, believer, soldier, loser.
‘Oh, well … let me see,’ he began, looking past Brad to the door of the Embassy. ‘I think a 99 might be nice.’
‘A what?’
‘A 99. With hundreds and thousands.’
‘Ninety-nine hundreds and thousands of what? What are you saying?’
‘Oh, sorry, you guys call them sprinkles. I forgot.’
‘Look, sir, I don’t think I get you.’
‘No, indeed you don’t, Captain,’ he said, grinning widely. ‘I’m sorry,’ he said holding out his hand for a shake. ‘I’m Maurice McDonald – a new boy in town. Just came along to keep my friend inside happy.’
‘The name’s Brad Roberts. And it’s Sergeant, not Captain.’
‘Ah, a sergeant! Is that better than a captain? It’s not as good as a major, I know that much, and it’s pretty far off a general. But you hang in there, soldier,’ he said with mock integrity. ‘Maybe if you hang out here long enough, well … who knows?’
Brad stared hard at Maurice who was most clearly being a smart ass. But he recognised the name and knew he had a job to do. Stan had entrusted him with an assignment this time. This could be the one. He had to maintain his cool no matter what. ‘You’ve just arrived. Your colleague explained it to my superior inside. You want to come in, but you’ve no badge. Is that correct?’
‘Affirmative! No badge, no entry, right? So I’ll be on my way if that’s alright with you, Sergeant.’
Brad’s nostrils flared. Who was this wise guy? If it were not for his orders, he would kick his ass up and down United Nations Drive.
‘Oh, by the way,’ Maurice said, pointing at Brad’s holster. ‘Nice pistol! Bit on the small side, though. I presume it’s not loaded. Is it loaded? Fires blanks, does it?’
Brad’s eyes were flaming. He placed his hand over his gun. ‘It’s a 9 millimetre automatic – enough to take your head off at this range,’ he said threateningly.
‘At ease, Sergeant!’ Maurice said, suddenly concerned that he might have taken his efforts to avoid admittance a little too far. ‘I’m only messing with you,’ he said with a forced smile. ‘Listen, no hard feelings. Can I come in or what?’
Brad examined him closely. ‘You’ll need a pass. I can’t get you one tonight, but if you …’
‘Right so, I’m off,’ Maurice said, and turned to walk away.
‘Hey, wait!’ Brad said instantly panicked. ‘Wait, I’m letting you into Bomi … I mean, the Embassy,’ he corrected himself quickly. ‘I’m letting you in and I’ll see you in the morning when … ehm?’
Maurice looked at him and screwed up his face. ‘You’ll see me in the morning? Jesus! Next you’ll be asking me how I like my eggs done.’
‘No, wait! What? What did you just say?’
Maurice was conscious of that boundary once more. Marines could be tricky to play. ‘All I meant is that I like to have my breakfast in my own bed.’
Brad’s jaw felt tired; his face was beginning to sag.  ‘Look, come in! It’s okay. I’ll get your badge tomorrow. I’ll drop it to your house in the morning. What time do you leave? Hey, what the hell? I can even go with you.’
‘Go where?’
‘I mean if you’re going to Bomi County or somewhere tomorrow, I’d sure like to come along. To see the sights, you know. You scratch my back and all that.’
‘And you’re scratching mine how?’
‘By letting you in. By giving you that badge. That’s the deal. I mean … let’s make that the deal, right?’
An idea suddenly came to Maurice. ‘Oh, okay. I mean yeah. That’s fine actually. Better than fine in fact,’ he said now with interest. ‘Only about that badge – make the nationality British, not Irish, and you’ve got a deal. And that’s a big ‘B’ for British. And I need new ones issued to my colleagues too. You know them – Pat and Des, the Irish ones.’
Brad looked at him quizzically.
‘A fine race of people, the British,’ Maurice added. ‘Much rather be known as one of them, old boy. Much prettier flag.’
‘Oh. Well, I don’t know,’ he said, his face dropping. ‘I’ll see what I can do.’
‘Right so, I’m in. Popcorn and small talk it is!’ he said, clapping and rubbing his hands.
Brad looked sternly at the two security guards, who grappled in their rush to open the Embassy gates. Maurice followed behind the Marine, giving the two bewildered men the thumbs up, who smiled half-heartedly at the most unusual juju man they had ever set eyes upon.


They walked through the main doors into the corridor and on to the function room. Brad, though relieved, was quietly cursing himself at how badly he had handled this new man so far.
Maurice entered to see a huge cinema screen taking up most of the space of the back wall, the movie having already started. There were somewhere between thirty to forty people in the room, most sitting staring at the screen above, some standing around in pairs at the back of the gathering in conversation, others playing pool in the annex or drinking at the bar. As Maurice looked around him he saw people chewing popcorn everywhere – in bowls on people’s laps, on sideboards, in people’s cupped hands and on the floor. It was one big popcorn heaven or hell, depending on one’s perspective.
Maurice spotted Spat across the way, who gave him a little wave and a brief smile, and then continued chatting solemnly to a stern-faced woman of a similar age. There was the occasional outburst from one or two of the more enthusiastic members of the audience, but apart from that there was very little noise.
Maurice pulled up a seat at the edge of the group. It was a horror flick of some kind by the look of it. He looked over his shoulder to the bar beyond in the annex. He was suddenly thirsty for a beer.
From a corner of the room, Stan Petrowski watched as Maurice rose and disappeared. He was a bigger man than he had imagined and possibly a little older too. From Spat’s description of him, he had expected a harder face with colder eyes. Stan scanned the room looking for Bob whom he spotted loitering uneasily at the function-room door. When they made eye contact, Stan flicked his head quickly to one side, a clear indication for him to follow Maurice into the annex which he proceeded to do without delay.
At the bar, Maurice poured himself a beer, tossing some loose Liberian dollars into the glass bowl for that purpose. He turned to see Bob standing directly behind him. Hadn’t this guy had enough for one night? he thought. ‘Ah, you again!’
‘Not watching the movie?’ Brad asked.
‘Far too intellectual for my tastes, Sergeant. Hey listen, what are you having to drink? It’s on me.’
‘Well, thank you. Don’t mind if I do. A club soda will do just fine.’
‘Oh, right,’ Maurice said disapprovingly and tossed some more dollars into the bowl.
‘This movie,’ Bob attested proudly, walking around to get himself his drink. ‘I’ve seen it. The main guy, he’s this crazy nut whose lost his bottle. Then he meets this chick at a bar on Broadway ...’
‘Hey listen!’ Maurice interrupted. He looked around. ‘Do you play pool or something?’ he asked, indicating the now-vacant table.
‘Oh, sure. I’m the Embassy champ. Used to play back in my home town every night with the boys. Best days of my life.’
‘Right then. Ten dollars a game. Colours stick and name your pocket. Jump shots allowed.’
‘Fine,’ Bob replied, though not one for gambling. Not much one for pool either, Maurice soon noticed, as he screwed the white ball on his second shot into the cushion missing everything on the table. Some champ!
Soon Bob was in uninhibited free flow about Marine manoeuvres along the Embassy corridors in preparation for a likely assault and the capabilities of the latest weaponry to defend themselves against it. Maurice could do little to hide the disinterest in his expression. It was with some relief then, as he straightened up from potting the black ball with relative ease into the correctly-named last pocket, that he saw a new face looking down at him. A handsome one of sorts, he presumed.
‘Nice putt!’
‘Pot!’
‘Pot, yes of course,’ he laughed in self-reproach. ‘I was thinking of golf, wasn’t I? Nice to see you’re settling in. Welcome to our Embassy. Oh, sorry, Stan’s the name,’ he said, extending his hand.
‘Wait, wait,’ Maurice replied, placing his hand on his forehead in a show of deep concentration. ‘Don’t tell me now! Don’t tell me! You’re the Events’ Organiser and Public Relations’ Officer.’ He held out his hand for a shake. ‘I’ve been looking forward to this meeting. Pat’s told me all about you.’
‘All good, I hope.’
Maurice considered this comment for a moment. ‘Well, actually no, come to think of it,’ he said, his face suggesting the recollection of something unpleasant.
Stan stared at him for a moment, unsure if he was joking. Pat had made mention of his unusual sense of humour, he remembered.
‘Really! Is that so?’ he chose to say most blandly.
‘That’s so,’ Maurice said sombrely and as a matter of fact, his appetite whetted by the subtle reaction his words had seemed to stimulate.
‘You go watch the movie, Sergeant,’ Stan then ordered Brad, who was standing looking between the two men, as they faced one another in silence. If he did not know any better, he would have thought they were squaring up for a fight.
‘But I’ve already seen it,’ he pleaded childishly. ‘Three or four times.’
‘Go watch the movie!’ the order was repeated with authority.
‘Hey wait! Not till he pays up,’ Maurice interjected. ‘Ten dollars I think we agreed.’
Bob hesitated for a moment, glancing sidelong at Stan. He then fished in his pocket grumpily, handed Maurice the money, and proceeded into the function room, a most dejected man. Why could Stan not trust him on this one? He had seemed to have gotten the situation under control as far as he could make out.
‘Better luck next time, champ!’ Maurice said to his back as he left, and began to rack up the balls. ‘Chump!’ he whispered under his breath, but audible enough for Stan to hear.
Stan eyed him warily. Not one for holding back, he noted; marching into a new country, into his Embassy, speaking his mind so freely. He clearly had no idea of whose company he was now in by the look of things. Perhaps Stan would have to explain one or two things to this new arrival.
‘Fancy a game?’ Maurice asked.
Stan glanced at the table. He had never been one for wasting his time on such activities.
‘Sure! Why not?’
Maurice gathered the balls as Stan chose his cue. He then proceeded to chalk it, following Maurice’s lead.
‘So, what brings you to these parts?’ Stan asked, as he broke into the balls and scattered them wildly.
‘Here to keep an eye on two old friends. Especially the younger one. Kind of grown a little attached to them over the years. I figured they might need a hand getting out of here should the worst occur,’ he said, as he sank his first stripe.
‘Ah, a security man?’
‘Not exactly. At least that’s not my usual territory,’ he said, sinking another quickly into the corner pocket.
‘Not your usual territory?’ Stan asked.
Maurice bent and closed one eye to examine his options. ‘Yeah. I’m a … I was a Country Coordinator – Somalia, Tanzania, Sierra Leone. Our security men were usually sent from home. Military or ex-military types. Until head office began cutting budgets. That’s why I’m here. I’m temporary and cheap,’ he said, rising from his crouching position to stand up straight. ‘And mad when things don’t go my way.’
Stan looked at him sceptically as Maurice potted his third stripe, but decided to let it pass.
‘I see. So then, when the worst happens, how do you intend getting them out? We here at the Embassy have the only helipad on the west coast. I think most sensible people will take that route, don’t you?’
‘You said when. You mean if, surely?’
‘No, I mean when. This war’s about to kick off again, Mister McDonald, any day now.’
‘Really? I was under the impression that Taylor’s victory at the polls was a dead cert. Who’d be mad enough to take him on at this late stage?’
‘He still has some formidable enemies in town, and they’re well backed. Mark my words, Charles Taylor won’t live to see July 19. And when they take him out we’ll be ready for them.’
‘We?’
‘Our Marines.’
‘Marines?’ he said with a hint of contempt in his tone. ‘Don’t tell me you guys will be picking off innocent bystanders from the top of the Embassy walls again,’ he added cynically.
Stan was not amused. ‘You shouldn’t believe everything you read. Besides, we were unprepared last time. Taylor had promised our ambassador Carter on his visit here that he wouldn’t attack the capital. Then he went back on his word. We weren’t expecting it.’
‘Always expect the unexpected! I thought that was a Marine motto or something. Or is that the boy scouts?’
‘We weren’t expecting it,’ Stan repeated, suppressing his irritation. ‘We didn’t know Taylor then as we know him now. He despises us. We detained him in the ’80s. Now if he gets Liberia, Sierra Leone will follow. Foday Sankoh is ready for full-scale war. Cote d'Ivoire will be next to fall and then the whole region. It simply can’t be allowed to happen. Believe me, Taylor won’t succeed.’
‘Well he’s not dead yet. And anyway, even if it were a possibility, no one could get anywhere near to him. He’s too well protected – and armed.’
‘There are ways, if one has the knowledge, the determination and the means.’
As Stan leant down to take his next shot, Maurice took a sip of his beer and stared at his back. What did he mean by ‘determination and means’? What was he getting at? There was something about Stan’s tone and demeanour that aroused a strong sense of suspicion in Maurice. Was he trying to communicate something to him? And something more than a little underhanded by the sound of it? ‘Well I wouldn’t know anything about that. Choosing would-be presidents isn’t my game exactly, nor yours either I would have thought. Events and PR is a noble trade, my friend. This is someone else’s war.’
‘Ah, I see it now,’ Stan said, smiling coldly. ‘You’re like all the rest of them here. Sit back and wait, and then jump up and down and make lots of noise once all the real work is done. Sometimes I think you guys would support any regime in the world if it named the right price. You’re not humanitarians, you’re mercenaries.’
Maurice laughed heartily at this. ‘We build bridges. We feed people. We save lives. We’ve got standards. It’s a far cry from popcorn.’
‘Popcorn?’ Stan said frowning. ‘My government has donated millions to this hole in the ground. Millions! Personally I think it’s a waste of resources. But that’s not my call. And clearly you guys need us here for your survival.’
‘We’ve got other sources to fall back on. Don’t flatter yourself!’
Stan snorted. ‘Other sources? The UN? That shower of pen pushers! And all that red tape! The EU, just fresh in and not wanting to spend as much as a cent. We’ve got hard currency in storage, in a vault in the basement. Boxes of it. Crate loads of it in fact. Physical dollars, I’m talking about, just waiting to be thrown at cooperative NGOs. We need to know who our friends are. Choices need to be made. On all sides.’
Years of working in Africa had refined Maurice’s senses to detecting potential donor opportunities, before charming the pants off those holding the purse strings. And perhaps if he were a younger man with more to prove, he would have gladly knuckled down and allowed himself to be patronised like some awkward school child. For only a brief moment did he allow himself romanticise the notion of metal boxes being offloaded from the back of a US military vehicle at the end of Gibson Street. He looked Stan squarely in the eyes, and decided resolutely he had now had enough of this man’s attitude. After all, why should he care about his organisation’s funds considering how head office had closed down his Freetown project – and, more or less, shafted him in the process. Well, funds were their problem now. And if they didn’t like it, they knew where they could go, as far as he was concerned.
‘Conditions must of course be met,’ Stan continued, misreading Maurice’s silence as a positive sign. ‘The right systems need to be put in place. But if Taylor is elected, you can all forget about it. You’ll get nothing. Not another cent will be thrown in anyone’s direction.’
‘And what about the people of Liberia?’ Maurice asked, keen to get to the root of Stan’s point.
‘If Charles Taylor gets in, Taylor is Liberia as far as we’re concerned. If they vote for him, they get what they deserve. The diamond mines will be his and Sankoh’s to share between them. Taylor’s boys have grown up to be men – tough, fighting men, who’ve lived in the bush for years. He’s our enemy, Mister McDonald,’ he said with emphasis. ‘And he should be everyone’s enemy.’
‘So what are you telling me all this for?’
‘As I say, if the right person gets in, your organisation could benefit greatly. You could be top of our list. And all we’d need in return is a little cooperation.’
‘Cooperation?’
‘A little information is all. We just need to know a few ongoing facts. What’s happening in Bomi? Who’s around up there? ECOMOG troop numbers at checkpoints, roads leading through the bush to and from Tubmanburg, that sort of thing. My colleague Brad has already been up to Gbah with Dexter once, and he’s told me that you agreed to take him on a visit to see your bridge tomorrow. That’s a positive start on your behalf, and it won’t be forgotten, trust me.’
‘Wow, doesn’t news travel fast in these parts! What are you doing? Bugging the front gate?’
‘He told me in the rest room,’ he said, suddenly flustered.
‘No he didn’t! He never told you that in any rest room! Now you listen to me very carefully,’ Maurice said in deadly earnest. ‘I don’t know what you’re game is here, but I don’t want my organisation involved in any of it, do you hear me? I don’t care what sugary gifts you’re offering in return. Leave us out of it!’
Stan threw his cue suddenly on to the table, unsettling all the balls.
‘Hey! What are you doing?’ Maurice said, genuinely angered by a player who could not admit defeat.
‘You guys!’ Stan said, his tone hardening. ‘You don’t give a monkey’s ass about anyone but yourselves. You’re just a bunch of professional beggars, parasites …’
‘Hey listen, Events Man!’ Maurice said, raising his voice and pointing his finger. ‘Go take it somewhere else. You’ve got some nerve!’
Stan made a move towards Maurice at the same moment that Spat appeared at the annex entrance. The two men stood face to face, with wild eyes.
‘So, I see you boys are getting acquainted,’ she said warily, walking briskly over to them, forcing a half-smile on to her face.
‘Yeah,’ Maurice replied. ‘He’s giving me a lesson in ethics.’
Stan continued to stare at him stern-faced.
‘Good – you need it! I’ll have a tonic, Stan.’
He stood his ground for a moment longer, then looked at Spat sharply, and moved reluctantly behind the bar to find her one. He shuffled around for a bit, cursed, then went out through a swing door at the back where the crates of soft drinks were kept.
‘So how’s the film?’ Maurice asked, quietly relieved by the timing of her intervention.
‘Axe-murdering horror.’
‘How appropriate!’
‘Listen,’ she said gravely, lowering her voice. ‘I’ve just heard some shocking news. The UN Head of Mission in In-Town Monrovia, a guy called George Cavendish, committed suicide this morning. I can’t believe it! He was only in my office the other day, asking about wallpaper of all things! Always seemed a bit touched to me, but I’d never have thought suicidal. Not George.’
‘The UN head?’ Maurice said uncomfortably. He lowered his voice. ‘Look, you be very careful what you say and who you say it to from now on, you understand?’
Pat looked at him strangely.
‘I mean it, Pat! Don’t tell anyone, and I mean anyone, our business. We need to talk tonight – you, me and Dexter. We need to work some matters out. In the meantime, keep your mouth …’
Stan re-entered through the swing door with a half crate of tonics, silencing Maurice in mid-sentence. Spat looked at her colleague, who placed his index finger on his lips in warning.
She suddenly startled as a terrifying collective scream came from the function room. It seemed the crazy nut on screen had found his bottle at last.


When the movie was over (the antagonist predictably killed by his own axe) the majority of guests departed the Embassy much entertained, their bellies bloated with buttery popcorn and beer suds. Only a handful of the seasoned drinkers remained, among whom was an elderly Red Cross German lady called Helena, whom everyone wished would go home, most especially Maurice to whom she had seemed to have grown an instant attraction. She giggled and fell against him more than once, and more than once he had elbowed her off.
‘Look, love, I’m not in the mood,’ he said coarsely, when she knocked his arm once again, spilling some beer over his shirt.
‘Mood. Vat is mood?’
‘You’ll see in a minute if you don’t piss off,’ he said, trying to keep his voice as low as he could without losing its force.
‘Ah, music,’ she said, attempting to pull him into the function room for a dance.
‘Jesus!’ he exclaimed. ‘What do I have to do?’
Spat was suddenly at his shoulder. ‘Just dance with her, will you? It won’t kill you! I think she’s probably your type anyway.’
‘And what’s that meant to mean?’ 
‘Easy pickings!’ she smirked, as her colleague was dragged off.
At the bar Stan was whispering sternly to Brad. When Spat approached, Brad gave her a cold look.
‘I’m sorry, Bradley,’ she said, knowing how much he detested the use of his full name. ‘I don’t mean to interrupt.’
‘The Sergeant was leaving anyway,’ Stan said. ‘Isn’t that right, Brad?’
‘I guess,’ Brad muttered moodily, and walked away in the direction of the front doors.
‘So what do you think of our new man?’
‘Hardly new. Seems like the seasoned sort to me.’
‘Mad Maurice McDonald they call him. Just about mad enough to do anything.’
‘Really,’ he said apathetically.
‘You don’t like him, do you?’
‘What difference does it make?’
‘He takes a bit of getting used to, but he’s a decent sort under all the bravado. Give it time,’ she urged.
She wanted them to get along as she knew it would make her life a lot less complicated. She could continue to pick and choose her nights out, and not have to worry about curfew or being answerable to anyone. And besides, it was someplace else to go to when she needed a change of scene. Something different to do at the weekends.
‘I haven’t got the time,’ he said irked. ‘And even if I did, I have better things to do with it.’
‘And what does that mean?’
‘It means I’m busy.’
‘Doing what?’ she said incredulously. ‘This? Popcorn horror night? Don’t insult my intelligence please. I’ve been around a bit, you know.’
‘You wouldn’t think it,’ he said snidely.
‘And what’s that meant to mean?’ she replied curtly.
‘You’re just like him. Like everyone in this damn place. So illuminated by your own sense of personal justice on behalf of the world’s poor, you can’t see a thing.’
She crossed her arms and leant on one hip, waiting patiently for him to finish. She wanted to be sure he gave her the time, when her turn came.
‘Always fighting for the little men. And always keeping your business affairs to your chests. Why the hell won’t you lot open up? What are you so afraid of?’
‘Our work is our business, not yours.’
‘And what if I was to say that my work is vital to ensure a ruthless dictator doesn’t come to power in this country, and your silence is getting in the way of that?’
‘I’d say you were exaggerating. And I’d say it was none of my business anyway who takes power in Liberia. It shouldn’t be any of your business either.’
'Go to hell!' he snapped.
‘Excuse me?’ she said, the blood rushing to her cheeks. How dare he! ‘Why don’t you go to hell? I’m just about sick of all of this. Of all your cloak-and-dagger nonsense and your lies and your constant mood swings and those crappy presents you keep dumping on me. Plastic flowers are tacky, in case you didn’t know,’ she said, her frustration now on the verge of tears.
They both stared at one another in silence as Maurice re-entered the room, dragging against the drunken Helena. ‘Go to hell!’ he snapped at her.
‘Fine then,’ Stan said, regaining some self-control, and looking across at Maurice. ‘I think you should leave now. Both of you!’
Spat glared at him in disgust as she picked up her sweater.
‘I must have been off my head to have ever seen anything in you,’ she said, hurting deeply.
She grabbed her bag and motioned her colleague to the door, who had first to untangle the drunken woman off his arm, allowing her flop gracelessly to the floor. Maurice then placed his beer glass on the side of the pool table. He thought it best on this occasion to keep his mouth shut. What more needed be said anyhow? Good old Patricia! he thought with renewed affection as they left the room in a hurry together.


 At the door of the Embassy, Brad was taking out whatever frustrations he had on the local security guards, one of whom was on his knees being slapped violently on the side of his head, while his compatriot was trying his best to placate the furious Marine.
‘Please, sah, please. He no mean it,’ he begged.
‘What the hell is wrong with you people?’ the furious Spat shouted. ‘Leave him alone!’
Brad looked swiftly around, and quickly straightened up.
‘It’s the only language they speak,’ he said in his own defence. He was conscious of finishing the business he had started. Stan and the US government was depending on him. When they walked past him and through the gate, he followed after them.
‘About those passes,’ he said to Maurice’s back. ‘What time do you want me there in the morning?’
‘I think you can forget it. We won’t be coming back.’
‘But the deal stands,’ Brad said, most anxiously. ‘I mean the trip to Bomi. We made a deal! We … HEY!’ he shouted, as they walked away from him without turning around. ‘HOW THE HELL AM I TO GET AROUND UP THERE?’
‘WHY NOT FIND YOURSELF SOME DONKEYS?’ Maurice shouted back.
The confused Marine watched as they made their way down United Nations Drive towards the ECOMOG checkpoint. He ran desperately into the middle of the road.
‘DONKEYS?’ he shouted.
‘YEAH! THAT’S IF WE DON’T FIND THEM FIRST! Maurice shouted back cryptically. 
The despondent Marine continued to watch them until they disappeared around a corner beyond the ECOMOG checkpoint. He felt a sickness in the base of his stomach. Why had Stan interfered when he had been clearly getting somewhere with the new man? They had been playing pool, hadn’t they? Why had he been sent away so dismissively from the annex? And what were they so deep in conversation about that couldn’t be shared with him? Brad felt he had earned the right to know the answers to these questions.
And well it seemed he had.


When he returned to the function room (past the near-comatose body of Helena, now being escorted vigorously towards the entrance by local staff) he looked around for Stan who was nowhere to be seen. After a moment’s thought, he decided to check the courtyard where, across the Embassy lawn, he saw his office light on. He took a deep breath and passed by the water feature and lemon tree, a corner he had always admired. Stan would be most cross tonight. But he should not have interrupted their pool game, not when Brad had been gaining Maurice’s trust. Get familiar with him, he had said. They were talking, weren’t they? And by that stage they had made the deal. What had caused Maurice to change his mind? And why had he been ordered out of the annex like some lowly servant? He was growing a little weary of his so-called superior.
‘Who is it?’ Stan barked coarsely.
Brad opened the door to see Stan sitting behind his desk.
‘It’s me.’
‘What the hell do you want?’
‘A word.’
Stan grunted as Brad entered his office. There were papers strewn across his desk on top of which was a half glass of bourbon with ice. Brad had only spoken to Stan on a few occasions when the bourbon was out. From experience he knew it was not a good sign. He took a seat. Stan stared at him cynically. ‘What is it?’
‘It’s about that new man. About my assignment.’
‘What assignment? What are you talking about?’
Brad looked at him oddly. ‘About getting familiar with that new man in town. About that trip to Bomi.’
Stan laughed in his face. ‘Assignment? You call that an assignment? What makes you think I’d assign your sorry, pathetic ass to anything? I didn’t assign you, Sergeant. I asked you for a favour, which, as usual, you screwed up.’
Brad looked at him in disbelief. ‘You asked me to befriend him, get him to know me. You said it was an assignment,’ he said, a touch of desperation sounding in his voice.
‘You fancy yourself doing my job. Is that it, Sergeant? You think playing drilling games with your men on the Embassy corridors somehow entitles you to deputise yourself, to rub shoulders with me? Well listen, Brad, and don’t ever forget it: I think the only thing you’re fit for is to shine my shoes, you sorry-assed mother-fucker!’
Brad glared at him in silence, then rubbed some perspiration off his forehead.
‘You’ve no idea,’ Stan continued. ‘No idea how screwed up everything’s got. Why the hell did that Mulbah fool mistake our target man? I knew I shouldn’t have trusted him. I can’t trust anyone in this shithole. And then that coward George, afraid of his own shadow! And now this Maurice ass. Everything’s gone to shit, and what have we to show for it? Our own countryman in a cage! So get out of my way with your whining about assignments, and looking for some kind of promotion to something you haven’t got the wit to understand in your wildest dreams.’
How could he say these things? After all Brad had done for him? And all for what? To be treated like some worthless nothing? Like some common soldier? How could he have wasted so much time, hanging on Stan’s every complimentary word, longing for his back slap? How could he say these things to him, of all people?
‘What the hell is wrong with you tonight?’ he challenged aggressively. ‘I’ve done nothing but be loyal to you from day one. I was the one who got that footage of Bomi. Not you! I was the one who researched all that info for Mulbah on the old stadium. And then you get me to lower myself to befriend this Maurice guy, and for what? What’s really going on, Stan? I have a right to know!’
A glazed look covered Stan’s eyes momentarily as he opened a drawer in his desk and felt around inside, slipping something into his pocket. Then, remembering his drink, he took a long sip, and looked hard at the man in front of him.
‘You’ve the right to know nothing,’ he said dismissively. ‘All you’ve gotta do right now is keep that mouth of yours shut if you know what’s good for you. The plan’s off the table,’ he said, more to himself now. ‘July 12’s a no-go. I’m pulling the plug. It’s too risky. We haven’t nearly enough intelligence. We’d be the laughing stock of the world when it falls flat on its face. Tonight put an end to all that business,’ he said, looking at Brad, whose presence he had momentarily forgotten. ‘Business you now know nothing about. You hear me?’
‘What happened tonight?’
‘Tonight, Sergeant, you had to go and screw things up in your typical dumb ass way. They should call something after you, you know, some behavioural defect or other: Roberts’ Syndrome – RS: a politically correct word for the dumbest kid in class.’
‘I screwed up? What are you talking about? He’d agreed to take me to Bomi and then you intervened as far as I recall, and then he went and changed his mind. And I screwed up? What difference do they make to anything anyhow? They’re just a lowly NGO. I already got the footage you wanted.’
‘You got nothing! It’s a worthless piece of shit! Fifty miles of grey road? What the hell does that tell us? I can’t chance it if I don’t know what we’re up against. The risk is too high. And no one can know of our involvement; no one can even suspect us. As it stands, we’re exposed enough as it is. My cover was blown tonight.’
Brad had often wondered who it was that had come up with the cover of Events and PR in the first place.
‘Now I gotta dispose of our little problem,’ Stan continued. ‘Tie up all the loose ends. And then just hope that Charles Taylor flops at the polls or something. That, or my career’s finished.’
‘What do you mean dispose of our problem?’ Brad asked, after a moment’s thought. A vague suspicious dread was rising in him.
‘The UN man. I can’t wait anymore. He’s got to go. We can’t risk him being found or he’ll spill the beans on his captors and the trail will lead right back to us. We’ve got to finish him.’
Brad could not believe what he was hearing. ‘Finish him? You aren’t seriously considering …’
‘You’re damn right I am!’
‘You’re gonna kill one of our own?’ he said flabbergasted. ‘An American for Chrissake? No way Stan, that’s going too far.’
Stan looked at him, all colour wiped now from his cheeks. The face that was staring hard at Brad was a cold one, and one that would not come off second best.
‘Since when did I need your approval for anything?’
‘Maybe since you lost your senses,’ Brad snapped. ‘You’re going to waste an American just so you don’t have to go back to training cadets? I won’t let you do it. You gotta come clean with Langley. It’s gone too far. I want out, you hear? I want out, or …’
A sudden hatred and anger, unlike any he had ever felt before, burned deep within Stan. Brad did not like the look in his eyes, but he would not stand for this. Not an American. No way! 
‘Or what, Sergeant?’
‘Or I’m gonna do something about it. I’m gonna tell them myself if I have to.’
‘You’ll do nothing of the sort,’ he snarled, rising to his feet, his palms square on the table. ‘You’ll keep your goddamn mouth shut if you know what’s good for you. Do you hear me, Sergeant?’
‘I want out,’ Brad repeated desperately. ‘Out!’
‘Well there’s the door,’ Stan replied. ‘Be my guest!’
Brad pushed his chair back and turned, walking purposefully to the exit. As he reached the door he heard a voice, calm and deadpan, at his back. ‘Oh, just one more thing, Sergeant,’ it said, as he placed his palm on the door handle. ‘Sorry about this – truly!’
There was a sudden sensation of tightening around Brad’s neck. He cawed immediately like a morning crow. In his panic his arms and legs flailed. Then he stumbled into blackness, then light again. He raised his hands and felt the cord squeezing his neck, the life force draining from him. His neck was stretching, snapping. His eyes stung. He cawed again, struggling to breathe. The rope tightened. He grasped desperately behind him and tried to grip one of the arms. Visions came to him, in and out, of his childhood, his mother, his graduation, of Arlington Cemetery, Red Square, Marines drilling Embassy corridors, Stan pulling the rope tighter around his neck. His temples throbbed violently. His body was hot, his feet cold. And then a blur. Everything was a blur. His eyes writhed in his head, and then a numbness and serenity ensued. It was quiet. It was still. And it was all over for Brad Roberts.
 

At dawn the following day, an alarm was sounded all over the Embassy compound that had Marines rushing towards the lawn. There, from the lemon tree by the pretty water feature, their superior officer hanged from a halter, arms limply by his side, head at an angle leaning on his chest. The Sergeant’s most regrettable suicide was in plain view for all of his brothers-in-arms to witness. A man – just like any really (just like George Cavendish, one supposed) – who simply could not take it anymore. But a soldier nonetheless. A fine Marine. And dressed in his full military attire, the odd stain notwithstanding, a patriot to the last.


12. Freda Bernard


Dexter got out of the shower and towelled himself down. He had been concerned about Freda’s mood all evening. He thought she would have been delighted with his good news regarding her and Camilla’s permission to remain at Gibson Street, but her reception had been a cold one, and she had hardly spoken two words to him all night. Surely she understood how awkward the situation was for him? And it was only for the one night in the end. He expected her to be grateful, at least to Maurice and Spat who under the circumstances he felt had been very big about the whole affair. Spat in particular had risen in his estimation. But Freda had hardly thanked them at all, he noticed. He hoped she was not the unreasonable kind, although until this evening she had never struck him as such.
As he was dressing himself, Freda was in the living room rocking Camilla to sleep. Maurice and Spat were at the Embassy. She was humming a tune. As Dexter arrived at the living room door, he paused and stood still for a while in the hall to listen. Soon her humming became a quiet singing. It was a traditional song, he presumed, simple and soothing, and a beautiful one at that:

‘Lay down my sweet brother,
Lay down and take your res’
I gonna lay my hand upon your saviour breas’
I love you, but Jesu’ love you bes’
I beg you goodnight, goodnight, goodnight.’

He walked into the room after some minutes, taking the seat opposite her. They looked at each other for a moment impassively.
‘That’s a nice song,’ he said. ‘Where did you learn it?’
‘Shh!’ she whispered, pointing to the now-sleeping baby. She then lifted the basket carefully and carried it to the bedroom. He remained alone, staring out the window at the office rooftop across the street, wishing Freda would open up and forgive him, if that was what was required. But he could not help feeling hard done by and wondered why he should be the one feeling bad, when he had been so generous towards her in every respect. And what had he received in return? Camilla?
He decided he was not the one to blame this time, and, tiring of the wait, he turned the television and video on, settling down to watch a movie he had seen at least ten times before.
‘Turn it off, please,’ she asked, when she returned. ‘You’ll soon know how hard it is to get her to sleep. And you can hear everything through these walls.’
She went to the kitchen and poured two glasses of water from the thermos. When she returned, he had a look on his face like a child whose toys had been taken away without any valid reason. She placed the glasses on the table, one for each of them, and sat quietly waiting for him to make the first move.
‘That’s a nice song you were singing,’ he began again.
A wistful expression appeared on her face. ‘I learnt it from my mother when I was just a child. She used to sing it to us every night before we went to sleep. It’s an old Liberian prayer, I think, to keep bad dreams away.’
‘It’s nice.’ He took a sip of his water. ‘So where’s your mother now? I’ve never heard you talk of her.’
Freda’s expression communicated little. ‘She’s in America. She got out seven years ago when the trouble started. She sends me money now and again to help my business but I don’t hear much from her these days. She wouldn’t know us if she came home. The war has changed us all. She has her own life now, and we must get on with ours.’
‘She just abandoned you?’
Freda looked at Dexter, surprised by his tone.
‘We were grown up. She had done her job. People have to survive as best they can. She got the opportunity to go and we were pleased for her.’
‘She didn’t send for you?’
‘No.’
‘Oh,’ Dexter said redundantly. He could not imagine being abandoned like that. And if he were, he certainly would not be so gracious about it.
‘Maybe someday I’ll get out too,’ Freda said, with a little sigh.
Dexter looked at her as she stared at the coffee table. Something had been niggling at him now for some time, and he needed to get it off his chest. The moment seemed right.
‘Look, Freda. I don’t want this to sound harsh. I’ve never lied to you about anything. But I’m a little worried – not worried, just a bit concerned, that’s all – that you might … well, you know, see me as an escape route or something. Someone who can get you safely out of the country if things explode here again. I don’t want to be used like that, Freda. I really hope you don’t think of me like that.’
Freda stared at him with an expression of genuine shock. ‘I can’t believe you just said that, Dexter!’ she said.
‘Well, I just … you know. Hear stories of it happening now and then. I mean it’s not beyond possibility. I didn’t believe it really; I just wanted to clear it up. You can understand that, can’t you?’
Freda’s face turned a paler shade of chocolate-brown. ‘I’ve never met anyone like you before,’ she said earnestly. ‘You’re kind and decent and you make me laugh. You cheer me up, and that is rare in these parts these days. You have to trust me on that.’
‘I know,’ he said, feeling terrible. ‘It’s just these things happen, you know. That’s all.’
‘I don’t care if we stay here or go to Holland. It doesn’t matter …’
‘Ireland.’
‘What?’
‘Ireland – I’m not from Holland!’
‘Ireland, yes. It doesn’t matter. I just want and need you to be with me. It’s your job to protect me now, not run away like … well, like you say my mother did. I’m not one of those women who hang around by Papa Romeo bar. You shouldn’t judge me like them.’
‘I know, and I don’t,’ he said apologetically. Why had he brought it up at all? 
‘You weren’t here during Operation Octopus,’ she continued, eager to substantiate her point. ‘I can’t live through another.’
‘Octopus! Everyone’s always going on about Operation Octopus. Octopus this and Octopus that …’
‘There’s a reason for that,’ she said, a little cross at his flippant dismissal of the subject. ‘You can’t imagine. It was hell on earth.’
‘How?’ he said. ‘I wish someone would explain it to me. I’d like to know.’
‘You don’t want to know. Not really.’
‘Well why not try me? Did something happen to you or what?’ he asked.
Freda was silent for a moment.
‘What happened to you?’ he said, sensing her willingness to open up.
She knew it was time to tell him. But how could he ever understand it? Or worse, what would he think of her after it was told? She had kept it to herself all this time. She took a drink of her water. It was quiet in the house. They had time to themselves at last.
‘I took refuge at the football stadium,’ she began. ‘It was abandoned back then. There were hundreds of us, all displaced. We were crammed together, crawling over each other in the darkness of the changing rooms. It was almost impossible to sleep with the noise of gunfire and rockets outside on the streets all day and all night. We ate whatever grains we could find when the scramble for maize got violent. I fought hard, Dexter. As hard as anyone.’
He looked at the scar on her forehead. He had often wondered about it in the past but had thought it best not to ask.
‘I used my teeth and nails to hurt people. I stole goods off those who were dying and were too weak to fight back. I would have taken food from a child’s mouth if no one had been looking. When you’re starving you’ll do almost anything your energy allows. Three or four times a day, I crossed by the corner of Lynch Street to the smoking Barclay Training Centre, to sell whatever I could steal to whoever would buy it. The little money I received, I hid in my panties. It was all I had in the world.’
Dexter was trying hard to imagine it. An image of that insane, topless lady who directed traffic in Vai Town came suddenly to mind.
‘Go on!’ he said, when she paused.
‘I sold goods to soldiers too, or those crazy kids with guns who called themselves soldiers. There was one day I had to hop over the body of a lady who had followed me across the road at a distance. Crossing that road was no easy task. It took skill and timing.’
‘How do you mean?’ Dexter asked.
‘You had to listen. The shooting took place in clusters. A person couldn’t be too impatient or couldn’t delay for too long either. I think I had an instinct for the right moment. Don’t ask me how, but I’m still alive today as proof of it. Most of the others who tried were shot and killed. It was a matter of knowing that exact moment, those few seconds when rifles were about to be reloaded or soldiers were bettering their positions. I had to run the instant I sensed it. It was terrifying.’
Dexter looked into her eyes; there were no signs of tears.
‘And that body of the lady. I’ll never forget it. I only recognised her from her red dress. Her head was a mess of pulpy mush and her body was contorted. If only she had stayed close to me, she might be alive today.’
‘How awful!’ Dexter said.
‘Yes. But that’s not all.’
‘There’s more?’
She nodded gravely.
‘Well tell me!’
‘I will. But first you must promise me something.’
‘Promise? Promise what?’
‘Promise not to hate me. I can’t tell you unless you promise me that.’
Dexter looked at the ghostly expression on her face. ‘I promise!’ he said.
She took a deep breath and began. ‘There was one night – God, Dexter, I’ve prayed so hard to forget it, but it won’t go away – it was one night when I returned to my corner of that little room exhausted. The dollars in my panties were sodden. You pee yourself when you’re afraid, you know.’
‘So I’ve heard,’ he said.
‘That room smelt so badly. Human body smells – they make you want to vomit. I had crossed for the last time that day. I figured I had made enough money to trade for a little oil and some salt. If lucky, some extra beans.’
She paused, getting the picture clear in her head.
‘I was about to fall off to sleep when I saw him. First it was his shadow in the doorway. He stood there for a while looking around before he entered the room, kicking the legs of people trying to sleep. He was clearly drunk and I knew what he was looking for.’
As her words took shape in Dexter’s mind, he felt a numbness descend.
‘He leant down to take a closer look at me. I had my eyes closed but I could feel him above me. I could smell the stench of palm wine off his breath above the other smells in the room. And then he grabbed my dress and pulled it up with force.’
Dexter rubbed his mouth while Freda continued calmly.
‘Nobody did anything to stop him. His weight was on top of me, groping at me with one hand on my mouth, the other trying to rip off my panties. I was fighting him in the dark. I kicked and screamed and scratched him until I felt weak. Then he punched me hard on the side of my face. I never knew pain like it. I tasted my own blood. He knocked out this tooth.’
She stretched the side of her mouth to show him. He had not noticed it before.
‘It was unreal,’ she continued. ‘It seemed to be happening all so slowly. Like I was under water. I found it hard to breathe. And nobody, nobody in the room did anything.’
A brief thought crossed Dexter’s mind. He wondered if he would have had the courage to help a stranger under those circumstances? He hoped that he would.
‘And all the time, from the moment he entered the room, as we fought in the dark, as he tore off my panties and tried to insert himself into me, there was only one thought in my mind. I had risked my life for a few dollar notes, and I’d die before this thing on top of me found them.’
‘Good for you!’ he heard himself say. Tried to insert himself into me, he thought relieved. So he didn’t succeed then?
‘I don’t know where I found the energy. I was so weak. I leant towards his face and grabbed something fleshy between my teeth. I bit down hard like a dog. He screamed. I felt something in my mouth. Something fleshy. His earlobe. I had  bitten it clean off and spat it back in his face. He pulled away, cursing me as he backed towards the door stumbling once or twice over the bodies. I’ll never forget that feeling I had. I leant back against the wall. My heart was beating so fast, and then I vomited all over myself.’
‘Jesus!’
‘But it was over. I was alive. I felt the side of my face where he had hit me, and licked the inside of my gum. I had swallowed my tooth. But the pain meant nothing to me. All I cared about were those dollars. They were no longer in my panties. I felt around on the ground in the darkness. I was so panicked. Then I found them, right there on the ground beside me. He hadn’t got them. You can’t imagine my happiness. For a few dollars! Nothing more. And the next day I risked my life all over again crossing that crazy street.’
She looked at him to see his reaction. He was clearly moved.
‘And that, Dexter, that was Octopus for me. I’m only here because I found a secret to staying alive. And that’s why I never want to see another. I don’t know what I’d do next time. I don’t think I could survive it again.’
Dexter held her close to him. She shed no tears; there was none left for Octopus. And of the multitude of images that swarmed in Dexter’s head, two were salient among them: his narrow escape to K-9 after the Rubb Hall incident at Lumasi and his cowardice in turning Ciatta away from his gate.
‘Don’t worry,’ he said with determination. ‘The next time I’ll be there to protect you. I promise!’


Sometime later, Maurice and Spat arrived to the house. Spat appeared her usual moody self, something Dexter believed was due to her finding him and Freda sprawled on the sofa watching a video in the living room, and ignored her more from habit than any desire to make a personal point. He noted that Maurice was quite jumpy and excited, opening all the press doors in the kitchen, eagerly looking for the half bottle of whiskey he had left unfinished the night before that Esther had put away somewhere. At last he found it in a crate on the floor beside the fridge and entered into the living room with a wide grin, where Spat had taken her seat without saying a word.
‘Hello there, Freda!’ he said cheerfully. ‘How’s the film?’
Freda gave him a smile. ‘It’s, ah … I don’t know.’
‘Must be better than that crap they’ve been showing up at the Embassy. Good call not coming tonight,’ he said to Dexter as he poured two whiskeys, offering some to Freda who declined. Spat gave Maurice an unpleasant look, and then went to the kitchen returning with two juices. Freda thanked her politely.
‘Not much of a night then?’ Dexter said.
Maurice looked across at Spat who continued to stare at the television screen.
‘Listen. I’m sorry about this, Freda,’ Maurice said. ‘But we’ve got some stuff to discuss here. Of a private nature, you know. Organisation business.’
‘That’s fine. I understand. I’m tired anyway,’ she said honestly, giving Dexter a goodnight kiss.
‘Nice girl!’ Maurice said with a wink, when Dexter’s bedroom door closed.
‘Don’t even think about it, Maurice,’ Dexter replied, only half-smiling. Spat cocked her eyes to heaven.  
‘Right so! Where to begin?’ Maurice said, rubbing his hands. ‘Let’s start with Stan.’
‘Oh, leave it out, for God’s sake!’ Spat moaned.
‘No, no, Pat, it’s not about that. It’s something he said to me tonight, before you and he … well anyway, it was very odd. He was talking about Charles Taylor not making it to July 19 and how he’s an enemy of the United States and all. And then I think … I mean I might be mistaken now, but I’m pretty sure he tried to recruit us in some shape or form. I’m not kidding. He was suggesting we be his eyes and ears upcountry and report back to him. He even had that Sergeant Brad guy try to invite himself up to Bomi with Dexter tomorrow. The whole thing sounds pretty fishy if you ask me.’
Dexter and Spat sat quietly for a moment, each considering the possibility. It did not come as a complete surprise to either. They had never bought that Events Organiser nonsense. And he had been acting most strangely, especially of late.
‘He said something similar to me on the Embassy lawn some time back,’ Dexter said. 
‘When was that?’ Spat asked sharply.
‘The night of the fancy dress party.’
They looked at each other for a brief moment. It was a night that neither liked to recall.
‘He told me something to the effect that if I got in the way of American interests in the region I’d be shot by friendly fire, or some such thing. At least I think that’s what he was getting at. I wasn’t sure if I’d got him straight.’
‘Jesus, Dexter! Why didn’t you tell me this before?’ Spat exclaimed, outraged.
‘Because you were going out with him. And I thought in the morning that maybe I had got the wrong end of the stick. I’d had quite a few that night. And besides, you and I weren’t exactly, well …’
‘Communicating?’ Maurice offered. Neither responded. ‘Well to hell with that shit!’ he continued, looking from one to the other. ‘That’s all over now. From now on we start acting like a team. Something’s going on, and we seem to be part of it, or at least we were until tonight. You said he’s been asking questions?’
‘Hundreds of them!’ Dexter said.
‘Mainly about Beajah bridge,’ Spat added. ‘The one we’re building near Tubmanburg. It leads to nowhere. One of Father Larry’s madcap schemes.’
‘Well,’ Dexter said, biting his lip. ‘It doesn’t exactly lead to nowhere.’ They both looked at him curiously. ‘Two days ago it was finished. I crossed it. There were some people on the other side. Mainly kids with guns. And an adult commander of some kind too. I guess about twenty of them and they’ve got pick-ups. I didn’t tell you, Pat, because I knew you’d blow a gasket. It seems Larry’s parishoners have been selling them the food we’ve been donating for the work on the bridge and the phantom schools.’
‘What did I tell you?’ she said, quietly pleased her instincts had been correct. ‘I knew it! Wait till I see that damn priest!’
‘Ah, look Pat, leave it! Larry meant well.’
‘Well I’m sick of him meaning well. Ever since I got here, he’s …’
‘Okay, okay,’ Maurice interrupted. ‘Let’s get back to the issue here. My guess is that the Embassy is up to something. Why else would Stan be so interested in an otherwise meaningless bridge? I think it’s possible they’re planning on having someone do away with Taylor before the elections. And those guys who you saw are probably as good a guess as any. It would make some sort of sense.’
‘Oh God!’ Dexter said, suddenly remembering something. ‘Larry says they’re the ones he saw with Finn in the back seat of a Land Rover. Up near Klay.’
Red blotches began to form on Spat’s cheeks. ‘There’s no way Stan’s involved in that. Not Stan!’ she said. She could never have been so blind, surely?
‘Why the hell not?’ Maurice said. ‘It’s a means to an end, isn’t it? No one really ever bought that one about Taylor being responsible for the kidnapping anyway. And the last people to be expected for being involved in something like this would be his own countrymen. Why the hell not?’
‘I don’t buy it,’ she stated unconvincingly.
‘Hold it a sec,’ Dexter said, rising and going to the dining room table where he opened a drawer and removed a photograph.
‘George gave it to me this morning. Says he received it three weeks ago on his windscreen. Decided it best to keep his mouth shut.’
They both looked at him with solemn expressions.
‘You didn’t hear?’ Pat said.
‘Hear what?’
‘He took his own life earlier. Poor man! I always had a bit of a soft spot for him.’
Dexter’s face dropped. He sat down slowly in shock. ‘I can’t believe it! I mean I can, but I just can’t believe it!’
‘What were you talking to him about?’ Spat asked, unaware he had even had a meeting with the UN.
‘Oh, nothing much. We argued for a while about Finn. And that photo. Then I said that he was all washed up and should go home.’
‘Nice going, Dexter!’ Maurice said with a smirk.
‘It’s not funny, Maurice!’ Dexter said. ‘He gave me that photo. Told me they were going to eat his heart out if he showed it to anyone. Read the back!’
Maurice flipped it over and read the message. ‘NPFL – National Patriotic Front of Liberia? That’s nonsense! Why would a man running for president have his soldiers write a message on the back of an incriminating photo? Taylor’s not that stupid. And it’s not his style either. It’s a stitch up.’
‘Well I think, and so does … did George, that whoever put it there was counting on him making it public,’ Dexter suggested. ‘He more or less told me so himself, but he lost his nerve. He was obsessed about all that stuff of them wanting to eat his heart out. I never met anyone so spooked by voodoo in my whole life.’
‘I have,’ Maurice said, thinking of that hapless election monitor he had met in Abidjan.
‘Poor man!’ Spat repeated, and all three sat in silence for a moment, feeling it somehow appropriate. A colleague had fallen in battle.
‘I told Father Larry to look for him,’ Dexter said finally. ‘I said he owed it to Finn for feeding his captors.’
‘Dexter!’ Spat said appalled.
‘No, wait,’ Maurice said. ‘It’s good thinking. And you’re going to help him, just like we discussed. You’re picking Kate Livingstone up outside the old cement factory in Vai Town at eight. Sorry, I meant to tell you earlier; slipped my mind.’
Spat gave him a darting glance. ‘I don’t know about this, Maurice. It’s dangerous. And it’s not really any of our business; we’re meddling in something we shouldn’t be.’
‘Look, Kate’s as experienced as they come. And Dexter’s had his own share of it. I should know – I was there the day he was chased out of Lumasi camp by an angry mob with machetes!’
‘What?’
‘Slight exaggeration,’ Dexter said.
‘How’s your driver?’ Maurice asked.
‘Victor? Yeah, I think he’s alright,’ Dexter replied, although not fully convinced of that fact.
‘Good! Don’t want him losing his head in an emergency. And get him to call in on the car radio regularly, you hear me? No messing around this time, Dexter. You get wind of anything at all, you let us know. It’s serious business, and right in our playground of Bomi. So if I say to get out this time, get out! No stopping for anyone, you hear?’
‘Sure!’
‘And for God’s sake be careful,’ Spat said, uncomfortable with the whole affair. She did not make eye contact with Dexter but he was pleased by her concern nonetheless.
‘Oh, and one more thing,’ Maurice added. ‘I’ve been having a look at our security here in the house and some changes need making. Two of the bulbs in the overhead lights are missing and we only have one gate guard. Why’s that?’
‘We had to relieve one,’ she said. ‘The old man you saw at the stall there earlier. He used to work for us.’
‘Used to?’
‘It’s a long story.’
Ever since the day of Dexter and Freda’s coming out, Spat, among other difficult soul-searching issues, had been considering the Mr Albert situation. Every night since, she had looked down on him from her upstairs window and wondered that perhaps, just maybe, she had misread his intentions on the night of her party. He had never really done much wrong before that. And although she found it hard to admit it to herself, she knew that those rats, whatever their point, were the perfect excuse she had needed. In truth, she had wanted to be rid of him ever since he had seen her naked that day in the hallway. She had found it hard to look at him straight in the face after that incident, always imagining he was seeing her that way. It had made her feel exposed, vulnerable, out of control. It had given him the power of voyeur over her. And Dexter was right – he was always conscientious about locking the gate, and even good with helping out around the house. And well they needed him these days with Esther getting lazier by the day.
‘Well I say we take him back,’ Maurice said, without further question. ‘Dexter thinks he was alright.’
 ‘You do it then, Maurice,’ Spat said grumpily. ‘You tell him he has his job back in the morning. I don’t want to have to look at him, or talk to him for that matter.’
‘Grand,’ Maurice said cheerfully, lifting his glass. ‘I’ll sort it out. Now we’re getting somewhere. Nice to be part of a team again. No more scratching our arses!’
Dexter and Spat looked at each other briefly, each feeling a mild sense of guilt.
‘I propose a toast,’ Maurice continued. ‘To the best team in our goddamn organisation!’ he said, and they clinked their glasses. ‘If only those bastards back home bloody well knew it!’


Later that night, Dexter stood staring out of his bedroom window. His back was in silhouette to Freda, who was lying awake on the bed.
He was rubbing his hands. They had been hot and itchy for some time, and now they were shaking and would not stop. He held them together tightly. Outside a dog was barking on a quiet road somewhere off United Nations Drive, the echoes striking a lonely cord with Dexter. He looked down on the empty street. The night guards were quiet, most likely sleeping, he thought. The rains would be coming any day now and then the dust on the street would turn to muddy puddles with their colourful rainbow oil circles. He liked the rains, the drama of the flash floods giving way to the temporary sunshine. It felt like … well … a little like home.
An arm slipped gently around his lower back. Freda was beside him looking down at her vacant stall. She said nothing, but continued to hold him close to her. It was a comforting feeling, and they stood together for some time in silence. It was Dexter who spoke first.
‘I’ll be leaving early tomorrow,’ he said. ‘Before eight.’
‘I know. I heard.’
He looked at her curiously, and then beyond to the dividing wall against the bed’s headboard. She noticed for the first time his shaking hands.
‘I’m coming too,’ she said. ‘We’ll drop Camilla off at my grandmother’s on our way.’
‘No, wait, hold on …’ 
‘Shh!’ she said. ‘You’ll wake the baby.’
‘No,’ he whispered. ‘Tomorrow is different. Not tomorrow. It might be dangerous.’
‘I know,’ she replied unfazed. ‘Liberia’s a dangerous place these days. But I know it better than you. And I can be of help.’
‘But …’
‘We’re in this together, remember?’ she said, leaning in towards him. ‘Together forever, and don’t go forgetting that.’
Together forever. Big words. But words that sounded right that night to Dexter. So simple and forthright. So perfect.
The moonlight was soft. Outside in the darkness, the unfortunate few slipped into shaded doorways and long shadows with reasons of their own for breaking curfew. But there in that room, for one night at least, they were safe and together. And as they kissed, the distant sound of those waves could be heard, beating violently against the shore of the wild Atlantic Ocean, with undercurrents that always did their best to sweep the less experienced swimmers out to their watery graves.


13. Momalu Edwards


The village elders gathered quietly by the creek that ran through a small clearing of palm trees at the bottom of the leeward side of their hill. They had urgent matters to discuss and decisions to make. And they had had enough. First the argumentative white man, and now their own Father caged like an animal. Some of the women were crying as they gathered under cover of the trees. Enough was enough.
The elders were much encouraged, however, by the obvious fear that both Johnnie and Sando had been exhibiting ever since their claim that their rifles had discharged accidentally, causing their Father’s jeep to tumble down the hill into the gully. Their visible panic and immediate pursuit to pull him free was genuine. They had not been ordered to shoot at anyone, least of all a priest, and now, in their confusion, they could think of nothing else but to imprison him (Johnnie having had the key hidden in his pants all along, it seemed) alongside Finn, and waited anxiously for Mulbah’s return. The locals were encouraged too by the child soldiers’ refusal to cross the boundary line of voodoo paraphernalia, discarded by the village Devil around the cage, who had to force reluctant villagers to carry food to the cage themselves at gunpoint. The boys had been ordered to be discreet, and now they knew they were in big trouble. The prospect was causing them great distress as they sat gloomily in the shade of the palaver hut.
It took some time for the noise to die down and some effort to get the gathering of villagers to sit still on the surrounding rocks. It was only when Momalu was sure that he had everyone’s attention that he opened the meeting with a prayer. Their heads were bowed with reverence; their hearts pure but full of rage. He knew he had to be strong now, not just for his villagers’ sake but because Larry was more than his priest; he was his friend and benefactor.
‘He a good, kind man-o. He build our school,’ one of the elders argued, when the council was in full session. ‘Dis be bad news. Dees men be …,’ he searched for the word. ‘Cowards-o!’
There was audible assent. ‘Amen,’ was muttered by a few.
‘You speak true, brudda,’ a man with only a handful of teeth and much unsettling dribble continued. ‘Dey come to our village wid de white man yonder in cage. Dey eat our food. Dey bring back no good guns to dis village-o. Den dey …’
‘Dey shoot at Fadda,’ shouted a young man in the group, who was quickly stared down with furious sets of eyes until he bowed his head. It was neither his place nor befitting of his rank to speak.
‘Danku, Manhtee,’ Momalu said politely but firmly. ‘Wad you say is true-o, and wad pass at Gayah Hill be bad, for true. Dey wake our Devil-o after so long time. Remember dis and no ever forget.’
A look of great fear passed across faces, the name of the village Devil being mentioned again in public for the first time in years.
‘No be fraid-o. He no curse our Fadda, who hate dem coward, who go to de cage to speak to de white man … no, hold; he no ever speak to de white man. He go to de cage,’ he continued, scratching his head. ‘No, I say … I say … he go to de cage?’
There was some mumbling in the crowd. Momalu was confused. 
‘No matter-o. Our Devil, he curse good de ground by yonder cage. Leh no man cross dis ground, or de Devil curse fall on de head of de one who do dat. But dis no mean bad tings for dem dat do dis at gunpoint-o. Dey no be curse, I tink. I damn well hope not, for sure.’
The eldest-looking man in the village, a man by the name of Kahn, who did not know the year of his birth and whose eyesight was not what it once was, stood up with a great deal of effort. He was well aware, after all these years, of how Momalu’s speeches often turned in on themselves, flipping his points back-to-front. The matter was too important to be fumbled with.
‘You speak true, Momalu. Danku. De boys, dat Johnnie and Sando, dey no longer de sons of dis sweet Bomi County-o. Dey must pay for dis no good crime.’
There was murmured accord. Momalu sat down.
‘We gone make dem pay-o,’ some of the younger members of the village now shouted with vehemence, pleased at last that their village elders had finally decided to do something about the matter. There was loud assent, even some applause.
‘Hold, hold! We need to tink of our Fadda now. No act no hasty-o,’ Kahn continued. ‘He life in danger. He too good to Gayah Hill. De udda white man we no know. Perhaps he gonna be good man too-o.’
The villagers looked towards their speaker with surprise. They had never considered the notion before that a man in a cage could be anything other than a criminal.
‘I say, I say. Now we do good to act. We have our meeting as our Fadda say for Momalu to do. We must do de right ting now. Our Fadda need us plenty-o. Today we must be strong,’ he said, his old voice rising. ‘Today is dat day. Today, my bruddas and sistahs,’ he said, his voice straining to the point of collapse. ‘Freedom – dat right – I say freedom will come again to Gayah Hill again-o!’
There were cheers. Some of the elder women began wailing in high ululation.
‘Shh! Shh-o!’ some of the elders urged, looking anxiously to the trees at their backs.
‘But what we gone do?’ asked the father of a boy with a bad case of scabies.
Kahn looked to Momalu. It was the village chief who had to make the big decisions. Such formal protocol had always been an important part of village life in Liberia, and Momalu Edwards, though his mind was growing tired, had to be the one to tell them, and tell them he did.
‘We must go tell Fadda Co’mac at de Mission,’ Momalu said sombrely. ‘He know wad best to do-o. And we no do no trade wid dees men no more. Not now when dey gone done wad dey do to our Fadda.’ He looked around at the faces. ‘Tamba,’ he said, addressing the youngest boy of the group. ‘You go run to Tubmanburg. You go tell Fadda Co’mac of dis bad ting. Tell him we all ready to do wad he say-o. Tell him we waiting. And you no go by de main road – you no be seen by no one.’
‘Why me-o?’ Tamba replied timidly.
‘Because you de fastest runner by plenty in da village, Tamba,’ he reasoned, walking over and placing both of his hands now on the young man’s shoulders. ‘And you gone be good boy an do what you toll.’
Tamba looked around at the group, who nodded their approval at Momalu’s wise words. Although he would rather not be the chosen one, the boy shrugged his shoulders, rubbed the back of his thighs briskly, and then disappeared with a jog into the bush. Momalu’s heart, along with those of the people of his village, rushed with pride. Today was indeed their day, now that the elders had spoken.


Twenty or so minutes later, Father Larry opened his eyes. It took him a few moments to adjust to the bright light. The ground was hard beneath him. He could hear the sound of nearby rodents as they scurried through the undergrowth. As he struggled to sit up, feeling great pain in his neck, he saw a face looking sideways at him, one that was clearly not pleased with his present company.
Larry felt a strong thirst in his throat. He noticed the dried blood on one of his trouser legs, the material having been torn through.
‘So you’re awake then,’ Finn said, not at all welcomingly.
Larry felt his throat. ‘Is there water?’
Finn pointed to a plastic beaker in a small bucket behind Larry in the corner of the cage.
‘Go easy on it. They left me a whole day once without it. Thought I was gonna die with thirst.’
Larry leant back and took a long, refreshing drink, as Finn looked on disapprovingly. For most of his days, he had remained seated with very little room to stand. Those damn mercenary Lebanese merchants in town had probably delivered the wrong-sized cage. No surprise on that score. And now his limited space had been reduced and his water ration apparently halved.
‘What happened to me?’ Larry asked.
‘You were driving off, remember? Leaving me here,’ he added snidely. ‘Then your vehicle let off some sort of loud farting noise. The boys with the guns seemed to panic and began shooting. You tumbled over the edge. I thought you were a gonner.’
Larry rubbed his neck, a worried look upon his face. ‘Johnnie and Sando? My two boys. They shot at me?’
‘That’s right. And you should stop thinking of them as your boys,’ he replied. ‘They’re not as innocent as you think.’
‘It’s not their fault. They’re victims too.’
Finn scoffed. Victims! Twelve-year olds running around playing soldiers in the bush with Kalashnikovs? He was not quite so understanding. ‘Hey, how long have I been here anyway?’ he asked.
Larry peeled back the torn material and examined the wound on his knee. He winced. ‘Not sure. Maybe five weeks.’
Finn nodded. He had calculated six. He looked to the sky in the distance and at the gathering and darkening clouds. He worried, and not for the first time, that when the rains would come full force, some electrical storm would seek out the iron cage among the trees and grill its contents to ash.
Suddenly, from a hut across the way, a shuffling noise was heard, followed by a frustrated curse. Larry and Finn looked towards the door as something emerged clumsily. A large mask with what looked to be a lion’s mane around a comical but eerie face, shook and rattled its way towards them. It sent a palpable shiver of fear down Larry’s spine. The two boy soldiers in the palaver hut cowered down low, covering their faces with cupped hands.
‘Oh, here we go!’ Finn said with exaggerated tedium.
‘What?’ Larry asked in alarm staring at the approaching figure.
‘Don’t worry about it. Happens most days. He dances around the cage for a bit. Throws shells and rattles at me. Threw a dead snake once.’
‘The village Devil?’ Larry said in alarm.
‘Mm. Not much of a dancer.’
‘Shh!’ Larry warned abruptly.
‘Look, I don’t think it’s much to be …’
‘Be quiet, will you?’ he whispered urgently, as the mammoth-like figure approached, chanting in low, mumbling tones. He made his way slowly towards the cage, the heavy mask shaking, one hand carrying a crudely-made rattle, the other carrying two tiger cowrie shells, which he threw a few feet before the cage, and continued to dance quickly backwards, kicking dust over himself and towards the two men. From the trees, a low, monotonous drumbeat began and human bird calls were made in response. The village Devil, chanting in a strange tongue, was stamping his feet to the rhythm.
Finn looked across at Larry whose lips were moving in silent prayer. What had got him so spooked? he wondered. Finn had long decided, when nothing had followed from the first few appearances, that it was a harmless enough ritual of some sort. Possibly a village tradition. He had even begun to enjoy the show, so much in fact that on the odd day that the hairy creature had failed to show up for whatever reason, Finn had kind of missed him. It had helped to stave off the boredom.
The Devil circled behind the cage, waving the rattle at their backs.
‘Don’t turn around!’ Larry urged his cellmate quietly but forcefully. ‘Don’t make eye contact.’ Finn took his advice, but wished Larry would calm the hell down.
Then, as the Devil returned into view again, he appeared to fall over on to his back and began to convulse, making jerking movements from head to foot like a wounded animal. A wounded spirit. The drums and bird calls from the trees now reached a frenzy as the creature rose before the cage, both arms raised high above its head, making a high-pitched squeal. Larry’s lips continued to move, his eyes now closed.
‘LEMME GO! LEMME GO! LEMME GO!’ the creature screamed, and the noise from the surrounding trees abruptly stopped. There was a long pause, Larry hardly daring to breathe. Finn yawned.
The Devil then turned as if wounded and made his way back to the hut from where he had first appeared, stumbling on his way with his limited vision. As he reached the door, he rubbed the dust off the seat of his pants, before disappearing inside.
Larry watched the door of the hut intently. The boys continued to cover their faces, aware that one look from the Devil’s eye would seal for them a most dreadful fate and miserable end.
‘Good one today,’ Finn remarked. ‘He’d wanna watch he doesn’t do his back in falling around the place like that.’
Larry stared at him with horror. ‘That’s the village Devil.’ 
‘The Devil, is it? Okay, so. Whatever!’
‘That’s voodoo. Poro or witchcraft. You’ve heard mention of it, I presume. I hoped it was a thing of the past in Bomi. Especially Gayah Hill, of all places. We’ve been trying to stamp it out here for years. It must have begun again in the camps. You don’t understand the power these men have over their villages, and our powerlessness to convince the people otherwise,’ Larry said, shaking his head. He had listened to the strange tales over the years. He knew well that to disrespect such a phenomenon was to put one’s life in danger. He had heard of men who had mocked the pagan ritual and paid for it later. There was that poor drunken fellow at Robertsport who had disrespected his Devil by aping him one night in the middle of a ritual dance. They said that once he had started, his feet could not stop. He had died later that night of a massive heart attack. His family claimed that the Devil had cursed him, and Larry believed it without question. 
He looked around the cage. He had to do something and quickly, to bless the ground, even exorcise it, and to do it without a moment’s delay. He reached over to the bucket and blessed a beaker of water briskly.
‘They make blood sacrifices, you know,’ he said, in between various frantic libations, sprinkling the holy water in places around them generously. ‘I’ve seen it – chickens and goats. Even snakes. In darker times, rumours of people.’
‘Hey, go easy with that,’ Finn warned. ‘We’ll need it.’
‘They cut people’s wrists to let out bad blood,’ Larry continued, ignoring him. ‘They tell them it’s a cure for AIDS and other maladies. Drag young kids into Devil schools in the bush for seven years to join their secret societies. But it seemed to die out when we had the money to dispense free medicines at the Mission. The people seemed to turn away from it all, from all the herbal concoctions that did them no good,’ he said, staring hard at the hut entrance. ‘I never thought I’d see the day the Devil would return to Gayah Hill.’
When Larry was satisfied, he placed the beaker back in the bucket, and they sat mutely for some time. Finn looked across at the priest who was staring fixatedly at the hut entrance, his face pale and drawn. ‘So what do you think he wants with us?’ he asked finally.
‘I don’t know. It’s a curse of some sort. A hex. It’s done to … LOOK!’ Larry said suddenly, sitting up straight as a figure emerged from the hut, making its way stealthily into the bushes beyond. Finn followed the direction of Larry’s sights. 
‘Who is it?’ he asked.
Larry’s face looked suddenly very old and tired. ‘It’s Momalu Edwards,’ he replied sadly. ‘My friend. The village chief.’
‘Village chief?’ Finn said flabbergasted.
‘He’s a good man,’ Larry snapped. ‘Or at least … so I had thought. He’s the schoolteacher too.’
So Larry’s suspicions had been true all along. How many times in the past had he tried to convince himself to believe the contrary? He recalled the occasion, many years ago now, that he had had to spend the night at Gayah Hill when a young girl’s temperature had risen so high that he didn’t think she’d make it through the night. He heard the shuffling, the sweeping sounds, the sometimes soft, sometimes cacophonous pitch of the incantations. He had stayed awake for hours afterwards, he remembered, in absolute terror. In the morning, Momalu had denied all knowledge; he had tried to convince him that he was dreaming it all. But it was no dream. And now, here again, this time out in the open, that dreaded darkness, far beyond Larry’s experience and understanding, had returned to haunt his favourite place.
‘Why would a friend of yours be doing that?’
‘I don’t know. It might be a warning of some kind.’
But what was not clear to Larry or Finn, though plainly evident to Johnnie and Sando and everyone else at Gayah Hill, was that the safety of the white men in the cage must remain intact or curses would fall upon the heads of all. This was the Devil’s message and his warning to the two boys, who only now had the courage to remove their hands and open their eyes.
After all, Larry was still Momalu’s Father, and even the Devil himself could not deny that fact.


14. Father Cormac


You’re changing the world, Kate. And never forget that.
She stood waiting for Dexter’s Land Rover by a high, wrought-iron gate outside the old cement factory with Bill’s words echoing through her head like an annoying child’s toy that cannot be switched off. She had reached him eventually on satellite phone the night before after much difficulty, as the gathering rain clouds had been interfering with the signal. She had had to stand on the roof of the Mamba Point Hotel, the helpful porter manipulating a small satellite dish at various angles to pick up the weakest of connections, with a few seconds delay and a distracting echo. It had taken the guts of a full hour to get through too. By the time Bill answered, she was in no mood for conversation, snapping at him unnecessarily and often.
Melissa had flunked her summer-term exams again. How predictable! Well she could bloody well throw her life away if she wanted to. Kate was not prepared to have this particular issue on her conscience. She would just have to grow up. It was as simple as that. She was not the only parent in the world with an important job to do, and she simply could not deal with it right now. This was what she had told her ever-patient husband quite clearly on the phone. She could not allow herself to get distracted. There were more important matters. More important matters, her voice echoed back down the line at her, sounding all wrong. More important matters than one’s family? In her flustered realisation, she had even forgot to ask about Sebastian.
But her mind had been elsewhere. Maurice’s message on the handset earlier in the evening had sounded promising. He was very excited about something, but would not elaborate over the airwaves. And his excitement had her mind racing. A lead perhaps? So far she had nothing. The Embassy was not talking, and the UN Head of Mission for In-Town Monrovia was now probably somewhere in a wooden box over the Mediterranean. What a waste to take one’s life like that. Why had he not just gone home? she wondered. What could be so bad?
In truth she was relieved when she realised Maurice’s message was work-related. She was not sure what she had been thinking sleeping with him that night in Abidjan, but somehow it had made her feel better about herself, at least for a short while. She wondered how many women he had notched on his belt (belts, more likely) over the years. And she wondered too what he was up to now, inviting her to accompany his organisation on a trip upcountry to Bomi County. Were not the Embassy and UN warning everyone against it? The idea bothered her. She knew how gung-ho Maurice could be, recalling a number of close encounters on his recommendations in Somalia. Hopefully Maurice’s colleague knew what he was doing. Hopefully it was a positive lead.
When Victor pulled up, ten or so minutes late, he beeped the horn a number of times to attract her attention. She spotted the vehicle. There was a white man in the front passenger seat waving at her like some old acquaintance. She walked over and looked through the window.
‘Des McCabe?’
‘That’s the one,’ he said cheerily. ‘Hop in there. This is Freda and Victor.’
When Victor pulled away from the kerb, swerving to avoid an excited child, skilfully rolling a hubcap with a large stick, Kate turned to Freda beside her in the back seat.
‘I love your hair.’
‘Oh, thank you!’
She rubbed a strand of Freda’s extension, causing a lengthy conversation to ensue on the art of hair weaving, that put Dexter into virtual sleep mode and Victor on autopilot. Dexter had always been intrigued by how the opposite sex could sustain conversation for so long on such seeming trifles. It was at the first ECOMOG checkpoint on the border of Vai Town and Bomi that they finally seemed to have had their fill of the matter, the subject exhausted beyond belief.
At first glance, Dexter was pleased to see the neat uniforms, the clean station and hut, the smiling soldiers. Ghanaians, no doubt.
‘How-de-body-man?’ the soldier asked Victor, waving an unsteady cyclist through while peering into the car with curiosity. ‘Where to?’
‘Tubmanburg,’ Victor replied.
‘Business?’
‘Yep. As always,’ Dexter intervened, leaning across his driver to be seen.
‘I see. Business … yes.’ He paused awkwardly. ‘Licence please!’
Licence? What did he want with Victor’s licence? It was hardly their concern, Dexter thought. They were not exactly road traffic police.
Victor searched in the compartment above his head and handed it over. The soldier examined it, turning it over three or four times, as if its contents held some clue to a difficult puzzle. A furrow formed on his brow as he handed it back. He then stepped away from the vehicle and looked it up and down, circling around by the rear.
‘What’s he doing?’ Kate whispered anxiously, looking behind her through the window. 
‘Just keep quiet!’ Dexter advised her strongly.
When he reached the front, he bent down towards the headlights and stared at the right front one for a few seconds, returning swiftly to the driver’s window, now with a clear sense of purpose.
‘Front right headlight has a crack,’ he stated.
Victor looked to Dexter who leant again towards the window.
‘Okay,’ he replied. ‘Thanks for that.’
There was a long pause.
‘Front light is cracked,’ he repeated, as if not heard correctly the first time.
‘Yes. So you’ve said. Thanks again.’ 
‘You need to pull over,’ the soldier said with a touch of impatience, indicating the grassy patch by the side of the hut.
Dexter put his hand into his inside pocket and felt around for the packet. It was already open but that should not matter. It was more the gesture than anything else.
‘Look – we’ve some important business at Tubmanburg. A UN meeting in fact. Very important. Wouldn’t be good for us to be late, you know,’ he said, offering to shake the soldier’s hand. The cigarettes were passed between their palms and slipped into the soldier’s pocket with expert efficiency and no additional fuss.
‘You should have said so,’ the soldier replied, unruffled. ‘Well have a nice meeting and a safe journey. So sorry for the delay.’
He indicated to one of his compatriots for the barrier to be raised, and as they passed through (Victor swerving once again further up the road, to avoid the clumsy cyclist) she turned again to look at the soldiers out the back window. They were smiling and sharing out the contents of the pack among them; a few measly cigarettes to keep peace on the streets and allow them all to sleep better at night. She was quietly impressed with Dexter for not making a bigger deal of the situation as so many foreigners were prone to do – as she had often done herself in the past. It seemed a fair exchange when one considered it reasonably. That was all. The simple gesture of paying a fee to enter the misty fray, one of the lesser-known secrets to staying alive in Liberia.


The cyclist picked himself up from the side of the road and cursed the Land Rover that had caused him to swerve into a pothole and hit the concrete highway with a fair degree of force, causing great pain to his left ankle. The three Ghanaian ECOMOG soldiers at the checkpoint, sharing out cigarettes, glanced over and laughed loudly at him before disappearing into their hut.
He examined his bicycle carefully. The front wheel seemed a little buckled but other than that it was fine. Just as well, he thought, or the white man at the Embassy might not pay him the rest of the amount he was promised. The message made no sense to him, but he assumed that the man he was due to meet would understand it. Terminate Plan A, Abort Plan B, Eliminate Messenger, he said to himself over and over in his head, in case he forgot it in his flustered state. Terminate Plan A, Abort Plan B, Eliminate Messenger.
He pushed his bicycle off, which wobbled slightly at first but soon steadied itself, for the long cycle to Beajah. It should take him a few hours at least. Hopefully he would make it back to Monrovia before dark, before the market shut up for the night. That was assuming he got there alive at all, with all those crazy drivers on the road.


The Land Rover was held up by livestock being herded towards the market as they arrived at the edge of Tubmanburg. Cowherds were prodding the animals with sticks, nervously eyeing the vehicles behind them on the road.
‘How long do you think we might be, Dexter?’ Freda asked. ‘Here in Tubmanburg, I mean.’
‘I don’t know,’ he replied. ‘An hour. Maybe two.’
‘Oh,’ she said distractedly.
‘Why?’
‘Well … I just thought – if it’s alright with you, that is – that I might …’ She paused. ‘Well, maybe go see Camilla’s mum. She’s not well you know. And I feel I owe it to her. You understand.’
Dexter turned around in his seat. ‘Camilla’s mum? Not well? I thought you said she was a complete fruitcake.’
‘Fruitcake?’
‘Not right in the head. Crazy.’
‘She is. Completely. But still. I feel I owe her some explanation. We left very suddenly.’
‘But what about your brother?’
‘He will not be there.’
‘How are you so sure?’
‘Trust me. It’s why he had me taken from Gibson Street. Those men would be back for me if he knew. It won’t be for long. I just need to talk to her, and then I will be back. As soon as I can. I’ll meet you right here by that stall in what? An hour?’
‘I don’t know. I don’t like the sound of this, Freda.’
‘Oh let the woman go for God’s sake,’ Kate piped up impatiently, never one herself to like being told what she could or could not do, most especially by men. ‘Just go! We’ll be here. Don’t even ask him.’
Dexter and Freda both looked at Kate with reprimanding glances.	
‘If you don’t mind,’ Dexter said, after a pause. ‘I think this is our business.’ He turned to Freda. ‘Look, okay. But be careful.’
‘I will. Thanks, Dexter.’
As she exited the car, she turned, giving her man a brief, encouraging smile, before walking in the direction of the market square. And as he watched her disappear into the crowd, a sudden notion came to his mind of how little they had ever really spoken about Camilla. At least with regard to how she might be fitting into any of their vague, future plans together. He knew how problematic it would be to bring an African woman home to Ireland with him, not to mind two. They would have sit down sometime soon for a chat on the matter, he decided.


Father Cormac was in his dressing gown pruning the shrubs in his garden (a weekly activity he immensely enjoyed) when Dexter’s Land Rover entered the Mission compound and pulled up on his verge. He was not expecting visitors. His first reaction was pleasant surprise, until an image suddenly flashed in his mind that sent an intense feeling of panic through him. Had he remembered to close his bedroom door before he left the house? Larry had failed to return the night before, most probably having spent it in one of the villages or at some acquaintance’s house in Monrovia, and for this reason, Cormac was now worried that he might have been somewhat remiss in closing his bedroom door. What if Dexter were to find the semi-naked body of his illicit partner, Kumba, lying sprawled asleep on his bed? What would he think? How could Cormac ever look him straight in the eye again? It was troubling him so much that he could hardly think straight.
‘Didn’t expect to see you so soon,’ he said, forcing a half smile, as Dexter and Kate exited the vehicle. ‘Larry said the bridge was already done.’
‘That’s right. Oh, Cormac, sorry – this is Kate Livingstone, the journalist.’
Journalist! Cormac looked at the camera hanging from around her neck and his heart began to pound like a drum, instantly visualising the front page scandal: him standing horrified in his dressing gown, one hand attempting to cover Kumba’s breasts, the other held outwards against the blinding flash: CATHOLIC PRIEST IN SEX ROMP ORGY SEX GAMES, or some such headline. It was what they did, these journalist types; always looking to drop some poor soul right in it. He shook her hand limply, his eyes wide with trepidation.
‘We need to talk, Cormac,’ Dexter said with some gravity. ‘I’ve something to show you. Or at least you might have something to show us.’
‘What? To show you?’ he replied with alarm, looking suspiciously from Dexter to Kate.
‘Yeah, if it’s not too much trouble,’ he said a little defensively, detecting Cormac’s hostile tone.
‘What is it you want? I’ve nothing to hide. I suppose Larry’s been shooting his mouth off as usual, is that it? That’s it, isn’t it? I’m surprised at you, Dexter. Really!’
Dexter screwed up his face. ‘Huh?’
‘She’s just a domestic, that’s all.’
Kate looked at him crookedly.
‘What? No, listen, Cormac,’ Dexter said. ‘I’ve got a photo to show you. I just need you to identify it.’
Cormac eyed him cautiously. ‘Is it of me?’
‘No, of course it’s not of you. I’d hardly be driving all the way to Tubmanburg to ask you to identify a photo of yourself now, would I?’ Dexter said, growing concerned that the old priest may have lost his marbles since their last meeting.
‘Oh! Oh sorry, I …,’ he said, now relieved at the likely misunderstanding. ‘I thought you were … I mean, I thought you and she were here to … you know … oh, never mind.’
Dexter hesitated. ‘Can we come in so?’
‘NO!’ he snapped instantly. ‘I mean, yes of course you can, but you’ll have to wait for a bit. I’ve something to check on first. It’ll only take a minute.’ He turned, walking briskly inside.
‘What’s up with him?’ Kate asked, when the front door closed behind him.
Dexter looked at her wistfully. ‘Seven years of war. Oh, and some bird he’s knobbing called Kumba. Just pretend you don’t notice anything.’


Cormac returned shortly and beckoned Dexter and Kate to follow him into the house. The living room was a frugal one: an old sofa (torn in parts) taking up much of its central space, a small, nondescript table sitting on a faded rug, a rocking chair, a rather large box radio on the ground in one corner, and a small reed crucifix over the archway leading to the pantry. There was nothing much else. The bare walls depressed Kate greatly.
The door to Cormac’s bedroom which led directly off the living room, where Kumba lay asleep under the bed sheets, was now shut. It was just as well he had remembered it. His relationship was not one he hid as a rule around the Mission, but when white faces came to visit, he could not help but feel a deep sense of wrongdoing and guilt. He was not too sure why though. Compared to the many atrocities he had witnessed and had had to listen to in his confessional over the years, it paled into trivia. And who could judge him, anyway, a man who had spent years working among the poor, tending to the sick at the Mission’s makeshift clinic, minding and schooling orphaned children, doing God’s work for pittance? Who was anyone to judge anyone else?
He looked at his guests, unsure as to what to do with his hands.
‘Sit, sit!’ he said impatiently, fussing around nervously.
Dexter and Kate took a seat together on the sofa.
‘Tea?’
‘I could do with a cup,’ Kate said.
‘Alright so, Cormac. Thanks.’
He proceeded to the pantry where the scraping of stainless steel on crockery could be heard through the open archway. A rain cloud passed across the sun, darkening the room slightly.
Dexter and Kate sat in silence, neither one sure what to say to the other, neither in the mood for small talk, neither caring much for work talk either, at least until the priest returned with the tea. Dexter had not spoken to her of the photograph yet. Something told him that she would probably want to keep it, make some story of it, sensationalise it somehow, when George was the one who had given it to him before he blew his brains out at Dexter’s virtual invitation. He felt he owed it to George’s memory to be careful with the information. And he owed it to Finn too. Kate could wait!
Kate, on the other hand, was surprised and a little disappointed back at the cement factory to discover how young and new to the game Dexter seemed. She expected, considering the potentially hazardous nature of the trip, a more experienced man, a bigger one, one she could count on should the worst occur. True, he had handled the soldier well at the checkpoint, but what was all that business with the girl in the car? He sounded edgy, and edgy was not a trait she could afford to ignore in her present position.
She was just on the point of inquiring of his experience when suddenly the bedroom door swung open, and Kumba, a loose towel around her otherwise naked body, emerged, smiling and greeting them casually as she made her way to the bathroom. The two guests stared at her as she passed into the pantry, and then looked blankly at one another. An anxious whisper could be heard from inside.
‘So what?’ the female voice replied.
‘SHH!’ the now-audible whisper urged. ‘I’ve got guests out there. Cover yourself up!’
‘Cover yourself up!’ she retorted redundantly, as a door banged to an outer room.
A minute or so later, Cormac re-entered with a tray of cups and freshly-made donuts.
‘Everything alright?’ Kate asked.
‘What?’ he said, knitting his brows.
Kate motioned her head in the direction of the pantry. Dexter rubbed his neck, amazed at her forwardness, rudeness even. Whatever happened to pretend you don’t notice? Cormac placed the tray on the table and then took his seat on the rocking chair.
‘Oh, you mean Kumba?’ he said in delayed response. ‘Oh, no, no. I know what it looks like, but no. She’s just … she’s a domestic.’
‘A domestic?’
‘No, no,’ he continued laughing distractedly. ‘No … I mean yes. Yes, she’s a domestic. I meant she’s not … I mean it’s not what you probably think. You know what I’m trying to say.’
‘Not really, Father,’ she persisted.
Dexter glared at her. Why could she not just let it go?
‘No,’ he replied now with an edge in his tone. ‘I’m sorry. What is it your name is again?’
‘Livingstone. Kate.’
‘Ah, yes. Livingstone. No relation to David Livingstone, I presume?’ he asked, eager to change the subject.
‘No.’
‘And what has you here?’
‘I’m following a story on that missing UN man. Dexter’s boss is an old friend of mine. They’re helping me out.’
Cormac looked towards Dexter in a stern, fatherly way. ‘Dexter? What are you getting involved in this for?’
Dexter sighed. ‘Something Larry said. Quite a few things Larry said, actually. Where is he anyhow?’
‘Stayed the night in one of the villages, I suppose. Odd that though,’ he said with a puzzled look. 
‘Odd?’
‘Well, recently he’s been avoiding it, what with the elections and all that. I’ve warned him, but he never listens to me. You know Larry.’
Dexter took a bite of a donut. It was warm and ridiculously fatty, just how he liked them.
‘You shouldn’t be getting involved, Dexter. Or you, Miss Livingstone. Kidnapping is serious business in this country. I’d stay well away, if I were you.’
‘Yeah, you’re probably right. It’s just …’ he hesitated, removing the photo from his inside pocket and handing it to Cormac, who looked closely at the image. Kate stood up to see. ‘Any idea where it could be?’
‘Oh my Lord!’ he said, his face turning pale. ‘Haven’t been up there in a long while. That palaver hut is familiar. There’s a creek down beyond there. I’m pretty sure that’s Gayah Hill.’
‘Gayah Hill?’ Kate asked, trying hard to suppress her excitement.
‘It’s a village not far from here,’ Dexter explained. ‘Off the main road a bit. We would have passed it on our way up.’
The door of the bathroom opened. All three looked towards the pantry as Kumba re-emerged, the towel still in place.
‘Where’s the shampoo, Cormac?’
His face dropped.
‘Shampoo? What do you mean shampoo? You’ve got work to do, Kumba. And what are you doing taking a shower in my house? Honestly!’
Kumba stared at him strangely. ‘Do you know where it is or not?’ she asked impatiently. She was well used to his erratic behaviour around guests.
‘I’ve no idea, young lady. Now please get some clothes on you or these people may get the wrong impression. Really and truly!’
Kumba returned moodily to the bathroom, once again banging the door behind her. Cormac’s face was flushed, his emotions running high.
‘Perhaps we’d best be going,’ Dexter suggested gently.
‘No, no, don’t be silly,’ he laughed apprehensively, twiddling the ring on his middle finger.
‘You know, Father,’ Dexter said, feeling the need to ease Cormac’s obvious strain under the circumstances. ‘It’s alright with me really. I mean, I think it’s actually quite …’
‘I’m sorry you had to see that!’ he interrupted quickly. ‘But it’s not what you think.’ 
‘Yeah, of course. I was only saying …’
‘I know. I know what you were saying.’
A tense and awkward silence followed.
‘Hey listen, Cormac,’ Dexter said, retrieving his photograph from Kate, who seemed ever so slightly reluctant to let it go from her grasp. ‘We’ve really got to dash. I’ve got to call my new boss man or he’ll blow a fuse. But thanks for the tea.’
Cormac nodded, continuing to sit as they rose to leave. Rays of sunlight entered the room through the window behind him, released at last from behind the dark rain cloud.
‘Don’t tell Larry, Dexter,’ he said, resignedly, as they reached the door. ‘About what just happened. He’s funny about these sorts of things.’
‘Sure. No problem,’ Dexter replied, wishing he would just drop the whole subject. ‘I promise.’
As the Land Rover reached the gate of the Mission compound (Victor once again nearly flattening the running figure of a young boy in much hurry to see the priest), Dexter looked through the rearview mirror as Cormac emerged from the house.
‘What’s he so afraid of?’ Kate asked, with the relish of a neighbourhood gossip.
Dexter made a conscious decision to ignore her. Something told him she would only scoff at any attempt to try to explain it.


Maurice picked up a hole puncher, turned it upside-down to examine its workings, and then placed it back down on Martha’s desk. All morning he had been shuffling aimlessly around the office, waiting anxiously for Dexter’s call. It had been two hours now without any communication. Martha and Chamblah watched him with a quiet sense of bemusement as he moved from one desk to the next, asking them a great deal of unusual questions.
‘So when’s the baby due?’ he asked Chamblah at one point, who, though large, was at a loss to know what he could possibly mean.
‘What baby?’ she asked with innocent curiosity.
‘Oh, right so,’ he said. ‘Sorry about that.’
At the door of the office, Mister Albert was hovering, eager to thank his new boss man for the third or fourth time that morning. He was wearing his old, blue uniform again, freshly laundered by Esther. Today he was the happiest man on Gibson Street.
‘Please, sir,’ he said, crossing the threshold to the office and bowing. ‘Please, sir, thank you-o. Thank you again, sir.’
Maurice looked at the office secretary and frowned.
‘Mister Albert,’ Martha said, firmly. ‘Please go back to the house and stop bothering Mister Maurice. He’s a busy man.’
Mister Albert thanked him again and left, proceeding carefully down the office steps to the street. Maurice looked out the window and watched him as he carelessly plunged his feet into several muddy puddles which had formed on the street. Not much of a presence security-wise, he thought. Maybe he was a little hasty suggesting his re-employment. But he knew from experience the problems associated with breaking in someone new, especially now with the elections only just around the corner. Who knew to whom anyone was connected? And at least the old man was loyal, or so Dexter had told him. He would have to do for the present.


‘Where the hell is she?’ Kate asked Dexter impatiently, and not for the first time.
‘I don’t know, I said,’ he snapped.
The car was parked close to the market square where Freda had left them well over an hour ago.
‘We’ve no time for this,’ Kate continued. ‘I need to get to Gayah Hill.’
Dexter turned around fully in his seat and stared at her straight in the eyes. ‘So you’re just going to walk into the village with your camera and start asking questions, is that it? Well good luck lady, because you’re on your own! Oh, and by the way, tell Finn if you see him in that cage that I was asking for him, will you?’
Kate cocked her eyes to heaven. He was proving just as she had earlier feared – inexperienced and yellow-bellied. ‘Look, the chances are he’s not even still there. They’re bound to have moved him by now. And I need your vehicle to get there. So if you’re too chicken to come along, then at least let your driver drop me off at the turn-off. I know what I’m doing; I’m not new to this. And I need a handset too, just in case.’
He shook his head at her. Unbelievable! He knew journalists could be pushy, but this was too much! He thought about what to do for a moment.
‘Victor, get Maurice on the line!’


Martha and Chamblah were most impressed with Maurice’s feat, managing to juggle three whiteboard markers for a full minute without dropping them, when the office radio clicked loudly. He jumped and ran to it, letting the markers fly. The voice on the other end of the line was muffled like a person shouting through an echoing pipe. He concentrated hard to hear, flapping his hand occasionally to warn Martha and Chamblah to be quiet.
‘Gayah Hill,’ Dexter said for a third time. ‘The photo’s of Gayah Hill. I know the place.’
‘Good, good,’ Maurice said, pleased with the breakthrough. ‘Now – you sit still! I’ll inform ECOMOG immediately!’
There was a delayed pause on the other end of the line. ‘Kate wants to take a quick look first. She says there’s no point in contacting ECOMOG unless we’re sure. She wants to take Victor.’
‘Come again?’
There was another delay. ‘Kate’s going up there with Victor.’
‘Shit!’ Maurice said aloud. Martha and Chamblah smiled awkwardly and bowed their heads with embarrassment. 
Maurice now remembered clearly the Kate of old – never one to let anything get in her way when the scent was strong enough. He had forgotten how ruthless she could be for a story. It was the very reason he had invited her to stay in his compound back in ’92 in Somalia, and it had paid off handsomely; he had got plenty of airwaves out of it. But she was rude to the staff, he recalled, his staff, and she left suddenly without even a word of thanks. He could not help but feel sudden pangs of guilt that he had somehow compromised his organisation on this one. Why did he have to sleep with her in Abidjan?
‘Look,’ he said gruffly down the line. ‘You tell her to do what she has to do. But Victor drops her at the edge of the highway and goes straight back to Tubmanburg. You fix a time to meet her at the same spot later. If she’s not there, I’m calling ECOMOG. You tell her that from me and make it damn clear.’
‘Right!’
‘And don’t leave it so long to call me the next time!’
When Dexter looked around at her, she was double checking the roll in her camera. Her heart was pumping quickly. This was the big one. This would put the Siad Barre and Foday Sankoh interviews in the shadows. This was what she had come to do, and what she loved more than anything else in the world. When she was satisfied that her camera was in working order, she looked up at Dexter.
‘So what are we waiting for? Give it two hours! You heard him! Then do as he says! Now hurry up and get out!’ she said as if in one sentence, and not at all pleasantly.
Dexter felt poised between dislike and awe, as she placed the camera around her neck, flicking her hair over her shoulders, eager, even crazed with the thought of entering the fray. What kind of person risked their life like that? He presumed she had never been married or ever had kids.


The boy, whom Victor had nearly flattened at the gates of the Mission compound on their somewhat hasty departure, ran to the garden fence of the priest who was about to restart pruning his shrubs.
‘Fadda! Fadda!’ he called urgently, and much out of breath.
Father Cormac was not at all pleased with this second interruption this morning. When would they ever leave him alone? Just five minutes to prune his shrubs in peace!
‘What is it, boy?’ Cormac asked moodily.
‘Brudda Momalu send me. Fadda Larry, he in cage-o. At Gayah Hill, Fadda. Him and dat udda white man. He say you gone tell us wad to do.’
Father Cormac’s face paled. ‘Larry?’ he said in disbelief.
‘Dat right, Fadda. I tink dey gone be some kind of fight yonder. Some ting bad gone down-o. De Devil, he come back to Gayah Hill. An he no happy-o.’
‘The Devil?’ Cormac said in shock. ‘And Momalu sent you?’
‘He my chief. I do wad he say.’
Momalu! It was a name that was not unfamiliar to Cormac. Although Gayah Hill was more Larry’s domain, Cormac had met the village chief on a few occasions in the past. There was something about his eyes, staring for prolonged periods of time at nothing, that had often sent the shivers through Cormac. Of course Larry could never see it. He was quite taken by the groveling, old village chief, and had defended him so much in the past that Cormac decided to leave the whole matter be. If Father Larry trusted him, well maybe that was good enough. But now that same man was calling for him to come quickly. And Larry in a cage? Cormac wondered suddenly if it was some sort of trap. An ambush perhaps. Why not him too?
‘Okay, okay, good boy,’ he said earnestly. ‘I have an idea. Let me just get my keys. Wait here!’


The first flash flood of the rainy season ceased temporarily, giving way to brief burst of sunshine, as Victor pulled the Land Rover to a halt alongside Dexter, who was standing with his hands in the seat pants of his Bermuda shorts looking intently at the busy customers around the market stalls. Where the hell was she? What was taking her so long? A dread of fear was rising in him. He should never have agreed to let her go. It was Kate’s fault. Why did she have to shoot her big feminist mouth off like that? It had made him feel weak. They should have discussed it a bit more. Now he had no idea where in all of Tubmanburg to start looking if she did not return. But at least she knew the Mission. She would figure to go back there and wait. At least he hoped so.
As he turned to re-enter his vehicle, he heard a grumbling, rattling sound from behind. Farry Cormac’s jeep was chugging its way towards him up the muddy street, an excited boy leaning out of the window and waving at him frantically.
‘Mistah! Mistah!’ he shouted. ‘No go!’
Dexter paused by the open passenger door, as Cormac’s vehicle came to a sudden halt with a noisy screeching of brakes.
‘They’ve got Larry in a cage at Gayah Hill, along with the UN hostage,’ Cormac said rapidly. He was visibly shaken. ‘Tamba here says he thinks something very bad is about to happen. I think they’ve awoken the village Devil up there. That’s very bad news, believe me!’
Dexter stood still for a moment, numbed to his core. So it was true. Both Larry and Finn! And it was all his fault. It was he who had delayed Finn at Papa Romeo bar that night, and then let him walk home alone; and it was he who had shamed Larry into risking his life, to atone in some nonsensical way, for his wrongdoings.
Dexter thought instantly of Spat and a sudden shame overwhelmed him. Why had he ignored her advice all along? Why had he broken curfew so flippantly and so often? Why did he not check out the bridge project sooner, and more thoroughly, as she had asked him to do from the start? And not only that, but he had tried and succeeded in turning the entire local organisation staff against her. How could he have been so vain? So selfish? What kind of a person would do such a thing? Only a coward for sure, he believed.
‘What Devil? What are you on about?’ he said, regaining some composure.
‘Juju. Voodoo,’ Cormac replied.
Dexter frowned. ‘Get Maurice on the radio!’ he said quickly to Victor, who duly tapped in the four-digit code to Monrovia.


When the call came in, Spat was standing at Maurice’s shoulder.
‘Father Larry,’ the muffled voice said. ‘They have him at Gayah Hill. The two of them are together. I’m going down there now with Victor.’
The radio crackled.
‘You’ll do nothing of the sort!’ Maurice roared back down the line. ‘We spoke about this. You keep away, you hear me?’
There was a lengthy pause.
‘I’m going to Gayah Hill,’ he said with determination, though his voice was clearly shaken.
‘You’re not! That’s an order! Stay away!’
Another pause ensued.
‘They’re friends of mine, Maurice,’ was the delayed reply down the line. ‘I can’t leave them there. I just can’t. I’m sorry. I’ll call you later.’
‘DEXTER!’ Maurice shouted several times down the line to no response.
‘What does he think he’s doing for God’s sake?’ Spat asked crossly.
‘What he always bloody does – whatever he bloody well feels like. Jesus Christ! Call ECOMOG immediately! And tell them not to leave without me. I’ll be at their base in seven minutes flat.’
He looked frantically around the office for anything he might need.
‘And where the hell do you think you’re going?’ Spat said, her arms folded tightly.
‘MABASI!’ he shouted out the window. ‘Get the car ready!’
Spat stared at him in disbelief. ‘Christ, Maurice! When are you ever going to …’ 
‘WHAT?’ Mabasi shouted up to the window from the street.
‘GET THE DAMN CRUISER READY!’ Maurice roared, looking challengingly at Spat.
‘You are not going up there with anyone,’ she said with firm authority. ‘I’m saying no. No, Maurice. I’m in charge here, remember. One idiot is enough on any team,’ she said, looking sidelong at Martha and Chamblah, who were trying their best to pretend they were not listening.
‘You’re to stay here and fix those faulty overhead lights like you promised,’ she continued.
‘Faulty fucking lights!’ he said, staring at her incredulously. ‘You think your precious lights take priority over our colleague driving straight into the middle of a war zone? Tell me, Spat,’ he said, spitting out the name he had heard that they called her behind her back. ‘Tell me which you think – and be honest now – is more important?’
She put her hands on her hips. ‘I’ll tell you what’s important, Mister Big Man in Africa. You came here to do a job. With one purpose only – you said it yourself. To keep us alive, to get us the hell out of here. So far, Maurice, you’ve done nothing but stir up suspicion and doubt. Jesus, you nearly even had me believing your crazy theories about Stan last night. And now you want to go dodging bullets again like you’ve spent your whole bloody life doing. No wonder head office are sidestepping you.’
‘Oh, so now you’re siding with them, is that it?’ he snapped.
‘I’m only doing what I think is right!’
‘And what about Dexter?’ 
‘You said he was a good man in an emergency. They were the words you wrote on his recommendation from the Rwandan camps. I’ve read them a hundred times over the past three months wondering how you could have got it so wrong.’
‘I’m not wrong,’ he said defiantly. ‘I was there that day in the camp. I warned him to get out. I would have left them. But not Dexter. No way! And now he’s bloody gone and done it again.’
‘Well if you’re right, then let him do his job. Your job is to secure our house before all hell breaks loose in Monrovia. And that could be any minute now. So I suggest you stop hanging around the office and do it. I’ll man the radio.’
The expression of taut strain on Maurice’s face softened somewhat. She was right as usual. So far he had done nothing, despite the promises he had made to himself to act professionally on this mission and to listen to Pat’s advice. And what could his presence alongside the heavily-armed ECOMOG really achieve if the worst came to the worst? Not much, he presumed. He had to see to his own responsibilities, and let the younger man get on with his.
‘God, you’re beautiful when you talk like that,’ he said unexpectedly, followed by a cheeky wink.
‘Get out, Maurice!’ she ordered, pointing to the door.
He looked at Martha and Chamblah, who were no longer feigning ignorance, and then beyond them out the window to the overhead lights across the street. The sky was darkening in the distance. A storm was on its way.
‘Well, keep trying to get him on the radio,’ he said, before turning to leave the office.
It was only when she was sure that he was out of earshot, that she dared address her two local office staff. ‘And that, ladies,’ she said. ‘Is a good lesson in how to deal with an awkward man.’
Chamblah clapped her hands and laughed loudly. Martha only smiled, turning to look out of the office window to the top of the street, where her man would soon be arriving in his old Grenada to pick her up for lunch as always. He was never late.


Dexter and Cormac stared at one another for a few moments. Then Dexter nodded his head at him once through the open window, and Victor started the engine.
Cormac watched as they drove away, feeling a surge of pride and a little envy; if only he were fifteen years younger, he might even have insisted on accompanying them. But he was no man of action and there was no point in thinking otherwise. Besides, he had Kumba to consider now. He had responsibilities. All considered, he was quietly pleased that Dexter had not offered him the chance.
Some minutes down the Tubman Highway, Dexter looked down at his lap. His legs were shaking uncontrollably beneath him in the front passenger seat. 
‘You know it’s okay to be fearful,’ Victor said in a fraternal way, choosing his moment poorly. ‘All great men feel fear. Even the great William Tubman. The elders from my village say …’
‘Oh, look, Victor, no offence,’ Dexter interrupted. ‘But can you just shut up and drive the car. I’ve got a few things on my mind right now!’


When Cormac returned to the house, Kumba was clumsily sprawled on the sofa, feigning a look of contempt.
‘I hope you’re happy with yourself!’ he said crossly. ‘Look at you – dressed up like a common whore!’
She removed one of her shoes and stood up.
‘Oh no, Kumba. Come on! Not now!’
She held the shoe above her right shoulder and threw it at him with force, hitting him on the backside as he scampered into their bedroom.
She took her time, pausing to sip her freshly-squeezed juice. She then walked casually to the bedroom door where she leant against the frame and watched him as he undressed.
When he turned to face her, she laughed scornfully at his scrawny, blue-veined body, and his pathetic weakness. She mocked and humiliated him in her usual way, and Father Cormac (whose trespasses were in most need of forgiveness) capitulated without a fight. For it was the purging of the itch of his male flesh that he needed most of all, and Kumba’s imminent spanking would serve him well, as always, in this regard.


15. Lieutenant Mulbah


Down some muddy, winding tracks off the Tubman Highway, through thick and sluggish undergrowth, three pick-ups carrying twenty or so child soldiers drove slowly and carefully towards Beajah bridge. Only their second lieutenant knew his superior’s orders, one of which was not to tell the other soldiers anything. The boys were singing a song that resembled a low chant with its many clicking and sucking noises. It was a song to suppress their fear, to distract them from what potentially lay ahead. It was a song for battle. And today, for the child soldiers of the LFF, their final battle had begun.
In the lead vehicle the second lieutenant, a fifteen-year-old boy who spent most of his days high on marijuana, was coldly sober. He was under the strictest of instructions. Today, though oblivious to the fact, he had been sent to carry out his final order. He would follow it through without question. This was what they had taught him at Devil school, this was what Mulbah had drilled into his head over the years, and this was all he knew.
Mulbah himself would not be accompanying his army to Gayah Hill on this particular occasion. It was something about those orders from the Embassy. They sounded wrong. If there was some problem in Monrovia, why did Stan not call him to Monrovia directly as he had done so often before? Why terminate, abort, and eliminate, without any valid explanation? And after all those intricate diagrams of the stadium he had been shown at the Embassy by the Sergeant? After their last forthright meeting? And why eliminate the messenger? Why would Stan pass on such an order to Mulbah, once Prince Johnson’s closest aide, as if he were some common bandit living in the bush? His instinct told him that something was up. It told him too that ECOMOG would soon be on his tail, and when they caught him he knew they would hang him from the nearest branch without a moment’s hesitation.
Through the bush he could hear his boys approaching. He stood to attention and waited. He had trained them well; they were loyal and tough. But they were few. And in the end they were only boys, mostly war orphans, just homeless vulnerables with nothing to lose, playing grown-up games for real. He knew that not one of them would live to see twenty.
In some ways, although saddened by his failure, his decision to bring his own personal war to an end brought a strange kind of comfort to him. He had grown tired of moving from county to county, village to village, careful not to spend too long in any one place, surviving mostly off yams and armadillo roadkill. He was weary of chasing shadows through the bush, hoping they would lead to some better life. He no longer even knew his reasons for fighting. Habit, he supposed, had replaced cause. Once, in the early days, he had sought vengeance on the murderers of his father, but as the months had merged into years with no success, their faces had become a blur to him. Most likely they were dead now anyway. How naive he had been, he thought, imagining himself a respected and accepted man in society, a Minister in the great, new Prince Johnson’s government of Liberia! How laughable! He had failed miserably in his efforts to build that fearsome reputation he hoped would frighten off the other warlords. Charles Taylor was the king of the jungle now, just as he had always been. Only a fool would deny it.
He reached into his inside pocket and placed his hand on the thick envelope for reassurance. At least he would have some US dollars when he finally reached Freetown or Conakry, if he ever reached there. He knew the safer border crossings from experience. He would try Grand Cape Mount first. Then Voinjama in Lofa County. He had the money to bribe his way through, but he knew he would need much luck too if he was to succeed. And of late, he could not help but feel that his luck was rapidly running out.
His soldiers saluted him for the last time from the passing pickups and he saluted them back. They were clicking and sucking hard now. Their battle had begun, as many do, with the simple gesture of crossing a bridge. And what a bridge to cross! Even the boys admired the workmanship and the smoothness of its even surface.
He watched them as they passed into Beajah, and then arched widely left towards the Tubman Highway. He looked at his watch. It was a fifteen-minute steady jog to Tubmanburg through the bush, and if he hurried he might just have enough time to see her.


Freda banged on the door. There was no reply. She banged harder.
‘Mama Camilla!’ she shouted, uninhibited by the turning heads of passers-by on the street. ‘Mama Camilla, WAKE UP!’
From inside she heard a vague shuffling. She waited and put her ear against the corrugated iron-covered door. There were feet clearly padding towards her on the other side. She stood slightly back as the locks (many it seemed) were undone, one by one. The door was opened ajar. Freda could make out an eye peering out at her through the gap.
‘What do you want?’ the female voice snapped.
‘It’s me, Freda, your sister-in-law. I came to tell you that I have Camilla. I am taking good care of her. I want you to know this. I want you to know that Camilla is safe and well,’ she said, articulating her words carefully.
‘Camilla?’ the voice said, searchingly. There was a pause. ‘Camilla?’ it repeated, now steady and deadpan.
Freda’s attention was momentarily diverted by a flash of forked lightning in the distance that caused a sudden panic on the street. It was an untimely distraction, for at that precise moment the door swung quickly open and a firm hand grabbed her wrist, pulling her into the house with a violent jerk. She was thrown hard to the floor, hitting the side of her face off its concrete, her cheekbone smarting.
‘YOU!’ Mama Camilla roared at the cause of her utmost grief. ‘WHERE IS SHE? WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH HER?’ she yelled, pulling and dragging the stunned Freda by her well-woven hair. ‘WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH MY LITTLE GIRL?’


Kate wedged herself in between the branches of a tall, well-foliaged, eucalyptus tree. Having studied the terrain for some time at a safe distance behind a clump of coarse grass, she had estimated that her present position had the optimum, panoramic angle and that the tree was strong enough to hold her. She had a good view too of the hill leading down from ridge at the entrance to the village, and a clear shot at the cage. There were two men sitting cross-legged inside, both apparently calm, both white males. She presumed the younger one was her man, and was pleased to have found him – but two would make quite a story indeed. She inspected her camera once more but knew there was little need. It was working fine, and it had never let her down in the past.
Not far below and to her right, two child soldiers sat in the shade of a palaver hut, bored, tired, and hugely unmotivated. They had their back to her position – another careful consideration of Kate’s. One had his rifle leaning against a mud hut some twenty yards away from him. The other was smoking marijuana, she presumed, its exotic aroma wafting its way into the trees. They were young, armed, and stoned, and most likely in unpredictable moods. She had heard all the stories. She knew she had to be very careful, and ever so quiet.
The silence around her in the trees was suddenly disturbed by a distant burst of thunder. And as she counted the seconds waiting for the flash of lightning to follow, she listened, surprised to hear no bird sounds: no panicked squawking, no noisy flapping, no movement whatsoever.
No birds.
How very odd! she thought.


Freda got dragged backwards towards a dusty mattress in the corner of the room. She felt great pain on her scalp, her hair being yanked so forcefully that she feared her extensions would be ripped right out along with their roots. Her arms and legs thrashed wildly in all directions as she screamed in acute pain and genuine terror.
Now, with her free hand, Mama Camilla tried to claw at her face, at her eyes, her mouth, anything. Freda forced her body to turn a little and gain some grip with all the energy she could possibly muster, so that soon they were grappling violently in the half light, their bodies intertwined, rolling forward and back from the corner to the centre of the room. At one point (the lowest for Freda) Mama Camilla started to bite. And in that dreadful moment, an image came to Freda’s mind of a stranger in a dark room. At first he was only a shadow standing in a doorway. But he was undoubtedly seeking her out. She was to be his woman that night. He approached and stood above her, inspecting her body. His heavy weight bore down upon her, as he groped in the blackness to unveil all she had left in her god-forsaken world. And she would kill him. She knew this for certain. She would have to. But he backed away in time, holding his ear and cursing her. She tasted his flesh and blood in her mouth. She had survived, and was fit to fight another day.
Freda stopped struggling all of a sudden, its impulse coming from somewhere deep within her. It was a reluctance of sorts, or a stoicism, perhaps an acceptance to give her body up to the punishment she felt she truly deserved. And besides, she had no desire to inflict any damage on the mother of her infant niece, whose energy was clearly waning. Mama Camilla continued to pull and drag at her for some moments, until she too ceased her efforts and instantly fell limp, wailing loudly like some crazed mourner at a funeral.
Freda breathed heavily but easier. Her body ached. She rubbed her hand over her scalp tentatively. It was tender and stung to the touch. Her cheek felt swollen. She struggled to sit up, looking pitifully at her adversary who had tears of angst rolling down her face. An overwhelming feeling of empathy and guilt suddenly engulfed her. How little difference there was between them, she thought; just two women trying to keep whatever shreds of hope they had left in a world that had forgotten all about them.
She leant across, wincing from a pain in her lower left rib, and put her arm awkwardly around her distraught sister-in-law, holding her close. Mama Camilla did not resist. It was a profound gesture. And together they remained still for some time upon that dusty mattress, in quiet, tearful reflection.


Victor pulled the Land Rover off the Tubman Highway and cut the engine. They sat still for a while to listen. All seemed fine. They exited the vehicle and searched around for fronds and thick grasses to cover it up as best they could. When they were satisfied, they nodded to one another, and began to move forwards at a steady pace. There was a clearing that ran alongside the gully, which meandered its way in a rough semi-circle around the perimeter base of the village, sitting upon its naturally-formed plinth. The undergrowth was deep and heavy, causing them to slip occasionally. Heavy drops of rain were making their way through the branches towards them. Dark clouds had formed high above, and a low sound of thunderous rumbling could be heard in the distance. The closeness of the air was uncomfortable and sticky.
They were upon it suddenly, moments before either of them even registered the fact. It was instantly recognisable by is dull grayish-green chassis and dented bumpers. It was scratched all over now and lying upside-down in the bush, exposing its underbelly like some subservient, domestic pet.
Dexter scrambled to the driver’s side and peered in through the cracked windscreen. There were traces of dried blood on the driver’s seat and Larry’s breviary open on the upturned roof. He looked up the slope from where he guessed it had tumbled off the road. It must have rolled at least three or four times, he thought. Poor Larry!
A faint murmur of distant engines could be heard now behind them from the Tubman Highway. They both looked in the direction of the main road and then at one another for a brief moment. Without further delay, they scrambled onwards, making their way hastily to the far side of the hill, until they reached a point of the slope that seemed climbable enough. They crawled upwards, their heads low, their chests firm to the earth. Wet leaves stuck to Dexter’s clothes. He could feel the wetness seeping through to his underwear.
At the top of the slope, they peered their heads cautiously over a ledge and then shuffled forward a little through the long grasses to where they had a decent view of the village square.
And there it was – crude and surreal – the very same cage as the one in the photograph in his pocket, the one George had so reluctantly handed over to him before he kissed the world goodbye with a bang.
Dexter spotted Larry and Finn, calmly sitting cross-legged, their eyes closed, in some pose that Larry had once read in a book and recalled only that morning with a disproportionate degree of excitement – anything to pass the time, now that their conversation had run dry. Finn, for some unknown reason to Larry, had seemed to want to talk about little else but baseball. Larry, on the other hand, had preferred to discuss how they were intending to escape, a topic Finn found utterly pointless considering the impossibility of their predicament. The fact that Finn was a confirmed atheist and Larry had little time for the UN did not help matters much either. Meditation seemed a good option to both as an escape from the uncomfortable silence between them.
The sound of the approaching engines became distinct. The two boys in the shade of the palaver hut emerged quickly, both eager to locate their missing rifles. Dexter watched as three pickups, all white and mud-stained, bounced dramatically over the ridge and downwards towards the village square, oblivious to the obnoxious potholes and muddy puddles that had formed since the morning. The boys looked nervous, their Kalashnikov rifles at the ready. The larger guns, attached to the back of each vehicle, were manned by young boys in dark shades, incongruous woolen caps, and white string vests. When they spotted movement in the square, they swung their barrels in its direction, their fingers itching to pull their triggers.


Freda sat calmly beside the broken figure of the woman who, for some time now, had been lying in the foetal position on the mattress, her eyes wide open, staring at the crumbling plaster on the far wall. Perhaps she was not as Freda had been led to believe after all. Mulbah had warned her to keep her distance; he had told her that she had completely lost her mind, her senses scrambled by the curse of some passing juju man. Freda had only seen her momentarily during the week that followed her abduction from Gibson Street and she had seemed as Mulbah had said. She was shouting and cursing, and her sorry state had disturbed Freda greatly. But perhaps she had good reason. Perhaps she had suspected why Freda had come to Tubmanburg. Perhaps in hindsight, taking Mama Camilla’s child away without informing her, without even a note, was verging on the side of reckless. But Freda had been so afraid for the child’s safety. In truth she had been most afraid for her own too with her now-estranged brother at large. Running away seemed the simplest solution at the time.
An image of Camilla peacefully asleep in her basket on the floor of Dexter’s bedroom came to mind, and with it an image of her man, her husband of sorts. In all her unexpected mixed emotion, he had gone clean out of her mind. How long had it been? she wondered. An hour surely, perhaps longer. She was suddenly most anxious to be gone.
Mama Camilla stirred suddenly on the mattress, her gaze fixed on the far wall. Her throat was dry, her voice croaky. ‘Why?’ she asked.
Freda looked at her with a deep sense of shame. ‘I thought it was for your own good,’ she replied. ‘I was told you could not cope, that you could not look after Camilla on your own. Mulbah said you were not well, that the baby needed a mother. I didn’t question it. But now I believe I was wrong. I cannot imagine what I must have put you through.’
Mama Camilla rose with effort to a sitting position, with a sad, resigned look upon her face.
‘Mulbah told me so many things about you,’ Freda continued. ‘Awful things. And then when I saw you that day, and when I heard Camilla crying, I made the decision to take her away. It all seemed to make sense. I had the baby’s best interests at heart, you must believe me!’
Mama Camilla bowed her head, speaking with heartfelt pain in her voice. ‘She’s all I have left in the world. I have lost everything in this war. Everything! You should not have taken her away from me like that, Freda. I thought it was all part of Mulbah’s plan. I thought that you and he were in it together, and that I would never see my daughter again.’
‘I’m sorry,’ Freda insisted, placing her hand on Mama Camilla’s. ‘Truly I am. Well she’s fine now. I promise you that.’
‘Where are you keeping her?’ Mama Camilla asked.
 ‘I know a safe house in Monrovia. It is the best place for her right now. I will keep her there until the elections are over. Then you may come and visit her.’
‘Visit?’ Mama Camilla said, a deflated look in her eyes.
‘It’s Mulbah. I don’t know who he is anymore, or what he has become. What if the next time it is him who takes her away from you, and not me? What then? You may never see her again. I can’t risk sending her back to you. Not now. Not while he is still around. Not while …’
Freda was cut short by the front door, which creaked open on its rusty hinges. The two women could only stare numbly as the figure of a man, somewhat out of breath, crossed the threshold and stood staring in silence at his wife and sister sitting together like old friends on the dusty mattress in the corner of the room.


As the boys were exiting their vehicles, Dexter heard a shuffling from behind him. He instantly froze. Victor ducked his head and remained very still. Together they held their breath and listened. The sound was of loose stones being unearthed and a muffled grumbling. Very slowly and carefully Dexter turned his body, keeping his head low. There, not twenty yards from his position and halfway up the slope on all fours, an old man struggled with great effort, his face the picture of intense concentration.
Dexter recognised him instantly. He had met him on several occasions in the IDP camp at Gbah and once in his home at Gayah Hill. It was Kahn, one of the village elders. What the hell was he up to? he wondered, glancing back anxiously to the square at the boys who were now circling by the cage. He hesitated. Then he turned again to the old man, who saw him and gestured urgently for Dexter to come to his assistance. Dexter cursed under his breath as he slid himself back through the grasses and down the slope, trying his best to be quiet. He grabbed the old man’s arm roughly and began to drag him up the hill.
‘Victor!’ Dexter whispered loudly. There was no response.
‘What de noise-o?’ Kahn asked.
‘Shh, shut up!’ Dexter warned him. ‘Victor! VICTOR! Where the hell are you? Give me a hand here, for Christ’s sake!’


Finn was on a sandy beach. It was somewhere in Florida. Daytona. He was eight years old. It was a warm day and he was happy. He sat perched, cross-legged, staring at the blue ocean. It would otherwise be ideal but for the shouting voices from down the beach that disturbed the silence and upset the scene. There were many voices. Boys’ voices. Unhappy ones. And although Larry had instructed him on the importance of shutting out all external distractions, the surrounding noise was more than he could bear. It had been a pleasant escape and he was none too pleased to be disturbed from his reverie.
He opened his eyes, and blinked once or twice. He looked across groggily at Larry who was facing forward, staring at a boy in a green beret and shades, no more than fifteen years old, inspecting them both with a frown.
‘Oh God!’ they both said in unison.
Some of the soldiers began spreading themselves out around the village square, one entering a hut and returning with squawking chickens held by their feet, and another with plastic litre bottles of palm wine, fit to burst their caps with the pressure.
The second lieutenant stepped away from the cage. He was clearly the one in charge as his soldiers listened to him obediently when he spoke to them in the vernacular tones of Bomi. Dexter watched as the boy made his way to a nearby rock, shooing away some inquisitive villagers back down the slope. He climbed up, removed a scroll from his belt which he unrolled, coughed once, and read aloud. His voice was freshly broken:

‘Dis here Gayah Hill, we proclaim belong now to de LFF, army of de Liberian Freedom Fighters. Dis man have commit de crime of treason and udda tings to our cause, and so today he gone get shot. But no shoot him in de cage-o. Dis here an execution by firing squad. Dese are our orders, and dese we oblige to obey.’

The soldiers stood around, looking uncomfortably at one another. Nobody had considered the possibility of having to shoot a white man. Such men were taboo.
Kahn, whose eyesight was failing him in his twilight years, was listening closely.
‘I know dis voice,’ he whispered to Dexter. ‘Dat boy come from de Devil school at Jawajeh.’
‘Jawajeh?’ Dexter responded, shocked at the prospect of such a thing in such a sleepy, pleasant place.
‘Dat right-o,’ Kahn continued. ‘Dey sure tink de Devil he a white man in dat school.’
‘They think the Devil’s a white man?’ Dexter whispered back with keen interest. ‘Then they won’t harm them,’ he said more to himself than Kahn. ‘I mean the men in the cage. They’re white.’
‘Dat for sure. But dey no Devil-o,’ the wise old man replied, shaking his head.
‘Why not?’ Dexter asked.
‘Cause de Devil dey know,’ he said, pointing at the boys in the square. ‘He a naked white man who make fire come from de sky. He no lock in no damn cage-o.’


Not far from where they lay in the long grasses, and above them in the trees, Kate shifted her weight uncomfortably. Her legs and backside were beginning to ache.
She checked her camera for the countless time, focused, and then clicked again, praying the light would hold out. She dared not use a flash or she would be spotted. But it was growing darker as the rain clouds amassed above her. Soon she might have no choice.


The two bleary-eyed boys stood to poor attention in front of their superior officer, who was not happy. Who was the second white man in the cage? he wanted to know. Where did he come from? And why had they disobeyed Lieutenant Mulbah’s direct order to be discreet? For their crime, they were given the task of crossing the Devil’s strewn paraphernalia to open the cage.
Johnnie and Sando looked at each other in trepidation. They had seen and heard the village Devil circling the cage many times in the past month. They had heard the bird calls from the trees and the ghosts of ancestors beating their drums in a kind of frenzy. They looked around at the tiger cowrie shells scattered around the perimeter line. There were dead snakes too, tree Mambas, old-looking rattles, and a doll’s head. This was the Devil of Gayah Hill’s boundary, a clear line he had marked around the cage that they were now being ordered to cross, with the fear of great evils falling upon their heads.
‘You go in dey right now, you hear?’ the second lieutenant ordered nervously. ‘Or we gone shoot you in you heads, boy.’
‘I say! I say!’ pleaded Sando.
‘You gone do what I say,’ he roared back and raised his rifle. ‘And you gone do it right now-o!’
Sando looked to Johnnie for direction who stared hard at the second lieutenant, a comrade he had never liked. After a lengthy pause, he removed the key from his pants. Villagers watched intently from all around in the cover of the surrounding trees. Kate clicked frantically. All eyes were focused strongly on the square of Gayah Hill, as Johnnie and Sando began to move hesitantly forward.
A deafening boom of thunder, ever so close now, made everyone jump. The eucalyptus branch upon which Kate was perched creaked slightly, as all eyes looked towards the sky.


Mulbah pulled up a chair and sat facing the two women on the dusty mattress on the ground. He was most surprised to find them together, so apparently at ease in one another’s company, although clearly intimidated by his presence. He scanned the room once, failing to spot his daughter. He then glanced quickly back towards the open door when a loud sound of thunder was heard from outside.
He had not much time. He had come to see Camilla before he left. He did not know when he would get to see her again, if ever, although she was too young yet to understand that fact. Today he would run, far away, and if he were truly fortunate, he might find himself a safer place to be some day, in some temporary tented camp or other in some foreign country. He would disguise his face somehow – grow a beard perhaps. He would use a false name. And he knew, wherever his path led him, wherever his corner of the earth would be, that he would often dream of his childhood days, playing on the carefree streets of Monrovia before Samuel Doe went and ruined it for everyone, and that he would dream too of a little girl he had seen only once whose existence her mother had tried to hide from him out of fear and distrust. He was under no illusion now; he had come home to fulfil his duty, to do what must be done. But he could not see her in the room.
Mama Camilla gripped Freda’s arm tightly. Together they stared at the face of the man they both once knew and loved in better times; the man who had walked into the bush one day and lost himself there for good. 
‘Well, well,’ he said, a wry smile forming on his lips. ‘How sisterly!’
‘What do you want?’ Freda said, looking at him straight in the eyes. They had lost their light, she noticed; their spark was gone. His face was lined. He was harder now, and not a man to be messed with.
‘My daughter,’ he said directly. ‘I want to see her. Where is she?’
‘She’s fine,’ Freda said, feeling Mama Camilla’s grip tighten.
‘Don’t play games with me. That’s not what I asked you,’ he said impatiently.
‘I know,’ she replied with defiance. 
‘Mama Camilla!’ he barked suddenly. ‘Get her!’
She hesitated.
‘Stay right where you are!’ Freda said. ‘You don’t get to tell her what to do anymore. She is staying right here with me.’
His eyes narrowed. He was not used to being spoken to like this. ‘Tell me where she is,’ he said, his voice level and threatening.
‘She’s safe. That is all you need to know. And that is all I am saying. Do what you want. Kill us if you have to. What difference does it make anymore?’
A glaze came to his eyes momentarily, but it passed. He looked at her now with a strange sort of curiosity, as if something deep in his unconscious was awakening, digging up some long-forgotten acquaintance. How her eyes were so very much like his own! He had never noticed before.
‘I have no time,’ he continued, his tone now softer. ‘I have only come to see my daughter before I leave. Not you! And not you,’ he said looking down at his wife. ‘You!’ he repeated with scorn, as if reminded of how cross he was with her. ‘Why did you hide her from me? My own child, and you would have never told me. Why?’
A silence descended in the room as his words sunk deeply. Mulbah looked suddenly drawn and exhausted.
‘You never told him?’ Freda said, looking at Mama Camilla with surprise.
‘That’s right,’ she replied defiantly. ‘And I never would have. She will grow up far away from you, Mulbah. She will never know who her father was or what he did, and she will be the better for it.’
‘You have no right …’ he began.
‘No right?’ she interrupted incredulously. ‘Since when can you tell the difference? I know what you have done. We all do. You think killing and maiming innocent people gives you respect? You and your boys have only brought misery to this town. Why don’t you just go away and leave us all alone?’ she said, her voice beginning to fail her. 
‘You needn’t worry about that,’ he said roughly. ‘My war is over. Soon Taylor’s boys will be on my tail, and then ECOMOG, and after that every other rebel group in the bush will come to watch me burn. Will that make you happy? It’s over for me. I only came to see her. I didn’t come to take her away. I know what kind of life she would have. It’s not for a child. It’s not for anyone.’
The tone in his voice and the sentiment behind his words caused Freda to feel a mild sense of sympathy for her long-lost brother, despite how hard she fought against her natural instincts.
‘What have you done?’ she asked, hoping in her heart he would not furnish her with an answer.
He laughed cynically. What had he done? Where could he begin to explain it all if he even cared enough to do so? How could anyone understand it but him? At which point, he wondered, did it all begin to seem normal? When was it exactly that he crossed over into the jungle and never returned?
‘Where is she?’ he asked despondently and for the last time.
‘Monrovia,’ Freda replied. ‘Your orders were obeyed to the end, Mulbah. Camilla’s fine and she will be fine. We’ll see to that.’
He nodded with an air of defeated acceptance, trying to picture his daughter’s face he had only seen the once. He looked again at Freda, imagining his daughter would resemble her in some way someday. She was still so pretty. But there was something unrecognisable about her now. She seemed more grown up to him than before. More sure of herself. Her face had matured. That was it. She was a woman, and no longer his little sister.
‘You look different,’ he said as a matter of fact. ‘You look well.’
His comment came as a surprise to her. ‘You look like shit,’ she said. A half sneer crawled across his lips as he peered down to examine his uniform. Mama Camilla watched him closely. She knew what he was capable of, his unpredictable mood swings, how she had often ended up at the back of his hand. But he seemed resigned now, uncommitted, tired and wasted.
‘Yes. I suppose I do. Well you were always the tidier one. Always picking up after me. I don’t know where I’d be without you.’
‘Where you’d be?’ Freda replied, unable to disguise the contempt in her voice. ‘Where are you now, Mulbah? Just look at yourself! It was always about you. I lost Papa too, remember? We all did. But you were the one to run off, and you got everything you deserved,’ she said, the tears welling in her eyes. ‘Why can’t you just leave us be? Please! Do that one good deed, and we will try our best to forget you. You owe us that much. Please, Mulbah!’
Outside, the thunder clapped loudly again and another flash lit up the room within seconds. The violent storm, which had threatened all morning, had come at last, just in time to play its part in the affairs of mice and men.

 
Dexter watched as Johnnie and Sando stopped at the Devil’s boundary. The second lieutenant and his boys raised their rifles as the rain began to hammer down upon their heads. A flash of lightening brightened up the sky. Johnnie closed his eyes. He heard the release of safety catches behind him. Sando remained rooted to the spot and whimpered as Johnnie shuffled forward alone.
By the time he reached the cage, his hands were shaking uncontrollably. He fumbled clumsily at the lock. He cursed. Larry and Finn watched him anxiously. They looked to the sky. The lightning was almost upon them. Any second now and their metal cage would sparkle like a firecracker. Their only chance, slim though it now seemed, lay out in the open.
‘Hurry up, for Chrissake!’ Finn shouted at the petrified boy.
He fumbled some more. At last the lock clicked, and he turned instantly to run towards the sanctuary of the palaver hut, with Sando following close behind.
The second lieutenant, flanked now on both sides by his soldiers, marched the two prisoners ceremoniously towards the centre of the square, their arms raised high above their heads.
‘Look, lads,’ Larry pleaded desperately. ‘You know me. I’m your Father. This man is only here to help you,’ he said pointing at Finn. ‘Just like me. You don’t have to go through with this. Think about what you’re doing for a moment. Just think for a …’
‘You be quiet now, Fadda,’ the second lieutenant shouted anxiously. ‘You hear? You gone be very quiet now-o!’
Dexter’s heart pounded in his chest. His mind was racing. He looked around for something, anything to give him the inspiration he so drastically sought. But he saw only Victor, whose head was ducked low, and Kahn, whose eyes were strained to make out the blurry shapes of the bodies in the square as he stared at them through the long grasses.
And then it hit him, all of a sudden, like a lightning bolt from above. How could it have taken him so long? Kahn! Of course! The wise, old Kahn! What was it he had said? De Devil dey know, he a naked white man who make fire come from de sky. His words now echoed like a ringing bell in Dexter’s ears. And although the idea was utterly preposterous, humiliating beyond reasonable belief, not to mention suicidal, he knew – was more sure in fact than anything he had ever known in his life to date – that there was nothing else for him to do. An image came to mind of his friend and mentor, Mad Maurice McDonald, climbing down a pit latrine at Lumasi to drag that maggot-infested corpse up by the hair. It was an act of pure and self-forgetful heroism, and one that Dexter knew that he now must emulate, though sick with apprehension, in a last-ditch effort to make up for all his former cowardice and obtuseness, and to try to save the lives of his friends.
He rolled over on to his back and began to remove his sodden T-shirt. Victor raised his head and looked at him wide-eyed. ‘What are you doing?’ he whispered with alarm.
‘Hold these!’ Dexter replied, removing his boots with concerted effort. ‘I promised you these. You can keep them. You’ve earned them. You’re a good man, Victor. And you, Kahn,’ he said to the bewildered old man. ‘You should run for president!’
His hands shook as he unbuttoned his Bermuda shorts and then rolled them and his sodden underpants down his thighs in a single gesture. The two Liberian men stared in disbelief as Dexter struggled into his bared state before them. It was a most disturbing sight indeed.
‘Well what the hell else is there to do?’ he said defensively, in response to the horrified look on their faces. ‘Have you any better ideas? Now start making some noise! Lots of it. You too, Kahn. Something to rattle them. Scream if you have to. Bang something. Anything.’
‘Don’t do it!’ Victor said quite simply, suddenly aware of his boss’s intention.
Dexter forced a smile and patted his driver’s shoulder, recalling a toast he had once heard someone raise. ‘To fewer days like these, Victor!’
He looked up. The boys were awaiting their order from the second lieutenant, their rifles raised to shoulder height.
‘Please!’ Father Larry continued pleading. ‘This is not the way. Think about what you’re doing. God will punish you for this.’
‘He’s right,’ Finn shouted at them, close to tears, above another thunder blast. ‘And that Devil of yours – he’ll want a piece of you too!’
 It was at this precise moment, Finn’s warning resonating uncomfortably among them, that Dexter rose predatorily from the long grasses, inhaled deeply, and then took off with a sprint, charging towards the village square in all of nature’s uninhibited glory, his arms gesticulating, his genitals flapping wildly, screaming like some rabid beast released at last to the wild from a lifetime of servile captivity.
It was a strangely liberating feeling for him (and if it was to be his last, not an entirely unpleasant one), the rain beating down on his pale white skin, the thunder booming and lightning flashing from all sides, his fear abated, his niggling conscience purged at last, as the boy soldiers turned abruptly in his direction, their jaws dropping one by one in a state of mortal dread.
From behind, Victor was beating a tree stump loudly with a stick, for what exact reason he was not quite certain, Kahn was making high-pitched bird calls which were immediately picked up and aped by the many hidden bodies of the villagers in the surrounding bush, and Kate Livingstone, reacting on pure journalistic instinct, at a height above in her eucalyptus perch, switched on her flash and clicked frantically, as if the end of the world itself were nigh.


Mulbah stared at the floor for some minutes in silence, his mind deep in thought. It was over, a voice kept telling him, over and over.
He stood up with a troubled look on his face. He straightened his belt and turned away from the women towards the door. He could think of nothing else to say. His heart, something he had not felt in his chest for so very long, weighed heavily. Freda and Mama Camilla looked at one another in silence with raised eyebrows. Freda shrugged her shoulders in answer to some unspoken query.
At the door he paused, leant forward and placed one hand on the frame for balance. He looked down at his feet and stood in that pose for a moment. He would have to bribe his way across the border if he had any chance of survival. This he knew for certain. Unless, of course …
He straightened up, placing his free hand into his inside pocket. The two women watched his action closely in sudden, frozen panic. He held his hand in this position, fingering the cold steel of his revolver which had brought him nothing but misery in his life. He tried once again to picture the face of his daughter, but again he failed. He did not know what she looked like and now he never would. She was gone clean from his memory, just like all those people whose lives he had destroyed in the past. They were a sea of faces to him all merged into one, a mesh of surreal images, ghosts to haunt him in the dark forever more.
He felt around in his pocket, taking hold of the envelope that was lodged behind the cold steel and, in a single movement, threw it high over his shoulder towards the mattress. The dollars scattered over and around the two women like confetti.
‘You make sure she gets a good education,’ he said brusquely, his back to them still. ‘That is all I ask. Tell her whatever you must, but tell her I did right by her in the end. Tell her that, at least. This is all she needs to know.’
Without turning around, he walked through the open door to the street and out of their sight.
The women looked at one another in stunned silence for a moment and then at the sea of dollars that surrounded them. Mama Camilla took a single one off the mattress and turned it over, her eyes wide in disbelief. Freda, recovering her wits, struggled to stand and moved quickly to the open door. But Mulbah was nowhere to be seen. The street was empty, the rain beating down heavily, washing away all the discarded rubbish into nearby drains.
‘We will,’ she shouted, though she knew he could not hear her. ‘God bless you, Mulbah! God bless!’


The younger boys were the first to drop their rifles, running for cover into the surrounding trees where the locals were waiting for them with sticks and stones and any other makeshift weapons they could find. The older boys, every one of them but the second lieutenant, paused for a moment longer to take in this most terrifying vision before them, before they too turned on their heels, scattering in all directions. Villagers emerged now from the trees, their anger targeted at the cause of their seven years of war and hunger – boys with guns. There could only be one outcome to this particular engagement, as the battle for Gayah Hill had begun in earnest.
Larry and Finn stood in confusion and disbelief as Dexter ran past them from behind, screaming at the second lieutenant, the only one left standing his ground. But although his hands were shaking, he had his orders which he would see through to the end, Devil or no Devil. He placed his trembling index finger firmly on the trigger, and pointed it squarely at Finn’s forehead.
Shots rang out. Bullets ricocheted. The second lieutenant’s face paled slightly. He lowered his rifle. It fell to the ground. And he soon followed, hitting the muddy earth with an undignified slump, as a battalion of ECOMOG vehicles bounced over the ridge and down the hill behind him, splaying bullets in all directions.
While Finn, Larry, and Dexter stood with their eyes closed and their arms raised high above their heads, Kate clicked her last few masterful shots. It was the one of Dexter’s naked profile, firmly in focus alongside the missing UN man, at the precise moment a lightning bolt struck the empty cage, with West African peacekeeping troops racing towards them on their rescue mission, that her delighted editor decided to go with in the end. It was an enduring image, and one that would satisfy the readers of Kate’s newspaper (and every other national newspaper in the western world for that matter) until the shock and amusement of it faded and another less or more worthy story would come to take its place.


It was early morning when the driver gave the soldier, who was busy scrutinising his passport at the border, a crooked look. The soldier frowned. He stepped back from the vehicle and began to examine it up and down. The driver understood instinctively what had to be done next. He leant across to the glove compartment without delay and removed the two packets of cigarettes he kept there for such occasions. He had been through this many times before and knew how best to avoid the inevitable hassle and grief that otherwise followed.
But even still, despite his gift, he was surprised that the barrier was raised so promptly without further incident. Perhaps it was too early for them yet, his being the first vehicle of the day. Perhaps they were awaiting the larger articulated trucks that would later pass through Voinjama en route to Guinea. Or perhaps it was because they were Ghanaians, and were not overly demanding. He was not sure, but was pleased nonetheless, and waved to them in their hut as he passed. It had proven one of his easier passages.
The man in the trailer who was crouched low and very still between two sacks of pulses, and quite unknown to his oblivious driver up front, breathed a sigh of relief as he heard the engine rev up again, and the muffled voices from outside fade.
He wiped the perspiration from off his brow and rubbed the back of his hand across his lips. It would be a long and difficult journey, he knew, a bumpy and uncomfortable ride, but he did not mind now. The hardest part for him was over. And although penniless, with nothing to show but the shirt on his back for all his years of hardship in the bush, Lieutenant Mulbah had made it out of Liberia alive.


16. Mister Albert


It was late afternoon when the office radio clicked loudly, causing Martha and Chamblah to jump. Its noise reverberated across the office floor and entered Spat’s inner sanctum. Instantly her door swung open and she ran towards it. Martha and Chamblah stood and stared at her anxiously. Dexter was on the line.
‘We’re fine,’ he informed her. ‘Just having a cup of tea here at the Mission. It’s been quite a day.’
‘What happened?’ Spat was eager to know.
There was a delayed response at the other end of the line. ‘Well … I’d rather not say over the radio,’ he replied. ‘We’ll be leaving fairly soon. I’ll tell you all about it when we get back.’
‘But Larry and Finn are fine?’
‘Grand, yeah.’
‘And Freda?’ she asked, albeit a little uneasily.
‘She’s here with me. So is Kate. Hell of a morning for everyone by the sound of it.’
‘Okay. Great! Maurice will be delighted,’ she said. ‘Oh, and, well, you know, well done and all that. Good work, Dexter.’
She looked out the office window and across the street to Maurice’s robust figure, balancing on a tall ladder above the house gate, busy replacing the bulbs on the overhead lights. He looked up anxiously at the dark clouds and frowned. He did not wish to be caught high up on a ladder if the electrical storm that was threatening moved any further southwards.
Spat continued to watch as he climbed down and disappeared from view into the compound. It seemed he had been right all along about Dexter. Maurice had said he was made of sterner stuff, that all he needed was the opportunity to find sufficient trouble to prove it; it was she who had mistrusted and underestimated him from the start. Her instincts had been wrong, and not for the first time. But what could a person do after all only what they believed at the time to be right? And if in the end it proved wrong, then it was wrong, but there was no point in regretting anything. Regret was such a wasted emotion. It was just the way it was and that was that.


As Spat was crossing Gibson Street, choosing the wording of her apology carefully, a voice called out to her from down the street. There was something in its urgent tone, notwithstanding its familiarity, that caused her heart to skip a beat. He walked over briskly to her and kissed her coldly on the cheek.
‘I thought I’d catch you for a word,’ he said.
‘I have nothing to say to you, Stan. It’s over. Let’s be honest for once in our lives.’
He forced a crooked smile. ‘Over? It’s not over. Not for me anyhow,’ he said cryptically, taking hold of her arm a little roughly and leading her in the direction of the house gate.
‘What are you doing?’ she said, struggling to release herself from his tight grip. ‘Let go, you’re hurting me.’
It was then that she felt the hard, metal barrel dig into her lower ribs.
‘Stan?’ she exclaimed, outraged and suddenly panicked.
‘Just be quiet now. Nice and calm. I’m not kidding around. Now knock on the gate and act normally. I mean it, Pat.’
‘What the hell are you doing? Have you gone completely crazy?’
‘Shut it! One false move, Pat, and I swear.’
Spat banged loudly enough for Mister Albert to hear. They waited in tense silence for some moments until the old man finally showed himself through the opened gate. His face instantly dropped at the sight of that same man again, that Embassy man, the one who believed Mister Albert was too aged and stupid to be useful to anyone. 
‘You!’ Stan said with derision. ‘Haven’t they fired your goddamn ass yet?’
Mister Albert hesitated and looked towards Spat whose eyes were lowered. Why did she put up with him? he wondered. Why did she have to bring him here? Could she not see what he detected ever so clearly? That look in his eyes? He did not love her and never had done. How could she not see that?
They passed by him and the now-vacant ladder without another word. And whether it was some intuition on his part or whether it was something in Spat’s manner (her submissive body language, her refusal to make even the briefest of eye contacts), or whether he just turned his inquisitive head in their direction at the opportune moment – a chance occurrence and no more – it did not matter. But when he turned around, as they were making their way up the steps to the front door, he was made aware of two certainties: Miss Pat was being dragged against her will into her own house, and a glint of metal in the hand of the man responsible was wedged into her side.
Mister Albert stood quite still for a moment, his heart pounding, his mind racing. He had to steady himself as thinking quickly was not something he was accustomed to. He looked towards the guard’s hut and back up at the house. And then an idea (a most terribly brilliant idea) came to mind. He had to act now upon his instincts, and those instincts told him that something was very wrong and that he must do something to rectify the situation.
He entered the hut and got down on one knee, placing his hand under the tattered mattress. He felt around for a moment until his fingers touched it. The photograph of his boss he had taken off her desk so long ago now it seemed, and had hidden carefully, was still there. He stared at it intently, rubbing some dust off the face that was smiling back at him.
He placed it inside his torn and sweat-stained shirt and then paced, step by step, slowly and deliberately, back towards the door. He heard the creaking sound he was listening for. Then crouching, he removed with some effort one of the wooden slats, no larger than the palm of his hand. He squeezed his fist into the hole. The object he now grasped was the size of a small test tube, which he removed carefully and held up to the fading light, swirling it around, looking deep into its amber essence. Then wedging it cautiously into his waistband, he made his way out of the hut and gingerly up the steps to the house of his boss, the lady who had once shown him kindness when no one else would.


Maurice was in his room, engaged in an epic battle with a mosquito that simply refused to die. He hated mosquitoes, not because of the obvious danger of catching malaria (he had long since overcome that particular concern, having suffered from the inconvenience of it on many occasions in the past) but because of that high-pitched frenzied noise they made which got on his nerves beyond reason. He paused to listen when it landed and went quiet, and then darted in its direction as it noisily re-emerged, spraying it frantically with an aerosol can he purchased at the market that made his throat tickle and his eyes water.
From the living room, down the hallway, he heard voices. If he was not mistaken, the male one belonged to Stan. What the hell did he want now? he wondered. Had he not got the message last night? His insistence was irksome. What was his bloody problem?
He opened his bedroom door, somewhat relieved to be out in the hall away from the toxicity of his room. He walked stealthily towards the living room, pausing at the arch to watch and listen. Sitting on the sofa was Spat looking up at Stan who was standing over her, apparently hugely upset with something.
‘Everything alright, Patricia?’ he asked, eyeing Stan coldly, as he entered the room.
‘Maurice!’ she said, startled. ‘Go on over to the office! File some logistics forms or something! I need to talk to Stan privately.’
‘No, no,’ Stan interjected. ‘No, come and join us. I want you to be here. In fact, I insist on it,’ he said, revealing the revolver in his belt. ‘Sit down! We have some business to discuss.’
Maurice’s face dropped. So his instincts were correct about Stan, after all, it seemed. But he had never expected anything like this. What now? he wondered, as he walked cautiously to the sofa and took his seat beside Spat. ‘Are you alright?’ he asked her.
‘What do you think?’ she snapped.
They both looked towards Stan who sat down in the armchair facing them.
‘Now,’ he said, as calmly as he could muster. ‘Now we can have our little chat.’ He looked directly at Spat’s narrowed eyes. ‘And no raising your voice. I can’t stand assertive women.’
‘What are you up to, Stan?’ Spat asked, trying hard to control the emotion in her tone.
‘What am I up to?’ he said, imitating poorly her Irish accent. ‘Have you really no idea? Either of you?’
They shook their heads.
‘No. Of course not,’ he said, smiling wryly. ‘Well let me ask you both a question then – if you don’t mind, that is. What exactly are you doing here? In Africa, I mean?’ 
They stared at him blankly.
‘I’m sorry. That’s a big question. Let me rephrase it,’ he continued. ‘Do you really believe that all your petty projects and handouts make a damn bit of difference to anyone? That you’re somehow changing the world, person by person, village by village? What kind of dumb asses are you? Open your eyes, for Chrissake! The only way to change things is from the top, not the goddamn gutter.’
‘Yeah, well, we’re non-governmental,’ Maurice piped up. ‘Politics doesn’t concern us.’
‘No one in this place is non-governmental,’ Stan retorted scornfully. ‘What happens in the next three weeks affects us all. Every one of us. And all you guys had to do was play a little ball. Christ, I gave you the opportunity on a plate. I told you about our stores of cash. But no. You wouldn’t cooperate. You just had to go and screw everything up. I heard what happened in Bomi earlier. News travels fast in these parts.’
‘What the hell happened?’ Maurice inquired with alarm, suddenly remembering Dexter.
‘He’s fine,’ Spat reassured him. ‘They’re all fine.’
At that moment, the front door opened causing Stan to jump quickly to his feet. Mister Albert shuffled in, his back bent slightly, heading directly to the refrigerator.
‘Hey!’ Stan said. ‘What the hell do you want?’
Mister Albert did not look around. He removed a large jug from the press and, keeping his back to the room, stretched up to take three cups down from the shelf above the sink.
‘Hey! Old man! I’m talking to you,’ Stan persisted crossly.
‘He can’t hear you,’ Spat reminded him, wondering what on earth Mister Albert was up to now.
The old gate guard turned and entered the room with a tray of three cups of juice and some plain biscuits. He did not make eye contact with anyone.
‘Mister Albert!’ Spat said loudly as he placed the tray on the coffee table, lifting each cup carefully and placing them down in front of the party of three. Stan put his hand over the revolver butt in his belt, shielding it from view.
‘Miss Pat?’ he replied.
‘Go home, Mister Albert. Take the rest of the day off,’ she said, making sure he understood her carefully.
‘You must all drink you juice-o,’ he said, his head bowed.
‘Go home, I said,’ Spat now urged.
‘You heard her, old man. Get out!’ Stan added aggressively.
Mister Albert looked up at Spat and nodded his head subserviently.
‘I am sorry Miss Pat. Very sorry,’ he said, and then turned to Stan. ‘You must drink you juice-o,’ he repeated. ‘A storm coming, it hot plenty, and you juice nice and cool.’
Stan glared at him as he walked back to the kitchen and out again through the front door. ‘I thought you got rid of that mad coot,’ he remarked, settling back into his armchair once more.
‘That’s none of your business.’
‘No, you’re right there. The simple folk of Liberia are not my business. I have bigger fish to fry, as they say. What I do actually means something.’
‘You mean assassinating would-be presidents,’ Maurice chanced.
‘Would-be presidents? Will-be presidents, you mean, now that you lot have botched up our US government-backed procedures,’ he said with a sneer.
‘But what have we to do with anything?’ Spat asked impatiently.
‘Oh, you don’t know? Well, let me fill you in. You see that UN man you so obligingly helped to free earlier, he was there for strategic purposes,’ he said, leaning forward to lift his cup and take a sip of his juice. The humidity in the room was becoming unbearable.
‘You’re saying that you knew where he was all along?’ Maurice said. ‘You let our colleagues go up there and risk their bloody necks for nothing?’
‘I warned Dexter to keep his nose clean that day on the Embassy lawn. Christ, I virtually told you last night in the annex. But you just had to get involved, didn’t you? And now an investigation will be carried out, and Taylor will come out smelling of roses. And you know as well as I that he’ll use this incident to the full. It’s just the fodder he needs for his anti-American rants. And you lot have made that happen. You’ve done nothing today but help a dictator come to power, and, by the way, worsen the trouble surrounding the diamond mines and the cross-border headaches with Sierra Leone and Cote d’Ivoire. These wars are planned, and they’re way beyond your jurisdiction. Why the hell did you have to meddle in games you don’t understand?’
‘Games? Planned by whom? What are you saying?’ Spat said, appalled by the suggestion.
‘By the United States government. By Embassies all over the world. By people like me, who else? What do you think we’re doing here? Playing volleyball and throwing fancy dress parties for the fun of it? Christ, you guys are dumber than I thought.’
In his excited state, beads of perspiration formed on his brow. His throat felt suddenly very dry. He took another draught of his juice, and then removed the revolver from his belt, placing it on his lap.
‘So things didn’t work out,’ Maurice said, staring hard at Stan’s gun. ‘Why not just drop the whole thing? Put it down to a failed mission and move on?’
‘Ha!’ he laughed sardonically, leaning back and staring at them like the innocents they were, far out of their depths in a grown-up world. ‘You know, Maurice, I don’t think you quite get me yet. I started out as a bit of a nobody like you once, in a place called Newport in the State of Rhode Island, on a damn naval base, teaching cadets how to tie knots. You wouldn’t believe the monotony, the meaninglessness of it all. So when I got my chance in Africa, South Africa first, then later Algeria,’ he said with a sudden frown, remembering how well he was positioned in line for promotion. ‘Well, let’s just say I wasn’t willing to give that lifestyle up too easily. And then one night in Algiers, I got myself involved in a late-night scuffle after a colleague’s wedding. Seems the man in question was connected somehow and the authorities were soon on my tail. It was only a matter of time before they hauled me in for questioning. My cover was blown. I had no choice but to get out. My mission was over,’ he said ruefully, taking another sip. ‘They told me in no uncertain terms that if I screwed up again, I’d be on the scrapheap – holed up in Newport or some other shithole for the rest of my career.’
He shook his head. Spat stared at him with contempt. How small and weak this man, who had once cuddled her to sleep, seemed to her now.
‘Don’t let Taylor in, those men in suits at Langley said. Don’t let him in – just like that,’ he laughed cynically. His head felt suddenly dizzy and his stomach a little queasy. ‘I agonised over it. What to do? I figured at first that discrediting Taylor was my best option. Turn his supporters against him somehow. Turn their fears into suspicions and then their suspicions into reality.’
‘And how did you hope to do that?’ Maurice asked.
‘By kidnapping some hapless aid worker. I figured once the international community suspected Taylor’s involvement, they’d threaten to pull their personnel out of Liberia for good. So that’s what we did. That, and put a photograph with a note on the windscreen of George Cavendish’s car, implicating the NPFL. And then I waited. I thought if anyone had the balls to take on Africa’s foremost warlord, it would be Cavendish; he was never short of something to say about Taylor during Octopus. But a week passed and there was nothing. No press conference, no word from Washington, not even a rumour. Cavendish had clearly lost his bottle and decided to keep his mouth shut on the matter, while I was still stuck with my bird in the cage up in Bomi. And nobody, least of all Langley, could ever hear of it.’
‘You mean it was all staged?’ Spat said, genuinely appalled. ‘How could you do such a thing to a person, and a fellow countryman at that?’
‘Fellow countryman?’ he said. ‘That cowboy was not our original target. My men got it wrong that night. We were after someone else. Someone you know very well, in fact. I even struck up a relationship with his boss in the hope that it would further our efforts.’
‘What?’ Spat said in alarm. ‘You mean to say Dexter? He was your intended target? And me? You were using me all along?’ she said with abhorrence. ‘You bastard!’
He placed his hand briskly on his side, wincing from a sudden dart of pain. What a time for a damn stitch!
‘It’s nothing personal – just business!’ 
Spat glared at him in disgust. How could he?
‘Anyway, the next thing I know, it’s a UN matter and I’ve got a diplomatic headache on my hands. Washington was barking down the phone at me. They couldn’t have one of ours, a homegrown American, abducted in a Third World country. You wouldn’t believe the stress they put me under.’
‘I thought you had your orders?’ Maurice asked.
‘That’s right,’ he said, the pain causing him to wince once more. ‘Keep Charles Taylor out. That’s what they said. With prejudice.’
‘Christ!’ Maurice remarked. ‘You mean they didn’t know about the kidnapping?’
Stan shook his head and took another sip of his juice. He felt a throbbing in his temples now, as perspiration rolled down his back.
‘So that’s when I set to work on the July 12 assassination plot at the stadium.’
‘So it was true?’ Spat said aghast looking at Maurice.
‘I needed a Plan B and I was running out of options.’
‘And how did you get anyone to agree to it?’ Maurice asked.
‘I told our man we were smuggling an old friend of his into the country, Yormie Prince Johnson. Told him he might be considered for a ministerial post one day. Told him whatever he wanted to hear. Gave him a whole load of dollars. It doesn’t take too much persuading once you flash the dough.’
‘But killing Taylor? I mean what the hell good would that have done to the situation? The country would be straight back to civil war, and we’d all be back to square one,’ Spat said.
‘Exactly! Square one! That’s exactly the point where our Marines were to come in. Everyone knows what a mess we made of Octopus. They were dragging dead bodies and dumping them at our Embassy gates, as our Black Hawks flew away in the distance. We’d have a chance to make up for it at last. We’d be the only force of note left in the city. ECOMOG do a whole load of muscle flexing, but they’re a shambles. We could have secured the whole of Mamba Point on our own; maybe even In-Town Monrovia itself. And I figured when the shit hit the fan, that’s exactly what we’d do. It would be Somalia all over again, something you two ought to know about!’
An acute pain now hit him this time like a sharp knife point in his side. His eye twitched momentarily and his face tightened. In his confusion, he panicked slightly and took to his feet.
‘Don’t tell me you and the rest of the knowing world wouldn’t have breathed a sigh of relief at Taylor’s end,’ he said. ‘And with the ULIMO factions spent, the great Alhaji Kromah and Roosevelt Johnson finished, we’d be the ones left in control.’
He coughed. A sudden, temporary haze formed over his eyeballs. He blinked rapidly to clear his vision.
‘A coup d’état?’ Maurice said, the incredible word taking shape in his head. ‘And Washington knew nothing?’
‘Nothing! They’d be informed that it all fell into our plate as if by accident, and I’d be the one at the helm, calling the shots. You know that saying about some men having greatness thrust upon them? Well, there it is.’
The pain in his side intensified. He pressed his free hand against it and leant slightly forward. When he straightened up, he could hardly focus on the shadows before him, the sound of Spat and Maurice’s voices fading rapidly.
‘So what happened?’ Maurice asked.
‘What happened? You two and that Dexter cretin happened. We needed better intelligence of Bomi. No one else was working there. All our information was dated or second hand. And it was the only place where my man and his boys were safe. But time was running out. Beajah bridge had to be completed. We had to avoid the Tubman Highway as best we could. We wouldn’t have got within ten miles of Monrovia on that road, even by night, before ECOMOG would be on our backs. And then when I realised you guys weren’t playing ball – well, I had no other choice.’
‘No other choice?’ Spat said.
‘I ordered Marshall’s death this morning. They were later to throw his dismembered body off the back of a pickup, with our boys wearing Taylor’s own NPP T-shirts, on some busy market day in Monrovia a few days before July 19. Just see how loyal the people would be to him then. It was a long shot, but our last hope,’ he said, swaying slightly. ‘But this morning,’ he continued, after a brief pause. ‘This morning Dexter put an end to all that. You lot rightly screwed it up from the beginning. And now … well, you guys are gonna pay for it,’ he said, lifting his revolver with some apparent effort, and pointing it in their general direction.
‘STAN!’ Spat screamed. What do you think you’re doing?’
‘Cleaning up evidence,’ he stammered, as his left arm began to spasm. He looked at it, one eye closed, in complete shock. ‘What the hell?’ He swayed again, feeling his head spin, and then suddenly wretched, vomiting on the floor before him. Maurice and Spat sat staring in disbelief, as his gun dropped from his grasp and he stumbled backwards, falling clumsily over the armchair.
Maurice was quick to react, jumping up quickly and kicking the revolver into the kitchen. They looked at one another in a moment of uncertainty and then walked around the armchair to stand above the dying man whose eyes were now rolling in his head. His body jerked a number of times, foam escaping from the side of his lips, and, with a last gasp and no final words of redemption, he twitched his last. His body lay still on the floor.
They stared at him for a moment without moving. Then Maurice tapped the body gently with his foot once or twice before bending down cautiously to feel for a pulse.
‘Is he dead?’ Spat asked, her eyes fixated on the body.
‘He’s a gonner alright,’ Maurice replied.
They stared at one another curiously. And then, as if the notion was whispered in the rains that so suddenly beat down upon the roof, they turned their heads at the same moment to the coffee table, to the cup from which Stan had been drinking. Spat went over instantly and picked it up. She swirled it around once and sniffed. There was an amber residue at its base and a herbal essence off its rim.
‘He’s been poisoned,’ she said, her eyes wide. ‘Poisoned,’ she repeated, as her mind desperately attempted to make some sense of the situation.
They both looked again to the cup and back to the body on the floor, the realisation slowly dawning on them.


The rain clouds broke over 3rd Street, down near a sliver of beach, where a seventy-eight year old man sat in his corrugated-iron hut staring at a photograph on his lap. It was of a woman, simply smiling back at him one evening while out feeding her chickens. Thomas had taken it (along with many others that day) at Spat’s request. And Mister Albert, having fallen for this particular shot so much, did a most ungentlemanly thing the next morning in the office when he removed it from the pile on his boss’s desk. He hoped that she would never find out. He hoped too that if she did, she would not hold it against him for long; he had upset her enough in the past.
He lay on his straw mattress and swatted a mosquito off his chest. Tonight, though quite obviously jobless once more, he was most content. Content in the knowledge that he had finally done right by the woman who had given him a chance, and later forgiven him his wrongdoings when no one else had seemed to care. And content too, of course, that that nasty man from the Embassy, the one with that evil look in his eyes and blackness in his heart, would never live to upset or harm the object of his affection again.


Epilogue


It is three weeks later at Papa Romeo bar when the expected news arrives. Charles Taylor has won by a landslide, his cronies parading through the streets in brand new vehicles, blowing their horns loudly in case anyone should miss the fact that their man has at last secured the throne he has sacrificed so many lives for, and that he is here to stay. Papa Romeo is a flustered man. His humble establishment has never had to cope with such a large gathering of local and international customers, most eager to drown their sorrows. But there are some among the party who are more than a little relieved. Taylor would never have stood for defeat; a return to war was inevitable down that route. Some even say, in private company only, that the people of Liberia have voted wisely though they can never publically be credited for this fact. And there is still some hope left yet for Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf, who has managed to come in as a distant runner-up.
Across at the bar, in deep conversation with what appears to be a most striking prostitute, is the new man from the Embassy. Spat finds herself wondering what age he is as she watches him from her stone bench at a distance. He is a quieter sort than Stan, more gentlemanly in his manner, less cloak-and-dagger. Perhaps she will get to know him better, she thinks, for the good of her organisation. He is not bad looking either, she notes, while acknowledging stoically that beauty is ever in the eye of the beholder.
Dexter, sitting beside her, is looking in another direction through the various bodies, standing around in lively conversation, at the flustered Maurice returning from the bar with fresh drinks. The German Red Cross lady, Helena, is following him, holding on to his arm for support. He thrusts her off on more than one occasion, before turning to address her with what Dexter supposes to be harsh words. They have their effect. She staggers off in search of someone else, seemingly none the worse for his rebuke.
Maurice places the drinks on the table and calls out to Manny who is scampering in panicked circles from one request to another, ensuring that all the receipts are accounted for. Eventually Maurice gets his attention, having to strain his voice to make his order of three plates of chicken skewers. Tonight, being one of Maurice’s last in Monrovia, is all on him, and he is careful to line his stomach in preparation for a good evening.
There is a band setting up in the corner of the beer garden. The drummer is busy assembling his hubcaps and empty oilcans with exact precision. They will play well tonight, mixing modern jazz with sweet Liberian melodies that their ancestors were taught to sing in bush schools, generations before them, their lyrics recounting stories of courage largely against greater odds. And behind them the smoke and scent of barbequed rotten fish and spicy chicken rises, whetting the appetites of all.
‘Where’s Freda tonight anyway?’ Spat shouts to Dexter above the noise.
‘Tubmanburg. Gone to visit her sister-in-law.’
‘And Camilla?’
‘I got the Mission to agree to help out. At least until her mum improves. Seems Freda’s brother left some cash before he bolted. Larry and Cormac got word and are keen to be ever so accommodating!’
‘Typical!’ she says laughing.
Maurice and Dexter are both surprised and pleased that Spat has chosen to join them for a drink. They were expecting her to make some excuse or other as usual. But not today. Today she has spent an inordinate length of time in the bathroom doing herself up. And she looks well for it too, Maurice thinks, though is careful not to draw too much attention to this fact.
‘Hey, Pat,’ Maurice says, leaning in. ‘How’s about a duet later? For old time’s sake!’
She cocks her eyes to heaven.
‘Who’s the new Embassy man?’ Dexter wants to know, watching Ciatta Connah work her irresistible charms on him. He cannot suppress the fact that he feels ever-so-slightly envious.
‘Richard something or other,’ she says.
‘Pretty tall, isn’t he?’ Dexter notes.
‘Tall Richard! Big Dick!’ Maurice adds. ‘Unlike the rest of them so.’
Dexter snorts beer out of his nostrils. Even Spat manages a half smile.
‘Oh, Dexter, I nearly forgot,’ he says, suddenly enthused. ‘I got Kate on satellite phone earlier. She wants to know if you’ve shaved that hairy ass of yours yet?’
‘Oh, very funny! Why don’t you tell her to go hang herself from the nearest branch,’ he says, reddening a little.
A loud round of applause erupts as the band strikes up its first song of the night, a lively one to get the party going. Maurice sits back with his beer in hand, watching his colleagues in pleasant silence, feeling proud to be associated with such people, true everyday heroes working in the darkest places on earth, all still believing that some good exists in the world to make up for all the wrong. Soon Maurice will be back with Jarka in Prague, waiting impatiently for his next assignment, wherever that will take him. But for the time being it does not concern him. All he hopes is that their paths will cross again somewhere down the road, when the circus gathers in some other godforsaken place.
A truck passes by on United Nations Drive, full of soldiers whistling and clicking. A momentary lull descends on Papa Romeo bar, but soon the conversation returns to its energetic norm. Where they are going, nobody knows, and nobody dares to ask.
‘A toast,’ Maurice roars to his two colleagues over the noise, and lifts his glass. ‘To the best goddamn team in the business!’
They clink their glasses and take a drink.
‘To friendship!’ Spat says, looking at them both and smiling. ‘And to the future!’
They clink again.
‘And to the missionaries, mercenaries and misfits of this godforsaken place!’ Dexter declares.
‘Hey, that’s kind of good, Dexter: the misfits of Monrovia! I like it,’ he says, holding up his glass, as if examining it for blemishes. ‘It might even make a half-decent name for a book one of these days,’ he adds, with his inimitable, cheeky wink.


***


About the Author


Paul Reidy was born in Dublin, Ireland. He currently works as a teacher of English literature and classical studies at St Andrew's College. From 1996 to 1999 he worked for an aid organization in various parts of Africa. He is married with three children and lives in Co. Wicklow, Ireland. He has had various short stories and poems published over the years, and The Misfits of Monrovia is his first novel. 


Smashwords homepage: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/jacqueselliot
Twitter: https://twitter.com/reidy2011
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/paul.reidy.1042
Author's education blog: http://reidynotes.weebly.com

