BLOOD CANDY
a novel

by
Matthew Tomasetti
&
Brian Casimiro

Copyright © 2011 Matthew Tomasetti and Brian Casimiro
Smashwords Edition
Cover Art by Rodolfo Reyes
http://rodolforever.deviantart.com
All rights reserved.

THE FANGS DEEP SERIES
Blood Candy
Blood Slave
Blood Dreams

This is a work of fiction. The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the authors.

No part of this book may be transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the authors, except for the case of brief quotations embodied in reviews.

Table of Contents

One  |  Two  |  Three  |  Four  |  Five  |  Six  |  Seven  |  Eight  |  Nine  |  Ten  |  Eleven  |  Twelve  |  Thirteen  |  Fourteen  |  Fifteen  |  Sixteen  |  Seventeen  |  Eighteen  |  Nineteen  |  Twenty  |  Twenty-One  |  Twenty-Two  |  Twenty-Three  |  Twenty-Four
Blood Slave: Chapter One

Chapter One

Candy Shuler fidgeted with her little red dress to make sure it adequately revealed the proper amount of cleavage. Should everything go according to plan, the doorman inside the bar wouldn’t scrutinize her fake ID if he was too busy concentrating on her proportions instead. She had already struck out with the gatekeepers of alcoholic misadventures twice tonight, and she was determined to make the third time a charm.
The doorman eyed her as soon as she walked in through the door. His arms bulged against a shirt that was far too small on him, showing off all of his proportions. Judging by the unwavering expression on his face, he wasn’t the type to be taken for a fool. Candy decided to put faith in the blue-eyed appeal men couldn’t resist and stepped up to the gatekeeper.
“Identification,” he said in a somber voice.
Candy made sure to squeeze her goods together when she leaned down to dig around in her handbag. One of the doorman’s brows perked up and when he took her ID he barely glanced at it. That was good, because she only marginally resembled the woman in the photograph.
The gatekeeper gave Candy a pleasant smile and indicated with a nod of his head for her to go on in. Easy as pie, she thought to herself. Now to find an easy target with an open wallet. It was already one in the morning and the night wasn’t getting any younger.
It didn’t take long to see the place was nearly dead, which meant she might end up spending more of her own money than she’d like. There were only two people sitting at the bar, one of them a middle aged man with a short growth of graying beard hunched over a pint. Since Candy smelled him halfway across the room, she decided to try her luck with option number two instead. He was one of those guys who thought he was a badass biker. He was also old enough to be her father, but she had stooped as low to get free drinks before. Most “bikers” were posers anyway, even the older ones.
Candy plopped her handbag on the counter next to him and then tossed her blonde hair to grab his attention. When he turned his beady eyes to her, she got a good look at all of the atrocious gear he was wearing; a typical jacket covered in patches along with frayed jeans tucked into leather boots. He was even wearing a blue dew rag. What a tool.
“Slow night,” she said. “I like your jacket.”
The biker grinned, revealing a gum line devoid of far too many teeth. The lack of incisors combined with his crooked nose suggested he had been on the losing end of a few fights. He called for the bartender to bring another round of beer. Apparently, he didn’t care for small talk or introductions.
“What’s your name?” Candy asked him.
The toothless man took a swig of beer and then said in a rusty voice, “Stanley.”
“That’s my cousin’s name. He has a Yamaha.”
The biker’s expression went lifeless. Candy wasn’t sure why, but when the bartender set two beers on the counter, Stanley snagged them both with one hand and then walked away. She was left wondering why she bothered in the first place.
“Let the fun begin,” she sighed. “Stupid hicks.”
The best way Candy had found to celebrate freedom after four long years of oppressive private school was in a state of inebriated bliss. This also had the wonderful side effect of making home life more sufferable. In small-town Massachusetts, that meant a night out trying to sneak into an establishment that carded up front. So far tonight, nothing was panning out.
Candy never thought she’d end up missing school this much. Not that school had been difficult for the girl with blonde hair, blue eyes, and a smoking hot body. Those attributes alone guaranteed her scholarly success. All it took was some well placed flirting, while female teachers were easily endeared with the Catholic good-girl image she had been raised to uphold.
For girls like Candy, school had always been something tolerated more than enjoyed. But she missed her friends. She missed the cute guys who had all of their teeth. Most of all, she missed the time away from her mother who lived out here in the middle of nowhere.
The bartender put another pint in front of the guy at the other end of the bar and then headed her way. “Can I get you something?” he asked her.
Candy glanced at the man with the scruffy beard at the opposite end of the bar. The smell more than the sight of him was enough to have her call it a night. “Surprise me,” she told the bartender. “Make whatever it is a double.”
The bartender went to work on her drink. He was fairly cute, but bartenders were in the business of making tips and Candy found them extremely resilient to advances that would lead to free drinks. She was considering the possibilities when someone took the seat next to her and spoke in a grating British accent that had her cringing.
“Can I buy you a drink, love?”
When Candy turned, she had to do a double take. At first she glimpsed one of the biggest dorks she had ever seen wearing a white silk shirt straight out of the ancient and best forgotten era of the seventies, buttoned only halfway up to reveal a chest nearly as white. And then upon second glance, she saw the sexiest man she had ever laid eyes on. The warning centers in her brain cautioned that only date rapists dress this badly, but the synapses fired off uselessly, leaving her unable to see anything beyond his charming smile. 
“What’s your name, love?” he asked her. “I’m Rupert.”
For some inexplicable reason, Candy found his goofy accent fascinating. She had the urge to laugh at him, at least in her mind, but she couldn’t say anything at all. When he smiled, a flash of exhilaration jumbled her thoughts.
“Candy,” she managed to whisper.
“Delightful,” he said with a wink. “I like to put candy in my mouth.”
Candy flushed, throwing common sense and conventional wisdom at such a terrible line right out the window. She hardly noticed the drink the bartender put in front of her. Rupert, with his perfectly mussed brown hair was, without a doubt, the most gorgeous man she had ever seen. He slid the drink closer. Candy fumbled for it, not wanting to take her eyes away from him. Then she downed it in a few throat-burning gulps. Rupert called for another.
“Come here often?” he said. The cadence of his terrible accent was simultaneously arousing and repulsive.
“Sometimes,” Candy answered.
“I’m certain I’d remember an angel like you. Why don’t I take you back to Heaven after we finish here?”
Somewhere within the cobwebs of her mind, her subconscious laughed at one of the worst lines it had ever heard. She found herself saying, “That would be awesome.”
Out of nowhere, the stale smell of body odor made Candy reel. The older man from the other end of the bar stood behind Rupert with an ill-favored look about him. He smelled so badly, she had to physically cover her mouth and nose to keep from retching.
“I think you should find another mark,” the hobo said. “This one’s a little young.”
Rupert only afforded the stranger a slight glance. “Piss off, wanker.”
“Can’t do that.” The older man turned grim and weathered eyes to Candy. “Let me get you a cab, young lady. You don’t belong here.”
Candy glanced at the smelly man, and then to the hand Rupert had extended out for her. When she took Rupert’s hand, the hobo growled and moved as if he meant to split them apart.
“Leave us alone,” Candy told him. “What’s wrong with you?”
“You heard the lady,” Rupert said. “Piss off before I put my foot up your arse.”
Rupert led her outside, even though her mind was screaming at her to stay in the bar. With his thick arms crossed over his chest, the doorman didn’t seem to notice their passing. Candy sort of wished he had. Didn’t he care that she was leaving with this loser?
Once they were outside, Candy had the freedom to let go of her nose and allow the fresh summer air to wash away the hobo’s scent. It also had her wondering why she was out there in the first place. A glance at Rupert reminded her.
“What a smelly old freak,” she said.
“Never mind him. Lot of riff-raff hereabouts,” Rupert said.
He led her across the parking lot towards a stand of trees where it was quieter, and also where the glow from a single streetlight didn’t penetrate into the dark brush. He glanced over his shoulder before stepping down into the grass. Candy was in heels, and aside from instincts telling her not to go down there, she couldn’t have managed the slight incline on her own. Rupert helped her along, intent with taking her on a stroll that way.
“My car is over there,” Candy felt obliged to say.
Rupert either didn’t hear what she said or didn’t care. He led her further into the trees. Candy didn’t really mind now that she thought about it. With both of her hands in his, she became vaguely aware of how odd his skin felt, as if he had been out in the cold too long; and how smooth, as if he had never put in a single day of labor in his life. It felt nice, a peculiar contrast to what she had always been used to.
“You ever done it in the woods?” he asked her. “In the tall grass or against a tree with the moon high above?”
Born to a highly religious mother whose ideals she could never escape, Candy had never done anything of the sort. She had to admit it sounded nice, like what she had secretly desired for a long time.
“You like the sound of that, Candy?”
She was lost in his eyes again. Her instincts and her mother’s ideals screamed no, but after peering into those eyes she said yes.
Rupert pressed her against a tree. How nice the probing tongue felt in her mouth; a long, caressing kiss done with expert care and so unlike that of the inexperienced schoolboys she had dated. Everything else became vague against the darkness as he wrapped her in the kiss, his mouth tasting pleasantly of mint.
“I promise this will be the best night of your life,” Rupert said, his tongue now in her ear.
Candy was convinced she hadn’t ever wanted anything more. She ran her hands over the toned skin beneath his open shirt. A thought occurred to her, a thought society had conditioned into her mind, a thought she had been waiting through countless worthless guys to say.
“Do you have protection?”
“What, like a jimmy coat?” Rupert laughed softly. “I assure we won’t need that.”
He pressed against her body again. She weaved one of her legs behind his as if she had some clue of what she meant to do. Teeth nibbled her ear, breath teased her skin. When he kissed her neck she sucked in a breath—it wasn’t supposed to happen like this, was it? Her heart threatened to pound through her chest.
A sudden flash of pain ignited in her neck. Candy gasped, wanting to scream. Instead, she took a handful of his hair, unsure if she meant to push him away or pull him in to keep the pain that felt so good from ending. Warmth filled her abdomen as their hearts beat together as one. With each hammer in her chest, the pain lanced further through her body. Candy didn’t have the energy to protest even if she wanted. Her body was on fire. Every muscle surrendered. Rupert pulled away and stared into her eyes, his lips and teeth gleaming red.
“Bloody hell, you taste good!”
His mouth was on hers again, briefly, their tongues dancing to the frenetic song of their beating hearts. He left behind a metallic taste in her mouth as he went back down to her neck. The surging pain began all over again.
Candy couldn’t think. She couldn’t move. She wanted to sleep, but she didn’t want this to end. Her back was against the soft ground, the grass was cool against her legs. Electric pain seared through her neck, through her chest, through every cell in her body. She wanted more; if only she could control this dream she drifted upon. Everything loomed out of reach in a dark haze. A harsh voice called out from the wilderness.
“I warned you, vampire. Leave now.”
A detestable British accent rang out into the night. “I told you to piss off! Think you can take me, yank? Let’s have a go.”
Candy watched through a mist, through uncontrollable eyes that didn’t seem her own. She wasn’t surprised when two wolves prowled from one drifting shadow to another. She wasn’t afraid of the predatory eyes gleaming against the moonlight. In her dream, it was all beautiful. The whole night had to be a dream. Fangs stained red flashed in the darkness—only a dream.
“You’ve overstepped your boundaries, vampire.”
The call of wolves seemed like something that should have been heard and feared from a distance rather than from such an uncomfortable closeness. Eyes and teeth streaked through the dark. Rupert’s panicked voice faded into the night.
The hobo from the bar stood over Candy. What an odd dream; he didn’t have on any clothes and his body was covered in black fur streaked with silver. His voice seemed to come from far away, not matching his position.
“How bad is it?”
Candy tried to move, to sit up, but she was exhausted. She hadn’t realized she was rubbing at the pain on her neck until she felt something slick and warm. The eyes of a wolf appeared at her feet.
“Are we in time?”
The wolf sniffed close to the hem of her dress and then nodded before bounding away. Candy looked at her hand. Blood. The world went black.

Chapter Two

Candy opened her eyes and grimaced. Her head hurt and she felt nauseous. And she didn’t know where she was.
For a moment, she thought someone was shaking her bed, but then she realized her bed didn’t smell like armpits and motor oil. She rubbed her eyes and tried to get her brain working properly. When she opened her eyes again, she was staring at the back of a car seat directly in front of her face.
“This is getting bad, Jimmy,” the man in the driver seat said. “Real bad.”
Candy recognized the voice as the hobo from the bar. She didn’t dare move; the smelly, old pervert kidnapped her. Her friends had warned her of this day. “The games you play are going to catch up to you one day, Candy. It’s dangerous to dangle a piece of meat in front of a starving man and then snatch it away.”
“What do you think we should do?” said the other man, presumably Jimmy, who was sitting in the passenger seat.
Candy took a chance and lifted her head to get a look at where she was. It was dark outside, but she could tell they were on the interstate. Unable to think, and just when she needed to the most, she closed her eyes and took deep breaths to stave off panic.
“I don’t know,” said the driver. “I’ve never seen one of them act like that before. He looked insane, like he had lost his mind. It took all three of us to scare him away.”
Memories of what happened came flooding back. Candy blanched at the thought of Rupert and she mentally berated herself. He had been without a doubt one of the biggest dorks she had ever met and hearing his accent in her mind reminded her of nails on a chalkboard. She didn’t think she could ever forgive herself for leaving the bar with someone like him. Even his name made her cringe.
Hadn’t the smelly old hobo called him a vampire? She hoped she hadn’t gotten herself mixed up with freaks pretending to be vampires.
Then she remembered the wolves, which had seemed so real. She didn’t know what was going on. She had almost done improper things with the world’s biggest, poorly dressed loser and then a hobo kidnapped her. She didn’t want to think about wolves and . . . vampires.
“Can’t we get help from the council? I don’t see any other choice,” Jimmy said.
“Maybe,” the driver said. He added more grimly, and more to himself, “The world would be a better place without vampires, that’s for sure.”
There he went talking about vampires again. Candy wasn’t sure which aspect of the current situation terrified her most. They all did equally, she supposed. A knot grew in her chest, threatening to send her into tears. She should have listened to her friends. She should have listened to her mother.
Jimmy peeked around his seat. Candy snapped her eyes shut. From the brief glance of his profile, he looked much younger than the hobo, perhaps her own age. She wasn’t sure if it mattered that they weren’t both old and creepy.
Taking in a deep and calming breath was all she could do to keep from freaking out. She had to remain patient for an opportunity to escape. She refused to be this summer’s missing girl. She had to concentrate to keep from imagining the image of her most recent picture plastered over every news channel across the country; her mother crying in front of the cameras as if she cared.
“It’s a shame,” Jimmy said.
“What?”
“She looks so innocent. She didn’t deserve this. It’s a good thing you were there, Tinch.”
“No, she didn’t deserve this,” Tinch agreed. “No one does, especially not a young woman. It boils my blood.”
“How long has she been out?”
“A few hours. That vampire bite did a real number on her. Maybe we should wake her up.”
Candy slowly put her hand to her neck and felt several band aids. Holy Mother of God, this was it. No more games. She had finally attracted the worst of the worst. Her mother was right: If she didn’t stop flaunting her goods, if she didn’t cover up the little tramp stamp on the small of her back (what a mistake that had been), then she would eventually attract the sadists and the sinners.
“I’m starving,” Jimmy said. “Can we stop somewhere?”
Tinch slowed the car down and took them onto an exit ramp. They must have pulled into a town because the world lit up in an incandescent glow beyond the car windows. Candy wondered where the perverts were taking her as she lifted her head to look. There was a gas station, and a diner Tinch pulled the car into.
“She’s awake,” Jimmy said.
That was the trigger sending Candy into panic mode. She bolted upright and tried for the door. It wouldn’t budge. The interior lock had been broken off or filed down. She beat on the window, screaming at the top of her lungs. The car was old enough to have a window roller so she started pumping it. The window went down at an odd angle, one side faster than the other, and then it jammed. It was low enough for her screams to escape.
She screamed for her life.
Tinch muttered beneath his breath and Jimmy came halfway into the back seat, his face full of as much shock as her own. Candy freaked out even more, not bothering to pause for a breath. She expected Jimmy to cover her mouth, but he didn’t.
“There’s no need to yell!” he said, wide eyed. “You don’t need to be afraid of us.”
Candy continued screaming anyway. She didn’t know what else to do. Tinch rolled the car through the parking lot and then sped up towards the road. Candy rammed her shoulder into the door, trying to keep as much distance between herself and Jimmy as possible.
“Listen!” Jimmy was trying to say over her screams. “We want to help you. We saved you!”
Candy took in a deep breath and stopped screaming long enough to stare at him. He was definitely her age, and he looked familiar. She stared at him for a moment while she tried to catch her breath. She was sure she had seen his face before.
“Calm down,” he said with his hands held up. “We only want to help you. Are you hungry?”
“No I’m not fucking hungry! Let me out of the car!”
Jimmy turned his head to Tinch and said, “I think she’s fine now. Maybe we should let her go here because she’s not going to cooperate.”
Tinch pulled back into the parking lot.
“That’s up to her,” he said. He parked in one of the spaces farthest from the diner, snatched the keys out of the ignition and turned in his seat as much as he could to face Candy. “You want us to drop you off here?”
Candy couldn’t believe it. She wondered why they bothered bringing her all the way out here, wherever here was, in the first place. She nodded vigorously.
“Okay,” Tinch said. “Me and Jimmy are going to grab a bite to eat. You’re more than welcome to join us.”
Jimmy pushed himself back into the passenger seat to get out of the car and then he used a key to unlock the back door for Candy. She stood there for a moment, unsure what to do. She noticed her handbag on the back floorboard and grabbed it. She couldn’t recall if she had left the bar with it, but she was pretty sure she hadn’t. With her handbag in hand she was ready to make a run for it. That seemed the most natural course of action. She didn’t need to. Tinch and Jimmy sauntered over to the diner entrance.
Candy dug out her cell phone and pressed down the button to turn it on. The low battery display came up and it shut itself back off. She cursed, having no idea where she was. She dug around in her handbag again for her wallet and noticed Jimmy standing at the door, holding it open and looking back at her. He stepped into the diner and let the door close.
Candy opened up her wallet to find all of her money gone.
“Shit!”
She could cross a dark field to the gas station, but she figured there must be a phone in the diner. She hurried inside and saw the two jerks that had brought her out here sitting at a window booth. She ignored them. There wasn’t anyone else inside she could see other than a waitress behind the pickup window in the kitchen. Candy marched over to the counter and tried to wait as patiently as possible.
“Care to join us?” Jimmy asked her.
Candy turned to glare at him. That should have been answer enough. The waitress pushed through a door from the kitchen and made her way to Jimmy and Tinch’s table. Candy tried to catch her attention.
“Can I use your phone?”
The waitress walked on by as if Candy hadn’t said anything, pulling an order pad out of the pouch on her apron. Candy waited at the counter, but they were taking a ridiculously long time. She went over to the waitress with the intention of giving her a firm tap on the shoulder.
“I don’t like onions,” Jimmy was saying. “You sure you can make it without onions?”
“No onions,” the waitress said in a bored tone. She didn’t bother to write it down.
“Does it have peppers?” Jimmy said.
The waitress didn’t say anything. Tinch glared across the table at the younger man.
“It doesn’t say it has peppers,” Jimmy went on, “but I got the breakfast skillet once at this other place and it had peppers. Can you make sure it has no peppers?”
“No peppers,” said the waitress.
“Do you fry the potatoes on the grill or in one of those grease baskets?”
The waitress stared with blank eyes.
“Jesus Christ!” Tinch roared. “Would you hurry up already?”
“Fine,” Jimmy said. The waitress snatched the menus, apparently unconcerned if her picky customer had given his full order.
Candy tapped the waitress on the shoulder as she walked away. “Can I use your phone?”
When the waitress turned, Candy got a good look at her deplorable state. Her eyes were bloodshot, her face sagging, and her mousy brown hair jutted out in all directions from beneath a visor. She looked like a woman who didn’t care about her miserable existence anymore.
“The phone?” the waitress said, looking the younger woman up and down. One of her brows went up when she saw the high cut on Candy’s dress, and then the other when she saw breasts nearly popping out of the top. “Five dollars to use the phone.”
“Five dollars? That’s ridiculous!”
The waitress shrugged and continued on her way. Candy turned to see Jimmy and Tinch jerk their heads away from her. She sighed and went over to their table.
“Can I borrow five dollars?”
“Borrow?” said Tinch. “When would you pay it back?”
Candy looked at Jimmy who shrugged and said, “I don’t have five dollars.”
“You have to be kidding me. You two assholes dragged me out here!”
“Assholes?” Tinch said. “Do me a favor and try your hardest to remember what happened a few hours ago. Remember that guy you left the bar with? You know the one, he was about to do bad things to you until I came along. You may want to be more vigilant in which strangers you take a midnight stroll with through the woods.”
Candy felt the band aids on her neck again. A slow realization she already knew at least in some small part settled over her. This Tinch guy had saved her from. . . . No, he was only a weird, British dweeb.
“Calm down, Tinch.” Jimmy turned his brown eyes to Candy. “Why don’t you join us and we can figure everything out?”
Tinch snorted. 
“What?” Jimmy said.
Tinch looked at Candy; at the revealing nature of her dress, her blonde hair, the red lipstick, and all of the eyeliner. He shook his head.
“Whatever.” Jimmy rolled his eyes.
Candy ignored the insinuation of why Jimmy was so interested in her and she reluctantly approached the side of the booth where the younger man was sitting. “Scoot over,” she said.
Surprised, Jimmy made room. His face flushed as she pushed in next to him. Candy put her bag on the table and waved her wallet in front of Tinch.
“Where’s my money?”
Tinch narrowed his eyes. “How should I know?”
“God! That was all of the graduation money I had left.”
“Listen, little lady.” Tinch focused his hard, cold eyes on her. “Missing money is the least of your concerns. Do you have any idea who you left that bar with? I’m guessing you do now.”
“No, actually I don’t.”
“You’re probably better off that way.”
“He wasn’t a vampire,” Candy said rather unconvincingly.
“Believe what you want.”
Candy turned to Jimmy. He tried to play off his attempts to get a peep down the top of her dress, though he otherwise seemed as serious as Tinch.
“Vampires aren’t real,” she said, even as the skin beneath the band aids on her neck itched.
“It looked real when he was sucking on your neck,” Tinch said.
Candy remembered Rupert’s embrace. She remembered the pain that had lanced down through her neck and the fire from everywhere else in her body. She blushed, remembering how good it felt. But he hadn’t done anything. He hadn’t done anything other than. . . .
He bit me!
Candy recalled the odd way she had been attracted to him even though she could now clearly remember how unattractive and off-putting he had actually been. It didn’t make sense. Everything about him was repulsive. Something connected in her mind.
“Oh my God,” she said. “His accent was terrible.”
“Yup.” Tinch nodded his head. “No guy can pick up a girl with an accent like that. It sounds like a bear having its way with a goat. Only a vampire can pull the wool over a woman’s eyes like that.”
Candy got up and headed to the bathroom. Jimmy asked where she was going, but her mind was racing and she didn’t pay any attention. She stood in front of a grimy mirror and took a hard look at herself. Her fingers touched the bandages on her neck.
She thought she might be sick if she looked beneath.
“Vampires,” she mumbled to herself.
She peeled off the end of all three band aids. Slowly, one at a time, revealing two red punctures. She dropped her head. It couldn’t be. When she touched a finger to the wound, her breath caught in her chest as a spark of pleasure ignited within her.
“What the . . . ?”
She never considered herself smart, but she wasn’t stupid. The math written in her reflection on the mirror was simple enough: Two puncture wounds plus one poorly dressed loser plus her strange behavior equals . . .
“Vampires are real.”

Chapter Three

Candy tore into her second plate of scrambled eggs, hash browns and sausages. It tasted terrible, but she was positively ravenous. Bitter coffee washed it all down, a taste she had never really became accustomed to but needed now.
Tinch attributed her appetite to the blood she had lost. She was still silently berating herself for what she had done at the bar. Every time she thought about it she remembered the bite more than anything else, and that damned bite felt good. Thinking about it made her uncomfortable, considering her current company.
“So, are you two like a father-son vampire hunting team or something?” she said.
Tinch pulled his dark eyes away from his plate to look up at her. “No, on both counts.”
Candy glanced at each of them. She still wasn’t sure she believed this nonsense about Rupert being a vampire, but it didn’t add up any other way. It didn’t make sense that she left the bar with such a loser.
“So what’s your deal?” Candy said when neither of them offered up any information. “What are you if not vampire hunters?”
“Never mind that,” Tinch said. “I happened to be in the right place at the right time. Consider yourself extremely lucky.”
Jimmy had been quiet for the most part since Candy returned from the bathroom. It was obvious she turned him on; the signs were everywhere, most noticeably the fidgeting he did to get a better position to look at her. Too bad he was so shy; he was cute in a skinny, boy-becoming-man kind of way. She figured with some time and hard work she could take the shy boy out of him and turn him into something a woman might want, but those kinds of projects were a waste of time and only ever worked in movies.
Tinch picked up the tab, throwing a twenty onto the table and a five for the tip. He eyed Candy for a moment and then he gave Jimmy a worried glance.
“It’s nearly five in the morning,” he said, looking like he was running on coffee fumes. “We need to get home, Jimmy.”
Candy didn’t know what to say. She felt out of place, unwanted by at least one of them, but the last thing she wanted was to go home. Jimmy gave her a comforting smile. 
“Where do you live?” he asked her. At Tinch’s clear look of displeasure, he sighed and went on, “What do you expect her to do, Tinch? She needs to get home.”
“I don’t know,” Tinch said with a touch of both regret and sympathy. “I’ve never had to do this before.”
“You actually have. Just never with . . .” Jimmy cleared his throat as if he was saying something he shouldn’t. “You may as well get used to it with the way vampires are running around our territory.” He turned his brown eyes to Candy. “Sorry. We should have probably just taken you to a police station or something.”
Tinch shook his head and grumbled at the younger man’s lack of wisdom. “That’s the last thing we want to do. Exposure to people in any way brings nothing but trouble. Let’s just get her home.”
Candy fidgeted with her thumbs. Home was the last place she wanted to be and not only because she was scared out of her mind thinking vampires were real, but because she didn’t want to return to her mundane life in small-town nowhere.
“I don’t think I should go home,” she said. “Not after what I’ve seen—”
Tinch shook his head again. “You need to be with your family. You need to go back to your life and forget about everything that happened.”
“That’s not fair! You can’t tell me vampires are real and then send me on my way. ‘Oh, vampires are real, by the way. They snatch people up against their will.’ How’s that going to help me?”
She noticed the waitress staring at them from behind the counter. The bell above the diner door jingled. She heard the waitress say, “Hello there, handsome.”
“What do you think is going to happen?” Tinch said. “You can’t come with us, little lady. I’m not a babysitter. You need to go home.”
Behind Candy near the counter, someone spoke in a British accent that made the hair on the back of her neck stand on end. She froze as Tinch looked past her, his face shifting from the passive and relatively relaxed way it had been all night to fuming mad in an instant.
“Fancy running into you here,” Rupert said. “It’d be my pleasure to give the young lady a ride home. As a matter of fact, I insist.”
Tinch ground his teeth and a low growl rumbled in his chest. Jimmy turned and pushed himself up onto one knee so he could see over the high backrest, and then he grabbed Candy and physically switched places with her so she was next to the window. Snarling, Tinch stood up with clenched fists. He was a hard man, his tensed arms steely corded bundles of muscle etched with dark ink tattoos. The hatred on his voice when he spoke was palpable.
“You’re one stupid bastard. This is lupine country.”
“I think not,” said the British man, grinning widely. Leaning against the counter, he winked at the waitress, who blushed and then stared hatred at Tinch. A greasy cook came out of the kitchen with a meat cleaver gripped in one thick hand.
“You wolves have been wanking around so much you haven’t bothered to notice what’s right in front of your snouts,” Rupert said.
“Glamoured,” Tinch growled, his eyes moving between the waitress and the cook—more specifically, to the cleaver. “I’m going to break your scrawny, English neck.”
Candy dared to prop herself up on the seat so she could sneak a peek. Rupert was still wearing the disco-era clothes. His eyes flashed to her, accompanied with a creepy smile. The wound on her neck throbbed.
Rupert turned to the waitress and said, “Need a fix, beautiful?”
The waitress nodded, crossing her hands over her heart like a love struck girl, offering up one of her wrists. Rupert grabbed her arm and tugged so violently she came halfway over the counter. Her mouth hung open and her head lolled back in anticipation.
“That’s my lovely, loyal girl,” Rupert said. His eyes lingered on Tinch while he licked her wrist. “You’d do anything for me, wouldn’t you? She’d kill for me. She’d kill to have one more bite.”
The waitress gasped and begged.
“Bastard,” Tinch grumbled beneath his breath. “You fucked with the wrong wolf.” But he didn’t make a move, seemingly conflicted with the situation, with the waitress and the cook. He projected his voice towards Jimmy without taking his eyes away from the threats. “Get Candy out of here.”
Rupert tisked and wagged a finger. “Hand the girl over and no one need get hurt.”
The waitress screamed out in pain when he twisted her wrist. She then immediately begged for the bite. A sudden and uncontrollable pang of jealousy blindsided Candy.
“Old boy with the cleaver there is itching for some action,” Rupert said with a nod of his head at the cook. “You going to kill him to get to me, mutt? You going to kill this woman?”
Jimmy took Candy by the hand and tried to get her to the aisle.
“Stay close to me,” he said.
Candy stayed behind him, right at his back so she wouldn’t have to see Rupert as they edged down the aisle towards the door. She had the presence of mind to grab her handbag off the table. Rupert made a clucking sound with his tongue, the waitress moaned and begged even more. Candy screamed when a tall man crashed through a window, landing a few feet up the aisle in a crouch which cut her and Jimmy off from the exit. He was dressed in the same outdated clothes as Rupert and his black hair sparkled with glass. His dark eyes were wide and crazed, and Candy could see two menacing fangs behind his lips.
“Nice entrance, Vivian,” Rupert said. “Willing to cooperate now? Last offer.”
Vivian chomped his teeth and barked like a dog. He said near unintelligibly and in an accent far worse than Rupert’s, “Yeh din’ say she’s so fawkin’ ’awt!”
Jimmy put himself in front of Candy to shield her from the two vampires. Tinch hurried forward in an attempt to direct their attention to him.
“Get her to the car!”
“Wrong choice,” Rupert said, nodding to Vivian. “Kill them both. Make it painful.”
Candy didn’t see what happened next. Jimmy went sprawling over the table, knocking her back into one of the booths. Rupert’s eyes grew wide and he ran his tongue over his fangs when he got a look up her dress. He let go of the waitress and started towards her. The wound on her neck throbbed, both tempting and terrifying.
Tinch came out of nowhere and punched Rupert so hard Candy flinched from the sickening crack of bare knuckles on bone. Rupert fell back a single step and then his hand went up to his jaw. His wild eyes remained on Candy.
“Get her out of here!” Tinch yelled. “I have to shift!”
Jimmy grabbed Candy and pulled her through the broken window. She saw Tinch move inside and then she lost sight of him behind the brick wall between the windows. Jimmy held her beneath her arms, trying to get her to move, to run across the parking lot. She looked back. A black wolf streaked with gray fur lunged forward and tore Vivian’s arm.
“Holy shit! He’s a wolf!”
Jimmy wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her along.
“Come on! Run to the car!”
Candy didn’t think. She turned and ran, trying to keep pace while screams mixed with vicious snarls filled the diner. She lost her heels somewhere along the way and the abrasive pavement tore her feet. They reached the rusted Pinto and scrambled into it. As Jimmy struggled to get the car started, she glanced back at the diner. Blood dripped from the counter. The waitress wasn’t there anymore. The black wolf jumped through the broken window with Vivian and his bloodied arm in pursuit. They disappeared across a dark field.
Jimmy hit the gas and peeled the Pinto out onto the road.
“What the fuck?” Candy shouted. “He’s a werewolf!”
“Stop yelling!”
“He’s a fucking werewolf!”
“I know!”
Rupert dashed out onto the road in front of the Pinto. Candy screamed like only a terrified girl could. So did Jimmy. A black wolf pounced on Rupert knocking him off the road. Candy’s scream reached an ear shattering pitch as the car barreled towards them. Jimmy swerved in the opposite direction, ramming into Vivian.
Jimmy jerked on the steering wheel again. “Fuck!”
Vivian hit the hood, rolled up the windshield and over the car. Jimmy checked his rearview and Candy looked back to see the vampire skipping along the pavement like a ragdoll. Maybe they killed him.
They both struggled to catch their breath. Jimmy took the ramp to the interstate so fast Candy slammed against the door. He pushed the petal all the way to the floor and the Pinto revved in protest, the engine struggling until the gears caught up.
“Put your seatbelt on,” he said.
Candy did as she was told. Then she gawked at him, her wide eyes halfway between fear and wild excitement. Her pounding heart sent waves of exhilaration throughout her body.
“This is insane,” she said. “This is awesome!”
Jimmy looked at her as if she might actually be insane, and then he smiled. When his attention lingered on her a little too long she warned that he should watch the road or slow down.
“Sorry,” he said.
“Are . . . ?” Candy started, but she had to catch her breath. “Are you one too?”
“Yeah,” he said. Candy laughed, not believing it. Her reaction made him grin. “Yeah, I’m a lycanthrope.”
“A what?”
“It pretty much means the same thing.”
“Oh my God. My heart is pounding.” She noticed Jimmy’s hands shaking on the steering wheel. She put her hand on his shoulder. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine. I’ve just never seen two of them at once before and never like that. You know, ready to fight and all. They usually stay away from us.”
“I can’t believe he turned into a wolf.”
She held Jimmy in her gaze, imagining him as a wolf. He pushed the old car close to eighty miles per hour. After ten minutes he slowed down and took an exit onto a country highway. Not long later he pulled into an isolated motel.
“Why are we here?” Candy said.
“This is the closest safe house, a place we can go in an emergency. Tinch will meet up with us here and we can try to get in touch with the others.”
He parked in front of room fifteen, told Candy to stay in the car, and then he went to the front office. A few minutes later he returned with a key and motioned her to come out. Once she had run over to his side, he opened the door, shut and locked it behind them, and then flipped on the light switch.
Jimmy closed the curtains on the two windows. The room was small, containing little more than a single size bed, an old television, and a nightstand with a telephone. The bathroom at the back had a shower that barely looked big enough for half a person. He sat on the edge of the bed and huffed out a sigh of relief while running his fingers through his thick hair.
“So what now? We just wait?” Candy said.
“Yes.”
“What if Tinch is in trouble? Should you call someone?”
“If there was anyone to call. If he doesn’t show up in about an hour we’ll need to move on.” He seemed confident Tinch would be fine against the two vampires.
Candy watched him for a moment, gazing into his brown eyes while her heart wound down from all of the excitement. He was attractive in his own way, and he was a werewolf. She had never felt this alive in her life. Jimmy gazed up at her, looking somewhere between lost and like a kid presented with the toy he had wanted all of his life. Now she understood those scenes in movies—the adrenaline combined with the excitement, her pounding heart and his handsome features. She reached down and grabbed hold of his shirt, pulling him up off the bed. He offered no resistance. Candy locked her lips onto his while he stood there awkwardly with his hands hanging down at his sides. His mouth had to be pried open with her tongue to get in there.
Candy wasn’t sure how much kissing experience he had; he was certainly no good at it. But it was still right up there with some of the best kisses she had ever experienced once his tongue joined in with hers. Excitement and adrenaline made a world of difference.
Finally, his hands went to her hips. She wrapped her arms around his neck and let her weight push him down onto the bed. He groaned when she landed on top of him and Candy laughed before going back in for another kiss. He wasn’t a terrible kisser now that he was warmed up, she supposed, and he had become more brazen with his hands.
“I can’t believe you’re a werewolf,” she whispered near his ear.
“Uh,” he said. “A lycan—”
“Whatever.”
Candy ran her hand beneath his shirt. His chest was boney, undefined, but she didn’t care. His bravery increased even more; he put a hand behind her head and pulled her mouth to his.
The door sprang open and Tinch roared, “Jesus, Jimmy!”

Chapter Four

Candy sat on the end of the bed with her face glowing red while Jimmy lingered near the bathroom door with his eyes on the floor. Tinch had used the phone and now waited impatiently for a return call. No one had said a word to each other since he came in. The sky outside had long ago changed from twilight to the full glow of the morning sun. Candy was so tired she wanted to curl up and fall asleep. All of the night’s excitement and adrenaline had been quickly replaced with exhaustion.
“Nothing happened,” Jimmy said.
“I’m not judging you,” Tinch said, looking more worried than upset. He had on a pair of jeans and a flannel shirt he hadn’t been wearing before. He also didn’t reek anymore, instead smelling like he had been dunked in a barrel of cologne.
“Hell, I remember what it was like at your age,” Tinch went on. “But what if I had been someone else, like Rupert? Times like these a man needs to be thinking with his right head.”
Candy glared at him and thought about telling him to mind his own business, but when he met her gaze she decided it would be best to join Jimmy in staring at the floor. The phone rang and Tinch snatched it up. He was quiet for a moment while he listened to whoever was on the other end.
“We have a problem here,” he said. “No, a real problem.” He listened for a few seconds. “Listen, if you were up to your neck in shit like we are you wouldn’t be questioning me.” He listened again, his face growing grimmer. “I understand.”
Tinch put the phone on the receiver and then stared at the wall.
“What’s the word?” Jimmy asked him.
Tinch rubbed the scruff on his neck and then went to pace near the door. “The same as always. I’ll have to persuade the council in person.”
Jimmy cursed. Candy didn’t know what was going on. The tense mood in the room infected her, pitching her voice into a worried squeal.
“What’s that mean? What’s going on?”
Judging by the agitated look on Tinch’s face, she thought he might say what she dreaded most. She repeated it in her head over and over again—I can’t go home!
“I need to go to the reservation in New York,” Tinch said. “Last night proved the vampires are moving on us and they’re not doing it because they’re bored. There’s nothing for them out here other than us.”
“But why? What about the treaty?” Jimmy said.
Tinch shrugged his shoulders. “Candy is in danger. I’ve never seen a vampire track someone down like that before. I’ve never seen them stirred up like this outside of the cities.”
“Why are they chasing us?” Candy said.
“They didn’t chase us to that diner,” Tinch said.
“What?” Candy looked to Jimmy. He didn’t seem to know either.
“Rupert’s after you. I don’t know why. Vampires do what they want nowadays and those Brits are the worst. I don’t know why he’s after you and I’ve never seen one act like that before. Did he tell you anything?”
Candy shook her head. She’d rather not think about what had happened between her and Rupert, but she did for Tinch. 
“Not anything I can remember,” she said. “He hit on me. . . .”
Tinch filled her in. “He glamoured you. You may have thought you wanted to leave with him, but he made you do it against your will. It’s one of the oldest vampire tricks and most effective on young minds.”
“Glamoured?” Candy remembered Tinch saying that at the diner. She remembered the way the waitress and cook had reacted to Rupert, as if they would do anything he told them to do. As if they loved him.
“No time for explanations right now,” Tinch said. 
A silent moment passed, during which time he brooded and rubbed the short growth of beard on his face. Candy closed her eyes for a second and nearly toppled asleep off the bed.
Tinch stood up and said, “Everyone to the car.”
“Where are we going?” Jimmy asked before Candy could.
“The Kennel. She needs a safe place to stay. I’ll drive first, Jimmy. I should be fine the whole way but if I start to nod off I’ll need you to take over.” He opened the door and looked around outside for a minute. Then he held the door open. Candy followed behind Jimmy.
“What’s the Kennel?” she said. It sounded strange, almost ominous. “Is that another safe house?”
“Kind of. There are more of us there.”
The thought of more werewolves didn’t exactly sit well with her. Sure, they were kind of awesome and had saved her life, but they were werewolves, and she had seen plenty of movies where werewolves ate people. She waited nervously for Jimmy to open the car door for her while Tinch started it up. She stuck her handbag down on the floorboard and then looked at her cell phone. There was a charger for it in the handbag with a lighter attachment, but she was too tired to worry about it. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes.

* * * * *

“It’s a beautiful day, love.”
Hand in hand, Rupert led Candy down a row of tall hedges trimmed into various life size forms; a horse and rider; an elephant; a couple connected at their outstretched hands. Candy had on a light pink summer dress with red bows weaved into the hems. Her feet were bare in the plush grass and the sun blazed directly overhead. A breeze from a pond in the distance cooled the sweat on her face and neck.
They walked past a fountain where water streamed down into a basin from the trumpets of white marble statues in the likeness of boys with little angel wings. “That’s very pretty,” Candy said. “Do you throw coins into it?”
“If you’d like,” Rupert said. “What would you wish for?”
“Oh, I don’t know.” There was so much she could wish for. One thing popped into her mind. “Maybe a big plate of pancakes. With lots of syrup.”
“That’s an odd wish.”
They paused at the edge of the fountain. The trickling water distorted the speckled brown stone at the bottom of the basin and the bodies of giant goldfish rippled with the surface of the pool above. An odd feeling passed over Candy when she looked into Rupert’s depthless eyes.
“This isn’t real, is it?”
“It’s real if you want it to be,” he said. His smile, meant to ease her, instead made her uncomfortable. “Why don’t you wish to forever be with me?”
Candy didn’t feel it would be proper to tell him that she thought he was a dork. He frowned and grabbed her wrist.
“Proper ladies don’t refuse men like me,” he said from behind clenched teeth. “You don’t want to go back to your drunken mother, do you? To that run down shack she calls a home? She’s the worst kind of hypocrite, your mother, always going on about the Lord and how your life needs saving when it’s she who brings a new man into her bed each month. That’s no life for a young lady such as yourself. This is where you belong.”
Rupert gestured to something behind Candy. She turned and shielded her eyes with one hand from the glare of the sun. A four story mansion stood on the other end of the yard with an expanse of tall trees in the distance. It almost didn’t look real, like something she would only see in a picture or painting, like a place a princess or starlet might live. It looked absolutely wonderful except for the shadows moving in the windows, pulsing as if they had life of their own.
Candy looked down at the long, blue dress embroidered with silver and gold she was now wearing. She smoothed out a crease and turned back to the vampire.
“How do you know about my mother?”
Rupert tapped her forehead. “It’s all in there. We’re connected now, you and I.”
“I think I know what I’d like to wish for.”
“Oh?” said Rupert with a satisfied smile.
“I want to be a wolf. I want to run through the woods with the wind in my face.”
The bright day suddenly darkened. Candy lifted her head to look at the sky. Ominous clouds rolled overhead. When she looked back at Rupert, he was glaring at her, baring his teeth and fangs. She took a step back and bumped into the fountain. Someone called her name off in the distance. Over and over Jimmy called out to her while darkness spread out from Rupert to consume everything.

* * * * *

“Candy!”
She shot up in the back seat of the Pinto.
“What!”
Jimmy backed away from the opened door. “We’re here.” He looked dead tired. “I thought you were in a coma for a second there.”
Candy got out of the Pinto and stretched. She had the oddest dream with goldfish and pancakes, or something like that—and with Rupert. She couldn’t remember everything. She only knew she hated it and she didn’t want to remember. Running a hand through her messy hair, she surveyed her surroundings. They were in a neighborhood in only God knew where and it looked to be mid-morning. She didn’t see Tinch anywhere. She grabbed her handbag and closed the car door.
“Where are we?”
“The Kennel.” Jimmy walked towards the center house in the cul-de-sac.
“Which is where?”
“Tinch didn’t think it would be a good idea to tell you.”
Candy kept her arms crossed in front of herself as Jimmy led her up the driveway of what appeared to be a rundown shack. As a matter of fact, all of the houses in the cul-de-sac were in the same derelict state. Gutters hung down from roofs, windows were broken, and what little paint remained barely clung to the wood. When Jimmy opened the door and stepped into the entrance, she couldn’t get her legs to move.
“Come on in,” he said, waiting at the threshold for her. “There’s nothing to worry about.”
“There’s everything to worry about. I’ve nearly been killed twice and I have no idea where I am.”
Tinch appeared behind Jimmy. “What’s wrong?” With a glance at Candy his question was answered—she looked like a frightened deer caught in the wolves den. “You can trust us, Candy.”
That was just it: Candy didn’t know if she could trust a werewolf, never mind a whole house full of them. She could maybe trust Jimmy because he was her age, but she couldn’t say the same about Tinch. She had seen him turn into a wolf—a huge wolf with teeth that could shred her to bits. Then again, he had gone out of his way to save her life. Twice.
She shook her head. Why be paranoid now? She didn’t know what to think anymore. Had they wanted to do something to her, they would have surely done it by now. It was irrational to think they had brought her there to cook and eat her.
Jimmy stepped out onto the porch. “We’re letting all of the cold air out. Come on inside and meet everyone.”
“Everyone?”
“Yeah. There’s Melvin and—” he paused when Candy looked as if she might turn and run away. “Felicia!” he said. “You’ll like her. She’s our age. Come in and you can meet her.”
Candy rubbed her aching temples, feeling more mixed up than she ever had in her life. She had wanted to go with Jimmy and now she was about to hyperventilate. She took a deep breath, swallowed her fear, and went into the house with him. There were stairs on her left as soon as she stepped in through the door and a kitchen on the right. She heard people talking down the hall ahead in hushed tones. A moment later, the light in the kitchen came on and Tinch walked in with a young man who was skinnier than Jimmy and a girl with long, golden-red hair and narrow green eyes. The girl seemed to be studying Candy as if she was an animal at the zoo.
“This is Felicia and Melvin,” Jimmy said. “This is Candy.” He went into the kitchen and leaned against a wobbly table. 
Tinch lingered at the back near an open entrance into a dining room. “Melvin is the leader of this outfit,” he said. “He’s smart and trustworthy.”
Candy thought Melvin certainly looked smart with his round glasses, spots of acne, short stature, and lack of muscle. All of that combined with a name like Melvin gave him the downright persona of the worst kind of nerd. She shook her head, not believing that was the first thought that came to mind.
“You’ll be safe here with them,” Tinch said.
“Wait, you’re leaving?” Candy said.
“Yes. I have to get to New York. While I’m away, everyone is to make Candy feel welcome.” He singled out Felicia with his eyes. “She’s our guest until we get everything figured out. Lay low, I shouldn’t be gone long. Stay here and don’t do anything until you hear back from me.”
Without another word or any acknowledgment from anyone, Tinch left the house. Felicia crossed her arms over her chest and glared at Jimmy. He didn’t seem to notice.
“It’s nice to meet you,” Melvin said in a voice much deeper than his frame should have allowed. He extended a hand out to Candy and she reluctantly shook it.
“Where the hell have you been?” Felicia asked Jimmy, still glaring at him.
“Did you miss the part about having to fight off vampires?” Jimmy said.
Felicia rolled her eyes and then turned her attention to Candy. “So what’s your deal?”
“I don’t have a deal.” Candy looked to Jimmy for help. “Do I?”
“Christ, Felicia,” Jimmy groaned. “We’ve had a rough night, okay? How about being pleasant for once.”
As if nothing had happened up to that point, Felicia beamed with a wide smile. “Okay.” She turned and went into another room through the dining room, calling back to them, “Let’s get started already.”
Melvin and Jimmy shared worried glances.
“It will take our minds off everything,” Melvin said. “Let’s play. There’s not much we can do until we hear back from Tinch.”
Candy followed them through the dining room and into what she thought was a living room, though there didn’t appear to be anything indicating normal people lived here. Two neglected recliners sat against the back wall, both straddling a couch in dire need of cleaning, or better yet a place in the dumpster. The walls were bare with the exception of random holes. Three guys she had never seen before sat at a table near a sliding glass door. Each of them appeared about the same age as Jimmy and Melvin.
“Everyone,” Melvin said. “This is Candy.”
One of the guys had short cut sandy hair and eyes set deep into a gaunt face. The first thing he did was look at her cleavage. His eyes bulged and then he hurriedly looked away. Felicia took a seat at the table across from him and Jimmy sat down on the same side near the sliding glass door. Melvin sat next to the sandy-haired guy.
One of the other guys stood up. He had thick brown hair beneath a blue baseball cap with a red B stitched on the front. “Hey, beautiful,” he said with a wink. “My name’s White Paul. Is it hot in here, or is it just you?”
Felicia rolled her eyes and Jimmy glowered at him. Candy wondered what was up with his name.
The last guy at the table had a shaved head and a prominent nose. He watched Candy with a blank face, not bothering to hide his wandering eyes. It became more than apparent to her that she must look like a cheap hooker in the revealing red dress that looked like it had been dragged behind a car with her still in it.
“Take a seat,” Melvin said.
As she looked around, Candy was amazed that all of them were werewolves. They looked liked ordinary young people, if not a little dorky in most cases. She noticed books scattered all over the table along with pencils, paper, and oddly shaped dice. While everyone watched and waited for her to take a seat, except for Felicia who had her back to Candy, a slow realization furrowed her brow.
“Are you playing Dungeons and Dragons?”
“Yeah, why?” said Melvin, not bothering to lift his head, instead glancing up at her over the top of his glasses.
“Why?” Candy said. “Because you’re werewolves.”
Everyone’s head shot up except for Jimmy; and Felicia, who was again glaring at him. White Paul winked.
“Not this again,” Felicia said. She turned sideways in her chair to get a better look at her guest, and she didn’t hesitate to flip her long hair around so that all the boys would notice. “It’s perfectly okay for lycanthropes to play Dungeons and Dragons.”
“It is?” Candy said, not bothering to hide the cynicism on her voice. “It seems kind of . . .” She wanted to refrain from saying “retarded” and instead said, “Dumb.”
Melvin looked a little angry while Jimmy seemed positively tortured. Felicia gave a heavy sigh as she hefted a backpack from beside her chair onto her lap and started digging around in it.
“You obviously don’t understand what a role-playing game is,” said the redheaded girl. “The key word is ‘role.’ We assume the role of something completely different than what we are. As a matter of fact, we made it a point to not include lycanthropes of any kind into our world.”
“Or vampires,” Melvin chimed in.
Felicia found what she had been digging around for in her pack. She chucked a worn paperback onto the table. Candy read the title out loud, “Tempest Season: Book One of the Urban Wizard Archives.”
“Now, a wizard who plays Dungeons and Dragons,” Felicia said, nodding her head at the book, “is ‘dumb.’ There’s no reason for someone who can already cast spells to pretend to be in a world where spell casting is an imaginative possibility. And you can’t have Dungeons and Dragons without the wizards and spells, it wouldn’t make any sense. You see? Oh, I can tell you haven’t got a clue.”
Candy looked from Felicia to Melvin and then to each of the other werewolves, or lycanthrows, or whatever they wanted to be called, with confusion she couldn’t hide had she wanted.
“You’re all nerds,” she said. “Werewolf nerds. I never thought I’d see the day.”
“First of all, we’re lycans,” the guy who had introduced himself as White Paul said. “And second, why don’t you sit down and try it before you knock it?”
“I’ll pass,” Candy said. “I wouldn’t be caught dead playing one of these stupid games.”
“That’s the second bad adage you’ve used,” Felicia said. “What would you be caught dead doing?”
“Not this, that’s for sure.”
The guy with the shaved head said, “Why is she here again?”
“Everyone shut up!” Melvin said, blue eyes blazing behind his glasses. “We are all going to get along with each other, got it? Tinch gave us orders and we will follow those orders and be civil to our guest. On the same note,” he looked at Candy over his glasses again, “this is our house and we expect some respect. If you don’t like the game and you don’t want to join us, then you can go over there and sit on the couch.”
“Or I can show you around upstairs,” White Paul offered. “That way you won’t soon forget what a lycan is.”
Candy ignored him and gave the disgusting couch a sideways glance, the foul smell of which made her nose scrunch. She reluctantly took a seat in the empty chair between Felicia and Jimmy. The redhead beamed at her without an ounce of sincerity while Melvin unfolded a Dungeon Master’s screen and propped it up on the table so the paper and dice couldn’t be seen behind it.
“I don’t,” Candy began, looking around to all of the eyes that went her way. “I don’t know how to play.”
“It’s simple,” Felicia said. “You pretend to be something you’re not. That’s the crux of the game. In your case, you’ll want to pretend to be anything other than a massive slut.”
Everyone’s eyes bulged, but none more so than Candy’s. Her face turned bright red and her bottom lip quivered as everyone gaped from her to Felicia with their mouths hanging open. Felicia winced when Candy’s sobs filled the room.
“For fucks sake!” Melvin bellowed. “Didn’t I just tell you to be civil?”
Felicia tried to put an arm around her crying guest. “Shit! I didn’t mean it. I was only kidding, Candy. I didn’t mean it like that.”
Candy shot up from the chair, ran over to the couch, and threw herself facedown onto it. Everyone could only hang their heads while she cried into a pillow. The last several hours had finally caught up with her and Felicia’s remark was icing on the cake. Candy cried and by God it felt good. She found herself wanting her mother, and her own bed.
“Hey,” Jimmy said close to her ear. “Why don’t we go outside and get some fresh air?”
“We can’t play without you,” Felicia said.
“Then you should have kept your big mouth shut. Come on, Candy. You’ll feel better with some fresh air.”
As Jimmy took her out through the sliding glass door into the back yard, Felicia muttered, “She started it, the judgmental bitch. Look at how she’s dressed!”
“Just ignore them,” Jimmy said. He slid the door shut and led Candy around to the side of the house where they couldn’t be seen or heard.
“I can’t believe I just cried in front of a bunch of nerds.”
“We’re not nerds,” Jimmy said, and then he frowned. “Well, okay we’re nerds. But what difference does it make? You didn’t like what Felicia said about you so why do the same thing?”
Candy settled her eyes on him. She couldn’t deny her mixed feelings. She couldn’t refuse that he was handsome in a dorky way. He was so scrawny, though. He probably couldn’t stand up to a single guy she had ever dated, going all the way back to middle school. But he was a werewolf and labels didn’t apply anymore. They never should have anyway.
“You’re right,” she said. “I deserved it. I’ve been through so much. I don’t know what to think and nothing makes sense. And I am dressed like a cheap tramp.”
“I think you look nice.”
Candy smiled for the first time since arriving at the Kennel.
“You’re so beautiful,” Jimmy said.
Candy leaned back against the house, remembering the kisses they had shared not so long ago. She grabbed the bottom of his shirt and pulled him towards her. 
“I’ve never dated a werewolf before,” she said. They both smiled and laughed. Then her smile faded and she lowered her eyes. “You’re not like the guys I normally date.” She brushed the bangs away from his eyes. “You’re cute, but—”
“But?”
“I don’t know,” she said, feeling terrible for some reason. “Nothing has been right since last night. Since that asshole bit me.”
“I understand,” Jimmy said, his eyes lowered, betraying his embarrassment. “I’m not the normal type.”
“It’s not that,” Candy protested. “You’re a werewolf and . . . never mind.”
“That’s not enough? Then you should know I won my fourth grade spelling bee. I made honor roll almost every year in elementary school. I can do long division in my head. I have good hygiene. I’m funny and I have a sense of humor. I’m kind and courteous to others. I respect my elders. I’m honest. . . .”
He seemed to get stuck on the honest part.
“You are funny,” Candy laughed, drawing a blush to his cheeks. Something about what he had said caught her attention, all of those things about school. Once again she found herself thinking how familiar he looked. She wrapped her arms around his neck and drew him into a kissing embrace. At least the start of a kiss; when someone cleared their throat she pushed him away. Melvin stood at the corner of the house.
“Nice timing,” Jimmy sighed. “You’re worse than Tinch.”
“You should come inside,” Melvin said. “Felicia says she’s sorry. We all do. Please come back inside with us.”
Melvin went back around the side of the house. Candy moved to follow him but Jimmy took hold of her arm.
“Wait,” he said “There’s something I need to tell you, something you need to know.”
Candy smiled. “There’s plenty of time for that. Come on, I promise this time I won’t be such a bitch.”

Chapter Five

Candy had walked out of her mother’s house the night before looking for some fun. She ended up with way more than she bargained for. It could have been worse, she thought.
She went back into the house Jimmy shared with his friends thinking she needed to make the best of a situation that really wasn’t so bad. She took Jimmy at face value when he spouted off his list of qualities, and these people were his friends. Considering he saved her life and gave her a safe place to stay, getting along with his friends was the least she could do.
Playing nerdy games couldn’t be as bad as the boredom of her home town. At least she hoped.
Candy took the seat between Felicia and Jimmy again. Felicia was much more pleasant this time around, though Candy figured the expression was forced. Considering how she had acted, Candy couldn’t blame Felicia for what she said earlier. She could only hope things would go better the second time around.
Jimmy’s friends had ordered breakfast already, two large pepperoni pizzas. Candy helped herself to a slice while Melvin introduced the rest of what he called “the Misfits.”
“This is White Paul as you know,” he said. 
White Paul grinned and winked before taking a bite from his pizza. The nickname made Candy curious again (at least she thought it was a nickname; he was a white guy after all), but she didn’t want to interrupt the introductions.
“Over here is Medium Dave,” Melvin said, indicating with his hand the skinny guy with sandy hair and a gaunt face. Medium Dave didn’t seem to notice he had been introduced. He was paying way too much attention to picking stuff off his pizza and setting it on the side of his plate. He looked a little slow.
“Last but definitely not least,” Melvin said. The only guy who remained was the one with the shaved head and the dark, tempting eyes. “This is Were-Jew.”
Candy almost spit out her drink, she coughed so violently. “Were-Jew? Should I ask what that means?”
“Ask away, sugar,” White Paul said.
“Don’t bother,” Jimmy said. He hadn’t yet touched his pizza and seemed to be in a foul mood now that he was back inside with his friends. “You’re not going to like the answer.”
“What’s not to like?” Felicia said. Both she and Jimmy glowered at each other.
“Oh, nothing,” Candy said. “It’s just you have such interesting . . . nicknames.”
“Jimmy’s is the best,” White Paul said.
Jimmy slammed his hand on the table. “Shut up!”
Everyone burst into laughter except Candy. And Jimmy.
Were-Jew offered up an explanation when he was done laughing. “Unlike those heathen vampires, us shapeshifters can have a meaningful relationship with God.”
“Oh,” Candy said, supposing it made sense. “I’m Catholic, are you too?”
Everyone gave her blank stares. “I’m . . . Jewish.”
Candy blushed, embarrassed at her own dumb question.
“We should get started,” Melvin said, changing the subject.
Everyone other than Candy pulled out papers, pencils, and dice. Medium Dave was placing his strangely shaped dice on the table in some kind of indiscernible pattern. He picked each one up and held it close to his eye before setting it back down again. No one paid him any mind.
Candy hadn’t a clue what to do. She looked to Jimmy for help and she had to restrain from saying this was the last way she wanted to spend a Saturday of her summer vacation.
“Okay,” Jimmy said. He had a sheet of paper with numbers written in all sorts of boxes and lines. “Candy needs to make a character.”
“Have her roll up some stats,” Melvin said.
Jimmy placed three dice in front of her. They were normal dice like the kind from board games. Then he put a sheet of paper in front of Candy like the one he had, except there wasn’t anything penciled into it.
“That’s a character sheet,” he said. “You put all of your information on it.”
“You mean like when I was born?”
“No. . . . Well, maybe when your character was born, sure. Here, take the dice. You see the first box on the left side? That’s your character’s ‘strength’ score. Roll the dice to see what it is.”
Candy couldn’t make heads or tails of what he meant so she just did what he said. She picked up the three six-sided dice and rolled them on the table. They came out 1, 2, and 1.
“Okay,” Jimmy said when she sat there looking at the dice. “Write ‘four’ in the box labeled strength.”
Candy did as she was told and noticed several other boxes with titles like “dexterity” and “constitution.” Jimmy had her roll the dice for each. When she was done, the six boxes had the numbers 4, 7, 8, 7, 12, and 16 written in them.
“Well, at least she’s charming,” Felicia said
Candy frowned and looked over at the other girl’s character sheet. Her numbers were much bigger.
“Don’t worry. Medium Dave’s character is just as bad,” Jimmy said. “You should be a cleric or a paladin.”
“Why does my character have to be bad?”
“Because Melvin insists on playing with the old rules,” White Paul said, glaring over at the skinny boy with glasses. “He’s what we like to call a ‘purist’ and a ‘rules lawyer.’ ”
“Don’t start this shit again,” Melvin said, meeting the bigger boy’s glare with one of his own.
While they argued, Jimmy continued helping Candy.
“Clerics can heal people,” he said. He scooted his chair right up against hers so they were shoulder to shoulder. Every time he leaned over her to write something on her character sheet, Felicia huffed or groaned.
“How do I heal people?” Candy said. “Do I have an ambulance or something?”
“No.” Jimmy pursed his lips at Felicia when she laughed. “Have you ever seen those preachers on TV who smack people on the head and say the Lord has healed them? It’s kind of like that. Your deity gives you the power to heal people.”
“My what?”
“Never mind, it’s not important right now.”
“Okay,” Candy said, thinking it best to just play along.
After some time, she had all sorts of stuff written on her character sheet. Everyone else at the table carried on with the game while Jimmy helped her finish. She thought it was strange that she was supposed to use mace to kill monsters; she imagined herself spraying a dragon in the eyes with it.
When Candy was finished, Melvin turned his attention to her and said, “You grew up in a small fishing town on the Tempest Coast. Most of the people in your village were killed in The War of the Seven Crowns, but you were saved by a mysterious man who took you away to a strange city. You were then given over to a temple where you became an oracle.”
Candy nodded along. It all sounded complicated and the last thing she wanted to do was look stupid by asking questions. Melvin was telling her some other stuff when she heard her cell phone vibrating in the dining room where she had plugged it in to charge. She hadn’t checked it yet. Melvin frowned when she hurried over and flipped it open.
There were twenty missed messages. She looked at the most recent entry, a missed call from a number she didn’t recognize. The next three were from the same number and all within the last thirty minutes. She tried to recall if she knew the number. Nothing came to mind.
“The temple priest has asked you into his chambers,” Melvin said.
“Uh,” Candy said, looking up from the digital display of her cell phone. “I guess I’ll go to his chamber? That sounds kind of creepy, though. I don’t think a priest should have someone alone in his chamber, especially a young woman.”
“You’ve been in his chamber before,” Melvin said. “It’s not a big deal.”
Candy looked around at everyone. She caught White Paul looking at her cleavage again; she had caught all of them sneaking a peak at least once, including Felicia.
“Okay. I go to his chamber, but I make sure my breasts are covered up real good.”
Were-Jew coughed and laughed. Medium Dave’s eyes got big and, turning red in the face, he looked up at the ceiling. White Paul winked.
Melvin said in a deep and haughty tone that confused Candy until she realized he was pretending to be the priest who had called her character into his chamber, “I have a quest for you, young oracle.”
The cell phone vibrated in her hand. The display indicated an incoming call from the same number she didn’t recognize. Everyone at the table looked rather annoyed. “Sorry,” she said. “I need to take this real quick.” She got up and went into the kitchen to answer. The voice that came through made her eyes go wide.
“Hello, love. I thought you’d never answer.”
Her heart skipped a beat and, even though she knew the answer, she asked in a hushed tone, “Who is this?”
“You know who I am, love. You’re breaking my heart.”
“Don’t call me again.”
She ended the call and then stared at the cell phone. She checked through all of the other messages. One of the twenty was a text from her sort-of-sometimes boyfriend Jack, and one other from another sort-of boyfriend who attended Boston College. All of the others were from Rupert.
Candy stood in the kitchen for a while staring at the cell phone and wondering how Rupert got her number. She listened to the first voice message he had left at nearly three in the morning: “Pick up, love. It’s me, Rupert. I’ll try you back. I have all night. I have forever.”
She listened to the next message that came fifteen minutes after the first: “Seems I’ve missed you again. We really need to talk. Call me back. Kisses.” The third message: “It would make my life much easier if you’d pick up. Then I wouldn’t have to track you down like this. See you soon.”
The implications in the message had her nearly hysterical. Track you down? Regardless of how simple the statement was, her frantic mind couldn’t make sense of it. She dared to listen to the most recent message: “You’re not in my dreams anymore and I can’t sleep now. I’m going positively crazy without you. Ah, but I hate the short nights of summer. I’ll be with you soon enough.”
Candy flipped her cell phone shut. Jimmy stood in the doorway watching her.
“Is everything all right?” he said, his face creased with concern.
She wasn’t sure what she should say. After a moment, she gave him a weak smile. “Yeah,” she said and they went back to the game table together.
“I stab him in the face,” Felicia said.
“You can’t just stab a death knight in the face,” Melvin said. “It has armor and it’s taller than you. And it’s incorporeal so there’s no face to stab.”
“Fine. I stab him in the balls,” Felicia said.
“He doesn’t have balls!”
“Can I cast magic missile?” Medium Dave asked, but no one paid him any attention.
Felicia threw her hands up. “What am I supposed to do? Why put me up against a death knight if I can’t do anything with my daggers?”
“Because the only thing you ever do is stab things in the face. Try something else, otherwise the death knight is about to attack you and he looks pissed that you ransacked his tomb.”
“I’ll cast magic missile,” Medium Dave said.
Felicia leaned over the table to yell at Melvin. “You’re impossible! You can’t just tempt a thief with a tomb full of treasure and then expect her to fight a fucking death knight. That’s stupid.”
“Can I cast magic missile now?”
“You’re not there Dave!” Melvin roared.
Candy’s cell phone rang again. Everyone snapped their heads to her except Medium Dave, who had slouched back in his chair in a pout. Candy didn’t want to look at the phone. But she had to know. She flipped it open to see Rupert’s number again. She accidentally let out a little whimper.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” Jimmy asked her.
“No.”
“What is it?”
Candy looked from Felicia to Melvin and then back to Jimmy. “Rupert keeps calling me.”
Jimmy snatched the phone out of her hand, but it had already stopped ringing. He stood up out of his chair, looking a little scared.
“Rupert the crazy vampire?” Melvin said. Both Candy and Jimmy nodded. “You gave him your phone number?”
“No! I don’t know how he got it. He’s been calling all night and morning,” Candy said.
White Paul threw an elbow into the wall behind him. “Fucking vampires!”
“Jesus,” Felicia said gravely. “This guy sounds like a worse stalker than Paul.”
“I don’t stalk. I keep an eye on them while they reconsider,” White Paul explained.
Jimmy found the messages on her cell and he put the most recent one from the call they just missed on speaker. Rupert’s annoying British voice filled the room. Everyone was appalled by his accent more than the disturbing, drawn out tone of his voice.
“I wish you would have told me you’re near Springfield. I could have had my people there fetch you. Are you thinking about me? I can’t stop thinking about you. I’ve never had better and I know you haven’t either. I can’t wait to give you more. You have me so twisted up I can’t sleep. Don’t you see what you’re doing to me? I’m sitting here in the dark talking to your bloody voice mail.”
“Wow,” Felicia said, and for the first time she looked sincerely concerned for Candy.
Jimmy stared at the phone for a minute and then he said, “He’s calling during the day. I didn’t know they could . . . that’s crazy.”
Everyone seemed to understand his meaning, but no one offered up any kind of an explanation. None of the Misfits seemed to know what to do. Melvin chewed his fingernails.
“How does he know where you are?” he said. “Can he track that phone?”
“Vampires are crafty motherfuckers,” White Paul said.
“This isn’t good. He’s going to find the Kennel,” Melvin said.
“What are we going to do?” White Paul said. Before anyone suggested an answer he narrowed his eyes at Candy and gave one of his own. “I say we drop her off in the middle of Boston. Let the vamps find her there. Alone.”
“Don’t be an asshole,” Felicia said. White Paul glared at her and she shot him the middle finger. “Don’t you forget what Tinch said.”
“We need to figure something out,” Melvin said.
The cell phone rang in Jimmy’s hand. Everyone looked at him. With the phone still set to speaker he answered the call.
Rupert’s voice: “Do you miss me?”
“Listen, asshole,” Jimmy growled at the phone. “If you call this number again I’m going to rip your fucking arms off.”
Silence. Worried and interested eyes passed back and forth. Medium Dave leaned in his chair, reading one of the role-playing books, seemingly unconcerned. The sigh that came through the speaker made Candy cringe.
“Jimmy, is it? The little pup who ran away with his tail tucked between his legs?” Rupert said. “I remember you, Jimmy. I remember you and that other wanker who took my Candy. I’m going to make you watch while your girlfriend screams my name. And then I’m going to rip your little prick off and show it to everyone so they can have a good laugh.”
Jimmy’s face flushed red. “Fuck you asshole!”
“I’ll see you soon, Jimmy. Give my love and regards to Candy.”
The line went dead.
Melvin was on the brink of hysteria, or maybe rage.
“We have to get out of here,” Were-Jew said. “We can’t compromise this location.”
“Where are we going to go?” Felicia said, concern in her green eyes as well as on her voice. “Tinch told us not to leave.”
“Yeah? Well Tinch isn’t here. I’m not running from a vampire,” White Paul said. “Let him come here. I’ll take him out.”
“Get a grip.” Felicia rolled her eyes and shook her head. “You and what army?”
Melvin banged his hand on the table and everyone respectfully turned their attention to him.
“I’m the leader of the Misfits and I’m not going to listen to you idiots argue while vampires find our hideout.” Everyone snapped their mouths shut and stared at him. For a skinny twerp, he was rather intimidating. “Thank you. We need help. We need a safe place to go. We need people we can trust.”
“Like who?” White Paul inquired with a dramatic flip of his hands. “It’s not like we can go to the police and we don’t know anyone.”
“I wish Tinch was here,” Melvin mumbled, cracking under the pressure.
Everyone stood or paced in nervous silence except Medium Dave. He put the book he had been reading down and said, “I know where we can go for help.”
“Where?” asked Melvin.
“The Mullins. They’re cool.”
Melvin was short on patience but he asked, “Who are the Mullins?”
“A vampire family.”
White Paul laughed. “Brilliant! Let’s go right up to the very thing we’re trying to get away from.”
“No, you don’t understand,” Medium Dave said. “They’re American and they don’t drink blood. They’re really cool.”
“Don’t drink blood?” Melvin said, one of his brows perking up skeptically. “They aren’t vampires if they don’t drink blood. How do you know vampires anyway?”
“They don’t drink human blood,” Medium Dave said without answering the last question. “They are totally advanced and they don’t believe in that. They drink some synthetic stuff and pig’s blood.”
“That’s messed up,” Were-Jew said.
“I’ve known them for a few years,” Medium Dave went on. “I completely trust them. I’m pretty sure they’ll help us.”
Were-Jew nodded thoughtfully. “Yeah,” he said. “The Americans don’t really like the British vampires. Maybe they can help us.”
Melvin pondered this for a moment. “Okay. Dave, you get in touch with the Mullins. Everyone else, get anything we may need packed into the cars.” He turned his attention to Candy. “We have to destroy that cell phone and check you for bugs.”
“Bugs? They’re vampires not the CIA,” Jimmy said.
Melvin turned his serious nerd face to him. “They’re tracking her somehow. Destroy that cell phone. Felicia can go upstairs with Candy to check her handbag and clothes.”
Candy had to give Felicia credit for at least trying to appear unenthusiastic about Melvin’s order. “Okay, let’s go,” Felicia said. Candy followed her upstairs into a plain room with a bed and a single dresser. She told Candy to lean down a little and then she combed through her hair like she had lice. After that, she slowly (and far too thoroughly) patted her down.
“I think you need to take your dress off,” Felicia said.
“I don’t think that’s necessary.”
Felicia grinned. She had the biggest, most alluring green eyes Candy had ever seen. While she had some time to scrutinize, she also noted Felicia had a lovely heart shaped face with a perfect nose and thin lips. She also begrudgingly noted Felicia had the physique guys went crazy for—thin, but not too thin. Thin enough to give her hips the sway they needed and her legs the illusion of more length.
At least Candy had her beat in the breast department.
“I find it hard to believe you have a single shy bone in your body,” Felicia said. “So what’s the problem? I won’t get fresh.”
“That’s easy for you to say. You’re not the one being asked to strip down.”
Felicia unbuttoned her pants, dropped them to the ground, and then threw her shirt off over her head. Candy went a little pink in the face. The redhead had a body more disgustingly perfect than she had first thought. Wearing only a black bra, a jewelry piece in her naval, and green boy underwear (something Candy never understood), Felicia stood there waiting with her hands planted on her narrow hips. Candy sighed and slipped out of her dress. She wasn’t wearing a bra.
“You don’t need to hold your hands over them. It’s not like I don’t have a pair of my own,” Felicia said.
“Then you’re not missing out on anything.”
Felicia shrugged. She did a more thorough search of Candy’s red dress before she had her turn in circles. Candy had a sneaking suspicion that, while turned away longer than she thought necessary, Felicia was checking out her butt.
“You look clean. Sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable.”
“It wasn’t so bad.”
While Candy put her dress back on Felicia said, “What’s up between you and Jimmy?”
Candy’s eyes shot up and she blurted, “Nothing.” She wasn’t sure why the question made her react that way. She shouldn’t have been ashamed about her feelings.
“Right. I’ve known Jimmy for a long time and I can tell he’s head over heels for you. Don’t go breaking his heart.”
“I didn’t plan on it.” Candy thought for a moment. “To be completely honest, I’ve never liked a werewolf before. I never even knew they existed until last night. It’s kind of exciting.”
Felicia laughed so enthusiastically, Candy’s cheeks flushed again.
“What? Some friend you are to laugh like that,” Candy said.
“I’m sorry. I’m not laughing at you or him. Look, Jimmy is a great guy. Really, he is. I’ve just never heard anyone talk about him like that. And I’ve never heard anyone call him a werewolf.” Felicia had to stifle more laughter.
Feeling now that Felicia was laughing at her for saying something so juvenile, Candy headed towards the bedroom door. Felicia caught her by the arm.
“Don’t be mad,” she said. “I didn’t mean it. I’ve known Jimmy for a long time and I haven’t ever seen him in love before. At least not like this.”
“I do like him. I promise I won’t break his heart,” Candy said.
Were-Jew yelled from the bottom of the stairs. “What are you two doing up there?”
White Paul chimed in, “And can I watch?”
“Let’s go,” Felicia said. Skinny as she was, she had to jump up and down to get into her jeans. “We need to get out of here.”

Chapter Six

Medium Dave tried to get in touch with the Mullin Family while everyone else prepared to evacuate the Kennel. Aside from the Pinto Jimmy and Tinch had been using, the rest of the Misfits shared a black SUV sporting far too much chrome. Considering the dump they lived in, Candy wondered how they could afford a car like that. White Paul put a few duffle bags crammed with supplies into the back of the SUV.
“We don’t need the video games,” Melvin told him.
“But we need all of the role playing books?” White Paul countered.
Melvin didn’t have a response. He and White Paul had torn Candy’s cell phone apart, effectively destroying it, which upset her to no end because she was positive Rupert wasn’t tracking her through it. Then again, as Were-Jew had said, “Vampires, specifically the big families, have access to vast resources. We can’t rule out the possibility.”
Medium Dave strolled back over to the rest of the Misfits and gave them the news. “They’ll meet with us tonight. They said they can help us with the Brits. They know what to do.”
“So we’re really going to walk into a vampire nest?” Were-Jew asked Melvin. Candy waited for the answer. She didn’t think it was a good idea either.
The leader of the Misfits pondered the situation for a moment, his eyes darting around behind his glasses. “I’ll go,” he said. “There’s no reason to risk everyone. I’m the leader and it’s my responsibility.”
“You take this way too seriously,” Felicia said, rolling her eyes. “We all go or none of us go. Misfits stay together.”
“I made my decision.”
“Screw that,” White Paul said. Without his hat on, his thick hair stuck out everywhere. “I’m going with you. I have to see one of these vampire families with my own eyes. Besides, if they try anything, you’ll need some muscle.”
Candy sighed and leaned against the SUV while they argued. She felt bad that they had to leave their home, and about them arguing over who should go meet with the vampires. This was all her fault. Jimmy put his arm around her shoulder, making her feel a little better. Medium Dave glanced between everyone as if he had something to say.
“Shut up guys,” he said in his soft spoken tone. After repeating himself three more times they finally shut their mouths and looked at him. “I have to go. They agreed to meet me and Candy.”
Candy pushed herself off the car and shook her head. She had no intention whatsoever of meeting a vampire family. She shivered thinking about it.
“Candy’s not going. I’m not letting her go to a vampire nest,” Jimmy said.
“That’s the deal,” Medium Dave said with a shrug. “Candy has to go.”
Jimmy stared at the ground while chewing on his lower lip. “This is a bad idea. We’re not doing it. I’d rather hide out than bring her to the vampires.”
“They’re not like other vampires,” Medium Dave insisted. “They can help us. They want to help us. They don’t like the Brits.”
White Paul raised a skeptical brow. “How do you know these vampires?”
“I just do.” 
White Paul didn’t like that answer. “Nobody ‘just knows’ vampires, Dave. I can tell when you’re hiding something.”
“I’m not,” Medium Dave said without the conviction to convince anyone. “I know Chester and his mother.”
“His mother?” Candy said.
Medium Dave’s face turned red. He was shy and quiet for the most part and it frustrated him being put on the spot. Melvin tried to draw attention away from him. 
“It doesn’t look like we have a choice,” he said. “And Felicia’s right—we all go together or we don’t go at all. Where are we meeting them?”
“Providence.”
“Then we should get going. We’ll be on the road for at least a couple of hours.”
The Misfits made their final preparations to leave, making sure they had everything they needed out of the Kennel. Medium Dave made another phone call and then informed everyone that they could crash at his parent’s house near Providence while they were out of town. Melvin approved the plan and they set out.
Jimmy, Candy, and Medium Dave rode together in the Pinto while everyone else had the privilege of riding in the comfortable SUV, which followed behind in case the old piece of junk broke down. Medium Dave was the only one who had ever been to Rhode Island before. According to Jimmy, he was born and raised there before joining up with the Misfits.
Jimmy took them onto the interstate and they rode in silence for a while. The Pinto, of course, didn’t have air conditioning. The lowered windows rattled incessantly. Candy couldn’t take the racket anymore and rolled her window up.
“Are you sure it’s a good idea that I go?” she said, her nerves on edge. As far as she was concerned, she never wanted to have anything to do with vampires again. She didn’t care if these vampires wanted to help, which was strange in itself.
“You’re not going,” Jimmy assured her.
“She has to, Jimmy,” Medium Dave said from the back seat.
“Why?”
“I don’t know. I spoke with . . .” Medium Dave trailed off for a moment. “I spoke with someone close to the family who knows how to get in touch with them. He insisted Candy needs to be wherever they decide to meet us.”
“Why didn’t you just talk with one of them?”
“They sleep during the day,” Medium Dave said as if that should have been completely obvious. “They’ll call me once they wake up.”
Candy thought about the situation. She put her hand to the wound on her neck, covered now with a single band aid. It still felt a little weird and it tingled if she pressed against it too hard. The vampire who did that to her had already found her once, found her cell number, was close to finding her a second time, and he had also been in her dream. She just wanted this to end.
“I should go,” she said reluctantly. “I’ve already put you and your friends through so much. It’s not fair to them. They had to leave home because of me.”
“This isn’t anything we’re not used to,” Jimmy said. “We’ve always been at odds with vampires, especially the Brits. This is what we’ve been preparing for.”
Candy shook her head. “How do you think this makes me feel knowing it’s my fault? Don’t try to sugarcoat it, Jimmy. None of this would have happened if it wasn’t for me. I’ll go.” She swallowed, unsure if she wanted to say it. “Alone.”
“You are not going alone.” Jimmy turned to face her. There was no leeway in his eyes. “I’m here for you and I’m going with you. We’ll get this all settled and then we can return home.”
“I told you I have to go,” Medium Dave said. “They don’t know you and they won’t meet you without me.”
Jimmy peered at him in the rearview. “Are you sure?”
“I’m sure.”
Melvin called Jimmy and told him to get off at the next exit so they could hit up the mega-store in town. They needed to get some supplies, but they didn’t have much money. They ended up arguing for fifteen minutes outside in the parking lot over what they needed. Once they had finally come to a decision, they split up into groups. Felicia and Candy went to the women’s clothing section together.
“Here are some shirts,” Felicia said. She grabbed a few for Candy and herself. “Get a pair of shorts or two, or jeans if you want. Make sure to grab a pack of underwear too.”
Candy hoped this would be over soon; the idea of buying a pack of panties for the road wasn’t appealing at all. The thought of being back home with her own closet full of clothes was sounding really good.
Nearly an hour later everyone converged at one of the checkout aisles. Felicia yelled at the guys for not getting deodorant and toothpaste while they were back at that part of the store and she had to go get it herself. They crammed their new supplies into the SUV; mostly snacks and the things Felicia and Candy had bought. Jimmy and Medium Dave snagged a few bags of chips to eat in the Pinto.
The trip to Providence took nearly two more hours. Medium Dave gave directions to his parent’s house in a suburb about thirty minutes away from downtown. Candy was surprised when they pulled into a well kept middleclass neighborhood. She had expected a trailer park, figuring his parents might be poor. But the neighborhood was full of big houses and even bigger lawns, and she wondered why he left here for the shack the Misfits called home. Jimmy pulled into the driveway of a house with a white picket fence and bright green grass.
As everyone exited the cars and stretched out, Jimmy pulled Melvin aside, but not far enough away that Candy couldn’t hear them.
“We decided that me, Candy, and Medium Dave are going,” he said. “There’s no point endangering everyone and Dave thinks they won’t meet with us if we all go.”
Melvin sighed, clearly conflicted, and then he nodded. “White Paul’s going with you. For safety and because he won’t shut up about it. The rest of us will follow in case you need back up.”
The house they stood in front of was like every other on the street: Two stories with a big lawn spotted with a few trees. Flowers and trimmed bushes lined the walkway to the front door. Medium Dave invited everyone inside, which was just as nice as the outside, if not a bit stuffy because no one had been there for weeks. At his insistence, everyone made themselves at home in the living room while he went to turn on the air conditioning. The living room had matching furniture—sofa, love chair, and recliner—and a big flat screen television.
“I never knew his parents had a house this nice,” Were-Jew said.
“Me neither,” Felicia said with an appreciative look around.
“I wonder if they have anything to eat,” White Paul said. He headed towards the open entrance of the kitchen but then paused at the door to the back yard. “Holy shit, they have an in ground pool.”
Felicia hustled over and pulled down hard on the blinds. “Nice! I wish I brought a swimsuit, or bought one.”
“That’s what we need to be spending the money we don’t have on,” White Paul said. “Besides, we don’t need swimsuits. You and I can party in our birthday suits later on.”
“In your dreams.”
White Paul shrugged and went over to the fridge. “Suit yourself.”
Candy was looking out the window in the living room when she noticed a table lined with framed portraits. In one of them, a middle aged woman with brown hair and a worn face smiled in a brass frame. She must have been Medium Dave’s mother. She looked pleasant enough, if not very tired. A photo to the right of that one showed a teenaged Medium Dave sporting the same docile face on an even skinnier body. Next to that was the recent graduation photo of a young woman in tassels and robe. She resembled Medium Dave in pretty much every way—the same hair and eyes, the same gaunt face, and the same thin lips. She could have been his twin. Candy had to lean close to see the next photo of a seven or eight year old boy sitting on the back of what looked like a moose. She squinted at the picture; it was indeed a moose and the kid was crying his little head off.
“That’s my father,” Medium Dave said.
Candy backed away from the table and nearly knocked over a picture. She glanced back at the photo of the kid sitting on the moose and noticed the one next to it was a photo of a young man in a Navy uniform. The man in the photo strikingly resembled Medium Dave and she presumed it was his father.
“Oh,” she said. “Is this your mother and sister?”
“Yeah.”
His phone rang and he wandered off into another room to answer; it didn’t seem he wanted to talk about his family anyway. Jimmy came over to take a look at the photos as well.
“He never told us much about his family,” he said. “Then again, he never told us much of anything.”
“What exactly are the Misfits?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean who are you? It’s odd you don’t know anything about your friends.”
Jimmy glanced over his shoulder. “I know plenty about them,” he said, but then his face sagged into a frown. “I’ll tell you another time. I don’t want to talk about it in front of the others.”
Candy was about to ask why when Medium Dave came back into the room to announce the Mullins would meet with them at a bookstore at seven o’clock. The Misfits then set about coming up with a plan. They decided everyone who wasn’t going to meet with the Mullins would wait near the bookstore. Felicia would watch the front, Were-Jew would scout the inside as backup, and Melvin would wait with the SUV just in case.
“Sounds good,” White Paul said impatiently. “There’s nothing to eat in here. I’ll be back in a few.”
Jimmy opened the back door and motioned for Candy to follow. The backyard was spacious, with plenty of trimmed bushes and a garden and a shed. It was the perfect model of suburbia. They walked together to the side of the drained pool. Candy gazed out over the yard.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Jimmy said.
“No. I’m terrified.”
He put his arm around her shoulder. “Maybe we shouldn’t.”
“No. He’s after me and I don’t think he’s going to stop. I had a dream about him, but it wasn’t a normal dream.”
Jimmy frowned, looking as if his mother had taken away his favorite toy. “What kind of dream?”
“I don’t know. I don’t remember what happened. All I know is how it felt, and it felt real, like he was really there with me in the dream. Like he was in my head with me.”
Jimmy glanced out over the lawn, remaining silent.
“I’m scared and I want this to end,” she said.
He pulled her into his arms. “I’ll be with you.”
“Before yesterday I didn’t know vampires existed. Why did this have to happen to me?”
“Everything will be fine. I won’t let anything happen to you.”
Candy imagined him as a wolf, as someone who could truly keep her safe, and it made her feel better. Then again, she had watched Tinch run away from Rupert and Vivian.
“What do you know about vampires?” she said. “Are they the same as in movies and books?”
“Kind of. I don’t read cheesy vampire books, but the classics got them fairly right on. They drink blood and will do anything to get it. They have to have it or they die. And as you know, they can charm people. Tinch calls it ‘glamour’ and he says to never believe anything they say.”
“Do they kill people when they drink their blood? Would he have killed me . . . ?”
“Normally they don’t, but that’s not the point. They always hurt people.”
Candy thought back to the previous night with Rupert. She felt ashamed that she recalled the pleasure from that moment so much more vividly than anything else.
“It felt good,” she said awkwardly. “It was . . .” she shook her head. She didn’t know how to express herself, or if he wanted to hear it.
“That’s how they do it, how they addict you,” Jimmy said. “The first time is good, but it gets worse until it’s only pain. Tinch told me about the addicts and you saw that waitress in the diner. Pain is what they get, but they only remember when it felt good. They don’t care or maybe they don’t realize when a vampire feeds on them it’s only going to hurt. They become addicted to a memory they can’t have anymore.”
He took in a long breath and gripped both of her shoulders, staring intently into her eyes. The worry creasing his face made him look more handsome in some weird way.
“I don’t mean to scare you with all of this but you need to know the dangers,” he said. “I don’t want to see you get hurt.”
His insinuation that she might be or become an addict made her angry, though she couldn’t argue something she knew so little about. His point hit home when she thought about Rupert in her dream.
“I understand.”
“We have to be careful tonight,” he said. “Be careful when you talk to them and don’t look at their eyes. I don’t trust vampires and I don’t care if they’re American or not, or if they drink pig’s blood. We have to be careful.”
“What’s with the British vampires anyway?”
“I’m not sure. The way I understand, they’ve always been here. There are different families or covens or whatever they call it.”
“Are there a lot of vampires?”
Jimmy frowned, the worried expression not matching his otherwise vibrant and youthful face. “Tinch thinks there are too many. They’ve been moving out of the cities because there are too many of them there. He said the only place he didn’t feel safe when he was young was in the big cities and look at us now. They are everywhere.”
“I heard you and Tinch talking about that in the car. What’s he going to do?”
Jimmy sighed and took Candy’s hand into his. Though he didn’t seem to want to talk about it, he said, “As far as Tinch and some of the others are concerned there’s only one way to handle vampires, especially vampires like those Brits. I can’t say I disagree with them.”
“He wants to kill them?”
Candy wasn’t sure why that bothered her. He was talking about murder, but was it murder to kill a vampire? Jimmy didn’t answer, which was answer enough.
“Considering what Rupert did to me, what he’s put us through, I can’t say I disagree,” she said. “They were heartless monsters in the diner—all of the things Rupert said and did. Maybe they deserve what they get.”
Jimmy gave a grim nod. Candy turned her head when she heard someone approaching. Were-Jew and Felicia came around the side of the house.
“What’s up? You two okay?” Were-Jew said.
“Yeah,” Jimmy said. “We’re just talking.”
Were-Jew nodded. “We scouted around. This place seems pretty safe, but I’m nervous about being here with the way Rupert seems to be tracking her. Dave didn’t say anything, but I don’t want to compromise his parents’ home.”
Candy headed off to take a shower while they talked. Felicia offered to grab the supplies out of the SUV and meet her upstairs with the clothes as well as some toiletries. Medium Dave told them that they could use the bed or pull out couch in the guest room to take a nap if they wanted. Candy went into the bathroom and stripped out of her dingy clothes—the dress definitely needed to be thrown away. She made sure the water was blasting hot and then she stood beneath it for a long time. Her feet stung from having run through the parking lot without shoes, but she didn’t care. She closed her eyes and tried to let the water wash away her concerns.
After showering she dressed and went into the guestroom. Felicia was on the bed reading a book with one of her long legs crossed over the other. She glanced at Candy and then turned back to her book.
“Feel better?” she said.
“Marginally,” Candy said. She rubbed her eyes, frowned at the couch, and then sat on the bed next to Felicia. “I was thinking about taking a nap.”
“I can lie on the couch.”
“Nah,” Candy said. “I just want to rest my eyes for a bit. You can stay so long as you promise not to get fresh.”
They both laughed a little and Felicia went back to her book. The cold air from the ceiling vents passing over Candy’s still steaming body instantly relaxed her. When she closed her eyes the first thing she saw was Rupert’s fangs. She turned her head to Felicia.
“Have you ever seen a vampire?”
“A few times,” Felicia said, setting the book down on her chest. “Once in New York at a nightclub. I wouldn’t have known he was a vampire if I hadn’t learned everything I did from Tinch. It scared the shit out of me the way he hung back in the shadows looking over the room like it was an animated menu.”
“What did you do?”
Felicia snorted. “I got the hell out of there. This happened last summer when I was seventeen, and I was alone. I know what vampires can do and what he had probably already done to people, and worse still whatever sick shit was going through his head for that night.”
Candy wanted to ask why Felicia had been alone at a nightclub in New York when she was seventeen, but a more important thought came to mind. “Have you ever killed one?”
“No,” Felicia said with a curious glance at Candy. “They’re not easy to kill.” She sighed and seemed to think about what she should say. “Not all vampires are as bad as Rupert and you shouldn’t think in the terms of ‘vampires need killing.’ People have thought the same about lycans.”
Felicia’s views were a sharp contrast to what Jimmy had said. Candy closed her eyes and relaxed. She imagined running alongside a wolf until she drifted off to sleep.

Chapter Seven

“You’ll be with me soon, love. It’s nearly night.”
For a moment, Candy could see down the hallway and through a set of glass doors to the yard beyond—the yard with the sculpted hedges and with the fountain straddled by little trumpet bearing angels. Then shadows grew out from every corner around her, from every unlit crack, pulsing with life and obscuring anything she tried to look at in an inky gloom.
Everything except Rupert.
She woke up sweating, feeling like shadows were creeping up her legs. She had slept for less than an hour; the dream had been brief, but it jogged her memory of the first time she dreamed about Rupert. She had been walking with him along strangely sculpted hedges. There had been something about a wish, about his wish for her to be with him. There had been his anger and his fangs. She couldn’t stand dreaming about him anymore.
Felicia had fallen asleep and rolled well into the middle of the bed, one of her skinny legs stretched out over Candy’s knees. Candy poked her shoulder until she woke up. Felicia yawned and rolled over. She sat up on the side of the bed and rubbed her eyes.
“What time is it?” she said sleepily.
“About six, I think.”
Beyond the guestroom window the red summer sun hovered near the horizon. Candy pulled on some socks and a cheap pair of tennis shoes they bought at the mega-store. Downstairs, Were-Jew was sleeping on the couch and Jimmy on the recliner. With a glance through the blinds into the back yard, she saw Melvin, White Paul, and Medium Dave.
“I hope they’re getting the pool ready,” Felicia said.
The smell of Chinese food in the kitchen made Candy’s stomach growl. Jimmy woke up with a start when Melvin and Medium Dave came inside.
“Good, you’re up,” Melvin said. “Grab a bite to eat, we leave in fifteen.”
Both young women picked meticulously through the food. Candy never cared much for Chinese food, but she was starving and had nothing else so she didn’t complain. While she ate, the rest of the Misfits went into the living room. Jimmy came into the kitchen and leaned against the counter next to her. Melvin went over the plan once everyone was gathered around.
“Okay, guys. We all know the plan. Were-Jew will be inside the store with Candy and Jimmy. Felicia will be outside. I’ll stay with the car. Everyone make sure your phones are charged before we go. Were-Jew will inform us once you make contact, but if anything smells fishy or if I give the say then we all meet up inside the bookstore. Public places are safer and we can figure out what to do from there.” He handed a prepaid cell phone to Candy. “I put everyone’s number into it.”
“Thanks.”
Melvin nodded and continued, “If the Mullins set this up as an intermediate meeting place, which is likely the case, then we’ll follow behind in the SUV to the next destination. All of the gear is in the back so that me, Felicia, and Were-Jew will be ready to go. Any questions?”
Candy wondered what he meant by “gear.” Everyone nodded their understanding of the plan. Most everyone; Candy still had her doubts. Melvin wanted to get there early so they could scout the area ahead of time and he rushed everyone out the door.
Jimmy, Candy, Medium Dave, and White Paul piled into the Pinto while the rest of the Misfits got into the SUV. They made their way back onto the interstate and stayed on it for about fifteen minutes, and then they took a downtown exit. With Medium Dave navigating, Jimmy found a parking garage near their destination.
“Remember,” Melvin said before everyone went to their positions, “don’t trust anything a vampire says. They have silver tongues.” He looked at Jimmy. “You know the plan. Stick to it.”
Medium Dave didn’t appear happy with his leader’s assessment of vampires. Were-Jew and Felicia departed to their positions. Candy noticed what looked like a military or law enforcement grade utility belt around her waist, covered by her shirt.
A knot grew in her belly as the gravity of the situation became more apparent: They were about to go meet with vampires. Rupert found his way into her thoughts again. She didn’t want to constantly remember his arms around her, his face buried in her neck. She didn’t want to remember his fangs. She didn’t want to remember how good it felt.
Melvin pulled out a duffle bag from the back of the SUV. Jimmy put his arm around Candy’s shoulder and said, “Let’s head out.”
The narrow city streets came to life with lights and people as night settled over everything. Though it wasn’t fully dark, Candy was still nervous. In her freedom after graduating she had become a night owl, but now she hated what came out when the sun went down.
They found an empty table at a café in the bookstore. Time passed by in uncomfortable silence until Jimmy’s cell phoned buzzed. He flipped it open and read a text message, and then he put it back on the table. Candy grabbed a magazine.
“You guys don’t need to be so dramatic,” Medium Dave said.
Jimmy eyed him. “I don’t care how you know these vampires or how much you trust them. As far as I’m concerned they’re still bloodsucking monsters.”
White Paul squirmed in his chair. “Man I’m bloated.” He looked at the fashion magazine Candy was flipping through. “Mind if I read that after you? That’s good material to—”
Jimmy cut him off with a glare.
“Good for what?” Medium Dave asked, but everyone ignored him.
Turning her head from them, Candy spotted Were-Jew lurking near the magazine racks. Jimmy continued reading texts each time his phoned buzzed and he sent a couple out while they all kept an eye on the door. After what seemed like hours, she had flipped through most of the magazine. Medium Dave fell asleep in his chair. White Paul had ordered about five coffees, each time complaining about the refill price to the poor girl with acne and braces behind the counter. He eventually wandered over to a woman’s laptop when she went to the bathroom.
Through the windows on the other side of the café, full dark had descended over the city, causing the knot in Candy’s stomach to tighten. People entered and exited the bookstore at a steady pace, but there was something odd about the guy with fair hair who walked in through the door. He had on a diamond-patterned sweater and tan khakis even though it was warm out. As he detached himself from the traffic of customers his eyes went directly to the café. He spotted Medium Dave and then he made his way over to them. Jimmy nudged the sleeping Misfit awake.
“David,” the young man said with a wide smile. Medium Dave stood up and shook his hand. “It’s been a long time.”
“Hey, Chester,” Medium Dave said in a casual manner.
Candy sensed an air of arrogance around Chester, and combined with the way he was dressed he reminded her of the spoiled preps she had gone to school with. She couldn’t see anything about him that pegged him as a vampire aside from his apparent youth and maybe his pale complexion, though that didn’t mean anything.
“Who are your friends?” Chester said.
“This is Jimmy and Candy,” Medium Dave said.
“Nice to meet you,” Chester said, smiling as if perhaps he meant it, his eyes lingering on Candy more than the guys. “I’m Chester Mullin. Why don’t we head on out and you can fill me in a little more on your problem.”
“Head out where?” Jimmy said.
“My mother is interested in Candy’s situation with the British fellow. She wants to meet her in person. And of course she’d like to see David again.”
Jimmy passed a glance to Medium Dave. “Your mother couldn’t come here?”
The pleasant smile on Chester’s face remained and he spoke in an equally pleasant tone. “My mother is willing to take time out of her very busy schedule to help with your problem,” he said. “She’s invited you to our home; an invitation not offered to many, I assure you.”
Jimmy glanced at Medium Dave again. “How do we know we can trust you?”
“Why wouldn’t you?” Chester said, resting a hand on Medium Dave’s shoulder. “You called for help, didn’t you? That’s why we’re all here.”
Jimmy wasn’t convinced. He looked between Medium Dave and Chester for a moment and then his eyes settled on Candy. She was just as lost as him, if not more, and she didn’t know what to make of Chester. She supposed the blue-eyed vampire seemed pleasant enough, but then again she had been told that was what vampires wanted people to think. She didn’t know enough and so she gave Jimmy a slight nod to indicate her trust in his judgment.
“Okay,” Jimmy said with some reluctance. “We’ll meet with your mother.”
“Excellent.”
White Paul came back over to his seat. “Who’s this prick?”
“Chester Mullin.” Jimmy sighed. “This is our friend White Paul who has no etiquette at all. Sorry about that.”
“A pleasure, White Paul,” Chester said congenially, extending his hand out. White Paul stared at him and after a moment Chester lowered his hand. “So, are there any more of you I should know about?”
“This is it,” Jimmy said.
Chester clapped his hands. “Very good. My driver’s waiting for us outside. You can fill me in on the way.”
“Your driver?” said White Paul. “Are we talking a limo here?”
“Not quite. It’s a town car, but it has all of the comforts.”
“I’m sure it does,” White Paul grumbled.
Everyone followed the vampire to the door, through the crowds of people who didn’t know any better, who didn’t know a vampire was among them. Candy held Jimmy’s hand while Medium Dave walked alongside Chester ahead of them.
“I don’t like him,” White Paul whispered. “He’s the worst kind of person and he’s a vampire. What’s the world come to?”
“You don’t even know him,” Jimmy said. “I never thought I’d say this but he seems okay.”
“That’s what he wants you to think, dipshit. That’s how they get you. The next thing you know you’re waking up with blood on your neck and cold vampire sausage in your mouth.”
Jimmy stopped to glare at him.
“What? Don’t tell me you can’t see he’s a little fruity. He’s wearing a turtleneck in July and he clearly bleached his hair.”
“I don’t really care about his sexual orientation,” Jimmy said. “We’re here for his help so stop being a jerk. Please.”
As they walked out the door a woman yelled, “Why is there porn on my computer!?”

Chapter Eight

When Candy was in the third grade her class did a Christmas play. She had to dress up like a reindeer and wear an antler hat. She didn’t have any lines until near the end when each reindeer had to come forward to sing before joining in with a chorus. She didn’t remember what the lines were anymore, but she did remember she was so nervous she couldn’t talk and she almost threw up. She had never felt like that again until now.
She clutched tightly onto Jimmy’s hand while they followed Chester. She wanted to call the whole thing off. For the first time in her life she wanted nothing more than to go home and see her mother. She didn’t want to meet more vampires.
She said nothing. The thought of Rupert finding her again kept her mouth firmly closed.
When Jimmy turned his head to scan the other side of the street, Candy looked as well. She saw Felicia lingering near a corner in the dark, her head low and her eyes on them. She turned and took something out of her pocket, probably her cell phone.
“Here we are,” Chester said. A town car waited for them at a crosswalk up the street. Though it wasn’t as big as a limo or as flamboyant, it did have double seats facing each other in the back. Everyone piled in. “All in, Milford. Take it away.”
The town car lurched into motion. Candy sat on one side against the window with Jimmy next to her and White Paul against the other window. Chester and Medium Dave sat on the other side facing them. The windows were tinted completely black so nothing could be seen outside and the driver’s cab was partitioned off.
“Why don’t you fill me in on your problem?” Chester said. “David said you have a Brit who won’t leave you alone?”
Jimmy continued speaking on Candy’s behalf, which suited her just fine. “Yes. He attacked Candy and now he’s stalking her.”
Chester’s eyes went to Candy, to her neck. “Did he bite her?”
Candy’s face burned. Jimmy noticed and took her hand.
“Yes,” he said. “Maybe we should wait for some privacy before she relates exactly what happened. I imagine this has to be embarrassing.”
“My apologies. Let me ask a little about him instead. You said his name is Rupert?” Chester said.
“Yes.”
“I know him,” Chester said thoughtfully. “He’s a vicious bastard, that’s for sure. The whole Kingsley family is like that.”
Candy didn’t like the sound of that, and neither did Jimmy. She wasn’t sure what a vampire family was or how many there were, and the thought of more vampires like Rupert and Vivian made her visibly recoil. She also didn’t like how Chester’s eyes kept going to her neck or how he was trying to be subtle about it. He glanced at her wrists as well.
“How long until we get there?” White Paul said.
“Not long.” Chester turned his attention back to Candy. “So tell me, did you see any other Brits?”
“Just one,” Jimmy said. “Vivian.”
Chester flinched and sucked in a breath through his slightly spaced front teeth. “I was hoping he wasn’t in the states. He’s the worst.”
Jimmy asked the question everyone was thinking. “How many of them are there?”
“Enough to be a pain in the ass. I believe there are four Kingsley brothers, maybe five, but their father hasn’t been around for some time. Hayden Kingsley has been head of the house during his absence. They’ve done nothing but cause problems since.”
White Paul grumbled, clearly wanting to throw in a remark.
“But if you mean their extended family,” Chester went on, “well, there’s no telling exactly. The Kingsleys are the prominent family here; they’ve controlled Boston for a long time. There are two more families in Massachusetts alone and that’s not counting the loners. And more come and go from their overpopulated island.”
“Just our luck,” White Paul said. “It had to be the prominent family we get involved with.”
Chester nodded agreement. “My mother will sort this out.”
After about thirty minutes they arrived at the Mullin house. Candy heard a gate open and then the town car crunched along a gravel driveway that must have been a mile long. When at last the car came to a halt the driver, an Asian man in a tidy black suit with white gloves, opened the door for them. Once everyone had exited the car, he returned to the driver’s seat.
“Keep the car running, Milford,” Chester said.
Candy had no idea where they were and she couldn’t see any other houses across a vast yard and the driveway. When she turned her eyes grew large. What she saw wasn’t a house and the term “mansion” didn’t do it much justice either. The house before her towered three-stories high and was built in the colonial style more common in the south. Grooved columns lined the porch, supporting a spacious balcony on the third floor. It was immense, even the windows were huge, and the surrounding yard stretched out into darkness. She tried to imagine how awesome it would be to live in a house like that.
White Paul let out a low whistle. “You didn’t tell us they’re filthy rich.”
“Most vampire families are,” Medium Dave said, standing nonchalantly with his hands stuffed into his jean pockets. “I knew they were wealthy but not like this.”
Chester led them up the porch steps to a huge door. It was ingrained in some kind of woodland motif Candy didn’t have time to inspect. She did notice gold relief in some spots. Chester held the door open while his guests filed in.
“I’m afraid I won’t be staying as I having some pressing business to attend, but my mother will be with you shortly,” he said. “It was a pleasure to meet all of you and I hope everything works out.”
Candy followed Jimmy through the door into a massive antechamber made of marble and dark polished wood. The room was vast, including the ceiling which rose well over thirty feet above. Two curving stairways of dark stone and gleaming bronze handrails hugged the walls on both sides, ending in an overlook. Everything sparkled as if an army of maids had swept through, including marble statues Candy thought should have been in a museum. There were also sitting chairs, couches, tables, a piano; she didn’t have time to look at it all. There were even objects hanging from the high ceiling, too far away and too dark to make out.
White Paul glanced back at Chester who was talking to Medium Dave out on the porch.
“What a weirdo,” he said.
“Let’s see where the others are,” Jimmy said. He pulled out his cell phone and started typing out a text. A few seconds later his phone chimed with a return message. “They’re back where we pulled into the driveway. Were-Jew’s going to scout around.”
It was ridiculously cold inside the mansion. Candy was thinking she should have worn something other than shorts when soft footsteps echoed in the chamber. She turned to see a girl of perhaps fourteen or fifteen walking towards them, her face plastered in dark mascara and eyeliner. She was dressed in ripped jeans and a skimpy black top. To complete the goth look, she also wore lipstick matching the color of her jet black hair which hung down in uneven strands over her face. She swung her head to the side to clear some of the hair, revealing icy gray-blue eyes, and then she touched a cherry red popsicle to her lips. Everyone stared at her while she licked it in an inappropriate manner. White Paul dropped his mouth open and his eyes nearly bugged out of his head.
“Uh,” Jimmy said. “Is your mother home?”
“My mother?” said the girl, her voice disturbingly sensual. “She’s dead.”
“Dead? But we just spoke with—”
“David!” the girl blurted out as Medium Dave walked inside. She held her arms out and hustled over to him, her bare feet slapping against the marble floor. Medium Dave sheepishly stepped forward into her embrace and his face burned red when the girl planted a quick kiss on his cheek that left behind the black outline of her lips.
“It’s been too long, David. I was beginning to think I’d never see you again.”
The girl rubbed up against Medium Dave while everyone else watched on with mixed interest and confusion. Candy didn’t want to know what was going on over in White Paul’s head. The girl separated herself from Medium Dave and turned her attention to the others.
“You should introduce me to your friends.”
Medium Dave was almost too embarrassed to talk. He shuffled his feet for a moment before finding his voice. “This is Jimmy, White Paul, and Candy.” He lowered his eyes to the floor. “This is Anastasia.”
Anastasia gave them a big smile. “Welcome to my home.”
Everyone’s eyes went a little wide when they realized she was the head of the house—the Mullin mother, the vampire mother. Candy didn’t think the situation could get any stranger and yet it had.
“A pleasure to meet you. Any friends of David’s are friends of mine,” Anastasia said. “Please, make yourselves comfortable. Is it too cold? I don’t often have mortal company.” She seemed perfectly comfortable in the freezing house.
“The pleasure is mine,” White Paul said as he moved forward and bumped Medium Dave out of the way. “The cold doesn’t bother me at all.”
The cold stare Anastasia flashed his way made his smile instantly vanish. The girl turned her attention to Candy once White Paul had taken a few steps back.
“I was told you ran into a bit of a problem with an Englishman,” she said as she daintily held the popsicle in her upturned hand. “The English have never been known for their manners or charm, though they certainly try.”
“Yes,” Jimmy said, nodding dumbly. He may have been more uncomfortable than Candy in Anastasia’s presence. “His name’s Rupert and he’s been stalking Candy.”
Anastasia moved in front of Candy. The girl’s eerie eyes were hard to look at, and Candy found herself staring at the ground most of the time. The popsicle dripped a few red spots on the otherwise pristine white floor.
“Why don’t you tell me what happened?” the vampire mother asked.
Candy looked to Jimmy for reassurance. He nodded.
“He attacked me. Rupert did,” Candy said.
Anastasia seemed to ponder this for a moment, her head tilted slightly with her unnatural eyes locked onto Candy. She bit off a piece of the popsicle, some of the red juice running down her chin. The vampire girl was quick to clean it up with her tongue.
“I see. I don’t mean to sound insensitive, but I would like to hear everything from the start. Every detail could help.”
Candy lowered her head again. She didn’t like those glassy gray eyes, and the exposed skin of the girl’s abdomen was so pale it didn’t seem real. The idea that this young girl had fangs and a thirst for blood freaked her out. Jimmy squeezed her hand, giving her courage.
“I went to a bar. Rupert was hitting on me,” Candy said.
“How unfortunate,” Anastasia said. “He attacked after you told him to get lost?”
“No. I left the bar with him.”
Anastasia frowned. “You told him no after further advances, and then he attacked?”
Candy felt everyone’s eyes on her and her face burned. She couldn’t remember being more embarrassed in her life. 
“No,” she said. “I mean I didn’t have the chance.”
Jimmy stepped in to help her out. “He glamoured her. He tricked her.”
“Glamoured?” Anastasia said. “I haven’t heard that term used by mortals in a long time. Most people these days prefer ‘charm’ or ‘mesmerize.’ ”
“That shit has to be illegal,” White Paul grumbled. “It’s the date rape drug of the vampire world.”
“Sadly, no,” said the vampire girl. “Though all refined vampires look down on it. The theft of free will is a sin of the highest order, literally a slap in the face of God.”
Anastasia made everyone uncomfortable in more ways than one. It was the combination of her mature tone and language on such a young body, and the way her eyes seemed to bore right into whoever she was looking at. The whole situation was so odd Candy wondered if maybe it was a joke. She almost wanted to slap the popsicle out of the girl’s impossibly white hand to see what would happen, and because it freaked her out every time it was brought up for a lick.
“Did he bite you, Candy?”
Candy didn’t want to answer any more questions. She didn’t want to be around the vampire girl. With her eyes averted to the ground, she nodded. Anastasia gently took her chin in one hand and turned her head to the side. She brushed the hair from Candy’s neck.
“Tell me what happened,” Anastasia said.
Candy breathed deeply and set her resolve to get this over with.
“It’s hard to remember,” she said. “I was charmed. I didn’t know what I was doing. He bit me and then someone came to help. I don’t remember much else. All I know is he’s completely insane. He’s been trying to find me ever since.”
“Interesting,” Anastasia said. “I assume, if you’re here of your own free will, that you didn’t climax?”
“Hey! You don’t need to ask such personal questions,” Jimmy said.
Anastasia’s fierce, liquid eyes blazed at him. “I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t pertinent. I ask because that’s a means through which vampires enthrall humans, and the English are particularly notorious for it.”
Jimmy pulled Candy back to his side, ready to do the talking once again. “What can we do about this? Is there anything you can do?” he said.
Anastasia ignored him. “It’s no mystery why he wants you so badly.” She smiled, showing little white fangs. “Your blood is like candy to us.”
Jimmy and White Paul passed questioning glances to each other, but no one was more intrigued than Candy. Jimmy asked, “What do you mean?”
“There was a time when I would have paid a hefty price for someone like you,” the vampire said, smiling and licking her lips, her tongue stained red from the popsicle. “Maybe I still would.”
“I thought they didn’t drink human blood,” White Paul said to Medium Dave in a whisper everyone heard. 
Anastasia’s otherwise soft voice boomed in the high ceilinged antechamber. “We don’t. I was merely trying to illustrate a point. Her blood is irresistible to our kind.”
“Why?” Candy said.
Anastasia grinned as if the subject delighted her to no end. 
“A few reasons,” she said. “The vampires of old fooled the superstitious into believing in such things as celibacy. It’s a worldwide practice that goes back further than anyone can remember. Superstitious people were led to believe God cares how pure someone is, that He cares when and how people partake in the pleasures of the flesh.”
Anastasia tilted her head and closed her eyes as if she was lost in a fond memory. She let out a long sigh and then focused on Candy again. “You see,” she said, “blood ages like a fine wine. The longer it remains corked, the better it tastes.”
The Misfits glanced around at each other, unsure what exactly she was talking about. White Paul let out a little chuckle.
“Wait,” he said. “You mean she’s a virgin?”
Candy spun around and gave him a look of pure vitriol. “What’s it to you?”
“Nothing,” he said, smirking.
“That is precisely what I mean,” Anastasia purred.
“That doesn’t make any sense. Jimmy’s a virgin so why aren’t vampires after him?” White Paul said.
Jimmy glared at his friend, though the revelation didn’t surprise anyone.
“First,” Anastasia said, “it doesn’t work the same way with men. Second, shapeshifter blood tastes worse than piss. Do you know what piss tastes like?”
Candy scrunched her face at the thought. Medium Dave raised his hand.
“But none of that is what truly makes her blood so very special,” Anastasia continued. “A virgin at eighteen isn’t such a rare thing, even these days. It’s merely a compliment to something else within her veins. It’s the cherry atop the cheesecake. There’s more to her that makes vampires go crazy.”
Everyone watched the little goth girl intently, waiting to hear what made Candy so special. Anastasia looked over her shoulder towards the stairs and then she put her hand up as if waving someone down. Candy didn’t see anyone there.
“I have a plan,” Anastasia said. “Unfortunately, within the laws and customs of vampire society there’s nothing I can do to directly help. Rupert can claim your blood because he was the first and thus far the only to partake of it. According to our laws, you are his and his alone, you are his blood slave. I know, it’s an old and archaic custom, but that’s what we are. My hands are tied unless you untie them for me.”
Candy wanted to know what made her blood so special, but this whole thing about being a blood slave knocked her down mentally. She couldn’t get the terrifying implications out of her head.
“What do you mean?” she said. “What can I do?”
“Let my family claim you. If you do, I can call in a mediator to settle the matter. It’s the only thing I can do for you.”
“Wait a minute. No one’s claiming anyone,” Jimmy said.
Candy’s mind raced. The cogs turned and churned out the same word over and over again—blood slave. She couldn’t stand the thought of it; the darkening clouds when Rupert became angry; his grasp she couldn’t escape while he bit her neck; his repulsive voice on her phone, haunting her forever. She refused to let that happen again.
“I’ll do it,” she said.
Jimmy stammered, but under Anastasia’s stare he couldn’t get anything out.
“I’ll set it up. I’ll contact someone impartial to help with the situation,” Anastasia said. “Until then, you should remain guests in my home while this matter is settled. I’ll send down one of my sons to keep you entertained while I change into something more appropriate.”
Jimmy waited for the creepy girl to disappear up the stairs and then he exploded. “Are you insane? You don’t even know what this blood claim shit means. Why would you say yes?”
Candy snatched her hand away when he tried to take it, upset and thinking he had no right to talk to her that way. “Didn’t you hear her? There’s nothing else she can do. I’m not going to be that asshole’s slave.”
Jimmy tried to calm himself. He watched Candy for a long time with his hands on his hips. “I hope you’re right,” he said.
Candy didn’t say anything. She hoped she was right, too. She let him take her into his arms though she wanted nothing more than to be alone.
“Here’s the important question,” White Paul said. “Did anyone else pitch a tent while she worked that popsicle?”
“She’s like fourteen,” Candy said.
“Plus a couple hundred,” White Paul corrected.
Candy shuddered. “God, this is so creepy. Maybe you’re right, Jimmy. Maybe this is a mistake.”
“You guys are making a big deal out of nothing,” Medium Dave mumbled. “She’s cool. She’ll help us out.”
“She’s cool? She’s a freak,” Jimmy said. “You have some explaining to do.”
“Freak is right,” White Paul said with a broad grin. “That was a blood popsicle she was sucking on.”
“Blood popsicle?” Candy said, wondering how it could possibly get any stranger. “How do you know?”
White Paul tapped his nose. “I can smell if a bear shits in the woods a mile away. Call it one of my talents.”
“This is weird. That chick creeps me out. She’s younger than her son,” Jimmy said.
“They’re a blood family,” White Paul said. “She’s the mother, so that means she made the others. They’re all freaks if you ask me, worthy of nothing more than a bath over an open flame or a stake through the heart beneath the rising sun.”
Jimmy held his hand up. “Enough. I don’t like them any more than you but we need their help.”
“You mean Candy needs their help.”
“I need your help. You’re supposed to be my friend.”
White Paul glared at Candy and then he softened. “Sorry. My nerves are a little on edge.”
“We’re all on edge,” Jimmy said. “But they can’t be so bad. They openly invited us into their home, after all. If that doesn’t show they want to help I don’t know what does.”
“Just keep your guard up and don’t forget what Tinch taught us,” White Paul said.
One of the downstairs doors opened and a moment later Candy heard someone approaching. She felt Jimmy turn to see who it was and then she heard a new voice. “Hey, I’m Blake.” She lifted her head to introduce herself. Her mouth fell open but no words came out—Blake was hot.

Chapter Nine

Blake had the same dark hair as his blood mother, though his was short and messy. He also had the same eerie gray-blue eyes, but on him the odd glow was irresistible. Candy couldn’t keep from staring at his enticing, white-toothed smile. He looked no older than twenty and in the absolute prime of his life. She pushed away from Jimmy to introduce herself, offering her hand.
“I’m Candy. Nice to meet you.”
“Nice to meet you,” Blake said with a broad smile that threatened to make her swoon. “Nice to meet you as well,” he said to Jimmy.
Medium Dave and White Paul stared at the vampire with almost the same awe as Candy. It struck her that she may be falling into the same trap through which Rupert had charmed her, but she knew she had her wits about her. Blake was so good looking she couldn’t help herself. He had everything she liked in men right down to the perfect angles of his face. He was dressed casually in a blue shirt and jeans that showed off enough of his physique to pique a lady’s interest while keeping the rest a mystery.
“You’re Anastasia’s son?” Candy asked the gorgeous vampire.
“Of a sort. She’s my blood mother.”
“Ah,” Candy said in fascination. She hardly noticed Jimmy fuming at her side.
When Blake spoke, his voice resonated through the antechamber. “I’m to keep you entertained until Mother returns. Follow me into the den if you will, please.”
Candy tried to move to his side as he headed to one of the doors at the back of the antechamber, but Jimmy caught her by the hand. “Stay at my side,” he whispered. “Remember what we told you. They’re vampires. Don’t forget what one of them already did to you.”
His words were a slap across the face; the slap back into reality Candy needed. She nodded, but she didn’t want Jimmy holding her hand. Blake led them through a door into a glorified living and entertainment room. Five huge flat panel televisions lined two of the walls, each with an assortment of electronics and speakers. On the other side of the room were two pool tables, and there were even two bowling lanes set into the wall.
There weren’t any windows. Now that Candy thought about it, she didn’t remember seeing any windows on the inside of the antechamber, which was odd because she had seen plenty on the outside of the mansion. Blake stepped onto the thick carpet that covered the floor from wall to wall and then he extended his arm out as a gesture of invitation. White Paul and Medium Dave marveled over the televisions and electronics as if they had died and gone to Heaven.
“There’s plenty to do,” Blake said. “We have a basketball and tennis court in the back as well.” He strolled a little further into the room. The guys, including Jimmy, took tentative steps, their eyes full of wonder. “The couches are comfortable if anyone needs a nap.”
“Holy cow,” White Paul said in a small voice as he approached the electronics. “Look at the size of that television. What game system is that?”
“It’s a prototype from Japan. It blows everything else out of the water and looks amazing in high definition,” Blake said.
Blake turned on the television and game system, and then told them to have at it. When the game menu popped up Candy thought the perfectly proportioned Japanese girl wearing a yellow bikini was real rather than a graphical representation of every boy’s fantasy. White Paul and Medium Dave gazed at it for a long time before they bothered picking up the controllers. Even Jimmy wandered over to watch the Japanese girl smile amiably while blowing kisses streaming with red hearts.
Blake leaned his head down into Candy’s field of vision. She hadn’t realized she’d been goggling at the video game as well even though she didn’t care for such things.
“Want to play a game of pool?” he said.
“Sure.”
Blake fetched a pool stick for each of them and then racked up nine balls on the red felt table. “You have some interesting friends.”
“Who?” Candy had become lost in his motions while he set up the game. “Oh, yeah. Sure.”
“You break.”
Candy had only played pool a couple of times with one of her old boyfriends and she didn’t remember many of the rules aside from the obvious ones. She put the cue ball close to the back rail and tried to hit it as hard as she could. She managed to make contact but when the cue ball struck the rack it didn’t make much of a spread.
“Not bad.” Blake lined up his shot on the one-ball. “I have to warn you I’m pretty good. I whoop my brothers and sister regularly.”
“How many brothers and sisters do you have?”
“A few.” He sunk the billiard into the corner pocket he had called. The cue ball drew back for a perfect shot on the two-ball into a side pocket. “Where are you from?”
“A small town near Gardner. It’s a nowhere, nothing town about two hours from Boston.”
“I’ve been around there before. I like it; it has an old New England feel,” Blake said.
Candy smiled even though she didn’t completely agree with his assessment of her home town area. She couldn’t take her eyes away from him as he lined up his shot. The way his soft eyes gleamed in the lighting while he leaned over the table made them seem almost silver.
“It’s not so bad I guess,” she said. “It’s just nothing like the cities.”
Candy suspected that Blake missed his next shot on purpose. He leaned against the back wall with the cue stick in one hand while gazing at her, his face solemn and pleasant. 
“I’m sorry about what happened to you,” he said. “Not all vampires are like that you know.”
Something about that jarred Candy out of her schoolgirl crush. She tried to force a smile and ended up looking down at the table. She hadn’t put much thought into him being a vampire. Her stomach lurched as everything came into perspective. She glanced over her shoulder at the others, who were completely absorbed in the video game they were playing. All of the warnings she had heard from Tinch and the Misfits rang clearly in her mind. Vampires have a way of getting whatever they want. Don’t ever trust a vampire. Don’t ever believe a word they say.
Candy pursed her lips, setting her resolve. “The only thing I know is a vampire forced himself on me. What he did was wrong. He tried to take it from me and I couldn’t even say no.”
Blake gave a grim nod. “He deserves to be punished.”
“Will he be?”
“I’ll make sure of it.”
Candy didn’t know what to think or if she believed him. She had to admit that Blake and Chester didn’t seem anything at all like Rupert and Vivian. Even Anastasia seemed more normal. Not human, because that was the last thing the freaky little girl seemed, but she had come off as genuinely concerned. The Mullins had taken Candy and her friends into their house and offered to help when they didn’t have to.
Candy figured she should at least be respectful so long as her hosts did the same. And, no matter how much she wanted to fight it, no matter how completely strange it was, she couldn’t deny her attraction to this gorgeous vampire. Actually, it wasn’t that strange at all considering this kind of thing always happened in stories. But to a Catholic raised girl, the idea of attraction to a vampire, to something that fed on people and was supposed to be evil, it just didn’t sit right.
The conflictions in her mind only raised more questions. Evil or not, right or wrong, Blake intrigued her and she wanted to know more about this world she never knew a thing about before.
“How long have you been a vampire?”
Blake laughed. “That’s a very personal question.”
“I’m eighteen. What’s so personal about it?” Candy said.
Blake studied her for a moment, seemingly unsure as to what he should say. “Long enough,” he said.
She could see he wasn’t going to make this easy. “Is it true your family doesn’t drink human blood?”
“Yes.”
“Have you ever . . . ?”
His beautiful eyes lingered on her for a long moment, studying her, drinking her up. “I’d be lying if I said no, but I only drink human blood when I need to. And I never hurt anyone.”
Candy wasn’t sure she liked that answer. She turned away from him and leaned against the pool table. The Misfits were playing a volleyball game against each other as bikini clad, giggling girls with very bouncy breasts. Jimmy never once looked over his shoulder.
“I hope you won’t judge all of us because of one bad apple. It’s hardly fair,” Blake said. “I’ve seen a werewolf tear a man apart before. I don’t assume they are all that way.”
“First impressions are powerful,” Candy said, her eyes lingering on Jimmy. She wanted to be closer to him. “Werewolves saved me.”
She caught a brief flash of light across the room near a corner of the ceiling. Blake put his cue stick on the table. “We’re needed in the main hall,” he said loud enough for everyone to hear. “If you will all follow me, please.”
The boys were disappointed they had to turn off the video game. Jimmy and White Paul walked over to Candy while Medium Dave made his way to where Blake waited at the door.
“Shame he’s a vampire,” White Paul said. “This is an awesome crib.”
Jimmy had a worried if not accusatory expression as he moved close to Candy’s side. “He the kind of pretty guy you usually take a liking to?” He held up a hand before she could protest. “Just don’t forget why we’re here.”
He joined the others near the door, leaving Candy angry and a little upset. Blake waited for her, his eyes heavy with sympathy. She walked past him without a word into the antechamber.
Anastasia had said she was going to get dressed into something more appropriate, but she looked like even more of a tramp than before. In the style of frivolous southern girls, she was wearing a shirt tied well above her naval, revealing a midriff so white it looked painted. She had also put on frayed blue jean shorts that showed the entire length of her pale legs. Her hair was now pulled back in a short pony tail and she had on red lipstick along with blue eyeliner.
Everyone gawked at her, no one more so than White Paul. Blake didn’t seem to notice or care as he strolled over to his mother’s side. Anastasia was skinny and terribly white, and now that she had taken off all of the dark makeup she looked like a porcelain doll. She could have stood perfectly still and passed for a statue.
“Wonderful,” said the vampire girl. “A contact of mine will be here momentarily, a nice Englishman who knows better than I how to go about handling Rupert and his family. Before he arrives we need to get our stories straight.”
“What do you mean?” Jimmy said.
“I have put some thought into this. We must claim Candy, it’s the only way to nullify Rupert’s claim. She has been a friend of the family for several months now. More specifically, a friend of Blake’s—a close friend. That’s the story.”
Jimmy crossed his arms and glared at the pair of vampires.
“Tonight, Blake will make it official,” Anastasia said.
“Make what official?” both Candy and Jimmy asked in unison. His voice had more than a touch of anger on it.
“That she’s claimed unto him,” Anastasia said with a nod to her son. “Candy will be Blake’s and no other can touch her without his consent.”
Candy turned to Jimmy. While they silently debated with their eyes, the room fell into silence. White Paul leered at Anastasia, unconcerned about everything else, while Medium Dave looked around at all of the decor, including a white marble sculpture of a nude Greek or Roman woman. Silence stretched on, and while the situation ate away at both Candy and Jimmy, it didn’t seem to bother Anastasia in the least. She waited patiently with a pleasant smile.
“I don’t think so,” Jimmy said at last. “I don’t like the sound of this ‘claim’ stuff. I don’t know what it means and we’re not just going to agree to it.”
“It’s nothing more than a formality in this case,” Anastasia said. “A front, if you will, so Rupert cannot make the same claim, which for him will not be a formality.”
Candy and Jimmy looked into each other’s eyes again, searching for answers, searching for what they should do. As far as she was concerned, there wasn’t any other choice, and by the look on his face, he didn’t have any other options. She squeezed his hand. He needed to understand this was the only way, that she wouldn’t let Rupert take her.
“Okay,” she said.
Jimmy remained distrustful of the whole situation, but he conceded with a slight nod. Blake then stepped forward towards Candy—halfheartedly, she thought.
“To make it official, he has to partake of your blood,” Anastasia said.
“Wait a minute!” Jimmy stepped between Candy and the vampires. “We’re not doing it like this. She’s been traumatized and you want to make her relive that? You’re insane.”
“It’s the only way,” Anastasia said with a glance at Jimmy. “All Blake needs is a tiny amount of blood from her wrist. He will be gentle and it won’t take more than a few seconds. We have no intention of making her relive any trauma.”
Everyone turned their heads to the door when the bells rang. Jimmy didn’t budge from his position. Candy was glad. She was having some serious second thoughts about agreeing. She didn’t like the sound of Blake biting her no matter how Anastasia tried to spin it. At least she thought she didn’t like the sound of it; her body reacted in a completely different manner. Now she thought she’d like to see how it felt this time around. She wanted to see if it would feel good again and it didn’t seem like such a bad thing to have Blake—beautiful, gorgeous Blake—take a tiny taste from her wrist.
“What about that blood slave stuff? You said it yourself,” Jimmy said.
“The wrist is less potent than the more sexually charged areas like the neck,” Anastasia said, her eyes going to the door. The bells rang again. “There’s no risk of a powerful bond. We are running out of time. Given the circumstances and time restraints, there are no other options. Rupert will have the right to remove Candy from my home or anywhere else.”
Candy nodded when Jimmy turned to her, and then he stepped aside.
Blake held his hand out. “This will be quick. I promise there won’t be any emotion attached. You can trust me, Candy.”
Candy put her hand in his and he turned her palm face up, exposing the veins. She turned her head and closed her eyes. She heard both Jimmy and White Paul sigh, though it was more of a low growl from White Paul. She didn’t think they had any other choice.
The pain lanced up her arm.
Candy gasped and her eyes flew open as the pain cramped the muscles in her arm. The pain she wanted more of, the pain that felt so good. The pain she never wanted to go away surged into her shoulder, spreading its electric fingers throughout the rest of her body. Her abdomen tingled, radiating warmth, feeling like . . . there was no way she could explain the feeling. There seemed to be nothing else in the world with which she could make a correlation.
She must have closed her eyes again. When she blinked them open, Blake was gently kissing the wound on her wrist. His tongue flicked over the tiny punctures and the sensation in her abdomen flared back to life. He had to catch her in his arms otherwise she would have fallen to the marble floor. Jimmy rushed over and took her away from him. Blake didn’t offer any resistance.
“No,” Anastasia said. “Blake must introduce Candy as his own. They have to be together to make it authentic.”
Jimmy let go of her, but not before he made sure she was okay. Candy nodded, and then her face went red when she realized everyone in the room had watched the intimate transaction between her and Blake. It made her feel like a whore on display. Blake put his arm around her shoulder and whispered that everything was okay. Anastasia opened the door.
“Nigel,” she said. “Please, come in.”
White Paul said loud enough for Candy and Blake to hear, “So much for them not drinking human blood. Never trust a vampire, I say.”

Chapter Ten

Nigel didn’t look anything like a vampire. He only vaguely passed as American with his tweed jacket patched at the elbows over a sweater vest and with his handmade leather loafers, but the last thing Candy would have suspected from him would be fangs and a craving for blood. He looked like a pleasant man who might be seen hosting a show about gardening in a quaint voice on BBC.
Anastasia looked like a vampire. Everything about her gave off an unnatural vibe. Her voice, her mannerisms, and her young body sent chills into nearby spines. Even Blake carried that vibe to a degree. Nigel, however, looked like he might be the overly enthusiastic professor of poetry at a local community college.
“Right nice night it is,” Nigel said, his British accent not nearly as heavy or obnoxious as that of Rupert or Vivian. He took off his jacket and draped it over his arm. “You have a lovely home, Anna dear.”
“Thank you. And thank you again for coming all the way out on such short notice,” Anastasia said.
“Not a bother. Anything for you, Anna.”
Nigel took the time to give everyone in the room some of his attention. He smiled and nodded at Blake and then his eyes passed quickly over the Misfits until he got to Medium Dave where he paused for a moment. One of his brows perked up as if perhaps he knew him, and then he turned his attention to Candy. He didn’t smile or anything before he turned back to Anastasia.
“This must be the girl you spoke of,” he said. “Quite exquisite I should say. I’ve always had a fondness for American girls, especially the blondes. Marilyn Monroe got my blood pumping right good she did. I think it’s the Germanic blood. I suppose that’s one good thing to come out of that miserable part of the world.”
“Indeed,” Anastasia said. “This is the lovely Candy.”
A goofy grin played over Nigel’s face. “Candy? That’s a fitting name if ever I heard one. She’s eye candy right and so she is.”
Candy had been used to having Jimmy at her side and she forgot it was Blake’s hand she held when she squeezed. It hadn’t taken long for Nigel to make himself seem more like the rest of the vampires she had thus far encountered. She wondered if they all spoke unabated about whatever they thought regardless of who was around to hear. She heard White Paul whisper to Jimmy, “This guy’s a nut bag.”
“Who’s that?” Nigel said, leaning his head to and fro so he could see past Candy and Blake. “Don’t think I’ve ever been called a nut bag before. What exactly does that mean?”
Anastasia glared at the Misfits. “Eccentric,” she said.
Nigel nodded thoughtfully. “I never did get the hang of American slang and colloquialism. They said the queerest things in the latter eighteen hundreds.”
Anastasia took a couple of steps back so she could have everyone in front of her. Her youthful voice filled the antechamber. “Why don’t we get started? I’d like to get your opinion on a recent problem my son and some of his friends have run into with an Englishman.”
“Fill me in.”
Medium Dave yawned and propped his elbow on the hip of a statue made in the likeness of a nude goddess. He rested his head against his hand during the boring conversation. Blake kept Candy close at his side. He put his arm around her shoulder to continue the charade that they were lovers. The sour expression Jimmy didn’t bother to hide showed what he thought, though Blake didn’t seem to care.
“Candy and my son have been seeing each other for quite some time now,” Anastasia said in her dainty voice. “They’ve been waiting for the right time to make it official. You know how it is with kids these days.”
Nigel nodded while everyone else pondered her use of “kid” in regard to someone other than herself.
“Regardless, she has recently come into today’s standard of adulthood and now she and Blake are ready to be united,” Anastasia said.
“Congratulations,” Nigel said with a wink to the couple.
“Yes, but there’s a problem. An Englishman by the name of Rupert came upon Candy last night when she was alone. He charmed her and I can only assume he did so without knowing she belonged to someone else. It’s all a big misunderstanding.”
“That it sounds,” said Nigel. “Of course I’m quite familiar with Rupert’s family. This should be easy enough to sort out. I assume you’ve already spoken with one of them on the matter?”
“Not exactly,” Anastasia said. “There are complications. Rupert has been trying to claim her.”
Nigel rubbed his chin. “He didn’t bite her, did he?” When Anastasia nodded, he puffed out a dramatic breath and said, “Oh, well that changes everything, makes an argument against them a bit more difficult, it does.”
“My son made his official claim tonight. She’s rightfully his,” Anastasia said.
“I see your problem, but the law says otherwise if Rupert drank from her first.”
“Yes, that is our problem, which is why I called in the most charming man on both sides of the Queen’s pond,” Anastasia said with a smile that had Nigel grinning broadly. “Is there anything you can do to help? I would hate for this to escalate any further than it already has.”
“I can’t make any promises. If Lord Kingsley was around I’m sure I could talk some sense into him, but kids these days can be so difficult. I’ll ring Hayden Kingsley and see what he has to say on the matter. If he won’t keep his brother in line, I can call in a favor with the Magister to hear a case on your behalf.”
Anastasia quirked up a single brow. “The Magister? Do you think that will be necessary?”
“It’s your best bet. If Hayden refuses, you’ll need official mediation. Otherwise, you’ll have to hand the girl over.”
Anastasia nodded. “I’d be much obliged.”
“I’ll ring them now.” Nigel pulled out a cell phone from his jacket pocket. “Afterwards, you can return the favor. I’m quite ravenous, and I’d like to wet my wick, if you know what I mean.”
Anastasia laughed and looked at the others who, with perhaps the exception of White Paul, hadn’t a clue what he was talking about. “I’ll make arrangements,” she said. “In the mean time, you can get to know my son and his lady friend a little better.”
Anastasia started to make her way out of the room. Then she turned back and addressed Jimmy. “Oh, there’s a black wolf nosing around outside. I have my men on standby, but they’re itching to test out their silver bullets. You wouldn’t happen to know this beast, would you?”
Jimmy and White Paul shared uncomfortable glances with each other. Jimmy swallowed his pride and said, “I know him. I’d be grateful if you didn’t shoot him.”
Anastasia flashed a triumphant smile and then exited the room.
“I’ve got to hand it to you,” White Paul told Blake. “Your mother is one weird, little freak.”
Blake’s gray eyes flashed with anger. “Watch your tongue and remember whose house you’re in. Remember who needs help.”
“Yeah, I’ll remember. You have all of my gratitude. As my gracious host could you please direct me to the bathroom?”
Blake inclined his head to a door beneath the stairs on the left. White Paul headed over to it. With Nigel off looking at art on the walls while talking on his phone, Jimmy moved over to take Candy’s hand. Blake gave him a glare of warning.
“Remember our goal,” he said. “Nigel must believe she’s mine.”
“You’d like that wouldn’t you?” Jimmy said.
“She’d be better off, that’s for sure.”
Jimmy clenched his fists. Candy stepped between them.
“Cut it out. Blake’s only trying to help us,” she said.
Jimmy stormed off and plopped down next to Medium Dave on a silky red couch. He crossed his arms and glowered.
“He’s not my boyfriend,” Candy said.
“It certainly seems that way.”
“Well, he’s not. As a matter of fact, the more I get to know him the more he gets on my nerves. This is the kind of drama I wanted to leave behind in school.”
Blake studied her for a moment, his face passive, and then a small smile crept over his lips.
“What?” she said.
“You have to be one of the most intriguing women I’ve ever met,” he said. He shook his head, choosing his words carefully. “It’s hard to believe someone as attractive as you is still a virgin.”
“I don’t want to talk about that.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean it in a bad way or anything. I think you’re admirable. I only meant most girls come to an age when they realize the power they have and they use it. I find you interesting because of how little you’re like everyone else.”
Candy wasn’t unfamiliar with what he meant—she used her God-given assets to great effect, she just had some self-respect. Their conversation was interrupted when White Paul came back into the room and joined Jimmy and Medium Dave at the couch. A moment later, Nigel strolled over to join them as well.
“I should tend to my guests,” Blake said. “Even if they don’t like me, I have only their best interest in mind.”
Candy nodded and they headed over to the others. It looked like Nigel was questioning Medium Dave; the poor boy’s face was flushed and both White Paul and Jimmy glanced back and forth between the two of them.
“. . . are you sure you’re not that crimson shower chap?” Nigel was saying.
Medium Dave shook his head emphatically and he didn’t appear happy about whatever Nigel was going on about. Nigel narrowed his eyes, clearly suspicious.
“You look just like him. The resemblance is uncanny.”
Blake stepped in to stop Nigel’s badgering, asking his guests if they needed anything. White Paul asked if there was anything to drink.
“Yes, in the kitchen,” Blake said. “Quite a few mortals work here so I’m sure we can find something for you.”
Blake started towards a door to show White Paul the way. In an attempt to get away from Nigel, Medium Dave jumped up to join them. When Candy saw the look on Jimmy’s face she knew she’d better not be around to hear whatever rant he was about to go on once everyone else had cleared the room.
“I need to use the bathroom,” she said.
As she walked towards the door White Paul had gone down earlier, she heard Nigel saying something to Jimmy about the fine piece of tail Blake had found for himself. She imagined Jimmy was ready to explode. She hurried down the hall to the bathroom so she wouldn’t have to hear anything else.
She was thinking about the whole messed up situation. Just last week, she had gone barhopping in Springfield with her friends. The thought that there could have been vampires there sent chills along her skin. It wasn’t long ago when she was worried about passing her final exams and now she was worried about vampires and lycanthropes. It wasn’t long ago when she had to decide between Aaron, star of the basketball team or Justin, the best lacrosse forward in decades. Now she was surrounded by werewolves and vampires.
It dawned on her that she had been thinking all of this over ever since she first laid eyes on Blake. And why shouldn’t she have? Blake was hot; did it matter if he was a vampire? It should have. What Rupert did was unspeakable, unforgivable, but oddly enough it still didn’t matter. She shook her head and flipped on the light switch in the bathroom. She hardly had time to appreciate the rose granite counters and brass faucets when she stopped dead in her tracks. A dreadful smell like something had died in there nearly knocked her off her feet. She had to clamp her hands over her nose and mouth. She stepped in cautiously, and then she screamed.
She hurried out of the bathroom. Jimmy had already sprinted most of the way down the hall and he took her in his arms before he was hit with the foul odor. He reeled, stepping back into the hall, nearly knocking Nigel over.
“Are you okay?” Jimmy said, gagging. “What in the name of God is that smell?”
Nigel pushed past them into the bathroom. “Fuck me that’s a whopper!”
Jimmy leaned in and peered at the toilet. His eyes grew wide.
“Bloody hell, are those teeth?” Nigel said. “What are you yanks eating?”
From behind Candy, White Paul said in a somewhat apologetic tone, “I ate a horse last night.”
“A horse?” Nigel said, his voice pitched in disbelief. “A whole bloody horse?”
“Yeah—”
“You ate its head?”
“I was hungry!”
Candy dared another glance inside the bathroom, to the toilet on the far side of the wall. She couldn’t help herself, it was like seeing something amazing for the first time except this was the exact opposite of amazing. There were definitely teeth embedded in it. Candy had to look away before she gagged, and then she and Jimmy both turned to White Paul, her with disgust and Jimmy with undiluted anger.
Blake’s footsteps echoed down the hall. Scooting between Nigel and White Paul, his eyes widened when he got a good look inside the bathroom. He took a tentative step closer, his eyes refusing to believe, and then he quickly clasped his hands over his mouth. As he hunched over, everyone began taking steps away from him.
“You feeling well, chap?” Nigel asked him.
A sick rumbling filled Blake’s chest, making him sound hollowed inside. He hunched over even more and then blood spurted between his fingers. He couldn’t hold it back any longer and when he removed his hands a torrent of blood exploded from his mouth.
Everyone screamed and ran. With a glance over her shoulder, it looked to Candy as if Nigel was terrified for his life. White Paul and Jimmy sprinted past everyone else into the antechamber while Blake’s horrible groaning and explosive vomiting resounded all the way down the hall.
“Oh my God,” Candy said. “I think he’s dying!”
White Paul had the guilty look of a child who had done something really bad but didn’t know how bad it would turn out to be. Like playing with matches and then setting the house on fire. Jimmy stared down the hall in horrified silence while gut-wrenching heaves and groans echoed off the high ceiling of the antechamber, giving it the effect of surround sound.
“Go help him!” Candy said.
Jimmy looked at her like she was crazy. “I’m not going down there,” he said.
“Damn it!” 
Candy moved cautiously down the hall, cringing each time Blake gasped for breath. As she drew closer, she could see the walls and ceiling dripping with blood. Her eyes watered and she had to slap her hands over her mouth before she lost her dinner. She saw him ahead doubled over and holding onto the doorframe. He looked half dead.
“Are you okay?”
Blake lifted his head. Blood dripped from his nose and chin, and down from his eyes. He didn’t look okay at all.

Chapter Eleven

Blake took his guests into a room next to the den and they all sat in silence around a long table that could have seated three times as many people. There were shelves of books along the walls, making Candy think it served the purpose of both a library and a conference room. 
Blake slouched down in his chair. His skin was ashen white and his eyes sunken and purple, which gave Candy the eerie feeling that she was sitting next to a corpse. Jimmy sat on her left glaring across the table at White Paul, who hadn’t lifted his head once.
“Bloody good show,” Nigel said. “I haven’t been this entertained since that blood brothel I visited in Georgia during the summer of seventy-four. The whores did a fantastic recreation of a Civil War battle in assless chaps. They even had this bloke who looked so much like Abe Lincoln I swear up and down it was really him. The girls all attacked him with bayonets until he raised his flag in surrender. And when I say his flag, I mean his tallywhacker.”
Nigel chuckled and slapped his knee while everyone stared at him. Blake lifted his head for a moment to narrow his eyes. Candy was genuinely concerned for their vampire host’s health.
“Is there anything you need? You look terrible,” she said.
Blake shook his head. “I’m fine. I just need to recuperate for a moment.”
“He expelled quite a bit of blood,” Nigel said. “I imagine he needs a refill. I’d pay quite generously to watch.” He winked at Candy.
“I’m fine,” Blake said, sitting up and looking around with a scowl. He growled a little as his narrowed eyes lingered on White Paul. “You’re my guests and I’m going to entertain you. Renaldo!”
An attractive man of Mediterranean descent with curly black hair came running into the room. The servant never lifted his eyes to anyone, and Candy didn’t want to imagine what Blake might have him do to entertain them.
“Fetch Monopoly,” Blake said. “And have Stephanie bring out drinks for the guests when she’s done with the bathroom.” When the servant turned to leave, Blake grabbed his arm. “Don’t mess it up. Two vampires and four humans.”
“Monopoly?” Jimmy said.
The news of Monopoly pleased Medium Dave.
“What’s wrong with Monopoly? It’s my favorite board game,” Blake said.
Jimmy rubbed his tired eyes. “Where’s Anastasia? I’d like to get this moving along.”
“My mother will be here when she’s ready. Until then you will be entertained.”
“I can hardly wait,” Jimmy said, making sure Blake saw his rolling eyes.
Candy leaned close to Jimmy and whispered, “I played Dungeons and Dragons with you and your friends. You can suffer through a game of Monopoly with me.”
Renaldo and another female servant came back into the room with a giant box. They put it on the floor and then opened it. Inside was a custom made Monopoly game that was so big they had to set it up in quadrants on the table. Candy watched with curiosity as Renaldo hung what looked like the inside of a cash register onto his shoulder so that it hung near his waist. And, appropriately enough, the slots were filled with colorful fake money. The manservant then plucked up one of the pure gold game pieces and offered it to Blake.
“Your battleship, Master Blake.”
“Thank you, Renaldo. You may place it on ‘GO.’ ”
Renaldo turned his attention to Candy. “And what piece does the lady prefer?”
“Uh.” Candy had played Monopoly once when she was nine. “The dog?”
“Bloody good choice,” Nigel said. “Would you mind if I take the top hat?”
Renaldo passed out the starting money to each player as they chose their piece. Once that was done, he set the pieces on the giant “GO” space on the board. He picked up a pair of dice and offered them to Blake.
“I believe Master Blake has the honor of playing first,” he said.
Blake rolled the dice and Candy watched in horror as Renaldo, not Blake, who didn’t budge from his seat in the least, moved his master’s game piece forward on the board. She and the Misfits (with the exception of Medium Dave) looked aghast at one another. White Paul was ready to explode with a snide comment. She suspected he wanted to rage, but held back because he felt so bad about what he did to the bathroom.
“I’ll purchase,” Blake said.
Renaldo nodded and removed the appropriate amount of money from Blake’s stack and then he put the property card in front of him. Blake watched on with a satisfied grin while Candy, Jimmy, and White Paul didn’t bother to hide their revulsion.
Jimmy leaned close to Candy. “You were saying?”
This carried on for nearly thirty minutes. Renaldo hurried around the table moving pieces, handing out cards, and taking money while the players did nothing other than roll dice. On his first turn White Paul had tried to move his own piece, but Renaldo smacked his hand. Candy couldn’t remember ever being this bored. White Paul had passed out after each of his last two turns and had to be woken up to roll the dice.
“You little bugger!” Nigel said, wagging a finger at Blake. “Hotels already? I suspect we shan’t last much longer.”
White Paul shot up from a deep sleep. “What! Is it over?”
Finally, a maid came in to serve drinks. The two vampires were given a thick red liquid in a tall glass that Candy assumed was blood. Everyone else was given white wine. Candy gulped down half of it at once.
“You realize none of us are twenty-one, right?” Jimmy pointed out to Blake.
“You care about the arbitrary laws mortals come up with?” Blake said. “Have a drink. Relax and live a little.”
“Because this is the high life right here,” Jimmy countered with a wave at the Monopoly board. “Highly retarded.”
“Fine. What do you suggest we play?” Blake said. “How about a game of one on one at the basketball court?”
“Blake used to play in high school,” Medium Dave said. “He’d probably stomp you.”
Jimmy glared at him. “Thanks, Dave. I’m not playing basketball at one in the morning. I’m exhausted and I want this night to end.”
Blake aimed a wide grin at Candy. “That’s fine,” he said. “Let me know when you come up with something you can beat me at.”
“I don’t want to beat you. I don’t want to play you at anything. What I would like is for your mother to get back down here already.”
“I understand. If you’re scared say you’re scared,” Blake said.
“Scared? You think I’m afraid of a spoiled jerk who’s dressed by his fourteen year old mother? Please.”
Nigel leaned close to Medium Dave and said, “What’s up with these wankers?” Medium Dave shrugged.
“Name your game, then,” Blake said.
Jimmy looked to White Paul, who took Medium Dave’s stance and shrugged. “Fine,” Jimmy said. “Dungeons and Dragons. That’s my game.”
“Please God no,” Candy begged.
Blake burst into laughter. “Dungeons and Dragons? You mock Monopoly and basketball, but you want to play me at Dungeons and Dragons? Could you be any more of a pussy?”
Jimmy shot up from his chair and pointed a finger. “Shut your fucking mouth!”
The manservant and Medium Dave flinched, while Nigel leaned back with his hands behind his head in anticipation of a possible show.
“You no good vampires are the reason we’re here in the first place. You owe us your help,” Jimmy said.
Blake sprung up out of his chair. “You want to take this outside? Let’s show Candy who the real man is. I’ll rip your head off and have your asshole friend shit teeth down your neck!”
Candy buried her face in her hands.
Anastasia’s voice drifted into the room. Still in her southern harlot getup that made everyone uncomfortable, she strolled over to the table and took a seat on Medium Dave’s lap. Her eyes flashed over Jimmy and her son, who were both still standing and glaring at each other.
“Now, now, boys,” she said. “There’s no need to fight. What’s the problem?”
“Nothing, Mother. Just friendly competition,” Blake said.
“I’m sure,” Anastasia purred. She threw her arms around Medium Dave’s neck and nibbled his ear. “Why don’t we all sit back down and hear what the good Sir Nigel has to say?”
Jimmy glanced at Nigel and said, “I don’t care anymore. We can solve this problem ourselves. As a matter of fact, we’re leaving.” He held his hand out for Candy.
“How chauvinistic.” Anastasia frowned. “Why don’t we let Candy decide what she wants to do?”
Everyone turned their attention to Candy. She sighed and rubbed her eyes. She was exhausted and she didn’t want to deal with this anymore. The only thing she knew was she needed help and she wasn’t about to leave without first hearing what Nigel had to say. As much as she appreciated Tinch and the Misfits for everything they had done, it was clear they were out of their league when it came to Rupert and his family.
“We need their help. I need their help,” Candy said. “I understand if you want to go, Jimmy.” She looked at White Paul and Medium Dave. “If you all want to go I understand. It’s okay. This is my problem, not yours.”
Jimmy sat back down, his face twisted into a grimace.
“Very good,” Anastasia said from her place on Medium Dave’s lap, who was thoroughly enjoying her company. “Why don’t you tell us what you have set up, Nigel?”
“It would be my pleasure.” Nigel watched Anastasia and Medium Dave with a wide grin. “I got Hayden on the phone and as you might have guessed he has no intention of releasing the claim on Candy. He said Rupert wants her back, but I informed him that I believe you can legally contest his claim and that I would be contacting the Magister, which I did. This didn’t please Hayden at all. Nevertheless, I was able to set up a meeting between your family and his with the Magister. Tomorrow night an hour after sundown.”
“You’re a wonderful man.” Anastasia nuzzled Medium Dave’s neck. “I think we all owe Nigel our sincerest gratitude.”
“Thank you,” Blake said.
Jimmy grumbled his appreciation.
Anastasia stood up and moved to the head of the table behind her son and Candy.
“Tomorrow night at sundown it is,” she said. “Why don’t I show you out, Nigel? I can take you through the parlor on the way.”
Nigel stood up and took her hand. He gave everyone a cheerful wave before they left the room together.
“Holy shit you vampires are freaks,” White Paul said once they were out of the room.
Blake stood up and without a word he stormed off towards the kitchen with the manservant on his heels. White Paul tried to get a high five from Medium Dave. Candy had to force herself to ignore him before she yelled at him.
“This has to be one of the longest nights of my life,” she said.
“One thing’s for sure,” Jimmy said. “We’re not staying here tonight.”
“We can crash at my ’rents,” Medium Dave said.
Jimmy pursed his lips. “We don’t have much of a choice.”
“Are you sure about that? It seems really safe here,” Candy said.
Jimmy jammed the heels of his palms into his eyes. “I’m sure,” he said plainly, though his voice was laced with aggravation. “There’s no damn way in hell I’m staying in a vampire nest and neither are you.”
Candy crossed her arms. “Last time I checked you weren’t my father.”
“No, I’m not. I’m just the guy who saved your life.”
“Thank you Jimmy, how could I forget? I’m just the stupid girl who needs saving. I guess now I have to show my gratitude. Why don’t we go to the parlor? That’s what you want, right?”
“Can I come too?” White Paul said.
Jimmy whirled around on him. “You need to shut up! You tore the bathroom up on purpose, didn’t you? What’s wrong with you?”
“I didn’t, I swear.”
“You ate a whole horse! What did you expect?”
White Paul shrugged. Modesty never made extended visits with him. “It was most of a horse and I don’t regret it, that’s for sure. You have to admit that Blake the vampire puking his guts out will be a lasting memory.”
Jimmy turned back to Candy, not bothering with trying to talk sense to his friend anymore. “Listen. I truly appreciate the help they’re offering but they’re still vampires. We can’t stay here, Candy. Don’t forget what we told you.”
“He’s right. We’ll be safe at Dave’s place for a day. We can get some badly needed rest and then come back at sundown,” White Paul said.
They were right. Candy didn’t have much choice other than to agree. As they made their way into the antechamber, Blake came from the kitchen to escort his guests out. He offered to have his driver give them a ride, but they told him friends were waiting to pick them up. This didn’t seem to surprise him and he watched as they walked down the driveway, which took nearly ten minutes to traverse. The gate opened as they approached.
Something rustled in the brush across the road. Candy nearly had a heart attack, though none of the guys were worried when a black wolf slipped into view from between some bushes. The wolf’s hard, amber eyes passed over Candy as it trotted into the open. Then it stepped up onto its hind legs and in one fluid motion changed into a naked Were-Jew. Candy had to avert her gaze away from him.
“They spotted me,” he said. “They have surveillance all over the place and guards on both levels of the balconies, as well as on the roof. Half a dozen from my count on the outside, all armed and sporting some good tech. At least a few of them had night vision. These vampires take their security seriously.”
“Yeah, we know they spotted you. Consider yourself lucky,” Jimmy said.
“Please,” Were-Jew said with a self-assured grin. “Their blasters aren’t nearly accurate enough. What happened in there?”
“We’ll fill you in later,” Jimmy said. “Where’s our ride?”
Headlights appeared down the road. The SUV rolled up with Felicia behind the wheel. She looked exhausted. Were-Jew squirmed into a pair of pants in the back seat.
Candy fell asleep while Jimmy gave his friends the rundown of what happened. She was only vaguely aware that she was leaning into him with her head rested on his chest as she drifted off.

Chapter Twelve

Felicia drove the SUV back to the parking garage. The Mullin mansion was out in the country beyond the borders of suburbia and it took nearly an hour to navigate back to the city. Candy nodded off several times during the ride. When she woke up she saw everyone else was in the same state of drowsiness. She got into the Pinto with Jimmy and Medium Dave after they told others they’d see them back at the house.
The city was mostly silent and barren at nearly three in the morning. Medium Dave got into the back seat and fell asleep right away. Candy decided she’d drive since Jimmy looked exhausted. They didn’t say anything to each other.
That suited Candy just fine because she had a lot to mull over. She thought she might have been too hasty in her decisions earlier, most notably in allowing Blake to take some of her blood. Then again, when she had dozed off, it was his whispers she heard, not Rupert’s, which was a huge relief. She hadn’t slept long enough to truly dream, but there was something going on in her drowsy mind with Blake. She wondered if the Mullins knew it would work out that way.
She was fairly certain she remembered the way back to Medium Dave’s place so she didn’t bother Jimmy when he fell asleep in the passenger’s seat. The city streets were mostly empty anyway and she didn’t have any problems finding the way back to the highway. She wasn’t quite sure which street to take from there until she saw a Burrito Trumpet up ahead she remembered seeing earlier. Her stomach grumbled. Felicia had given her ten dollars at the mega-store, and though it was supposed to be for emergencies she figured she could stop to get a super combo pack of burritos for everyone. She slowed down and pulled into the drive thru.
Burrito Trumpet was one of the few fast-food joints that stayed open past midnight. There was usually a long line of drunken idiots, but as Candy pulled up to the order board she noticed the place was practically empty of customers. The Pinto was the only car in the drive thru. Static and a garbled voice came through the speaker on the order board.
“Welcome to Burrito Trumpet, what’s your desire?”
“Can I get a twenty pack of combination burritos?”
“Drive around.”
Candy frowned; he hadn’t given her the total, but she knew it was a little under ten bucks for that particular combination pack. She pulled around to the pickup window and started digging in her handbag. When an employee came to the window with her order she reached out to hand him the money.
“Hello, love.”
Candy’s eyes went wide. Rupert leaned through the window with a wicked grin. He was wearing a red and black checkered uniform stained with blood.
“You want any hot or mild sauce? I bet you like it hot.”
Candy could only stare at him. Her eyes widened in terror when she saw the interior of the store behind him. A young man in a Burrito Trumpet uniform was sprawled over the counter in a pool of blood.
She pushed the gear into drive and slammed her foot on the gas pedal. The Pinto hit the curb and went up onto the grass, jostling Jimmy awake. Half asleep, he grabbed the dashboard for dear life and yelled, “What’s going on?”
Candy pulled hard on the steering wheel in an attempt to get the car out of the grass and onto the street. “Rupert! He’s in there!”
Jimmy turned to look out the back window. A loud crash sent the Pinto spinning, throwing him about. Candy slammed into the door and lost her grip on the steering wheel. She didn’t have time to regain control and steer away from the sharp curve ahead. She snapped forward when the car violently swerved into a ditch and came to a halt. Jimmy was lucky; his side of the car smashed into the wall of the ditch. A little bit of blood trickled down from the side of his head.
“You okay?” Jimmy said.
Candy opened her eyes. She had to hold her hand in front of her face to block out the headlights from an idling car on the road directly in front of them. Jimmy took hold of her arm to see if she was hurt. She winced.
“Shit, your arm may be broken.”
Candy didn’t hear him. She watched the other car that had run them off the road. The driver door opened. Though she had a hard time seeing through the high beams, she knew it was Vivian who stepped out by the silhouette of his long hair and crooked nose. He took quick steps towards the decommissioned Pinto.
Candy fumbled with the seat belt. “Shit!”
Jimmy turned and matched her curse. His side of the Pinto had settled against the ditch, rendering his door impossible for escape. Candy pushed against her door but it was jammed. Jimmy stretched over her and tried to force it open with his legs. It didn’t budge. She tried for the window roller only to find there wasn’t one.
A metallic pop sent ringing through her ears. Vivian ripped her door off the hinges and then flung it into the ditch. Candy screamed as he snatched her out of the car.
Jimmy reached for her. “Candy!”
The crazy British vampire unceremoniously dumped her on the side of the road where it sloped down into the ditch. She tried to back away from him but he kept walking circles around her.
“Leave us alone!”
Vivian went back to the Pinto and snagged Jimmy out by his shirt, tossing him over the ditch as if he was nothing more than a toy. Jimmy hit the ground hard next to Candy. Vivian then tore the back door part way off the hinges and leaned in, trying to pull Medium Dave out as well.
“Why’d you go and knock them into a bloody ditch?” Rupert said. He was still wearing the checkered red and black uniform. “You could have hurt the girl, you idiot. Get down here.”
Vivian gave up trying to fish the last kicking Misfit out of the car. With a crazed smile showing off his fangs, he went to stand over Jimmy.
“It’s like you’re trying to avoid me,” Rupert said. “You’re not trying to avoid me, are you?”
When Jimmy tried to stand up, Vivian kicked him back down. Candy yelled and Rupert lifted her up by her sore arm. Smacking his chest did no good. He took hold of her chin so she had to face him. He was far too strong and the only thing she could do was close her eyes.
“I don’t like the way you’ve been avoiding me,” he said. “Why do you torment me like this?”
“You’re an asshole! You have no right to do this to us!”
“I have no right? You tease me, you shake all of your desirables in my face and then you run away. You had no right to tempt me with the sweetest blood of all.”
“I didn’t tease you with anything. You took it. You tricked me!”
Rupert ignored her accusations. “I’m disappointed in you. How could you do this to me? How could you go to the Mullins? Now you’ve caused a big fuss, Candy. And it’s all because of these shapeshifters.”
Rupert looked past her and laughed when Jimmy cried out. Candy hated the sight of his fangs and she was glad when he turned her around, until she saw Vivian holding Jimmy off the ground by his underwear at full arm’s length. Jimmy’s face practically glowed red as he spun several feet in the air. Each time he cried out in pain both of the Brits howled with laughter.
“Let him go!”
Rupert wrapped an arm around her chest so she couldn’t get to Jimmy; she had to stand there watching him spin in the air by his underwear. Vivian then bounced his arm up and down, prompting the tortured Misfit to scream again, his face splotching deep purple. The vampires were breathless.
“Bloody good wedgie!” Rupert howled. “What do you think of your boyfriend now?”
“You’re cowards.” Candy feared they would do much worse to Jimmy than humiliate him. Tears welled in her eyes.
“Come now. Is this really what you want?” Rupert said. “Look at him, he’s pathetic. Why doesn’t he change into a wolf? He’s nothing, Candy. But that doesn’t matter anymore because you belong to me. I have you now.”
A new voice echoed out into the night, “Leave them alone. This is my family’s domain and you’re not welcome here.”
Blake stepped into view from behind the glaring headlights. Both British vampires twisted around to see who it was. They scowled and showed off their fangs. Seeing Blake standing there alone, Vivian dropped Jimmy on his face, grinning and rubbing his hands together.
“’E din’ invoit us! Bes’ we run ‘long,” the crazy vampire said.
“What are you going to do, Blakey Boy?” Rupert said with a grin. “Your whore of a mother’s not here to save you.”
Candy crawled over to Jimmy while he dug the underwear out of his crack. She noticed his eyes had changed color to a golden hue and he looked like he was about to flip out. She leaned down close to him.
“You have to change. Jimmy, do you hear me?”
Focus returned to his eyes. He glanced up at the vampires. “I can’t,” he said. “I’m shift shy.”
Candy gawked at him. “What?”
Blake took a step forward and snapped his fingers.
“Don’t ever come around here. I don’t want to see your faces. You better disappear,” he said with fire in his eyes and his words really clear.
Three more figures stepped forward behind Blake, silhouettes against the headlights. Chester took position at his side while the other two, who Candy couldn’t make out, stood behind them. Blake clenched his jaw.
“You better run. Don’t be a macho man,” he said.
Rupert hesitated and then laughed. He didn’t seem in the least concerned by the other vampire’s strange warning and the fact that he and Vivian were outnumbered two to one, not counting the Misfits. 
“Want to make a good fight of it, do you?” Rupert said. “I’m not leaving here without the girl, without my girl. Vivian loves a fight against the odds.”
Blake didn’t back down. His eyes passed over Candy and then settled on Jimmy. He gave a slight nod before turning his focus back on the unwelcome vampires.
“Just beat it,” he said.
“You started this, Blakey Boy. You and your family have some big balls bringing this up with the Magister. Fuck you and fuck that pompous bastard.”
Candy helped Jimmy up. He walked on the tips of his shoes with his back arched while still digging out his drawers. Medium Dave had managed to crawl out of the Pinto and met them near the ditch. Jimmy leaned close to him and whispered, “Get us out of here.”
Medium Dave nodded and then took his shirt off, revealing a pale bird chest specked with a few dark hairs. He quickly unbuckled his pants while the vampires went on taunting each other, or whatever Blake was saying to buy time. When he dropped down onto his knees, Candy wasn’t sure she wanted to see him change into a wolf, but she couldn’t look away. She hoped it would be smooth and quick the way it had been with Were-Jew.
Rupert shouted. “Get the girl!”
Vivian spun around. Blake leapt forward and kicked Vivian in the groin so hard the sound of it echoed into the night. Vivian’s mouth dropped open and his hands instinctively went downward. Candy turned back around to see Jimmy sitting on the back of a moose.
“Get on!” he said with his hand extended out to her.
She couldn’t move. She stared at the moose—at Medium Dave. Shaking away the confusion, she let Jimmy pull her up onto the massive animal’s back. She clenched her legs tightly against the barrel chest and wrapped her arms around Jimmy. Medium Dave took off like the wind.
Candy never knew a moose could run so fast.
Trees, street signs, parked cars, and buildings whizzed by. Candy had to hold on for dear life as the wind blasted against her. Medium Dave had to be sprinting faster than the speed limit posted on the street. She thanked God for the absence of any cars on the road at that hour of the morning.
Medium Dave took them down the street and into a park. He had made enough distance and in the darkness of the unlit area he slowed down to a trot, taking in deep and heavy breaths. He then trotted across several more streets until finally they came to his neighborhood.
“We lost them,” Jimmy said. “We should be safe.”
Medium Dave sprinted one last time until they reached his house. The SUV was parked in the driveway. Were-Jew was sitting on the front steps smoking a cigarette. He jumped up and ran down to them.
“What’s going on?” he said.
Jimmy dropped down from the back of the moose and then helped Candy. “Rupert found us again,” he said. “I’m pretty sure we lost them. Blake and his brothers showed up and helped.”
Medium Dave shifted back into his human form. Completely nude and still struggling to catch his breath, he walked over to stand beside Were-Jew. Candy kept her focus above his waist, though she did notice he had a nice butt.
“I knew we should have stayed together,” Were-Jew said. “No more splitting up from now on. As a matter of fact, I’m setting up a watch tonight.”
Felicia met them at the front door as they came into the house. Melvin had fallen asleep in the recliner and had to reach for his glasses. Jimmy told them what happened.
“They found us again,” he said. “Rupert and his psychotic brother.”
“What’s with your britches?” Felicia said. Candy hadn’t noticed the ripped underwear hanging down from the back of Jimmy’s pants.
“Don’t worry about that,” Jimmy told her. “We’re setting up watch until dawn. We all need sleep.”
Melvin nodded. “I just slept for about half an hour. I’ll take first watch with Were-Jew and then I’ll wake you and Paul for the last hour or so.”
Candy and Felicia went up to the guest room. Candy didn’t argue about who would get the bed or the couch; they both fell exhausted onto the bed. Though her heart still raced, Candy fell asleep the second her head hit the pillow.

Chapter Thirteen

Candy couldn’t look away from his alluring eyes.
He ran his hands through her hair, bent his head down to her neck. She cried out, yearning for the pain. She yelled his name over and over again.
“Candy!”
Felicia shook her so violently her teeth rattled. Candy opened her eyes and gaped at her, unsure what was going on.
“You were dreaming,” Felicia said.
It was morning, or more than likely closer to noon. Rubbing her face, Candy rolled over to sit on the side of the bed. A small smile tugged the corners of her mouth; she dreamed about Blake and not Rupert. He freed her. With the way Felicia was looking at her, Candy realized she must have been talking—or worse—in her sleep. Her face burned.
“I’m going to take a shower,” she said, hurrying out of the room.
Candy quickly washed and then let the hot water run over her body. The dream had been vague, unlike the vividness of the dream with Rupert. She had been with Blake, though she didn’t know where. He made promises and he made her feel safe. In the dream she wanted to be with him. In the dream his eyes never let her go. She wanted him to bite her. She wanted him because she hated Rupert. When she came out of the bathroom, Jimmy was in the guestroom with Felicia.
“Do you want to get some breakfast?” he asked Candy. “Well, it’s past noon, so lunch I mean.”
“Maybe in a little bit. I need to talk to Felicia if you don’t mind.”
Jimmy nodded and left the two girls alone in the room.
“What’s up?” Felicia said.
Candy sat on the end of the bed. “You know what happened last night?” Felicia nodded. “This is insane. How does he keep finding me? This has to be illegal or something.”
Felicia didn’t say anything for a moment, making Candy wonder what could be going on in her head. “I don’t know how he’s finding you,” she said. “I know vampires have some strange powers, but I’ve never heard of this.”
Candy didn’t want to think about it anymore. “What did you hear while I was sleeping?”
Felicia tried to suppress a smile. “A whole lot about Blake.”
Candy sighed and looked at the ground.
“Are you ashamed?” Felicia asked her.
“I don’t know. What would you think? I mean, I barely know him and I’m having that kind of dream. But it wasn’t exactly that kind.” She shook her head. “I don’t know.”
“Well you are a virgin.”
“I’m glad that was a topic of discussion while I was asleep.”
“Sorry, but it is kind of important. It’s at least some of the reason Rupert’s after you. The Mullin mother never told you what makes your blood so special aside from that?”
“No.” Candy hadn’t thought about it until now and it made her curious all over again.
“I had an idea,” Felicia said. Candy didn’t like the wry grin that crept over her face. “Maybe if you go ahead and give it up, maybe that will spoil your blood or something. It couldn’t hurt to try and it will certainly clear up the tension between you and Jimmy.”
“What tension? There’s no tension. I’m not giving up anything.”
Felicia narrowed her eyes. “I’m not stupid, you know. I’ve been around long enough to know sexual tension when I see it, and you’re wound up so tight you’re ready to explode.”
Candy’s mouth dropped open. “Am not!”
“I call it the way I see it. Why are you, a blonde bombshell, still a virgin? You don’t come off as the religious type so you’re not waiting to get married. And considering the way you were dressed the other night you’re certainly not shy.”
Candy crossed her arms. She wanted to tell Felicia to shut her trap, but the redhead was mostly right. “I don’t know,” she said. “I’ve just never met a good enough guy.”
“Oh, you’re one of those.”
“One of what?”
“Come on,” Felicia said, rolling her green eyes. “You think you’re too good for everyone. Girls like you go through high school with your nose stuck up in the air thinking your God’s gift to the world. You lead guys around on a leash, teasing them into thinking they actually have a chance at the promised lands. And then once you step foot into college you lose your mind and open the gates for anyone and everyone.”
“That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.”
Felicia gave her an “oh, really?” look. “Let me ask you this: What are you doing going to bars dressed like a common street walker if you’re a virgin? I think you know the answer. You want to release all that sexuality you’ve pent up for so long. I’m telling you, the second you walk into a college you’re going to lose your mind and your panties.”
Candy frowned. Though Felicia was probably right, she didn’t want to think or talk about it anymore. There were far more important things to discuss.
“Medium Dave turned into a moose last night,” Candy said. Felicia smiled as if this new topic amused her. “What’s up with that?”
“He’s a lycanthrope. That’s what he shifts into.”
“I’m confused. I thought you were werewolves. What’s the difference?”
“It’s simple,” Felicia said. “All werewolves are lycanthropes, but not all lycanthropes are werewolves. Those of us who turn into wolves are werewolves. The rest of us are lycanthropes.”
“What are you?”
“A lycanthrope.”
“Jimmy?”
Felicia grinned. “Ask him.”
Felicia suggested they go get something to eat. Candy had to reluctantly accept her answer, at least for the time. Were-Jew had gone to the grocery store to pick up some food for a cookout. White Paul and Melvin were in the living room. They ceased the conversation they were having when the girls came down the stairs.
“How are you feeling?” White Paul asked Candy.
“Fine, I guess.” Candy looked out the back window. Jimmy was sitting near the empty pool.
“Are you sure you want to go through with this tonight?” Melvin said.
Candy nodded. As far as she was concerned there weren’t any other options.
“What’s for breakfast?” Felicia said.
“We got burgers and dogs for the grill,” Melvin said. “Are you girls hungry now? We can fire it up.”
Both Candy and Felicia nodded. Felicia headed towards the bathroom down the hall from the kitchen and then she paused and turned back to White Paul.
“Is it safe to use the bathroom?” she said.
White Paul flipped up his middle finger.
The phone in the kitchen reminded Candy that she hadn’t talked to her mother or friends in several days. She thought about it for a moment and then decided she didn’t care. Her mother was probably too drunk to even notice her daughter hadn’t come home yet, and her friends were off doing their own things over summer vacation. Then again, she knew her mother was the type to overreact about anything, which would be bad if she did notice her daughter hadn’t come home.
“My mother is probably worried about me by now. I hope she doesn’t go to the police.”
“Why don’t you call her?” Melvin said.
It was an obvious question, though for Candy there wasn’t an obvious answer. She knew she should call her mother even though she really didn’t want to. Her mother was notorious for her abuse of melodramatics, drunk or not. The religious kind of melodramatics was the worst of all.
“Maybe I’ll call her before we leave. I’m not looking forward to it,” Candy said.
“Talking to your mother or meeting with the vampires?” White Paul said.
“Both.” This wasn’t completely true. She did want to see Blake again.
“We’ll be fine,” Felicia said from the kitchen. “We’ll all be there this time.”
Candy didn’t feel reassured. Thus far the Misfits hadn’t been able to stand against the vampires. So far all they had managed to do was run and hide, and even that was sketchy.
Everyone converged around the grill outside. White Paul argued with Medium Dave about filling the pool. Felicia joined in, but Dave didn’t crack, not even at the promise of skinny dipping. While they argued and while Were-Jew and Melvin tended the grill, Candy asked Jimmy to take a walk with her. They headed around the side of the house into the front yard, seeking shelter in the shade of a tall pine tree.
“Sorry about last night,” Candy said. She tried not to remember the way his face twisted up while he was hanging in the air by his underwear.
“You don’t need to be sorry. It’s not your fault. That’s what vampires do. They are blood thirsty and insane. That’s what I’ve been trying to warn you about.”
Candy nodded. As she was thinking how much she appreciated everything Jimmy and his friends had done for her, and while she took his warning into consideration, she couldn’t get Blake out of her head.
“I didn’t mean what I said to you last night,” she said. “I really do appreciate everything you’ve done for me.”
“I know.”
“I just want this to be over. Rupert finding me again proved we need help. I just want this to end, Jimmy.”
He stood there awkwardly, looking like he wanted to move closer to her, but unable to do so. Candy wanted to hug him. He deserved it, but she didn’t want to lead him on anymore when her feelings were so mixed up.
“We’ll figure this out one way or another. I won’t let you down,” he said.
Candy smiled. “Thanks.”
They joined the others and ate lunch together. Everyone seemed happy except for Candy. She couldn’t stop thinking about Blake. She couldn’t stop thinking about Rupert, though for very different reasons. She sat alone in the shade while Were-Jew chased Felicia beneath some trees near the backyard fence, both of them laughing like carefree kids. Melvin and White Paul discussed which science fiction movie was the best and why. Jimmy and Medium Dave sat in the open while they ate, enjoying the sun and their friendship.
On the outside, everything would have looked perfectly peaceful, but Candy knew a cloud hung over each of them. Rupert and Vivian stuck in everyone’s minds like the recollections of a nightmare. Candy wished she could enjoy the afternoon for what it was. After some time, Melvin gathered everyone inside and went over their plan for the night.
“We all stay together,” he said. “Under no circumstance will anyone go anywhere on their own. Also, I’m giving Jimmy lead tonight. He was at the Mullin’s house and he knows more about them than I do. He’ll speak on our behalf and make all of the pertinent decisions.”
Melvin glanced around the room, looking very serious behind his glasses. “Anyone who doesn’t want to go has my leave. We’re dealing with vampires and there’s real danger. No Misfit will judge anyone who doesn’t want to go.”
No one said a word.
“Great,” Melvin said. “Misfits forever.”
“Misfits forever!” everyone said in unison except Candy. They all looked to her. “Misfits forever,” she said with a smile.
The remaining time before they had to leave passed far too quickly. Before Candy knew it, she and the Misfits were heading out to the SUV (no one mourned the loss of the Pinto). White Paul insisted they should fill the pool and come back later. Felicia did her best to convince Medium Dave how awesome a pool party would be, especially the no swimsuit kind. Candy wished she could be as optimistic, but the growing knot in her stomach wouldn’t allow it. They all piled into the car and Felicia drove them to the Mullin Estate.
Candy tried to keep her mind clear. It didn’t last long. The image of Jimmy slowly twirling by his underwear crept into her head, along with Rupert and Vivian’s cruel laughter. The existence of bullies in the world of vampires and lycanthropes amazed her. She sighed and took Jimmy’s hand. He smiled, and she rested her head on his shoulder.
They had to wait at the gate to the mansion for someone to ring them in. It was nearly eight o’clock and the sun would set soon. They parked outside of a huge garage that could have doubled as a middle class home and then went to the door. On the way up, Candy tried to pay attention to the security Were-Jew had talked about, but she didn’t see anything. Renaldo answered the door and invited them in.
“The master will be with you shortly,” he said. “Make yourselves comfortable. Is there anything I can get for you in the meantime?”
“We’re fine, thank you,” Melvin said.
Renaldo nodded and walked out of the room.
“These vampires are loaded,” Melvin said, his head craning to look up at everything in the vast antechamber. “I wonder how much money they have.”
Were-Jew chortled. “How much money do you think you could accumulate over the course of a few hundred years? They can probably buy anything they want. Bodyguards, the latest technology, politicians, you name it. I don’t know what to be more afraid of: their supernatural powers or their vast resources.”
Candy shivered. Aside from the frigid temperature in the mansion, she had never thought about how far a vampire’s influence could reach until Were-Jew put it into perspective. She thought it might not be so bad to have a vampire boyfriend if he was filthy rich. Never mind that Blake was also stupid hot.
After a moment, Anastasia appeared at the top of the stairs and for the first time she wasn’t dressed like a tramp. Instead, she wore a fashionable blue skirt with a darker blue jacket. Her black hair was done up in curls which, combined with her porcelain face, made her look eerily like a life sized doll dressed up in grownup clothes.
“I’m glad you’re early,” she said, her voice carrying in the antechamber. Blake appeared behind her and they both came down the stairs together. Candy noticed Felicia eyeing Blake rather lustfully.
“I believe there are a few of you to whom I have yet to be introduced,” Anastasia said. She stepped in front of Were-Jew. “You’re the black wolf they call Were-Jew. Did you get a good look around last night?” She smiled at his discomfort. Candy and the Misfits wondered how she knew not only his nickname, but that he had been the black wolf prowling around her house the night before. 
The porcelain-skinned vampire girl went on with her assessment of Were-Jew. “One doesn’t survive hundreds of years by being stupid. You should know I’ve crushed plenty of grown men beneath my heel, so you may want to wipe that passive-aggressive expression from your face. The last time I feared a wolf was when superstitious villagers whispered nonsense around the fireplace.”
Were-Jew lowered his gaze. Anastasia moved over to Melvin.
“And here’s the leader of this band of misfits,” she said with a lopsided grin. “You have much to prove, Melvin. How will you ever be accepted into a real pack if you can’t manage something as simple as this? You’ll do well, little lycan. I won’t let you down and you won’t let your friends down.”
Melvin passed a nervous glance to Jimmy. Though they had told him how strange Anastasia was, seeing her in person was something else entirely.
“And the lovely Felicia. The one with the biggest mouth and the most brazenness also has the most to hide. Secrets catch up to us all at some point, my dear.”
Felicia, holding true to Anastasia’s description, stubbornly held the vampire’s gaze. Anastasia looked Felicia up and down, apparently satisfied with what she saw.
“You’d make a good concubine,” she said. “I’d treat you well, and your secrets would be safe with me.”
Felicia didn’t seem to know if she wanted to scowl at the vampire or smile with pride. For Candy and most everyone else, the more Anastasia talked, the weirder she became.
Anastasia went back to her son’s side. “Now that the introductions are over, let us be on our way. You may follow behind Blake, Candy, and I to our destination.”
“Candy goes with us,” Melvin said.
Jimmy gave Candy a look that asked if she was okay riding alone with them. She nodded.
“Okay,” Jimmy said. “We’ll be right behind you,” he assured Candy.
Candy kissed Jimmy on the cheek and then the Misfits went out to the SUV while she followed Blake into the garage. They sat in the back of the town car with Anastasia across from them. The driver started the car and then they were on their way to meet with yet more vampires.

Chapter Fourteen

“So tell me, Candy. How exactly did you come into the acquaintance of the Misfits?”
Anastasia had one ghostly pale leg crossed over the other, sitting there in her skirt and dress jacket across from Candy like she was a real, grown woman. Strange didn’t begin to describe the vampire girl, or her family for that matter. Bizarre didn’t do her justice, either. And to make the situation even stranger, the windows in the back of the town car were tinted completely black—Candy couldn’t see out and no one could see in. She knew the horizon had to still be streaked red outside, but Anastasia and Blake were perfectly safe inside.
“They saved me,” Candy said. “Tinch did. He introduced me to them.”
“Tinch,” Anastasia said with a touch of fondness. “One of the wiser wolves I’ve come across. He may be hard on the outside, but he’s soft in the middle. He’s always concerned with the best interest of others.”
“I wasn’t aware you know him.”
Anastasia smiled. “Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. It pays in large dividends to know everything and everyone in the supernatural world.” 
“You consider him an enemy?”
“Old feuds.” Anastasia shrugged. “I’m not in the business of making enemies, my dear. I’m a vampire and he’s a wolf. Some people have a hard time letting go of the past, even when that past stretches hundreds of years and no one remembers what the quarrel was about in the first place.”
“We’re a peaceable family,” Blake interjected. “It’s in our best interest to have good relationships with mortals, lycans, and vampire families alike. We refrain from drinking human blood because we want to break the old molds and change the way the world works.”
“My son is very wise for his age. ‘Make love, not war’ has been my motto for a long time.”
Candy didn’t really care about whatever point Anastasia was trying to make and she wanted nothing more than to turn her attention out a window rather than have to hold the vampire girl’s pale-eyed gaze. The longer she sat in the car with the vampire girl, the more uncomfortable she became, until it felt like she was freezing.
“I should warn you,” Anastasia said. “They will ask you some personal questions. Keep calm and answer only what they ask. Don’t elaborate and keep it to a simple ‘yes’ or ‘no.’ I’ll do most of the talking, and remember what we discussed. You and Blake have been madly in love for months, and you have accepted his request to be bound to him.”
Candy nodded. She hoped they wouldn’t ask anything she might stumble over.
“It won’t be that bad,” Anastasia said, as if she could read the worry on Candy’s face. “They may ask where you and Blake met each other; if they do, say at a local club. Those places crawl with vampires and no one will think twice about it.”
“What do you mean about being bound?” Candy asked her.
Anastasia appraised Candy for a moment before she answered. “I suppose you should know. These things aren’t told to mortals unless they will be bound to a vampire or family, but you’re a unique case. Simply put, being bound to Blake is akin to being married to him. Just like in a marriage you swear to have relations only with him, both the carnal nature as well as that of the blood. The binding is generally complete when he takes your blood for the first time. Like marriage, it’s an old and mostly useless ritual, but it serves a purpose nonetheless.”
Candy wasn’t sure she understood. Blood bonds and blood slaves, she didn’t understand and she didn’t like it. When the car came to a stop, Anastasia must have seen her mix of confusion and dread. She called for the driver to wait before opening the back door.
“I don’t expect you to understand everything I’ve said. To put it bluntly, vampires rarely fill in their mortal companions with details because there’s no reason to. The only thing you need to know to make this work is this: you love Blake and you want to be with him. Understand?”
Candy nodded.
“Very good. We’re ready, Milford.”
The driver opened the back door. Anastasia stepped out first, followed by Blake. He offered his hand to help Candy like a gentleman. They were on the lower level of a parking garage somewhere in the city. After a moment the SUV pulled in with the Misfits. Not long after that, a red Ferrari with tinted windows parked next to the town car. Chester stepped out, dressed in a blue blazer and dark slacks.
“Glad to see everyone’s okay,” he said with a nod to Candy. When he noticed Felicia, he gave her a smile and a wink.
“Well hello,” Felicia said with a sideways glance at the expensive car. The rest of the Misfits rolled their eyes.
“Our guests are waiting,” Anastasia said in a forceful tone that carried in the confined garage. “Lead the way, Chester.”
With one last smile for Felicia, Chester made his way over to a metal door imbedded in the concrete wall. He held the door open, waiting until everyone had passed through, his eyes lingering on Felicia the whole time. A long corridor bright with strip lights opened out beyond the door. It sloped downward at a slight angle with pipes and ducts running its length. Candy felt like she was in a tomb.
“Where are we?” she said.
“An old fallout shelter,” Blake answered at her side. “We maintain it for uses such as this. It’s neutral ground.”
Chester led the group deeper down the corridor, their footsteps echoing against the close walls. The other end opened into a high ceilinged room made of bare concrete, most of which lay within the confines of darkness. When Chester turned to the right, Candy noticed three men standing around a conference table. One of them was Nigel, another Rupert, and the last a tall man with bleach blond hair wearing a black greatcoat with gold buttons on the lapels.
“Here they are,” Nigel said. He took a few steps towards the Mullins and Misfits, and then with a sweep of his arm invited them all over to the table. “My dear Anastasia. Have you been introduced to Hayden Kingsley?”
Upon Nigel’s introduction, the man with the blond hair came around from the table to give Anastasia a gracious half bow. He was eerily pale and had several silver rings on both of his hands, some etched with insignias. Anastasia gave a slight nod of her head.
“Of course we’ve been introduced,” Hayden said in a forced American accent that didn’t sound quite right. “A pleasure as always, Miss Mullin.”
“Lord Kingsley.” Anastasia didn’t give him a second more of her attention. She turned her eyes to Rupert. “I don’t believe I’ve been formally introduced to your brother.”
“Please, call me Hayden. The rightful Lord Kingsley is currently predisposed.” He snapped his fingers and Rupert came quickly to his side, not bothering to hide his contempt for Blake and the Misfits along the way.
“This is Rupert. Pride of our father’s eye,” Hayden said.
“My pleasure,” Rupert said with a fake smile.
“Yes, it is your pleasure,” Anastasia said.
Rupert tried to awkwardly sustain a smile, but his face slowly hardened into a scowl.
“This is my son Blake and his mortal love, Candy,” Anastasia said. “The others are friends of the family and material witnesses.”
Rupert’s lip twitched. Hayden looked Candy over with a wry grin and then he went to the far side of the table to take a seat. Rupert sneered first at Blake and then at Jimmy before he joined his brother. Anastasia, Chester, and Blake took seats across from the Englishmen. There was nowhere else for the Misfits to go other than the end of the table.
“Jolly good,” Nigel said. “Now that we’re all familiar with each other, allow me to introduce the Magister of New England, who will be presiding tonight.”
A man stepped out from the shadows as if he and the inky darkness had been one. The man was tall and pale with long black hair, dark eyes and a prominent nose. He took slow steps to the head chair, his depthless eyes passing over each individual in turn. Candy couldn’t discern his apparent age because, like all of the vampires she had encountered, he exuded an unnatural youth. Though he was tall and built like a man who had done long years of hard labor, his skin was smooth and unmarred.
“Magister Fernando Fedora,” Nigel said. “As Magister of New England and a neutral party, he will mediate the grievances of the Mullin and Kingsley families. His judgment will be final and fully binding.”
“Magister,” Hayden said, his head and eyes lowered.
Anastasia kept her eyes on Fernando. “El Capitan,” she said with a nod.
The Magister smiled. His voice was deep and sensual, marked with a Spanish or Portuguese accent. “I haven’t been called that in a long time.”
“Lovely,” Nigel said. “I will present the item of dispute between the families.” His eyes, along with most everyone else’s, went to Candy. “Miss Candy Shuler. Would you rise for the Magister, please?”
Candy slowly stood, feeling stupid for having worn the shirt with the huge face of a cartoon mouse on the front. She kept her head bowed under the pressure of Magister Fedora’s eyes. Blake took her hand beneath the table.
“You can have a seat now,” Nigel said. “Magister, the table is yours.” He took a few steps back, crossed his arms, and waited for the show to commence.
The Magister looked once more around the table. No one was safe from the ferocity in his dark eyes before he took his seat. Candy found herself looking down when he merely passed his gaze over her.
“I’ll hear from you first, Miss Mullin,” the Magister said. “It’s my understanding both families have made a claim on the girl in question. Tell me about it.”
“It’s simple,” Anastasia said with a glance at the Englishmen. “The mortal belongs to my son. They are in love and he has claimed her.”
“That’s a lie!” Rupert burst out, drawing the ire of both the Magister and Hayden. Magister Fedora’s harsh eyes demanded respect from everyone at the table quite effectively on their own without need of a single spoken word. Rupert lowered his head in submission, if not from unabated fear.
Anastasia continued, “As I was saying. My son and Candy have been in love for some time now. Rupert made a mistake, and should he confess to his mistake my family will not bring further grievances against him.”
Rupert clenched his fists. The Magister turned his attention to the Englishmen.
“I’ll hear your side now.”
Hayden smirked across the table at Anastasia before addressing the Magister.
“It’s not as simple as the lovely Anastasia would like it to sound. My brother came upon the mortal in question on her own, and I stress that she was unmarked and thus unclaimed. It’s my belief the Mullin family has been colluding with the so called witnesses to claim the girl as their own. Their whole story is a laughable fabrication.”
The Magister knocked a gavel on the table. “Who are these witnesses?” he said with a perturbed glance over at the Misfits. They slinked down a little in their chairs. Jimmy cleared his throat and stood up.
“My name’s Jimmy. I was there, uh, the night in question.”
“What night in question?” the Magister grumbled. “All I want to know is who you mortals are.”
“We’re the Misfits. We . . . I was there the night in question.”
“Enough about the night in question. What are ‘misfits’?”
Perplexed, Jimmy said, “That’s who we are. The Misfits.”
The Magister gave Anastasia a disturbed glance. “These people are friends of your family? They look like a gang of clowns who lack the mental capacity to answer a simple question. This is the type with whom your family consorts?”
“The company my family keeps has no bearing on the matter at hand,” Anastasia said, a little agitated, and seemingly the only person in the room who didn’t cow beneath the presence of the Magister. “He’s a witness to what happened not only on the night when Rupert first tried to forcefully take Candy, but on several other occasions of his stalking as well.”
“Someone tell me about the night,” the Magister said, short on patience.
The Mullins looked to Candy. She swallowed her fear and tried to find the courage to talk in front of all the vampires. It took a few attempts to finally get her mouth working.
“He attacked me,” she said. “He charmed me and made me do things against my will.”
“This is nonsense,” Hayden said in a calm tone. “She’s clearly been coached into saying this. My brother didn’t charm her.”
Magister Fedora’s eyes burned into Candy. “That’s a serious accusation. A public display of glamour is a serious crime. Are you sure that’s what happened? Are you sure you want to keep that statement on the record?”
Beneath the intensity of his gaze, Candy thought perhaps she should say no and call this whole thing off. She found the courage to nod. The Magister watched her for a long time, making her even more uncomfortable. She wondered, as he continued watching her with narrowed eyes, if he was using some kind of vampire power, some way to descry the truth from her very soul. Finally, he turned to the Misfits and glowered at them in the same way.
“I cannot discern the truth to these statements and as such I have no choice but to take the word of a vampire over that of confused mortals. The right to claim is given to he who first takes the blood. When was this first done?”
“Last night,” Anastasia said, though she wasn’t pleased to make the confession.
“And the Kingsley family?”
“Three nights ago,” Hayden said with a self-assured grin.
“The Kingsley’s have rights.” The Magister lifted the gavel up over the table.
“The law is less than clear on these matters,” Anastasia said before the gavel came down. The Magister lowered the hammer, giving her time to speak again. “According to law I could bite and claim every mortal under the acquaintance of any other family. The fact of the matter is the girl and my son are in love and have been for some time. Where is it written that a mortal cannot be courted over a frame of time? The law does not fit this situation.”
“I ask that the Magister not take any of this nonsense into consideration,” Hayden said. “She cannot prove her son was courting the girl. As a matter of fact, I proclaim everything she and her mortal nitwits say a lie.”
“Can you prove this?” the Magister asked Anastasia.
“I needn’t prove anything. This isn’t a mortal court of law. The girl is on my side of the table. She is here with me in my domain.”
The Magister leaned back in his chair, his eyes searching Anastasia. “Possession does not give blood rights,” he said, and then his eyes went to Candy. “Though it’s clear to me the girl has taken the side of her choosing.”
“She could be charmed!” Rupert shouted.
Anastasia glared across the table and said, “We all know she’s not charmed. Aside from the fact my family doesn’t practice such immoral acts, you can clearly see she is here of her own free will.”
“She’s not charmed,” the Magister agreed with an agitated glance down his nose at the British vampire. “It’s clear both parties want the girl and both parties have rights to some degree. Therefore, I pronounce this to be settled through contest. The winning family will have rights to the girl and both families shall not bring grievances against the other in her regard again.”
Rupert slammed his opened palms on the table. “Bollocks!”
The Magister lifted his hand as if he meant to reach out across both the table and Hayden to strike Rupert. Hayden leaned back and Rupert cowered. The Magister slowly lowered his hand back down.
“Don’t speak out again you little shit,” the Magister said. The Misfits all smiled at the tongue-lashing. “This is the Mullin’s domain. They decide what form the contest takes.”
“Give us a moment to confer,” Anastasia said.
The Mullins and Candy walked away from the table. The Misfits joined them, Jimmy going straight to Candy’s side. “This isn’t fair,” he told Anastasia. “You never mentioned anything about a contest.”
Anastasia ignored him. “Figure out a way to beat them,” she said simply to her sons, and then she went back to her seat at the table. Everyone made a tight circle so they could talk without being overheard. Blake and Chester were deep in thought.
“What exactly does he mean by a contest?” Felicia said.
“A challenge,” Chester said, all too happy to answer her question.
“What kind of a challenge?” Were-Jew said.
Blake sighed, seemingly conflicted.  “A duel. Pistol duels are still very popular, but my aim is terrible. And Rupert’s too fast for me to take with a rapier. I don’t know what I could beat him at.”
Candy was astonished by the talk of dueling with deadly weapons but she kept her mouth shut. These vampires were trying to claim her as if she was livestock and their safety wasn’t anywhere near as important as her own.
“Remember little brother, it’s a contest between families,” Chester said. “I think I could take Rupert, but I’m not sure about who he’d choose as a partner. Hayden is head of the family while their father is away, so there is no doubt he knows what he’s doing.”
“I can’t think of anything,” Blake said. “I need time.”
“I need your decision,” the Magister said on cue.
White Paul passed a worried glance from the brothers, who were deep in troubled thought, to Candy. “You’re so screwed,” he said.
Blake lifted a finger to him. “I don’t want to hear a word from you. You should be ashamed of yourself.”
Chester glared at White Paul as well. “Is he the jerk who wrecked the bathroom?”
Felicia stomped her foot. “Enough of that! You’re wasting valuable time.”
Blake shook his head. “Maybe Monopoly?”
Everyone groaned.
“Yeah, let’s leave Candy’s fate to the dice rolls in a Monopoly game,” Jimmy said.
Magister Fedora’s voice boomed, “I need your answer.”
The vampire brothers passed grave glances to each other. Medium Dave, standing outside the circle near the table, snapped his fingers. “How about basketball?” he suggested.
The gavel smacked the table. “Basketball it is!”
Everyone spun around on Medium Dave. “What?” he said. “Basketball was invented in America so these British guys can’t be good at it. And besides, Blake used to be captain of his team, right?”
When the Magister stood up, Candy could have sworn the shadows behind him swelled and followed. “Two nights from now at nine o’clock,” he said. “I’m not familiar with basketball, so I’ll need a rundown of the rules. The girl is to stay with the Mullin family until then.”
“I’m quite familiar with the game. I can referee,” Nigel offered.
“Standard rules. Full court, five on five with fifteen minute quarters,” Blake said.
Hayden grinned. “Suit yourself.”
“I’ll leave it to Sir Nigel to find a suitable location,” the Magister said. “See you there, Miss Mullin.”
He swept out of the room, melding back into the shadows near the door.
“Yes, see you there,” Hayden chided. Rupert blew a kiss to Candy and then followed his brother out of the room, laughing all the way.
Blake threw his hands up. “Great.” He pointed at Medium Dave, his eyes narrowing. “Who told this asshole he could talk?”
Jimmy reluctantly spoke on his friend’s behalf. “It’s not like you came up with anything, and you’re supposed to be good at basketball. This sounds like it’s probably the best chance we have.”
“You don’t get it,” Blake said. “They are faster and stronger. It wouldn’t matter if we turned professionals into vampires, they would still stomp them!”
Candy couldn’t tell if Medium Dave was upset by what he had done or not. He stood there expressionless like he always did. Anastasia put a hand on his shoulder.
“I think David here is right when he says the English don’t know anything about basketball,” she said. “It’s a distinct advantage in our favor. It will even the odds.”
That didn’t stop Blake from staring daggers at Medium Dave. Anastasia turned to face the Misfits.
“Candy will stay at the mansion until the game,” she said. Before anyone could protest, specifically Jimmy, she continued, “This isn’t up for debate. My family and I have gone to considerable lengths to help her and there’s still the basketball game to deal with. You Misfits have done your part in protecting her, but you’re well in over your heads and way out of your league. I’ll finish what I have set out to do, which is the protection of this girl against the Englishmen.”
Jimmy looked into Candy’s eyes. She wasn’t sure what to think. She did know she was tired of being on the run and having to hide. She glanced at Melvin who had been silent the whole time. He had been adamant about not separating, about being careful around vampires, but now he waited on Jimmy’s decision. Candy lowered her head and closed her eyes. She didn’t know what to say.
“You’ll be safe with us until the game,” Anastasia said.
“What about my friends? Don’t they matter? They matter to me,” Candy said.
Anastasia didn’t bother to hide her contempt when her cold eyes went to the Misfits. “They are lycans. They can take care of themselves; they’ve made it this long. They may be good at running, but how long can they run with you slowing them down?”
Anastasia glared at White Paul when he stepped forward. He held the vampire girl’s eyes for perhaps a second before he bowed his head.
“Let the girl decide,” Anastasia said. “I warn you now that my family will waste no more time trying to save her from Rupert if she’s going to run off and fall prey to him anyway. Candy takes the offer of protection in my house until the game or I call it all off. I’m not going to risk my sons’ well being for nothing.”
Anastasia was right. Candy couldn’t look at Jimmy when she addressed the Misfits.
“It will be okay. They want to help.”
Jimmy lowered his head. After a moment, he looked back up and he seemed calm, though Candy figured he was probably mad as hell.
“I’ll be thinking about you,” he told Candy. “Misfits forever.”
Candy gave him a weak smile. “You all make sure to get somewhere safe. I’ll be pissed if I don’t see you at the basketball game, if something happens to you.”
Jimmy tried to return a smile but it didn’t quite come out right. The rest of the Misfits waited for him at the door. He walked towards them, glancing over his shoulder once, and then with a frown he hurried after the others.
Nigel strolled up next to Anastasia. “Odd bunch,” he said. “Are you sure you want them at the contest? It could be a distraction.”
“Not entirely,” she said.
Candy put her foot down. “They’re going. I’m not going anywhere with you if you don’t let them know where it is. I’ll leave. I’ll do whatever. I’ll go to another vampire family if I have to. Because that’s what you want after all, isn’t it? My blood?”
Anastasia curled up one brow.
“I’m not as stupid as you think.”
“Very well, my dear. The Misfits can go,” Anastasia said.

Chapter Fifteen

Candy paused at the front steps of the mansion.
“You’re nervous,” Blake said.
Candy kept her eyes on the ground. Of course she was nervous.
“You can trust us.” Blake didn’t move closer to her. He gave her some distance.
“It’s funny,” Candy said. “I was told to never trust a vampire, that vampires want people to trust them. This is the second time you told me I can trust you.”
Blake glanced over his shoulder to the house. They were alone. Darkness stretched out beyond the expansive yard of the estate and the night was warm and still.
“What do you think?” Blake asked her. “Never mind what other people say, what do you think?”
Candy shrugged her shoulders. She honestly didn’t know. “I don’t know you. I only know you’re a vampire.”
“Let’s take a walk. If it makes you more comfortable we can stay out here all night.” He smiled that annoyingly irresistible smile.
They walked along the edge of the yard where it was well lit. There was a gazebo not far from the mansion. Like everything else around there, it was bigger than it needed to be. Lights on the outside of the gazebo sparked to life as they neared, illuminating the yard for a few hundred feet.
“I wish you wouldn’t be so nervous.” Blake paused at the entrance of the gazebo. There was an outdoor swing chair inside. “We only want to help you.”
Candy couldn’t refute his claim that he only wanted to help, but she still didn’t feel right. The more she thought about it, the more she wished she had gone with the Misfits.
“I doubt you’d think the same way if you were in my shoes,” she said. “Actually, no one with half a brain would be standing here like I am.”
Blake offered a weak smile. “I can appreciate that. What can I do to prove you have nothing to be afraid of? That you can trust me?”
“I don’t know.” She wanted to trust him. She wanted the nagging voice in her head to go away.
“I know you didn’t ask for this. Unfortunately, there are bad vampires just like there are bad people. We aren’t bad vampires.”
Candy had to force back a laugh and ended up snorting. “Do you realize how absurd that sounds?”
“It sounds absurd because you’re prejudiced. The stories haven’t given us a kind depiction over the years, and movies only made it worse. Look, I’m not saying you should trust vampires just like I wouldn’t tell you to trust a random guy you met in a bar. All I’m saying is we’ve gone out of our way to help you. And I’ll answer before you ask: I did it because I think you’re beautiful. And kind. And all around a wonderful person.”
Candy couldn’t keep herself from blushing, or thinking he was saying everything she wanted to hear, everything she needed to hear. They ventured over to the swing and sat down together. She found that she liked being close to him again as he pushed gently with his feet, sending the swing into a relaxing motion.
“Did you know he would stop being in my dreams?” she asked.
Blake turned a blank face to her. “You mean Rupert?”
Candy nodded, watching his him closely, wondering if he’d admit what he knew—that he had supplanted Rupert in her dreams.
“I suspect my mother knew,” he said. “This is all very new to me.”
Candy’s mind went into overdrive. He’s new to this? How so? How old is he? Or maybe, because he hadn’t taken as much blood as Rupert, the dreams were different between them. Both he and Anastasia had said the bond wouldn’t be strong.
“Oh,” she simply said. “Well, I appreciate it regardless.”
Blake seemed more interested in the topic than her, as if he was just as new to it, as he had suggested. “You dreamed about him, and now you don’t?” he asked.
Candy nodded, finding it strange that it was him asking the questions now. “It was more than just a dream. It was like he was really in my mind. I hated it, and now. . . .” She cut herself off from saying, and now he’s gone because of you.
“I’m glad we could help,” he said, reinforcing his assertions that that was the only thing he wanted in the first place. It did make her feel better.
“Why do you hate my friends so much?” she asked.
“I don’t hate them. They annoy me is all.”
“They’re trying to help me. You understand that, right? They’re good people.”
“They are.”
Candy suspected he may have only said that to appease her. Since she had him out here answering questions, she figured she may as well ask some more.
“You don’t have a girlfriend?”
Blake laughed. “No, I don’t have a girlfriend.”
“Why not? You’re handsome and have a ton of money. I’m sure you could have any girl you want.”
“You know the answer.” Blake shifted his eyes to the yard as if he didn’t care for the new topic. “You’re uncomfortable around me because of what you think you know, because of what you think I am. That’s how most people react. It’s not easy to overcome.”
“Couldn’t you have a vampire girlfriend?”
Blake laughed again. “I suppose I could. It doesn’t exactly work that way.”
Candy thought about asking why and then decided against it. She looked out over the darkness in the distance of the lawn. She didn’t know how much she wanted to understand vampires. Then again, she wanted to understand Blake. She thought about the small bite he had given her, but it made her remember Rupert. She shivered.
“Are you okay?”
“What’s it like for vampires to bite people? What was it like when you bit me?”
“It can be a lot of different things. I think it depends on who it is and what they are feeling.”
Blake paused and stared out over the yard again. During the brief silence, Candy had the feeling he was at a loss for words.
“When I bit you, it wasn’t much. It was a small bite, but I felt the emotion coursing through your body,” he said. “It hurt me that you were afraid. Some of the unsavory of my kind enjoy that. I don’t want you to be afraid.”
“I want to trust you. I want you to beat the shit out of Rupert and his stupid family.”
Blake took her hand. She liked how smooth and cool his fingers felt. She liked that sense of security, knowing he was there and he wouldn’t let anyone harm her. His eyes went over the clothes she was wearing.
“Why don’t you get dressed into something more comfortable? You can take a shower if you’d like. My mother sent Renaldo out to get some stuff for you.”
They went into the mansion together. It felt strange being there without the Misfits. It also felt exciting being there alone with Blake. As soon as he shut the door, Candy heard footsteps on the landing at the top of the stairs.
“Here comes my family. Do you want me to tell them you want to be alone right now?” Blake said. “Oh, it’s my sister. You’ll like her.”
Candy lifted her head to the stairs and she was instantly hit with a jealousy that burned so deep she almost wanted to yell at the gorgeous woman with glossy black hair. The tall woman had a face and body to die for, with pouty lips and big amber eyes. She was dressed in stonewashed jeans and a plain blue shirt that fit the perfectly slender proportions of her body. Candy immediately noticed how much she resembled Anastasia, except she was six years or so older in appearance and a few inches taller, and their eyes weren’t the same at all.
“This is my sister, Wendi,” Blake said. “Wendi, this is Candy.”
“I’ve heard a lot about you,” Wendi said as she took a few hip-swinging steps towards them. “You’re as beautiful as my little brother described.”
Candy had to avert her eyes because she was now having the kinds of thoughts about a woman she had never had before, and had always been told was sinful and unnatural. Regardless, she found herself wondering what Wendi looked like without her clothes on.
“Nice to meet you,” Candy said awkwardly.
“They’re so cute when they’re shy,” Wendi said with an amazing smile. “You better get into the viewing room; our brothers are getting carried away with the upcoming contest.”
“Thanks,” Blake said.
“Well, I have things to do. I’m sure you boys can take care of all the details for the game. Kisses.” Wendi winked and headed out the front door.
“She seems nice,” Candy said.
“She takes after Mother for the most part. Let’s head upstairs. You’ll like the viewing room.”
Candy followed him up the stairs to the landing above. Two hallways extended out from both sides of the landing with a set of doors in between. Blake pushed the doors open and led his guest into what looked like a miniature movie theatre. Chester was on the stage talking with two other guys. She followed Blake as he hurried over to them.
“Hey,” Chester said. “I don’t think you’ve met our other brothers.”
The two new brothers looked to be roughly the same age as Chester and Blake, which was anywhere between eighteen and twenty-something. One of them had dark red hair and super pale skin. He may have been seventeen or even sixteen, he was so skinny; it was hard to tell.
“This is Chip,” Chester said in regard to the brother with light hair, blue eyes and, like every other vampire Candy had seen thus far, a pale face clean of facial hair. Chip gave her a friendly smile. He had on a button up shirt with a tan sweater tied over his shoulders. The boy with the red hair stepped forward.
“My name’s Cooper,” he said. “You can call me Coop.”
“Nice to meet you,” Candy said, thinking that this was the weirdest family she had ever met.
“So, we were going over some things.” Chester inclined his head to a white-board with red marker scribbled all over it. “We’ve come up with some ideas for the team. I want to clear it with you before I have the servants get to work on the jerseys.”
“You’re getting jerseys made?” Candy said.
“Sure,” said Chester. “The Brits will do the same I’m sure. Since it’s a team game with standard rules we should all have jerseys.”
Blake nodded agreement. “Of course. We have to take this very seriously,” he told Candy. “We need every advantage we can get. So, what kind of names did you come up with?”
“Coop was pushing for Mullin’s Marauders, but I had to veto that,” Chester said, which made Cooper narrow his eyes and purse his lips. “How about this one for a team name?” He pointed to a scribble Candy couldn’t decipher. “Balls Deep.”
“That’s perfect. I love it,” Blake said.
“Uh,” Candy said. “I don’t think you want to name your team that.”
Chester looked at her as if she was the girl who of course didn’t understand the guy stuff. “What? I think we know more about basketball than you. Blake here could have gone on to play with a good college, you know. After he became one of us, he did some moonlighting for a while; took all of the thugs for their hard earned drug money.”
Blake gave his brother a harsh stare.
“That was a long time ago,” Chester continued. “We still toss the ball around out back; friendly games between brothers. One of the specialties we came up with was full court shots—the deep balls. Hence, Balls Deep. You get it?”
“Sure,” Candy said to shut him up. “Balls Deep is . . . a good name.”
“Then it’s settled,” Chester said. “Hey Coop, go tell Stephanie to get started on the jerseys. I want them ready by tomorrow night.”
“Fuck you. Go tell her yourself.” Coop walked off the stage and then disappeared through one of the back doors. The remaining three brothers went on as if that was perfectly normal.
“We’ll need to get our strategies down,” Chester said. “Five on five isn’t the same as what we play out back. Are we allowed a coach?”
“Why would we need a coach? You’re looking into this too much,” Blake said. “Mother and that retarded lycan had a point: I don’t think the Brits know the first thing about basketball. They may be faster, but we know the game.”
“Medium Dave’s not retarded,” Candy said. “At least I don’t think he is.”
Blake smiled at her and then continued talking to his brother. “We can come up with some plays and call them on our own. I think I still have all of my stuff from high school in the basement somewhere, some of the old playbooks. I can dig those out a little later.”
“Just don’t procrastinate too long,” Chester said with a subtle nod towards Candy that no one missed. They also didn’t miss Chip making a circle with his finger and thumb, and then poking another finger in and out of it. “We need to be ready, Blake. I want to stomp these Brits into the ground.”
Blake slapped his brother on the shoulder and grinned broadly. “Now that I’ve had some time to think about it, there’s no doubt in my mind we’ll beat them. Let me get Candy settled in then we can get started.”
Blake put his arm around Candy’s shoulder and they went back out to the second floor landing. He started to lead her down one of the hallways.
“Where are we going?” She couldn’t get the image of Chip’s vulgar finger animations out of her head.
“Mother had one of the guest rooms made up for you. It has a full bathroom so you can shower if you want. I’ll have Renaldo bring your things up. He should be back soon.” Talking very quickly as if he had more important things to get to, he looked at a grandfather clock as they passed it. “If you’re tired you can go ahead and get some sleep. Just let Renaldo know, he’ll show you around now or when you wake up in the morning.”
Blake opened a door a little ways down the hall. The room beyond may have had more square footage than Candy’s entire house. There was a huge four poster bed, dressers, and several massive walk in closets. The far side of the room opened up into a spacious bathroom. They heard the front door downstairs open and close.
“That’s Renaldo. I’ll have him bring your things up,” Blake said.
“Where are you going?”
“You heard Chester, we need to practice. I’m looking forward to putting those Brits in their place.”
Blake stood there for a moment, leaning down close to Candy. She thought he might try to kiss her, but he didn’t. He smiled and then walked back down the hallway. She entered the room, shut the door, and went immediately into the bathroom. The blue tiles sparkled and all of the bronze faucets shimmered in the lighting. The walk-in shower had nozzles on three walls. There was even a digital display for water temperature and pressure. She set it to scalding hot, threw her clothes off and stepped in.
If heaven existed, it would surely be in the form of an amazing shower.
Candy washed with flowery scented body foam then relaxed beneath the hot sprays for at least an hour. Her skin steamed when she was done. She strained out her hair and tied a towel around herself. When she stepped around the corner of the bathroom she saw several bags on the bed. The door was closed; Renaldo must have dropped the bags in. She hoped he wasn’t perverted enough to have tried to look in on her.
The bags contained a plethora of clothing in her size. One was filled with shoes. She pulled out a plain blue dress and found a brush and toiletries in another bag. One of several clocks in the room showed it was a little after midnight. She wasn’t the least bit tired.
She sat on the bed and pulled on a pair of socks. Then she looked through the bag of shoes for anything that didn’t have heels to find there weren’t any. Lying back on the bed, she thought it should be illegal for anything to be this comfortable. She must have been more tired than she thought. It only took a few seconds to fall asleep.

Chapter Sixteen

A knock at the door woke Candy up.
She scrambled out of bed, surprised she had fallen asleep and even more surprised to find it was well past morning. The sun blazed through one of the bedroom windows and the digital clock on the nightstand read 10:33.
Candy shuffled over to the door. Then she turned around to face the bed. No one was there. She could have sworn Blake had been lying next to her. “What’s with these dreams?” She was content that it hadn’t been Rupert.
Renaldo waited on the other side of the door with his hands held politely in front of himself. “Your breakfast is ready, Miss Candy.”
“Oh, okay.” Candy ran a hand through her hair, which was super messy because she had fallen asleep with it still somewhat wet. She looked down at her crumpled dress and felt a little stupid. She thought about changing, and then decided she didn’t care. The handsome manservant escorted her down to the kitchen with messy hair, crumpled dress and all.
“I didn’t know how long you wanted to sleep,” Renaldo said in an apologetic tone. “I hope I didn’t wake you too late. Or too early.”
Candy rubbed the sleep out of her eyes. “It’s fine.”
Several maids were busy in the kitchen, which smelled of fresh bread and coffee. Renaldo led her to a table off to the side where they could see everyone hard at work. As the manservant stood there ready to wait on her, Candy thought she could get used to this.
“What would you like to eat?”
“What are they cooking?” Candy asked.
“They’re making their breakfast at the moment. They’ll make you anything you want.”
“Anything?”
“Anything.”
Candy thought it over for a moment. She remembered the simple breakfasts her mother used to make before school when she was a little girl—the simple comfort food she always desired. Those were the days before her mother fell off the wagon after her father ditched them for a younger woman.
“Can I suggest something?” Renaldo said. “The eggs Benedict are very good and we have bacon and sausage, unless you’re a vegetarian, in which case they can cut up some fresh fruit.”
“Can I get a bowl of hot cinnamon raisin oatmeal with a touch of milk?”
Renaldo’s brows scrunched. “Cinnamon raisin oatmeal? You can have anything you want, Miss Candy. Are you sure you don’t want something else?”
“Call me Candy, without the ‘miss,’ and yes that’s what I want. Cinnamon raisin oatmeal with a touch of milk. Hot.”
“Very well, Candy. What would you like to drink?”
“Orange juice is fine.”
Renaldo joined the other four servants in the kitchen. They all looked confused when he told them what Candy wanted. He had to argue with them before they set about making her breakfast. After about ten minutes, he returned with her food on a silver tray.
“I took the liberty of adding some toasted muffins with butter and jam,” he said. “I hope you enjoy it, Candy.”
“Thank you.”
The servants took their breakfast into another room at the back of the kitchen. Candy ate alone, hoping she hadn’t held up everyone else from eating at a normal time. Renaldo had also included the morning paper on the silver tray. Candy dug out the funnies. Before she was done eating, Renaldo returned.
“Is everything well, Miss Candy?”
“Just Candy.”
“Candy,” he said in a drawn out huff, as if being informal was a burden.
“Yes, it was fine. So what’s there to do around here?”
“What do you want to do?”
“I don’t know.”
“I’m at your disposal,” Renaldo said, looking both humble and less than enthusiastic. “Whatever you want, I am here.”
Candy stared at him for a moment; did she really have a servant for the day? She didn’t know how she felt about that; it had been a long time since she wanted to be a princess with servants. She asked if they could go to the city.
He said yes.
She asked if they could go to the mall.
He said yes. 
The amusement park?
Yes. 
The zoo? 
Yes. 
Burrito Trumpet? 
“I will take you anywhere you want to go so long as we return for dinner.”
Candy didn’t know what she wanted to do. The mall sounded promising.
“Might I suggest a movie?” Renaldo said. “There’s a nearly endless selection in the viewing room. We even get the popular movies a week or two before they are released to the public. Master Chester is fond of cinema.”
It had been a long time since she had seen a movie and she decided she could begin the day with one of her favorite animated movies from her childhood. Renaldo set up the viewing room, complete with snacks and drinks. After the movie started, he checked in to make sure she was comfortable. Candy insisted he watch with her. He did so reluctantly.
They spent the whole afternoon watching animated movies together. Renaldo fell asleep during the best part of the third one, right when the bunnies rose up against their weasel overlords.
“Perhaps we shouldn’t start another film since dinner will be ready shortly,” Renaldo said.
“Okay.” Candy shrugged. “Am I going to sit there and watch them cook again?”
“If you’d like.”
“Will the Mullins be awake by then?”
“Probably.”
“So what’s the deal with them? Do they have to sleep during the day? Will the sun hurt them or something?”
“I’m not sure,” Renaldo said, frowning. “And it’s not my place to reveal their secrets should I know any.”
Candy rolled her eyes. On their way down to the kitchen she was surprised to see Anastasia sitting in one of the armchairs reading the paper. She was dressed in a black polyester skirt and a pink mesh half-shirt that revealed a more than appropriate amount of her flaming white skin. Flip flops and blue toenail polish completed the outfit. She folded the paper and set it on a table.
“Good evening,” she said. “I hope you had a pleasant day.”
“Yes, Madam,” Renaldo said with a touch of sarcasm. He scampered off after Anastasia excused him.
“What did you do? Tell me about your day,” Anastasia said.
Candy stared at the weird vampire girl wearing an outfit inappropriate for a grown woman. And yet, the way Anastasia sat there inquiring about how the day had gone reminded Candy of those pointless “fill the time and pretend I care” conversations with her mother after school. Though Anastasia scared Candy to her core, she found the situation so silly she had to suppress laughter.
“Watched some movies,” Candy said.
“Interesting. The game is tomorrow night, are you ready?”
“I guess.” Candy thought about asking if they had to go through with it, if she couldn’t stay with them until the whole thing blew over. “Is there something I’ll need to do?”
“Aside from never leaving my sight? Nothing at all, my dear.”
Chester came down to join them. “Hey, Mom,” he said. “Have you seen Blake around?”
“No. I’ll be leaving for a business meeting shortly. Do me a favor and keep an eye on things while I’m away.”
Candy wondered what kind of business meeting Anastasia was going to dressed like that, and furthermore what kind of business meetings vampires attended in general. Chester nodded his understanding then Anastasia exited the room. Candy couldn’t hold back her curiosity.
“What kind of business does your mother have?”
Chester thought a moment. “The boring kind,” he said, smiling. “Vampires need to make a living, too.”
“Oh,” Candy said, frowning. It didn’t come as a surprise that vampires needed to make money, especially considering the Mullin’s lifestyle. She couldn’t imagine any kind of a business arrangement made with what appeared to be a fourteen year old girl, unless her partners knew she was a vampire.
“It’s not interesting stuff at all,” Chester said. “I help Mother with some of our business ventures. I’m happy to have a few days away from it now.”
For some reason, Candy had a feeling he wasn’t being completely honest and all sorts of things started running through her head. She’d make a point to ask Blake about it, maybe he would be more revealing. Just then Blake came downstairs, dressed casually in a plain blue shirt and jeans, and also wearing a wide grin. He went to her side and looked her up and down.
“I like that dress on you,” he said. “But why is it so wrinkled and why are you wearing tennis shoes?”
Candy shrugged. She didn’t really care for the heels in the bags upstairs. “These are comfortable.”
Blake reluctantly accepted her answer. “Are you hungry? There’s still some time before sundown. We’re going to get some practice in.”
They went to the kitchen together while Chester headed off to the den. Candy hadn’t noticed the lack of windows in the kitchen before. As a matter of fact, there weren’t any windows in the antechamber, though she had noticed the frames and shutters on the outside. They must have been bricked over on the inside.
Renaldo waited on her again, asking what she wanted to eat as if he was her personal waiter. She didn’t know and didn’t much care, so she told him she’d have whatever the servants were having. Blake sat with her and not long later the manservant returned with a silver tray—steak with a mushroom and onion sauce, spiced potatoes and buttered bread. He also put a bottle of red wine and two glasses on the table.
“You’re not eating anything?” Candy asked Blake.
“No,” he said, glancing distastefully at her food. “I don’t need to eat.”
The food smelled good. Candy cut into the medium-rare steak while Blake poured wine into each of their glasses.
“That’s not blood, is it?”
Blake laughed. “No.”
“I really don’t like wine.”
“You’ll like this. You can’t eat a fine meal like that without wine. It would be a travesty.”
Candy sipped it. Blake was right, it was better than she had expected. She took another bite of steak and then washed it down with a huge gulp of the earthen wine. It was without a doubt the best thing she had ever tasted. She pulled off a piece of warm bread to clean her plate with, paying little attention to Blake though she felt his eyes on her the whole time. She finished her wine and tipped the glass. Blake refilled it.
“How do you like it here so far?” he said.
“Are you kidding me? It’s perfect and you know it.”
“It can all be yours, you know. My family thinks you’re wonderful, me most of all.”
Candy gazed at him for a long moment. “What are you saying?”
“Stay here a while. Renaldo will take you to the city tomorrow and you can buy whatever you want. There are two huge closets to fill.”
That obviously sounded awesome. Like any other American girl, the offer to go on a spending spree was pretty much irresistible. Candy could get lost thinking about all of the things she could fill two closets with.
“Think about it,” Blake said.
Candy put her fork down and sat in thought. For the life of her, she wished Blake wasn’t a vampire, then this would be so much easier. She told herself this was exactly what she always wanted, and who wouldn’t? But that word clung in her mind, along with Tinch and the Misfit’s voices of warning: vampire.
Blake wasn’t anything like those British vampires. He was handsome and kind and rich. And he had saved her, Jimmy, and Medium Dave. Even still, she knew there was more to him than she could see. She barely knew him.
“What happened the other night with Rupert?” she asked him.
“He’s mostly all talk. Rupert and Vivian saw the writing on the wall; four against two weren’t odds they cared for and he knew a fight in my domain would look bad with the Magister. They took off.”
Candy thought about the night before when Blake said the Brits are faster and stronger. Blake seemed concerned, more than just a little worried, as if the Brits had been an ongoing problem for him and his brothers.
“Why don’t you come watch us practice?” Blake suggested.
Candy agreed. On their way to the backyard, they found Chester talking with Nigel over a game of pool in the den; there was four hundred dollars sitting on a side rail. Nigel didn’t appear to know his way around the pool table and the billiard he hit didn’t go anywhere near a pocket.
“I never did get the hang of this bloody game.” He looked up when Candy and Blake came in. “Hello, Blake. Hello, Candy. Feeling good about the game tomorrow?”
“No doubts whatsoever,” Blake said. “As a matter of fact, we’re about to go out back to practice.”
“Jolly good. I was just telling your brother here about the time these two chaps dueled over a young plantation girl down in Georgia. A bloody good show it was. They opened up with pistols and shot each other in the heart, but it didn’t end there.”
Chester sunk three billiards in quick succession and was lining up his last shot on the nine-ball. He made the shot and pocketed the money. Nigel didn’t look pleased at all.
“Cheeky bastard,” he said, forgetting about his story. “You led me to believe you weren’t any good at this game.”
“I did no such thing, Sir Nigel,” Chester said. “Rematch?”
“Another time.” Nigel placed his pool stick on the table and faced Blake. “As much as I’d like to remain impartial, I do hope you whoop the trousers off those scallywags. Disgusts me the way they run around as if they own the place.”
“What’s their deal anyway?” Candy said. “No disrespect to you Nigel, but why are British families here in the first place?”
“Those buggers are still bitter about The War,” Nigel said.
“The war?” said Candy. “You mean the Iraq War?”
Nigel gave her a quizzical look. “What? No.”
“The Vietnam War?”
“No,” Nigel said with a stupefied shake of his head. “I’m talking about The War—The War for American Independence. Or, as the English called it, The Rebellion of the Greedy, Tax Evading Yanks.”
“Wait. They are bitter about a war that took place like a hundred years ago?” Candy said.
“It was well over two hundred years ago,” Nigel said. “And yes, they are still bitter.”
Chester stepped in to derail the current conversation. “The sun will be down in about fifteen,” he said. “The jerseys are in the garage and I’m looking forward to practicing with them. Let’s round everyone up so we can get started.”
Nigel wandered off while Candy went with Chester and Blake to the garage, which easily fit two town cars, the red Ferrari, as well as a few other expensive vehicles. Chester laid out five blue jerseys on the hood of his Ferrari, expecting everyone to marvel over them, which Blake did like a kid on Christmas morning. Each jersey had “BALLS DEEP” on the front in red lettering, and on the back the name of a Mullin. They even had blue trunks with a red stripe down each side to match. After a few minutes, Cooper and Chip came in. They grabbed their jerseys and trunks then went back into the house to change.
Candy watched Blake practice basketball with his three brothers on the outdoor court behind the mansion. Tall stadium lights illuminated nearly the whole back yard and there were even aluminum bleachers on each side of the court. Blake had brought out a boom box and one of his mixed CD’s. The first song started up.
It’s a cruel summer.
The Mullin boys began their practice routine. Their abnormally white arms and legs made them look a little ridiculous as they passed the ball around, and Blake’s music didn’t help. A few eighties hits later, Candy was incredibly bored. She had forgotten how much she hated basketball. In the eleventh grade, she dated a guy on the varsity team. She ended up dumping him three weeks later because she couldn’t take sitting through the games anymore. She changed her mind once she saw the things the Mullins could do, terribly outdated soundtrack or not.
Chester’s accuracy was amazing as he easily sunk baskets from half-court. Candy had never seen anything like it before. Blake practiced alley-oops. She didn’t believe her eyes when he easily jumped above the ten foot rim, since he was only about five foot ten, and usually only really tall white guys could dunk. Blake had no problem jumping from the top of the key to catch a pass and slam it in the basket.
Watching the Mullins at work, Candy felt good about their chances. With the way they were playing, she didn’t know why they had ever doubted themselves. After some time, Wendi showed up in sweat pants and a white sports shirt. The boys gave her grief for being late and for not having her jersey. She went immediately over to the boom box and took out Blake’s CD.
“I don’t need to wear the jersey for practice,” she said snidely. “And Balls Deep? Are you serious? You four are seriously retarded.”
Chester waved her off. “Everyone else likes it. What’s the big deal?”
“Never mind,” Wendi said with a wave of her hand and a roll of her eyes. “I’m only doing this because I hate those British assholes. I can’t wait to kick their worthless fucking teeth in.”
“Do we have to hear about this again?” Coop said. “Hayden ripped out your heart and stomped on it. We get it, he’s an asshole. Move the fuck on.”
Wendi flipped him off. Cooper grabbed his crotch and flicked his tongue in front of his fangs. Of all the brothers, Candy would have thought the skinny, redheaded Coop would be the modest one. Looks can be deceiving, she supposed.
Wendi replaced the CD in the boom box with one of her own and heavy rock music blared out into the night. Candy didn’t care for that kind of music and she couldn’t remember the name of the song or the angry band who sang it way back in the nineties, but it was better than her brother’s eighties mix.
The next hour would have been an extension into the dreary land of boredom had Candy not enjoyed Wendi bouncing around so much. A lot of grunge and metal from the nineties played on her CD; that, combined with the hardcore expression on her face as she played with her brothers, made her look like a complete badass. And undeniably sexy. Never mind she was a vampire as well. Candy was glad when she sat next to her on the bleachers. She noticed then that none of them sweated; another vampire oddity she’d have to get used to.
“I hate this game.” Wendi watched her bothers practicing for a moment, shaking her head. “You realize we’re going to lose, right?”
The statement surprised Candy. “No you won’t,” she said. “Look at them. I’ve never seen anything like it. Look at how quick they are and how high they can jump.”
At times they went into a drill where they passed and shot the ball, moving faster than Candy thought anyone could sprint, and they did it from a standstill—one push off, one stride, and they were hauling ass down the court.
“The Brits are faster,” Wendi said with a snorting laugh. “They are older and stronger. Aside from Chester, the rest of us haven’t been vampires nearly as long.”
“Oh,” Candy said. “Don’t you think your knowledge of the game will help?”
“A little, but the only way we’ll win is if we play dirty. Unfortunately, my idiot brothers play by the rules. That’s where I come in. I’m going to make Hayden wish he had never. . . .”
Wendi jumped up and kicked a ball that had rolled next to the bleachers. It disappeared into the night. Candy gulped, but she wasn’t anything if not curious.
“I shouldn’t pry, but what did he do?”
Wendi glared at her. “Take your own advice and don’t pry.”
Wendi wandered back out onto the basketball court, found a ball, and beamed Cooper on the back of the head with it. While they shouted at each other, Candy decided to retire to her room for the night. She sorted the shoes and hung the clothes Renaldo had brought the night before and then she took a shower in the awesome bathroom. As she lay in bed trying to fall asleep, she started to enjoy the idea of living in a mansion.

Chapter Seventeen

Candy crawled out of the impossibly comfortable bed at around noon the next day. The first thing that came to her mind was the lack of dreams involving vampires. What she did dream about had been pleasantly normal, if an anxiety dream about being on the brink of failing a class could be counted as such. As far as Candy was concerned, it counted.
As she rolled out of bed she saw the cell phone Melvin had given her on the nightstand. Her next thought was that she hadn’t checked in with the Misfits. They hadn’t called her, either. She was worried about them, and she hated herself for not thinking to call. She also hadn’t called her mother or her best friend. She thought about calling Amanda for a moment, and then decided now wasn’t the best time. The address book in her cell phone showed each Misfit’s number. She selected Jimmy’s entry. He sounded overly concerned when he answered.
“Candy? Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Silence. “Are you there?”
“Yes.” Silence again. “You should have called yesterday.”
“I know. I’m sorry.”
“I don’t like you being there. I—” He didn’t finish his thought.
“I’m fine. I know you don’t like me being here, and I don’t like it either.” She paused, hoping he couldn’t hear the lie for what it was. “Are you all okay? You haven’t run into any trouble, have you?”
“None,” Jimmy said. “Chester called Dave and told him where the game will be. I can’t. . . .” He paused again. “I don’t like being away from you like this. I know we’re not dating, but I care about you. I’ve never felt this way about anyone before.”
“Jimmy—”
“You think I’m a total dork now, don’t you?”
“No.”
“You like it there, don’t you?”
Candy had to answer right away or he might become suspicious, so she said what first came to mind. “It’s not as great as you think it is.” She scrunched her eyes and silently cursed. Anyone with an ounce of common sense could easily read between the lines. “I’ll see you tonight, Jimmy.”
He didn’t say anything and Candy thought she had blown it. Though she really did like the Misfits, she was so confused she didn’t know what to say. She had dealt with plenty of love struck boys, but this confounded her. Finally, Jimmy said, “Okay. See you there.”
He hung up. Candy knew that wasn’t good.
She fell back on the bed and sighed, feeling bad for him and wondering why she had led him on, why she had kissed him. She knew why. He was kind and handsome. He had saved her and gone through all kinds of trouble with her, trying to help her. She stared at the ceiling for a long time until Renaldo knocked on the door.
“Are you well, Miss Candy?”
Candy sighed again. She wasn’t sure she felt like having Renaldo waiting on her all day. She strolled over to the door in the shirt and shorts she had fallen asleep in.
“Can I get you anything?” he said.
“I’m fine, thank you. I need to shower.”
“Very well. Shall I have lunch or breakfast prepared for you?”
“Whatever you want.”
Candy didn’t think she would ever get out of the shower. She had to though, it gave her way too much time to think, and she didn’t want to think anymore. She dried off and got dressed, opting for a blue blouse and jeans as she checked through the bags. She put sneakers on with it, refusing to wear anything that wasn’t conducive to running.
Renaldo waited on her like he had before. A light brunch of salad with chicken waited for her in the kitchen. While she ate, Renaldo asked when she would like to go to the city. Though he was a pleasant man, she didn’t want to go anywhere with him. She didn’t want to do anything except maybe zone out in front of a television so she wouldn’t have to think about everything. Unless she went to her room, Renaldo wouldn’t leave her side. She ended up going to the den with the manservant on her heels to watch some television. A daytime talk show featuring formerly semi-famous women was perfect for shutting down higher brain functions.
Renaldo sat down on the other side of the room, crossing one leg over the other and propping open a book. Candy turned her head to him.
“Why don’t you watch TV with me?”
He gazed up from the book. “I shouldn’t. I’m working.”
“You’re reading a book.”
Renaldo frowned. He closed his book and sat beside her on the comfortable leather couch.
“Are you going to follow me all day?” Candy said.
Renaldo’s frown deepened. “It’s my job. You’re my responsibility.”
“They don’t want me running around their house unattended?”
“It’s nothing personal, I’m sure. No one wants people running around their house.”
“But I’m a guest,” Candy countered. “Guests can generally do such things. You people are seriously uptight.”
“You would be too if you were completely helpless while you slept during the day.”
Renaldo immediately slapped both hands over his mouth as if he had revealed some great secret. Candy laughed, feeling a little bad for the poor manservant. And then she wondered what Anastasia might do to one of her servants who revealed a family secret. She didn’t put anything past the creepy little girl.
“Don’t worry, Renaldo. I won’t tell anyone.”
He was visibly relieved, which made her wonder even more. She imagined dainty, little Anastasia (those attributes didn’t make her any less frightening) scolding him, or worse.
Candy had to settle on passing time in front of the television, which worked for the most part as it numbed her mind so that she didn’t think about anything until evening approached. After that point, she couldn’t get her mind off the basketball game and what Wendi had told her during practice the night before. The realization suddenly hit that her fate would soon be decided, and it may not turn out good. Her stomach fluttered with butterflies. The idea that she may have to go with Rupert chilled her to the bone.
When Blake finally came down, she wrapped her arms around him.
“Please win tonight!”
They looked into each other’s eyes, and then he leaned in to kiss her. His lips were cool but otherwise perfect, and his embrace revealed his unnatural strength. His tongue found hers in a gentle caress. She noticed there was no taste in his mouth or scent on his breath other than a nearly imperceptible metallic tang.
“I won’t let them take you,” he said.
Candy rested her head against his chest. There was no beating heart within him. She took a sudden step away, but Blake didn’t intend to have his moment ruined. He pulled her back into his embrace. Beating heart or not, in his arms she felt safe. For the first time since that night with Rupert, she truly felt as if she had no worries.
“Let’s get ready for tonight,” he said. “You have nothing to worry about. These Brits don’t know what’s coming.”
When Candy lifted her head he leaned in for another kiss. She welcomed it, his kiss unlike any she had known before, full of experience and passion. In the corner of her vision Anastasia stood near the door, smiling while she watched before she turned to walk away. A moment later, Chester came into the den, and then Chip with a stupid grin when he saw them together.
“Okay, lovebirds,” Chester said. “Mother’s waiting so let’s get dressed and ready to go. I want to get to the stadium early so we can get some practice in before the Brits show up.” 
Everyone was dressed and ready by seven o’clock. Candy and Blake rode with Anastasia and Wendi in one of the day-proof town cars that Renaldo was driving. The rest of the Mullins rode in a second town car. Candy couldn’t see where they were going through the obscured windows and her nerves were on edge once again. Both Anastasia and Wendi seemed able to sense this, as if her anxiety gave off a distinct odor they could smell.
“I wish I could promise we’ll win tonight,” Wendi said with a grin, as if she enjoyed Candy’s unease and wanted to bring out more. She had her long black hair tied off in a pony tail that ran down her back. “I wouldn’t get your hopes up too much.”
Anastasia gave her a sideways glance, though she didn’t say anything. Blake glared at his sister and said, “You’re such a downer. Just keep your head in the game, remember everything we went over, and there’s no way we can lose.”
“It would do you well to take after your brother more,” Anastasia added.
“Oh sure, Mother,” Wendi said in the snide way an insolent teen might to an actual adult parent, which Candy thought was way freaking odd in their case. “I hope you have a reason to put so much faith in Blake.”
Wendi turned her dark eyes on Candy. The vampire hadn’t been exactly pleasant the night before at practice, but the way she acted now caught Candy a little off guard. It made her wonder what she did to deserve such ire.
“Stop picking on your brother,” Anastasia said, once again in a detached way. “I’d like some peace and quiet now.”
Peace and quiet she got. No one said another word until the town car came to a stop and the driver opened the door. Candy didn’t know what to make of Wendi. She seemed like one of those people who always saw the glass as half empty. Wendi was an instigator, an effect achieved with her eyes alone, which Candy had to endure over the rest of the silent trip.
“This is the stadium of the local amateur team,” Blake said when they got out of the car. They were in a tunnel the teams used to get down into the locker rooms. “My high school team played a state championship game here in my senior year.”
The other Mullins walked on ahead. When Blake took Candy’s hand, she worried Jimmy might see if the Misfits had already arrived. Then again, she wasn’t sure if she cared. She went ahead and pulled her hand gently away, feigning to scratch her head.
“When was that?” she asked.
Blake opened his mouth to answer then gave her an amused look. “Are you trying to trick me? You won’t like the answer.”
“Why not? I already told you it doesn’t matter. It’s not as if you look like an old man or something.”
Blake laughed. “I guess you’re right,” he said, though he still didn’t answer.
Candy stopped and crossed her arms. “I want to know,” she said. “It’s not a good sign that you’re trying to keep secrets from me.”
Blake forced a smile. “Nineteen eighty-nine.”
“Holy shit you’re—” She stopped to think a moment, counting in her head. “Fifty years old?”
“I said you wouldn’t like the answer. And I’m forty. I was nineteen when I was made.”
“Wow.” Some things made sense now. “What were the eighties like?”
Blake put his arm around her shoulder, laughing a little. “The eighties were by far my favorite. The seventies sucked, but I was a kid and didn’t really notice. The nineties were far too depressing, but I was a young vampire and didn’t really care.”
They came into the main area of the stadium, which was completely empty except for Candy and the Mullins. It didn’t look quite as big as a professional stadium, though it was close. The scoreboard above the court was lit up and read double zeroes for both sides. Anastasia took a seat courtside while the Mullin children grabbed some basketballs.
“How is this possible?” Candy said, looking around the empty stadium.
“Anything’s possible with the right amount of money. Amateur basketball isn’t exactly a booming business. It didn’t take much of a donation,” Anastasia said.
Blake trotted out onto the court with his brothers and sister. Candy took a seat next to Anastasia, wondering how many girls Blake had been with over the course of twenty years as a vampire. She realized she actually didn’t know if vampires could do normal things with girls. She supposed they could; either way, it had her curious.
“When will the Misfits be here?” she asked Anastasia.
“Chester informed them where it is. They’ll be here soon, I’m sure. Ah, there’s Nigel.”
Nigel was on the other side of the court dressed in a striped black and white referee uniform. He hurried over to take the seat on Anastasia’s right.
“I’m bloody excited,” he said, grinning widely. “It’s been a good long while since I had the pleasure of witnessing a duel. This may be a sissy duel, but I expect plenty of blood regardless.”
Candy was taken aback when Anastasia had a good laugh. “I don’t expect it to be pretty,” the little vampire girl said. “I hope as the referee you can keep up with the action, Sir Nigel.”
“I can keep up with these whippersnappers.”
There were other people coming into the stadium. They sat in groups throughout the rows of seats, talking amongst themselves while watching the Mullins practice. After a few minutes there were seven different groups. Candy didn’t recognize any of them. Some of them looked like normal, everyday people, while others were extremely pale and dressed in old fashioned clothes. A chill ran through her—they were all vampires.
Nigel excused himself to go talk with the other groups of vampires. Candy heard familiar voices—the Misfits had shown up, sitting one row over. She stood up to go over to them.
“Don’t wander too far,” Anastasia said. “Trust me when I say some of the other vampires here make the Kingsleys look like harmless little boys in comparison. Speaking of which, the Magister will be coming over here in a few minutes. Do try to remember our goal.”
Candy nodded, then she moved over to take the seat next to Felicia.
“How was it at the vampire mansion?” Felicia asked with a wry smile.
“Fine,” Candy said, glancing at Jimmy. “Nothing special.”
“Nothing special my ass.” Felicia followed Chester on the court with her eyes. “I need to nab me a filthy rich vampire stud.”
Jimmy’s face burned. He hadn’t said a word since coming in.
“What’s with all of the vampires?” Melvin said. “I don’t like this.”
Candy followed his eyes to the Mullins and all of the other vampires. “I don’t know,” she said. “I don’t like it either.”
“Whoa!” White Paul blurted out, his eyes locked on Wendi. “Who’s the hot chick?”
“She’s a vampire, dipshit. One of the Mullins,” Melvin said.
White Paul read the name on her jersey aloud, “Wendi.” He leaned back in his chair with a wide grin.
Candy stared at Jimmy until he looked at her. She stood up and beckoned with a swing of her head for him to follow her to the tunnel. He did so, though he made it a point to show his displeasure. She paused at the edge of the tunnel when she saw two guards posted at the other end. When she turned to face Jimmy, his eyes went straight to her neck.
“What?” she said. “Don’t look at me like that.”
“Look at you like what, a vampire lover?”
“Fuck you.”
“Is that why you called me back here? To tell me to fuck off and you want nothing to do with me anymore? I’ve come to expect as much from girls like you.”
“Don’t give me that shit. You know damn well there was no other choice.”
“Right.” Jimmy rolled his eyes. “Did you get into his coffin with him?”
Candy slapped him hard across the face and then tried to walk past him to the seats. He grabbed her and pinned her against the corner of the tunnel entrance, then planted a kiss on her lips, whether she wanted it or not. While it was a damn good kiss, it was nothing like the kiss with Blake. And unlike the kiss with Blake, she could easily push Jimmy away. They stared at each other for a moment with pure hatred in their eyes, then Candy jumped up and wrapped her legs around his waist, jamming her tongue in his mouth.
“I missed you,” he said when he came back up for a breath.
Candy let go of him and looked down on the stadium seats. She cursed at herself, but then again she didn’t care if anyone might have seen her. No one seemed to be paying them any attention anyway. She wondered what it was about Jimmy that made her want him so much.
“Felicia and the others are right,” he said, angst returning to his voice. “The vampires are only doing this because of your blood, because of whatever makes it so special. That’s all they want from you, Candy.”
“You don’t know that,” she said softly. “Why are you doing all of this for me? We both know why. They do it for blood and you do it to get into my pants. What’s the difference?”
“The difference is they are fucking vampires. And you’re more to me than sex. Believe it or not I like you because of who you are.”
“What do you want me to say?”
“Say you’ll leave here with me. Say it because I love you, because I couldn’t sleep while you were with those freaks. Say it because I don’t want to live without you. Because you’re the only good thing I’ve ever had in my miserable life.”
Candy dropped her eyes to the floor; fuck him for doing this to her; fuck him for doing the same thing every other guy did who she let get too close. They were all the same and they all wanted the same thing. Fuck him.
But she couldn’t break him like that. She couldn’t deny her feelings.
“You’re going way too fast,” she said. “I’ll forever be grateful to you, but I don’t want us to have a short lived relationship built on adrenaline. We need to slow down some.”
Jimmy nodded, hanging his head. Candy couldn’t read him otherwise. If he was pissed off or heartbroken, she couldn’t tell. He reached out for her hand. She was relieved when Nigel’s voice boomed over the loudspeaker.
“I’m bloody pleased to announce both teams are now here and the game will be commencing shortly. Let the challenge begin!”
Candy looked back at Jimmy before she went to her seat next to Anastasia. “It will be over soon,” she said. “Talk to you then.”

Chapter Eighteen

Nigel stood in the middle of the court with a microphone, beaming with excitement over the event. The Mullins had gathered near one of the hoops with their game faces on. Candy sat courtside on Anastasia’s left, her legs in a nervous jitter, with the Magister on her right. The groups of vampires were just as excited about the event as Nigel.
Candy looked over at the Misfits. Jimmy offered a weak smile.
“Welcome!” Nigel said over the speakers. “Welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome, vampires and blood connoisseurs. Welcome mortal and lycans. Welcome to the show of the century! Tonight, two families will battle it out for the grace of the young and lovely Candy.”
Nigel stretched out his hand towards Candy and vampires craned their necks to get a look at her. She hid her burning face in her hands while whispers carried through the stadium.
“Jolly good,” Nigel boomed. “And now to the teams. Over here,” he pointed a hand to the Mullin team, “Balls Deep!”
The only sound was Anastasia clapping.
“Balls Deep?” White Paul said. “You have to be kidding me. Tell me that’s a joke.”
“I don’t think it is,” Felicia said with a laugh. Much to the chagrin of her fellow Misfits, she clapped loudly and whistled. Some of the vampire spectators joined in with a few half-hearted claps as well.
“And now the opposing team,” Nigel said. “Playing for the girl and the pride of the Mother Island—Blood Court!”
One of the vampire groups stood and cheered as four vampires came out of a tunnel on the other side of the court. Candy saw Hayden, Rupert, and Vivian, as well as another guy she assumed to be their brother. The Misfits booed, and Candy wanted to join in but she thought it might upset Anastasia or the Magister. The four members of Blood Court walked out onto the basketball court. In the corridor, Candy saw the shadow of a hulking figure walking slowly towards them. Wendi glared at Hayden, who smiled back at her.
Blake stepped next to Hayden and said, “What’s the deal, Brit? Where’s your fifth?”
Hayden winked at Wendi before turning to face Blake.
“Nice name, chump,” he said. “We’ll see what balls go deep after the game tonight.”
And then the fifth Blood Court member emerged from the tunnel. Everyone’s jaw dropped at the size of the colossal man who stood well over seven feet tall. He had a craggy, square face and by the looks of his teeth he might have been chewing on rocks. The giant laced his fingers together and stretched out his arms, popping all of the knuckles.
Cooper’s eyes went wide. “Who the fuck is that?”
“My cousin,” Hayden said with a wicked grin. “Harold.”
“Greetings, puny Americans,” Harold said in a distinctly Western Bloc accent.
Blake’s eyes went just as wide as everyone else’s. “That is not your cousin.”
“’E’s ’r cuzin if I says ’e’s ’r cuzin, you fawkin’ twat!” Vivian screeched.
The members of Blood Court had a good laugh as they walked away. The Brits had their names on the back of their crimson jerseys like the Mullins did: Hayden, Rupert, Vivian, and Gavin. Printed on the back of Harold’s jersey in huge white letters was the name MEATRACK.
“We are so dead,” Coop said.
Blake spun around. “That guy’s nothing more than a hunk of muscle. We can run circles around him. Those Brits screwed themselves this time.”
Chip smacked a hand down on his shoulder. “If you say so. I, for one, will do everything I can to avoid that beast the whole game.”
Nigel walked to the center of the court with a whistle in the corner of his mouth. Thankfully, he didn’t have the microphone anymore. He waved both teams over.
“Let’s have a clean game,” he said, and then he laughed, shaking his head at his own silly statement. “The rules have been set. Four fifteen minute quarters with a ten minute break after the second. The winning team will be the one who puts the ball through one of those basket-net-things the most. Any questions?”
Everyone stared at him.
“Jolly good!”
Blake and Meatrack faced off at the center of the court. Blake stood in front of the behemoth and glanced up to his eyes, trying hard not to look intimidated. Meatrack glared back down at him with a grin curling up one side of his square face.
“I must break you,” Meatrack said.
Nigel took the game ball and joined them at the center. He put the whistle to his mouth while holding the ball down by his knees in the palm of one hand. Players of both teams spread out, readying themselves for the tipoff. Nigel blew the whistle then threw the ball up into the air.
Blake jumped up as fast as he could. Meatrack didn’t jump at all. Instead, he cocked back one of his massive arms. As Blake reached out to tip the ball down to Chester, a massive fist slammed into his gut. Blake flew across the court, plowing into the seats, ripping a few of them out of the concrete floor.
Candy screamed and the Misfits stood and booed. All of the other spectators clapped vigorously, including Nigel. Meatrack snagged the ball out of the air and threw it to Hayden, who caught it and slammed it into the basket.
“Foul!” Chester screamed. “Blow the fucking whistle!”
Nigel stopped clapping long enough to blow the whistle. Blake came out of the seats on shaky legs. He stood there for a moment clutching his gut. Candy knew what was coming from the look on his face. The other Mullins must have known as well—they all scrambled away from him.
A torrent of blood the likes of which Candy didn’t think possible exploded from Blake’s mouth. The horrible sound of it alone was enough to make her, the Misfits, and the vampire spectators cringe. For a full five seconds, blood erupted from his mouth until an unbelievable quantity covered the sideline. It was like watching a wreck on the side of the road—Candy wanted to look away, but she couldn’t. The blood quickly congealed into a sickly black mess. Blake swooned and doubled over with his arms dangling down to the floor.
“Two points for Balls Deep!” Nigel said.
Rupert stomped over to him. “They don’t just get the points, wanker! They have to make the free throws.”
“Jolly good!”
Nigel threw the ball to Blake, who didn’t make an attempt to catch it. The ball bounced off his head and landed in the pool of blood where it stuck like it had hit tar.
Chester rushed over to Blake. “Holy shit! Are you okay?”
Blake shook his head and moaned. Blood dripped from his nose and eyes.
“You have to take your shots,” Chester said. “Oh, man. We are seriously screwed.”
Renaldo, not looking happy at all, came out with buckets and mops to clean up the mess.
Blake, with pure determination on his ghastly white face, tried to walk over to the free throw line. He stumbled and went head first over the scorekeeper’s table. Chester and Chip had to help him get into position for his foul shots.
“You sure you want to go on?” Rupert chortled. He glanced at Candy and winked. “Throw in the towel now and save yourself some shame.”
 Coop and Wendi bristled, but they backed down when Meatrack strolled over to his place for the free throws. Blake weakly dribbled the ball a couple of times and, with blood still on his mouth and chin, he looked up at the basket. He teetered side to side before throwing the ball straight down at his feet. Then he fell backwards.
“That shot counts,” Hayden said through laughter. “He missed the first shot.”
“Hey, Hayden,” Wendi said. “Have I ever told you how much I hate you? I have dreams about stringing you up by your little British balls and watching as the sun rises to burn your worthless flesh. I savor the scent of it. I catch it in bottles so I can forever smell your burnt carcass.”
The smile on Hayden’s face instantly vanished. Nigel watched on in anticipation, rubbing his hands together.
“Bloody hell she’s saucy,” he said.
Chester and Chip helped Blake back up to his feet. Blake dribbled the ball feebly while he took aim. He wobbled for a moment, and then he threw the ball way over the backboard. Hayden and Rupert cackled with glee.
“Shit,” Chester said. “Maybe we should keep him on defense until he recovers. Just keep him beneath our basket.”
Chip guided Blake over to his team’s basket. Vivian took the throw in, with Coop covering him. Wendi covered Hayden while Chester moved to cover Rupert. When Chip saw that Meatrack was his man to cover, his eyes went wide like a kid confronted by the most terrible monster of his nightmares and he went to cover Gavin instead. With Meatrack wide open, Vivian threw the ball to him. The enormous Russian caught it and took four bounding steps that covered the whole length of the court.
Blake made a meager attempt to block the oncoming train. Meatrack kicked him in the face as he slammed the ball through the basket, sending the Mullin flying backwards. Candy winced and the Misfits shook their heads. The game had been going for less than a minute and Blake already looked half dead.
“Foul!” Chester cried.
“Incidental,” Nigel said. “If anything Blake charged Harold.”
“He traveled!”
Nigel tilted his head. “Travel? Where was he going?”
Chester balled up his fists while Nigel pulled out a little book containing the rules to basketball and started flipping through it. Candy hung her head, wondering if she should try to make an escape now.
“It will be okay, dear,” Anastasia said, patting her gently on the shoulder. “The Magister has informed me that we may have cause for an appeal.”
Nigel ended up ruling that Meatrack did indeed travel, so the score remained zero to zero. Blake took his bloody-mouthed, ashen-faced position beneath his team’s basket again. Wendi took the throw in and with a perfect pick from Coop she tossed the ball to Chester. Chester took a half court shot that hit nothing but net. The score changed to 3 – 0. White Paul moved over to the seat next to Candy.
“At least they are winning,” he said. “So, tell me about Wendi.”
Candy ignored him. Anastasia didn’t.
“You’ll stay away from my daughter if you know what’s good for you, lycan. I mean that literally, not as a threat from myself. She will tear your heart out and eat it.”
White Paul, a little mortified and very intrigued at the same time, retreated back to his seat. Candy missed the blow Meatrack delivered to the side of Coop’s face. His eye was smashed and bloody, but he made both of the foul shots. 5 – 0. Some hope began to renew within her.
It didn’t last long.
With the exception of Wendi, Meatrack manhandled the Mullins one at a time. He smashed Chester’s nose into a bloody mess and he uppercut Blake in the groin. Chip ran screaming like a girl with the hulking Russian chasing him out of bounds, and then he punched the fleeing Mullin on the back of the head. By the end of the first quarter, the home team looked like they had walked through a warzone. Candy didn’t have much hope for their 33 – 22 lead if they would all be dead soon.
Balls Deep huddled at their bench on the sideline near Candy and Anastasia. Blake collapsed on the bench, looking utterly worn out. They were all bloodied and battered except for Wendi. She took up the battle call.
“Listen up you pussies,” she said, to which the Mullin boys glared at her unmarred face. “We need to play rough if we want to keep up. Chip, you’re the best at running like a bitch, so I want you to taunt Meatrack and keep him occupied.”
Wendi slapped his arm when he tried to protest.
“Chester and Coop, I want you to run mid-court patterns. Get the ball to Chester as much as you can for the deep shots. So long as we keep hitting those quick threes, we may have a chance to keep this lead. On defense, stall them out as much as you can. Swat at the ball. Get it out of bounds if you have to; anything to buy time. Just don’t let them hit any threes.”
She turned her head to Blake and rolled her eyes. “Blake, you stay mid-court and do what you can. Run screens for Chester.”
“What are you going to do?” Coop asked her.
Wendi punched her open palm. “Payback,” she said, her face matching the sinister words. “I’m going to make them sorry they showed up tonight.”
By the start of the second quarter, Blake was at least able to move around, though he was still mostly worthless. Chip tried taunting the ugly communist to give the rest of his team a chance. “Hey! I dug up your mother’s bones last night and pissed on them.”
Everyone else did whatever they could to escape the wrath of Meatrack. Blake wasn’t nearly as fortunate. Being out in the middle of the court, he got run down several times by the Russian freight train. It sounded once as if some bones had snapped.
Wendi’s plan worked otherwise. She did her part, roughing up Gavin by kicking in his knee, the sickening sound of which made everyone cringe and gasp. She tackled Rupert and head butt his face several times, leaving teeth scattered over the floor. She tried to tackle Vivian, but the crazed British bastard met her head on and it turned into a fistfight from which she had to run.
The plan only worked until Wendi became Meatrack’s new target. With Wendi now running for her life, Chip was free to insert himself into the patterns Chester and Coop were running. They hit a few more three-pointers, but it wasn’t enough to make up for all of the foul shots Blood Court had hit, thanks to Wendi’s roughhousing. At the end of the half the score was Balls Deep 62 and Blood Court 58.
Candy went to the team at the sideline. White Paul and Felicia came down to join them as well. Blake slumped into a chair, his face terribly ashen and lifeless.
“Is he going to be okay?” Candy asked.
Coop waved his hand. “He’s done. There’s no way we can keep hold of the lead. Hayden gave up whatever romantic notion kept him from loosing that ugly Russian fuck on Wendi. We can’t keep the lead in a straight up game.”
Wendi crossed her arms over her chest and gazed at Candy, her eyes narrowed. White Paul nudged up next to her.
“I played a little ball back in junior high,” he said. “I can take Blake’s place.”
“Who’s this idiot?” Wendi said, glaring at White Paul with her scary, amber eyes. “You see the hits we’re taking out there? You’d be dead after the first minute.”
“You underestimate me, sweetie. Put me in and you won’t be disappointed.”
“First of all, we can’t substitute. Second, you’re not a Mullin. Third, get away from me before I rip your throat out.”
White Paul grinned. “Dirty talk, I like the sound of that.”
Wendi ignored him. “Blake needs blood. That would get him right back into the game and we’d have a fighting chance.”
Candy didn’t like the way Wendi looked at her.
“It’s the only way,” Wendi said. “We lose otherwise.”
“Whoa, wait a minute,” Felicia said. “He can’t drink her blood. What about all of that blood lust shit?”
“Me and the boys will be there,” Wendi said. “We’ll get Blake off before he takes too much. Before Candy . . . you know. It’s a risk we have to take.”
“No,” Blake rasped. “It’s too risky. I don’t want to hurt her.”
“He’s right. It’s too risky,” Felicia said. “Take my blood instead.”
“Don’t be stupid,” Wendi snapped. “I smelled your piss blood the second you came into the building. Lycan blood won’t do anything for him other than turn him rabid.”
Felicia frowned. She, along with everyone else, didn’t have an answer. Candy looked over her shoulder at Jimmy, who was watching them with mixed interest and skepticism. She turned back to Felicia and White Paul.
“Get Jimmy out of here for a few minutes,” she said. “I don’t want him to see this. Don’t let him come back until the start of the next half.”
They both nodded and went back to the other Misfits. They talked for a minute, and then they all stood up and went into the tunnel. Candy and the Mullins hurried down into the locker room.
“This isn’t a good idea,” Blake said. “I could hurt you . . . and your blood. . . .”
He let his words die off when he saw the Magister leaning against a locker with his arms crossed, watching them. Candy glanced at him as well. She tried to ignore him.
“There’s no choice now,” she said. “It’s either this or I leave with Rupert. Which do you want?”
 Blake sighed, resignation in his gray eyes. “Pull me off after a few seconds. You can’t let the bond happen. I love her. I love her with all of my heart and I won’t be able to stop myself.”
Candy barely had time to see Wendi’s eyes rolling before Blake snatched her into his embrace. His tongue was instantly in Candy’s mouth, his hands cradling her head, his fingers running through her hair. Candy closed her eyes, felt his breath on her neck. She took two handfuls of his hair and braced herself.
Her eyes shot open and she gasped as pain lanced down her neck, surging down through her body. The rest of her body flared into hot passion, the two forces meeting at her heart in a battle of pain and lust the likes of which she had only felt one other time. She grinded her hips into Blake and held onto his hair, forcing his face down into her neck while she did her best to hold back the scream that built inside of her.
Hands were on her, trying to pry her grip from Blake. Arms were around her torso, trying to pull her away. She wanted to scream at them. She was ready to explode and she didn’t want it to end. Her heart raced a thousand miles an hour, pumping her life away into Blake’s mouth, connecting their hearts into one. And then it ended.
Candy reached out for him, but Wendi had her in a bear hug. Coop and Chester each had one of Blake’s arms while Chip pushed against his chest. Blake looked absolutely crazed, his eyes blood red.
“Jesus,” Wendi said, as if she had never seen anything like that before.
The Mullin brothers marched Blake out of the locker room. Candy watched, along with the Magister. When they were gone, Wendi turned Candy around to face her.
“Are you all right?”
Candy nodded dumbly. Her neck spiked with pain and her legs wobbled. She had been so close; so close to the rapture; so close to the climax; so close to Blake’s heart and everything she ever wanted. Wendi leaned in close, brushed the yellow hair away from Candy’s neck.
“Let me lick it,” she said. “It will close the wound faster.”
Wendi’s tongue lapped the fresh puncture marks, sending fire through Candy once again. Candy grabbed onto her hips with both hands and tried to pull her in, tried to find her mouth with her own. Wendi held her away.
“Slow down. It’s over now.”
Candy let go of her. Magister Fedora’s tantalizing Hispanic voice startled her, “The girl must be outside during the game. It resumes in one minute.”
Wendi nodded. She smoothed out Candy’s hair, trying to make sure it covered the two fading punctures, and then she led her out for the second half.

Chapter Nineteen

The second half didn’t go anywhere near as planned.
Candy cringed each time Meatrack smashed a face. Every time he knocked a Mullin to the floor, a little more of her hope slipped away. Blake had to get back into the game. She ran her fingers along the wound on her neck—he had better make good use of the blood.
Wendi tried to return the favor, but the Brits were on to her. Gavin and Rupert double teamed her in the third quarter and she never had the chance to break free. Blake was supposed to be their ace in the hole but he spent most of his time watching Candy rather than playing the game. By the end of the third quarter, Blood Court had a five point lead. Hope was quickly slipping away.
“You pussies!” Wendi screamed at the sideline before the last quarter. Coop was mopping blood off his face while Chester readjusted his jaw. Blake ignored everything and everyone other than Candy. He put his arm around her shoulder and buried his face in her hair.
“God you smell so good,” he said next to her ear. “I want to take you right here.”
Candy tried to push him away. His eyes were still red, though the whites were somewhat visible now. “Blake,” she said. “You have to concentrate. If you lose this game I’m screwed!”
Blake shook his head and rubbed his temples. “God, I can’t think of anything other than you. Wow, you look so good.”
Wendi forced him out of the seat and Felicia moved over to take it. Blake gazed over his shoulder at Candy while his sister went over a last ditch plan. When Nigel signaled the start of the fourth quarter, the Mullins reluctantly trotted out onto the court.
Felicia took Candy’s hand and said, “They’ll win. I hope.”
Meatrack went on a rampage, not bothering to play the game of basketball the way it was meant to be played. Instead, he chased whichever Mullin was closest. They did what they could to avoid him, but that meant they had a hard time trying to concentrate on scoring points.
Blood Court was up by eight with less than three minutes remaining. Balls Deep took their last time out and huddled over on the sideline. Blake’s eyes lingered once again on Candy while Wendi tried to rally her brothers.
“Listen up,” she said. “There’s no more time for bullshit. We’re going to have to hit threes and completely stop them from scoring. Any ideas?”
Rupert taunted near mid court. “Be seeing you soon,” he said with a wink. “Me and my brothers have big plans for you after the game.”
Candy squeezed Felicia’s hand.
Anastasia stood up to speak to her progeny. The Mullin children looked up to her with respect, and with fear. That was more than odd given that Anastasia, still dressed in the pink mesh shirt and short black skirt, looked like a hooker who had stumbled into a techno-club where a gang of doped up metrosexuals gave her a makeover. Her eyes passed over each Mullin before she spoke.
“You know what happens if you lose tonight? You’ll be the laughing stock of New England, losing an American game to a bunch of Englishmen. Is that what you want? We may as well pack up and leave everything to them.”
She grabbed Blake by the neck of his jersey and pulled him close to her face. “If you lose this game, you lose the girl. If you lose, don’t return to my house. Do you understand? Some star you are. I’m disgusted. I won’t have a failure like you carrying around my family name.”
Anastasia returned to her seat. Everyone turned to Blake, who looked miserable. Candy would have felt worse for him if she wasn’t preoccupied with the fate awaiting her in three minutes. Blake gazed at her for a moment with his serious face on, nodded solemnly, and then turned to his brothers and sister.
“Okay, Mullins. This is our time. This is our chance to stick it to these British assholes. I for one am tired of being the butt of their jokes. I’m tired of having to look over my shoulder when I go to the city. It’s time to show them we don’t want them around, that we won’t tolerate their shit anymore. It starts right here, right now.”
Blake put his hand into the middle of the circle they had formed. The other Mullins pilled their hands on top of his. “This isn’t only for Candy,” he said. “This is for our pride. This is for all the years we’ve had to deal with these douche bags in our country.”
They threw their hands up and yelled, “Mullins!” Candy’s heart skipped; maybe they could do it. Maybe they could save her.
“Get a turnover at any cost,” Blake said. “Then get the ball to Chester.”
They all nodded. It was a simple plan, but it was all they had. Nigel blew his whistle and the game resumed. Blake took the ball at half court for the throw in. Meatrack trudged over to guard him with a nasty grimace on his ugly face.
“Your bones will be powder in my hands,” he said, scowling like a bulldog.
Blake faked a pass to his right. The Russian bit, and then Blake threw the ball to Chester over the giant’s shoulder. The clock began to run again—2:47. Chester immediately put the ball up from near half-court. Red and blue jerseys jockeyed for position. The Mullins did everything they could to keep the Brits from jumping up as the ball arced down to the basket. Chester’s shot hit home. They were down five points.
The next forty seconds were a near blur of movement. The ball shot back and forth between the crimson jerseys of the Blood Court players while blue jerseys tried to steal or block any shot that went up. Candy sat on the edge of her seat chewing her fingernails. She let out a little shriek when Meatrack elbowed Coop to the ground. Hayden tried to get the ball to the Russian. Blake came out of nowhere for the steal. He threw a strike to Chester as he ran down the sideline. Chester snagged the ball and from half-court put it into the basket for another three points.
Candy jumped up and cheered. She heard the Misfits doing the same. Even Jimmy was on his feet, looking nervous if anything. They were down by two points with thirty seconds remaining. Candy remembered enough about the rules to know the Brits would have twenty-four seconds on the shot clock. If the Mullins could hold them off and get the ball back, Chester could hit another three to win the game.
Candy could barely watch when the clock started again. Crimson and blue moved around Balls Deep’s half of the court, the basketball flying back and forth as precious time ticked away. Candy and Felicia squeezed each other’s hands, the tension hanging thick in the air. Chip said something nasty to Meatrack and the hulking giant chased the terrified Mullin around the other side of the court. Less than fifteen seconds remained.
Hayden tried to pass the ball to Vivian. Blake reversed his motion and ran between them, blocking the pass. The ball bounced along the court near the sideline. Blake rushed towards it, sprinting faster than humanly possible to get the ball before it went out of bounds.
Candy and the Misfits jumped out of their seats, screaming and cheering; less than ten seconds and the Mullins had the ball! Chester managed to get open for a moment, but Hayden sprinted to his side, blocking any chance for a pass his way. Chester couldn’t shake him. Blake dribbled past half court. Candy held her breath. Wendi ran in front of Blake, blocking Rupert who had been dashing towards him. Blake took a bounding step up to the three-point line—he was all alone. Three seconds on the clock. He lined up a shot as quickly as he could.
Blake jumped. Two seconds.
Meatrack appeared midair out of nowhere. One second. Candy tried to warn Blake, she shouted, but he didn’t hear.
Blake threw the ball as the buzzer rang. Meatrack brought his hairy arm down like a sledgehammer, slamming both the ball and Blake into the ground. Then he kicked Blake across the court.
Candy’s heart stopped. They lost.
“Foul!” Chester screamed.
Nigel wouldn’t hear any of it. The game was over. They lost.
The vampire audience erupted, jumping to their feet and clapping with enthusiasm. Blake lay on the floor with his hands over his face. The rest of the Mullins looked miserable. Rupert and Hayden sauntered over to the sideline where Candy sat with Anastasia and the Magister.
“Let’s go,” Hayden said.
Candy and Felicia didn’t let go of each other. Hayden gave the Magister an expectant look.
“We won the game,” Hayden said. “The girl belongs to Rupert.”
“Yes,” Fernando said in his deep voice. “Those were the terms. The grievance is settled.”
Candy couldn’t believe it. Anastasia stood up and looked past her to Medium Dave, giving him a slight nod. Candy didn’t know what she should do. Anastasia took a few steps down towards the Kingsley brothers.
“Good game, boys,” she said. “May I make a proposition?”
Hayden crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes, both interested and skeptical.
“Two million dollars for the girl,” Anastasia said.
Hayden whistled, though Rupert didn’t like the idea. Candy felt someone’s hand on her shoulder. Medium Dave whispered so softly next to her ear she could barely hear what he said, “Be ready to run. I’m getting you out of here.”
“Two million for a girl? Blake must really love her to offer up that kind of cash,” Hayden said. “But, since we all know their love is a charade, there must be something else that makes you want her so much. We’ll take the girl.”
Rupert held his hand out. “You belong to me now. Get your ass down here.”
Jimmy hopped over the seat and came between Candy and the Brits. “She’s not going anywhere! She’s not a piece of meat to be sold and owned by you soulless pricks.”
Hayden stepped up to his face, sharp fangs flashing only a few inches away. White Paul and Were-Jew sprung up from their seats.
“What did you say, little wolf?” Hayden bumped a shoulder into Jimmy that sent him back a few steps. “I’m not taking the girl, is that what you said? I’d like to see you stop me.” He turned to Candy with the intention of retrieving her.
Jimmy held his ground. “I’ll fucking kill you if you touch her.”
“I’d like to see you try to kill me,” Hayden said with a grin that brandished his deadly fangs. “Go ahead and change. Do it you bag of shite!”
Jimmy threw his shirt off over his head. His eyes turned golden brown and the pupils went jet black. Short, tan hair sprouted from his skin. The vampire spectators watched on with interest; Nigel most of all, rubbing his hands together with anticipation. Fernando’s voice boomed throughout the stadium.
“There will be no shedding of blood! I proclaimed this ground neutral. The girl belongs to Rupert.”
Anastasia took his hand and said something in Spanish, averting his attention. Medium Dave took Candy’s arm and led her to the edge of the aisle. She stumbled after him, turning away from the court. She didn’t know what she should do; she couldn’t let Jimmy and the Misfits get into a fight because of her, the vampires would tear them up. She hoped Anastasia had a plan.
And then complete silence fell over the stadium. Candy turned and saw a donkey where Jimmy had been standing. She could only stare while the donkey, with intelligence in its dark eyes, glared death at Hayden. The animal snapped its teeth and bucked its hind legs.
Every vampire in the stadium burst into uncontrollable laughter. The Mullins all stared on in disbelief, Chip and Coop laughing as well. Anastasia had to put a hand over her mouth to hide a grin.
“Jimmy . . . ,” Candy said.
Felicia looked away with tears welling in her eyes while the rest of the Misfits turned red in the face. Jimmy bucked again, his eyes fierce and angry. He let out a high pitched bray that made everyone laugh even more. Hayden and Rupert doubled over with laughter. Jimmy’s body tensed with thick muscle as he lowered himself close to the ground. In one motion, he spun around and snapped out a double kick.
Hayden’s head, complete with stunned expression, flew through the air. 
The laughter immediately died out as every eye inside the stadium went wide. A chorus of gasps sounded as the head landed, bounced several times, and then rolled to a stop at Blake’s feet. The now headless body of Hayden Kingsley slumped to the ground. Blood poured violently from the neck, sending the decapitated vampire into a fit of flopping and spinning.
Rupert yelled something unintelligible, his face twisted up with rage. Vivian managed to look even crazier than normal.
Panic and angry outbursts filled the stadium. The head at Blake’s feet started spurting blood from the ears, eyes and mouth. Blake watched it for a moment in shocked horror then he violently vomited blood all over the court, his feet, and the severed head.
Medium Dave pulled Candy up the aisle to the tunnel, but she kept her head turned to the court. Vivian and Gavin rushed Jimmy with their fangs exposed. They stopped dead in their tracks when White Paul jumped over the front row and shifted in midair. The floor shook with the force of a thousand pound polar bear crashing onto it. Standing nearly eight feet tall, White Paul let out a blood curdling roar. The spectator vampires, Nigel, and the Mullin children backed away.
“Come on!” Medium Dave yelled.
With fists clenched, Fernando Fedora stared the huge polar bear down as he moved forward. In the confusion, Medium Dave and Candy ran into the tunnel. Fernando yelled something in Spanish. She didn’t want to run. She didn’t want to leave the Misfits there among all those vampires, but Medium Dave wouldn’t let her go. He shifted into a moose. Candy, with tears in her eyes, reluctantly climbed onto his back.
The last thing she heard before he took off was Rupert. “You’re dead, wanker!”
Medium Dave rushed them through the tunnel. Candy screamed when a guard who may or may not have been a vampire came running around a corner towards the courts below. The moose lowered its head and the man went up into the air with a grunt and a snap of ribs on the end of broad antlers. Without slowing down, the massive animal tossed its head to the right, grinding the man into the wall, and the guard went screaming to the ground before the sound of more snapping bones preceded his silence.
Candy heard shouts from behind and then they were out into the night.

Chapter Twenty

As had become a summer habit, Candy didn’t wake up until well after noon. She spent a brutal night and part of the morning with Medium Dave finding their way back to the Kennel, half of the time on his back in the wilderness getting torn up by mosquitoes and the other half walking along the sides of roads. To make matters even worse, Medium Dave was naked until he managed to snatch a granny dress off someone’s clothesline.
Candy sat on the couch for a moment, trying to let the grogginess of sporadic sleep drain out of her brain. Her dreams, though broken, had been extremely vivid. Blake was with her every time she closed her eyes, each time she nodded off. He had taken a lot of her blood and she knew they had come close to the bond the vampires were always talking about, which was more than abundantly apparent in her dreams.
Never in her life had she dreamed of a naked man before, of the possibility such perfection might exist. She had welcomed his milky chest each time she saw it, even though outside of her dreams she was upset with him. In the dreams they didn’t talk much, there had been so little time, but Candy knew, as it had been with Rupert, that Blake was in her head. Or perhaps she was in his head; she didn’t know which.
Each time Candy had drifted into fitful sleep Blake said, “I’m sorry. I let you down.” She enjoyed the feeling of being in his arms, her bare chest pressed against his. “Don’t let them take me, Blake. Don’t let them ruin my life.”
Candy tried to rub the sleep out of her eyes. She probably hadn’t fallen asleep for more than thirty minutes at a time, maybe an hour once she and Medium Dave reached the Kennel. She pushed herself up off the couch and saw Felicia sitting at the table with Were-Jew and Melvin. They went silent when they saw her get up and stretch out her sore legs. She hobbled over to the table and took a seat next to Felicia. Melvin glanced at her through his glasses, his face creased with concern.
“Are you okay?” he said.
Candy nodded. “Is Dave okay?”
“Yeah, he’s still sleeping upstairs.”
The events of the previous night came crashing back like a flood. Medium Dave told her that they couldn’t go back to his parents’ house in case they were followed. The plan was to get back to the Kennel as soon as possible, which was way over on the western edge of Massachusetts. Thankfully, Medium Dave didn’t have a shortage of stamina, and while it was uncomfortable for Candy to sit on his back for so long, he was able to trot as a moose for hours before he needed to rest or walk in human form.
Remembering what happened at the end of the basketball game, Candy looked around the room for the rest of the Misfits. White Paul was asleep in one of the recliners. She recalled the massive polar bear he had changed into.
“Where’s Jimmy?” she said.
No one said a word, which was answer enough. A knot tightened in her chest. She mulled over the last conversation she had with him in the tunnel. She hated herself for all of the stupid things she said, for how much of a bitch she had been. She felt warm tears on her face.
“They have him,” Felicia said softly. “There wasn’t anything we could do.”
“What happened?”
White Paul kicked himself upright in the recliner. “I’ll tell you what happened. While we held them off so you could make your escape, that Spanish asshole threw the smack down on everyone. They have Jimmy because of you.”
“Calm down,” Melvin said. “We all knew what we were getting into last night so don’t go blaming her.”
White Paul waved him off and rubbed the short growth of spotty stubble on his face.
“It was chaos until the Magister broke it up,” Felicia said. “I thought every vampire there was going to come down on us. He said something about neutral ground and Jimmy breaking the worst vampire law of all. He handed Jimmy over to the Brits.”
Candy leaned her head into her hands. “What’s going to happen?”
“Simple,” White Paul interjected. “We hand you over to Rupert by midnight tonight or they execute Jimmy. Not a tough choice if you ask me.”
Felicia shot him a nasty glare and said, “It is a tough choice, asshole. Jimmy more than any of us wanted to be there so don’t act like he’s an innocent bystander in all of this.”
“Bullshit.”
White Paul was ready to say more when Tinch came into the room looking extremely tired. Candy hadn’t any idea he was there. She was glad to see him. He’d get Jimmy back.
“This is the only time I’m going to tell you all to stop arguing,” he said. “We have more important things to think about.”
White Paul stormed off into the backyard.
“Leave him,” Tinch said when Felicia made to follow. “Sit back down. I have an announcement to make.” Felicia took her seat again and everyone turned their eyes up to him. “Help is coming.”
“A pack? Which one?” Were-Jew said.
“Not a pack,” Tinch said, his face hinting at something more serious. “The Alpha.”
The Misfits looked around at each other with their mouths hanging open. Hearing what Tinch said, White Paul came running back into the house.
“The Alpha is coming here?” Melvin said.
“When?” Felicia asked.
“He should have been here already,” Tinch said.
Felicia shot up out of her chair and ran to the stairs, bowling over Medium Dave as he came down. Medium Dave, still in the red and purple flowered granny dress he snagged the night before, strolled over to take the vacant seat. He set his cell phone down on the table and yawned.
“So only this alpha guy is coming?” Candy said.
Tinch stared at her. “Only? It’s an honor to have him personally come here. He’s in charge of everything above the Mason-Dixon Line. If anything goes down, you wouldn’t want anyone else with you. He’ll figure out what we need to do.”
“You think he can get Jimmy back?”
“If anyone can, he can,” Tinch said. “But don’t get your hopes up. Jimmy is in a rough spot and we all have to accept the fact he may not make it.”
Candy shook her head. “It’s not fair.”
“Not much in life is fair, and even less so when vampires are involved,” Tinch said. “That’s why I told everyone to stay put.”
“Easy for you to say,” White Paul grumbled. “You weren’t here trying to protect some ditzy blonde from insane vampires.”
Candy couldn’t stop herself from crying. They had Jimmy, it was her fault, and White Paul was adamant about taunting her with that fact. Tinch looked as if he wanted to hit White Paul for his audacity.
“What did I teach you?” Tinch said in a surprisingly calm manner. “You have vampires on your tail, you run away. You swallow your pride and you get the fuck out of there. But what did you do? You went right into the heart of their territory. I expected more from you, from all of you.”
The room went silent for a long time before Tinch continued, “All we can do now is move on. Learn from your mistakes.” He sighed and shook his head. “Let’s get this place cleaned up before The Alpha gets here.”
Felicia ran back down the stairs in an outfit she might have borrowed from Anastasia. She put her golden-red hair up in a pony tail, slapped on far too much blue eyeliner, red blush and lipstick, and crammed her narrow hips into skintight green shorts. She had on a plain white shirt that had been cut with scissors well above her navel so the black bra could be seen beneath. All of the Misfits except Medium Dave rolled their eyes.
“Is he here?” she said.
Melvin shook his head and started tidying up with White Paul. Were-Jew and Tinch went into the dining room to clean up in there. Felicia pulled one of the chairs out from the table so she could look down the hallway at the front door.
“What’s with . . . ?” Candy waved her hand, gesturing at the way Felicia was dressed.
“You heard Tinch. The Alpha is coming!” Felicia said.
“Who’s that?”
Before Felicia could answer, the door opened and then slammed shut. A tall man built like a Mack truck stomped down the hall into the living room. He had long brown hair and thick mutton chops on his chiseled face. His menacing eyes passed over everyone before halting on Medium Dave. Candy could only assume he was The Alpha, considering the way everyone gawked at him in reverence—rather, how they didn’t look him in the eyes, including Tinch.
“Holy mother of God, what the fuck are you wearing?” The Alpha said in a scratchy voice that tickled a curious spot in the back of Candy’s brain. Medium Dave looked down at himself with a child’s ignorance. The Alpha barked, “I suggest you take your candy-ass out of my presence before I beat the stupid out of you.”
Red faced, Medium Dave retreated into the back yard. Candy couldn’t believe how much of an asshole this guy was and she had only known him for ten seconds.
The Alpha went on at a near yell, “Who’s in charge of this outfit?”
Melvin raised his hand. “I am, sir.”
The Alpha stomped over to him. “What’s your name, boy?” 
Melvin gave a barely audible answer. Without warning, The Alpha punched him in the gut. Melvin doubled over with a sickly groan and Candy clasped her hands over her mouth. The Alpha impatiently waited for the skinny leader of the Misfits to struggle back to his feet.
“Why did I have to come all the way out to this shithole?” he growled. He looked around at everyone, his eyes pausing longest on Felicia and Candy. “Can you tell me why I had to leave my women behind to come all the way out here to fix your fucked up problems?”
“I apologize, sir,” Melvin managed to groan.
The Alpha grunted, turned to Felicia, and swept her off her feet. She threw her arms around his neck and yelped with glee as he carried her away upstairs. Tinch informed everyone that he had some things to take care of and then he hurried out of the house. A moment later, Medium Dave stuck his head in through the door and, seeing the room clear of The Alpha, he ventured back in. Clutching his stomach, Melvin waved Candy off when she tried to put her arm around his shoulder to help.
“What’s up with that asshole?” Candy said.
Everyone glared at her.
“Be careful what you say,” White Paul said. “He’s The Alpha. I suggest you do as we do. Nod your head and say ‘sir.’ ”
“I’m not calling him ‘sir.’ What the hell did he punch Melvin for? He’s an asshole.”
“He’s the asshole who’s going to save your ass,” Were-Jew said.
Candy rolled her eyes. “Whatever. What are we going to do about Jimmy?”
“Nothing,” Melvin said. “We don’t do anything unless The Alpha says.”
White Paul slammed his fist on the table. “Fuck that!” He glanced over his shoulder to make sure no one was there, and then he leaned in and kept his voice low. “We don’t have time to wait on The Alpha while he—” He waved his hand towards the stairs. “Jimmy’s in a nest of vampires right now. What happened to leave no Misfit behind? It’s a death sentence, Melvin. He’s our brother.”
Melvin was torn. Candy saw the turmoil seething in his blue eyes and she knew he didn’t want to leave Jimmy behind. They were like brothers. They were a family.
“You’re right. Leave no Misfit behind,” Melvin said.
Felicia let out a scream of pleasure upstairs. The Alpha howled and then the bed pounded against the floor so forcefully the ceiling shook overhead. Everyone tried to ignore it, but Candy couldn’t stop her face from turning red.
“We have less than eleven hours to figure something out,” White Paul said.
Plaster fell from the ceiling as the rhythmic pounding continued.
“Where are we supposed to trade Candy for Jimmy?” Were-Jew said. Before Candy could protest, he held out a hand. “We’re not trading you,” he assured her. “I just want to know where it’s supposed to be.”
Medium Dave shrugged.
“Can you call and find out?” Melvin said.
The overhead fan swung wildly. The wailing and howling upstairs drowned out whatever Medium Dave was about to say so he nodded instead. He waited for a lull in the noise then he quickly said, “They won’t be up until the evening, but I can try to get in touch with someone before then.”
Candy considered saying she could try calling Blake, but the thought of talking to him after what happened the night before infuriated her. If anything, Blake and his stupid mother were just as much to blame for what happened to Jimmy as anyone else.
The ceiling fan shook so violently it threatened to fly off. The Misfits needed to shout if they wanted to be heard as rusty bed springs joined in on the noise. The Alpha’s roar thundered down the stairs, “Who’s your daddy!”
“For the love of God!” Melvin stood up and went to the sliding glass door. Everyone evacuated into the back yard.
“Okay,” White Paul said. “Dave will get the information for us. I say we tell those British bastards that we’ll do the trade and then sneak right into their house and get Jimmy out.”
“That’s risky. Do you remember the security at the Mullin’s?” Were-Jew said. “I’m sure the Brits have at least the same.”
“What then?”
Were-Jew thought for a moment. “An ambush. If we know where they are coming from and where they are going, we can hit them along the way. It will be an extraction mission: hit them, get Jimmy, then get the hell out. I can run resistance to buy time.”
“Sounds like a plan,” White Paul said. They all knew he wanted to do some serious damage. Candy didn’t doubt a polar bear could do some serious damage.
They discussed the details of the mission in the backyard for nearly half an hour. Figuring The Alpha had to be done by now, they walked slowly back inside. It sounded all clear.
The pounding began again at a vigorous pace. A crack shot across the ceiling and plaster fell to the ground in a cloud of white dust. Candy had to cover her ears from the maddening howls. And then it stopped. Slowly, the overhead fan eased in its wobble.
“About time,” Melvin said. “Felicia must be dead.”
“She always gets like that,” Were-Jew said with a shrug.
The Alpha came downstairs buck naked, his body glistening with sweat. Candy couldn’t turn her head fast enough as he rounded the banister at the bottom of the stairs. She ended up gawking at his well muscled legs and his chiseled granite butt. When she saw the size of his swinging manhood, she blushed and turned her eyes to the floor. The Alpha’s bareness didn’t perturb the Misfits. Still in the granny dress, Medium Dave’s eyes went wide and he ran through the back door before the naked man came into the room.
“Now that hit the spot,” The Alpha said as he combed his long and slightly damp hair. “I’m ravished. Someone order food.”
Melvin flipped open his phone and wandered into the kitchen. The Alpha shook out his hair until it rested about his shoulders and then he turned to Were-Jew.
“One of you pussies fill me in on what happened here. From what Tinch told me, you’ve been having problems with British vampires. And now I hear all hell has broken loose. There better be a damn good reason.”
“Sir,” Were-Jew said reluctantly. “There was an incident last night. A vampire of high status was slain.”
“A vampire of high status?” The Alpha said with a slight grin. “Who did the deed?”
“Jimmy.”
“No shit? Jackass? I would have never thought.”
“Yes, sir,” Were-Jew went on. “But they’re holding him prisoner now.”
The Alpha crossed his rugged arms over his barrel chest. Candy had to concentrate to keep her eyes on the floor and not on his bare form. Though he may have been a despicable asshole, he had the body of a god.
“Tell me about this incident.”
Were-Jew’s eyes flashed to Candy as he said, “It’s complicated, sir. Didn’t Tinch fill you in?”
“Don’t ask me questions, pencil-dick.”
“Yes, sir. Sorry, sir,” Were-Jew said, shaking a little. He cleared his throat before he continued. “There was a duel between two vampire families last night. The British family won and wanted the girl they were fighting over. Jimmy didn’t want them to take her and he challenged the head of the British family. He killed him.”
“Slow down, son. What kind of a duel? I love when vampires kill each other.”
“It was a basketball game, sir.”
The Alpha’s face slackened into a frown. “A basketball game? How are you having problems with vampires that play basketball?”
No one said anything.
The Alpha grinned and shook his head. “So Jackass killed a vampire over a girl? Young men will go to no length chasing tail. So who’s the girl that has this shithole in such a stir I had to come all the way down here to wipe your asses for you?”
Were-Jew inclined his head to Candy. “Her name’s Candy,” he said.
When The Alpha turned to Candy, she lifted her eyes to meet his. She refused to let him intimidate her like he did the Misfits. He looked her up and down with an appreciative smile.
“I can see why,” he said, his eyes resting on her chest. “I’d like to take you for a spin.”
Candy’s mouth fell open. If he wasn’t so intimidating she would have done what she wanted and called him a pig. Considering everything that had happened over the last several days, she didn’t want to take the chance as to what an alpha werewolf would do if she pissed him off.
“Too bad she doesn’t have the feral blood. Normal people fuck like wet rags.”  He pushed the hair away from her shoulder and neck; it was all she could do to not swat his hand. She didn’t care who or how important he was. He was a complete asshole.
“And too bad she’s a vamp tramp,” he said.
“I am not a vamp tramp, you prick!” Candy didn’t even know what exactly a vamp tramp was, but she had a good guess and she didn’t like it.
The Alpha gave a perfectly white-toothed grin. “She’s feisty. What say you let me make a real woman out of you? I promise you’ll beg for more.”
Candy couldn’t have known how bad what she said next would be, and neither did she stop to choose her words carefully. “You’re worse than those bloodsucking British scumbags.”
Were-Jew and White Paul’s eyes nearly popped out of their heads. As Melvin came back into the room, he dropped his phone and stared at Candy as if he was looking at a ghost. Her face splotched red and she took an impulsive step away from the intimidating naked alpha wolf, though his expression didn’t change.
“I like you. You’re definitely my kind of girl,” he said.
The Misfits gave a unified sigh of relief. Candy crossed her arms over her chest and stared hard at The Alpha.
“You’re supposed to be a big bad tough guy? So why are we wasting time with this bullshit and not saving Jimmy?” she said.
“You want me to save Jackass, do you?”
“Don’t call him that.”
“He is a jackass,” The Alpha said with a smile. “I tell you what, missy. Ask me nicely. Say to me, ‘Please, sir, will you save my boyfriend?’ Get on your knees and beg me to save Jackass and I’ll think about it.”
Candy’s face burned. Her better judgment had her simply say, “Please.”
“No, no. On your knees.”
Tears welled in Candy’s eyes and she looked to White Paul, to Were-Jew, to anyone for help, but they could only watch on in solemn indifference. She looked back at The Alpha, who stood nude in front of her with a satisfied grin. She refused to get on her knees. She wouldn’t give him the satisfaction. She wouldn’t take that abuse, even if he wasn’t nude and dangling in front of her.
The Alpha burst into roaring laughter. “Don’t get your panties in a bunch. Lucky for you, I’ve already made up my mind. There will be no rescue.”
“There will be!” Candy begged. “Misfits don’t leave their own behind and I don’t care what you say, we are getting him back.”
“Do you think you know more than me?” The Alpha said, one side of his face twisting up. “How many vampires have you killed? How many of your own have you seen get torn limb from limb in a bloodbath? I don’t make decisions lightly. I’ve been alpha of the Union since those greedy Southerners tried to make their own country and there’s a reason I’m still around. Know what that is? It’s because I’m a fucking monster! It’s because I eat vampires and shit fangs. It’s because there isn’t another living soul who would dare challenge me.”
He leaned down until his face was close to Candy’s, until she dared to meet his harsh eyes.
“It’s also because I pick my battles. There will be no rescue.”
Candy’s lip twitched and tears rolled down her face. The Alpha’s grin grew wider.
“There will be no rescue,” he went on, “because I’m going to tear those vampires apart.”

Chapter Twenty-One

Candy couldn’t stand being around The Alpha. Though he had at least put on some clothes, she abhorred the sight of him. The way he talked down to people disgusted her. He was a chauvinistic pig, and he was there to save her.
She sat alone in the dining room while he talked in the living room about how he was going to set things straight, all the while never hesitating to include how great he was. Under his instructions, Melvin had ordered a feast of delivery food. There was pizza, Chinese, seafood, submarine sandwiches, and a bunch of other stuff. The Alpha partook of this feast as if he had no concerns, as if Jimmy wasn’t in dire need of rescuing. It didn’t seem like he cared about anything other than his own inflated ego.
Candy had a hard time eating when she knew one of the Misfits was suffering somewhere. It didn’t help knowing this was all her fault. She knew she needed to eat something because of the amount of blood Blake took from her the night before and so she forced herself to eat while she listened to The Alpha. Almost every word that came out of his mouth disgusted her. As far as she could tell, he only cared about killing vampires. In his narrow vision, everything else was nothing more than an afterthought. His plan never even mentioned Jimmy. If it wasn’t for Tinch and Were-Jew, Jimmy’s name may never have ever been brought up at all.
“Once we find out where their nest is, we go in and kick the shit out of those bloodsuckers,” The Alpha said while jabbing half a sub into his face. “And the sooner I get this over with, the sooner I can get out of this shithole.”
White Paul scowled, though he was careful not to let The Alpha see. Even Tinch appeared somewhat befuddled.
“Can I make a suggestion?” Were-Jew said.
The Alpha narrowed his eyes, but since his mouth was full of food he nodded his head.
“Maybe we can ambush them at the trade location,” Were-Jew said, which was his original plan. “Dave can get Jimmy out while everyone else takes care of the vampires.”
The Alpha chuckled and said, “No. They’ll be expecting something like that. We’re going to Alpha-strike them. We’re going to hit them when they’re not expecting it. I’m taking the fighters here with me. Pansy and the others stay put.”
Even though Medium Dave had managed to sneak in through the front door to change out of the granny dress earlier, The Alpha insisted on renaming him Pansy. The Alpha liked to smile whenever he belittled other people.
Candy felt like standing up and yelling. She felt like asking why he wasn’t putting more focus on how to get Jimmy out alive like the others. She didn’t understand why anyone else couldn’t see through his bullshit, why they didn’t challenge his terrible decisions.
Felicia came downstairs for the first time wearing blue pajamas patterned with yellow ducks. She walked tenderly into the kitchen, her eyes half closed and her hair hanging in a tangled mess. She gazed into the incandescent glow of the refrigerator for a long time.
“There’s pizza in here,” Candy said.
Felicia shut the door and shuffled to the chair next to Candy. She plopped her head onto her hand then stared blankly into the living room while The Alpha berated Were-Jew about how kids are pussies these days. 
“Candy,” Felicia said. “He was amazing.”
“I’d rather not hear about it.”
“I passed out after like ten minutes,” Felicia said anyway. “It was like I was in a dream or something and he was an angel among mere mortals. I don’t know how else to explain it. I’ve never felt like that before.”
“That’s explanation enough.”
Felicia let out a prolonged sigh. “I wish I could go with him and leave all of this bullshit behind. I wish I was a full-blood so I could go.”
“A full-blood?”
Felicia looked at Candy as if she had snapped out of a trance. “Nothing,” she said. “So what’s the deal? Has he made a decision?”
“Your angel thinks we should bust into the Kingsley’s and kill them all.”
“Isn’t he wonderful?”
“Wonderful?” Candy said, throwing her hands up in exasperation. She glanced in the living room to make sure no one was paying attention and then she kept her voice low. “You realize they have Jimmy, right? They could kill him if we barge in there.”
“The Alpha knows best.” Felicia spoke as if she was having a one-way conversation. “He’s amazing, Candy. We haven’t been able to do anything about the vampires for years. Tinch and his washed out geezer pack haven’t been able to make any ground at all and now The Alpha is here to set everything straight. He’s like a hero, you know? Like he’ll be a legend long after we’re all forgotten.”
“Sure,” Candy said, returning her scornful eyes to the asshole Felicia praised so much. The way Felicia talked threw her off. Candy had come to know Felicia as headstrong, full of opinions, and dependant on no one. Now she was like a stupid girl fawning over some guy she couldn’t live without.
Medium Dave came running down the stairs, almost tripping on his way into the living room. Everyone stared at him, wondering why he was so excited, but most of all hoping he had good news.
“What’s the rush, Pansy? Is there a sale at the Yarn Barn?” The Alpha said, chuckling.
Medium Dave’s cheeks reddened. “The Brits are holding Jimmy at their mansion in Boston,” he said.
“Arrogant bastards,” The Alpha said, and he actually spat beside his chair. He then glanced at a clock on the wall; it was nearly four in the afternoon. “It shouldn’t take more than a couple of hours to get there. Where’s this place at?”
Medium Dave handed him a piece of paper with the directions. The Alpha glanced at it, then folded it in half and headed to the door with Were-Jew and White Paul hurrying behind him. Tinch stopped in the hallway.
“Hold on a second,” he said. “The rest of my pack isn’t far from there and we won’t get to Boston before dusk anyway. We should meet up with them. With four more wolves at our side the Brits won’t have a chance.”
The Alpha nodded thoughtfully. “Let’s do it quickly.”
Candy couldn’t take it anymore. That asshole clearly didn’t care about Jimmy.
“Isn’t this dangerous?” she said. “They might do something to Jimmy—”
“There’s danger in any mission,” The Alpha said dismissively. “We’ll crush that vampire nest and get him out.”
“But—”
“Do you see anyone else arguing?” The Alpha’s eyes burned into her. “They don’t because I’m the God damned alpha! Now shut your mouth before I lose my temper.”
With Tinch and the fighting Misfits on his heels, The Alpha hurried out of the house. Candy followed behind to the front porch and watched as they got into a camouflage Hummer with huge, monster truck wheels and floodlights on the roof. The obnoxious vehicle probably traumatized half the neighborhood when it started up. It peeled out and disappeared around the corner of the cul-de-sac.
“I hope he knows what he’s doing,” Candy said.
“He does,” Felicia said from behind her in the doorway. “It’s time vampires took responsibility for their actions. Rupert and his family broke the treaty. They’ve repeatedly glamoured and bound mortals in our territory.”
Candy didn’t bother pointing out how Felicia had said almost the exact opposite when they were talking at Medium Dave’s house the other night. She didn’t bother wondering why Felicia held The Alpha in such high regards. More than anything else, she couldn’t stop thinking that something bad was bound to happen to Jimmy. She didn’t bother holding back her tears. Melvin put his arm on her shoulder and patted her gently.
“I’m scared for him,” Candy said.
“Everything will work out. The Alpha is strong and Tinch’s pack will be with them,” Melvin said.
With no choice other than to accept the events unfolding around her, Candy went back into the Kennel with the remaining Misfits. An agonizing hour passed while she worried. Felicia droned on about The Alpha, about how great he was and that everything would turn out fine while Medium Dave and Melvin listened with disinterest. Candy wished she could share her optimism. Instead, she felt like she had no control over anything. The only thing she could do was hope.
“I wish we could be with them,” Melvin said.
Medium Dave nodded his agreement. Candy wondered what he meant and why they weren’t with The Alpha. Felicia cast her eyes downward.
“Our job is to stay here,” she said. “He knows what he’s doing. He’ll get Jimmy out of there.”
Candy was about to comment when her phone rang. Blake’s number flashed on the display. She was so pissed off at him that she thought about ignoring it, but she needed to know if he knew anything. She headed to the sliding glass door as she answered. He didn’t give her a chance to say hello.
“Are you okay? Where are you?” he said.
Candy waited until she was outside and a little ways away from the door before she spoke. “I’m fine, no thanks to you. What the fuck, Blake?”
“I’m sorry. Where are you? I’m coming to get you.”
“Never mind where I am. Thanks to you they have Jimmy.”
“How is that my . . . ?” he started, and then paused. “I’m sorry. Just tell me where you are.”
“You’re sorry? What are you going to do about Jimmy?”
“There’s nothing we can do. The Magister is more pissed off about what he did than the Brits.”
“Why are you acting like this?”
“Like what?”
“Like you don’t know they want to trade me for Jimmy. Like you don’t care about the people I care about.”
“I do care. I’m not letting them take you, Candy.”
“I guess that’s a little difficult considering I belong to Rupert,” she said. “What’s your great and powerful mother plan to do?”
“She can’t do anything. She did what she could, Candy. So did my brothers and sister. Don’t blame them. Blame me.”
“So I’m on my own?”
“No, never. Tell me where you are. Come with me and I’ll protect you.”
“What about Jimmy?”
“Candy, you have to understand how serious this is. Jimmy killed a vampire on neutral ground. It’s not only the Brits who are pissed off. The Magister and a bunch of other vampires will be there to see his punishment through. The only way out is if we give you up and I’m not going to let that happen.”
“What are we supposed to do?”
“Tell me where you are so I can come get you. Forget about the shapeshifters before it’s too late.”
She didn’t say anything.
“God damn it!” Blake said. “Where are you?”
Blood lust.
“I should give myself up,” she said. “I can’t take this anymore. This isn’t fair to Jimmy.”
“Wait! Don’t do that, Candy. Jesus, don’t you understand? They’ll kill him regardless. If you go to them, they’ll kill him anyway.”
“Thanks for nothing,” she said.
Static crackled in the phone as if it had been dropped and then Blake’s frantic voice came back. “I’ll do anything for you, Candy. I’m the one who failed you. I’m the one who stained my family’s name. I’ll kill Rupert if I have to. Just tell me where you are. I’ll kill him.”
His words and his promises were nothing. The shapeshifters were already on their way to do that. Candy knew he only wanted one thing. He didn’t care about anything else. There was only his lust for her blood.
“I need you. I have to have you,” he said. “You’re in my dreams. I can’t stop thinking about you. I’m going to kill Rupert. I’ll do it for you. Where are you?”
Candy didn’t want to talk about those dreams, didn’t want to think about them no matter how much she enjoyed them. She wanted to hate Blake but she couldn’t. Every time her heart beat she was reminded of the bond they shared, of her undeniable love for him.
“I love you,” she said.
“I love you too. I can’t begin to explain how much.”
“Begin by getting Jimmy back.”
“Candy, I’d get him back if I could. All of the vampires will be there; the Kingsleys, the Magister, the vampires at the basketball game. There’s nothing my family can do about it.”
Candy didn’t say anything. All of the vampires would be there? Why? She thought back to the vampires at the basketball game.
“What are you thinking?” he said during her silence. “Stay out of this. Don’t go to them.”
Candy shook the wandering thoughts out of her head. “It’s too late. Rupert and his family started this and the lycans are going to finish it.”
“What? They’ll get slaughtered, Candy. Did you hear what I just said? There’s going to be dozens of vampires there.”
The implications finally registered. Candy hung up the phone and ran into the house. “We have to stop The Alpha!”
“What are you talking about?” Melvin said.
“Blake just told me there’s going to be a bunch of vampires there.”
Melvin stared at her. “How many?”
“I don’t know, a lot! All of the vampires that were at the basketball game.”
“Shit,” Melvin said. “Shit! I don’t think even The Alpha can take on that many.”
Felicia chewed her lip. Melvin took out his phone and tried to call them. After trying three times he threw it down on the table.
“No answer.” He paced alongside the table. “They’re an hour ahead of us, but they had to meet up with Tinch’s pack first. If we leave now, we may get there in time. Do you still have the directions, Dave?”
Medium Dave nodded. Melvin glanced around at everyone.
“We don’t have any other choice,” he said. “The Alpha didn’t know there would be this many vampires.”
“Let’s stop talking about it and go,” Candy said.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Melvin slung a duffel bag full of supplies into the back of the SUV with the rest of the Misfit’s gear. He and Felicia had hastily changed clothes, putting on pairs of camo trunks and heavy vests over long sleeve black shirts. Felicia had another pair of the camouflage pants she let Candy borrow, which were horribly tight. Candy called Blake while they checked to make sure they had everything.
“We’re going to the Kingsley’s,” she told him.
“That’s not—”
“I don’t care, Blake. Are you going to help us or not?”
“Yes.”
“Can you be at Boston in a couple of hours?”
“I’m on my way now,” he said. “I’m not far from Springfield. I can turn around.”
“What are you doing in Springfield?”
He didn’t say anything for a moment. “The bond with you is like nothing I’ve ever experienced before. It’s like I know where you are, like I can see you. Like I can feel you.”
That explained how Rupert had been able to constantly track her down. Candy shared some kind of a bond with them when they drank her blood. She didn’t want to reveal any of this to the others, mainly because she was embarrassed.
“I’ll have Dave call and tell you where to meet us,” she said.
“Wait—”
She hung up.
Candy explained the situation to Melvin. She was sure he wouldn’t want anything to do with Blake, but he nodded his agreement to whatever help they could get. Felicia didn’t appear to like the idea at all, but she didn’t say anything. Melvin sped the SUV out of the cul-de-sac and onto one of the highways.
“How long until we get there?” Candy asked.
“If traffic stays like this maybe an hour and a half,” Melvin said. “Keep your eyes out for patrol cars. I think I can beat Tinch and The Alpha there.”
The needle on the speedometer fluctuated around eighty, spiking up to ninety when the road was clear. The sky was already dark purple with fading streaks of red on the horizon. There hadn’t ever been any hope of getting there before nightfall. The Alpha’s plan right from the start was to bust heads and take names later. If only the egomaniacal lunatic had listened to her. Even if he had, what difference would that have made for Jimmy? They were all low on options and she couldn’t get caught up in a game of finger pointing. She asked Dave to set up a place to meet Blake near Boston, then she closed her eyes for a moment.
“Go away with me,” Blake said. “Let them solve their own problems.”
Blake gently stroked her hair from where he sat next to her in the SUV. It didn’t seem to Candy that there was anyone else in the car other than her and Blake, even though they were both in the back seat and she heard the sound of speeding tires against the asphalt.
Candy wanted to agree with him. She didn’t want to do this.
“No,” she said. “Jimmy’s in danger. We need to help get him out of there.”
Blake kissed her cheek. Something jostled her and she sat up.
“Is this it up here?” Melvin said.
The SUV bumped over several sets of train tracks. Candy turned to see she was leaning against the car door. Blake wasn’t there. His soothing voice still echoed in her tired mind and she tried to shake it away. Ahead, she saw an industrial complex against the dark sky where night had fallen like a curtain over everything. They were near Boston.
“This is it,” Medium Dave said.
A car flashed its lights and Melvin turned towards it. Candy saw Blake get out of a silver Mercedes. After Melvin stopped the car, she got out and walked quickly over to him.
“I’ve been so worried about you,” Blake said, holding his arms out for her. Candy stopped short and crossed her arms. “I missed you,” he murmured.
Blake had on a red leather jacket with zippers all over it, along with fingerless black gloves. Candy stared at him for a moment, wondering why he was dressed like that.
“Are you alone?” she asked.
Blake looked hurt. “Of course I’m alone.”
“Ride with us,” she said.
Blake turned his car off, pocketed the key and followed her to the back seat of the SUV without question. Once they were both in, Melvin turned the car around. Felicia gave Blake a curious glance and then laughed, saying something about eighties pop stars.
“Hey, Melvin? Felicia?” Blake said. Neither of them responded. Medium Dave said hello from the cargo compartment of the SUV.
“You can’t exactly blame them,” Candy said. “Vampires have been a pain in the ass for them, and now for me, for a long time.”
Blake’s eyes gleamed against the half moon beyond the window he sat beside. “I know. I’m sorry. I wish it wasn’t like this.”
“Well it is,” Felicia said. “Some help your family was.”
Blake didn’t respond. His face softened and the corners of his mouth pulled down, making him appear positively tortured.
“I’m sorry. I’ll do anything to help,” he said. “I can help get Jimmy out of there if that’s what you want. But I don’t want you there if anything goes down,” he told Candy. “It’s too dangerous. The same goes for your friends. Stay in the car, find the rest of the shapeshifters and warn them. Let me handle everything else.”
“I appreciate your concern, but I can take care of myself,” Felicia said. “And Candy’s a big girl; she can make her own decisions.”
Blake fell back into silence. Melvin drove onto a highway that would take them to the Kingsley estate in about fifteen minutes.
“I ask that you stay close to me,” Blake said. “All of you.”
Felicia turned around in her seat and assaulted him with her eyes. “Don’t pretend you care about anyone other than yourself. And I don’t want to hear about your family’s high moral standards. Once a vampire, always a vampire.”
Blake only lowered his head though his gleaming eyes remained on Candy. The bite marks on her neck itched. She wanted to kiss him. She wanted him to take her right there in the back seat the way they had been so close to doing in her broken dreams. She couldn’t look away from his silvery eyes.
“Did you dream about me?” she said, ignoring Felicia’s groan. “You were there in my head, weren’t you?”
Blake nodded. “Yes,” he said, and at this Felicia turned in her seat to stare at them with curiosity. “It’s strange,” he admitted. “I’ve never shared a bond. It’s because I love you, Candy. I know it’s because I’ve never loved until now.”
Felicia looked skeptical, but not nearly as much as Candy. The same thing happened with Rupert, and Candy was quick to point this out. “It’s because we love each other? What about Rupert? I sure as hell don’t love him and he doesn’t love me. He only wants my blood.”
Blake turned his face to the world speeding by on the other side of the window. “I only know I love you,” he said softly. “I don’t drink from people. I didn’t know it would be like this. I’ve never felt this alive.”
“Great,” Felicia said. “You got the one vampire who doesn’t drink from people hooked on human blood. So much for that.”
“No,” Blake said. “It’s true we don’t take blood from humans, at least not the way other vampires do, but we can’t live only on synthetic and animal blood. We have to drink human blood or eventually we wither and . . . I don’t know, maybe die or fall into a coma or something. My mother prepares everything for us. Once a month we drink real human blood from a bottle. That’s all I’ve ever known.”
“So you’re like a vampire virgin? Or you were?” Felicia said. Blake stared at her and then nodded.
“I told you,” Medium Dave said.
“Weird,” Felicia said as she turned back around. “You know, guys who get it the first time tend to fall desperately for the girl who gave it up. They are the kind of guy a girl can wrap around her finger.”
Candy didn’t know what to think about that and so she didn’t give it much thought. Blake didn’t say anything either.
Melvin took an exit ramp and a few minutes later they were slowly driving through a high-end neighborhood. Candy didn’t consider it much of a neighborhood since none of the huge houses were close enough together to constitute anything neighborly. After several miles along a road that went through expansive fields dotted with gigantic, walled in houses, Blake told Melvin to stop the car. 
“We walk the rest of the way,” he said. “That field there will take us to the wall surrounding the Kingsley property.”
Melvin parked behind some trees. He grabbed the duffle bag from the back of the SUV and started taking out what looked like guns, though Candy could see they weren’t regular guns. He handed one to Felicia and then offered one to Candy.
Blake raised a brow. “Paintball guns?”
Melvin eyed him. “Want me to shoot you with one?”
Blake laughed at the idea of being shot with a paintball gun. “You don’t really think that will hurt me, do you?”
In a display of his masculinity, Blake held his red leather jacket open and puffed out his chest. He grinned when Melvin raised the gun and took quick aim before firing a single shot that echoed into the field. Blake’s smug attitude suddenly turned into a maddening scream as he ripped off his jacket and the shirt beneath, revealing an impossibly white chest with a shallow, bloody wound steaming above his left breast.
“What the fuck!”
“Holy water balls, asshole.”
Felicia laughed as she loaded the pockets of her vest and the utility belt she had strapped around her narrow waist. Satisfied with the results of the paintball gun experiment, Melvin did the same. He looked a little silly in his camos, holding a gun while wearing those round glasses.
“Your friends are psychotic,” Blake said.
Melvin hooked paint grenades, undoubtedly full of holy water, onto his belt. “Not psychotic, just ready to fuck some vampires up if it comes to that.”
Candy picked up Blake’s shirt. He tossed his leather jacket onto the hood of the car and when she handed him the shirt he held it carefully so as not to touch the holy water on it. Medium Dave shifted into a moose to scout ahead as they made their way into the dark field. Candy could barely see ten feet in front of herself while everyone else seemed perfectly at home in the dark.
About a half mile into the field Blake made a sound and held his arm out to stop everyone. Candy did what everyone else did, dropping down onto one of her knees while keeping her head low. She had a shaky grip on the paintball gun, her breaths coming in quick rasps. Blake put his shirt on while Medium Dave, human again and naked, hustled towards them.
“The wall is ahead,” he said. “It’s about fifteen feet of stone. I found a spot I could climb.”
“Perfect,” Blake said. Crouching low to the ground, he hurried through the field to the wall. Before they got there Candy was able to make out the top third and fourth floors of the mansion—the same exact mansion she had seen before. Though it wasn’t from the same angle, it was the mansion from her dream with Rupert.
Seeing it sent chills through her body. She had never been at this mansion before, and yet there it was right out of her dream. “What the hell,” she mumbled beneath her breath.
Melvin climbed to the top of the wall using a tree and protruding stonework. He laid flat on his stomach while Felicia climbed up after him. She was surprisingly nimble for a girl, with enough upper body strength to pull herself to the top. Candy, having flashbacks to gym class, needed a hand to get all the way up. Blake climbed the wall with ease.
They studied the yard around the mansion for a long time. Two guards in black suits stood at one corner leading to the front door, no doubt packing heat. The whole front yard was brightly lit and there were a dozen cars parked in the driveway. As far as Candy could tell, there was nothing else going on. There certainly weren’t any other shapeshifters running around.
“We beat them here,” Melvin said.
“Good,” Felicia said. “Look how many cars are parked outside and I’ve already seen at least ten different people walking in front of the windows. I’m sure there are more of those bodyguards around. Maybe we can cut the others off when they get here.”
“Wait,” Blake said. “We can use this opportunity to get in and help Jimmy before the rest of the shapeshifters arrive. This may be your only chance.”
Felicia shook her head. “We shouldn’t do anything without The Alpha.”
Blake settled his eyes on Candy, longing for her approval. Candy knew he’d do anything for her, knew he was ready to sneak into that mansion full of vampires to find Jimmy if she told him to.
“Blake’s right,” she said. “We don’t have time to wait on the others. We can’t take that chance. Think about Jimmy.”
“I can find a way in,” Blake said. “I can try to find out where they have Jimmy.”
“No,” Melvin said, mistrust clear on his voice. “We all go together. If you ever leave my sight, I’ll assume you’re betraying us.” 
Melvin and Blake glared at each other, but neither said anything. Instead, Blake glanced back at Candy, and the odd way his eyes caught the moonlight made him look hungry, unnatural. She turned her head away from him.
“We find a back entrance,” Melvin said. “If there are guards, Dave can distract them. Then he’ll wait on the outside for the others to let them know what’s going on. Our goal is to get Jimmy out of there and nothing else.”
Blake studied Melvin for a moment with those eerie eyes and then he nodded.
“Wait,” Candy said. Even though it was dark, the yard was familiar; she was seeing what she had seen in her dream with Rupert. There were the sculpted hedges in the darkness, and there was the fountain. A distinct feeling of déjà vu chilled her to the core.
“There’s a cellar door on the other side. I remember seeing it,” she said.
Everyone stared at her and Melvin said, “What are you talking about?”
Candy looked at Blake. She knew he understood. “I’ve been here,” she said. Melvin’s eyes went wide with confusion, and maybe betrayal. Candy spoke up, “I dreamed about this. I was here in a dream, you have to believe me. There’s a cellar door.”
“She’s right,” Blake said. “The dreams we were talking about in the car. She’s seen this place before because she saw into Rupert’s mind. If there’s a cellar door we can get in through the basement. That’s probably where they have Jimmy.”
Melvin and Felicia consulted each other with their eyes. They pondered the situation for a moment and then they both nodded. Everyone lowered themselves to the ground where it was darker on the other side of the wall. They snuck alongside it, keeping within the shadows. The wall slowly curved inward toward the hedges at the very back of the estate.
Medium Dave found some open space and shifted into a moose. He trotted out into the yard, disappearing behind a tree, and then came back a moment later. He stamped his hoof twice on the ground and tossed his head.
“Two guards,” Melvin said. “He’ll try to run them off.”
The rear of the mansion didn’t have as much lighting as the front. With Blake leading, they all dashed to a tree on the side of the yard. Candy pointed out the entrance into the basement and then they all waited on the distraction from Medium Dave.
The two guards were stationed on a low patio in front of a set of glass doors, the same doors Candy had seen in another dream. With a pool adjacent to the patio deck, there was no way they would be able to get past the guards unseen. Medium Dave tossed his head and charged.
The guards flinched at the massive animal heading straight at them. Candy cringed, gritting her teeth when they reached into their jackets. Medium Dave bucked and the guards instead made a run for cover on the side of the pool. The moose made a deep bleating sound and charged again, but this time he kept running out into the darkness of the yard. The two guards didn’t give chase, running instead around the side of the mansion towards the front.
Blake and the Misfits made their move and ran to the side of the mansion. The cellar door had a padlock with chains and Candy didn’t see how they’d get in. Making sure to keep well below the level of the windows, Blake took hold of the chains and heaved. Nothing happened at first, then the latch finally gave way with a loud snap. Everyone tensed and remained motionless with their eyes on the window. Blake cracked one side of the storm door open and waited for everyone to go in. The cellar smelled of damp earth and mold, and it was completely black except for a seam of light beneath a door ahead. The faint sound of music and chatter seeped through the ceiling.
“This is so creepy,” Felicia whispered. “They’re having a party for an execution.”
“Everyone be ready,” Melvin said.
He made sure the safety was off on his paintball gun. Candy did the same; at least she thought she did, she hadn’t a clue how to work it other than pull back on the trigger. Blake slowly led the way with Melvin behind him. He glanced over his shoulder a few times, not quite trusting all of the holy water at his back.
Blake held out a hand and put his ear to the door. He listened for a moment and then checked the doorknob; it turned all the way over, clicking slightly. He cracked it open to look through. Light from the other side bathed the handsome features of his pale face. He opened the door wider and waved everyone to follow.
The other side was an uncomfortably warm boiler room. Pipes ran along the walls from a furnace and water tanks. The room extended out to a corner with a more brightly lit wine cellar on the left where the noise from upstairs was louder.
“Keep watch here while I check what’s ahead,” Melvin said.
Blake nodded and moved closer to the wine cellar to keep an eye for anyone coming down while Melvin snuck along the wall towards the back of the room. Candy noticed he had several wooden stakes strapped onto his utility belt. He paused at the corner and slowly moved his head to look around. He stood there motionless for a moment and then he silently moved back to them.
“There’s a door with two more guards,” he said, keeping his voice to a whisper. “That may be where Jimmy is.”
“We don’t have a lot of time,” Felicia said. “They have ear buds and I’m sure they heard about the moose outside. Those other two guards may walk past the cellar door so we need to take them out fast.”
“Take them out?” Blake said. “We can’t kill anyone.”
“I don’t necessarily mean kill them,” Felicia hissed. “You’re a freaking vampire, go in there and bang their heads together or something.”
Blake wasn’t one hundred percent on board with Felicia’s plan. With a glance at Candy, he sighed and nodded. “I’ve never done the head knocking thing,” he said. “I’m pretty sure I can put them down before they can get a gun out or call for help.”
“Whatever it takes,” Felicia said impatiently. “We have to do this—”
Something crashed upstairs, a glass door or a window. They heard yelling and then Candy heard a noise that sent pure fear pumping through her veins—a noise that sounded like the mixture of a wild animal and a nightmare. And then the sound of total chaos erupted up the stairs from the wine cellar.
“Shit! That’s them,” Melvin said.
The two guards came around the corner with their pistols drawn. Candy and the Misfits raised their paintball guns for what good it would do against real weapons. Blake dashed forward just as the guards saw them. Before either could react one went flying off his feet, discharging his gun twice into the ceiling. Candy heard four successive POP sounds and the other guard screamed, clutching his face. Felicia put him down with several paintballs to the kisser. Blake finished the job with a punch to his nose.
The Misfits rushed over. Blake looked absolutely horrified that he had to punch two people. They hurried past him and Melvin threw the door open. Jimmy was inside, tied to a chair with his head hanging down. He had been beaten.
Candy ran to him. “Jimmy!”
She lifted his head up. One of his eyes was swollen nearly shut. There were strange, black scribbles on his face and what looked like blood smeared around his mouth. The only article of clothing he had on was an oversized pair of sweatpants. His good eye flickered open, taking a few seconds to focus. Melvin worked at the ropes binding him to the chair.
“Hey,” Jimmy said weakly. “What took you so long?”
Candy let out a relieved laugh as tears filled her eyes. She ran her hands gently through his hair to check for wounds. Everything seemed okay. The moment was cut short when gunfire erupted upstairs.
“Shit,” Melvin said while he worked frantically at the knots.
Felicia screamed. Candy turned in time to see her crash into the wall next to the door, but she didn’t see anyone else in the room. Melvin tried to pick up his gun but he crumpled to the floor clutching his gut when someone dashed out from the shadows at the back of the room. Candy whirled around on the attacker.
“Been expecting you, love.”

Chapter Twenty-Three

Blake was nowhere to be seen, but Candy didn’t have time to think about that as Rupert snatched the paintball gun out of her hands.
“What’s this?” he said. He pointed the gun at Jimmy and shot him in the chest. Jimmy yelled and cursed.
“Interesting,” Rupert said, laughing. “Here I was worried about this band of Misfits and then they come in here with toys.”
He threw the gun to the ground and then lunged at Candy, pulling her into his arms. She screamed and tried to move. He was too fast. 
“I like those tight pants you have on. Shows your ass off nicely,” he said.
Jimmy struggled in the chair. “Let her go!”
Rupert ignored him and smelled her hair, making sure Jimmy saw him doing it.
“You smell so bloody good,” Rupert said. “I want to drink you right here in front of your little boyfriend. And then, for all of the trouble you’ve put me through, I’m going to make you watch when I kill him for what he did to my brother.”
Jimmy strained against the rope binding him to the chair. Candy saw the rage in his eyes, the fear etched all over his face. He didn’t deserve anymore abuse.
“Please don’t,” Candy begged. “I’ll do anything. I’ll be yours, just let them go.”
“Let them go? What about the wolves running a mess up in my house? Doubt they plan to let anyone go.”
Candy heard the POP sound of a paintball gun and Rupert’s eyes went wide. His mouth dropped open and when he turned several damp spots on the back of his shirt sent steaming flesh into the air. Felicia steadied herself onto a knee and took aim.
POP – POP – POP – POP.
Rupert howled so loudly and so maddeningly that Candy had to clasp her ears. Jimmy struggled against his bonds, yelling for her to get her gun. She picked it up and joined in with Felicia, sending a hail of holy water balls at the wounded vampire. Rupert streaked out of the room, screaming and clutching his face.
“Get me untied!”
Candy tried to untie Jimmy but her hands shook too much. Felicia rushed over, keeping her gun trained on the door while Candy fumbled with the knots. Melvin stumbled up to his feet, his face contorted.
“I knew we shouldn’t have trusted Blake,” he grunted.
Finally, Candy untied Jimmy from the chair and helped steady him. The lights went out, covering the room in complete darkness.
“We have to get out of this house,” Felicia said.
Candy hadn’t noticed before, but there had been a hum of machinery in the basement. Now that everything was silent she heard better the commotion upstairs. A man screamed. It sounded like he was dying. There came more sounds of breaking glass and cracking wood from the other side of the ceiling.
“We’re sitting ducks in the dark,” Felicia said. “Let’s get out of here.”
As soon as she said that, they heard the sound of chains running across metal and wood coming from the cellar door they had used to get into the mansion. Someone had locked them in. Thankfully, Felicia and Melvin had flashlights. Melvin ran to check on the cellar door while Candy and Felicia helped Jimmy along.
When Melvin came back to them he said, “We have to get to those doors upstairs. It shouldn’t be far from the stairs.” 
Felicia nodded. Candy didn’t like the distinct and sudden lack of noise as they headed through the door towards the wine cellar. “What happened?” she said. “Where’s the pack?”
“I don’t know,” Felicia said, her voice ragged, laced with alarm as she took deep breaths. “I have a bad feeling about this.”
They slowly made their way into the wine cellar. Tall racks lined the walls, most of them wooden and filled with dusty bottles. Melvin pointed his flashlight up the dark stairwell. The door to the main level hung open. They paused, their rasping breaths in the stifling cellar the only sound.
“What pack are you talking about?” Jimmy said. He was confident he could walk on his own, though he was still very weak. “Did Tinch get help?”
“Yes. The Alpha,” Melvin whispered.
“The Alpha? He’s here?” Jimmy looked back up the stairs. “What’s going on, then?”
“There were a lot of vampires and guards with guns,” Candy said.
“They probably retreated into the yard where they have more room,” Felicia said.
“We need to get out of here,” Melvin said. “Rupert could be anywhere.”
He lowered his flashlight, handed it to Jimmy, and then moved forward onto the first step. He crept up the stairs, taking it one step at a time. Candy did her best to keep her breathing calm and easy. When Melvin reached the top he took a quick glance through the door and then he waved everyone up. When they reached the top, Felicia quickly pointed her flashlight through a kitchen before she muffled it with her hand.
“Which way?” she said.
Candy had been here before, at least near here. She put her hand on Felicia’s shoulder to stop her. Yes, in the dream with Rupert they had been in a hallway on the other side. That was where she saw the glass doors to the backyard.
“There’s a hallway ahead,” Candy whispered. “The doors are in a room to the right.”
Candy took cautious steps next to Jimmy. He had his flashlight turned off and the only thing she had to guide her was the faint traces of moonlight against stainless steel appliances. Still, all was eerily silent. Jimmy flicked his flashlight on again to get a bearing of where they were. Candy screamed at the bloody mess of what had once been a vampire on the floor. Jimmy clasped his hand over her mouth and pulled her into his arms.
“Keep moving,” Melvin said. The dark hallway loomed ahead.
Felicia yelled out in pain as her flashlight went spinning across the tiled floor, briefly revealing a pair of feet before it winked out with a crunch. Jimmy held his hand in front of Candy. Their panicked breaths filled the room along with Felicia’s whimpering. Jimmy pointed his flashlight at the wounded hand she was clutching; there were three deep, bleeding gouges on the back. Someone was out there in the darkness.
“Let us pass,” Melvin called out. “There doesn’t need to be any more bloodshed.”
“Blood I like,” boomed a heavy Russian accent.
“Oh, shit.”
Jimmy pointed his flashlight into the hallway. Meatrack stood there, menacing in his immense size and nasty demeanor. Candy briefly found herself wondering where a man his size could get a button up shirt and pants that fit. The Russian took a step forward to block the exit from the kitchen. Melvin and Felicia trained their guns on him.
“American make grave mistake,” Meatrack said. “Do not honor debt. I crush you like I crush sissy Blake.”
Candy let out a hushed whimper, but there was no time to worry about Blake. She tried to remember anything she could, but it had all been too dark in the dream. She looked back into the depths of the kitchen away from the hallway but she couldn’t see anything.
“The Brits are the dishonorable ones,” Jimmy said. “They’re the ones who don’t honor boundaries. They’re the ones who try to take what doesn’t belong to them.”
“Stupid American. You think you win Cold War?” Meatrack snarled.
No one knew what the hell he was talking about. 
“You have nowhere to run,” Rupert said from somewhere in the darkness behind them, an edge of tension and urgency on his voice. “This is your last chance. Candy comes with me and then we go our separate ways.”
Candy turned and pointed her gun into the shadows.
“No, this is your last chance,” Melvin said, not taking his eyes or gun away from Meatrack. “I’m not bowing down to you motherfuckers anymore. I’m tired of your lies and treachery. There’s a pack of wolves outside right now. Call off your brainless muscle and then we go our separate ways.”
Meatrack ground his teeth together.
Rupert laughed, the sound emanating from several points in the darkness before fading away. “My family is in here while your pack is out there among even more vampires. Who’s bluffing, I wonder? You can’t win, lycan. You have ten seconds to hand the girl over.”
Melvin’s hand slowly moved down to one of the grenades on his belt. Jimmy gave a slight nod. Meatrack, growling like a dog, noticed as well. Candy felt as if her heart was about to explode out of her chest. And then, scaring her nearly out of her mind, a huge white paw darted out from around the corner across Meatrack’s shoulder, claws catching skin and pulling the Russian out of the kitchen and into the hallway.
Melvin flung the grenade behind him. “Go!”
Candy didn’t think. She ran towards the hallway, towards the sounds of an animal that should have had her mind reeling with fear, towards Meatrack’s cursing, towards heavy bodies smashing into walls. The flashlight bobbed up and down as they ran. Candy caught a glimpse of Meatrack’s head in the mouth of a polar bear, blood running down sharp teeth. Meatrack pushed forward, crushing White Paul into a wall, cracking it.
The grenade blasted behind them. A bright light flashed, illuminating everything for a precious few seconds. Rupert yelled.
“This way,” Melvin said, turning right, away from White Paul and Meatrack. He went a few feet down the hall and then he and Felicia stopped and turned their guns on the Russian. His clothes were shredded and stained red from the blood running down his head. Candy didn’t think it was possible, but he now had the upper hand on White Paul, overpowering the hulking polar bear. White Paul growled, an almost pathetic sound, and tried to bring his mouth down on the huge vampire. Meatrack seized him by the muzzle and clamped it shut.
Melvin aimed. “Send my love to Russia.”
Melvin and Felicia held down the triggers on their paintballs guns, the POPs mixing with the sound of the balls breaking against walls, floor and skin. Meatrack bellowed beneath the deluge of holy water as his body began to slowly disintegrate into steam. He tried to cover himself with his arms, his clothing drenched with water and bloody gore. White Paul took the opportunity to grip down hard on the Russian’s head. He swung him back and forth like a ragdoll, neck bones and tendons snapping and popping. With one toss over his shoulder, he sent Meatrack flying down the other end of the hallway.
Several sets of heavy footfalls resounded in the kitchen. White Paul looked tired and wounded, but he nodded his head. Melvin waved him off, and then the bear limped into the darkness where he had tossed Meatrack.
“Come on! The doors should be up ahead,” Melvin said.
Again they ran. Rupert yelled behind them, “Where are you running, love?” Candy and the Misfits came into a living room. Ahead were the two sets of glass doors she had seen from the outside and from the dream, with the deck and the pool beyond. The moon reflected off darkened water, chunks of fleshy gore and random articles of clothing floating in it. With her hand still gripped tightly into Jimmy’s, they made a sprint for it.
Vivian appeared out of nowhere. The insane British bastard had a bloody claw mark across his white shirt, though the skin beneath didn’t appear torn. His hands hung down at his sides, long fingernails silhouetted against the faint moonlight streaming through the doors. Gavin appeared out of the darkness on Candy’s left.
Melvin raised his gun. “Get the fuck out of the way!”
Vivian stuck his chest out, daring Melvin to shoot while laughing maniacally. The next thing Candy knew, there was an iron grip squeezing her throat as she was ripped away from Jimmy. She kicked and tried to scream as someone dragged her back into the darkness. Rupert whispered next to her ear, “Why do you have to be such a pain in the ass?”
Candy couldn’t breathe, and what little air she managed to gasp in came with the strong scent of blood on it. Jimmy spun around and fixed the beam of his flashlight on her. Rupert lifted her a couple more inches off the ground.
“Let her go! I’m going to kill you motherfuckers for what you did to me,” Jimmy said.
Rupert and Vivian laughed. Gavin took the opportunity to move forward. Felicia spun around and aimed her gun at him. Vivian made his move, causing both Felicia and Melvin to hold down on their triggers. Vivian easily dodged the few paintballs Melvin sprayed at him, and Felicia didn’t fare any better.
They both ran out of ammo. Candy couldn’t move let alone try to aim her gun.
“Jig’s up,” Rupert said. “Your little wolf friends are dead by now. If not, the Magister will be arriving shortly to finish them. Once he sees the mess you made here, all of the vampires you killed, he’ll declare war on your whole kind. So do yourself a favor, donkey. Run away as fast as you can. Run away knowing I’m having my way with your girl. Run knowing that soon, very soon, we’ll find you and every other shapeshifter.”
The room fell into silence. Melvin dropped his gun and took two grenades into his hands, tossing the pins to the side. “Come any closer and I let these go,” he said. Felicia dropped her gun and pulled out two stakes from her belt.
“What, and blow everyone up?” Rupert laughed. “Those aren’t real, as we’ve already seen. Big bang and a loud flash.”
“No, these are the real deal.” Melvin took a few steps towards Vivian, who frowned and backed up against the glass doors.
“They’re not real!” Rupert shouted.
Vivian only looked half convinced. Gavin stepped out from the shadows towards Felicia.
“I’ve given you all ample opportunities,” Rupert said. “But now I’m out of patience. Kill them.”
Gavin moved, almost too fast for anyone to react. Felicia took on some kind of a karate stance she had probably seen in a movie with both stakes in her hands. She wouldn’t be a match for the vampire. Candy yelled and kicked, but it was no use. Rupert was too strong.
Jimmy turned his flashlight on the fight between Gavin and Felicia. That gave Melvin something to aim at, and he tossed both grenades up in the air. The grenades landed near Gavin’s feet as he stepped forward and slapped a stake out of Felicia’s hand. There were two bangs and then water shot out from the grenades, drenching both Gavin and Felicia all the way up their legs. The vampire screamed and flailed, tendrils of steam pouring out from his pant legs. Felicia struck out with the stake, sinking it with a sickening wet sound deep into his chest. Gavin, his face petrified, crumpled into the wall when the bones in his legs snapped out of the skin. An enormous, flat-panel television fell onto his head, crushing him in a crash of glass and blood.
“Death by television . . . ,” Felicia whispered in wonder. “Wicked.”
Vivian clenched his fists. “Yeh’ll pay fer that!”
Candy gasped, but it wasn’t the remnants of Gavin beneath the television that stole the breath right out of her lungs. Rupert must have seen what she saw too, because his grip on her eased to nothing. Outside, beyond the glass doors, stood the form of a massive, bipedal beast covered in black fur. The monster was so tall it had to crouch down to look in through the doors with red eyes. It had the snout of a wolf full of sharp teeth and its fur was stained with dark blood.
“Bloody hell,” Rupert gasped.
Vivian’s face slackened. Before he could turn around the lupine smashed its arms through the glass and sunk dagger long claws into his sides. His mouth opened to scream but the lupine ripped him out of the room before a single sound came out. The beast stood to its full height, concealing its head as well as everything above Vivian’s knees over the top of the door. A single blood curdling scream filled the night air followed only by the sound of crunching.
“Holy shit . . . ,” Rupert said. Candy thought the same.
Vivian’s legs twitched and then he fell headless to the ground. The monster lowered itself back down, its red eyes searching into the room, blood dripping from its chin. A piece of bone fell from the side of its mouth—no, a piece of skull. Felicia and Melvin took steps away from the doors. Gavin twitched, moaning like a helpless cripple. The lupine craned its head in the wounded vampire’s direction and then began to slam its muscled shoulder into the doorframe.
Everyone ran the other direction.
Candy’s chest burned as she pushed her legs as fast as she possibly could. Rupert disappeared into the darkness in front of her as she came into a foyer that had a smashed door leading outside. She tripped over something wet before she reached the exit and fell hard onto her chest. The paintball gun went skidding across the floor. Melvin and Felicia didn’t notice and hauled ass outside. Jimmy stopped and went back for her, holding his hand out.
Rupert appeared out of the shadows. Jimmy went flying into a wall.
Gavin’s short-lived screams rang out from the back room.
Rupert pulled Candy up by her hair and wrapped his fingers like a vice around her throat. His screams echoed throughout the house, “You’re all fucking dead! They won’t stop until they find every one of you. Did you think you could come into the house of the most powerful family in America and get away with this?”
He tightened his grip until Candy felt like her chest was about to explode. Inky darkness crept into the corners of her vision. Rupert’s voice seemed to come from far away, “If I can’t have you, no one can.”
And then his grip released and Candy fell to her knees. Wonderful air rushed into her lungs. Feeling returned to her extremities and her vision became clear again. Rupert slammed into a wall. Then he moved, swinging out his arm, and Blake went sliding across the floor.
Rupert screamed like a madman. “You’ve killed your whole family!” 
Blake jumped up onto his feet and tackled him. “Not if you’re dead!” They both went crashing over a couch and into a table.
Rupert clawed Blake’s eyes and threw him into a wall. He was too fast for Blake.
“Fucking yanks!” 
Candy scrambled over to Jimmy. He moaned and rubbed his head, and then yelled, “Behind you!”
The paintball gun lay right there next to her. She picked it up, rolled over onto her back, and held down the trigger. The balls streaked out at Rupert, a few hitting him, more hitting the wall behind him, and some hitting Blake slouched against the wall. They both screamed and then she lost sight of Rupert. A second later, her hand flared with pain as Rupert knocked the paintball gun out of her grip. He lifted her up by the neck and once again precious air couldn’t make it to her lungs.
Jimmy said something behind her, but she didn’t know what.
Rupert’s face looked like it had been burned all over. This asshole’s ugly, burnt up face is the last thing I’m ever going to see. As Candy thought that, his face twisted with surprise into a silent scream of agony and she had to cover her face as blood sprayed out of his mouth. Rupert fell to his knees, clutching the tip of a stake protruding from his chest as the blood continued gushing out.
Candy wasn’t sure if her oxygen deprived brain was playing tricks on her or not. The image of a girl with black hair stood out against the darkness for the briefest of seconds, like the flash of a ghost in her mind. She blinked. There was no one there.
The lupine howled down the hallway, shocking her back into reality. She felt faint. Blake held her up.
The lupine howled again, this time closer. Red eyes flashed in the dark.
“Get her out of here,” Jimmy said. “Get her someplace safe. Go!”
Candy looked down at Jimmy, at his face twisted with pain. She saw Rupert there, too. He turned his head ever so slowly, the stake still sticking out of his heart, his eyes begging, pleading for help. Jimmy picked up the paintball gun. Candy didn’t want to watch as he put it in the vampire’s mouth. She was tired, her whole body throbbed, and she wanted nothing more than to close her eyes. But she had to see. She had to know.
“I hope you burn in hell with the rest of your fucked up family,” Jimmy said.
He held back on the trigger. Rupert convulsed while water mixed with blood, flesh, and the torn shells of the paintballs poured out of his mouth. His head exploded like a bomb, splashing brains and bone against the wall. Jimmy slumped down to the floor. Candy closed her eyes.
“Get her out,” Jimmy said again.
Blake lifted her off her feet and she wrapped her arms around his neck. Wind rushed against her, through her hair. After an amount of time she couldn’t recall, he set her back down. She didn’t want to let go of him. They held each other for a long time.
“We need to get you someplace safe,” he said.
“Is it over? Is the nightmare over?”
“Almost.”
The wind rushed again. The next thing she knew she was in the passenger seat of his car. Candy curled up, not bothering to put on the safety belt. She just wanted to sleep. She just wanted to forget.
“It’s over,” she heard Blake say.
The car pitched into motion. Exhaustion crept over her. A woman was singing on the radio.
Girls just want to have fun.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Candy woke up in the impossibly comfortable four poster bed. She was wearing plaid pajamas and there were several bandages on her body from wounds she didn’t realize she had suffered. She sat up and looked out the window to a bright and warm summer afternoon.
If she had dreamed, she only vaguely remembered it.
Someone knocked on the door. Candy tried to say “come in,” but her neck was terribly sore and a crackled mutter came out instead. She went over and opened it to see Renaldo.
“Good afternoon, Miss Candy. Are you feeling well?”
She nodded and said in a hoarse whisper, “Yes.”
Renaldo smiled pleasantly. “Very good. I’ll have one of the maids come up again to check on your wounds. Is there anything I can get you in the meantime?”
Candy shook her head. Renaldo turned to leave.
“Wait. Where’s Blake? Is he okay?”
“Master Blake is well. He’s asleep.”
Renaldo retreated down the hallway. Candy shut the door and went into the bathroom. She took off the bandages and found a nasty cut on her arm. She stood beneath hot water in the shower for a long time before getting dressed in jeans and a plain shirt. All of the clothes Renaldo had bought for her were tucked away in drawers or hanging in the closet, plus quite a bit more.
She started towards the door then paused. Out of the corner of her eye she noticed several boxes wrapped with bows beside the bed. She reached for one of the boxes and then noticed a car key with a pink bow on top of the nightstand. She picked it up and put it in her pocket.
Renaldo sat in the antechamber near the front door reading his book. He hopped out of the chair when Candy came down the stairs.
“Are you hungry?” he said.
“No.” She reached out and hugged him. He stood there awkwardly. “Thank you for everything, Renaldo. You’re a good man.”
He cleared his throat and straightened his suit. “You’re welcome, Miss Candy.”
Candy started to unlock the many bolts on the door.
“Where are you going?”
“Home,” she said as she opened the door. Out on the driveway a pink Porsche waited for her. She pushed the unlock button on the key fob. The sports car beeped and flashed its lights.
“I’m going home, Renaldo.”

* * * * *

“You know how worried I’ve been?”
Somehow, Candy didn’t think her mother had been half as worried as she now tried to make it seem. When Candy arrived home none of her friends or extended family were waiting for her return. Her scrawny mother, who was only thirty-eight but looked more like fifty, had been sitting in front of her favorite daytime talk show in a night gown with a glass of whiskey dangling in her hand. Her mother hadn’t mentioned anything about the police, a missing persons report, or an ongoing investigation. Candy opened up the refrigerator and pulled out a jug of orange juice.
“You need to get a job if you’re going to be back eating all my food again. God knows no college wants you and your luck with men’s worse than mine.”
“That’s the truth,” Candy muttered.
Her mother belligerently carried on. She must have been one glass shy of the kind of drunk where a person rambles nonsensically. “If you’re going to run around for days at a time doing God knows what, at least warn me. This is my house! And keep your legs closed, I can’t afford another child.”
“Yes, Mother,” Candy said to appease her.
Candy went to her room. She was surprised to find her mother hadn’t moved everything out of it. Her bed was still there, made up with a black and white comforter the way it had been the last time she was home several days earlier. Her red laptop was on the desk where she left it along with mail strewn all over the place; mostly letters from colleges.
She sat on her bed and pulled out the cell phone the Misfits had given her. She thought about calling her friends, at least Amanda, until she realized she didn’t care. They had all probably forgotten about her and, if they hadn’t, she had forgotten about them.
She stared at the ceiling for a long time with the cell phone on her chest. She heard her mother yell, asking whose pink Porsche was in the driveway. Candy laughed, though the humor was short lived. She had almost died. She had seen other people die, even if they were the vampires trying to get her.
The Misfits might have started a war with the vampires because of her.
The cell phone buzzed on her chest. She read the display and knew the number. It wasn’t yet evening, closer to four o’clock, and she knew vampires usually didn’t get up quite that early in the summer, though they could if they wanted. The early call didn’t surprise her. She ignored it and waited to see how long it took for him to call again. Six minutes.
She flipped the phone open and hit the “END” button to cancel the call. Then, she scrolled through the address book to another number and hit “TALK.”
“I’m glad you called,” Jimmy said.
Candy smiled. She put her head on a pillow and said, “Hey. Do you want to hang out sometime?”
Misfits Forever.

Thoughts, comments, questions or flames? Contact the author: mvtomasetti@gmail.com

If you enjoyed this novel, please consider leaving a review. Thank you.

Read on for the first chapter of Blood Slave, the second book in the Fangs Deep series.

THE FANGS DEEP SERIES
Blood Candy
Blood Slave
Blood Dreams

Chapter One

The vampire slipped through the crowd, a model of beauty against a backdrop of small-town mediocrity, yet no one else in the restaurant noticed his presence. Candy noticed. Never would she forget the inhumanly pale skin, the jet-black hair, the eerie gray eyes. No matter how much she wanted, the dreams never let her forget.
The tables in her section were forgotten as the noise and bustle in the restaurant faded away, everything except the vampire and what he represented. He was the unsettling reminder of cold hands around her neck, choking the life away, of menacing fangs stained red with blood, of the bite that burned through her with an indescribable passion. The memories of a nightmare she’d lived through day and night, what his kind had put her and her friends through, how close they had come to dying.
And now he was in her town, at her place of work.
“Are you done daydreaming yet?”
Candy snapped back to reality when her coworker, Julie Maronne, rushed down the aisle between packed tables while balancing a loaded tray on one hand. Julie tossed a sneer over her shoulder on her way by.
“Sorry,” Candy said, but her eyes instantly drifted back to the vampire.
This was her fourth shift at Maronne’s Bar & Grill, and the dining room along with the bar was completely packed with the Sunday night crowd. The job wasn’t glorious or even lucrative, but it got her out of the house, away from her mother, and put a few dollars into her pocket. The bar was owned by Anthony Maronne and staffed with his taskforce of Italian relatives, Julie being one of the younger cousins or sisters or nieces, Candy wasn’t sure which and she didn’t really care.
The work would have been more enjoyable if it wasn’t for Julie, who seemed to be on a mission to make Candy’s life more difficult than it already was. And so long as vampires didn’t make unexpected visits.
Candy made her way to a table full of rowdy rednecks, though her eyes never strayed far from the vampire. She barely paid attention to the hoots and whistles aimed at the snug fit of her dark blue uniform while she handed out drinks. She gave them a pleasant smile and scribbled down their orders, even though she knew these slobs wouldn’t leave much of a tip.
No matter how much she tried, she couldn’t concentrate on anything. The vampire had been at the bar for less than five minutes and he was already flanked by two women. If they knew what he was, they’d run away.
It felt like a nightmare was clawing its way out of a locked place in her mind. From a hidden vantage in the drink station between the kitchen and the dining room, Candy watched the vampire, though it didn’t appear he knew she existed, so busy was he with the growing crowd of women around him. He was doing this on purpose—she knew he was here to torment her, to make a public display of it. The order pad crumpled in her hand, though she was unsure who she hated more: the vampire or the trash flirting with him.
No one else knew what he was, knew anything about his dark secret; certainly not the promiscuous women hanging all over him. Who could she tell? Who could she go to for help? There was no one, but she wouldn’t let him get into her head. She had to keep herself busy, to beat him at his own game and not acknowledge him.
Since the busboys were swamped and falling behind, Candy went out to clear one of her tables in the dining room. But keeping busy didn’t clear her mind; not when the vampire was sitting right there at the bar. Why was he here? Hadn’t she made herself clear when she told him to leave her alone? Her movements became frantic as she wiped the table, as she remembered things she never wanted to remember again, until she swiped a plate right off the edge. Dozens of eyes turned to her and the mess she’d made. The hair on the back of her neck stood on end and she knew by the sudden chill freezing through her veins that the vampire was watching as well.
She rushed into the kitchen to escape the unwanted attention. Why wouldn’t he leave her alone? He was doing this on purpose, of that she was sure. There was no other reason for someone like him to be out here in her small town, a place most people considered the middle of nowhere. Glancing at a clock on the wall, she saw it was five hours into her six hour shift. She didn’t know if she could take another hour of this.
Julie Maronne smacked a serving tray onto the counter loud enough that Candy jumped.
“You don’t get paid to stand around.”
Like most of her family, Julie had black hair and blue eyes, and those eyes were piercing straight through Candy. Since Candy’s first night on the job, Julie had done nothing but give her a hard time, which undoubtedly had something to do with pointless drama from years ago in school. Candy didn’t say a word, didn’t want to instigate, though plenty of choice words came to mind. She only wished that Julie would give it a rest already; her nerves were on edge and she didn’t have the patience to deal with this right now. From the look on Julie’s face, she wasn’t about to back off.
“I know what you’re doing.” Julie narrowed her eyes and jabbed a finger at Candy. “You may be able to con my uncle into giving you a job with a shake of your ass but that won’t fly with me. I’ve been working here for three years and I’ll be damned if you come in and take my tables.”
Candy bit her tongue, mostly because she wanted to keep her job, and also because Julie was a good three inches taller. Julie gave a satisfied half-grin as if the battle had been won. A few of the greasy cooks were staring at the spectacle, making Candy want to tell her where she could stick her attitude right along with her precious tables.
“Don’t think I forgot what you and your friends did,” Julie said before she walked away.
“Just ignore her,” one of the cooks said. “She’s not happy unless she’s bitching about something.”
Candy grabbed a tray full of orders and went to finish her shift, intent on heeding the cook’s advice. As she tried to figure out what plate went to which boisterous redneck, she felt an unmistakable chill seep into her skin, but every time she turned around the vampire was only paying attention to one of the trashy girls hanging all over him.
She couldn’t take it anymore. She didn’t care if the vampire won whatever game he was playing, if he proved that he could get into her head and break her down. She retreated into the employee lounge and hid there like a frightened child. It was less than two weeks ago when she and her friends were tormented and nearly killed by a family of vampires and those memories were all too fresh. Candy just wanted to forget, just wanted to return to her life and never see another pair of fangs again.
“You okay, sweetie?”
Samantha Maronne walked into the lounge. She was the veteran waitress on shift who had been training Candy over the last week and her black hair was frazzled from too many trips into the baking hot kitchen. Unlike Julie, Samantha was pleasant to be around and had a motherly quality that made working with her very easy.
“I’m fine,” Candy said, feeling stupid for neglecting her work.
“Does this have anything to do with the young man who was at the bar?”
“No,” Candy lied. “Why?”
Samantha gave her an empathetic look that conveyed she’d been around for a while and knew a few things; that they could talk if Candy wanted. Then she checked the watch on her wrist and said, “You only have twenty minutes left on your shift. Why don’t you head on home. I’ll finish up your last two tables and give you the tip money tomorrow.”
“I can finish,” Candy insisted.
“Go on home.” Samantha pulled a piece of paper out of her apron pocket. “That young man left this for you. Go on and clock out. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
After Samantha left the lounge, Candy stared at the note for a long time. Written on the front in neat cursive was her first name. The thought of throwing it away crossed her mind, but what good would that do? Slowly, she unfolded the note and read the brief message within.

Candy,
Sorry if I made you uncomfortable, but we need to talk. It’s not over yet. Please call me.
Blake

She crammed the note into her pocket and clocked out. She should have thrown it away. She shouldn’t have ever read it. Now those words were stuck in her head—it’s not over yet. No, that couldn’t be true. It was over. The vampire family was dead. She had seen them all die. Candy grabbed her handbag and headed out of the restaurant, ignoring one last parting glare from Julie along the way.
Maronne’s Bar & Grill wasn’t far from her mother’s house so she walked to work instead of wasting money on gas now that her mother found it necessary to charge for rent. She never thought her first summer after high school would have turned out the way it had. It never crossed her mind that she’d have to fight for her life against bloodsucking monsters. But those events had led her to the friends she never would have met otherwise, friends who meant the world to her, and she even managed to fall in love during that nightmare. The world had a funny way of arranging things.
The main street through town was illuminated with regular intervals of streetlights and it was mostly empty at eleven o’clock at night. The family owned shops crowding the street were closed, but the bustling activity of encroaching corporate America was interspersed here and there. The fast food joints stayed open well into the night, capitalizing on a small town’s desire for greasy burgers and overloaded burritos outside of normal eating hours. Candy had lived here all of her life and she quickly walked along this familiar route, her mind focused on a million different things. At the moment, Julie’s attitude was the least of her concerns.
She slipped her hand into the pocket of her work pants, feeling the note inside. What did he mean by “it’s not over yet?”
The eight-bit noises and flashing lights of the arcade prompted her to jog across the street. The arcade didn’t close until midnight during the summer and it was a place for teens—and adults who thought they were still teens—to hang out all night long without worry of the police hassling them. Once Candy was across the street, she flipped open her cell phone to send a text message to her boyfriend. Jimmy and his friends would know what to do about Blake. They were shapeshifters, after all, and they’d been dealing with vampires for years.
The parking lot of the local market was a shortcut she often used to access her neighborhood as well as a throughway for drivers intent on skipping the light at the end of the street. As her feet led the way along the familiar path, she brought up Jimmy’s entry in the cell phone and started typing out a message for him to call as soon as possible. They had to suffer a long distance relationship over the last week since the end of their ordeal with the vampires, but they talked on the phone at every available chance. Candy figured if love can conquer the vast distances of oceans, then it can surely overcome the measly distance of a small state like Massachusetts. Separation made the heart grow fonder, or something like that.
Halfway through the text a rock skipped across the asphalt. Candy glanced over her shoulder and saw two figures approaching along the same route she had taken away from the arcade. She picked up her pace, if anything because her nerves were already on edge. The sound of shoes scuffling against the blacktop told her the figures had picked up their pace as well. She checked over her shoulder again, ready to run to the safety of the distant streetlights in her neighborhood if need be.
“Look at what we have here.”
Candy yelped when she walked right into a tall man wearing a wicked grin on his gaunt face. She instinctively took a backwards step away, but the two figures behind her meant she had nowhere to turn, and nowhere to run.
