The Holy Chicken Scratches

By Selmoore Codfish


Copyright 2013 Selmoore Codfish

Smashwords Edition

* * * * *


Table of Contents

Holy Chicken Scratches, Chapters 1 to 27
About the Author
Sausages, Chapter 1

* * * * *


Chapter 1

If I pretended that I knew what I was doing then the hordes might let me pass with skin still on my bones.  However, too many people were gathered.  One was bound to say, “Here’s someone new we can butcher.”
The crowd resembled and innocent picnic on the grounds of the seminary campus.  Families sat on blankets and ate from coolers.  The disrupted festivities were and unexpected but welcome entertainment.
An argument blocked the path in front of me.  Like ants, they fought over crumbs.  I’d rather not be on the menu.  I lied to myself that I was a measly morsel that no one would make a big deal over.
As I neared I saw that one of the people on the path was a news reporter who was trying to do an interview, but someone kept interrupting.
“Once again, please tell the viewers what the disappearance of the icon means.”
“The ascension of the Holy Talisman during the week of the Feast of the Sacrifice is a sign of God’s approval,” said the interviewee, who was an older man with a gray beard and wore a cream colored robe.
I wasn’t sure what he meant by “ascension.”  I was simply told that the historic artifact I was there to investigate was lost, but then again, I usually received vague information from my boss.
“No,” interrupted another man, who was much younger and wore a brown robe.  The reporter held up his hand to have the young man stop, but he continued.
“It means God has become angry.  Too many of the supposedly devout have not been following his commands and have not humbled themselves.”
I lingered on the path, as I approached them.  I felt drawn into the feeding frenzy because the questions and answers were about the missing artifact.  However, the argument replaced calm discussion.
 “We have been very devout,” said the older man with pronounced emphasis.  “We have been conducting hourly prayer services in the Temple since the ascension.  We are the only order that has managed to do that.”
Undaunted, the man in the brown robe jumped right in before the other was finished.
“We are the smaller order.  We have only recently broken from them,” he said while pointing to his rival.
The younger man was a representative from the Brownies and the older was a Cream.  You’d think I was talking about snacks for the picnic, wouldn’t you?  One chocolate and one vanilla.  Well, the men were neither food nor palatable.
Creams and Brownies were nicknames given to two religious orders to avoid a mouthful of wordy descriptions. The nicknames came from their robes’ colors.  The Creams were the Brothers from the Order of the Meek and Humble.  The Brownies were otherwise known as the Brothers from the Order of the Meek and Resolutely Humble.  Their names were too long, and nobody wanted to listen to a time-consuming, boastful handle when a nickname sufficed.  Despite their appetizing nicknames, they did not join the picnic.  They were being devoured, but by each other.
“They say they are so humble, but they wear cream colored robes which are much too vibrant.  Brown is a more resolutely humble color for robes.”  A few other brownies crowded around the reporter and cheered their representative.  However, the Brownie seemed hypocritical to me.  If he wanted a plain robe he shouldn’t have decorated it with all his merit badges for starting fires (in someone’s soul), or survivalist training (living on bread and water).
“Cream is the historical color of our robes.  These newer orders are too irresponsible.  Those young rascals meddle with our traditions.  We have been wearing cream colored robes for over a millennia,” the Cream snorted.  The crowd was silent.  Breaking traditions was more exciting than maintaining them.
“It is not the charge of the church to follow tradition when it is so clearly immoral,” said the Brownie interrupting the Cream.
“The Temple is built on tradition.  The temple is tradition.  Without tradition we have …”  I could barely hear the rest of the interview since I was well beyond them now.  The hubbub from the other scattered groups masked the interview.
It was interesting they debated the colors of their garments and not the issues of their orders, but who was I to judge?  I had a mission.  However, it suddenly occurred to me that I had no idea where I was going.  I was too focused on making it through the crown unscathed.
Earlier that morning I was focused on sleep when my boss, Ted called and said, “Neal, go directly to Elliot Seminary.  A religious artifact has gone missing.”
I should have gotten more out of him than that, but I had just woken up.  Despite being in his eighties, Theodore Duffy arrived at work well before eight A.M.  I was on flextime and showed up around nine.
I’d noticed that Ted’s left ear was his good one, but when he was on the phone he always held the receiver up to his other ear.  I’m sure he probably had a good reason for this, and I hoped he would someday let me in on it.
“Where should I go?”  I asked using a very loud voice while trying to clearly enunciate all of the syllables.  Talking to him was always a challenge.
“Elliot Seminary,” he said.
“Where at Elliot Seminary?”
“You should know where it’s at.  It’s a mile north of Highway 6.”
This conversation wasn’t going anywhere so I tried another way.  “To whom should I speak with?” I asked.
“Okay, talk to you later.  Bye,” Ted said, then hung up.
A challenge in frustration, that’s what our conversations were.  Nonetheless, I was game for anything.  I thought I would be all right.  I thought I would be able to wander around until I found the Seminary offices, but I quickly realized it wouldn’t be that easy.  The place was bigger than I had anticipated.
The campus was about as big as a mid-sized university.  The buildings were clustered together with parking lots ringing around them.  The campus was located on the fringe of the suburbs and I’d heard it was there before the neighborhoods were built which eventually surrounded it.  One of the oldest buildings looked to be a temple.  Some of the newer buildings might have been offices.
A direction marker would have been helpful, but I couldn’t find one.  I imagined that if I maintained a level of countenance that people would approach me to offer help.  However, nobody ran up to me saying, “You are obviously someone important.  We can tell by your countenance.  What can we do to help?”
People are like that.  At least, when you are not on the menu.
Instead, I dialed Opal Klugner’s direct number from my cell phone.  Ted and his secretary, Opal, were complete opposites.  Ted was very quiet, but if I merely said “hello” to Opal she would tell me about her day, about her weekend, about her previous or upcoming vacation and what she had for dinner for every meal on that vacation.  If I didn’t find an excuse to leave, my entire day was shot.
When I first joined, about seven years ago, I would be in their office talking to Opal and completely forget that Ted was there.  I would be involved in a conversation with her for an hour by the time Ted would comment on something.  It didn’t matter what it was.  Everything he said sounded the same to most people.  Then I would have to readjust my mental image to the fact that it was supposed to be a three-way conversation.
Opal might talk for half an hour if I called her now, but it was worth the risk.  Hopefully, she wasn’t out because then Ted answered her phone at those times despite the fact that Bobbie Benvue would be there too.  Bobbie was a perfectly efficient receptionist.
Officially, Bobbie was my administrative assistant, but since I did all of my own correspondence, she was really more of a receptionist.  She also opened the mail and made the deposit slips for the insurance premiums.
She worked fast and did a good job, but she didn’t handle criticism well.  If I corrected her work she might start crying.
“I’m sorry,” she would say with tears.
“I thought you meant to mail out the rate adjustments by next Monday, not this.”
Anyone could have made that mistake.
“That’s okay.  By tomorrow will be fine,” I would console.  I didn’t like tears, especially from people I employ.
“I’m really sorry.”  Her sniffing would carry over into my nightmares.
Yes, I really hoped Opal would pick up the phone.  Ted or Bobbie?  Well, I just wasn’t in the mood.
Someone picked up the phone.
“Sacred Recluse Self-Insurance Group.”
Whew.  It was Opal.
I asked her for directions.
“Go see President Frost in the Administrative Building.  We need you there because we have no record of their policy with us and we need an assessment of potential liability,” she told me.


* * * * *


Chapter 2

In a place far from Neal Harris and long before his troubles, there was a woman named Mary who went to see a man known as a healer.  Mary earned her living through licentious hand-holding with men outside of the bonds of marriage.  For this, she was a dues-paying member of the Strumpet Guild.
Mary entered and kneeled before the healer.
Four scribes sat along the periphery of the gathering.  They observed the nuance of every action the healer made, but did not interact with him.  They recorded their interpretations on scrolls using quill pens.
“I’ve had a life full of transgressions.  Please take away my guilt and heal my heart,” Mary said.
“If you give up your sinful life so that you can come to God and serve his people then you will become healed,” the man replied.
“What can I do to serve God’s people?”
“Take all of your worldly possessions and sell them.”
Her bracelet slid off very easily since the clasp was broken.  She handed it to the healer.
“It is plain and not worth much, but it is all that I have.” 
She obviously didn’t want to part with the bracelet, but she needed to be healed more than she needed any worldly goods.
The healer, caring and mindful of her pain at having to part with her only trinket, folded his hands over hers.
“This will bring food to the hungry and comfort to the sick.  The blessings of the Lord.”
Mary the Strumpet thanked him as the Four Recording Secretaries of Faith prepared to enter the transaction into the record for posterity to be bound and reprinted for the teaching of humankind.
Helvetica, the first scribe, wrote on his tablet, “Chapter 7, verse 12:  The Savior says, ‘I bless this Talisman.’  Verse 13:  ‘It has the power to feed the hungry and cure the sick for those who repent of their transgressions.’”
Courier, the second scribe wrote, “Chapter 8, verse 1:  A strumpet came to ask forgiveness from Ralph.  Verse 2:  Ralph does say unto her, ‘Woman go and sell your belongings to give good to the hungry and comfort to the infirm.’  Verse 3:  ‘And for Mary the clouds parted and the blessing of the Lord fell upon her like a beam of sunlight for she knew she had found peace.’”
New Times Roman, the third scribe wrote, “A chick, an asp, a newt, an egg may be, but fry them up they taste the same to me.”
Later, Gothic, the fourth scribe awoke from his nap.  He saw that he must have missed something so he copied Helvetica 7:1-12 to Gothic 7:1-12.  Then he took another nap after telling the other scribes, “Wake me when we get to the part where some notorious official makes him sleep with the fishes.”


* * * * *


Chapter 3

“Did she really say that?” asked the first secretary, the one that looked like she couldn’t be much older than sixteen.
She was pretty and plain at the same time with the kind of uncertainty that couldn’t decide which one she would grow up to be if left to her own God-given attributes.
I really couldn’t hear what the second one was saying.  They were both sitting behind a large U-shaped reception desk.  The other secretary had her back to me and they were both speaking rather softly.  They were probably talking without much sound so that their boss, President Frost, didn’t hear them gossiping.  He probably wouldn’t have noticed anyhow since he was on the phone in the next room.  I was promised by the teenage-looking secretary that the President would be available shortly and asked to “please take a chair.”
The office was in one of the older buildings with equipment that was a patchwork of old and new.  The U-shaped desk and computer were new, but behind it was a manual typewriter on a rolling cart that looked like it was older than me.
“I can’t believe that she doesn’t know that,” said the young one, deeply embroiled in either new gossip or old rumors.
I didn’t really care, so I looked around.  I was bored which was getting to be more of a common occurrence in my daily life.  I wasn’t young enough to be entertained by trivia, yet I wasn’t old enough to be interested in philosophy.
I could always look around and find something new to me or at least new to me that day.
The room itself was a good place to start for a distraction.  On the wall there was religious artwork.  Well, maybe I shouldn’t call it art.  It wasn’t good art, but rather a macaroni and dried bean montage of Our Savior Ralph’s sacrifice.  It was edible art.  If there was a drought we could pull it down, peel off the ingredients and make soup out of Our Savior.  He could provide more than one type of sustenance.  People became very devout whenever they looked at Ralph.  They’d stare at him for hours doing mental penance for real or imagined crimes.  After they were done staring, they were supposed to rise up, as Ralph had, and be clean and free of all sins and doubt.  Not everyone felt that way after a session with Ralph.  Meditating over an image of Ralph didn’t always produce those feelings.  In some, it just produced a craving for macaroni and bean soup.  It made me hungry.
“Well, we didn’t expect crowds of people to show up,” said the President on the phone.
The second secretary was saying something again, but I wasn’t trying to listen in.  I still hadn’t seen her face, but I did have a decent view of her bottom sitting on the rolling chair.  She was patting it with one of her hands.  My palms grew moist.  I wondered what would happen if I asked her why she had felt the need to manually supplement her conversation with visuals.  People who talked with their hands usually had something interesting on their minds that couldn’t be expressed verbally.
“Someone should tell her,” said the young secretary.
My attention was drawn to her, but I still heard the unusual one-sided conversation from the next room.  The juxtaposition of the two conversations provided just the distraction from boredom that I needed.
“I can’t help it if they all brought trash and the barrels are overflowing,” said the President on the phone.
He was shouting, a practice I never understood among people who wanted someone else to speak louder.  Influence by example, I supposed.  Although, it never seemed to work very well.
The second secretary was very shapely.  She looked to be a little older than her friend, but younger than me.  She was wearing a more business-like suit and it was cut to accent her form well.
“Maybe she likes looking like a clown,” said the young one.
She sniffed and looked superior. I sniffed too.  Sitting around bored made you were more conscious of your senses.  It was the first time I had thought of my nose in months.
The President’s voice boomed.
“No, I can’t make the custodial services empty the barrels again today.  Their company is on contract to do only certain services each day.”
The girls were giggling about something.  My view of the shapely secretary’s behind was partly obstructed because it was just around the corner of the desk.  I shifted in my chair to get a slightly better angle.
“It’s not the maintenance crew’s job to empty the barrels.  I could make them do it, but they might complain to their union.”
I looked up to see the girls had stopped talking and the youngish one was looking right at me.  She caught me looking at her friend’s bottom.
Look away.  Look at something.  The drapes.  I’m not really eavesdropping.  I’m studying the patterns on the drapes.  They have an eastern influence.  Can’t she see from the expression on my face that I think these drapes are absolutely the most wonderful things that I’ve ever seen?  I wasn’t looking at a bottom.  I was deep in concentration and didn’t realize where my eyes had drifted.
After a minute, I glanced back to see that the secretaries were talking again and giggling.
“Mr. Harris.  Hello,” greeted the President as he stood next to me.
He was a man with graying hair and he wore a Sire’s garb of a simple black robe and sash.  I had heard he was a very powerful man in the Temple.  Trying to appear dignified, I pushed bottoms and drapes out of my mind and focused on the President.
“How do you do, President Frost?” I said holding out my hand to shake.
“Yeah, right.  The same to you,” he said while giving a quick shake.
“Come in.”
He ushered me into his office and partly closed his door.
“Thanks for coming so quickly.  The Holy Talisman is the Seminary’s most important relic.”
He sat back in his chair behind an imposing desk and gestured for me to do the same.  I noticed the chairs for guests were more drab and on a smaller scale than the one he sat in.
I nodded, quickly to make friends.
“Yes, I suppose it must be.”
“Undoubtedly.  It couldn’t happen at a worse time.  Many of the Mother Assembly’s orders such as the Creams, Brownies, and Widows are here for The Feast.  It is when all believers in Our Savior Ralph celebrate his sacrifice by exchanging gifts of decorated eggs and candies.”
I’d heard that before.  All believers in Ralph, the so called Ralphians, celebrated The Feast.  Only the people from the Mother Assembly would want to celebrate here at our seminary for preachers.
Our dogma told us that the Mother Assembly is the original assembly of believers that had existed since the days of Ralph, two-thousand years ago.  There are other Ralphians besides the Mother Assembly.  A group of believers split from the Mother Assembly long ago.  They are called Objectors, not because they are in any way more objective about Ralph, but because they object to the Assembly’s teachings.
The first Objector was Brother Yam who was a member of an obscure order in the Mother Assembly.  After the split from us, he and the sect he founded were called Yammerers.
Brother Yam started the Objection Movement by posting his forty-seven objections on the doors of the St. Elle of Alba Temple doors.  His objections were that it is acceptable to wear white after Labor Day, but only if it is tennis shoes.  There were several more that I forget.  I’m sure that the objections were all very, very important to the Yammerers, but they don’t mean much to me as a Motherist.  We were more staid in our fashion sense.
Then after a pause the President continued.
“We are still hoping that it is within God’s will to have it returned to us, but soon we must consider moving on.  So what can we do to help?”
Ah, yes.  The regal, omnipotent “We.”
I cleared my throat and remembered why I was there.
“First, this will sound like an unusual question, but perhaps do you have a copy of the policy you hold through us?”
He flinched and shifted in his chair.  He seemed stunned and shaken by the question.  He was lucky, as was I, that I hadn’t asked him something more difficult such as, did he have a copy of the policy and a copy of the copy.
After rocking back and forth several times, he stood up.  Then he moved to the door and cracked his knuckles.
“No, I . . . .”  
He stopped in mid-sentence and stared at imaginary beings in the room.  He could have been thinking of what to say next or he could be reliving his last bout with indigestion.
I waited patiently for a moment.  This room had drapes too, nicer than the ones in the room with the shapely bottom.  I still preferred that room for obvious reasons.
“No.  You . . . um?” I prompted.
Nothing happened.  Yes, he was definitely out.  I waved my hands in front of his eyes, but they remained fixed in their gaze.  I moved them to the left and then to the right, but aside from the sound of his breathing, for all I knew he could have already joined Ralph in the great beyond.
It was not polite to wave your hands like that when a preacher goes into one of his trances, but it was effective to confirm that they were out.  It would have only been impolite if he woke right when I waved or he was not really out, but just thinking.  At that point, I could always say I was chasing a fly out of its appointed path, or a moth, maybe even a trail of smoke.  Fires could be anywhere.
Common knowledge tells us it is proper simply to wait.  It was impossible to wake him from a trance.  It happened to preachers in times of stress.  President Frost would wake after the stress was washed from his system.
At St. Calvin Klein, where I occasionally attended Temple, Sire Belcher had a big problem with the trances.  That’s probably because he had to give the Holy Sacrament so frequently.  He gave it at five temple assemblies a week in addition to his visits to the infirm.
Our Savior Ralph was forced to drink a vial of poison, an extract from Georgeberry bush leaves, which ended his life.  It was his great sacrifice for the future of the belief.  President Frost must have had the role of distributing the sacrament to the seminarians.
I thought that this trance shouldn’t last very long because he didn’t seem overly worked up.  The duration of such a self-hypnotic state was directly proportional to the amount of fervor and number of witnesses involved.  However, history reminded us that the length of a trance is not predictable.  For example, the Prayer of the Assembly was once very beautiful and much longer.  The preacher read a line from the prayer as found in the Holy Book and supposedly the choir would repeat it in chant.  The experience would last several minutes.
However, whenever a preacher went into a trance during a prayer the entire Temple Assembly would also have to remain suspended.  It was sacrilegious to interrupt a prayer.  A preacher could be out for as little as a few seconds or, more rarely, as long as a couple days.
Some of the more infirm members of the Assembly might pass-on during a longer trance.  It became too hard to sustain a large Assembly because there was a constant need to replace the Assembly members.  Hence, Helvetica, the Ninth decreed that the Prayer of the Temple would be shortened to: “His will be done.”
Even though it was much shorter, it was still possible for preachers to trance during it.  There was an occasional death or two.  In modern times, Courier the Twentieth shortened the prayer to “his will” and then finally to “will” where “his” is implied.  It was nearly impossible to kill anyone now because the prayers were over before anyone realized that they’d occurred.
This helped the average temple attendee, but shorter prayers didn’t save the preachers from harming themselves.  Many preachers woke up and found that they were in a homeless shelter.  The social service officials were just doing their job when they find someone passed out on the street and took them to a shelter.  It could be a vagrant or it could be a preacher.  They didn’t know which one was which.  It was often fine that the preachers woke at the shelters because that was probably where they were most needed anyhow.
At any given time, half of a shelter’s inhabitants were trying to counsel the other half.  I imagined a conversation that might occur at a shelter.
Felty Jacobi, a vagrant, said, “You know, you really need to get your act together.”
“I know,” Sire Benedict, a preacher replied.  He didn’t really.
“How do your people feel about your partaking of spirits?” said the vagrant, acting as if he cared.
“They don’t have a clue.  I hide it very well.  Although, sometimes they wonder why I disappear for long periods of time.”  He rubbed his chin solemnly.
Felty nodded.
“Let me tell you: They know.  They just don’t know how to politely talk to you about it.”
“Oh.  It’s true,” said Sire Benedict bringing his hands up to his face to hide his emotion.
“How bad is it?”
“About six times a day, more on weekends and holidays.”
“Benedict, let us both make a pledge together.”  Felty placed his hand on Benedict’s shoulder.
“We promise to bring the people we love back into our lives and to let them help us grow.”
“Amen.”
Preachers waking in shelters usually asked for special treatment such as being able to make phone calls.  They thought they deserved that, due to the accidental nature of their arrival.  They used to get the favors, but then the vagrants learned that they could say that they were preachers too.  This is why everyone now refered to vagrants as “sires”.
“Sire Jacobi, would you like some bread with your soup?”
“Why, thank you, Sire Brown.”
It was not that easy for preachers to get out of a shelter.  You would think they could show ID, but they usually didn’t carry it after the first time they were mugged while in a trance.  Next, you might think that their garb would reveal that they are priests, but shelters gave identical garb to all of their residents because it was cheap and warm.  It was actually the shelters that adopted the robes before the preachers.  The preachers found themselves in those robes so frequently that they simply adopted it as their attire.  Finally, you might say that a breathalyzer test would be a good way to differentiate between vagrant and preacher, but then you assume that vagrants can’t be sober or vice versa.  So, there sat many preachers at the shelters.  The seminaries kept cranking out the preachers to fill the vacancies at the Temples.
Without warning, President Frost roused.
“. . . asked Joy to get the file.  It just has the yearly premium receipts.  Here, you can look at them yourself.”
Whew.  That was longer than I expected.  I noted to bring along the newspaper if I would have to meet with him again.  His drapes weren’t that interesting and I could only think about vagrants for so long.
I examined the receipts.  They were from our office.  Bobbie had signed the most recent ones.  Before that there were hand-written receipts produced by my predecessor.
The account was number one.  There was no account number one or at least I hadn’t heard of any.  All of our accounts were in the computer and start with the prefix 100-00000.  Bobbie should have realized that we didn’t have an account number one.  How could I approach her about this without hurting her feelings?  I really didn’t want her to cry.  I dealt with too may other people’s problems in this job.  Priests who thought they were vagrants.  Vagrants who thought they were priests.  I just wanted to be a statistician.
Maybe I could say, “Bobbie, you know our system.  Didn’t this seem odd?”
 “I’m sorry.  I just got a stack of envelopes in the mail and went through them as quickly as I could.  It’s my fault for not thinking about what I was doing,” she would say.
“No, it’s my fault.  I should have supervised you more closely,” I would say.
Then I wouldn’t supervise her any more closely than before because what she really needed was to build up confidence through independence.
I’d deal with her later.  At the moment I needed to act quickly or Frost would leave the room in a trance again.
“This might help us clear a few things up.  Next, may I see where the Holy Talisman was taken from?” I said to him.
 “Things are hectic here right now.  Maybe my V.P. can be of assistance,” he replied.  Then loudly towards the door he said, “Angela.”
The woman with the shapely bottom walked in and I could see her front too.  I was mistaken when I thought she was a secretary.  I was being stereotypical, not about women, but about the Order of Preachers.  I was surprised to see that they would hire a female administrator.
We looked right in each other’s eyes as she walked in.  I needed to be careful not to glance down at her body.  She already thought that I was one of “those men”.
“Ms. Wilde,” said the President, “this is Mr. Harris of SRSIG.”
“Hello,” she said holding her hand out to shake.
“Hello.”  We shook and I became lost in her deep, happy eyes.
“Can you please show him around?  He wants to see the reliquary.”
We left his office and stepped into the secretaries’ room.
“These are marvelous drapes.  Where do you pick up something like that?” I said.
“Just a sec.”  She walked over to pull an office door closed.  Her door had her name on it and it also came out through the secretaries’ office.
“Bye, Joy,” she continued as we walked out.
I could see Joy give a wink back to Ms. Wilde.
“Bye,” she said in a playful voice.
“Why?  Are you redecorating?” Ms. Wilde asked.
“No, just interested,” I answered.
“Oh, I see.  I really don’t know where they’re from.”
I needed to be very careful not to misunderstand Ms. Wilde’s intentions.  Her smile a few moments ago could easily have been taken as a flirt.  I’d embarrassed myself before by making too much out of flirts.  A couple years ago, I met a woman at a training seminar.  Donna was very friendly to me, and I was kind to her in return.  The next weekend I took her out for a friendly dinner.  After that, we went out for a friendly ice cream cone.
While eating a dipped cone, I was dumped.  I should have seen it coming.  I expressed my interest in being romantically involved with her.  She told me that she wanted to be “just friends”.  Donna said that she had been friendly at the seminar because she wanted someone to talk to during the boring sessions and long breaks.  She went for ice cream and to dinner with me because she appreciated the friendship that had developed between us.
We kept in contact through occasional phone calls.  I saw her at one other seminar, but she was always busy or headed the other way and didn’t have time to talk with me more than to say, “Hi.  How have you been?”  Then I tried to call her about a year ago.  I found that she had been transferred out of town.  She knew my number if she wanted to talk.  Ms. Wilde was probably not really flirting with me either, but just trying to make the institutional work environment less harsh.
Angela and I left the administration building and walked outside past the news trucks and towards the campus temple.
“What exactly happened to your Talisman?”  I asked thinking back to the interviews.
She slowed her pace.
“We are not sure.  There are rumors going around.  We are glad that you are here to help investigate this tragedy.”  She sounded sincere.
“Are there any witnesses to the relic’s disappearance?”  I had to ask that even though it didn’t make any sense.  If there were witnesses then we’d have leads.  If we had leads, my work wouldn’t have included bottoms and drapes.  I was at least fifty percent happy.
“Not that I’m aware of, but there is a lot going on that we can’t keep track of.  Crowds of people were here to celebrate the feast and sympathetic believers followed the news trucks that showed up and then there were the gawkers.” 
In the background I could hear the Cub News Network reporter ranting on.
“The preachers in the Mother Assembly denomination and other Motherists have prostituted the most holy time of the year.  The Feast of the Sacrifice falls in the same time of the year as the pagan celebration of the vernal equinox.  The early Mother Assembly needed to convert the pagans to Motherism in order to survive, so they copied many of the pagan sun worship rituals.  The pagan ritual of collecting one egg from each type of bird is the model for why the Motherists and many others color chicken eggs to represent each type of beast.  Another similarity that can’t be overlooked is that the High Sire’s hat looks suspiciously like the comb of a rooster.  The pagans wore costumes decorated in chicken feathers during their celebration of . . . .”
I had to laugh at their news report.  That media empire started with a little local, unaffiliated station, WCUB, owned by Evers Murland.  When cable TV became big they created their own unique programming.  They had the top rated daytime self-help show for disgruntled young white males.  Among their episodes that got the most hype were:
How to beat a pain in the neck (a.k.a. your wife).
Proper dosing of GHB.  (Although, my lawyer says I need to tell you that Gamma hydroxybutyrate does not have a safe dosage.)
How to get off a bad rap.
How to tell your soon-to-be ex-girlfriend that you liked her only for her boobs.
How to beat the Breathalyzer.
How to hide gifts for your mistress from your wife.
Reaching your goals through self-enlightenment.
As the network grew, it raked in the profits and then began its own news channel, Cub News Network.  Recently they hadn’t been doing too well.  They might have been over-extended with their newest station.  News networks got the best market share during wars and disasters when everyone tuned in to gawk.  In times of peace, like now, they suffered.  They needed to sensationalize every story to keep the viewers.  This was the reason for the recent nationwide outrage against the past-President picking his nose.  It was easy to not take Cub’s news reports too seriously, unless you needed to know who Elvis fathered this week through an Alien mother.
But, I digress.
I needed to bring myself back to the task at hand which was finding the relic.  I looked around, my favorite technique for focusing either from or toward something.  I had a choice.  I could look at Angela which would probably result in some sort of sexual impropriety on my part, or I could look at the Temple.
The Temple was very beautiful.  It reminded me of the cathedrals in the old countries except it was smaller.  At the moment, it was empty except for a small group of men praying together at the back.    The morning sun shined through the stained glass windows and made patterns of color on the floor and pews.
Without realizing it, I had stood on the shadow of color representing Our Savior’s face.  I stepped to the side.  I meant no disrespect, but images were everywhere.  Where was I supposed to stand?
With surprise, I noticed that the Temple had only one public exit.  It was at the back where we had entered.  That wouldn’t meet fire codes.  I thought of marking that on their property insurance policy, but decided not to.  That was not why I was here.  Angela brought me to the front where an old carved wooden box was sitting on top of the altar.
“Was the Holy Talisman protected in any way?” I asked.
“It was kept in the reliquary,” she replied.
I opened it and looked inside.
“No relic,” I said, glancing up at her.
“No, that would be too easy.”
“There is no lock on the reliquary.  Exactly, how did the reliquary protect it?”
“Well, um, from dust I guess.”
“Oh,” I said nodding my head as if trying to appreciate what she had said.
“I guess if the lid was closed it would also protect it from bird droppings.”
“But there are no birds in the Temple,” she said.
 She appeared bright, so I didn’t know how to take that.
“Yes, so it was very well protected against bird droppings then.”
Angela looked at me out of the corner of her eye as if trying to assess whether I was joking or a lunatic.  Both were real possibilities.  I was not sure which one I would have told her to believe.
“Yes, I guess so.  It would be protected from birds except when it was on the altar during assemblies and healing rites.”  
Logical in an aviary, but this was not an animal shelter except perhaps for human animals.
“Maybe you should tell me more about the relic.”
“Well,” she said slowly, making a point, “we have on our campus the foremost expert on the Holy Talisman.  It would be best to hear it from him.”
We were finished in the Temple because we had resolved that the Holy Talisman probably hadn’t been removed to clean off bird droppings.  That was a very useful conclusion.  You had to start somewhere in these cases, then begin eliminating the possibilities.  I made a mental note:  Birds are above suspicion.


* * * * *


Chapter 4

In a place far from Neal Harris and long before his troubles, there were two merchants on the road to Ithicas.
“Nice weather.  It’s rather warm,” the first merchant said.
“Yes, except on cool evenings such as this,” the second said.
The first said, “It has sort of a warmishness to the coolness though.”
They overheard a woman.
“What will he think?  I can’t believe I’ve lost it.  I shouldn’t have trusted the clasp.”  She was crawling along the ground.
“What’s she doing?” the second merchant asked.
“She must be on a pilgrimage,” replied the first.
“Really?”
“Yes, notice the gaudy clothes and the humiliating prostrate pose.”
“Oh.”  He paused for a moment.
“But she isn’t a very good pilgrim.  Isn’t she supposed to kiss the ground and say ‘Praise to God, most high creator’ before each pace?”
He nodded.
“Well, some people can never seem to get it quite right.  She is wasting her effort if she can’t get it right.”
“Why?”
“God gave us the Laws because he wants us to obey him,” he explained.
“But she is showing great humility.  That should count for something,” he argued.
“God gives us the Laws in order to protect us,” he reasoned.
“How so?”
“When God requires that the right testicle of each newborn male be severed off, he does it out of love for the parents.  Normally, a young man’s thoughts would only be of holding hands with young maidens, but with his right testicle gone, his only thoughts are to give love to his parents and how to provide for them in their old age.   It’s a sacred ritual.”
“And what of the son’s interests?”
“He wasn’t conceived for his interests, but for the parents’,” he justified.
“I suppose you’re right.”
“Of course.”
They proceeded down the path for a distance.
“Do you think that the Groths will win the pennant?” the second merchant whitewashed.
“Yes, unless they lose.”
“Undoubtedly,” he concluded.


* * * * *


Chapter 5

Our next stop was a building newer than the others and contained offices and classrooms.  It was properly marked with fire exits.  As we walked down a hall and passed several office doors, I turned my neck to look at the building.  Nothing out of the ordinary stood out to me.  I supposed one office looked like another if all the people inside were basically the same, doing the same job, arriving at the same time, leaving at the same time, thinking the same thoughts at the same time.  What would be the point of deviating from the norm?  Think of the chaos that would ensue.  First, suppose someone arrived one minute before everyone else.  Then, that same person had a bagel instead of a doughnut.  Next, the maverick used an alternative pen, one not approved by the national government. We needed them to protect us by deciding if it were a regulation pen or a deviant pen that needed silencing before it infiltrated the entire system, seduced, and impregnated unwilling female pens with its unconventional ways.  As a result, all thinking would have to be changed or stopped entirely.  Probably stopped, now that I thought about it.
Angela dropped the bombshell.
“I’m afraid you may be disappointed here.  His office has no drapes.”
“Huh?” I said.
“He just has window blinds.”
“Oh.”
We entered an office and the expert arose.
“Angela.”  He gave her a little hug and a pat on the back.  He was facing me.  I could see that he was smiling.  They were probably a couple of the intimate variety.
At first, that annoyed me, but then I thought that it was good that she had a boyfriend.  If she were available, then I’d just get uptight.  I would worry about trying to impress her with everything that I said.  Then, I would hang on every word she said until I was ultimately let down.  Now, I could be more at ease around her knowing for sure that she wouldn’t be interested in me.
They backed away from the hug.
“Cornelius, this is Neal Harris of SRSIG,” Angela said.  Then, she looked at me and said, “This is Professor D’Verbose.  He will be able to answer your questions about the Holy Talisman.”
There was a young man in the office who had remained seated during the introductions.  I glanced at him to try to make eye contact, but no one seemed interested in introducing us.  I didn’t like that.  Wasn’t I good enough to be introduced?  Was I just there as an insurance hack?
I shook off my insecurities and looked around making a mental note to get a different distraction than looking at interior design and decorating schemes whenever I became bored.  The office was just big enough for a desk and chairs for the four of us.  The professor had photographs of historic buildings and ruins from the Holy Land on his wall.  He wasn’t a good photographer.  I could see his thumb in most of the pictures.  Either that or a building that looked like a thumb.
“It’s a tragedy.  What would you like to know?” said the Professor.
He gestured for us to sit and we did so.  I was uncomfortable and wanted to do something else, but I usually wanted to do something else.
“What exactly is the Holy Talisman?” I began from the beginning, my favorite ploy when investigating any insurance claim.  I used to begin at the end, hoping to get the file closed early, but usually someone asked me something about the beginning and then I had to reopen the file and start again.  Now, I went straight for the beginning.  That was what was so great about my profession.  Even someone with no attention span and no skill set could rise to the top.
“It’s an inviolate relic from the epoch of our redeemer to which the fast ascribe sanative capacity.”  The Professor looked deeply into my eyes when he said that, apparently, to be sure I understood the seriousness of the matter.
“Huh?” I responded.  I didn’t have any idea what he was talking about, but I didn’t want to let on that I was in the dark about his comment.
“‘Huh’, what?” He leaned forward, making sure I didn’t get away.
“What did you say?” I asked.
“I said it’s an invio. . . .”
 “It’s old and it heals people,” Angela interrupted.
The Professor nodded.
“Most certainly,” the young anonymous man said.
I looked at the man briefly.  He wore nondescript clothes and had a forgettable face.  His presence could have been his absence.  His hair was brown, I think.  I couldn’t see his eyes because he had them closed, obviously wanting to appear in deep thought.  It occurred to me he might have been sleeping or in a trance.  Anything was possible with someone with that color hair.
 “Thanks,” I said to Angela.
“What I really meant was what is it made from?” I continued, speaking to the Professor.
 “That’s not germane to the fact to whom its pecuniary worth is a trifle contrasted with its sanatory potential,” the Professor replied.
The anonymous man nodded and grunted as the Professor spoke.  He was beginning to get on my nerves.  If he could be asleep during the meeting, why couldn’t I?  What gave him the privilege?  People with a sense of entitlement got on my nerves.
“Huh?” I said.
“‘Huh’, what?”
“What he means is that its material is irrelevant to the faithful,” Angela interrupted.
I couldn’t let that go.
“I need to know what it’s made from to decide what sort of award to make on the claim.”
“That’s impetuous.  Its value is not correlative to its alchemy.”
“Huh?” I said.
“We are not going though that again,” the Professor said.
The anonymous man snickered.
Angela scooted her chair close to mine.
“It’s priceless,” she added.
“Thanks,” I said.
“No one knows exactly what the policy covers, since no one can find a copy of it, but it may only cover materials.”
“Oh, well then,” said D’Verbose.
“Its base is gold, and it is inset with an assortment of jewels such as onyx, rubies and diamonds.”
“He says, ‘Its base metal is gold . . . ,” Angela whispered in my ear.
I rolled my eyes at her.
“Wow.  That would be a fine piece,” I said.
“Yes, it would be,” said Angela.
“Here.  I have a photo,” D’Verbose said.
It looked to be quite valuable on today’s market.  The gems seemed to have an exceptional clarity.  It was worth stealing for the resale of the materials.  Its value would go beyond just its religious uses.
It was going to be a task, checking everyone who had access to the talisman, checking their whereabouts and financial health.  I wondered if I could just leave this all to the police.  This was not going to be like finding keys that have slipped under the couch cushions.  I was feeling overwhelmed.  What’s the minimum I could do to just keep up the appearance of concern?  I supposed I could talk to a couple more people, then declare a value for the claim.
D’Verbose spoke, “Yes, as you said, ‘It would be a fine piece.’  Imagine the squalor of the first century A.R.  Strumpets were not much better off than most of the rest of them.  They fell near the bottom of the social scale somewhere between lepers and insurance salesmen.”
“Excuse me!” I said.
“What? Oh, sorry.”
“Forgiven,” I said.
“No, I meant that I’m sorry you’re an insurance salesman.”
Angela giggled and I wasn’t sure what to say next.  Insurance can be rewarding for someone who loves statistics, negotiating with people who always think they are paying too much and for someone who doesn’t mind being a best friend of undertakers.
“Anyhow, a piece such as this is well beyond the earning power of a strumpet,” the Professor said.  D’Verbose seemed more relaxed now that he had put me in my place.
“Wars have been fought over less significant artifacts.”
“Huh?” Angela said.
I smiled.
“That’s my line,” I said.
“You can’t be saying that it’s a fake,” she returned.
“No, just the opposite,” D’Verbose said. “It should be obvious to you that the Holy Talisman is itself a miracle of God.  It is the High Sire’s position that when Our Savior blessed it and bestowed it with healing powers the metals and minerals were transmutated into something perfect.”
“Undeniably,” said the anonymous man.
I couldn’t take it anymore.  Who was this guy? 
“Excuse me, have we met?”  I turned to him and asked.
“This is one of my brightest students, Mr. Lesser.”  D’Verbose answered for him.
“Glad to meet you,” I said.
“Likewise,” Mr. Lesser said.
D’Verbose continued.
“Therefore, the material of the Holy Talisman is just a manifestation of the Savior’s blessing.  If the blessing were ever abused and invalidated then you would only have banality.  It could disintegrate.”
Great.  I was back to square one.  I didn’t even know what I was looking for or whether I’d found it when I’d found it.  It could have been a pile of dust now.
If I found it, I could bring in the janitor with a dustpan to collect it.  I would have to warn her, “Be careful not to sneeze and most certainly don’t inhale it.  I’m not sure that you have been appropriately cleansed to carry the Talisman around inside of you.”
“Is this the pile of dust?”  she would say.
“No, that is just dead skin, hair, and fluff.”  I would say.
“Is this the dust?”
“Yes, that is what represents our Savior’s blessing upon us.”
I winced at my own satire.  I had to start thinking more seriously about this or I could lose my job and become an insurance salesman.
Angela derailed my train of thought.
“Cornelius, I’m curious.  How did such an important relic come to be at the Seminary?”
“That’s a very intriguing story that begins one hundred years ago.  The Talisman was on a world tour making stops at temples, mostly.  Each week it was supposed to be sent to a new temple.  After coming here, it was supposed to be sent to the Temple of San Ficano via rail.
“While the relic was here, San Ficano suffered its infamous earthquake.  The Temple of San Ficano was destroyed.  Rather then rebuilding the Temple, the congregants simply merged with the neighboring temples.”
I nodded, relatively interested.
“But why couldn’t the Talisman simply be sent to the other temples?”
“That’s easy to answer.  The instructions from the Sacred Recluse Antiquities Museum were very explicit.  The relic was to be sent only to the Temple of San Ficano and nowhere else.  Besides, the neighboring temples may have already had the relic earlier in the tour.  It wouldn’t be fair to give them a second look.  On top of that, there are no longer any rail lines going from here to San Ficano.  No. The instructions were impossible to follow.”
“Why didn’t the Antiquities Museum just issue new instructions?”  Probably because that would be too simple.
“They have tried several times.  However, it was agreed in advance that all communications relevant to the relic would have a certain password in the letter.  Otherwise the communication could be a forgery.”
“That makes sense.”  I agreed.
“Yes.  Well unfortunately, the director of the Antiquities Museum was to meet the relic at the Temple of San Ficano.  He was in the Temple on the day of the earthquake and suffered an untimely fate.
“None of his subordinates knew the password, so here stays the relic.”  He frowned for a moment then amended himself, “Here stayed the relic.”
Everyone sat contemplating the loss for a few moments.
“Mr. Lesser, do you have anything to add?” The Professor said.
“Just that I agree with you completely,” the student replied, thereby showing his originality and need to think outside the Temple.
“See?  What did I tell you about him?  He’s going places.”  He had such pride in his voice, it almost seemed as if he meant it.
I stood to leave his office.
“Thanks, you’ve been a great help.” I crossed my fingers as I said it.  Couldn’t hurt.
He said, “His will be done” as Angela and I left.
“Will.”  Angela and I replied.
I assumed D’Verbose meant it as a blessing.  He wasn’t in a preacher’s garb and so I thought he was a non-ordained employee of the Mother Assembly such as myself.  It struck me as a very archaic way to give a blessing.  Everyone just says, “Will.”
On the way down the hall, I asked Angela if there had been much employee turnover at the Seminary.  She said she thought so.  I asked if anyone had come here from the H.R. Antiquities Museum or from temples around San Ficano.  She stopped and looked at me.  Obviously sensing the intent of the question she said, “No, definitely not.”

Angela and I walked past the news trucks again as we headed towards her office.  The Cub reporter was unoccupied.  Most of the activity had settled down around the lunch hour and the crowd was mostly out scavenging for food.
The reporter approached us.
“You’re obviously someone of importance.  I can tell from your countenance.  What do you think of all that’s happened here?” he asked me.  He was typical for a journalist with small suspicious eyes and a large talkative mouth.
“It’s a tragedy,” I said, reinforcing the obvious, not wanting to give anything away to a reporter who would scream it all over the news without substantiating any facts, thereby creating havoc both in and out of the Temple community.
“Do you think that anyone here at Elliot Seminary worships Chuck, The Lord of Plagues?” he asked with a sly grin.
“Probably,” I said.  There were a lot of people around.  The actuary in me said the odds were good that someone practiced the rites.
“How do you know?” asked the reporter.  “Do you worship Chuck?”
“Well, if you look at my great wealth it is obvious who I worship,” I said trying to sound sarcastic.  It was a common fable that the minions of Chuck were rewarded with golden eggs.  I was certain that Angela must have understood my sarcasm because as an employee of the Mother Assembly she knows we do not hold our jobs in order to get rich.
The questions grew more pointless, yet the Cub asked the questions with an increasing urgency to give weight to his lack of understanding of the situation.
A few moments later, after he was finished, we walked onward.  I turned to ask Angela what she thought of him and saw a serious look on her face.  She couldn’t be worried about our impromptu interview, could she?  I felt the need to reassure her along with a few other needs I won’t bother to mention because they were obvious.
“It’s just Cub.  Nobody takes them seriously.”
“They have a lot of listeners,” she said, biting her nails.  The gesture went straight to my imagination.  Nail biters.  There was something blatantly sexual about them.  Nails were on fingers.  Fingers were on hands and hands were always the most exciting part of the body.
“That’s all the more reason to tickle their ribs.”  
“As long as they feel it is a tickle rather than a jab.” Angela said.
I was getting a little unsettled by her and I tried not to show it.  They do have a lot of listeners, but they were mostly Simpletons.  The Simplification Movement wasn’t really an organized movement.  It was more of an ideological shift by a large number of believers.  There were quite a few Simpletons among the Mother Assembly denomination, but the High Sire had never recognized their movement as an order or organization.  However, some other denominations were founded on the principles of the Simplification Movement.
Simpletons flocked to the movement because they sought shelter from the complexities of life.  The primary principle and really the only principle of the movement was that there was one simple absolute right and one wrong.  There were no exceptions to this principle because exceptions would make things too hard to understand.  Yet, exceptions occurred and were ignored until someone profited from acknowledging them.
For example, one of the basic tenants of right and wrong is that all things are either good or bad.  Children are good because they haven’t had time to become bad.  Adults are bad because they’re no longer children.  Okay, what about people who forget to grow up, but age anyway, for example politicians and bassists?  Are they good or bad?  If they’re bad, what should be done about them?  
The answer is simple.  They can be ignored by right of executive privilege, or they can be punished.  What kind of punishment?  Nothing too severe because that would impede their civil liberties, no matter how many dismembered bodies were found on their farm.
How about a punishment that would not be cruel, but would achieve the desired end?
For example, the penalty given by the civil courts to the worst criminals was death by lethal tickles.  The temple teachings from our Holy Book told us in Old Fogie 17:10, “Thou shalt not tickle,” but the Simpletons seem to be the first ones to yell “tickle him” at the trials.  They didn’t see this as a contradiction because the Holy Book also tells us in Depression 4:12, “A day will come when the four lollypops of the apocalypse will descend upon the earth.  The people who have followed the Lord will be rewarded with good suck and those who have done ill will have to eat bran flakes.”
“Cub has been the most aggressive on this story,” Angela said.  “Their truck was here only an hour or so after the Talisman was discovered to be missing.  They beat everyone with a scoop on the late evening news.  We hadn’t even decided to make an announcement yet.” 


* * * * *


Chapter 6

“Opal, you need to type in the point zero zero for $125.00,” Ted said.
“No, Ted.  The computer will put that part in,” said Opal with a yawn.
“How will it know how much?  I will get stuck later when it is totaling the accounts.  They won’t balance.  Just do it.”  He sounded impatient, but firm.
“Ted, let me worry about it.”  She sounded exasperated, but firm.
“Well, do it just in case,” Ted huffily said.
Resigned, Opal said, “Okay,” but it was obvious she didn’t like doing it.  She never wanted to bother with meaningless tasks.  Making things work was beneath her dignity.  She had better things to do.
Ted had been around since before computers and hadn’t adapted to their use.  Since all of our work was now on the computer, he just stood around stewing and telling Opal how to do his work for him.  That worked very well with his family and any given number of his wives and romantic entanglements.  “Just handle it,” he’d tell them and then turn back to his television set.  They handled it pretty well.  He didn’t have much left, but he knows the cable lineup backwards and forwards.
“Now with this one you have to type $168.10 with the ten cents.  You can’t just type the point one.  It will think it’s one cent,” he told her.
“Okay,” said Opal.  It was difficult for her to work with him hovering over her.  Ted told her what to do.  When something was wrong, she usually didn’t try to correct him.  Instead, she waited until he was not looking to change his errors, thereby sparing him his feelings and her an argument.  However, sometimes she felt frustrated and couldn’t withhold from speaking about it.  That always led to the argument she wanted to avoid in the first place.  It was very hard for her to hold her tongue and it was hard for him to let his secretary tell him what to do because it reminded him of his former wives and romantic liaisons.
One time, she told him to change the decimal point whenever he multiplied by ten in order to save time.  He refused.  He told her that was a short cut and he never took short cuts, except when he was late for Dr. Shill, his favorite TV show.
She must have heard me rustling around in my office.
“How did it go?” she shouted.
When she yelled to me, I could either yell back “fine” and hope that it’s enough to end it or I could drop everything and go chat with her for half an hour.  The SRSIG offices were small and there was nowhere to hide.  We occupied the first floor of a mostly empty building.  The SRSIG owned the building and tried to rent the other offices, but there were few businesses interested.  We sometimes used the other offices to store our junk.  I didn’t have any excuses to go hide in one of those offices.  I got off lightly on the phone call this morning and I needed to know more about policy number one, so I walked into Ted’s office.
“What did you find out?” she asked.
“Not much, . . .” I said.
“Is their claim valid?” she said before I could elaborate.
“Well, they apparently have a policy.”  I paused to gather my thoughts.
“How much are we in for?” she said.
“Could be quite a bit.  It depends on the terms of the policy.”  I spoke quickly, trying to get past having to say more.
“Did they have a copy of the policy?” Like a bulldog, she never let go.
“No.  Would we have kept copies of the original?” I asked, stalling, knowing the answer.
“Everything is scanned into the computer now,” she said.
Ted got up, scratched his head and wandered off without saying anything.  Opal followed him with her eyes and then looked at me and shrugged.
“It has been a battle to throw things out,” she said in a hushed voice in case Ted should happen to walk back in again.
“Ted has always wanted to keep everything.  We had boxes full of old checking deposit slips for accounts no longer open, account ledgers, receipts, bank statements and correspondences from 1968.  If I threw anything out, he would bring it back in.  In the past, I had fantasies of spiriting trash home so I could throw it away.
“Finally, I got him to at least agree to the principle of throwing some things away, but he said that we would have to go through it page by page.  I asked if he really meant ‘page by page’ and he said ‘yes’.
“We started going through it.  I stayed late a few days, just to try to get it over.  As we went through the files, he felt we should discuss each paper.  He would always come up with some reason to keep it.  Then something he saw would remind him of ten more things that he had to go check to make sure he had done.
“The first evening I thought, ‘Okay, we are just getting warmed up.  It will speed up.’  The second evening I thought, ‘Okay, now most everything has gone wrong that can possibly go wrong.  It has to speed up tomorrow.’  Then, after the third night, I made some excuses not to continue.  You were on field assignments every day back then, so you probably don’t remember anything about this.
“Then, a couple of years ago, I was inspired.  I unplugged the copier and told everyone it was broken.  I sent Bobbie off with a stack of papers to copy and I kept reminding Ted how much Bobbie hates driving in downtown traffic.  He really dotes on her, so he drove her.  The boxes disappeared and were never missed.  I had planned to blame it on the cleaners.  Neal, the answer to your question is ‘No.’  Anything that we might have had is long gone.”
Okay, maybe I hadn’t known the entire answer, but somehow I knew it wasn’t going to be easy.  Nothing, with this bunch, ever was.
I went back to my office and wondered how I could very delicately ask Bobbie about our mysterious account number one.  I hadn’t seen her on the way in and I didn’t hear anything that sounded like her noises.
Although she was attractive and available, Bobbie and I had no romantic interest in one another.  The first day I joined SRSIG, I noticed that she brought her lunch and ate at her desk, so the second day I brought mine and sat with her.
We were in that “getting to know you” stage where no topics of discussions were off limits.  She laughed when she heard that I had paid my way through college by taking exams for other students.
“I can’t believe you could get away with that.”
 “To make fake ID’s, all you really need is a good laminator.  The teacher’s assistants giving the exams had no suspicions that I didn’t belong.  They didn’t recognize me, but that’s not odd because a majority of the students didn’t go to class anyhow.  It was pretty easy.  The professors used the same exams over and over,” I said.
“Shame on you,” she said with a mischievous smile.
“There was quite a demand.  I could only accept twenty clients, because there are only so many hours in the day for taking tests.”
Then it was her turn to tell a revealing story.
“I should warn you.  When I become infatuated with a guy, I don’t stop.  He may not even know that I’m infatuated with him.”
“Why not?”
“I’m usually too shy to do anything about it.  I might just follow him around for a few days and hope that he notices me.”  I smiled at Bobbie.  I had some pleasant thoughts go through my head about whether someone would want to follow me around.
I noticed that when Bobbie got out her lunch she unwrapped her sandwich from a bread bag.  The end of the bag was just folded over the sandwich.  She put the uneaten portion back in the bag the same way.  I offered her the twist tie that had held my lunch together since I had finished with it.
“Here, this will keep it fresh.”
“Oh, I never use those.”  
That is when I got the first suspicion that there would never be anything between us.
“How do you keep it fresh?” I asked.
“I only fold it over.  It won’t dry out that much.  I’ll finish it later anyhow.”
“Okay.”
“Even things like frozen vegetables, I just twist the corner of the bag.”
Neatness was a priority in my house and my freezer was packed.  If I didn’t seal food properly, when I tried to get something out, the food would go everywhere.
“Wow.  I can’t imagine living in a house where everything wasn’t sealed,” I said.
“And I can’t imagine putting twist ties on everything,” she said.
There could never be anything between us.  You have to draw the line somewhere.

I got up and went to the reception desk.  There was a note saying, “I’m out on a long lunch with Pat.”
I remember the only time that I’d met Bobbie’s friend, Patience.  They had just gotten back from lunch.  Pat spoke as if she were doing baby talk or explaining something to a small child.  Every other syllable would be accented high then low.
“How DO you DO, Mr. Harris?”
I felt somehow compelled to answer all of her questions with great surprise.  “Wonderful.  That’s very considerate of you to ask, and how are you?”
“I can’t COMplain,” she said.
“That’s wonderful,” I said.
Something never seemed quite right with her.  In her own words, related to me via Bobbie, Pat said, “I’m NOT stuPID.  I CAN put ONE and ONE toGETHer.”  Did she mean: “I know one plus one is two?”
I got the impression from Bobbie that Pat might have some minor handicap.  She said that Pat isn’t allowed to drive and still lived with her parents.  I was too polite to ask for details.  That explained why Bobbie drove her everywhere and why Pat talked oddly.  She may have always been the special child who was talked to like a baby.  She thought that was the way everyone was supposed to talk.
I went back to my office to try to make sense of account number one.  I wondered how the accounts could possibly balance if the premium checks were received and deposited, but couldn’t be entered into the computer ledger.  Maybe Ted was right.  All of those missed pennies add up and exactly cancel with the suspicious checks.
One possibility could have been that the checks were never deposited, but I couldn’t believe that Bobbie could lose that check and only that check every year.  I also didn’t want to believe she could have realized that checks coming to a nonexistent account would be an easy way to pocket the cash.  Her chauffeuring of Pat was one example of how she was not motivated by money.
I ran a search through the database for all money deposited on the days shown on the receipts that President Frost showed me.  The entries were there under account number 100-00001.  This was the account for the High Sire’s Sacred Recluse and it was the first real account.
Did Bobbie just assume that the deposits were for that account?  She didn’t seem to be that dense.  I tried to create a dummy entry for account one.  It was a false deposit for today.  It automatically credited it to account 100-00001.  I tried making an entry for account two then one hundred and twenty two.  The program automatically rounded those account numbers up, too.  It was a flaw in the programming which could be easily fixed.
I was feeling relieved that my suspicions were unfounded.  I didn’t like the idea of not trusting Bobbie.  I had another thought.  If the deposits were under 100-00001, then would the digitized policy be there, too?  No, there was only one field for policy info and it was used properly for the High Sire’s residence.
That explained how we could have lost the information.  When all the files were converted, someone may have simply overlooked assigning a new prefix to that account.  All of the Talisman’s information was digitized and put into the first valid account.  Then when the Sacred Recluse’s policy was entered it overwrote it.
A characteristic sound of someone tramping into the office and slamming her purse down jolted me.  Bobbie had come back from lunch.  Something was different today.   That slam was a little harder, but typical for her after seeing Patience.
I felt a need to see her to reestablish my image of her as a compassionate saint rather than an embezzler.  I went out to her desk.  Bobbie looked up, saw me, and then gave an over-acted sound of frustration.
“Uggh,” she sighed while making strangulation motions with her hands.
“We went to Baker’s Steak House, although she calls it BAKer’s BUG, because I once found a bug in my salad there,” she said.
Bobbie looked up again as if trying to assess whether I would be willing to put up with her venting.  Her stories could be quite long.  I didn’t budge.  She deserved it and my listening would relieve the guilt I felt about having suspicions about her.
Bobbie told her story without interruption from me.  She told me everything that Pat and the waitress said to each other.
“Pat is always scheming to get something free.  When the waitress came for the orders, Pat said, ‘I would LIKE the deLUX burgER, but THAT comes WITH swiss CHEESE.  Can I Have IT with CHEDdar?’
“‘Okay,’ said the waitress.
“‘It has Dijon mustard.  I want Mayo,’ said Pat.
“‘Okay.’
“‘It also comes with onions,’ Pat said.  ‘They give me gas unless you chop them up and grill them.’
“‘Okay.’
“‘And please no Tomato unless you have Pasta sauce that you can put on top like when my dad makes it.’
“The waitress said, ‘So does that mean you would like our onion-cheddar burger?’
“‘No,’ said Pat.  ‘It doesn’t come with soup.’ 
“After we were finished, the waitress came back out again and asked, ‘How was everything?’
“Pat said, ‘It was unsatisfactory.’
“‘What part?’
“‘The soup was cold and looked too brown.’
“It was minestrone.  It’s supposed to be brown.  Then the waitress said, ‘Would you like to try the clam chowder instead?’  Pat agreed and the waitress brought it out.  I was thinking, ‘Pat, you are always trying to lose weight.  You don’t need another soup.’  
“After Pat had nearly finished the second soup the waitress came back out and said, ‘How was that soup?’
“Pat said, ‘It wasn’t too good.’
“‘Why?’
“‘Well, it doesn’t taste like what you get at the Garden Spot.’
“‘This is a steak house.  Steaks and burgers are our specialty.  The soup is just something that’s supposed to go on the side with your meal.’
“‘I would like a refund on the meal.’
“‘I can’t do that,’ said the waitress.
“Then the manager came out and said, ‘What seems to be the problem?’
“‘I’d like a refund.  This has just been a huge inconvenience.  What if there had been glass in my soup?  I could have choked and died.  Would you have refunded that money then?’
“This is just so typical of her.  She complains and complains until she gets something free.  She always gets her way in the end.  The manager refunded her meal.  It’s so embarrassing to me.  I don’t know why I put up with it.” 


* * * * *


Chapter 7

In a place far from Neal Harris and quite a while before his troubles, there was an adolescent girl, Chastity LaGullible, playing on the road outside her mother’s hut.  The glint of metal caught her eye.  In the dust of the road, she found a trinket on a short chain.
“The metal could be bronze or pewter,” she thought.  She didn’t know much about metals.  “The trinket looks like a bug or something.  That makes it kind of gross.  I wish it were something prettier like a swan or something like that.  But it is still probably worth some money even though it is a bug.”
Chastity held it up to her neck, then wrist, then ear.  “Mom will be so proud of me for finding this.  Oh, but maybe she will take it away and sell it.  Mom would say, ‘You can’t eat jewelry.’  Before I show her this I’m going to pretend I’m a princess and march around with it so everyone can see.”
Chastity thought that her friends would have been the most impressed by the trinket.  Her friends were impressed, but the grownups seemed to have even more interest.  The men watched her walk by and for the first time they really paid attention to her.  They didn’t discount her as one of the children.  Several of the men gave her a knowing smile.
The women were interested, too.  They seemed to leer at her though.  They seemed to leer even more when she walked past their husbands.  Chastity couldn’t understand that part.  Maybe they were jealous that a little girl could have better jewelry than they did.  Maybe one of them would recognize that it was her trinket and come to demand it back.  Chastity thought that maybe it was time to go inside.
A well-dressed man that Chastity didn’t recognize followed her to her door.  He had been traveling by on the road.  Her mother greeted the suitor at the door.
“I’ve come to inquire about your daughter’s hand,” he said.
“Well,” thought the woman, “I knew the day would be coming when my daughter would be married.  She seems young for it, but an early suitor is even more of a compliment about her beauty.”
“What price is fair?  How is one Drachma?” the man asked.
“He’s paying her a great compliment,” thought the mother.  “Most girls’ families have to pay up to twenty Drachmas in dowries to unload their daughters.  Women are such trouble to keep.  He must really desire her to let me pay him only one Drachma.  Although, he looks well off if you look at his clothes.  There are hardly any holes in his shoes.  Those who are well off can afford to marry just for beauty.”  
“She is very beautiful isn’t she?” the woman said.
“Okay, two Drachmas,” the man said.
That confused the woman.  Two Drachmas was still very reasonable, but why should her pointing out her daughter’s beauty raise the dowry?  It should lower it.  Maybe he’s having second thoughts.
“Does she have a Bandore?” the man asked.
“No, why?” replied the woman.
“It’s tradition that she should entice me while playing it as we negotiate.”
“Oh.  I’ve never heard of that one before,” said the woman, but she thought she understood.  Seeing a young woman play the Bandore would draw attention to her hands and make men think of hand-holding.  She thought it must be a tradition with the well off.
“She has such divinely delicate hands,” said the man.
“Yes,” said the woman.  “Please tell me what work you do.”
“Um. . . . I own a stable.  Why do you want to know that?”
“I’d like to see that you are in a respectable trade.”
“That’s an odd requirement.  Most don’t care,” said the man.
“Most who?” said the woman.
“Most strumpets,” the man said with a smirk.
“You insult us,” the woman said with a raised voice.  “We are not strumpets.  Why do you call her that?”
“She wears the sign on her wrist.”
The mother looked closely at her daughter for the first time since she came in.  The mother grabbed the trinket and flung it from her window.  Then she yelled at the man.
“Get out!”
As he exited he saw a small crowd of men gathered.  The other men had questioning looks on their faces.  That was too quick for a satisfying handhold.  Maybe the mother was asking too much money.
The stable owner stood in front of the crowd of men.
“A strumpet with morals,” he said.  The men broke into laughter.  A strumpet with morals is a paradox.
Behind them a crawling woman passed them.  She fretfully searched the ground.


* * * * *


Chapter 8

Ms. Wilde had called to say she arranged for me to meet with a representative from one of the orders spreading rumors about how the Holy Talisman disappeared.  Warning signs were going off in my mind about something familiar I should have known about in the first place.  I tried to number the events as they occurred in the disappearance, but since I didn’t know any of them, I had to give up that path of reasoning.  Something was missing besides the Talisman, something important, something right in front of my face.  Since the numbering didn’t work, I tried stream of consciousness, letting whatever thoughts I had come and go—Holy Talisman, drapes, bottoms, Opal.  Nothing, no clues there.
I was now driving back to the seminary.  I normally didn’t listen to the radio news, but I told myself I wanted to hear how the story was being covered.  I thought I secretly had a desire to join the gawkers and participate in the spectacle of the events.
I turned on the local radio affiliate of the Cub News Network and was very surprised to hear my own voice.
“Look at my great wealth.  It’s obvious who I worship,” the voice said.
“You heard it here first.  An official with the Sacred Recluse has admitted that he worships the Dark One.  This may be the first public admission by an Assemblic that confirms our long-held suspicion that Assemblics actually perform unholy rites,” the reporter said.
“We have with us here today an expert on the Mother Assembly.  Mr. Dan Glen Snott, please tell us about your expertise on Assemblics.” 
“Well, Arthur first of all I grew up as an Assemblic.  It was at Cliff Notes Biblical College where I became a true believer,” Mr. Snott said.
“Praise Ralph.”
“Yes, Praise Ralph.  My friends at Cliff Notes persisted in showing me the error of my ways.  I can’t thank my friends for opening my eyes and showing me the true teachings of Ralph.”
“Praise Ralph.”
“Praise Ralph.  My friends showed me that I must be born again.  Born of coffee and not tea so that all of my sins would be caffeinated away.”
“Praise Ralph.”
“Praise Ralph.  I completed their two-year program in pseudo-science and I also graduated with honors in their historical reinterpretation program.  Now, I am on an internship as a media consultant with United We Win.”
“Wonderful, Mr. Snott.  Now what can you tell us about what this all means for the Mother Assembly?”
“Well, Arthur, this is a very revealing day.  Mr. Harris, the self-admitted worshipper of Chuck, is a fairly important official within the Sacred Recluse.  He is the junior representative of the Sacred Recluse Self Insurance Group—Pompeii Branch office.  He reports directly to the head of the office there, Theodore Duffy, who reports to the North-West Regional Coordinator for SRSIG, who reports to the West Hemispheric SRSIG Chief, who reports to the Consular for SRSIG in the Sacred Recluse itself, who reports to the Chief of Business Operations for the Sacred Recluse, who reports to the High Sire himself, Helvetica IX.  There are only seven people between Mr. Harris and his becoming the High Sire himself.” 
I thought that I actually did more reporting to Opal than Ted if I had any choice in the matter.
“Hmm.  That’s quite troubling,” said the reporter.
“Yes.  It shows the depth of the problem, but that’s not all.  The SRSIG, as you may or may not know, sells insurance.  Insurance is an abomination to our Savior.”
“Praise Ralph.”
“Yes, Praise Ralph.  It was Ralph who upset the annuity vendors’ carts outside of the Temple of Judgment.  It is an abomination to seek compensation from insurance for events that God has willed to happen.  You cannot hedge your bets against God’s will.  It is inconceivable that the annuity vendors would want gain from other’s tragedies.”
“What can be done about it?” asked the reporter, leading him to the obvious conclusion.
“Mr. Harris should immediately resign.  If he won’t resign, then we ask that our simpleton Assemblic friends ask the Sacred Recluse to remove him.  Though they are in error from staying in the Mother Assembly they may be able to help.
“He is in a position of power.  He is setting a bad example.  If he stays he will corrupt everyone.  He will turn your Temple schools into chicken coops that worship Chuck.  He will turn your children away from you.  They will peck at your eyeballs while you are asleep and eat your karma.  Then the armies of chicks will march against the rest of us.”
“Ralph forbid,” said the reporter.
At first I felt humored that they would put me on-air.  Then I felt concerned at the excessiveness of their attack.  I was not worried for my job.  The Mother Assembly is very bureaucratic.  Once someone is hired, it is nearly impossible to fire him or her.  Most Assemblics look on the Simpletons’ rantings with a critical eye, so the news report likely missed its target.
I hoped.


* * * * *


Chapter 9

I avoided the crowds and headed straight to my meeting.  Angela said it was one of the groups saying that the hand of God took the Holy Talisman.  I use the term “saying” loosely here.  This group is known as the Clickers.  This is because they only communicate through clicks of the tongue.  I will tell you more about why they do it later.
I once stayed with the Clickers at their sanctum to set up a fee schedule.  It was imperative to follow the traditions of the believers when visiting them so as not to offend them.  It was pointless to go there without knowing how to Click because otherwise we couldn’t communicate.  If I couldn’t Click, it would be offensive to them, so I taught myself the rudiments of the language.  It was not nearly as efficient as Morse Code.  With that, by using as little as three dashes or dots you could tap any letter.  No, how could you click a dash?  It’s not possible.  It had to all be a series of dots where “A” was one click and “Z” was twenty-six clicks.
The digits of numbers were also clicked out.  One click was the number one and so forth.  This can be rather confusing as one click could mean “A” or “1”.  It depends on the context of the statement.  It is entirely wasteful to spell out the word “one” when you could do one click instead.
This confusion led to the Great Rejuvenation of 1407 A.R. when the Grand Clicker requested that out of reverence and penance all Brothers should “cut the feba of their heads cleanly off.”  The feba hairstyle has always been the sign of a devout clicker.  It was similar to a Mohawk cut.
Unfortunately, what the brothers understood was that they should “cut the 6521 of their heads cleanly off,” because every one of them knew that there were exactly 6,521 brothers at that time.  Thus the Brotherhood had to rebuild itself afterwards.
On the first day of my visit to set up the fees, I met with their business representative, Brother Dick Johnson.  It was a very slow process.  It took me half an hour to say my name.
Occasionally, I heard groups of Clickers passing in the hall,“talking.”  They were very well practiced and could click as fast as someone typing on the computer.  The Brother that I was meeting with, however, was clicking much more slowly as if doing baby talk.  Although much more quickly than I could.  The hard part was not clicking quickly, but trying to count the clicks, keep track of which letter it was, and formulate what to say next.  It must have been very aggravating to him, but he was always polite and tried to express encouragement.
I imagined that for most Clickers it was much simpler to observe silence.  What could you say that was worth the effort?  However, many were compulsive clickers and wasted everyone’s time.
I quickly learned to choose my words carefully.  In explaining benefits I realized it was much simpler to say “fall” (6 + 1 + 12 +12 = 31 total clicks) rather then “injury” (19 + 5 + 3 + 18 + 5 + 20 = 87 clicks) or “accident” (13 + 5 + 19 + 1 + 7+ 5 = 59 clicks.)  My actuarial mind thought and dreamt in numbers so those comparisons came very easily.
Over the next two days I picked up some tricks.  I used abbreviations and expressed implications better with facial movements.  After the third day, we had finished going over the terms and conditions and we were ready to begin negotiating the rate structure.  Brother Johnson invited me to stay for dinner.  It was a welcome invitation to a bachelor who survived on bologna sandwiches and Grape Nuts.  (No, not at the same time.  Yuck.)
However, I must admit I had a penchant for corn flakes and liverwurst.  There’s something about the texture that makes for a gourmet dream.  The trick is to eat the correct proportions.  For instance, empty the contents of your pockets and briefcase.  Line up the items you’ve found.  Let’s say, you have at your disposal a pocket comb, a small package of tissues, a receptacle for the sole purpose of carrying small rectangles of plastic which serve as vouchers for a medium of monetary exchange, and some sort of vehicle parking token.  Okay, first slice the liverwurst making sure it is no larger than pocket comb.  This is the correct portion to insure longevity.  Any other size won’t do.  As a matter of fact, if you slice enough liverwurst to equal the voucher case, the results will be death and dismemberment.  Now, here comes the crucial factor.  Be sure, and I mean sure that the slice is larger than the parking token.  Next, fill a bowl the size of the package of tissues with corn flakes and roll the liverwurst in the cornflakes.  Finally, throw away the whole mess and go out for pizza because that is what you really want.  I said I had a penchant for the concoction, but don’t anymore unless someday they make a liverwurst and cornflake pizza.
It was this sort of food waste that made people click their tongues.  I didn’t know if wasting food had anything to do with the Clickers, but clicking was the appropriate response.  Maybe the Clickers spent so much time communicating that there was no time to eat.  I was to soon find out.
A non-Clicker hostess came out to set the buffet.  That spoke to the Clickers’ desire to help the people around their monastery.   By hiring a non-Clicker kitchen staff, it showed that they believed that all people are entitled to share in a life of subservience and absurdity with them.
However, I was surprised when she announced, “Tonight’s supper is Monte Crisco sandwiches, mixed greens, and a fruit cup.”  Not one eyebrow was raised at her talking except mine.  No one gasped at the insult of an improper communication.  Suddenly, I realized that two days, seven hours and fifty-six minutes of the last three days had been wasted.  It is allowed to speak to a Clicker normally, but they must reply in click.
That reminded me of the time I had tried to communicate with Opal when she was trying to change her name.  She had decided that she didn’t like her birth name of Henrietta Nondescript because she figured that was the reason everyone ignored her.  Accordingly, she changed her name to a jewel of some sort, reasoning that if she was valuable she would be valued.
Of course, she was mistaken.  An object of value is still an object, subject to evaluation by those with poor judgment and no standards.  She kept the name, Opal, hoping someday someone would see her for the person she wanted to be.  Not unlike the Clickers, who chose to click to belong to a social group for recognition as well as something to do, she quickly learned that not everyone was in her clique.
Nonetheless, the Clicker and I concluded our negotiations the next day.  I talked and he clicked as we proceeded quickly.  When I asked him why he hadn’t told me it was fine to speak to him, Brother Dick clicked, “You looked like you were enjoying it and I thought the Brotherhood might get a new recruit.  Finally, I just had to show you it was okay to talk because the nasal, raspy way you click was grating on my nerves.”
I felt insulted.  No one had ever criticized my clicking before.  He had a lot to learn about the duties of a good host.
With all of that in mind, I walked into the meeting room at the Seminary to find what they knew about the Holy Talisman.  It was Brother Dick who was waiting to “talk” to me.  He clicked, “The Brotherhood thought that since we had worked well together before that I should be the one to meet with you.”
In one sense it pleased me.  The last time we met I was trying to be very cautious about customer service because I was trying to sell him something.  Now I was an investigator and he was the one who had to be overly polite and follow my whims.  I could get revenge for my embarrassment by playing the Grand Inquisitor with him.
I sat down.  The room was small with one large table and eight chairs.  The table had an attractive wood surface and the chairs were very comfortable.
“We are so glad we could help.  We are honored that the Brotherhood of . . . ,” Brother Dick clicked.
I cut him off.
“You don’t need to give me any of that fluff today.  Let’s get down to business.  Vice President Wilde says that you have been spreading rumors about the disappearance of the Holy Talisman.  Is that true?”  
It took him a few minutes to say a sentence.  It wasn’t worth the wait to hear it all.
“Yes, we believe . . .”
“Did you see the Talisman taken?”
“No, we were . . .”
“Do you know who discovered it missing?”
“Yes, we did, but no one took the time to listen to . . .”
“Do you know who took the Talisman?”
“Yes, The Hand of God.  He has glorified . . .”
“How do you know that?”
“That is what the Widows are telling everyone,” he said.  The Widows were one of the nicknames for the Sisterhood of the Renunciation of the Flesh.  Their name comes from their vegetarian diet.  They are also called the “Black Widows”.
“They have been . . . ,” he continued.
“Great, we will have to catch up on old times soon,” I said as I got up and left.  I might have been able to get some more information out of him, but I got the most important thing which was my satisfaction.  I also got where to go next.  I could always revisit him if I felt the need.



I walked towards Ms. Wilde’s office so I could check if she had arranged any more meetings for me and to tell her I needed to see the Widows.  Outside the temple was a brown-robed brother from the Order of the Meek, better known as a Brownie.  He had a small whip with a frilly decorative tassel on it.  He was lightly hitting it against his back.  This was a symbolic gesture that of grief made before entering the Temple in order to feel heightened joy when in the Temple.
The young Brownie was having a hard time reaching his back with the tassel that had been cut too short.  Tassels had been made smaller and smaller each year.  This one didn’t seem like it would function even for a ceremonial swat.  It was just a decoration to be carried.  Just then a somewhat older Cream walked up to the Temple.
“Pardon me, but would you be so kind to give my back a little swat,” the Brownie said to the Cream.
The Cream nodded, took the whip and gave the Brownie a light brushing.
“I didn’t even feel that.  Please try a little harder,” the Brownie said.
The Cream gave a sharper swat.
“Harder,” said the Brownie.
This time the Cream raised the whip partly above his head and swatted.
“Ow.  I’m not feeling joy yet.”
However, the Cream was beginning to feel joy from getting into the role of a father figure who is disciplining his son.  He raised the whip far above his head and swatted.
“Ow.  Praise the Lord.”
He whipped even harder.
“Ow.  Thanks, that’s enough.”
He did it harder again.
“Hey.  *#&*!  Ouch.”  The Brownie started to turn to stop his whipper, but the Cream held his shoulder.  He swung harder again.
“Ow.”  Then “Ow, Help!”
The Brownies and Creams streamed out of the Temple and began to brawl.
As I walked into Angela’s office she was looking out of the window towards the Temple.
“What’s that about?” she asked.
“The Brownies are getting Creamed,” I responded.
While Angela bent to look out of the window I observed her nice bottom and thought about the symbolic whipping.  It came from the old belief that there was a balance between the two forces of nature, good and evil, joy and suffering, light and dark.  In order to appreciate joy you have to have suffered.  In order for God to be good, he needs to have an equal and opposite evil to provide contrast.
This led to some great atrocities committed by members of the Assembly.  Many people thought that to cause greater good you needed to cause greater suffering.  The Assembly advocated that the civilian authorities routinely round up its citizens, guilty of minor infractions, and torture them.  The majority of the public felt much better because of the torturings.  It gave them much joy to watch.
However, the public didn’t like it when it was practiced in the schools.  Little Johnny’s bubblegum stuck to the chair resulted in a swat of the ruler on his knuckles.
Helveticas IX forbade the ritual within the Assembly, although it was still practiced by civil authorities in more backward jurisdictions.  Helveticas was mostly reacting to the public’s concern, but he said there was a good rationale for removing the ritual.  “God,” he said, “is already infinitely knowing, wise, encompassing, good, and powerful.  He can’t be increased any further beyond that by our actions.”

I thought I should stop staring at her bottom because I might get caught again and have to come up with something else to ask her about her drapes.  I wouldn’t have really minded.  Actually, it would have been worth it.  However, just at that moment, she turned around.
“Isn’t it a shame?” she asked.
“Yes,” I said without knowing what was shameful, drapes, staring at bottoms, atrocities, good versus evil, or the whipping.
“Yes, it’s a shame that they do this during the Feast.”
“The reporters are already eating us up.  What will happen next?” she asked.
I wondered for a moment whether she had heard the radio air my interview and then heard the commentary.  “Do you have any other meetings arranged yet?” I asked to distract us away from that thought.
“No.  Maybe tomorrow.  It has been very hectic around here.”
“That’s fine,” I said.  It was very late into the afternoon anyhow.
“Did you find out anything about the Holy Talisman’s disappearance?” she continued unperturbed.
“No, but I did wonder that if it was taken by God then your policy might not cover it.  We routinely put in Acts-of-God clauses.”
“Mmm,” she said in a depressing let down tone of voice.
She gestured that we should sit down.
“How long have you been at SRSIG?” she asked while fingering one of the curls in her hair.  It was difficult to keep looking into her eyes without staring at her delicate hands.
Here it came.  She was testing me to see whether I could withstand the slams from the Cub News Network.
“In a week it will be seven days,” I said.
“Oh, so you’ve just started,” she said.
“Well, maybe in the long scheme of things, but it doesn’t feel like I’ve just started.”
“So you’ve settled in fast,” she said.
“Yes, long ago.”  Now she thought I was incompetent.
She looked at her watch as if trying to do a mental calculation, then looked up and nodded.
“You must have got to work early today,” she said.
“No, I came straight here this morning.  I didn’t go in until around lunch.”  I reassured her.  “I’ve handled a variety of cases at SRSIG.”
“Wow,” she said.  “How long do your cases last?”
“More complicated investigations may take a few days, but most can be done over the phone.”
“Excuse me,” she said.  “How long did you say you’ve worked there?”
“Seven years,” I said.  She was very forgetful.
“Oh.  I’m sorry.”
“What are you sorry for?  In my SEVEN YEARS I’ve found my work is very challenging and rewarding.”
“It sounds interesting,” she said with a nod.
“Yes, all SEVEN YEARS have been interesting.”
“What’s the most interesting case that you’ve worked on?”
Now she must be trying to find where I’ve failed or gotten in too deep.
“Oh, they are all interesting,” I said.
“Oh.  I see,” she said while she shifted in her chair and crossed her legs.
“Tell me more about yourself.  What did you do on your weekend?”
Now she thought that I was lazy.
“There wasn’t much happening in the office, so I took the weekend off.”
“Um-huh.  I assume you are not married,” she said.
“No, but I don’t see what that has to do with anything.”  She was probably one of the more traditional types of believers that think that any man who is not married, or in the brotherhood must be a stereotypical irresponsible bachelor.
“And it doesn’t have any effect on my work.”
“Huh?” she said.
While she stared in confusion her phone rang.  After she picked it up, I pointed at my watch to feign that I have to be somewhere else about now.  Then I left.
I was uncomfortable talking to her, partly because she was an attractive woman.  As I walked out to my car, I wondered how this anxiety all started.  I was very distracted as I walked.  I didn’t even notice if there were still any news reporters at the Seminary.
I remembered when I was about twelve, my friend, Darwin, and I found a torn Playhand magazine.  We often played in an undeveloped area that was forested.  Several other kids played there, but we rarely saw them even though we found evidence that the others played there.  The forest had worn paths and small forts made out of fallen tree limbs and refuse.
We found the Playhand magazine scattered on the ground.  It had wrinkled through exposure to the weather.  We searched through the discarded pages looking of revealing photos.  There were photos of women wearing jewelry on their wrists and fingers.  Those photos were the most enticing.
Normally a woman’s hands should never be photographed.  It is impolite to leer at a woman’s hands in a sexual way.  There was nothing sexual about simply shaking hands with a woman or casually noticing her hands.  Seeing a woman’s hands is often unavoidable.  What is unacceptable is to lust for touching her hands.
A woman is considered immoral if she seeks out anyone who will touch her hands.  It doesn’t matter how wealthy, good-looking, educated, boring, or inept the woman is.  If she sought hand-holding then she was morally deficient.  Whoever she sought to hold hands must be considered the lowest caliber.  This was because the responder was generally understood to be too hideous or objectionable in some way to find a woman with whom he can initiate the hand-holding process himself.  That didn’t stop women from lusting privately or boys from secretly leering at girls’ hands.
My best way to get a close look at girls’ hands was to peek out during prayers at Assembly.  Everyone would sit with heads bowed, folded hands and eyes closed during prayer.  No one would know that I had peeked.  From my enthusiasm that we should attend Assembly, my parents thought that I was very devout.
I often volunteered to go alone to Assembly on days when the family was staying home.  When the family went, I had no choice of where I could sit.  I might have ended up sitting next to someone’s grandmother.  Her hands would be too flabby or wrinkled to appreciate.
The girl with the prettiest and most delicate hands was Gabrielle.  I sat next to or behind her when I could.  I couldn’t sit next to her every day or her parents might have gotten suspicious.  There were other girls that I could sit near also.  I fantasized that Gabrielle knew and was jealous of the other girls on those days.
I wondered if my volunteering to go to Assembly alone was part of the reason that I got my job with SRSIG.  I used my preacher as a personal reference because I knew that he would say that I was very devout.
Lusting for holding hands was the purpose of the Playhand magazines.  If I had my own copy then I wouldn’t have had to pretend to be so devout.  The purpose of the Playhands was that you could look at the women’s hands privately, touch your fingers to the magazine pages, and pretend that they were real hands, not photos.  I wouldn’t consider caressing the photos when Darwin was around.  That would be too intimate for male friends to do together.  However, I noticed that when Darwin held the papers his fingers were very close to the edge of the photos.
We decided to split the photos and take them home.  We both understood how we would use them, but didn’t say it.  Darwin got first choice because he was the first to find the photos and first to suggest taking them home.  He was first in most things.
I had the photos less than a week.  I was unpracticed at hiding things.  I put them behind a box on the floor of my bedroom.  I didn’t even think that Mom moved the box every time she vacuumed.  I could have placed the photos in plain sight and she would have found them just as quickly.  I had hidden the pictures there because behind the box was a place that I never looked for things.  There were plenty of places to hide things that would have lasted longer.  I could have hidden them in a desk drawer.  I went into the drawer frequently, so the photos wouldn’t have been out of view, but Mom never went though my desk.  She could have easily found the photos there if she was looking for them, but she would have no reason to look.
Mom never said anything about the photos and I, of course, never said anything either.  However, I wondered if she ever told anyone.  I had suspicions that she had and I had the implied circumstances to prove it.
I’m sure my Grandparents knew.  We went to their house on most weekends.  Whenever we were there, Grandpa and the uncles would tease the kids.  One uncle would harmlessly tease me at dinnertime when he passed me the food.  I enjoyed buttered rolls.  I often buttered the rolls so that there was more butter than roll.  My uncle would say, “Would you like some butter?” as he held up a stick on a small platter.
I would say, “yes” and hold up my hand, but before I could grab the butter he would jab the softened butter onto my fingers.  All of my cousins and I would laugh.  There is something innocently sexual about having your fingers jabbed into creamy butter.
Sometimes my cousins would be the victims too, but they caught on quicker.  My uncle got me on several occasions until I learned to say, “No, thanks.  You’re just going to jab me.”
“No, I won’t,” he would say, but then of course when I reached for the butter he would jab me anyhow.
“Yes, I’ll have butter,” I finally learned to say.  Then, when he tried to hand it to me I would say, “Just set it down.”
Then he’d tease me.
“Here, you can take it.  I won’t get you.”  But I had caught on, and I’d insist that he set it down or sometimes I’d try to grab the butter tray from below so I wouldn’t get smeared.
However, after Mom had found the Playhand, I was suspicious that everyone knew about it.  I became more sensitive to my Grandfather’s teases.  Grandpa’s teases were the raunchiest.  He would say, “I’ll bet you’re handy with the girls.”
I was mortified.  Did he know about the magazines I had fantasized with?  How could I reply to him?  If I said, “Yes,” then Mom might say, “He should be handy.  He’s had plenty of practice.”  If I said, “No,” then the cousins would tease me later for saying that I wasn’t good with girls.  Being mortified was a good solution.  I didn’t have to answer the questions and I would be too out-of-it to hear anything else that was said.
From such a beginning, being mortified when around women continued as I got older.  One of my childhood friends, Connie, was a couple years younger than me.  She was my younger sister’s age.  Whenever Darwin was in trouble, I would be willing to play with Connie rather than being bored.  When we were younger, Connie and I along with our siblings played Cowboys and Indians.  My sister and I were always cowboys and Connie and her younger sister were Indians.  We also played house and doctor.  You are saying, “Ah-ha, they played doctor.”  Connie and I played doctor, not doctor.
When she got older, she became more aware of man’s carnal desires.  She often told me that her father had Playhand magazines.  She knew where they were and we could look at them.  I was too scared to answer her.  I was unsure what it meant when a girl offered to look at something intimate with me.  Was she offering intimacy?  Whether we just looked at pictures or did more, I was sure that I would somehow get into trouble.
One day when I went to see her, she was alone.  Her parents and sister were gone.  Without asking me if I was interested, she went to get out the magazines.  I was too excited not to look.
Connie began flipping through the pages.  The magazines were in much better condition than the torn and weathered ones Darwin and I found.  The pages were crisp and unwrinkled.
I moved my hand to touch one of the photos and then I heard the front door slam.  I suddenly felt the need to escape.  I ran out of the back door then to home.
I am sure that Connie’s mom knew that something had been up.  She saw me running out of the back.  It would have made more sense to play it cool and hide the magazines.
I never heard anything about it.  Mom never said anything about Connie, but I became suspicious whenever she brought up the subject of holding hands.
Mom would often tell me, “Your dad and I held hands before marriage.  When you become serious with a woman, you may want to hold her hand.  I want you to know that you can come to me and tell me.  I would rather be sure that you use protection.  If a woman has warts on her hands you could get them, too.  When that time comes I will find you some gloves.”
Not long after that, Connie’s family moved out of town.  A couple years later they moved back, but into a much nicer home further away.
One day, when I went by her home, she was out playing with a few friends.  I knew one of her newer friends from school and stopped to talk to him.  When Connie and I were alone she said that she had held hands with a guy.  She had wanted to hold hands with me, but she got tired of waiting.
This conversation confirmed what I had suspected for years.  An innocent suggestion to look at a magazine or a flirtatious smile could have been a proposition from a woman for intimacy.  That is probably why I misinterpreted Donna’s friendliness when we met at the seminar.  Donna wanted to be friends, but I saw propositions in everything that she said and did.  Now I don’t know what to think.  Angela Wilde was friendly and maybe even flirty, but she is obviously taken by someone else.  It was just friendliness.



In a place not far from Neal Harris and a while before his troubles, there were three girls walking home from school.  The first one saw something on the ground and picked it up.  She said, “Hey, do you know what this is?”
“No.  What?” the second and third girls said curiously.
The first girl held the bracelet up to her wrist.
“My, what big hands you have,” she said while flirting her eyes at them.  The second girl laughed so suddenly that soda squirted out of her nose.  The first girl then laughed with the second girl.  However, the third girl stood confused and stunned.  The girls were all in the same grade at school, but the third girl was nearly a whole year younger.  Hence, she was a little more immature.
The first girl held her wrist up to the third girl and flaunted the bracelet in her face.
“You don’t know what this is!” the first girl said.
“I know,” the third girl said, turning partly away.
The second girl wiped the soda from her nose.
“Look, here comes Devon.”  The first girl immediately pulled down her jacket sleeve to cover the bracelet.
Devon and another boy walked closer to the girls.  The girls’ eyes flitted back and forth from the approaching boys to the first girl’s wrist.  The bracelet was well hidden.
The boys ignored the girls.  The first girl lifted her sleeve slightly.  The second girl stared with wide surprised and thrilled eyes at the first girl’s wrist.  Just as the boys passed the first girl, she quickly exposed the bracelet and recovered it.  The second girl laughed loudly.
The boys stopped and turned.  They looked leeringly at the girls.  The third girl became shocked and red-faced.  The other two girls smiled confidently at the boys.  When the girls said nothing, the boys shrugged then walked on.
After the boys walked a few paces, the first girl quickly exposed and then covered the bracelet again.  The second girl laughed again.  The other boy, not Devon, turned momentarily, but they continued walking.
The girls continued walking home in the same direction as the boys.  After the girls turned a corner, they saw that Devon and his friend were sitting at Devon’s doorstep.
“Let’s go by them and flash them again,” the second girl said.
“You strumpets!” the third girl stopped and said.
“Hey, it’s just for fun.  We aren’t doing anything,” the first girl said.
The third girl shook her head.
“If you want to have a turn you may,” the first girl said.  The third girl shook her head again, but the first girl lifted her sleeve.  The bracelet was gone.  Their eyes darted around the ground as they looked for the bracelet.
The third girl began to walk home alone.  After a moment of searching, the second girl said, “Wait up,” and ran to join her.  Then the first girl sighed and ran to catch up.


* * * * *


Chapter 10

The next morning, I went into the office so I could sit and go over some things that had happened.  One, I was looking for a relic.  Two, the relic was priceless.  Three, no one had a copy of the insurance policy.  Four, I worked for the insurance company.  Five, I didn’t know what women wanted.  Six, I had a new clue in the relic case.
Something on my desk made me take a second look.  I usually knew everything on my desk, so when something was new or out of place, I had to look again to find out why.  This time, it was a woman’s white feather hat with a couple of extra chicken feathers sewed on.  It was good to see that my coworkers were taking the Chuck-worship interview lightly.  Obviously, the hat was so that I could dress up like one of his roosters.
“Thanks, Bobbie,” I yelled.
I could hear her prolonged giggling.  Whenever she did that, it meant that she was pleased with herself.  Other women giggle because they’re uncomfortable and even some giggle because they don’t know how to laugh.  However, Bobbie giggled for positive reinforcement.  She must have received very little praise when she was younger.  Surely, no one praised her now.  Therefore, the task was left to her and she did an excellent job.
The hat, however, wasn’t the only present that had been left for me.  I needed to think more about what the note meant that had been left on my car windshield the night before at the Seminary.  I had left the building and didn’t notice anything unusual.  The night was clear with no sign of precipitation.  I did notice two large black limos, sort of like overgrown beetles, flanking my car.  Each of them had armor-covered tires and window shields that could be raised or lowered at will to protect the gunmen inside while they shot guns and rifles at passing cars, hiding behind the shield.  They both had their motors running.  One had the license plate KILLER and the other said HIRED GUN.
As I said, nothing unusual, just another night for just another insurance salesman.
I was used to the boredom that came with the occupation.  Except for an occasional female glancing in my direction, I was just another guy doing his job.  Selling insurance was an exercise in boredom.  The slightest offense could turn away a client.  It was not like that would matter much.  The SRSIG was a Mother Assembly owned, nonprofit organization.  We didn’t seek profit and I didn’t get commissions for selling insurance to groups within the Assembly.
Self-insurance for small companies basically meant that they had no insurance.  It meant that if anything bad happened then they would pay for it themselves.  A company could even set up a fund to cover expected losses due to theft or disaster.  This was the way that SRSIG operated.  Every year we collected insurance premiums based on what we had to pay out in the previous year.  We put the premiums into a fund and then paid out claims from it.  If we paid out too much in claims one year, then we needed to charge more in premiums the next.  If there ever was a massive disaster that caused a need for a massive payou,t then we would be in trouble.  The Mother Assembly itself would be liable to cover out losses.
Was it really that important for the groups within the Mother Assembly to have insurance?  It was only self-insurance which was lower quality than real insurance.  However, this was something that I really believed in.  It was almost a religion.  Insurance wasn’t really for the purpose of providing compensation for loss.  The real value of buying insurance was peace of mind.  The buyer knew that they would be provided for if something went wrong.  The actual payment was inconsequential.  Tell this to most of the clients and they may go away believing you.  You have converted them to the religion of insurance.  It’s a wonderful feeling.
It was one of the core beliefs of insurance that there should be no surprises.  The whole purpose of insurance was to alleviate fears of surprises.  Without fear, no one would buy insurance.  I did not advocate subjecting people to fear to sell more insurance.  Insurance exists to make fear manageable.
Therefore, it was my strong belief that every group within the Mother Assembly should have insurance.  How was it best to get them signed up?  This was where boredom was important.  There should be no surprises in the negotiation process.  Surprises reflect back upon the quality of the insurance.  If the salesman could alleviate fear, then the insurance would be able to do so also.
Then if a group was offended in any way by the salesman, then there was no sale. If you wanted to be friendly to someone you might try telling a joke.  What are jokes though?  Are they just making fun of others?  How well do you really know your prospective client?  Do you know them well enough to be able to gauge which sort of jokes will work?
Another way to get close to someone was to ask about their family and talk about your own.  I couldn’t ask members of religious orders about their families.  They have none.  I didn’t have any family either.  That was why it was imperative for the purpose of my proselytizing in the religion of insurance that I get married and have children.
If you are not bored about insurance yet, then you and I could sit down sometime for a couple hours and go over the finer points.  I didn’t expect anything exciting in this type of work and nothing exciting is usually what happened.  Therefore, I wasn’t really expecting anything last night as I walked up to my car when I saw a torn sheet of paper that flapped in the breeze.  It was secured under the windshield wipers on my car.
I approached it cautiously, as if it might bite me.  The last note had.  It had been from my most recent ex-girlfriend.
However, this handwritten note was different.  It said, “I’ve got it.”
I considered the three words very carefully.  My investigative side quickly made the necessary evaluation.  One, it mentioned only one person, who was, therefore, obviously working alone.  Two, that one person “had” something, which implied possession of some sort.  Three, that one person had “it”, whatever “it” was.
I turned the paper around in my hand and read it upside down.
I drew the same conclusions.
Whoever had written this note was clever beyond the shadow of a dubious confession.  They had it, all right, and now all I had to do was figure out what it might be.
It probably had to do with a case I was working on and the only case I had at the time was ….
I smiled to myself deep and long.  Yeah, I’m at what I did.  I was proud of myself for deciphering the cryptic note.  The answer to the riddle in the note had just come to me in a blinding flash of glory.
Someone had the Holy Talisman and was either bragging about it or needed to tell me so that I could be his confessor.  Yes, “his” confessor.  It looked like a guy’s handwriting. It didn’t have all of those loopy letters and i’s dotted with circles that women tended to use.  Since God’s handwriting would probably be much neater and I doubted that he would have a need to brag or confess, I reasoned that a human wrote the note.
If a human wrote the note, then it was good for me that he was feeling guilty.  Maybe it would weigh upon his conscience until he returned the Talisman.  However, there was little I could do to use that guilt.  I could put a sign on the reliquary in the Temple that said, “For forgiveness, place Talisman here.”  I wouldn’t want to do that because then everyone would think I was peculiar.  The only thing I could do was to follow the evidence and cross my fingers.
I drove quickly as I left the seminary that night, stopping only a couple of times for donuts.  The donut shops near the Seminary were particularly interesting because their products were in the shape of Ralph.
I figured there were probably a thousand people gathered on the Seminary grounds that could have seen me when I arrived and known which car was mine.  Many of them were just gawkers.  I wouldn’t put it beyond them to play a prank.  Some of the gatherers were zealots.  They may have worse intentions than simply playing a prank.
Who else knew which car I drive?  Many of the Seminary officials have a good view of the parking lot.  Heck, for all I know CUB had televised me getting into my car.  Then the whole world would know.  That didn’t help me reduce the number of suspects.
While I sat in my office and thought about all of this I heard Ted in the next room.
“If you get them for two dollars each . . . ,” he softly said.
“What?” I said, not sure if he was talking to me.
There wasn’t a response, just silence.
“Then sell them for four-fifty or say five dollars . . . .”  He could have been talking about anything.
“What?” More silence.
“Well, I don’t know.  How much could you sell them for?”  He sounded thoughtful or at least thoughtful for Ted.
“Ted, are you talking to me?  I thought you said something.”
“No, it’s not me,” he said.
“Never mind,” I said.
“Then . . . .” he began again.
I could hear Opal sigh; that’s how loud it was.   
“Ted, you’re talking to yourself.”
I heard Bobbie get up from her desk and walk towards my office.  Quickly I tried to put the prank cap on my head before she got to the door.  It was on, but crooked.
She saw me and smiled.  I played dumb with a straight face.   
“Now you know what I go through sitting here all day every day, Mr. World Traveler.”
She came over to the desk, straightened the cap.
“There, that’s how you wear it.”
“Thanks.  I wouldn’t want to offend Chuck..”  
“How did you find it so quickly?” I asked.
“Luck,” she admitted, “but it’s actually a really long story.”
Oops, I thought.  I guess I asked for that one.  I can take a little nap with my eyes open while she goes on and on.  Here we go.
“Pat and I were supposed to go to a party last night.  She was very excited about it because someone said that there would be some cute guys there.  I don’t know what her boyfriend, or as she calls him ‘the old ball and grind,’ would think of that.  I guess they are cooled off again.
“Anyhow, getting anywhere on time with her is a major challenge, so I tell her we have to leave early.  Pat said, ‘No problem.’
“When I get to her place she isn’t ready.  She can’t seem to find the right accessories for her skirt.  She says that we have to make a quick stop to pick something up at a daycare center coworker’s house.  We are already late for the party but I said, ‘Okay.  If you promise it will be fast.’
“She said, ‘I promise.’
“When we get to her friend’s house she wasn’t even expecting her.  The friend is a woman in her forties with a family.  They said, ‘Patience, come in.  This must be your friend, Barbara, that you’ve told us all about.’
“It turns out that Pat has her eye on a bracelet that the friend’s daughter found.  Pat asked her friend, ‘Can I let Bobbie see the bracelet you showed us at work?’  They brought it out.  It is sort of unusual.  Then Pat said, ‘We are going to a party, and I think it would match my outfit.  The bracelet is very pretty, and everyone at the party would be very impressed, and I would return it to you tomorrow at work.’
“The friend said, ‘I don’t know.  It has a difficult clasp.  If you don’t get it just right, it could pop off.’
“Pat said, ‘I will be careful.’
“Then the friend said, ‘Don’t lose it.’
“Pat said, ‘I promise.’
“Then when we get into the car she said, ‘Bob, we need to make just one more stop.’  By now I don’t care so much anymore.  I wouldn’t have minded meeting some cute guys, but they’d probably all be taken by now anyhow.
“Pat had been looking for a cream-colored bow for a long time.  We’d looked just about everywhere for one.  She had a white bow in her hair and it looked fine to me, but it had to be a cream-colored bow.  I’m not sure what is so great about cream-colored bows.
“Junk-Mart is sort of on the way to the party, and it’s about the only place that we haven’t already looked, so we stopped there.  Oh, by the way, Neal, that’s where I found the hat while she was shopping.”
I smiled and nodded, temporarily aroused from my nap.  Bobbie continued, “Of course, she doesn’t find the cream-colored bow.  We go out and get into my car and she said, ‘Bob, I have a problem.’  She always says it to me that way: ‘Bob, I have a problem.’  It doesn’t even phase me anymore when she has her ‘problems.’  I am getting very good at improvising her ‘problems.’
“Pat said, ‘The bracelet has fallen off.’ 
I decide that it had to be one of three places: the car, the store, or on the pavement.  She was convinced that it must have just fallen off so she looked on the pavement while I checked my car.  Next, we retraced her footsteps back inside and around the store, but we didn’t find it.
“It was too dark outside.  The lights weren’t that bright and we could have missed it there.  I bought a flashlight and we retraced her steps outside and even looked under my car, but we didn’t find it.
“Pat said, ‘What am I going to do?’
“I said, ‘You will just have to tell her at work tomorrow that you lost it.’
“Pat said, ‘Can you tell her for me?’
“I said, ‘No, it’s YOUR problem.’  After that it was very late and we didn’t even go to the party.”
I’d stopped actively listening after the first sentence.  Now that the onslaught was over, I could only feebly nod and wave to her as she left the room.  I never learned anything from the stories about Pat.  Maybe it was because they were empty, meaningless encounters of the worst sort.  Maybe it was because they never had anything to do with me.  Maybe I didn’t care.
Whatever the reason, one thing was certain.  I didn’t care, not about Pat anyway.  I had enough people in my life looking for a listening ear, not that I could think of any at the moment.  People who wanted to talk had their own agenda.  I needed listeners.  Unfortunately, good listeners absorbed too much.  Spilling my thoughts to them would take their shiny day and ruin it.
Well, I wasn’t going to let Bobbie’s story do that to me.  I preferred to tune out and let the words fall where they may.


* * * * *


Chapter 11

I got a call from Angela telling me that the Primary of the Sisterhood of the Renunciation of the Flesh was willing to meet with me this morning at my earliest convenience.  I quickly crammed my stuff into my jacket and ran out.
I had avoided the news trucks on my way home yesterday and I wondered whom they had gotten to slip up, so I flipped on the radio.  “ . . . that Neal Harris was a member of a fraternity while at college,” said the radio.  It sounded like their producer, Murland, himself.
Yes, I was a member of a frat, APE.  It was a service fraternity.  Our members were mostly former Eagle Scouts.
“Many of our listeners may not be aware of this, but fraternities practice worship of false gods.  Fraternities and sororities are organized to model Greek religious orders.  The Greek gods that they worship each represent sins such as handholding, wine, wealth, and war.  Someone might try to tell you that there are some good Greek gods such as Eros, the god of love, but he doesn’t represent marital love.  He represents non-marital, sinful lust like you would find between roosters and chickens in a coop.  There is no true love except within the bounds of matrimony.  It can’t exist without loving Ralph with all of your heart first.
“Another example is Cupid.  If you take the image of Cupid and put a few more feathers on him then you have the Arch-Angel Charles before he tried to beguile the Lord and was cast out to become Chuck.”
My mind wandered.  I remembered something I wanted to forget.   Initiations into those fraternities of sin and “service”, if you know what I mean, included public nudity, public humiliation, and being left on the pier at midnight in your underwear without a dollar in the pockets you don’t have and the instructions on how to get home written on the inside of your boxers.  Think about it.  How do you read the instructions?  Well, first you hide behind some pilings on the pier, then you remove the boxers, all the while muttering, ‘Ralph, Ralph, Ralph,’ with a few choice epithets thrown in for good measure.  Then, and you try not to think about this in later years at fraternity reunions when the President moons you, you read the instructions, which said, “Congrats, Neophyte, you are now a Phyte—if  you can find your way back here.  If we have to come and get you, which we won’t, you’re out.”
To this day, I could still feel the pounding in my head as I took off down the highway looking for a way back.
Suddenly, the sound of Murland’s voice on the radio broke through the shocking memory of me loping along in the dark and I shook off the recollections like a dog rescued from a frigid lake.  I went limp and listened to Murland continue.
“Fraternities are a hot bed of victimization of our young daughters.  We can only guess how much heart-break Mr. Harris caused while at college.”
I could tell him: none that I was aware of.
He continued in that arrogant way he had of talking, that holier-than-all-of-thou-can-ever-be tone.  “Our sources tell us that Mr. Harris is a frequent visitor to the Vice President of Elliot Seminary, Ms. Angela Wilde.  She is the only woman administrator at the college.  We have to ask why he is having an affair with her.
“Ms. Wilde is unmarried, so by Assemblic tradition she is still a maiden.  He is probably at this very minute trying to get her to do unclean acts.  If she submits, she won’t be able to find a husband because she will have been used.  In the worst case he may impregnate her with Rooster seed.
“Ms. Wilde, we say to you: Don’t give in.  We are with you now.  Praise the Lord and give all your troubles to him.  When Mr. Harris comes crowing for you and trying to touch you, just imagine Ralph standing right next to you watching.”
Where did that guy get off?  He owned all the media channels ever since the High Court seated an unelected Holy Man in the position of War Monger.  Who gave him the right to rewrite the moral ethics of an entire planet just because he was too unattractive to get a date?
What if Angela heard him?  Would she listen and reject him, thinking him to be the pervert he was?
Media moguls had a responsibility to their constituency, just as Holy Men did.  They had to consider the effects their words would have.  If they bombarded the audience with subliminal messages that lowered their conscious resistance and then gave them suggestions and commands to change their thinking, the people listening would be brainwashed.  How would they recover?  They would suffer for the sins and words of other people; those sins and words would take a toll and cause them unbelievable pain and suffering.  What if they never recovered?  These people were different than the ones who willingly listened to the Pat’s of the world.  That’s voluntary.  They could walk away and go to a Holy Fair if they chose, but to purposely and deliberately script a radio or television broadcast to nefariously change the mores and morals of the listening audience through deceit, Holy Scripture based on only one Scripture, and subliminal lies, was criminal.  It was brainwashing in its purest form.
Angela and I were consenting adults and Murland was not involved in any way, that’s what bothered him.  He wanted to be involved; he needed to be involved because he didn’t have a life.  All he had was a media empire.  Like the Wizard in that book with the Yellow Brick Road, he’s just a short, ineffectual man behind the curtain pulling the listeners’ strings, telling them that he is big and powerful and they are nothing.
Well, my pathetic, short, ineffectual man, Angela was too smart to be attracted by smoke and mirrors.  Go ahead and spout your vicious monologue out over the airwaves.  One of these days, your audience will find the “off” switch, just as I found my way home from the pier.   I got back.  Maybe I didn’t have my boxers, but I could always get new ones.  It was narrow-minded men like him who never got home.  You know why?  Because he doesn’t have a home.  Nobody wants him.  He’s got no place to go.
But I do.
If anyone should steal her from D’Verbose it should be me.

I had rehashed all the details, but I guessed there wasn’t anything new in the case.  CUB was relying on rehashing old news.  Disgusted, I turned off the radio.  I needed to prepare myself for meeting with the sisters.
It was said that Mary the Strumpet formed the Sisterhood in the time of Ralph.  She wanted to have an organization to relieve the suffering of the poor and sick.  All of Mary’s recruits came from the Strumpet Guild.  Their profession made the strumpets feel very religious.  They had four or more clients a day.  Each one expected them to yell, “Oh God!  Oh God!” over and over again.  All of that praising the Lord eventually sunk in.
Strumpet Guild members wore a bracelet to distinguish themselves in the market place.  This assured that no unreceptive woman was propositioned.  The bracelet symbolized bondage to the Guild.
The bracelet became the symbol of the Sisterhood as well.  The strumpet would switch her bracelet from her left wrist to the right when she became a sister.  This symbolized bondage to the Lord since the Lord stands for everything right and good, but Chuck stands for everything that is left and evil.
A “friend” told me that strumpets haven’t used the bracelets as identification for decades.  You just looked in the yellow pages.  Then, when you called they ask you for all sorts of information before they will meet with you.  They wanted to know your vital statistics so they could check your credit history and check for a criminal record.  They wanted to know if you’ve visited any other strumpet before so they can check her as a reference.  It could get embarrassing if you said: “No, I’ve never visited a strumpet before.”  You couldn’t pretend you have visited one because then she would want to know her name.  There were all sorts of arrangements to be made, such as when and where you would meet.  After all that, you would be out of the mood for holding hands.  It made it harder to “perform.”  Well, I wouldn’t know.  That’s what my “friend” said.
In ancient times, if you happened to see a woman wearing the bracelet, you would have to look at which hand it was on to determine her profession.  This could have been troublesome for men who didn’t know their right from their left.  It could have been difficult if you approached her from the front.
Is my right, her right, or is my left her left?  If I turn, then is my right still her right or does it become her left?
An easier way to tell the difference between a strumpet and a sister was to look at her clothes.  If the woman was wearing a plain long unrevealing gray dress with a headscarf then she was a strumpet.  If the woman wore a gaudy dress with a low cut front, a mini shirt, and had excessive makeup, then it was a sister.

I used my right and proper hand to open the door to the meeting room where the sisters had been waiting.  I knew that I would recognize the Primary Sister, Camila-Amanda, from her photographs in the Assembly publications.  She was waiting there with two other sisters.
“Hello, Mr. Harris.  This is my Secondary, Camila-Beatrice,” the Primary said.
“It’s Bea for short,” said Camila-Beatrice.
“And this is my tertiary, Camila-Camila,” the Primary said.
“It’s C.C. for short,” said Camila-Camila.
Bea’s dress was much different from the last time that I saw her.  The dress she was wearing was very concealing, but I’ll never forget those eyes.  There was no sign that she recognized me.  They serve so many.  It is hard to remember each one.
It was just one night of indiscretion.  My mother had just passed on.  I needed someone to pat me on the head and say, “Everything will be all right.”
My mother had passed on her commercial driver’s license test.  She had said, “Son, I’m off to see the country from behind the wheel of a truck.”  I wasn’t sure if I would be able to see Mom regularly after that.
I swear that I never let Bea hold my hand.  I wouldn’t consider doing such a thing because it wouldn’t feel right.
I wouldn’t want Murland and his network to find that I spent an hour with a strumpet.  It would be best just to avoid Bea if I could get out of this without her recognizing me.  That wouldn’t be difficult—if I didn’t make eye contact, if I disguised my voice, if I didn’t show nervousness, if I remembered the last time I saw her I was wearing, or not wearing, the same or different clothes.
The Primary sister motioned to a table and we all sat down around it.  I noticed that the sisters all had replicas of the Holy Talisman dangling from their bracelets.
I had to see one more closely.
“May I?” I asked and pointed at their hands.
“Certainly.  C.C., would you show it to him?” the Primary said without hesitation.
C.C. removed her bracelet and handed it to me.  This would give me a better idea of what I was looking for.  I handled it by rubbing my fingers over the surfaces.  I flipped it over.  There was a tiny inscription that said, “A symbol of our bondage,” then, “Made in China.” 
I handed it back.
“The Clickers are saying that the ‘Hand of God’ took the Holy Talisman.  Is that true?”  May as well start with the suspect most likely to remain at large.
“Yes,” said the Primary Sister, looking devout and in circumspect awe.
“How do you know?” I asked, needing convincing for so many reasons.
“We saw it with our own eyes,” the Primary said solemnly while the others nodded in agreement.  I got the feeling she believed it.
“Please tell me more,” I said, taking out a very large pad of paper for notes.
“Exactly what did you see?”
“It was overpowering.”  
She needed to be more specific.  Faith can only go so far.
“Can you explain the details to me?”
“It’s something that you really need to experience yourself.  I really couldn’t relate it to you.  Words don’t exist that can describe it.”
“How many people saw this?”
“All 142 of our regional members that have journeyed to the Feast saw it.  You can talk to any of the other sisters if you wish.  The Prayer Scientists were there, too.”
I turned to look at C.C.
“All I can add is that I felt intense fulfillment,” she said.  Bea nodded to show she would say the same thing.
“It’s a true miracle.”
I wondered whether the sisters could have been tricked and who would have been capable of doing it.  The Clickers would be much easier to deceive.  The Clickers have no connection to the outside world.  If they saw a television they might think that you’ve caught the Karma of the damned and put them in a box.  Yes, that pretty much sums up celebrities and actors, but that’s not the point I’m trying to make.
The sisters were formerly strumpets and were very worldly.  It was possible to deceive them, but it would take more.  It might take holograms or magnetic levitation to produce a hand of God.
The show would be enhanced by the fervor and expectations of the sisters if the theatrics were timed with their service, such as when the Primary said, “We call on God to give us a sign of….”
The only person with the motive and imagination to do it was Murland.  Why would he use special effects?  Why not just take it?  Has the news been that slow that he needed to manufacture stories? 

I thanked the sisters and went to Angela’s office.  I had hoped to apologize to Angela for the way Murland embarrassed her and for his gross misunderstanding of our business relationship.  He couldn’t have possibly known what was going on in my head whenever I saw her.  He was merely speculating.  At least, that would be my story.
I paused at the door because I could tell there was someone in her office from the sounds of various voices, so I paused.
“They are waiting for you,” Joy said.
I went in and saw Angela was with D’Verbose and some other man.
“Harris, this is my colleague, Dr. Bickerson,” D’Verbose said.
We shook hands.  Dr. Bickerson’s hair was uncombed and standing up.  He looked to be about the same age as D’Verbose.
“Angela mentioned that Acts of God would not be covered by your policy,” D’Verbose said.
“Many policies have an Act of God clause.  We don’t know about this one since no one can seem to find it.  I wasn’t saying that I thought SRSIG wouldn’t cover the loss.  I was just making conversation,” I said.
“Everything is an Act of God.  He made all of creation and set all events in motion.  You can’t offer insurance and then disallow all possible causes of loss,” D’Verbose said.
“But…,” I said.
Bickerson interrupted.
“That would be the same as saying, ‘Here’s your policy:  We will pay for its replacement as long as it is not lost, stolen or damaged.’  You have quite a racket going Harris.  You collect premiums, but never have to pay out.  I should have thought of that one.”
“But….”  He was on a roll.
“Why we could all retire early.  We could just sit around and have the suckers mail us checks.  Then never send them any money back, but only rejection letters.  ‘Sorry, ma’am, your plea for compensation for loss of a loved one is rejected.  The fatal fire was caused by lightening which was created by God,’” D’Verbose interrupted again.
“But….”  He couldn’t be stopped.
“The fire in your house consumed wood that was nurtured by God with sun and rain.  It’s his fault the wood was flammable.  It was just inviting disaster,” Bickerson said.
“And the laws of nature governing fire were written by God,” Angela smiled and said.
“No, Angela, that’s not what we meant.  The laws of nature are not acts of nature.  A law doesn’t cause a reaction.  Actions cause reactions,” D’Verbose said with a shake of his head.
Bickerson jumped on that.
“I disagree.  I mean, I don’t disagree that action causes reaction, but that fault can lie in negligence.  For example, if someone neglected to clean their fireplace flue and it caught fire, then it is their fault.”
“You imply that God could have been negligent when he created the world.  ‘He made it too unsafe for us.’  That’s blasphemous.  God doesn’t make imperfection.  It’s to imply God is imperfect,” D’Verbose countered.
“I didn’t mean that God would be at fault, but He would be a neglectful person.”
“We were talking about God, so you imply he was neglectful.”
“No, listen to me.  I said…”
“I was listening to you and you implied God was…”
“No, wait.” Bickerson raised his hand in a ‘stop’ gesture.  “Our whole point was to show Harris the absurdity of blaming God for everything.  I was just making that point.”
D’Verbose moved closer to me.
“Our goal was to help Harris realize he was being unjust in denying a claim because it could be an act of God.”
“Yes, but the absurdity of the unjustness was a big part of our point.”
“Okay,” said D’Verbose while rolling his eyes.
Finally, I had a chance to clear things up.
“I never said that denial of claim would occur, even under those circumstances, just that it could occur.  ‘Acts of God’ has always meant drought, pestilence and plagues.  It has never meant real acts of God reaching down and removing an artifact.”
D’Verbose moved thoughtfully from side to side.
“How quaint that modern people assign ‘God’s will’ to natural disasters that they couldn’t explain.  The ancients ascribed the disasters to Chuck and the good to God.”
With an inquisitive look, Bickerson questioned, “D’Verbose, when you said ‘okay’ just now did you mean ‘okay’ you agree with me or ‘okay’ you understood what I meant?”
“What’s the difference?”
“Well, understanding doesn’t mean agreement.”
“Okay.”
“So did you understand or did you agree with what I said?”
“About what?”
“That it was the absurdity of the unjustness that was the key point,” said Bickerson.
D’Verbose stared at him, clearly offended.
“I take my ‘okay’ back.  I neither understand nor agree with what you just said.”
Bickerson stared back.  He opened his mouth to say something, and then closed it before any words came out.  Without a second try, he stormed out of the office, making little huffing sounds as he left.
D’Verbose looked at his watch, not wanting to be outdone.
“It’s about time that I go get ready for class.”  He left at a thoughtful pace, obviously unwilling to resort to anger.
Angela came over to me and put her hand on my shoulder.  It felt good.   
“I’m sorry about them; they were both in foul moods.  Bickerson just had a paper turned down by a prestigious journal.  D’Verbose has seen his life’s work, the Holy Talisman, vanish nearly before his eyes.”
I thought it was odd that Angela referred to Professor D’Verbose, whom she is probably in love with, by his last name.
“What if the policy doesn’t have an Act of God clause?” Angela asked.
“You are crazy if you think I’m going to walk into the same trap twice,” I said.
“I promise to behave.”
“Yes, but will you tell everyone else?”  She could be up to something.
“They can wait and read the policy if we ever find it.”
I nodded, hoping she would touch me again.    
“The compensation depends on which loss clauses were written into the policy.  There are about four possibilities such as lost income, replacement cost, lost value, and special clauses.
“An example of a special clause was in the policy for the Boole Temple in Sardia which was leveled in the earthquake last year.  Part of the policy was that we were to arrange for a band of Boolean monks to create a halo of healing around the ruin.”
“Oh.  I don’t imagine that we would need that,” Angela said.
I raised an eyebrow.
“Really?  It would be fairly easy in this case.  It might only take three or four monks to encircle the reliquary.”
“No, it’s not that.  It’s that the Boolean monks have their own way of doing things.  With them everything is either a true or false, a one or a zero.  They don’t fit well with the Order of Preachers.  We are the most flexible of the bunch.  That’s why I like working with them.”
“I could organize twelve drummers drumming,” I said.
“No,” Angela said and she looked bewildered.
“Or eleven pipers piping?”
“No,” Angela giggled.
“Ten Lords a-leaping?”
Giggle.
“Would you like five gold rings?” I asked.
“No, thanks.  One gold Talisman would be sufficient.”

Angela said she had arranged for another group, the Bowers, to meet me in the afternoon.  I told her I would like to speak with the Prayer scientists soon.  I headed back to my office to check my mail and messages and to think about what to offer the seminary for their loss.
Insurance had always been an enterprise that relied on negotiation and deception.  I could imagine the first time insurance was sold.
The pessimist said, “I bet the caravan gets robbed on its next trip.”
“I bet it doesn’t,” said the optimist. “How much are you willing to bet?”
Then to get the best rate the pessimist has to pretend to be an optimist. “Oh, it’s not like I really expect to get robbed.  There haven’t been very many robberies on the silk trail recently.  It’s just that I would feel more secure knowing that I was insured.  I would say a fair bet would be ten gold pieces against my cargo.”
Then the optimist has to pretend to be more pessimistic to earn a good profit.  “The few robberies probably mean that they are ready to strike again.  I see increased risk now.  I wouldn’t be interested in a bet for less than twenty gold pieces.”
After the deal was reached, the pessimist becomes an optimist.  He gets paid whether his cargo arrives or not.  He could be more careless.  In fact, it would be a much easier journey if someone would relieve him of his cargo.
The optimist becomes a pessimist since he has learned from experience that things are less safe once they are insured.  Perhaps the only way to keep the cargo safe would be to hire someone else to steal it first.
In my optimistic-pessimism or was it pessimistic-optimism, I didn’t tell Angela that the only loss-clause that I really feared was replacement of lost value.  Loss of income and replacement cost would be substantial, but could be met.  However, the value of a priceless artifact couldn’t be paid without bankrupting the Mother Assembly.  If the object was priceless and if there was no cap on benefits, then we would have to pay them an infinite amount.
Actually, this could be done, but we would have to do it in installments.  The Sacred Recluse underwrites the Self Insurance Plan.  The High Sire makes up any net losses.  The Sacred Recluse gets its money by tithing the Temples and Orders.
The Sacred Recluse would have to raise its tithe from the current 10% to 100% of revenue.  All orders, but the Order of Preachers would immediately go bankrupt because no one could function on a budget of zero.  The Order of Preachers would survive because as owners of the Seminary they would be the recipients all of the transfers.
An infinite payment could eventually be made since the Order of Preachers is also tithed.  One hundred percent of its revenue would also be taken, but given back immediately to it.
We could arrange a wire transfer system that automatically transferred the money back and forth between the two accounts while building in value each time until it reached infinity.
Although, to reach infinity, the computers would have to get exponentially faster with each generation.  A whole industry of computer technicians would exist for the sole purpose of serving one customer.  Unlike the DOT-COM industry that collapsed because it had about one customer, the Wire Transfer Conglomerate would only need one customer.
It would quickly become the biggest industry in the world.  It would handle at least a trillion trillion dollars the first year.  Eventually, it would consume all other businesses.  The conglomerate would purchase all other businesses by deferring a minuscule portion of its payment.
The neighborhood kid won’t sell his lemonade stand for a million dollars?  That’s okay.  Just offer a trillion dollars.  It requires deferring the transfer of funds for a thousandth of a second.  They will make the money back by cornering the market.
Then, when the conglomerate’s directors are caught, the bubble will burst and the wire transfer-lemonade economy will collapse.  No one will be able to purchase on credit again.  People will have to carry cash with them.
Out of the shadows we will rise again.  It will start with Johnny Do-Good posting a sign saying, “Lemonade--$10,000 a cup.”
I wondered whether this scenario should become public knowledge.  Would the preachers be less than helpful in my investigating if they knew they could become the dominant order that easily?  Is there anyone who doesn’t want to rule the world?  Was that their plan from the start? 


* * * * *


Chapter 12

Sitting in my office, I went through my messages and tried to wrap up some loose ends on a couple other more typical cases.  However, I kept thinking about the Talisman’s policy.  With no actual written policy they had very little proof of claim.  Their receipts showed that they had some type of insurance.  Additionally, they had demonstrated negligence in protecting the Talisman.
With no copy of the policy, I would settle it through a negotiation.  What would it take so that they didn’t try to appeal our offer to the next level?  A fair offer might be to award an amount equal to the net present value of all of the payments that they’d made on the policy.
With no policy, the mother Assembly was saved from bankruptcy and the world was saved from the lemonade-wire transfer conglomerate.  It was very convenient that both copies of the policy had been lost.  If I had the only copy of the policy, I might accidentally lose it under a stack of papers to save the world.  Maybe someone has already done exactly that.  Had I misjudged President Frost and the Orders of Preachers?  Would they forgo world domination to preserve tradition?
I could easily believe that Ted Duffy could have been persuaded to lose the policy although, he probably wouldn’t have come up with such a scheme. However, programming our computer to lose the seminary’s record was beyond him unless he was the ultimate deceiver.

I had one more new piece of evidence to consider.  On the way to the office, I found another note on my car.  It was in the same handwriting as before.  I unfolded it and looked at it again.  It said, “His will be done.”
I dropped it as if it were a hot bag of potato pieces double-fried in dead animal fat.  While I searched under the car for it, I reflected on my reaction.  I was really very overworked. It might be better to call my frame of mind extreme burnout.  I over-reacted to everything that happened to me.  Take this morning for example.  Please.  I made it to the bathroom sink and then fell asleep with my toothbrush in my mouth.  I woke up when I slithered down the cabinet and my head hit the basin, knocking the toothbrush down my throat.  After a few minutes of frantic retrieval, I finally removed it successfully and covered it with toothpaste.  However, I squeezed the tube too hard, and most of it ended up as a glob all over my fingers.  I was very paranoid by then.  Sleep was after me.  My toothbrush was the enemy and the toothpaste was out to get me.
Naturally, by the time I found the note, I took it as a threat.  Of course, it’s really an archaic fragment of prayer.  However, this note came from a thief who may have intended to bankrupt the church and also cause anarchy in the world.  I had convinced myself that the anarchist had been bragging to me in the first note.  This meant the anarchist may have had psychotic tendencies.  He had a desire to do harm to the world, but also wanted to taunt me with it.
This person had shown the intention of inflicting cold-blooded and hot-blooded harm.  Cold-blooded harm was planning and working behind the scenes to orchestrate some event.  Murland and his crew attempted to deceive us with their every breath.  Sometimes, they actually believed what they reported, but other times they knew that what they said was a fabrication.  Could the public ever really be sure about what was true and what was not?  How would you check whether something was truthful?  Where could you go?  Even if one goes to a building where all information was stored, some sort of library, if you will, and even if you won’t, the facts coulc be false or slanted to favor the special interest publishers or paid advertisers and sponsors.  Why would someone want to slant the truth?  Isn’t the truth to be strived for despite the consequences?  In Murland’s mind, no.  The “little” facts didn’t mattered to him.  What mattered was his agenda, his final truth.
Hot-blooded harm was not as deceptive.  Hot-bloodedness or anger happened whenever someone who was very frustrated let herself express rage.  When people directly hurt someone, they knew that what they were doing was wrong, but the emotion prevents them from stopping.
Victims of deception, by the definition of deception, often don’t know that they were victims.  How could they care about something that they don’t even know exists?  The deception may have only a marginal effect on their lives, so even if they did know about it, they may still think that it wasn’t such a big deal.  To some degree we were all victims of this.
Victims of rage knew that they were victims.  It was hard not to notice being assaulted, robbed, or even murdered.  Oops, you were trying to chop off my head, but I didn’t notice it because my favorite show was coming on TV.  One person at a time, this didn’t have much of an effect on us.  It is too piece-meal.  We were not all victims at the same time, only a few of us.  However, this was the type of harm that we worry most about.  If you were the unfortunate one who happened to be watching TV and didn’t notice that someone was breaking into your house to chop off your head, then you lost everything at once.  It was easier to worry about the remote chance of personal harm than marginal harm through deception.
What does it mean when someone inflicts cold-blooded and hot-blooded harm?  It probably meant that they intended to deceive, but that I frustrated them and so they needed to express their anger.  I was more concerned about being hurt than being deceived.
Someone had come to think of me as his enemy.  He felt that I was personally attacking him.  It could have been that I interacted with him at the Seminary.  It didn’t take much for a psychotic to find an enemy.  He could have simply learned of my involvement in the case through the news.
Actually, it was easy for a lunatic to identify an enemy.  He picked the person closest to him, usually someone everyone else ignores, but who spoke clearly to him alone in language no one else understood.  He could, of course, misinterpret and respond in ways that drive the victim crazy.  The best examples of these lunatics are Holy Psycho-logists.  They manipulate their victims into believing they are mentally ill when in reality they are merely thinking logically and resisting brainwashing.  If Holy Psychos latch onto victims, they never let go because of their student loans and ego problems.
“His will be done,” could be read in two ways.  First, it could be read as “Be happy because God’s wish for happiness will be fulfilled.”  That was what most people meant when they said it.  In the mind of a psychotic, religious-fanatic, it could have also meant “Neal Harris is not following the will of God because God desires a return to anarchy.  God’s wishes must be followed, so will I warn Neal to follow God’s will.  If he doesn’t, I must do everything I can do to satisfy God’s will.”  It was the second interpretation that had me worried.


* * * * *


Chapter 13

Elliot Seminary was swollen with the mid-day crowd of gawkers and believers when I walked to my next meeting.  I was cautious because I wasn’t sure what might pop into the mind of a psychotic.  It was hard to avoid staying away from all of the crowds.
I tried walking around the groups that had congregated by walking on the lawn.  I walked past the loners standing and sitting by alone themselves.
On the other hand, I thought maybe I should have walked through the congregations of believers.  They might have taunted me, but it’s unlikely they would mob me.
I walked through a crowd of gawkers.  You could call them a congregation of unbelievers.  How do I know they were gawkers?  They looked to be the only congregation that knew what they were doing.  They had brought coolers, lawn chairs and wore sunglasses and sunhats.  Nobody said anything to me, but I could see that they recognized me.  They became silent and all of their eyes followed me.  An older woman wearing a sunbonnet said, “George, get the camera out quick.”  Then she snapped a photo of me.  I wasn’t sure if I was supposed to smile.  If I smiled it could show that I was happy that they cared, or I could come off looking like I had a demonic grin.  If I didn’t smile, I could always pretend that I was surprised.  Oh, I didn’t know I was supposed to smile.  I swear I didn’t see the sun-bonneted woman quickly waddling to get in front of me.  However, that could also look demonic.  They might have thought I was too plagued with images of roosters in my head that I couldn’t manage a good smile.
Next, I walked through a congregation of believers that looked like non-Assembly Simpletons.  A few of them said, “We love you” or “Ralph loves you.”  I took that from the psychotic mentality too, because “We love you” isn’t what they meant to say.  What they meant was, “We hate you.”  I knew that they were non-Assemblics because if they were Assemblics they would have worn a full vial of poison around their necks.  This was to symbolize that just as Ralph was willing to sacrifice himself for the Assembly were they.
The reform denominations all wore either an empty vial or a miniature symbol of a vial.  Some progressive denominations said it’s simply not practical to carry what is essentially a loaded weapon of poison around your neck.  Most denominations rationalized that the vial is a symbol of Ralph’s Ultimate sacrifice: Death by poison.  An empty vial didn’t represent a weapon, but rather that a sacrifice had already been made for them.
I saw a “what would Ralph do” (WWRD) button on one of them and thought that Ralph would most definitely go home and take a nap.  I wished that they would do that.
With relief, I walked toward a congregation of Assemblics.  Although the Mother Assembly had its share of Simpletons, they weren’t as dominant as in other denominations because the High Sire and his council looked down on the Simplistic movement.
As I approached them, a young woman stepped forward and said, “You are bringing us disgrace.  For the good of the church, please resign.  We have petitioned the district’s Arch-Sire Pica to remove you.  It would be easier for you to just leave now.”
I wasn’t worried.  My line of authority didn’t go through the Temple organization structure.  As Mr. Murland pointed out, the Insurance group reported to the Sacred Recluse directly.  My supervisors had nothing to complain about.  Like me, they did not have theological training.  We were just lay-people.  In fact, many SRSIG agents were not even Assemblic.  Most of us were hired for our skills in claims adjusting, negotiating of actuarial science.
I doubt that the High Sire would have wanted to micromanage us.  Once you set the precedent for interference, you can’t step back from it.  We would feel the need to get his opinion on every decision before it’s made.  We could do little more than go on lunch break without getting his approval.  He wouldn’t want that either because his job would become too difficult.

My meeting was with the Bowers.  The Order of Reverence and Truth, a modern order.  It was only a couple hundred years old.  It wasn’t formed by an act of the Hire Sire or his council.  It started as a social organization founded to promote respect for each other.  This was demonstrated in their bows and in their incessant talking to arrive at the truth.
Their fundamental belief was that God is truth.  He is the absolute truth.  They must do everything they can to approach the absolute truth.  Therefore, nothing that shields themself from the truth was allowed.
For example, Silence is a lie.  Whenever you politely bite your tongue to remain silent, you lie by not revealing your thoughts.  To get at the truth, you must never remain silent because you can never explain truth with silence.
The Bowers resolved to say the truth no matter how offensive.  However, to show that they did this out of respect to God and you, they bowed first.  Members of the order must maintain the lack of silence even when alone.  Therefore, it is much more efficient to travel in groups because only one member needs to talk at any one time.  Even while sleeping, they maintain sound.  Their choirs have around-the-clock chanting shifts to keep their chambers full of sound.
Since the order started as a social organization, its membership was open to both sexes.  I walked in and greeted their council with a bow.  The Bower committee appeared to consist of about two dozen women and one man.  The man appeared to be napping in a chair at the back as the sisters chattered at various places around the room.  They didn’t have a typical garb like most orders, but wore street clothes for most occasions.
We met in a classroom that had a podium and several rows of seats.  The normal meeting room would have been too tight for this large of group.
Standing near the front podium, I introduced myself and said I had several questions for them.
A sister bowed and greeted me.
“You are right on time.  I like to see punctuality in people.  It shows that you take us seriously.”  
Quickly without a pause for me to speak a second sister bowed.
“Yes, but it is better to be at engagements early.  If you don’t plan on being early then any unexpected circumstances would make you late,” she said.
A third sister bowed.
“I think we have to give Mr. Harris credit for being here on time, may we call you Neal?” she asked.
The first sister bowed.
“Yes, he is here,” she said.
A fourth sister bowed.
“Yes, he’s here.”
Another one bowed.
“He’s certainly here, but why are we here?”
Bow, “Because the other room was too small.”
Bow, “But this room isn’t very conductive to a meeting.”
Bow, “It’s certainly not.”
Bow, “The room has a strong sense of hierarchy to it.  All of the authority comes from the front of the room.”
Bow, “That works fine for a lecture, but it doesn’t make sense for a meeting.”
Bow, “A proper meeting room should have space for all gathered to sit as equals.”
Bow, “I think Neal should be in the front and we should be seated in chairs.”
Bow, “Yes, that may be most practical since he came to ask us questions.”
Bow, “I respect your opinion, but I disagree.  Letting him take the podium grants him more subliminal power over us in what should an equal setting.”
Bow, “If he also sat at the desks he couldn’t face us very well.  We would all be facing the same way.”
Bow, “At least that would represent equality, we would all be the same.”
Bow, “That’s not very conductive to conversation.  We won’t be able to see each other’s bows or see who is talking.”
Bow, “Another problem is who would sit in the front row versus that back?”
Bow, “We could rotate during every one quarter of the projected meeting time.”
Bow, “Wonderful.”
Bow, “I have an idea.  What if we all stood around the edge of the room and faced center?  We would all be facing a common focal point in the center.”
Bow, “No, we have too many frail members in the council.”
Bow, “You’re right.  Sister Veronica would likely die of exhaustion if it was a very long meeting.”
Bow, “I would willingly lay down my life for the equity in this meeting,” Sister Veronica said.
Bow, “Ralph Bless you.”
Bow, “I have another idea.  We could defuse the hierarchal power-flow of the room by having Neal do something embarrassing while standing in front.”
Bow, “But what could we have him do?”
Bow, “I haven’t thought of that part yet.”
Bow, “He could stand in the buff.”
Bow, “Sister, Please use the word ‘naked.’  ‘Buff’ is a slang word and so it is a lie.  It suggests something without saying it clearly.”
Bow, “Fine.  He should stand naked in front of us.”
Bow, “He needn’t be completely naked.  I think that stripping to underclothes would sufficiently embarrass him to equalize the flow of the room.”
Bow, “I think we may be asking too much of him.”
Bow, “Yes, you’re right. It’s not in his job description to strip his clothes off.”
Bow, “Not only that, but he may have embarrassing physical features, such as scars.”
Bow, “In that case he is using his clothes as a lie.  There are valid reasons to wear clothes such as for warmth; but otherwise he should take them off to show us.”
Bow, “If we close our eyes then he could maintain privacy while being naked.”
Bow, “How would we know that he is truly naked and not faking it?”
Bow, “Closing our eyes would be a lie.  We would just be using another way to veil the truth.”
Bow, “If we were all naked or stripped to our underclothes then we would all be equally embarrassed.  He wouldn’t have to worry about being the only one.”
Bow, “True, but then that would nullify our goal of equalizing the hierarchy of the room.  We would have to come up with something additional that would embarrass him more than us.
Bow, “I can’t think of anything”
Bow, “Nor can I.”
Bow, “Neal, what is your opinion on this?”
“I thank you for your time. You have answered all of my questions indirectly,” I said.
One sister bowed.
“You’re welcome,” she said.  Then the committee left chatting along the way.
Another said, “will” meaning the ‘will of God be done’ on the way out.
I responded, “Will.”  The man was still asleep at the back of the room.  I went back and roused him.
“They have all left without you,” I said.
“Who?  Is class over?”  He looked at his watch.
“I’m late for my next nap.”  He got up and ran out.
The sisters from the Bowers had answered the questions I had in my head.  They weren’t the questions that I would have tried to politely ask.  I would have tried to politely find out if they took the Talisman themselves or if they had any information about others whom they suspected.
For the first question, I was convinced from their conversation that they would have been incapable of taking the Talisman.  How could their ruling committee ever organize anything?  I’d grant them that they could make such a decision, but then how could they ever pull it off?  The committee would still be standing there today debating whether they should all lift the Talisman out of the reliquary together or whether someone should be appointed to do it.
For the second question, I doubted that they had any helpful information.  Their violent truthfulness and need to say everything would have prevented them from trying not to reveal any relevant information they had.  It wasn’t worth standing in front of them naked to confirm what I knew, though there was something that was said that made me think I should go back to the temple.  One word was said that made me begin to suspect someone.  Words are very powerful even though they are just vibration of the air.  That one word was made of one syllable and three simple sounds.  The word was “will.”

It reminded me of the last time someone had given me a blessing.  It was when I was leaving Professor D’Verbose’s office.  On the way out he said, “His will be done.”  I thought it was an archaic way to give a blessing.
That was exactly what the note on my windshield had threatened.  Had his devotion to the Holy Talisman made him feel possessive of it?  In his mind, did everyone’s lack of understanding of the Talisman defeat its purpose?   I believed the words he used were, abuse would “Nullify its holiness.”  He certainly wouldn’t want God’s will to be nullified.  Did he think he needed to take the Holy Talisman to protect it?
He looked physically stressed over the Talisman’s loss.  His skin was pale and his posture was tense and crooked.  I had seen him wring his hands several times.  Was it just a show?  However, he could’ve been stressed even if he were the one who took it.  He could’ve been worried about getting caught or he could have had second thoughts.
Could he have pulled it off?  I was not sure why he would want to put on a disappearing act.  People would come and ask if it was being cleaned or studied if it just vanished.  A dramatic show directed suspicion away from him.
Could he even put on a show?  I didn’t think that if he was acting alone he could do it, but possibly with help he could.  Murland would have access to the technology to put on a show.  He knew of traditions surrounding the Holy Talisman and what would be most believable by fervent observers.
As I walked to the Temple, I thought once again about the theatrics that it would take to pull off a convincing miracle.  To convince me, I would need to see a spirit reach down and lift out the Talisman.  The Hand of God could have been made using a holographic projector and the Talisman could have been levitated using magnetic levitation.  If the holographic “Hand of God” lifted the talisman out of the reliquary, then where would it go?  If it was lifted up to the ceiling, people might still be able to see it.  Someone might say, “Look!  God has proclaimed that from now on the Holy Talisman should be hanging from the rafters to symbolize that God is always above us.”
If they levitated the Talisman and floated it out of the door someone might say, “God is taking the Talisman for a walk.  Let’s walk along and see where he goes.”
No, there were too many problems with that.  If everyone thought that the Talisman was still in its reliquary, then only its hologram needed to be seen.  The hologram of the hand and the Talisman could float up and fade away.  That reduced the number of advanced technologies that needed to be used.  These technologies were expensive and hard for an average person to get their hands on.  Half the technology meant half the effort.
There were probably many places that someone could hide projection equipment in the Temple.  The Temple had many coves and knaves, organ pipes, and exposed beams and rafters.  Would it be likely that the equipment would still be there?  It was unlikely, but it would be negligent of me not to look.  Was it possible that when things got hectic afterwards, there hadn’t been a good time for D’Verbose, Murland’s crew or whomever to retrieve it?
I walked into the temple and saw that there was some activity going on. Brownies seemed to be conducting a ritual. They were mostly gathered around the altar.
At first, I tried not to interfere, but a few of the youngest Brownies standing close to me at the back of the temple saw me and came over.  I tried to look busy, but that didn’t work.  I didn’t have anything to do.
After a minute, one of them said to me, “Please remove your shoes.”  
I saw that they were all without shoes.  A pile of shoes were outside the Temple gallery in its lobby.  I took off my shoes and put them there.  My naked feet felt cold and embarrassed against the floor.  Sometimes I wondered if that was the true purpose of Holiness, to strip a person of their clothes, possessions, and dignity in order to control their thoughts.  I wasn’t thinking about religion at that moment or Ralph or the Holy Talisman.  All that was on my mind were my feet and how cold and uncomfortable they were without their protective coverings.  Who knew what I was going to step on or in without a barrier between the floors and me.  What if it was sharp and cut me? What if it was unsanitary and infected me?  What if it was against my beliefs and confused me?
Yes, taking off one’s shoes left one open to countless indignities of both the mind and body.  I heard a story once of a man who was forced to remove his shoes before his wedding.  His bride-to-be wanted to inspect his feet to see if he had danced at any pre-nuptial parties with women of dubious character.  A hush had fallen over the crowd since such a ritual was done in public to insure optimum humiliation should a transgression have occurred.  The unfortunate groom had, under the influence of an illegal substance called Gamma hydroxybutyrate, danced quite violently with a female of highly dubious character as they both fervently prayed, “Oh God, Oh God, Oh Ralph, Oh Ralph.”
The story continues that the groom’s name was also Ralph, coincidentally a local politician, thereby fooling at least part of his voting constituency that they were, indeed, praying and not dancing.  Although they were observed to have been holding hands during the dance, the groom’s commitment to matrimony the following day left him free of guilt to indulge in whatever pleasures he may find since matrimony would kill those indulgences forever.
Confident that he would pass the Naked Foot Test administered to all marriage hopefuls, he had removed his shoes and stood his ground.
Unfortunately, the woman with whom he had “dabbled in dance” the night before had not had the commitment to matrimony and had, therefore, a blemish of indisputable origin on her instep which had transferred during the dance to the groom’s pinkie.
The bride had shrieked in horror when she saw the tell-tale mark of dance dalliance, thus ending the engagement and postponing any re-engagement until the known-to-be indelible blemish was healed.  The groom was denied entrance to all the dance establishments in the town until he was able to document by a statement of integrity by a Blood and Guts Medical Authority that he was no longer a source of contamination to the common good.
Unfortunately, since it was well known that the words “integrity” and “medical” could not appear on the same document because of conflict of interest, the bride was carried out shrieking her anger and disappointment and the groom was banished from the area.
Worried, I looked down at my own naked feet, but then remembered that I had not shared a dance since the last time I was shoeless.  I relaxed and was glad to comply with the religion of the moment.  It was best not to ask questions, but to simply follow their tradition.  I really wasn’t considering doing it out of respect.  I was merely interested in expediency.
It was no big deal to remove my shoes.  However, removing all of my clothes would be too much to put up with.  I had never heard of removing your shoes while in a temple.  There were a lot of weird traditions in the Assembly.  Let’s face it.  If you gathered a group of people who had strong beliefs, then they would eventually develop well-meaning traditions.  The traditions helped them worship.  It was a system that had worked since the beginning of recorded and unrecorded time.
Over time, the tradition would continue and the meaning would be lost.  The tradition itself would become more important.  It would be beyond the capabilities of one lay person such as myself to bring some sense back to the traditions.  The Hire Sire had the authority and power to act.  However, he may have felt that too much change too quickly would break the Assembly.
Suddenly, I heard scraping sounds that came from the front of the temple.  I wondered what weird ritual they were doing.  I hoped it wasn’t painful.  One never knows with religion when mental or physical anguish will be required to produce the desired devout behavior.
It occurred to me that a ritual would be a perfect ruse for removing holographic projection equipment.  They were taking it right from under my nose.  They would be laughing together later about how deceived me.
I took a few steps towards the front of the temple.  It occurred to me that an exclusive ritual was an even better ruse for removing evidence. The Brownies blocked me from going further.
“Don’t go down there,” one of them said.
“Why? What are they doing?” I asked.
“Not much,” said the Brownie.  I heard some more scraping and a “pop” sound.
“Then you won’t care if I go up there and do not much, too.”  I made a motion to pass them, but they stayed still. I couldn’t easily go across to another aisle without disturbing the people praying there.
The Brownie stared at me.
“You don’t want to go up there,” he said.
“Yes.  I want to see what’s going on.  I have every right.”
“There is nothing for you to see up there.”  It was like he was trying to use a Jedi mind trick on me.  Honestly, these new recruits had watched too much television.  Their attraction to their brotherhood was partly because they thought they were going to learn magical rites that were kept secret from the public.
“Your place is here,” he said.
“My place is here,” I said.
“You haven’t heard anything unusual.”
“I haven’t heard anything unusual.”
“You have no concerns.”
“I have no concerns.”
“You are very relaxed.”
“I am very relaxed.”
“It’s been a long day and you could sleep now.”
“It’s been a long day and I could sleep now.”
“Your eyes are heavy.”
“My eyes are heavy.”  
I could barely hide my amusement.  It was really working.  They actually believed that their mind control affected me.  I tried not to smile.  How easy to fool the devout.  I didn’t think it was because they were godly or that their work was godly.  I thought it was easy to fool them because they were ungodly.  To my way of thinking, if they were godly, they would have true power.  Why, you may ask?  Or you may not, but bear with me here.  If they were godly, they would give the power of transformation to their God.  Then their God would appear to the troubled person and save him.  No intermediary would be involved, certainly not the religious zealot who had foregone education and enlightenment for blind subservience to a deity that they had molded to fit their whims.  They reminded me of religious gnomes.  Like those in the Magic Kingdom, their small stature in relation to the deity mirrored their need to be superior to those who have taller attributes, such as kindness, knowledge, and beauty.  The religious gnomes were ungodly.  The reason?  Because they thought they had the power to be the God themselves.  They not only try to holier-than-Holy, but also intend to channel the god-force.
Yet, their reaction to my “mind control” of me was laughable.
First, they were surprised at my response, but now they were getting too confident.
They relaxed and parted slightly.  I dashed through them and up the center aisle of the Temple.  The young guards were probably right behind me.
Just as I reached the front of the Temple, my pursuers’ hands clasped on my shoulders, but they were too late.  I could see what the Brownies were doing.  They were prying up floor tiles from around the altar.
The Brownie patriarch, who was only a mid-aged man, looked up and sighed.  He waved away my new friends, the Jedi Knights.
I was relieved to see I hadn’t caught the Talisman thieves covering their trails.  I hadn’t really thought through what I would do if I caught them.  I might have said, “Stop or I’ll sue you.”
Pulling up floor tiles was mild vandalism.  It’s benign compared to the theft of a priceless object.  Yet I was confused.  Why would someone rip up floor tiles?  Was redecoration of the Temple their penance for letting the Talisman be taken?
“No one ever gives us the respect we deserve.  We are a new order, a splinter from one of the oldest, most established orders,” the Patriarch said.
I was beginning to wonder what this all had to do with redecorating.
“On the Sacred Recluse Council our seat is non-voting.  The Creams always get whatever they want by convincing all of the other old-line orders that they need to stick together.  We never get rulings in our favor unless the old-line orders are split and we happen to be on the winning side,” he continued.
I didn’t want to interrupt someone whose goons had nearly removed me from the building a minute ago, but where was all this going?  
“And the tiles?” I prompted.
“They surely would have disregarded the Order Equity Act and taken the Holy Tiles themselves.”
“The ‘Holy’ Tiles?” I asked.
“Yes, God has manifested himself here.  Everything here seethes with holiness because it has been in the presence of God.  Each tile, bench, candle and light bulb is now a priceless holy relic.
“Under the Order Equity Act, all new holy relics should be distributed to each group proportionate to their membership.  The Creams would undoubtedly find some way to deprive us of our share.
“Even if we did get our share, they would find some way to cheat us.  They might give us tiles from the floor at the back which is less holy or they may give us tiles that were obstructed by pillars or benches from viewing God.”
I nodded, not because I agreed with them, but in an attempt to show sympathy.
“The only way that I could guarantee that we would get our fair share was to act on our own,” he continued.
I was able to remove one group of suspects from my list. If the Brownies had taken the Talisman, they wouldn’t have had a need for the tiles and they wouldn’t have easily convinced themselves that everything was holy.
I struggled with how to get them to stop pulling the tiles.  I could tell the Seminary to post guards.  That might be only a temporary solution until they decided who was to get what tiles.  They might need the guards soon anyway to keep away souvenir hunters.
There should be something simpler to keep this beautiful Temple intact.  I thought about lying that I saw the janitor come through with a stripper.  The Janitor had washed away the surface of the tiles that had seen God.  The tiles were no longer holy.  What about the light bulbs?  They were changed that morning and thrown away to prepare for the Feast of the Sacrifice celebration.  What about the Altar decoration, the light fixtures themselves, and the benches?  There were just too many lies that would have had to been told.  It would become an unbelievable coincidence that all of that would have been changed in the last two days.  If any one of my lies were disproved, then the temple would have come crashing down.
The Patriarch was looking at me quizzically to see how I would respond to him.
I tried this one, “As mere humans we are not capable of judging what is holy and what is not.  The tiles you’ve pulled up may have already been so defiled by people walking on them that they no longer are holy.  The only person who can make such a judgment is the Hire Sire.  Until then, please leave everything intact.”
It seemed to dishearten the Patriarch to think that the holiness could have already been lost.  They gathered up their tools and left.  I had a quick look at the remnants of the Temple before leaving.
I planned to keep my word to seek a ruling from the Hire Sire.  If I really wanted an answer, the quickest way to get a response would have been to send an email to the Sacred Recluse.  I’d go through normal channels which meant asking my boss, who would ask his boss, who....  If the plea wasn’t lost or forgotten, then maybe the response would be delayed so long that no one even remembered why we needed to know the answer.

That night I dreamt about lemonade stands.  A boy said, “Lemonade, $5 a cup.”  At first, I wasn’t thirsty.  Then, when he repeated it, I suddenly became parched.  I knew that only lemonade could quench my need.  I yearned for the sweet, sour, and lemony flavor of lemonade.
Then, lemonade stands were in front of every house.  I could not look away from them.  I couldn’t get away either.  A girl said, “We accept cash or credit,” but I had forgotten my wallet.
Then a boy held up a syringe and said, “We accept blood, tissue donation, and signing over your soul.”  I turned and ran, but every face was his.
Then for no reason I was home.  My mom held a pair of gloves.  She held them toward me and said, “Here, try these on.”  But I turned away.  I wasn’t ready.
Then she became Professor D’Verbose.  Deviously, he said, “This is all God’s plan.  Don’t fight it.”  Then he wore the comb of the Rooster on his head and Angela was in his arms.  She was not aware of what was happening.
“Angela!”  I screamed which woke me up.


* * * * *


Chapter 14

Last night’s dream disturbed me more than I thought it would.  I couldn’t forget it.  What did it mean to have gloves and Angela in the same nightmare?  Did I lust for her fingertips on my mine?  Did I want to hold her hand in the worst possible way?
I found it hard to work.  The distractions were coming fast and furious.  I thought about Angela, Brownies, Creams, Holy Talismen, gnomes.  They moved in a widening gyre of garish faces, especially Angela’s, which suddenly looked like that of the currently-seated President of the now defunct United States of America.  It had been a great and powerful nation until ungodly old men had seized it in a feeding frenzy in the name of even more ungodly old men.  Even after the country had died in the Greatest Depression of All Time and had been reduced to a dust mop of hood-wearing zealots who swept into the central valley of California to continue their scripture missionary work, the currently-seated President had re-seated himself for endless rule.
Ordinarily, things like that didn’t bother me.  What difference did the suffering of humanity make to an insurance salesman?  No difference at all.  Statistics, my friend, that’s what it’s all about.  Statistics, mathematics.  They are so unambiguous.  They are sciences.  Pure.  Easy to hide in.
Before I went in to meet with the Cream Patriarch, I wanted to write an addendum to the Seminary’s facilities policy covering holy tiles.  I hoped to avoid creating new feuds that could further fracture the Mother Assembly.  What names for the orders would they come up with next?  Imitation Brownie or an Imitation Cream?  How about an Imitation Brownie Lite or an Imitation Cream Lactose-Free.
The office was mostly quiet.  Everyone was working at his or her desk except Ted.  He seemed to be wandering around aimlessly from room to room.  It was best to ignore him.
“…files thrown out…,” Ted muttered.
He was in my office.  I looked up, but he wasn’t talking to me.  I went back to work.  The problems with the Seminary’s missing policy were that it might not have had an act of God clause and might have had no cap on benefits.
“…Janitor…,” Ted muttered.
A cap was absolutely necessary on priceless objects.  Even if a value could be assigned to priceless artworks, it was entirely speculation to guess how much the art has appreciated since its last sale.
You could have any clauses you wanted in an insurance policy.  You would just have to be willing to pay for them.
“…hidden…,” Ted muttered.
Normally we wouldn’t have charged very much for leaving out the clause “Acts of God not covered.”  This was because natural disaster and actual Acts of God were rare.  However, if God was going to get in the habit of actively interfering in the world, then we would have to start charging more for that coverage.
I drafted one addendum covering Acts of God and one not covering it.  According to actuarial science if we expected an insured object to be lost, stolen or damaged about once every one hundred years then, there was a one percent chance that there would be a claim in any year.  The Insurance Group’s expected payable claim each year would then average to one percent of its value.  The rate that we would quote them would be one percent of the injured value plus our mark up for overhead to manage the account.
Over the one hundred and fifty years that the Talisman had been at the Seminary they had never had any problems.  That’s a very low claim rate.  We could assume that they would stay responsible stewards of their possessions.  I could put a clause in the policy that SRSIG had the right to revoke the policy if we started to take a bath on the claims.
Dishonest?  Not really.  We had to survive, didn’t we?
Ted must have been in the other room because I heard Opal talking to him, “Ted.  Is your hearing aid on?”
I laughed so loudly, I’m sure Opal must have heard me.  It made me laugh because I wasn’t sure if he still had it.  His hearing aid had been recalled after an investigation by an Old People consumer group had found that the microwaves in the hearing aid had caused his garage door to malfunction, thereby killing his cat.  He had to pay for a new hearing aid and the hearing aid company sued him for owning a cat.  Their lawyers told Ted that he had cost the hearing aid people a rise in their insurance premiums and he was responsible for paying them.  They garnished his wages and forced him to pay Hearing Aid Company support.  He also had to sign an agreement in front of witnesses and a Rotary Club member with an official stamp that he, Ted, would never own a cat again.  Then, he had to apologize.
I called Angela to see if I could talk to her about the case after I met with the Creams.
“It might not work out today.  Frost stopped in to ask where you were and when you were expected back.  I think he wants to show you something,” she said.
“That’s fine.  I have some revised policies to discuss with him,” I said.


* * * * *


Chapter 15

The news trucks were still gathered at the Seminary.  There seemed to be a larger than usual gathering around the CUB affiliate truck.  Murland was there in-person.
Murland must have had some personal interest in this case.  The day before, he had given that entertaining radio commentary and today he was here to stir the pot himself.
Some of his Psychotic Friends Network groupies saw me and ran over to give me the season’s blessings.  The young men didn’t say anything.  They just followed and taunted me with, “cock-a-doodle-do.”
Most of the other taunts were unreasonable.  I could prove to myself that they were just mistaken.  They were just emotion and they were very effective at making me want to lash out.  Finally, I reached the door and the psychotics gave one last, “cock-a-doodle-doo” and a laugh.
The meeting with the Cream Patriarch would be very predictable.  I intended to ask, “Do you have any information about the Holy Talisman’s disappearance?”
Then he would respond, “I think we all know which group would want it the most.”
“Which group?” I would say.
Implying the Jedi Knights, he would say, “I don’t want to point fingers, but the newcomers have the most to gain from upsetting the power structure.”
“Do you have any evidence of foul play?”
            “No, but it’s obvious that they have the greatest motive.”
I should have considered other options because that’s not the conversation that happened.  It didn’t happen that way because of what I found from my web search just before I left.  I was curious about Professor D’Verbose’s past and I wasn’t sure who at the Seminary could have given me an unbiased appraisal of him.
D’Verbose had been at the Pompeii Institution of Technology until ten years ago.  P.I.T had an exceptional reputation in applied technology.  If anyone had access to the best research quality holographic projection lasers, it would be his friends at P.I.T.
The History Department at P.I.T. was not very distinguished.  Its main purpose was to provide just enough depth to the technologists so that they could graduate.  The History Department web page listed some of their recent research projects.  “Recent” was a relative term.  It meant “as far back as we could remember” when you were trying to stretch the truth.
Among the “recent” projects were:  “The Exciting History of the Pen from Goose Quill to Retractable,” “Attila the Hun, Founder of Modern Phlegalistic Thought,” “What if it had not rained at Waterloo, Would the Napoleon Pastry have replaced the Doughnut Industry?” “Collecting the Rich Oral History of the Brotherhood of the Meek and Humble.”  I wondered if D’Verbose had participated in the research or had met the Cream Patriarch.  The Talisman had probably been his research focus just since he had been here at the Seminary.
As the Talisman’s curator, he would have looked at all documents, such as insurance policies that pertained to the Talisman.  Maybe when he had read it, then he hatched his plan to destroy all of the competing orders through bankruptcy.  It would only work if the policy didn’t have an Act of God clause and had no cap on the value.
The only way his plan could have failed would have been if someone else found the policy first, understood its implications and honorably destroyed it.  By destroying it, the SRSIG would have had to reach a payment through a reasonable settlement.
If D’Verbose stole the policy, then he could have produced it later and said he had forgotten he had it.  That would protect it from others.  He probably could have had the same effect just by photocopying it.  Possibly, in the heat of the moment, he didn’t think of that or thought that a photocopy would have less weight than the original.
It could have been just coincidence that P.I.T. had worked with the Creams.  It didn’t seem like it was a believable coincidence.  There were too many coincidences.  Maybe D’Verbose’s plan wasn’t set until he talked to the Cream Patriarch.
“You won’t believe the unusual clause that is in the Holy Talisman’s policy.  If it disappears by Act of God then it’s covered at its full priceless value,” D’Verbose would say to the Patriach.
“I wonder what would happen if it really did disappear by an Act of God,” the Patriarch would say.
“Disaster for the church.  We’d be taken back to the stone age.”
Maybe the Patriarch misunderstood.  “That would be a pity.  None of these usurping newcomers would be around.”  Maybe he had understood and felt it was the only way to rid themselves of their foe.  If the old times prevailed again, then the Creams’ old ways would be necessary again and they would find a way to be reborn.
My first comment to the Patriarch wasn’t “Do you have any info…” 
I said, “Dr. Cornelius D’Verbose says ‘Hi.’”
The Patriarch nodded and smiled.  If he had said, “huh?” because he didn’t know the Professor, then I could politely ask that he excuse me for being confused.  It was a risk for me to try to trick him.  If he had said, “huh?” because he was playing dumb, then I wouldn’t have known anything more than before.  I risked tipping them off that I knew about them.  I had to take some risks because I knew so little and needed to know more to prove anything.
I hadn’t planned far enough ahead to know what to ask next.  The Patriarch filled in the silence with a brief history of how they knew each other from his work at P.I.T., but that they had lost contact after that.  The Patriarch had heard he was at Elliot Seminary, but hadn’t been by to see him.  He could have been covering his tracks by saying that they were out of touch.  The Patriarch might have assumed that it, was already public knowledge that he knew the Professor.  Therefore, he had to admit it but could try to downplay the connection between them.
Was it possible that I could trick him again?  I lied.
“The insurance policy on the Talisman seems to be straight-forward.”
The Patriarch nodded agreeably.
“There are no complications in SRSIG fulfilling its commitments,” I said.
The Patriarch gave a little yawn.  He was doing a good job pretending to be indifferent.  It would have been too easy for me to solve this if he appeared shocked by what I said and then he said, “You liar,” or “D’Verbose has tricked us, too.”
It was pointless to have asked him if D’Verbose had asked his opinion on the implication of the Talisman disappearance because the Patriarch had said he hadn’t talked with him for years.  If I asked too many questions about D’Verbose, he would see that I was suspicious.
If I had known the right questions to ask, I might have gotten more out of him.  I tried to mislead him.
“The policy seems straightforward, so I’m just trying to understand the Talisman more, and why it is so highly regarded,” I said.
“It is really one of the mysteries of the Assembly.  Its history and healing powers are fairly well known since about 200 A.R.  One thing I’ve found fascinating is that before 200 A.R. there are no records of it healing.  In fact, until it appears in the Order of Preacher’s hands little is known about it.  The church was in such great upheaval before then that there are few records of the era.  The Assembly was fighting for its existence and dominance over the other sects and religions of the times.  The Assembly had no sense of stability or permanence until around that time,” the Patriarch said.
“That’s very enlightening,” I said.  I was the one lying about having learned anything from him.  What kind of an explanation had phrases in it like “no records”, “little is known”, “few records”, and “no sense”?  There was nothing further I could ask him.  I thanked him and left.

I was walking to the administrative building and started down the hall to the President’s office when I saw sister Camila-Beatrice coming down the hall from the other end.  There weren’t any open rooms to slip into, but there was a long tapestry on the wall.  I hid behind it.
I didn’t want to expose myself too much to Bea for fear that she might have remembered the last time I had exposed myself.  Her transgressions were forgiven when she took vows.  I didn’t need any more controversy around me.  It shouldn’t have been that big of a deal, but Murland would certainly make as much of it as he could.
I waited a few moments then came out from behind it.  Bea was gone, but Angela was right there walking from her office.
She saw me.
“Did you find the label on that one?  It might be the same maker as the drapes,” she said.
Then she walked on, a motion I found particularly interesting as I watched her moving down the hall.
I sighed as I heard President Frost call my name.  He must have been waiting for me.  There were several people in his office.
“Ms. Wilde said you would be here around now,” he said.
She was getting to know me very well.  Not that I minded.
The President continued.
“She told me that we might need more proof that the Holy Talisman had a priceless value, so I’ve brought in some of the people that it has cured within the last year.”
That explained the people in his office.  They were from all walks of life.   The first one came forward.  He was elderly and quite feeble.
“This gentleman had severe arthritis, but it has been cured,” 
I reached to shake his hand.
He said, “Ouch.”
I jumped. “Sorry, what’s wrong?”
“Arthritis.”
“I thought it was cured.”
“Yes, but only in my left knee.  That’s where it was the worst.  The Talisman also cleared up the ugly rash around my Johnson.”
“Oh.”  I thought maybe I should forgo the hand shaking.
Going to the next person was a young woman with a red nose.
“She was allergic to Pollen,” the President said.
“I’ve been cured all winter.  Ach-choo.  Excuse me.  In October, I prayed to God to lift this curse from me and it was gone,” the woman said.
The next person was a middle aged man.
“He had a bad heart,” the President said.
“The doctor said I had a sick heart.  I was doubtful of my faith, but I believe after seeing everyone else that was cured.  I feel so much better now.  I feel like I could run a marathon,” the man said.
“I had a terrible case of the flu.  I was vomiting and had diarrhea.  I was sure it was colon cancer.  I prayed to the Holy Talisman and by the next day I was feeling 100% better.  I had a colonoscopy and it showed that the cancer had completely disappeared,” the next woman said.
“I had asthma,” he wheezed a little as he talked, “but after I was cured I decided to retire to Nevada.  I haven’t had a single problem since,” the next man said.
The last man was in crutches and leg braces.
“With this polio I worked myself into a deep depression.  I couldn’t face life anymore.  I came here and prayed for relief.  Afterwards, my therapist said I acted like a new man,” he said.
After the living miracles left, President Frost and I discussed the new Temple Policy addendum that I had written up.  He told me he had posted a guard at the Temple.  Then he admitted that the guard was really just a rotating shift of volunteer students.  I hoped that the seminarian that was late for his third hour nap wasn’t the volunteering type.
The President said he would have to think about the addendum and get back to me.  I walked past the door of Angela’s office.  She wasn’t there.  Joy said I could come back in the afternoon.  Angela had some openings after 2:30 P.M.


* * * * *


Chapter 16

I was in my office finishing my cashew chicken takeout lunch when I heard Ted.
“Here,” he said to Opal.
“What is this?” Opal sounded surprised.
“That’s it,” he said.
“What?”
“The policy,” he said.
“The Elliot Seminary Holy Talisman Policy?” asked Opal.
“That’s what I said.”
This interested me so I got up and went to their room.
“Where did you find it?” Opal asked.
“Around,” he said.
Opal, seeing me, said under her breath, “He has special hiding places that I don’t know about.  There are spots I can’t get to with my knee.”  Then she spoke to Ted loudly.
“Around where did you find it?”
“In some boxes.”
I was less curious about where he found it than what it said.  I thought it might have been best if it had stayed hidden.  I could hear Bobbie already calling the Seminary to tell them we had found it.  It was too late to lose it again.
“Let’s see it,” I said and we opened the folder on Ted’s desk.  The three of us crowded around the document.  It was very old-looking paper.
“What language is that?” asked Opal.
“Chicken scratch,” said Ted.
I had never, before that moment, had seen something written in chicken scratch.  It was an archaic language that I’d only heard about.  The ancients believed the Chuckler, the Lord of Plagues, also known as Chuck, communicated to his chickens through an unknown language.  After Chuck’s wings were clipped and he was cast from Paradise, he was a flightless bird just like a chicken.  Therefore, chickens were made in his image and were his servants.
Long ago, a plan was hatched to find the language that Chuck used to communicate with his servants.  If his intentions were known, then the good people of the Earth could react to prevent it.
Chickens’ feet were dipped in ink and were released to run across a paper.  Over a century, the patterns of these footprints were compared to the occurrence of plagues.  An alphabet and then a whole language was developed.  Only the Assembly leaders knew how to use the language.  In times of war, the leaders needed a secret mode of communication.
The ancient crusaders tried communicating using actual homing chickens to carry the messages.  After the chicken arrived, the translators tried to interpret what the chicken said they should do.  They understood that their soldiers’ strategy should be to peck the opponents to death.  It didn’t work too well because you needed to get within a pecking distance, but the opponents could spear you before that.
Since in those days there were always wars, Chicken Scratch eventually became the official written language of the Assembly.  All documents until a couple of hundred years ago were written in Chicken Scratch.  Nobody knew how to pronounce it.
There were two principle philosophies on pronunciation.  One group, the Order of Chicken Talk Clickers (the Clickers), insisted that the language be clicked like the chicken running across the paper.  The Clickers reasoned that the language was expressed solely through the chickens’ feet.  The other group, the Order of Chicken Talk Cluckers (the Cluckers), insisted that the language be pronounced like the clucks of a chicken.  They reasoned that this was how a chicken talked.
Use of Chicken Scratch ended as an independent language as a result of the Third Grand Sacred Recluse Council.  The Grand Council meetings were really no different than the regular council meetings, except that their High Sire attended.  At the council meeting, the orders met to determine policy.  These decisions had no force in Assemblic Law unless the High Sire actually attended himself.
The First Grand Council was called by Helveticas II to initial a form for the council.  It took them three days to decide what type of coffee to order.  It might have been acceptable to spend that amount of time to decide now, but back then the only coffee choices were black, with cream and/or with sugar.  After that, the High Sire vowed never to call the council again.
Helvitica IV called the Second Grand Council when he urgently needed advice about which footwear to get for the Grand Temple Choir, sandals or flip-flops.  The council couldn’t decide, so he got both.  Choir members were to wear the oversized flip-flops over their sandals.
The Third Grand Council was called when the High Sire’s astrologer had told him it was his lucky day.  She had misread the signs.  It really was his clucky day.  So when the third council was convened the Clickers and the Cluckers each saw the chance to have their pronunciation method adopted as the official method.  Both groups introduced resolutions.  Tempers got hotter and hotter as they debated the issue.
The Clickers feared that the High Sire would have allowed a binding vote to settle the issue and they knew that the Cluckers were in slight majority, so the Clickers slaughtered all of the Cluckers, except for one.
The High Sire was a Clucker and so he was highly disturbed that he was the only one remaining from his brotherhood.  He declared in an edict, “Cluck-cluck-cluck-cluck-cluck…,” which no one understood, so the day after that he translated it.
He declared that Chicken Talk was to cease as a language and the Temple Assemblies were to be conducted in the local languages.
The High Sire allowed the Clickers to keep their tradition of clicking, but only if the local vernacular was transcribed into Click.
For the first time, many Assembly members realized that the Temple was a house of worship and not a chicken farm.  This was a problem for some preachers who were immigrants from countries such as Greece and never needed to learn the local tongues.  Those Assemblies could tell something was different with the way the preacher spoke, but it was all still Greek to them.  They didn’t see much of a change until a new generation of preachers arrived.
The High Sire also declared in his edict that the Clickers must cloister themselves and lead a life of total irrelevance to the church.  They had kept their promise.  No one could say that they had seen any benefit from the Order of Chicken Talk Clickers.
The only people within the Assembly who could translate the insurance policy were the Clickers and the High Sire.  The current High Sire, Helvetica IX, knows how to Cluck because the high sires have passed down knowledge of Chicken Scratch to their successors.  The Clickers wouldn’t have been allowed to translate it without the High Sire allowing them to have an exception in their vow of uselessness.
The best way to get the High Sire to respond quickly would have been for us to send him a FAX.  The High Sire would probably be grateful for the communication.  He was fairly secluded in his recluse and not too many people came to visit him.

The Psychotic Friends Network was ready for me to return.  I felt like they knew I was coming and were waiting for me.
They had become a little more creative than just saying, “Cock-a-doodle-do.”  One young man had a flashlight.  He was pointing it at me while saying, “It’s the Sun Rooster.  See it?  Now, crow Cock-a-doodle-do.”
Another man had a bag of chicken feed.  He was sprinkling it on the path in front of me saying, “Here chick-chick-chick, here chick …”
The last group was saying, “Be Brave.”
“Don’t be a chicken.”
“Let Chuck’s spirit out of you and turn toward God.”
“Come to the Ralph for help. He can help exorcise the spirit that is plaguing you.”
These taunts didn’t make me want to strike back like the “Cock-a-doodle-do’s.”  I was glad to see that the last group saw me as a person rather than a rooster.  The last step in falling into a psychosis was to begin to think of people not as humans but as objects.  It made rationalizing violence easier.  “I am not wringing the neck of a person, but of a chicken” or “I am wringing the dirty water out of some soiled clothes.”
This worried me about the others.  I vowed to try to guess what their motives might be.

Angela was in her office.  She got up and lifted part of her drapes.
“I’ve never really looked at these drapes before.  I know I’ve seen them everyday, but I’ve never really looked at them.  I’ve become very attuned to these things since I’ve met you.  The colors are really unique.  See how they blend together?  And the stitching, do you see all of these fine threads?  Have you every really thought, ‘How do they make these things?’”
“With looms I suppose,” I answered, a little suspicious of her sudden interest in interior design.
“Yes, I suppose so,” she said.  “You probably didn’t come to talk about the drapes.  What would you like to talk about?”
I sighed.
“What’s up?” she asked.
“My joke to the CUB reporter hasn’t gone over too well.  The people who have gathered out there aren’t being too nice to me when they see me.  It’s getting worse, more personal.”  I really did hate what they were doing whenever they saw me.  Every time I went out, I felt vulnerable to attack.  They could be anywhere.  They could do anything.  They could say anything.  Whatever they said was broadcasted to the entire population of the planet by way of satellites orbiting unseen in space.  Our tax dollars at work.  Our governments at play.
“Oh, I’m sorry.  I’ll see what I can do,” she said with a smile.  Her teeth were perfect, all bleached the same skeleton-white of everyone who visited the Holy Mouth Man twice each year and helped him pay off his student loans and finance his useless Holy Mouth Man Equipment.
“Thanks.  Since we found the policy, there is some hope for a normal resolution to this claim, but I’ve run into only dead ends in my search for the Talisman.”  No cases are ever easy.
“Mmm.  Is there anything else that I can do?”  She smiled wider.  Nice teeth.
I didn’t know if I could trust her.  She might be part of some conspiracy by the Order of Preachers to rule the world.  She was not a member of the order so it was unlikely, but possible that she would be involved in such a plot.
The Preachers didn’t seem to be interested in ruling the world.  However, someone like D’Verbose might think that the Preachers deserved to rule the world even though they didn’t want it.  D’Verbose could have been acting for them.  The Preachers may not want to dominate, but he could be giving world domination to them anyhow.
This second scenario implicated Angela even more.  Being D’Verbose’s lover would mean that she was much more involved in planning the theft.
I had to get the information from her indirectly.  She seemed to act helpful.  I to take advantage of that helpfulness without letting her know that I suspected her lover.
I needed to know more about D’Verbose’s whereabouts.
I said, “I have reached a dead end with the interviews.  I thought I might try a new path.  I wonder if any people on campus during the evening of the disappearances would have seen anything.  Is there anyway you could tell me which professors were around?  For example, . . . umm”, I was trying to look indecisive, “was Professor D’Verbose here then?” 
She dug out a class schedule book and handed it to me.   
“This will tell you who was likely to be around then.  As for specific Professors such as D’Verbose, I couldn’t tell you if he were here or not because I was at home.”
I thought that was odd that she didn’t volunteer an explanation for where he was.  She could have covered for him by saying that they were together.  Maybe she wanted to cover for him, but didn’t know what he might have already said.
“What about students?  I may want to talk to students who had evening classes on that night,” I asked.  Actually, I hoped to talk to D’Verbose’s pet student, Mr. Lesser, under that premise.
“Here,” she said as she handed me a student directory.  That ruse worked, too.
“Okay. Here’s my next thought:  you know we have recovered the original policy, but it needs the High Sire to translate,” I said.
She nodded.
“I am sure that you know how long it takes bureaucracies within the Assembly to reply to things,” I continued.  Another nod.
“Do you happen to know anyone at the Seminary who could give us an unofficial translation of the policy as we wait?”
“D’Verbose might know Chicken Scratch,” she said.  “If he doesn’t, I bet he knows someone who does.  Would you like me to call him?”
“No.  It was just a thought.  Let’s wait and see if we get a prompt response from the Sacred Recluse first.”

I asked for directions to the library.  Angela didn’t think that I would find very many books on home redecoration or drapes.  I told her that I thought that was fine.  I would just browse.  She didn’t see any difficulty in me checking out a few books.  I really intended to find information about my adversaries.
As I walked into the library, under the “New Releases” banner on a shelf I saw Murland’s face glaring at me.  He was on the cover of a book titled, “My life, My way: The Murland and CUB Miracle.”  I thought miracle was a bit of an exaggeration in explaining CUB.
I picked up the book and began my search for the next one.  I was surprised to see that they still used a card catalog system.  Rather than having the books listed on a computer, the books names were each typed on individual cards.  The cards were filed alphabetically by title, author name, and subject.  There was a short aisle of the catalogs.  Each drawer was labeled with an alphabet range such as DSI-DUA, DUB-DUZ.  I pulled open the DVA-DVZ drawer.
I looked at the card D’Verbose, Cornelius.
The History of the Order of the Meek and Humble. Etc.
I wrote down the call number so I could check it out.
I also looked for older books about the Creams, Order of Preachers, Murland, exorcisms, redecorations and winning women through humor.  There wasn’t much that seemed very helpful.
I wanted to learn about exorcism rituals so that I would know exactly what I was being threatened with.  There weren’t any listings under Exorcism.  (“Exorcise your way to Spirituality.”)  I tried looking under Ancient Temple Rituals.  (“Ancient Temples, Ancient Temple Ruins.”)  Should I try Rituals, Ancient, Temple or Rituals, Temple, Ancient?  (“Rituals of Australian Aborigines” “River for the Dead.”)   It didn’t matter.  I didn’t know how to narrow my search.  I could ask the librarian for help, but I was not sure of their sympathies.  They could have been Simpletons, too.  I might have given them a few ideas if I told them what I have been looking for.
I wandered around.  If I located similarly themed books then, I could just look at the titles to see if any were appropriate.
I browsed through, “The Biography of a Loner, Helvetica I,” “Weight Loss Through Prayer,” and “The Spirituality of the Orgasm.”
There was a book titled “How to Pick Up Religious Girls.”  Some of the chapters were, “Whether to kiss on the tenth date or wait till your engagement,”  “Praying together: It’s one way to get her to hold hands,”  “Chastity, The New Vogue,”  “The Perfect Valentine Gift: Tell her you respect her too much to seduce her,”  “Saying ‘I do’: The best way to get a religious girl into bed,”  “If she recites stirring prayers does it mean she is going to be lively in bed?”
Another book was “Defending God’s Plan.”  Some of the chapters were: “Why God made an earth that had buried dinosaur bones,” “The Great Flood: The Cause of the Grand Canyon,” “The human appendix: not God’s mess up but God’s secret organ.”
Then I saw a book on how to raise chickens for consumption of their meat.  Most Assemblies wouldn’t eat chicken, but the book listed safe ways to handle them.  The book said that chickens must not be raised on free range.  It was an abomination because the chickens ran around fornicating and being “happy.”  It said they must be kept in individual cages.  Three fake eggs must be placed in a hen’s cage so she would sit on them all day and didn’t feel a need to produce any eggs of her own.
Finally, I found a book that might help me:  “Chuck’s Minions.”  The book described how to recognize someone possessed by Chuck and what their powers might be.  According to the book, as a Rooster, I should have been able to place women in a trance with my hypnotic stare.  That had never worked for me.  When I stared at them they usually said, “You creep,” and slapped me.
Another type of demon was the tooth fairy.  He came around in the middle of the night and stold children’s teeth out of their mouths.  He apparently took them to build an shrine to the great toothless one.
Then there was Peter Cottontail, the bunny who got children to worship the shape of the chicken egg by giving the children candy in that profane shape.  The leprechaun demon got people to consume large quantities of intoxicants with the promise that they will see hidden pots of gold.  Jack O’Lantern was the pumpkin-headed demon that scared children so much that they tried to disguise themselves with costumes and ran from house to house seeking refuge.  There was St. Vesuvius who gave unsafe toys to children.  Lastly, was Cupid whom I was just reminded of from the recent radio interview.
The chapter on exorcisms of roosters was unbearably cruel.  I couldn’t imagine enduring such torture.

Chapter 10.  Instructions for Exorcism of Spirits.
After catching the chicken, sing the following while performing its instructions:
Alouette, gentil aloutte.
Alouette, je te plumerai.
Jet te plumerai la tête.
Jet te plumerai la tête,
Et la tête.
ET LA TÊTE!*
Alouette,
ALOUETTE!*
Repeat:
le dos.
la jambe.
le cou.
le bras.
Translated it means:
Skylark, gentle skylark.
Skylark, I will pluck you.
I will pluck your head.
I will pluck your head,
And the head,
AND THE HEAD!*
Skylark,
SKYLARK!*
Repeat with:
The back,
The leg,
The neck,
The foot,
The arm.
*Note: Sing with deep voice.

On the way home, I passed a lemonade stand.  I reacted by swerving away from the curb and out into the middle of the road.  I may have partly crossed the centerline.  When I realized what I was doing I swerved back.  I looked in my rear view mirror.
Immediately, I saw the merchant selling water flavored with a squeeze of a bitter fruit and a spoon of sugar.  She looked like a harmless little girl, but they all started that way.  I wondered if she was scheming a plan for world domination.
First, she would operate a lemonade stand to get experience working with acquisition of supplies, product preparation, advertising, customer relations, handling money, and accounting.
Then, when she was old enough, she would get a part-time job to develop a reputation for dependability and loyalty.  Next, she would open a business and become moderately wealthy.  After she sold her business, she would climb up the corporate ladder in the wire transfer industry.  She would exploit old, unsuspecting international banks.  She would tell them that they were wasting their money by keeping it in under-the-mattress funds and that they should instead invest in shell-game futures.  Their money would be gone as fast as electrons could travel around the world and into her hidden accounts.
She looked so innocent sitting there with her ponytail. I’m watching you.
Wasn’t it too early in the season for lemonade?  Maybe she won’t sell any lemonade, become let down about her dream and decide to become a depressed artist instead.


* * * * *


Chapter 17

I spent much of my evening reading the books that I had found.  D’Verbose’s book was glowing with praise for the Creams and their history.  I skimmed the interesting sections.  The book said that the Order of the Meek and Humble was an ancient order that started soon after our Savior Ralph’s sacrifice.  Ralph said in Courier 9:12, “In the day of the Lord, the humble shall rule the earth.”
The early Ralphians who wanted to rule the world met together to decide how to put themselves into power.  The book said, “We are the most qualified to lead.  Everyone else is ignorant and doesn’t follow Ralph’s word.  We know we would be best because we love all people and we dedicate ourselves to humbleness.  The Kings and Caesars say that they are gods.  They build their egos by claiming that they are so important, but they are not.  We are humble so we should lead.  This is confirmed by our motto that says, ‘The humble shall rule the Earth.’”
The Creams increased in power quickly.  One of the first High Sires, Pica-Elite I, was from their order.  Pica-Elite I felt so strongly that the humble should lead that he used his influence in the Maltese Empire to get them to adopt Ralphianism as the official religion and to require leaders to seek advice from religious counselors called Fonts.  Pica-Elite I himself was the Font for the Maltese Empire Caesar.
One day, the Caesar was contemplating an important decision.
“Should I have a cream-filled doughnut or a cream cheese bagel for breakfast?” the Caesar asked.
The Font, patting his jelly-filled belly, said, “I am so humble.  I couldn’t make that decision for you.”
The Caesar said, “Then how should I decide?  Should I have one of each?”
Shaking his head the Font said, “No.  What Ralph would do?  (WRWD).”  Licking his lips and looking over the food, the Font said, “I’m too humble to make a claim about this, but I feel that Ralph would enjoy the doughnuts more than the bagels.”
This was an important decision because the Caesar would enjoy the doughnut so much that he would use his wealth to open a chain of doughnut shops around the Empire.  He wanted always to be sure that he could find a doughnut when he traveled.  Because people assembled at the doughnut shops, they were called Assemblies.  The Creams saw the opportunity to expand their power across the Empire and volunteered to operate the Assemblies as doughnut shops and prayer houses.  The doughnut became so popular that many competing doughnut shops opened, Buddhist Bagels, Muslim Muffins and Taoist Tarts.
This was the reason that in the modern Assembly we often had Coffee Hour (with doughnuts) after the service.  Assemblies were no longer the primary source of doughnuts because many secular stores had opened.  The Creams weren’t very good at self-promotion.  They were too humble to advertise that they had the best doughnuts.  The Order of Preachers dominated the modern Assemblies because the Creams were restricted to boundaries of the Maltese Empire, but the other orders were not.  The Creams still controlled most of the Assemblies that were within the boundary of the former Empire.
The modern day Creams did not have as much influence with the sectarian governments.  The Fonts’ role was mostly symbolic.  Whenever doughnuts were served at state functions, it was the Font’s duty to sample the rolls and bless them.  “Lord, we humbly accept the gifts you have given us.  Let these doughnuts nourish us and bring wisdom to our leaders.  Let the leaders become enlightened that they should seek our advice about all culinary matters.”
The book left little doubt in my mind that Professor D’Verbose sympathized with the Creams.
There was little point in reading the whole book.  They wouldn’t proclaim in it that they had formed a pack to dominate the Assembly by turning back the clock.
However, Murland was bold enough to publish that he intended to somehow destroy the Assembly.  The biography was chronological.  It started with a section on his childhood.  He was trying to prove that since he had a perfect childhood he was much superior to the rest of us.  Why would someone want to read a book like that?  It didn’t excite me very much.  Would anyone want to read something that proves his or her life was crap compared to him?  I supposed some readers read for the pain that they could inflict on themselves.
I read the first few chapters before I got too sleepy to continue.  The next section dealt with his college years.  He had an Assemblic girlfriend whom he met at a meeting of the Young Simpletons.  She spurned him because he wouldn’t convert to the mother Assembly.  It left him spiteful toward the Assemblics.  He said that he vowed then to do everything he could to prove to her that she had made a mistake.
After I finished reading, I sat and thought.  I imagined what it would be like to be married to Angela.  It could happen.  Maybe D’Verbose would be thrown into prison for stealing the Talisman.  Then, Angela would recognize him as just a louse, then she would come to me.  “Angela Marie Wilde, do you take Neal Harris to be your husband?”  She would say, “I do.”
She would think that I was a very funny person.  She would laugh at my jokes.  She would also laugh at the stories that I told her even though I didn’t realize how funny they were until I told them.  She would be enthralled when I told her about my work.  Then she would compliment me for being able to find the most intelligent solution to problems at work.
When we were alone late at night, we would share the intimacy of holding hands.  She would melt into my arms as I held her and caressed her.  Her hands would be warm and soft.  I would hear and feel her breathing deeply as she became both aroused yet relaxed.


* * * * *


Chapter 18

I peaked into Duffy and Klugner’s office.  Opal was there, but I didn’t see Ted.
“Any word on the translation yet?” I asked her.
“You know it could be weeks.”  She shook her head.
“Where’s Ted?” I asked as I nodded.
“After he found the Talisman policy, he started rooting through neighbor’s trash, too.  He’s trying to find valuable items that other people are throwing away.”
I looked around and saw a table lamp that hadn’t been there before.  Its shade had a small tear in it.  It looked like the low quality stuff you get at Junk-Mart then throw away after only one year of use.  It was pathetic.
Opal could see what I was looking at.
“Yes, that’s one of them.  Its partner is in your office,” she said.
“Ugh,” I said.
“Yeah.  I’m not complaining though.  While he’s out, I’ve been getting loads of work done.  We need to find some way to get rid of all of it.”
“We could donate it to the Salvation Navy,” I said.
“I’m sure they would really appreciate this junk.”
“Oh,” I said, “we could tell Ted that we are donating it, but actually trash it at home.”
“The people on my street will think I’ve been evicted when they see that load of junk.”
We both laughed.
I went into my office and saw my new lamp.  It was the same as the other one except its shade was stained.  I felt a little nauseated.
Angela had called to say that she was concerned for my safety.  She had arranged for President Frost to hold a news conference at 10 A.M. to stand in support of my work.  It would look most proper if I would be there with him.
I called Mr. G. Lesser, Jr. to arrange a time to meet.
He answered with a very groggy, “Hello?”  
He had been asleep.  I asked to meet him, but he said he didn’t have much more to offer.  I said I could pick him up and treat him to lunch.  That seemed to make him more agreeable.  Students on low budgets jump at a chance for free food.  He thought he should be out of bed by lunch time.
With that out of the way, next, I wanted to say a prayer.  It was company policy to try all legal means to recover missing property.  We didn’t know for sure if God had taken the Talisman, but it was certainly a possibility.
This led me to a very important question.  How did you recover something from God?  If you knew someone possessed stolen merchandise you would normally get a court order for its return, then have the sheriff or bounty hunter recover it.  I wasn’t sure who was better to deal with.  They were both gun-happy ultra-NRA types.
Both the ones I knew acted as if they were very stupid.  The sheriff might not really be as stupid as he appeared.  After you had tried with no luck to serve a warrant at a house thirty-one times, you might think he would suspect that they didn’t live there anymore.  However, in his defense it might have been the legal system that was requiring him to return to be doubly sure, or in that case thirty-onely sure.  The bounty hunters were the ones that were probably less intelligent, but they got the job done.  They were probably the stupid ones because they couldn’t pass the test to be a real cop, so they play Cops and Robbers instead.  However, they got the job done faster.  They wouldn’t check a place thirty-one times in a row before they looked somewhere else.  They were motivated by their bounty to get the job done fast.
I was not sure which one I would choose to recover property from God.  The bounty hunter might have said, “Bring it here now or else I will squeeze your arms behind your back until you tell me where it is.  Well, if your shoulders didn’t span half a billion miles, I would do it.  Instead, if you don’t tell me, then I will kick the lower right quadrant of the mole on your pinkie toe.”
The sheriff, on the other hand, would go to one of God’s Temples (his supposed home).  Seeing that God wasn’t there at the moment, he would return to the same place thirty more times before trying the next Temple.
No, I decided prayer was the best option.  However, would God be out of town to show off Her Talisman?  If She were out, would my prayer go to an answering machine so She could listen to it later?  How frequently does She check messages?  Would I get an outgoing message?  “I’m sorry,” a heavenly voice would say, “I’m either out or on another call.  Please leave your name and request and I will get back to you as soon as possible.”
Where does God go for entertainment? Does She sit at the mall and people-watch?  As people go by, She could wonder where they’re coming from and where they were going, what they’re doing.  She could wonder about the relationships between the groups of people She sees.  A young man and a woman walking together could be a couple, brother and sister, or just acquaintances.  What would it mean when the man and woman exchanged harsh words?  Siblings argued, but so did couples.  If they would show some affection, then that would give a clue.  It was rare, but sisters had been known to show affection for their brothers.  If the woman showed affection, then that wouldn’t help much.  Women were created to show affection.  However, if the man showed affection, then that actually meant something.  No man would ever think of telling his sister how wonderful she was.  He would only say something special if the bonds of matrimony obligated him.
Oh, but God was all-knowing.  God would know that She was watching a husband and wife rather than siblings.  She would even know that the wife had a secret resentment for the years she would have to sacrifice from her career for the kids.  Even the wife wouldn’t admit this if God approached her.  The wife wouldn’t be conscious of her resentment for several more years when the kids had moved away.
God would also know that the husband would cheat on the wife in three years.  The husband didn’t even realize that he would do it.  He was just then beginning to experience her unexplainably coldness toward him.
If God was people watching now, then She must be undeniably female.  Life was such a soap opera.
On the other hand, if God were male, then where would He be escaping to now?  In His imagination, He could be staging a war between fictitious sub-gods.  For Him, it would be like watching TV.
The Greek god of war, Ares, could battle Mars, the Roman god of war.  However, since Ares and Mars were basically the same god, just with a different name, then they would be equally matched.  They would exchange strikes blow for blow.  It would be just like Tic-Tac-Toe.  The battle would end in a draw.  That would be boring.  Where was the thrill of the unexpected? The movie would always be the same.
Just in case God was home and receiving calls, I thought I should try the prayer.  I bowed my head and quietly said, “Lord, Please….”  I should be as humble as possible.  “If you have the Holy Talisman and if it is in your will, please return it.” Pause. “Because if it’s not your will then that’s okay, too.
“I’m not trying to tell you what to do.
“Just think about it for a moment.
“You’re the boss, the CEO, the big banana, and I’m just the worker bee.
“I realize that you probably would not have taken the Holy Talisman if you didn’t have a reason.  You work on the big picture issues.”
It struck me that God could have a motive to destroy the Assembly.  If God felt we had strayed too far from humble beginnings, He or She could have taken the Talisman to cause bankruptcy.  It was much easier to take a Talisman than to send earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes, and plagues.   That didn’t mean God was lazy.  He was simply efficient.  The major miracles could be saved for more important events like a big bang.
I continued, “I am just doing my job.  So if you are planning to return it anyhow, now would be a convenient time for us down here.”
Why would God want it temporarily?  I didn’t know.  Maybe She wanted to put it on herself and go for a night out in the Universe.  She had just been too busy to return it.
“We would appreciate that if you are returning it, you act promptly.  It would clear up quite a mess down here.
“I’m not trying to blame you for the mess.  It’s just a small inconvenience that we are happy to suffer for you.
“Thanks,. . . or err, Amen.  And all that.”
Whew.  That wasn’t that bad.  I looked at my watch.  I had a few minutes to kill before I had to leave to go to the press conference.  Bobbie was always good for killing a few minutes.  All you had to say was, “What’s new?”
“Oh, Hi,” she replied.  She thought for a second, grimaced, then said, “I saw Pat again last night.”
I was already sorry for her.
“Pat has been feeling really bad about losing her friend’s bracelet.  She said she was ‘looking for a gift to make it up to her.’
“I thought that I could help.  It was partly my fault anyhow because I didn’t watch Pat closely enough.  So I offered to drive her around.
“First we went to Upities.  She bought several bracelets there.  I didn’t think that was odd because she normally buys ten of everything then when her credit card bill comes due she returns her least favorite nine of them.  I didn’t care that I would probably have to drive her back.  Sometimes, I tell her to just buy the one she likes because I’m not driving her back to return the ones she doesn’t want.  This doesn’t work because she says, ‘I changed my mind.  This isn’t my favorite one anymore.’  So I end up driving her back again anyhow.
“Next we went to a store at the mall.  Apparently, she had been there the night before with her dad to get a bracelet.  She wanted to return it today.  Her dad has really put his foot down with her.  He won’t pay off her credit card bills anymore.
“We approached the jewelry counter and Pat said, ‘I’d like to return this bracelet.’
“The lady said, ‘Do you have a receipt?’
“Pat gave the lady her best helpless lost puppy look and said, ‘Oh.  You need a receipt?’
“The lady said, ‘Yes.’  Pat had only returned a thousand purchases and many of them have been here.  She should know their rules.
“Then Pat pretended to look in her purse then pulled it out and said, ‘Oh, here it is.’
“The sales lady looked at it and said, ‘It says here it’s a bracelet with a charm.  You have only a bracelet.  I can’t give a refund.’
“I was completely embarrassed.  I looked Pat right in the eyes and glared.  I could only imagine what her scheme was.
“Pat said, ‘If you won’t do it, I want to see the manager.’
“While the lady was gone, Pat said, ‘I just wanted the charm.  I didn’t want the bracelet, too.’
“I told her that if she got more than half of her money back I would leave her there.  Then the manager came back with the lady. The manager told her that ‘unless there is a charm, there won’t be a refund.  If you find it, you can come back.’
“Now I’m feeling bad about losing the friend’s bracelet and for the Sales Lady having to put up with Pat.”
I nodded sympathetically to Bobbie as she swiveled in her office chair.
Then I said, “If you found the original lost bracelet then you could attach that charm to the store’s bracelet and return it for a refund.  Then you could take the new charm and give it with the lost bracelet to Pat’s friend.”
“Do you think Pat could fool the store to take back a horrendous spidery looking charm?” Bobbie said to me.
“Oh, I don’t doubt it,” I said.  We both laughed.


* * * * *


Chapter 19

“I will go to the Press conference, too.  I can dispel the rumors that we have a passionate love affair,” Angela said.  She watched my reaction from her office chair.
I made a courteous laugh and then covered it with a cough.  The sound must have jarred President Frost, who came from his office and joined us.
“Questions like that will be off-limits.  We are just going to rationalize with them,” he said.
As we moved to leave Angela’s office my eyes caught the nameplate next to her door.  It said, “Angela K. Wilde.”  I had been imagining that her middle name was Marie.  There may have been rumors that we were having a love affair.  I was having a love affair, but it was with a woman that I’d created in my mind, “Angela M. Wilde.”
What a difference one initial could make.  It was the difference between night and day, black and white, “K” and “M”.  “K” looked angular and harsh, almost incomplete and definitely not symmetrical.  “M”, on the other hand, was perfectly symmetrical; one might say an example of two complementary forces in the great Holy Universe sharing a single dot on a plane.  I sighed, remembering my plans, considering how best to bring them into reality so that Angela and I could share that common dot together and become mirror images of each other in a blaze of satisfaction.
But she was a “K”.
Well, I supposed we could try a different position.  If the “K” were to be flipped up vertically, it would be symmetrical as well.  Yes, that would work.  I felt better.  Angela was mine again, but it would never be the same.  Once an “M” always an “M”, no matter how many accommodations were made to accept change.  I would always long for my “M”, but I’d make do with the “K”.
I smiled to myself, pleased to be able to think out of the geometric box as well as out of the zealot box.  The only confines I employed were in the insurance game.  Sell, deny, keep money that belongs to victims.  It worked for me.
I felt very sobered and I thought about work again.  I walked beside Angela towards the conference room.
“You still haven’t arranged a meeting with the ‘Prayer Scientists’,” I said.
“I know.  They are a small fringe group and I haven’t been able to locate them.”
The President looked thoughtful.
“I remember them from their letter.  Prayerman Leon Meekly said their only activity during holy week would be a prayer vigil,” I said.
That gave me an idea.  It’s surprising where ideas come from.  They showed up when you didn’t expect them.
“Thanks,” I said.
We walked towards the conference room and the President continued.
“Yes, Neal.  I’m sorry about those harassers.  We can’t throw everyone off the campus.  They are believers.  As you know, our order has control over the property, so we could throw them off, but it wouldn’t be polite.”
I thought, what would be a polite way to “throw them off?”  The advice columnists might say that to get rid of a guest that has stayed too long, you could yawn frequently.  If that doesn’t work, then look at your watch and say, “Oh, gee.  Look at the time.”  Next say, “I bet you have other, more important things to do.”  Finally, give him his coat, say goodbye, and go clean the dishes.
“We just need to meet with them and rationalize the situation.  Sometimes you need to take the time to just slowly explain things to people like that,” the President continued.
We were silent while we continued to the place where we would explain things to people like that.  Why was it that most people’s first attempt at solving a problem – explaining the situation to appeal to the intelligence and fair play that was supposed to be in every human being?  Hasn’t anyone figured out that if it were that easy – just mere explanation – then all the problems of the world would be solved?  Didn’t they know that “people like that” were like that because they lacked the common sense and intelligence to hear and understand the concepts that were the issues in the first place?  No amount of logic, religion, faith, bribery, and begging would give people the capacity to understand.  Talk yourself blue in the face.  A closed mind was a closed mind.
Angela and President Frost went up to the podium and stood next to each other.  I stood on the side where I was hopefully out of the cameras’ view. There were a couple film crews and a variety of gawkers in the crowd.  Robert Murland was sitting in the crowd.  He smiled at me with a smile reserved for someone that you knew and understood inside and out.
“Attention.  We have called this press conference to answer your questions about the missing Holy Talisman and to straighten out a misunderstanding about Mr. Neal Harris of SRSIG,” President Frost said.
“I have a question,” Murland said.
“Yes.”  As if we had a choice.
“Our sources tell us that you have recently found the Insurance Policy for the missing Talisman and that you have sent it out for translation because it’s written in Chicken Scratch.  What is Chicken Scratch?”
“It’s an archaic Assemblic Language which is no longer in use.”
“Our sources say it’s Chuck’s language.  Why would the Mother Assembly use such a language?  Are you communicating with Chuck?”
“I have no knowledge that it was ever used for that.”
“Could it?”
“Yes, but it never has.  It was admittedly a misguided effort.  The High Sire outlawed its use after the third Grand Council.”
“Because it is evil?”
“No, because on a sad day for Assemblies a feud erupted over its use and the Order of Chicken Talk Cluckers were butchered.”
The devout Assemblies in their crowd vialed themselves.  Vialing was a quick hand gesture where someone drew the sign of the vial on their chest.  First, they’d touch their right hand to their right shoulder then right waist, left waist and left shoulder.  The sign of the vial reminded us that Ralph sacrificed himself with a vial of poison to preserve the Assembly.  This really had nothing to do with the butchering of the Cluckers.  It’s just a reassuring gesture that distracted them from thinking about death.  I guessed the Cluckers’ genocide and Ralph’s sacrifice were both deaths.  The Cluckers’ deaths were senseless deaths, but Ralph’s death was a purposeful, fulfilling death that reassured us.
For his reaction, President Frost was in an extended nap.  The reporters and crowd tried to be patient and wait.  They couldn’t wait very long, but it was long enough to cause murmurs to go through them all every few minutes.
“Ms. Wilde,” Murland finally said.
“Yes?”
“Much has been said about you and Mr. Harris.  Has he ever pecked at you?”
“No.  He does not have a pecker.”
“He has no pecker?”
“No, Definitely not.  Look.  He has lips.  He is a human being, not a Rooster.”
“Have you seen if he has a good cock-a-doodle-doo?”
“I don’t know if he has a good cock.  I’ve never seen him do it.”  
“Has he ever gone ‘cock-a-doodle-do’?”
“It would surprise me if he had never done it.”
“What does Mr. Harris have to say about that?”
“It’s not my press conference,” I said.  I knew it would come to this.
President Frost woke up suddenly, heard the last comments then said, “We are here to straighten out all of this misunderstanding.  I will say it using very plain language so all the Simpletons can understand it without using their brains too much.  What he said was just a joke.”  Sometimes I wondered just how far gone he was during those naps.  He seemed to know more than he let on.
“It didn’t sound like a joke,” said Murland.
“It was.”
“It wasn’t funny.”
“Jokes sometimes don’t work.”
“Here.  I’ll tell you a good chicken joke,” said Murland.  He stood, turned to the crowd and said, “Why did the chicken cross the road?”
“Why?” several people said.
He looked right at me.
“Because he saw a truck coming and wanted to save the butcher the grief of chopping his head off.”  Many of the people in the crowd giggled.
“Hey, we will have none of that,” the President said.
“None of what?”
“No jokes like that.”
“Oh, so now it’s okay for you to joke about something serious, but we can’t?  I see you now.  Everything always has to be your way.”
“It’s an….”
President Frost went into a nap again.  This could be a long one because he looked very worked up.  This press conference didn’t seem to be making any progress.  It was probably a mistake to hold it in the first place.  It was just giving more ammunition for them to use.
The crowd was getting impatient waiting for the President.
“Mr. Harris, are you sure you didn’t want to talk to us?” Murland said.
I might be able to get information out of him if I used the right bait.  This might have been my only chance to talk to him in person.
I walked up to the podium.
“Let’s make a deal.  I will give a straight and truthful answer to each question you ask for each one that you answer first.”
He glanced around the room.  I wondered if he was calculating ratings, trying to think of questions, judging the damage I could do him, or just needed to mentally prepare for battle.
“Deal,” he said.
“Okay.  Why are you so interested in this news story?” I said.
“My standard answer would be ‘It’s just good news,’ but to be completely straight, I will add that it’s been worth about a million dollars a day in improved ratings.”
I supposed they could edit out his comments, but that didn’t matter.  I was just trying to get some truth out of this.
“Now tell us truthfully, have you and Ms. Wilde ever held hands?” he said.
“No.”
“Would you like to?” he said.
“It’s my turn for a question.”  I think he hoped to get me into an argument.  Then all of the information would have been free.
“Your news reports haven’t focused on the Holy Talisman, but on people such as me.  Why aren’t you covering the Talisman?”
“The Assemblics too often worship false idols such as the Holy Talisman.  They should worship Ralph.  Our audience wants to know what is happening today.  They don’t want a historical retrospective or missing jewelry.  Now it’s my turn.  Do you want to hold Ms. Wilde’s hand?”
I turned to look at her.  She was blushing.  She had very delicate hands.  She folded them self-consciously as everyone in the crowd was impolitely staring at them.
My imaginary lover, Angela Marie Wilde, would blush like that, too.  Angela K. Wilde was probably blushing just because of humility.  Marie would be blushing because she cared for me dearly and secretly wanted me to hold her hands.
“I think your question has two parts.  I think that all the men here want or desire to hold her hand.  That doesn’t mean that they are going to walk up to her and propose it.  That is the second part of your question.  The men here don’t want to actually come up and do it because either they don’t think it’s moral, they are too shy, or their wives would hit them.  You probably want me to say ‘yes’ no matter how I interpret your question.  So the answer is, yes, I think she has very pretty hands.”
Some of the men in the crowd nodded.  The others just continued looking at Angela with bedroom eyes.
“Do you know who took or who has the Holy Talisman?” I said.
“That’s a veiled two part question, too.  The answer is ‘No’.  Now, how many women have you held hands with?” he said.
“None.”
“None?  You expect us to believe that?”
I was worried that he was going to bring forward Camilia-Beatrice, my onetime strumpet friend, or would pull out fifteen years-old torn and weathered Playhand magazine pages and say, “See!  You were sinful.”
Then I had a thought.
“Wait.  It’s my turn for a question.  Several times, your reports have relied upon a source at Elliot Seminary.  Who is your source?” I asked.
“I’m not going to answer that,” he said. “Your last response was unsatisfactory. You can’t expect us to believe that a handsome, young, successful guy like you doesn’t have throngs of Assembly women mesmerized?  You….”
I thought I got a glimpse into Murland’s harassment of me.  Did he mean Assemblic women like his former girlfriend would be mesmerized?  He was working out his anger on me for why she dumped him.  His girlfriend probably settled down with some other Assemblic man and I symbolized that other man.
President Frost awoke.
“. . .insult to say that.”  He stopped talking after realizing that he had been out.
“It’s resolved,” I said.  Then to the crowd, “Thank you for your time.”
It was lunchtime so I excused myself from Angela and the President.
Why did I admit that I’d never held hands with a woman?  There was a time that I would have been humiliated by admitting it.  Being harassed already disgraced me; so a little more wouldn’t matter.
If I was still a young man and I had admitted not holding hands, then I would expect every boy I knew to make fun of me.  For a woman, though, it was seen as a badge of honor.  It meant that she was a princess.  It meant that she hadn’t found anyone good enough yet.  No one has met her high qualifications.
For a boy, it meant that he wasn’t skilled enough to have found a woman.  To hide their lack of skill, boys lied about their experience.  Maybe we were all liars.  It was doubtful that we could have all fibbed though.  Some of the stories they told were too detailed to be lies.  I have to wonder about some of the stories that I have heard though.  In my innocence or gullibility, I believed it all.  Even though I’m not yet experienced, some stories seemed more realistic than others.
I actually believed that if you got a woman excited that you should ask her to remove her jewelry otherwise the metal might spark and shock you.  I also believed that if a woman had really long nails that it might leave your hands scratched and bleeding.  Those were probably just myths.  One story that I heard and still believed was that when a woman became excited, her skin became more flushed and her nails became darker red or purple.  It seemed logical.  That was why some women applied nail polish.  It made them more alluring.  However, there was one story that I was still unsure about.   I would have liked to believe it’s true.  If a woman truly enjoyed you, then she may gasp in pleasure.  I liked to think that a woman would be so thrilled with me as to gasp.
I rarely told stories about my fictitious encounters with women.  I told my friends that I had promised the girls I would not tell.  I would have liked to tell stories, but I was just afraid that they would be so unbelievable that someone would speak up to call me a liar.  However, sometimes when I was around younger boys I would repeat some of the stories that I’d heard as if they were my own.
I think my friends were above harassing me about it.  I saw Darwin occasionally.  I think he had probably figured out that my stories about women were just stories.  As a close friend, he had greater insight into my life than the others.  Additionally, our conversations matured.  We stopped talking about hand-holding when he married.  His first marriage was to my childhood friend, Connie.  He knew our history together and he knew he shouldn’t say anything about her to me because I would get jealous.
How would women react to knowing about my lack of intimacy?  I supposed some women might respect it, but respect was not what turned a woman on to a guy.


* * * * *


Chapter 20

Mr. G. Lesser, Jr. and I sat eating our falafel and hummus.
“The student directory lists your first name as ‘G.’ what does that stand for?” I said.
Mr. Lesser winced and his eyes widened.
“Gay,” he said with a sigh.
I wrote it down on my notepad.
“My name gave me much trouble when I was growing up,” he said.
I looked up from my notes and tried to sympathize with him.  We had no control over the names we were given or how others interpreted them.  It’s something that we had to live with our whole lives.
He said, “Other children always assumed that I was ‘happy’ because my name means ‘happy.’  I’m definitely not that type.  I’m definitely not happy.  I strive not to be.
“My father is Gay Lesser, Sr.  I have tried to help him not be happy, too.  When I still lived at home I would buy him a bottle of liquor each day and tell him he was worthless.  That seemed to help because he is always now very somber.
“I do everything I can to avoid happiness.   I read only sad and depressing books.  I have the Holy Book memorized, but I still read it everyday.  I have seen ‘Terms of Endearment’ one hundred times.
“When I was little, I thought I could prove I wasn’t happy by rejecting everything.  I repeated second grade four times.  Now I see it’s okay to be successful and not to be happy.  I tutor juvenile delinquents when I’m not busy at school.  It always gives me a wonderful feeling of dread to see how they are destroying their lives.
“The juvenile delinquents don’t confront their problems and try to work them out, but try to escape their problems through song and worship.  They join gangs of Bible-study fanatics that approach people on the street and harass them to be saved.  To be initiated into one of these gangs they must undergo a bizarre ritual of prayer and fasting.  It’s humiliating for them.”
“Hmm,” I said a sympathetically.
He continued, “I regularly attend the assembly at St. Donna Karan.  Sire Evan Jaylist is very good at reminding us that we are scum and not worthy of God.
“This is why I am so dedicated to finishing at the top of my class at the seminary.  I want to be granted my first choice of assignments.  I want to care for the lepers at the mission in St. Solemn.”
He seemed to have reached the end of his speech.
I nodded to show that I understood his troubles.  I didn’t want to tell him that changing his name would be a really simple thing to do.  He seemed content with his sadness.
If he were suddenly allowed to be happy, he would have been shocked by the change.  People wouldn’t be sympathetic to his troubles anymore.  People were more likely to resent a happy person because they knew that they would never be as happy.
Even though happy people were resented, everyone else would want to be near them.  Happy people became impoverished because of the expense of bringing presents to birthday parties and weddings and from hosting their own gatherings.
Happy people were cursed with having rotten jobs.  There was no motivation for them to improve themselves through college when they were happy being a trash collectors.  They just wanted to strive to be the best, happiest trash collector ever.
Happy people had other troubles, too.  They were cursed with good health.  This was a curse because they couldn’t use health to get sympathy.  Happy people were cursed with longer lives.  There was no chance for a quick exit for them.
Yet, everyone wanted to be happy, even though the opposites were true for motivation.  Did anyone ever consider the benefits of being miserable?  There were many.  One, people did not want to be around you.  That was a benefit, because most people were dull at best, and annoying all the time.  Two, if you’re miserable, you’d live even longer than happy people.  This was because no one would bother you, so you could be as much of an uncouth, undesirable individualist as you’d like to be.  You can worship the Holy Chicken, you could worship the Holy Reindeer, you could worship the Holy Vacuum Cleaner With Attachments Included.  It’s up to you because you’re miserable anyway which was the third reason.  You had nowhere to fall.  You’re already down.  You’re already the world’s biggest pessimist with the world’s largest chip on the world’s most belligerent shoulder.
They’d build a shrine to you and call you the World’s Most Miserable Human Being.  You would be given a Holy Talisman to hold up to the crowds of people who would adorn the sidewalks and highways just to catch a glimpse of either you or the coat you wore that still had the impression of your body when you fell down in a hypnotic trance.
I turned back to Gay.
“I wanted to talk to you to see if you had noticed anything unusual on the evening that the Holy Talisman disappeared,” I said.
“No, everything was splendidly boring.”
“Had any of the other students noticed anything unusual?”
“Not that I know of.  I try not to get too close to the other seminarians because it might raise my spirits too much.  Most others spend their time singing and having fun.  It would be too much like torture for me to join them.  I suppose I might be able to find a friend who would be willing to sit around and recite verses from the Holy Book with me, but as I said, I have them already memorized anyhow.”
“You seem close to Professor D’Verbose.  Would you happen to know whether he would have stayed late after his classes were over?”
“Why don’t you just ask him yourself,” asked Lesser.
He looked calm and confused at the same time.
“He’s a busy man.”
 “Oh, okay.  I don’t know if he was around, but I know what you’re trying insinuate.  You want to know if we were secretly being ‘happy’ together then,” Gay said.  “I am not happy and I doubt that the Professor is either.  I would never consider secretly meeting with him to be happy.  I am not just leading a life of depression so others won’t think I’m happy.  I am doing it for me.  It is truly how I want to feel.”
I felt sorry for my own prejudices that had invaded my thoughts without warning.  “Gay, I’m sorry if I slipped,” I said.  “Sometimes it’s hard to keep my stereotypes from creeping into conversation.”
“You need to be more sensitive to the rights of the ‘happy’.”
“Yes,” I answered slowly and respectfully.
“It’s not easy for them.”
“I know.”
“It’s easier to hate an idea or lifestyle when you don’t know anyone who is happy.  It’s just an abstract concept.  Now you will have a face to associate with the idea since you know someone ‘happy’ or I mean who people say is ‘happy’.  It will be more personal and real for you.”  
“Thank you.”  What else could I have said?  I needed to say something so that he could feel like he had made his point and I could move on.


* * * * *


Chapter 21

After I dropped Mr. Lesser off, I sat in my car to read the note that had been left on my windshield.  I had quickly palmed it when Mr. Lesser and I left for lunch.
The note said, “Leave by four or it will get ugly.”  This was a direct threat against me.  Things had gotten worse, not better.
It was the same handwriting as before.  I should have been trying to collect handwriting samples from all of the people that I’d met.  It could still be possible.  What could I send them officially or personally that each one would have to sign and send back?  If SRSIG gave them each a box of chocolates in appreciation for their participation, then would they each send me a thank you note?  The women might have, but I was probably looking for a man.  Men didn’t send thank you notes.  Well, they didn’t usually unless they were the “happy” type.
I could send them each a check reimbursing them for their time.  They would endorse it and I would collect the stubs.  No, it’s not believable that I would pay them.  The thief might have had a stamp for cosigning anyhow or he might have decided not to deposit it for months.
Angela might have been able to get me canceled paychecks for the seminary staff and some of the students.  There had to be an easier way.  The students might recognize their professors’ handwriting or vice versa.  How could I get everyone to see it?  I wondered if they had a student paper.  Even if I caught the note-writer, the notes were still not clear admissions of guilt.  However, it would narrow my search.
Coincidentally, four o’clock was when President Frost said he was having a meeting with all of the orders.  They needed to revise their plans for the Feast of the Sacrifice for the next day, since the Holy Talisman was gone.  He said it might be good for me to be there.  He wanted me to try whatever I could do to reinforce that temple should not be ripped apart to get souvenirs.
I wondered what would happen if at four, I looked like I was getting ready to leave, then I just hung around a few minutes more.  I could be like the bore of the party who won’t leave.  When, precisely, would it get ugly?  If I left by 4:01, would it get just a little unattractive?  If I left at 4:05, would it be cross-eyed with a face only a mother could love?  When would it have a long nose or become bug-eyed?  Exactly when would it become so ugly that you want to put a bag over its head?

I had the radio turned to the CUB affiliate and something caught my ear.
“Mr. Dan Glen Snott, the Assemblics refer to a ‘Holocaust of Cluckers.’  What can you tell us about this?”
“The death of several Cluckers is based on fact, but the Assemblics wildly exaggerate what happened to get sympathy from the public.  They also used it to subtly insult all of the Reform and Free-Assemblies.”
“How do they do that?”
“As you know, all of the Free-Assemblies were once a part of the Mother Assembly.  It was during their separation that the High Sire called the third Grand Council.  At the time, there was just one Free-Assembly, the movement hadn’t yet splintered into all of the denominations that we have now.”
“I see.”
“The Free-Assembly movement was waging a war of religious independence from the Mother Assembly.  The Assemblics have tried to blame us for the death of the Cluckers during the war.”
“Why would they do that?”
“It would absolve the Mother Assembly who was really responsible for the majority of the Cluckers’ deaths.”
“What exactly do they say about us?”
“They claim that extermination camps were organized in our territories.  Then, the Cluckers who were prevalent there were rounded up and killed.”
“Is there any truth in it?”
“Yes, that’s why it’s so hard to completely disprove them.  Yes, the Cluckers were rounded up into labor coops.  The purpose was to protect them.  The public’s loyalties were with the Free-Assembly.  The Cluckers were placed somewhere that they could safely work to support our war effort.  It was for their own good.”
“It seems logical.”
“Yes.  The Assemblics claim that we singled out the Cluckers, but that’s not true.  There were other orders that had members there, too.  They were also rounded up for their own protection.”
“How thoughtful.”
“The Assemblics claim that tens of thousands of Cluckers were systematically exterminated by us.”
“And that’s completely baseless?”
“Of course, they base this on the count of Silver Vials found at the camps.  The Assemblics say the Cluckers wore them.  However, those vials were all donated from the public to support the War of Freedom.  They were kept at the camps because it was a very secure place.”
“Then what happened to all the Cluckers?”
“They were always a smaller order than the other ones.  The Assemblics used an unreliable method called ‘sampling’ to estimate the number of Cluckers that were here.  With sampling you study a small part of the population, then multiply your results times the ratio to the total population.  It is an unreliable method because your sample may unknowingly have a higher number of Cluckers than the general population.”
“That’s poor science.”
“Yes, it is.”
“Did any of the Cluckers die during the war?”
“Unfortunately, yes.  We were in the middle of a war and conditions were harsh.  Some of the Cluckers were older and couldn’t last through the war.  Then, there were a few disciplinary problems with the younger Cluckers.  The mass graves were just an efficient means of disposing the dead.  If you identified all of the remains you would see that most of the bodies that are there were our own fighters.”
“Did any Cluckers survive?”
“Most probably, yes.  It’s likely that many of them came to sympathize with the justness of our freedom movement and merged with our society.”
“Thanks for sharing that with us.  Next up, proof that insurance is really making a compact with the Lord of Plagues because of its similarity to gambling.  Then after that, we will see that the Assemblic Preachers are called ‘Sires’ because they sire demon seed.” 
I turned off the radio.  It made perfect sense to me now.  Murland and the Clickers were working together.  Murland was very involved in the story here.  There was little doubt that he approved or maybe even asked for this story.
Their rantings about the genocide were too organized to be spur of the moment.  They must have had lots of time to think about how to discount the Clucker genocide.
The Clickers would also benefit from everyone thinking that the genocide was just a hoax.  The Clickers must have had a strong resentment for the Assembly’s Hierarchy.  It was the High Sire who decreed that they led a life of irrelevance.  The Clickers wanted to seek revenge.
It seemed that Murland and the Clickers would have made a perfect match for a conspiracy to upset the Mother Assembly.  They were both motivated by revenge.  If Murland somehow came into possession of a copy of the Talisman’s Policy, he might have sought out the Clickers to illicitly translate it.
The Clickers wouldn’t have had the technology to use a holographic projector, but they would have easily gone unnoticed if they had set one up.  Everyone ignored them.
Murland had been very critical of the entire Mother Assembly.  Could Murland and the Clickers have overcome their animosity towards each other so that they could satisfy their common hate towards someone else?  Murland had shown only spite for me, but the Clickers had been polite.  To be allies, Murland and the Clickers didn’t necessarily need to have exactly the same list of enemies.  One was enough.

Far from Neal Harris and long before his troubles, Sire Staunchly said, “Father Superior?”
“Yes.”
“I have cleared out the room of the recently departed Brother Weakstone.  I have donated his meager belongings to the poor.  However, there is one thing I am uncertain what to do with.”
“What is it?” asked the Father Superior.
“I don’t know,” he said holding up a bracelet.
“It looks similar to a strumpet’s bracelet, but very old and rusted.”
“No, it couldn’t be,” said Sire Staunchly.
“No, you are right.”  He looked closely at the bracelet.  He said, “Do you remember the story from the writings of Courier about the Holy Talisman?”
“Yes, Our Savior endowed a bracelet with healing powers, but it has been missing since the days of Our Savior two hundred years ago,” Sire Staunchly said factually.
“This must be the Holy Talisman.”
“Could it be?” Sire Staunchly said, surprised.
“It must be,” said the Father Superior with emotion.  “Brother Weakstone would be the person who would find it.  He knew the strumpets very well.  He ministered to them daily.  He must have found the bracelet and recognized it as the Holy Talisman.”
“But why would he keep it a secret until his death?”
“I can only think that he may have wanted to protect the strumpets from the criticism that they have hoarded it for all these years.  He was very protective of the strumpets.”
“It’s very rusted.  It’s made of low-grade iron.  How could it hold Our Savior’s blessings?” Sire Staunchly said.
“You’re right.  It should look much better.  However, the strumpets’ immorality must have tarnished it.”
“Oh, I see.”
“The promise of Our God is just hidden within it.  We just need to pray over it to restore it.”
“Why didn’t Weakstone do that?”
“Maybe it never occurred to him to try.  He was a little dense.”
“That is true.”
“Let’s pray together now.  If we want to restore it we must use our unquestioning faith to make our request of God,” the Father Superior said.
They prayed for a very long time, their fingers went numb from keeping them folded.  Since it had been at least three minutes since they started, Sire Staunchly peeked.
“It hasn’t changed yet,” he said.
“Then we must pray more,” the Father Superior said.
They prayed for a very, very long time, about five minutes.  Sire Staunchly peeked again.
“It still hasn’t changed,” he said.
“Our faith is perfect.  No one has a stronger faith than us.  We do not doubt.  Therefore, if God had wanted to change it he would have.  He obviously wants us to do it.  It is something that we could easily do.  It’s too mundane to use his infinite powers on,” the Father Superior said.
“Oh.”
“It’s a sign.  We need to make it more beautiful ourselves.  Our Savior wants the Holy Talisman’s beauty to reflect the tremendous gift that he has given to us through it.  It’s the gift of miraculous healing,” the Father Superior said.
“Thank you, Lord.”
“We need to sacrifice deeply to show our faith.  We must use all of our revenue from doughnut sales in the Seven Assemblies.  The Holy Talisman will become covered with the finest jewels available.”
“How will you explain that we’ve found it?”
“We will tell the truth.  God’s glorious hands bestowed it on us.  He hid it until we were ready.”
Many years passed.  The Holy Talisman was kept in a box in the Temple.  It was only brought out on very special occasions.
That day, a local land baron’s son was getting married.  It was a private ceremony with only the immediate families and the preacher present.
The bride’s and groom’s parents were meeting each other for the first time.  It was a rushed marriage.  The groom’s father had the groom pulled aside.
“She is a pretty woman and has cute hands, but son, you don’t need to marry a woman just to hold hands,” the father said.
“Father?”
“Yes, I know what the Holy Book says.  But we are important men.  We live by our own set of rules.  Many of the rules in the Holy Book make more sense to the commoners.”
“How?”
“When was the last time that you milked a goat?  Never!  We have our men do it.  Likewise much of what the Holy Book says doesn’t apply to us.”
“I see.”
“We have to make our own decisions.  For example, must you marry her?”  The father looked at the bride lustfully.
“She would be a fine mistress.  At your age you should have a couple mistresses.  Later, when I’m gone, you could keep several more,” he said.
“I love her.  I want to make her an honest woman.”
“I love all of my mistresses, too.  You can save marriage for the sake of money and social advancement.  There is always Pamela Da’Ugly.”
“Yuck.”
“You would only have to sleep with her to produce an heir.”
“Yuck.”
“With the lights off they all look the same.”
“Father, even with the lights off she would be repulsive in my mind.”
“Okay.  You’re a mature man now.  You need to make your own decisions.  It will make you ready to lead when I am gone.”
Meanwhile, the groom’s mother was talking to the bride’s parents.  She said, “How do we know that she has been chaste?  How can we be sure that she has not held hands?”
“Our daughter has been too busy supporting our family to have time to even think of such things,” the bride’s father said while he crossed his fingers behind his back.  But exactly how had their daughter supported them?  And how did she meet the groom?
The groom’s mother was doubtful.  Loudly, the bride’s father called to the Preacher and the bride.
“I wish to swear an oath over the Holy Talisman for my daughter’s innocence,” he said.
All of the wedding participants gathered at the altar.  The bride and groom stood together.  They were almost touching hands.
The bride’s father picked up the Talisman and held it towards his heart.
“I swear that my daughter is as pure as the Talisman, and as pure as her mother Harmony when I married her,” he said.
The groom’s family seemed satisfied.  They allowed the rituals to continue.
“You are now man and wife.  You may hold hands,” the preacher said.  The groom awkwardly fumbled to grip the bride’s hands.  She easily and willingly accepted his flush, hot, strong, hard hands into hers.
“Bless these bonds, Ralph, as you blessed this Holy Talisman.  Let this bracelet be a symbol of the bondage of the wife’s chastity to the husband and a symbol of the husband’s fidelity to the marriage.  His will be done,” the Preacher said.


* * * * *


Chapter 22

As I got out of my car, one man recognized me.  He followed me and hummed “Yankee Doodle Dandy.”  When he came to the part about “with the girls be handy” he repeated himself several times.  It was not proper to sing that song in public, although, my friend Darwin and I always used to tease each other with it.
“You’re a fine and dandy boy who is handy with the girls,” we would say.  However, to say that in public incited a reaction.
It was like a racial slur.  If your friend called you the N-word, then he was teasing you, but if a stranger called you that, then it was a fighting word.  The racist word was of course “nailed.”  It meant someone who was long-nailed or had scratchy fingernails.  It was used as a racist slur, but I wasn’t sure why.  Possibly some immigrants had poor manicure skills, but that was ancient history now.
My serenader followed me all the way to D’Verbose’s building.  I needed more information from him.  I wasn’t quite sure who to send the sheriff to arrest: D’Verbose, Murland, or God.
However, the Professor might have realized that I suspected him and he might have been very protective of his thoughts and anything that might slip out.  If I went to him and said, “Where were you four nights ago around six,” then he would freeze and I wouldn’t get anything useful from him.  If I appealed to his ego, then he was more likely to magnanimously brag and let something slip.  He was probably very good at being in-charge and dispensing unneeded advice.
The course schedule showed that it was a time that he would normally be in his office.  I decided to drop in.
“Professor D’Verbose, sir, I am completely lost on this case.  I thought that you might be able to provide me with some guidance since you are the expert on the Holy Talisman,” I said.
“Certainly, I will do what I can, but I am merely mortal.”
Did he have a deity complex that he was compensating for by focusing on mortality?
“I haven’t completely ruled out that humans may have contributed to the disappearance of the Holy Talisman.  I am trying to find if anything unusual happened that evening.  Did you see anything?” I asked.
“No.  On those days I leave early, very soon after my last class at 2.  Everything then seemed in the normal hectic routine for the Feast of the Sacrifice week.  You should really talk to the Widows to see if they noticed anything unusual.  They were the ones who, at vespers, found that the Holy Talisman was missing.”
“I did see them.  They weren’t much help.”  A nod.
“They were probably so much in awe by what they did see that they didn’t notice much else.”
I tried to give a nice hearty laugh while trying not to sound fake.  That was hard to do, but it sounded okay.
“And what did they see?” I asked.
“One can only guess.  I truly wish I were there to witness it myself despite the fact that my life’s work vanished.”
“Surely, such a well respected expert as you has done much other significant work.”
“Yes, actually, I was at PIT before I came here.”  People always said that with dignity.
“Oh.  It’s a very well regarded institution.”
“Yes.  Thank you.”
“What did you work on there?”
“I led a monumental investigation into the history of the Brotherhood of the Meek and Humble.”
It may have been a monumental investigation, but when I read the book I thought the best description would be ‘dry’.
“Wow.  It sounds important,” I said.
“It was important.  It revealed to the world the caring and insightful nature of a sometimes disregarded order.”
“Wonderful.”
“The Brotherhood hoped that my book would build enthusiasm among the young men to choose to seek orders.  It’s sad that so far that hasn’t happened.”
“Hmm,” I said.
“I have to wonder if it’s being distributed properly.  It sits in the libraries when it needs to be in the hands of our young men.”  He paused.  “That reminds me.  I have some extra copies, would you like one?”
I almost said that I already had a copy.  That wouldn’t have been so great to reveal.  I graciously accepted the book and excused myself.
If I would have stayed in his office any longer, I might have been the one that revealed clues.  During our talk, I wasn’t successful in getting him to reveal where he was when the Talisman was taken, but I did confirm that he liked Creams.

I walked past two young Brownies just standing and talking.  I recognized that they had been among the group pulling up tiles in the Temple.  They recognized me, too.
They were just innocently talking, but when they saw me their faces became filled with guilt.  I didn’t suspect them of doing anything right then.
Their emotion reminded me how a child might have felt after being caught doing something naughty.  It reminded me of how I felt whenever I saw my mother after my torn Playhand magazines had been found and thrown away.  The young Brownies didn’t know how to get their integrity back.
I wished I could help them, but I needed to check another thought that President Frost had given me that morning.  He said that the Prayer Scientists would be conducting vigils.  I walked into the Temple.  The same group of a dozen or more men sat on the last benches at the back.  They were deep in prayer as before.
One of the men was wearing a medallion around his neck.  It was a good bet that he was the leader.
I decided to quietly interrupt him.  The vigil may have gone on for hours and it shouldn’t have been any big deal to interrupt him.  They were praying silently.
“Excuse me.  Are you Pr. Meekly?” I asked.  He didn’t look up to see who I was.
“Gracious God, let this soul seek your guidance,” he prayed aloud after a few moments.
Silently, I repeated the prayer I had done this morning.  I waited for several more minutes peeking out periodically to see if he was done.  Were we waiting for a reply?
“Prayerful Meekly, if I could please have a few minutes from you to answer some questions.  I’m Neal Harris from SRSIG.  I’m investigating the disappearance of the Holy Talisman,” I said.
“Lord, let Mr. Harris ask his questions of you,” he said.  He wasn’t being evasive.  I was sure of that.  It was obviously how he spoke and thought.  I wondered if it meant he thought he was part of God, or God was part of him, or he’d just let God field the questions since there were no answers anyway.
That would have been fine except I was expecting an answer.
Prayerful Meekly was telling things through his prayer.  How could I ask him a question?
“Dear God, I wish to know if any of the Prayer Scientists witnessed your miraculous lifting up of the Holy Talisman,” I prayed aloud.
“Lord, we thank you for allowing us to be graced by your presence four days ago,” he prayed.
So that’s how it worked.  We ‘talked’ with God.
While I was interviewing God, I thought should ask him about some of the mysteries of life.  For example, why did women behave so strangely?  Were women really another species?
“Dear God, please let me more fully understand the experience that these people had while in your presence.”
“Lord, we thank you for the ultimate experience of life.  It’s the experience of talking with you daily.  It can only be fully experienced when one completely humbles oneself and bows before your will.”
Were they praying?  Did they actively see anything?
“Dear God, did the Prayer Scientists see your manifestation as you took up the Holy Talisman?”
“Lord, let Mr. Harris understand that we are always in your manifest presence when we pray,” he prayed resentfully.
“Dear God, did the Prayer Scientists experience any unique sensations that evening?”
“Lord, let Mr. Harris understand that it is always a unique experience for every person, every time that he prays.  The experience of being in your infinite presence reflects differently on each person depending upon their expectations and devotion.”
“Dear God, did the Prayer Scientists hear anything that evening?”
“Lord, we thank you for the glorious sounds of worship music.”
“Dear God, did they hear anything flying around?”
“Lord, please help Mr. Harris to be more specific in his prayers.  What exactly is the sound of flying?”
“Dear God, did they hear any wings flapping?”
“Lord, we thank you for Mr. Harris’s sense of humor.  As you realize, Lord, no birds were loose in the temple then.”
“Dear God, were there any other sounds such as a low buzzing or humming?”
“No,” confused pause, “I meant to say ‘Lord, Mr. Harris is again showing his sense of humor.  No bees or humming birds were around then.’”
I felt resigned that they had observed absolutely nothing useful.  They weren’t helpful in tracking down what happened.  They could have heard something if there was anything to hear.  They seemed to be there a lot.  They might have heard something else useful such as the installation of holographic equipment.  If they had just opened their eyes, they might have seen something.
“God, I thank the Prayermen for maintaining vigil in the Temple.  How long have they been here honoring you with praise?” I prayed.
“Lord, Mr. Harris is a delight to have in your Temple.  We thank you for his creation.  We have maintained our vigil here since the beginning of the Holy week.  No more than a third of us are away at any time for sleep or other necessities.”
“Dear God, I hope there weren’t many distractions during their homage to you.”
“Lord, we thank you for the blessing of having many people come to worship you in the Temple every day.  They are not distractions, but the reason for the Temple.  Although two days ago, the Brownies did seem to be making sort of a grating or scraping sound, we must not judge other’s peculiar rituals.”
“Dear God, of course your people coming to worship aren’t distractions, but did the maintenance crew disturb the vigil at any time?” I prayed.
“Lord, we also thank you that President Frost had the foresight to finish anything that needed to be done before Holy Week.”
“Dear God, I thank you for allowing me to come to you with these questions.  Will.  Amen,” I prayed.
“Lord, we thank Mr. Harris for his praise of you and for his interest in prayer and humor.”
That was the most answered prayers I’d ever had in my life.
While I was interviewing God I should have asked why he allowed happiness in the world.  Happiness was always temporary.  The possibility that we could be happy just taunted us and made us more miserable.  If we just accepted our misery, we would have been much happier.
Second, I should have asked if there was life after death.  Would we be forced to live in a perpetual state of excruciating happiness?  Third, if the purpose of life were to have us worship him, then wouldn’t it have been easier to simply create a flock of angels to sing his praises?  Lastly, why did lint collect in my belly button? 


* * * * *


Chapter 23

It was nearly 4 so I went to the President’s office.  Seeing protestors made me frustrated that they claimed to practice the same religion that I did.  It almost made me want to change religions.  Was there really a difference between religions?  I didn’t know.
Which one was best?  Ralphism, The Law, Masculinationalism, or the Kama Sutra?
What I really needed to do was create a Stock Exchange for salvation credits.  If someone was unsure of their religion, then they could just invest in another.  You could trade some of your excess good works done by the moral standards of one religion to faith credits in another religion.
First, on everyone’s mind was to become deserving, so they would have a nice fluffy cloud on which to spend eternity instead of the bowels of a barbeque pit.  There would be no worries about this if their portfolio included an investment in all known religions.
These types of investments would be best not left to stock fund managers.  What if the manager was wrong?  Everyone would need to look at each stock prospectus themselves.  Some stocks would be much higher risk because they actually required you to believe something.  That was much harder to do than just payoff someone for his good-works credits.
Other religions were less difficult to invest in.  A few healing jewels scattered around the apartment and you were set.  No worries.  The jewels protected you from having worries.
One problem with this system was how much investment was needed in each religion.  Could anyone ever have enough?  It would have been simpler if some authority, such as an Archangel, could simply grant a soul voucher when you had reached the minimum level.
I met the President and Angela at their offices then walked with them to the Feast meeting.  There was a head table at the front of the room.  The President said that I was to sit at the table with him and Angela.
The Brownies and Creams sat on opposite sides of the room.  No groupies, gawkers, or reporters were invited.  Many people were drinking the refreshments and talking about the Feast.  Prayerful Meekly with another of his fellow Prayer Scientists were there and sat in the back praying.  President Frost’s invitation to the Feast of the Sacrifice must have told them there would be a meeting.
All of the orders had arrived except for the Widows.  The room gave a very good view of the Mother Assembly.  Most of the Assembly’s orders that were active locally were attending the celebration.  One of the major orders not represented fully was the Order of Preachers.  Its members were conducting their own celebrations for the lay Assemblics at each Temple.  It was by far the biggest order, but only Sire Frost, the President, represented them at this event.  Then Angela and I represented the lay people in the Assembly.
I overheard a couple of Bowers.  One bower said, “The Feast has to go on.  There is no doubt about that.”
Bow. “I agree.”
Bow. “However, it must be more humble to reflect upon this great loss.”
Bow. “I don’t think the Feast could get any humbler.  What we need to do is celebrate.  God has reached out to us.”
Bow. “He has reached to take from us.  The Feast is about sacrifice.  Celebration would spoil the dour mood.”
Bow. “Maybe that’s why God took the Talisman.  He was bored with moodiness.  He wants a party.”
Bow. “I doubt….”
The President had had enough.  He interrupted by saying to Angela and me, 
“Where are the Widows?  It’s past four.  That’s irresponsible for them to be late.  They can’t expect us to hold up everything for them.  If we start now without them then they will miss important information, but if we wait then we may not have enough time to get through everything.”
“Um-huh,” Angela humored her boss.
The President stood around stewing for a couple more minutes.  He looked at his watch, then looked at the door and let out an overacted sigh.
Finally, the Primary Sister and her attendants arrived.  The President announced that everyone should be seated.  We moved to the head table and sat.  As we waited for everyone to sit, Angela eyed the large platter of cookies on the front table.  They were at President Frost’s end.
“If you don’t mind,” and pointed at the platter.  The President began to pick up the platter.
“Oh.  Just hand me an oatmeal raisin,” Angela said.
The President handed her one.  Then when the Widows were finally seated.
“We’re glad you could make it.”
“There wasn’t any soap, or supplies, um, t.p., in the women’s restroom,” the Primary Sister responded shyly as if she was too embarrassed to talk about such matters.
“You could have gone to the library or Student Union.”
“We did.  That’s why we were late.”
“You should plan ahead next time so that you can be here early.  It’s not our problem if you’re unprepared.”
“You should have more supplies there,” said the Sister.
“The housekeeping contract requires them to clean and stock the bathrooms only once each morning.”
“We’re sorry. We didn’t know that we were supposed to use the facilities only in the morning.  The supplies are not enough,” said the Sister.
“This is a men’s seminary.  Those arrangements have always been sufficient.”
“Actually, I think I remember a problem last year, too.  Is there any way you can open the supply cabinet so we can get more supplies?” the Sister asked.
“No, but I can move some over from the men’s room,” the President said.  He was looking a little worked up and he went into a nap.
The sisters nodded vigorously.
“They probably put the extra supplies in there,” one said to the others.
“Lord, grant us bountiful toilet paper,” Prayerful Meekly said.
“Men don’t need it,” the President said when he awoke.
As the other sisters continued nodding the Primary Sister looked up questioningly.
“Men don’t need to wash their hands because their members are clean,” he continued.
“Oh,” the sisters said and became red in the face.
“Lord, bless us with sanitary practices,” Prayerful Meekly said.
Angela, who was taking a bite of her cookie that the President had handed her, stopped biting, looked at the cookie, carefully opened her mouth and set it on a napkin.
“Thank you for sharing that with us,” she said to the President.
Then she wiped her mouth.
“You’re welcome,” he said.
The Cream Patriarch spoke up.
“You should have gotten doughnuts instead.”
Then the President began discussing tomorrow’s schedule.  He said that the meeting was to be a discussion, but mostly he was just telling them what he had arranged.
I began thinking about the people here and whether they would have taken the Talisman.  The Clickers seemed to be keeping their vows of irrelevance.  They might have wanted to seek revenge for being put in their current position.  I had been getting threats from someone.  I couldn’t see how the Clickers would want to threaten me.  Their disagreement was with the office of the High Sire.  They didn’t seem to have the ability to pull off a theft, but with Robert Murland’s help they might have been able to do it.  If the High Sire tried to save the church by mistranslating the insurance police, then the Clickers could have been the trump card.  They could jump up and say: “You lie.”  They could click it and they could probably find someone who would listen.
Robert Murland seemed to have the desire and capacity for doing harm.  He didn’t seem to have any great interest in the Holy Talisman, but he might have wanted it after learning of the impact of its theft.  Who was his source?  The CUB news truck arrived too soon after the theft.
Next, I looked at the Widows.  Sister Camilla-Beatrice was looking back at me.  She appeared to be trying to remember something.  She was looking at me through the corner of her eyes and with pursed lips.  I looked away.  Looking at people’s eyes was how you recognized them.  If she didn’t see mine she wouldn’t know who I was.
The thief used the Widows as witnesses because of the purity of their minds and hearts.  It was beyond their capacity to believe that anyone other than God could have taken the Talisman.
The Bowers had a lifestyle of brutal honesty.  I couldn’t believe that they would be able to keep a secret from anyone.  However, they might have had a juvenile whim to tell a lie just to prove that they could do it.
The Brownies and the Creams were sitting in the opposite back corners.  It wasn’t going to be easy having them in the same room, let alone the same conversation.  The Brownies seemed unlikely suspects.  They had tried to remove tiles from the temple.  Why would they draw attention to themselves for tiles if they had the real thing?
The Creams had the motive of self-preservation of their tradition.  Bankruptcy would turn the church back to its old ways.  However, without D’Verbose’s help, they couldn’t have known about the policy or been able to carry out an effective theft.
Additionally, because the Brownies and Creams were such great foes they probably both had spies in each other’s orders.  I doubted that they could have kept the theft a secret.  However, it was possible that one person in the order participated by providing encouragement to D’Verbose.  The others might not have known about it.
I didn’t know much about the Prayer Scientists.  Their sights were on much higher things than icons.  They talked with God and they helped God answer questions when he was tongue-tied.  They were doing a great service for him and us since God seemed to have a perpetual loss for words.  I didn’t see how they could benefit from the Talisman’s disappearance.  They would become bankrupt like everyone else.
I had also suspected the Simpletons.  The threatening notes that I’d gotten seemed more in their psychotic style than any of the distinguished Assemblic orders.
The first note said that they “have it”.  I wondered who could “get it”.
I got distracted as I thought that Angela could definitely “get it”.  I might have made her beg for it though.  Mmm, that was a pleasant thought.
The sun came from behind a cloud and it shined brightly on the head table from my side.
“Mr. Harris would you please close the drapes?” the President said.
“The drapes?” I asked.  I thought that it might be too embarrassing for me to stand up right now.  I had been thinking too many warm thoughts.
“Yes, the drapes,” he said.
“I’ll get them,” Angela said as she got up.  “Neal has a thing for drapes.  They have to be just his style or he won’t have anything to do with them.”
“Thanks, Angela, I must have drifted off,” I said.
“Lord Bless your beauty.”  Pr. Meekly said, “Lord, we thank you for all the beauty in your world; the sun, the clouds, nature which inspire our thoughts and let us drift off to you.  Thank you also for ourselves and our joyous peculiarities in preference for drapes.”
The President cleared his throat.
“Next, Mr. Harris, please tell us why the Temple’s tiles and other fixtures must stay there.”
“Lord Bless Mr. Harris, and enable him to speak with justice so that no one believer is placed above another,” Pr. Meekly added.
“Yes.  The complete Temple is now one holy object.  This is because when you sell property it is sold as a whole and that includes the in-place fixtures,” I said.
I paused as I considered what to say next.
Someone bowed and said, “But if we remove the furnishings, then we can each have something holy.”
Someone else bowed and said, “I agree.  We need something holy for our Temples.”
I imagined a stripped Temple with its floor tiles and light bulbs taken.  Those pieces would adorn the altars around the world.  This was a good way to get rid of the people who came there to worship at the Feast of the Sacrifice.  They would have their own Holy artifacts.  However, there should have been some way to prevent pillaging of the Temple.
Another Bower began her bow.  I interrupted her during the Bow before she started talking.  I had seen the President do the same thing earlier.
“It is not the materials that are holy.  It is the place,” I said.
“Bless your Temple, Oh Lord,” Pr. Meekly prayed.
Bow. “But the light from God’s image fell upon these things, so they are each holy on their own.”
I also needed to keep talking so they couldn’t get their comments into the conversation.  I interrupted another bow.
“The Holiness of God does not enter material, but blesses a place.  When you remove and replace a light bulb in the Temple, the removed light bulb ceases to be part of the place.  It’s no longer holy.  The new light bulb becomes holy.
“To reinforce my statements I will make an official ruling as a representative of SRSIG.  I will deny insurance coverage to anything removed from the Temple.  We have nothing to do with illicitly acquired objects.
“Ralph forbid, that if a tile was damaged during transportation then all you would have is a damaged floor tile.  The SRSIG would not be able to use its long arm to help.”
I hoped that they didn’t think that they could just break everything up and have ten times as many holy objects.  The scuffed and chipped floor tiles that had been scraped up would be much less aesthetically pleasing if they were broken into pieces.  Although it wouldn’t be as embarrassing to walk into St. Calvin Klein one day and see a holy chip of floor tile, rather than the whole thing, I didn’t think that I would want to kiss the Holy Floor Tile during Assembly after I had walked on it.
A Bower began to bow, but I was done with my part so I said to the President, “Thanks for letting me speak on this.”
“Bless Neal Harris and the SRSIG for their long arms to protect us,” the President said in a tone mimicking Pr. Meekly.   Lastly, he made a few closing comments about wishing for peace among us during the time of the Feast.


* * * * *


Chapter 24

I followed President Frost and Angela back to their offices.  They were talking about the following day’s activities.  I had very few facts to go on in this case.  Had to rely on no one and suspect everyone and I still had nothing.
In that case, I needed to rely on intuition more now and take a few chances.  People didn’t rely on their intuition enough.  They insisted on facts.  This was always a mistake.  Facts had room for error.  As a matter of fact, the very essence of a fact implied that it was the truth, something hard and fast although, no one was exactly sure what that meant, since some things were soft and slow.
However, the truth was that facts could be wrong.  For example, my APE frat brothers encouraged me to ask a girl to a college dance.  They said that they were certain that I would succeed.  This was their logic:  Girls love accountants.  This was an undeniable fact.  Girls love to hear about proper ledger entries.  It showed my intelligence.  It was a fact that high intelligence was a sensual turn-on because it was an undeniable fact that high intelligence was the prime factor that women looked for in prospective mates.
With all of those facts, I was convinced to try to ask a girl to the dance.  However, when I talked to her my intuition was telling me that something was wrong.  She winced as in pain when I suggested that we go to the dance together.  That could have been coincidental.  She could have been to the dentist that day and had her wisdom pulled out.  That was what I tried to tell myself.  However, considering how much she winced she must have had all her teeth pulled out.
Nevertheless, I continued trying to convince her to go to the dance.  I laid out my case very logically.  If the party of the first part, hereby known as Neal Harris, took the party of the second part, her, to the dance Friday, then the party of the second part would be entitled to several benefits.  She will be entitled to bus fare to and from the dance.  She would be granted admission to the dance and no more than two drinks.  At the end of the evening, there would be no obligation for any signs of affection.  However, the party of the first part reserved the right to attempt such affection.  Further contractual arrangements between the parties of the contract could develop based on successful completion of the agreement.
It did not work.  Facts were meaningless.  I should have trusted my anxieties that told me to stay home.
I didn’t see that either Angela or the President had mischievous personalities.  That would have been too hard to hide.  My intuition would have told me something.
I trusted them both.  They might be able to provide some more clues.  I could talk to them together because they wouldn’t be able to lie as easily.  The other one could catch the other’s deceptions.
We got to President Frost’s office.
“I’ve been working on a theory that the Holy Talisman was taken to cause great disruption,” I said.
“It’s certainly done that,” said the President.
“Yes, but it could do much more.”
“How?”
I told them about arrangements that would have to be made to meet an infinite payment on a claim.  They appreciated the seriousness of the implications.
“I have two people in mind who may have a motive to cause the disruption.  One is Professor D’Verbose.”
“D’Verbose maybe a little eccentric but he is not destructive.  He is probably just putting on a good act when he defends the old ways.  He puts on the act because he is defensive of his work.  You should see his home and all of the electronic toys that he couldn’t live without.  He’d die in the Stone Age,” Angela said.
“I agree completely.  I have seen how devastated he’s become since the loss of the Talisman,” the President said.
“Okay,” I said.  They knew him better than I did.  “The other suspect is Robert Murland and his groupies, but this theory relies upon him knowing about the Talisman’s policy and finding a way to take it.  I wish we could find out how he’s been getting all of his inside information.”
“Yes,” said the President.
“How did he know so quickly that the Talisman was missing?” Angela said.
“Who knew that it was gone?”  I asked.
“We will never know who the Widows told besides us,” said the President.  “I told just Angela and Joy that evening.  Early the next morning I called SRSIG.”
“I didn’t talk to anyone about it until the next day,” Angela said.
The President raised his voice and yelled out his door, “Joy, did you tell anyone that the Holy Talisman was missing?”
“What do you mean?”  She said back.
“On the night it was taken, after I told you it was missing who did you tell?”
“Um,” she paused.
We arose to go out to her.
“The WCUB tip line,” she said.
We stood staring at her.
“Nobody said it was secret,” she said.  I got caught up in the excitement.
“This is important.  What did you tell them and when?” I asked.
“That’s all,” she said.  “Except when one of their cute reporters stopped in earlier this week.  Angela, you know Arthur Kent.  He’s so hot.”  
Angela smirked.
“He was all flirty with me.  I might have let it slip out that Neal and Angela were all over each other,” Joy said.
“Joy!” she said.
“Sorry.”
“Did you ever talk to Robert Murland?” I asked.
“No,” she said.
“Have you ever talked to anyone at WCUB before this week?”
“No.”
I stood there thinking.  Angela and Joy started going through apologies, talked of forgiveness and tried to repair their friendship.
The President and I went back into his office.  It was unlikely that Murland would have had two sources.  This meant Murland couldn’t have known about the Talisman’s policy.
“That shot my theory about Murland.  As the Widow said, the only suspect I have left is the Hand of God,” I said.
“Yes, the Instrument of God.”
“Wait.  Did they say the Hand of God or the Instrument of God?” I demanded.
“They said….”  The President went into a nap.  He had sensed my heightened anxiety.  I was beginning to see more than a mere pattern to his behavior.  Maybe he suffered from “sympathetic anxiety”, a disorder that should be recognized by those who categorize meaningless dribble, to be differentiated from meaningful dribble.
The Clickers had told me that the Hand of God took it.  It would be typical of them to have used a shorter equivalent word rather than “instrument”.  The “hand” of God meant a direct act by God.  However, the instrument of God could have several meanings.  It could mean the Hand of God.  It could also mean someone acting in God’s authority and sometimes it meant the Bandore that the Widows often played during their worship to entice God’s presence.
I needed to know exactly what they told the President.  It made a big difference in meaning to this investigation.  Did the Widows say ‘instrument’, or did the President just use a lazy equivalent word?
I couldn’t stand waiting.  I looked at the clock.  The Widows were in vespers in the Temple.  They might be gone soon.  This was a good time to get to them.  I really needed to know exactly what they said before I accused them.
I couldn’t cope with the pressure.  Too much relied on this.  I needed to find some way to escape.  My therapist said to go to a happy place whenever I felt anxiety.  Were there any tables to hide under?  No.  Were there any closets to hide in?  No.
What else could I do?  I could sing the song.  No, I couldn’t sing it.  There had to be some other way to escape the pressure.  No.  There was nothing else.  I had to sing the song.
“I love you.  You love me.  We’re a hap-py fam-i-ly,” I sang aloud.
Is it surprising that I had to see a therapist?  Most normal people saw them.  Most anxiety-laden people that is.  No.  Normal people really did see them too.  Normal people who happened to be anxiety-laden.  People who couldn’t buy a replacement television without worrying about whether the purchase would cause the eventual destruction of human kind.  Not because TV’s were evil, but because buying an appliance rather than fixing up an old one caused an incremental destruction of the earth to mine the constituents, forced slave labor to manufacture it, and burned fossil fuels to deliver it.
Again I sang, “I love you.  You love me.  We’re a hap-py fam-i-ly.”
Just then the President awoke.
“What?  Pardon me.  Did you say ‘you love me’?” He said.
“No.  It’s just a song from a television show.”
“Which show?”
“That’s not important.  Did the Widows say….”  
He was out again.  He had sensed more anxiety.  There was no need to finish my question.
I needed to go to a happy place so I didn’t frighten him back into a trance again when he came out this time.  I had to control myself.  I needed to do the other song.  I’d just hum it.
“Hum, hum, hum.  Hum, hum, hum.”  That wasn’t working.  I needed to sing it.
“Three Blind Mice.  Three Blind Mice.  See how they run.  See how they run.”
“Who’s running in the halls,” said the President.  “Running is not allowed in the halls.”
“No one’s running,” I said. “What did….”  He was out again.
Maybe the next one would work.
“Mary had a little lamb….”
Angela peeked in.  She must have heard me.  Did she think I was a lunatic for singing?  Or worse, did she think that I’d been overcome by religious fervor and was possessed by a Holy force?  
It probably appeared to her that I was on a religious roll, the kind that only happened in The Ostentatious Cathedral of Way too Much Glass to Have Been Built By an Airport.
When I started investigating the disappearance of the Holy Talisman, I had free will, my own thoughts, my own ideas.  I hoped they were still with me.
“Its fleece was white as snow,” I sang impulsively.  I clasped my hand over my mouth.
“You’re terrible, teasing him like that,” Angela said smiling.  I tried to smile, too.  She knew that it’s improper to make fun of a preacher in a trance.  She went back out.
I sang, “It followed her to school one day.  That’s way against the rule.”
“What?  What?  Did someone let a lamb in here,” said the President.
“No,” I said, but he was out again.
I couldn’t resist it.  It’s getting too tense in here.  I had to do it.  I had to sing it.
“I’m a little teapot short and stout.”  With hand motions, “Here is my handle.  Here is my spout.”
Angela peeked through the door again and laughed.
“When I get all steamed up hear me shout:  Tip me over and pour me out. Tip me over and pour me out.”
Whew.  I felt much better now that I’d let that out.  Angela did a quiet clap.
The President awoke.  He looked around and sensed peace.  Then he said, “They most definitely said ‘instrument’.”

In a place far from Neal Harris and long before his time, two strumpets were talking.  Out of a sense of compatriotism, they referred to each other as sisters.
“Have you heard that Brother Weakstone has died?” the younger Sister said.
“Stony?  Oh no, sister.  I feel like I have just been widowed,” said the older Sister.
“He was such a good man.”
“Yes, he was a very good man,” said the older Sister.  “He had a lot of practice being good.”
“Who had the most experience with his good works?”
“Long ago, Sister Harmony was his favorite.”
“I don’t know of her,” said the younger Sister.
“She retired.”
“Retired?  I’ve never heard of any sister retiring.”
“Stony was so good to her that she was able to do it,” said the older Sister.
“I had thought that I would have to work until I die.  I didn’t know strumpets could retire.  The work is not that hard.”
“Yes, we just sit while men touch our hands.  Now and again we might say a prayer such as ‘Oh God’ or ‘My Lord’.”
“One of my favorites is ‘Bless us, Oh Lord, and these thy gifts, that we are about to receive, let us be truly grateful, through Ralph Our Lord. Amen.’” the younger Sister said.
“Yes, that one works too,” said the older Sister.  “It was one of Stony’s favorites.  I believe that the deeply religious nature of visiting us is what inspired him to be so good.”
“I agree,” said the younger Sister.  “By the way, what happens to a strumpet’s bracelet when she retires?”
“I don’t know what Sister Harmony did with hers.  It was her choice.”
“Yes.”
“It would be a waste of jewelry not to display it, but instead to hide it someplace damp and musty that it might get rusted.”
“Maybe we could wear them somewhere else, like on an ankle.”
“Excellent idea, but I think that simply moving it to the other wrist would be sufficient.”
Just then another strumpet entered.  Her age was between the other two sisters.
“Is it true?  Did Brother Weakstone die?” the mid-aged Sister said.
“Yes, Sister, I am afraid so,” said the older Sister.
“Does this change our plans?”
“Which plans?” said the older Sister.  “Do you mean our plans to take over the world?”
“No, the other one.”
“The plan to get tax relief?” said the older Sister.
“Yes.”
“I don’t think so.  Stony’s ideas don’t require that we have him implement them,” said the older Sister.
“He was planning to manage the accounts.”
“Yes, sister, that was kind of him to offer to do that, but I’ve had many years experience managing the Guild’s finances.  I should be able to continue doing it even if I retire.”
“When will you be able to retire from strumpeting?” the youngest Sister said.
“Brother Weakstone’s plan was that as soon as we make the Strumpet Guild a non-profit corporation then we can stop paying taxes to Caesar. Instead, as a religious organization the member strumpets will tithe to us.  The tithes will go to support the retirement of the older strumpets.  When you get so old that you have to say longer and longer prayers to satisfy your client then it is time to say, ‘It is enough,’” the oldest Sister said.
“You sound very secure that you will be able to keep your social standing,” the youngest Sister said.
“Yes, sister, I will be very socially secure,” the oldest Sister said.


* * * * *


Chapter 25

I turned and ran to the Temple.  Sorry, sometimes it was necessary to run through the halls.  Outside, on the way to the temple, I passed a young couple sitting on a lawn blanket drinking tea.  I also passed the Creams parading around the lamb that would be their dinner during tomorrow’s Feast.
I entered the temple and saw that the Widows were still conducting their worship.
“It is good to Praise the Lord,” the Primary sister said.
“And make music to your name, O Most High,” the Widows responded.
“To proclaim your love in the morning and at night,” the Primary said.
“. . . to the music of the instruments of praise,” the Widows responded.
“Gracious God, you have called us to give you worship and praise.  You bless us with those who have the gifts to make instruments of music.  Bless this instrument of music used for your praise,” the Primary said.  She lifted up a Bandore.  “Bless those who have made it, those who have played it, those who have heard it, and all who ever will.”
“Speak to one another through songs,” the Primary said.
“Sing and make music in your heart to the Lord,” they responded.
Then “Always give thanks for everything.”
“Amen.”
The Widows bowed, then began to leave.  The Primary sister was first, followed by the others.
The Primary sister was on her way out.  I needed to take a chance.  I smiled and held out my hand for a shake as is sometimes done after Assembly services.  She clasped it.
“So nice to see you,” she said.  I held her hand firmly and used my other hand to release her bracelet.  She was startled, but I wasn’t concerned with that.
I looked at the charm.  It was identical to the other ones I’d seen except this one didn’t say “Made in China.”  The materials looked less synthetic and more genuine.
“This is the Holy Talisman,” I said.
“All of our sisters wear the Talisman,” I said.
“This is THE Holy Talisman.’
“There are many.”
“This is the Holy one,” I said.
“They are all holy to us.”
“It is the one that Mary the strumpet wore,” I said.
“Possibly.”
“How did it get on to your wrist?”
“By the will of God and His Hand,” she said.
“The Hand of God or his instrument?”
“They are the same,” she said.
“Did any human hands help?”
“Human hands can do the will of God on earth.”
“How did you ever think that you could get away with it?”
“With what?” she asked.
“Hmm,” I thought for a moment.  “How could you ever display the Talisman again?”
“What God’s Hand has taken may be returned to its proper place.”
“This should go back where it belongs.”
“It belongs with the Sisterhood for the Renunciation of the Flesh.  We are the heirs of Mary the Strumpet.  The Order of Preachers has had possession of it for millennia since they acquired it under suspicious circumstances.  We don’t take it for our benefit.  We intend to use its healing powers more effectively by holding frequent special healing services.”
“Why didn’t you protest this millennia ago?”

The Talisman was gently set onto its reliquary by an instrument of God borrowed from a protesting sister.  The Hand of God had to try a few times to get it positioned just right.
I’d told myself not to get too worried.  I’d hoped that God wasn’t upset with me.  What if it truly was God’s will that the sisters have the Talisman?
I needed a sign.  The sign didn’t need to be a lightening bolt, just a sign.  Something like a dove materializing out of air.
Could God be depended on to send a sign in a small way?  This would be coming from a being that made universes, caused plagues and disasters.  Maybe his hands were too big and his attempts at communication resulted in disaster.
I could imagine God trying to pat someone on the back.  “Oh blimey, an earthquake.”  Then he would want to express joy about world peace.  “Drat, a volcano.”  Then he would want to encourage brotherly love, “Rats, a flood.”
There was no dove or lightening bolt, so I sat the Talisman back into the reliquary.  I never thought that I would be a miracle.  This would raise my self-esteem.  It was going to be a let down for me after this when I was just an insurance adjustor again.
In the end, the sisters didn’t protest too much when they realized that they could be bankrupted to pay for the Talisman’s claim.  By taking the Talisman, they would be bringing about their own demise.  They also saw that they would have greater status because of this.  They had witnessed two miracles.  The Talisman, which was closely connected to their order, would have greater significance because God had borrowed it.  Even though they didn’t have actual possession of the Talisman, the Widows’ status would increase.  The biggest miracle was that everyone felt healed by its return.


* * * * *


Chapter 26

The President and Angela had followed me to the Temple and arrived in time to witness the miracle.  Soon after the replacement, Professor D’Verbose arrived.  Then various members of the other orders began to filter into the Temple.  They came to the front to marvel at the Talisman.
Stories were already beginning to circulate among the crowd about the miracle.  Apparently, I had eloquently called upon God for a sign of his will.  He answered by returning the Talisman.  I wasn’t going to say anything to correct them.  It was in the interest of SRSIG that everyone thought this was the place where God wanted the Talisman to stay.
My cell phone rang.  It was Ted.
“Hello?” I said.
“Neal?” he said.
“Yes,” I said.  I wasn’t sure who else would be answering a phone strapped to my belt.
“It’s Ted Duffy, at Sacred Recluse Self Insurance Group.”  I’m glad he straightened that confusion.  I might have known some other Ted at SRSIG.
“Yes,” I said.
“It’s here,” he said.
“What’s there?”
“The translation.”
“We don’t need it anymore,” I said.  “The Talisman has been returned.  There won’t be any significant claim.”
“Yes, the High Sire has returned translation.”
He thought I said translation rather than talisman.
“We have the real Talisman,” I said.
“Yes, the High Sire really translated it.”
“It doesn’t matter.  We have the Talisman,” I said.
“It matters.  When we found it yesterday we couldn’t read it because it was in Chicken Scratch.”
“Yes, I remember, what does it say?”  I gave up.
“The loss-clause requires payment only if it’s lost.  We know exactly where it is.  It is with God so we don’t have to pay.” I thought he was misreading the meaning of ‘lost’, but I wasn’t going to argue with him over it.
“Okay then.  See you tomorrow?” he said.
“Yes.  See you tomorrow.  Bye,” I said.
“Bye.”
I walked over to President Frost.
“The SRSIG got out of this without having to pay anything,” he said.
“Not quite,” I said. “We owe you $294.”
“What for?”  
“There are twenty seven floor tiles that need to be replaced.  At $11 each, that’s $294.  We will send you a check.”
“Thank you.”
I would have liked to have spoken to Angela, too.  She was talking to the Professor.  D’Verbose was elated about the Talisman’s return, but sorry he missed another miracle.  Angela was probably giving him all the details.  I wondered which explanation he would get.  As the Talisman’s custodian, would he be more interested in the glorious miracle of recovery or the straight unembellished story?  I had no interest in talking to him and answering his questions, so I headed for the exit.
Camila-Beatrice met me along at the end of the aisle.  I wasn’t going to make eye contact or say ‘hi’, but then she said, “Mr. Harris.”
“It’s funny,” she said.  She had that same pouting lips look when you’re trying to remember something.  “I thought I recognized you, but then I remembered that the man I was thinking of was called Mr. Tarzan, so it couldn’t have been you.”  She looked at my face to judge my reaction.
I tried to give a noncommittal expression of consideration for her thought.  Then I said, “Hmm.”
She didn’t say anything else for a moment so I exited.
A column of Jedi Knights stood along the path.  When they saw me exit the Temple, they knelt, unsheathed their ceremonial whips, and held them up for a salute.  I walked slowly by them.  When I approached the end of the salute, the Brownie Patriarch arose.  He held up a stack of floor tiles.
“We would like to honor you with this gift.”
I said “thank you” and accepted the tiles.  I didn’t have a personal need for the tiles and I didn’t think that they were in good enough condition to remount on the temple floor.  However, it was not polite to turn down a gift.
“We offer our humble protection.  We know that you have suffered for your faith,” he said next.
I guessed he meant the crowds that harassed me.  I didn’t think the crowds would be much of a problem anymore.  Anyhow, it would have been overkill to have a column of Brownies escort me to my car.  They could see me through the crowd most of the way to my car.  If anything did happen, they would be right there to help.
I remembered that I wished to help them regain self-esteem.  They were still feeling guilty about tearing up the temple tiles.  I motioned that I’d like to see the Patriarch’s whip and then I motioned that he should kneel again.  I touched the whip to his shoulders then head.
“I knight you soldiers of the Sacred Recluse Self Insurance Group—Pompeii Branch office.”
“I won’t be needing your services now,” I said.  I walked onward.
It was breezy and the sun was setting.  I had been carrying my jacket.  I slipped it on and then jumbled through the pockets for my cap.  I couldn’t find my cap, but I did find the prank hat that Bobbie had given me.  I must have put it in my jacket by mistake.  Oh, well.  The case was closed.  The world had been saved from the lemonade-wire transfer monopoly and its collapse.  No one was going to care what I looked like.  What’s the worst that can happen?   They could pluck me, boil me in oil (a deep fat fryer), then serve me as their Sacrifice for the Feast, but other than that, nothing would happen.
It was the end of a case and I didn’t have to see these people anymore.  I slipped the hat on.  The white feathers were very soft on my head.  If it wasn’t so feminine I might actually have worn it daily.  Maybe I’d keep it and wear it only when I took out the trash and didn’t expect to see anyone.
I walked past the news trucks.  One of the Brownies and a Cream were using the venue to continue their argument.
“By returning the Holy Talisman, God has renewed his blessing on us.  This reaffirms his trust in us,” the Cream said to the reporter.
“This is a sign of God’s doubts in us.  He needed proof that we were worthy before returning the Talisman,” the Brownie said to the other reporter.
“It means that things need to stay the way they are,” the Cream said.
“It means we need even more change,” the Brownie said.
The Psychotic Friends Network saw me.  They stood stunned.  Their harassment before had been fueled by testosterone.  I doubted that when they harassed me they really felt I was one of Chuck’s roosters.  They just wanted to have me conform to their ideas.
Now, however, they showed fear.  They must have thought that I would curse them or plague them with varicele.  Possibly they’d heard of my recent power to call on God.
I thought about actually pretending to curse them.  I could give them a curse of impotence.  That was an easily fulfilled curse.  They only had to believe in the curse for it to happen.
I could curse them with bad luck.  They would never really know if the curse was working or not.  Everyone had some bad luck.
I could curse them by saying that everyone that saw them would think they were mentally slow.  That would have been too nice because they were already probably slow and everyone already thought that.
Here was one:  Your girlfriend will always think your hands are small.  No matter how much their girlfriends protested and said, “No, your hands weren’t the smallest I’ve ever held,” they would always doubt what she’s saying.  His girlfriend could have said that he wasn’t the smallest just to be kind to him.  Really she would be laughing.
I decided not to mess up their minds.  I was not vengeful.  It’s more fun to think of all the possible curses I could have given rather than to actually have given it then have to live with my own guilt.
I smiled and thought of ways I could have messed them up as I got into my car.  To celebrate I would listen to some up-beat music as I drove home.  I pushed play on the CD player.
Ugh!  It made the most horrendous screeching noise that I had ever heard.
I hit the ‘eject’.  It was a “Yanni” CD.  Yuck.
I snapped the CD in my hands and threw it onto the floor.  I had received a Yanni CD in the mail last week.  How could it have gotten into my car’s CD changer? No, it couldn’t have rolled in there accidentally.  Someone must have played a practical joke on me.  I thought I had locked my car door, but they had gotten in.
The CD pieces landed on quite a mess on the floor.  I thought I should really clean my car.  Wait!  Suddenly I realized that it wasn’t my car!
What were the odds that two red Fords would have the same key and were parked in the same lot?  I could probably have easily figured the odds with my actuarial mind.  I dreamt in numbers sometimes.
Angela came towards me.  She was walking straight towards me and waving.  What if it was her car?  I would play dumb.  I’d just pretend I accidentally got into this car.  Oh, Wait.  I did accidentally get in.  Then I accidentally snapped the Yanni CD.
I’d just say, “I thought it was my car and I didn’t want my Yanni CD anymore.”
No, that’s not believable.
I’d say, “A pack of apes tried to maul me.  I took refuge in the car and I used the CD as a throwing star.”
“Did it work?” she’d say.
“It frightened them off,” I’d say.
“I don’t recall any reports of escaped gorillas,” she’d say.
“Well they looked like gorillas.  They could have been a pack of just really hairy, rioting, old ladies,” I’d say.
“Oh really?” she’d say.
“The festivities upset them and made them wild,” I’d say.
“Oh, I see,” she’d say.
No, that would surely have led to a straightjacket.  I’d just scoot the CD pieces under the seat with my feet.  She’d never see them.
Here she was.
“Where are you going so fast?” she asked.
I thought, “In your car?” then I said, “What do you mean?”
“You left so quickly without saying goodbye,” she said.
“Oh.”
“Where are you going next?” she said.
“Home.”  (Maybe this wasn’t her car.)
“I meant: where’s your next job?”
“My next case is writing a policy for an excavating company that is starting-up.  They intend to use faith to move mountains.  They need surety bonding and worker’s compensation insurance.  Bonding is no big deal, but I am unsure how to assess risk for workman’s compensation.  What if someone’s faith is injured because they can’t move mountains?  How can they prove that they have a loss of faith if they were never capable of moving mountains to begin with?  Then what is loss of faith worth?”
As I said this, I noticed that a security guard was walking this way.  I tried to maintain eye contact with Angela so she wouldn’t notice I was trying to scoot the last shard of broken CD out of view.
“That’s interesting,” she said.  “Would you like to talk about it over a drink?”
She wanted me to drive her somewhere.  Oh, Great.  Now I could add Grand-Theft-Auto to Breaking-and-Entering.
“No, thanks.  I don’t drink,” I said.  It was just a harmless white lie.  I’d say whatever it took to get out of this situation.
The guard went past.  He was just checking parking vouchers.
“Okay.  Maybe next time,” Angela said.
“Yes, maybe in the sequel,” I said.
“Okay,” she said and walked away.
Whew.  That was close.  She had almost caught me.  Why did I say, “Okay.  Maybe later?”  I had had a chance for a clean getaway.  She almost seemed interested in me.  I was just misunderstanding her motives again and had confused her with her imaginary twin, Angela Marie Wilde, that I’d created in my mind.
After she had walked out of sight, I got out of the car and looked around.  There was a harmless looking man putting a note on my real car.  He was short, balding and wore glasses.  He was probably one of the gawkers.  I checked the plates.  Yes, that was definitely my car.
I walked up and snatched the note off my windshield.  It said, “One dozen eggs and sausages.”
“Hey,” he said, “that’s for my wife.”
“But…,” I said.
“No ‘buts’,” he said.
I crumpled the note.
“Well, people these days are so disrespectful,” he said.
“You left the note about leaving by 4:00?” I said.
He was a little shocked, but his shock made him answer.
“Yes, traffic around here gets brutal then.”
I opened the car with my keys.
“Tell your wife Yanni sucks,” I said.
“Thief?” the man weakly said.  He wasn’t sure whether to yell it or wait and watch me leave.
I had already been through this once today.  This time it really was my car.
As I left, he was still standing there scratching his head.  I laughed as I drove away.
When I had driven a short distance I thought, “Oh no.  The tiles.”  I had left them somewhere in the other car.  They were probably on the front passenger seat.  Why was I worried?  They were just tiles—plain, partly broken tiles.  I had no plans for them.  I would just have to throw them away anyhow.  Maybe the man would retile his floor.  They would be about the right size for a small entry hall.
I could imagine the police report he could file.  The man would say, “Someone broke into my car.”
“Someone broke into your car?” the police officer would say.
“Yes, and he smashed a Yanni CD.”
“He smashed a Yanni CD?”
“Yes, and he left some floor tiles.”
“He left floor tiles?”
“Yes.”
“So the suspect is a flooring contractor who hates Yanni.”
Then I thought that the man probably knew who I was.  I was beginning to regret treating him harshly.


* * * * *


Chapter 27

Neal Harris was driving into the mall parking lot.  He was considering stopping at the music store to buy a Yanni CD.  He was feeling guilty about destroying someone else’s property.
He thought, “What if they know who I am and track me down?  It would help settle their feelings if I had a replacement CD.”
At the end of the lot, there was an old woman looking for something on the ground.  She had been crouching over for so long that she wouldn’t be able to stand up straight even if she did find what she was looking for.  Most people confused her with a bag lady or a sire because her strumpet’s clothes had been worn so long that they were now rags.
If she continued forward for about five more paces, she would see the glint of the metal on what she’s looking for.
Neal Harris wasn’t paying much attention to where he was going because he was still conflicted about whether or not to stop.
Neal thought, “What if I couldn’t find the car again?  What would I do with the second CD?  I’d have to break that, too.  No.”  He swerved his car away from the store and went home.  When he swerved he almost hit someone.  He thought, “Where did that Sire come from?”
The woman just caught the glint of metal and then a car came from nowhere and almost ran over her.  She was so surprised that she forgot she got a glimpse of something on the ground and she continued crawling.
A few minutes later, a group of teenager girls came out of the store.
“Look at this,” teen one said.  She picked up the bracelet.
“Don’t be picking stuff up.  You don’t know if that person had cooties,” teen two said.
“No.  Look, I think that it’s totally cool,” teen three said.
“Yah, it’s totally retro,” teen one said.
“But I’m like, it’s all creepy looking,” teen two said.
The first teen had difficulty clasping it to her wrist, but she did it and then they walked away.


###


Disclaimer:
All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

About the Author:
Selmoore Codfish is not really a fish, but a chicken.  He’s hiding because celebrity would show that he is not actually funny, just faking it.  If the public knew Mr. Codfish’s identity they would demand that he be funny all of the time.  However, he would prefer to remain a dour, grumpy person.  Funny people don’t get respect but are thought of as special or different.  His friends and associates appreciate his dry seriousness and they shouldn’t be let down by humor.
Read more and see the list other books in the series at:   http://www.selmoorecodfish.com/

Summary:
When SRSIG receives a claim for an ancient religious relic, it falls on insurance agent Neal Harris to investigate in order to avoid world-wide unrest caused by paying an infinite amount for the priceless relic.  Neal Harris is an insurance agent with a faith-based organization.  His agency, the Sacred Recluse Self Insurance Group, is non-profit and owned by the Church.  Interactions with religious organizations lead him into numerous humorous situations.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook.  Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support.

* * * *


Chapter 1, Sausages
“His name is ‘Squirelly Squirrel’.”
The man held up a baby bunny.
A girl that I had not seen before screamed and grabbed my arm.  Bunnies and squirrels obviously didn’t look the same to her.
“I’m sorry,” he said, confused and contrite as he pulled the bunny back and petted it.
I took a second look.  No, it was definitely a bunny.
“Squirelly is my cousin,” the man said.
“That’s nice,” I said.  It’s best to humor the self-delusioned.  Pointing out their inconsistencies only made them worse.  People believed what they wanted to believe.  That’s what made gambling a sport and politics a gamble.
The girl didn’t seem to know what to do.  As I followed her up the path to the building, I hadn’t paid much attention to her.  I guess I thought she must have been one of the nurses.
Now, I looked at her more closely.  She looked like she couldn’t be more than twelve years old.  Well, she might have been a very anorexic eighteen year-old with a young face.
Her nametag said “Volunteer”, then “JEN”.
Two men came out the door and down the steps towards us.  Maybe they would know what to do with escaped mental patients.  The first man down the steps wore work clothes and carried a toolbox.
I made eye contact with him.
“Hello,” I said.
“Hello,” he replied.
Then I nodded my head repeatedly at the patient, Squirelly’s cousin.
“Hey, plunge the toilets.  I don’t shrink the heads,” said the maintenance guy, replying to my nodding.
“Pardon?”  I asked.  I tried to make eye contact with the other young man, but he kept his eyes straight to the ground.
“I reset the clocks.  I don’t do the shocks.”
“Huh?” I replied.
“I fix the drains.  I don’t scramble the brains,” said the maintenance guy.
There might have been a small amount of reason in that one.
“So you’re not the cook?” I asked.
“No, and I wouldn’t worry too much about this one.  When it’s hot like this they let them run around a bit,” he said.
“Thanks,” I said as my petrified escort and I went in.  She peeled away from me and walked through a door labeled “Ward A”.
The office I was looking for was straight ahead.  Sister Fern had given very good directions.  She had said to come in on the circle drive and pay no attention to the buildings that looked mostly like abandoned 1960’s era college dormitories.  As requested, I paid no attention to them.  Then she said to park in front of the large old brick structure and come straight to her office.  However, she hadn’t said how to handle escaped mental patients.  That seemed to be the most important part which made me wonder about Sister Fern.
I could see that she was talking on the phone, so I sat on a long bench outside her door.  Across the hall was another bench with two men dressed in dark grey robes.  They were likely members of one of the many religious orders within the Mother Assembly.  However, they couldn’t have been members of the order that ran the asylum because the sisters didn’t admit men.
The Sisters of Sympathy were all “Sisters”.  They administered hospitals and asylums such as this one.  They got their name from the sympathy they offered their patients.  If you needed sympathy, all you needed to do was yell, “S-O-S!”
A Sister would run up and ask, “Yes, dear, what is the problem?”
“I’ve been in a car accident and I’m injured,” you would say.
“You poor dear,” the Sister would say.
“I’m bleeding from my head and I feel dizzy,” you would say.
“You poor, poor dear,” she would say then.
“I’m going to fall unconscious . . . ,” you would say.  At this point, you would totter about, clutching onto whatever was available to demonstrate your imminent blackout.
“You poor, poor, poor, dear.”
You would sigh with appreciation and resignation.
“Without help I will probably die, but you have made me feel much more comfortable with my death.”
“You’re welcome,” she would say.
Then when the ambulances arrived, she would give the paramedics sympathy for being so slow and worthless.  That would make them feel arrogant and competent despite their obvious lack of skill and dedication.  They would have much to say about the Sisters’ help in the newspaper the next day.
On the bench across the hall, the first man shrugged.
“I am just worthless compared to our savior Ralph.  I am the dung from a cow,” he said.
“I am less than that.  I am the slug that feeds on the dung from a cow,” the other man said with a shudder.
The first man leaned forward.
“Brother Grimm, I am less than even that.  I am not even the acne on the slug that feeds on the dung from a cow.”
“I am far less, even than that, Brother Glumly.  I am not even the pus on the acne.”
“I wish our Savior would return with a hail of comets to destroy all the banal works of man,” the first man evoked.
“Everything man does is a waste.  Only the works of our Savior will survive the calamity,” the second man added.
“Yes, why do anything?”  The first man leaned back and tried to disappear into the wall behind the bench.
“Hum.”
“I am not even the stain left by the pus after it . . . .”
I walked away ponderously, but not thoughtfully, leaving them to their pus, waste, and acne.  They had a lock on self-pity and they didn’t need my cynicism to brighten their moods.
I wondered if any worthless stains would remain on the planet after a calamity of comets struck.  Possibly, but it was not my concern at that moment.  As I moved farther away from them both, I realized it was not my problem at all.
No, that day my concern, and the reason that I was at the SOS Sanitarium, was to get more information about a claim for a patient’s benefits.  The Sacred Recluse Self Insurance Group (SRSIG) insured all of the religious orders in the Assemblic movement.
We offered a wide range of insurance options.  One of our standard hospital policies required the policyholder to pray for healing from God for two weeks before seeking emergency room care.  It was the SRSIG’s opinion that healing from above was much more fulfilling than anything humankind could provide.  Since it was free, with no premiums due except a lifetime of devotion to the prayers and rituals of an arbitrary institution of Ralph, it was the most popular form of universal healthcare ever devised, despite the drawbacks.
Blessedly, we had a very low claim rate for urgent care.  Coincidentally, we had a very high turnover rate due to mortality.  The life insurance premiums were steep, but the health premiums were a bargain.
The mental health premiums were also very low.  It must have been the spiritually enriching nature of locking yourself in an isolated cloister that promoted strong mental health.  It may also have been that it took a very highly developed person to want to be cut off from society.  He would be less prone to mental deficiency.
Some detractors have said that believers who isolated themselves seemed happy only because of mind control.  What was mind control but controlling your mind in a controlled manner?  Some believers needed that.
But I digress.  My concern today was not to dispute the sanatorium staff’s opinions that one of their patients needed confinement.  My concern was whether he was even covered by any of our policies.  The claim was submitted electronically to my office.  On the claim, the “order membership or employer” was listed as the “Sacred Recluse”.  I knew everyone that works for the SR in the area, and I hadn’t heard that any of the High Sire’s personal staff was in town.
But this wasn’t what first caused my computer to reject the claim.  The rejection was simply because the field for the last name was left blank.The claimant’s first name was Ralph.  That was a very common first name since many families liked to show respect for our Savior by having a namesake.  The claim could have been anyone and we needed to be very clear before we paid anybody anything.
I sent a standard email back to Sr. Fern at SOS Sanatorium asking her to specify a last name.
“Son of God,” she had replied.
With this information, I knew that this would not be a typical case.  I had called Sister Fern and set up a meeting.  I looked around, waiting for her, thinking about what she had said.  Without warning, I felt someone behind me.  I don’t like when that happened, but I tried not to make a scene.  I ignored the presence, but it remained.
Someone tapped my shoulder.  I whirled around.  It was Sister Fern.
Speak of the Devil, and she will appear.
“Neal Harris?” she said.
I nodded.  As I got up, I noticed Sister Fern wore normal street clothes.  I felt a little cheated.  A Sister should dress like a sister, not a sister.  Clothes were very important in identifying who was whom.
I heard a disgusted grunt from one of the two men across the hall.  When I looked up, I saw they were enviously sneering at me for cutting in line.
“Don’t worry about them, you poor dear,” comforted Sister Fern sympathetically.
“They will just add it to their already too long list of grievances.”
We went into her cool, air-conditioned office and she closed the door.
“The Brothers are members of the Corpus of Corpses, or the Body/Group of the Dead.  They reside at the Sanatorium because they need to have carefully administered doses of psychoactive drugs that enhance their religious experiences.  The drugs heighten their perceptions of the coming of the End of Days, or the Cataclysm.  Unfortunately, the drug tends to make them depressed, and sometimes constipated.”
“Oh.  I see.”  I hoped not to see too much constipation.
“It’s just expected that with the Corpses around, we will need to provide sympathy for the most mundane of problems.  You probably haven’t heard much about them because they are voluntarily committed to the Sanatorium and thus must pay for their own treatments.  We feel grateful that we are able to help those that are not naturally blessed with suffering to become blessed.  We have to let them have their way since they pay their own bills, but sometimes it makes me feel like the chickens are ruling the roost.”
I nodded, trying to appear sympathetic, but in reality I didn’t care.  People who were drawn to the mundane, either as a sport or as a reason for complaint, didn’t interest me.  I assumed the reason for their obsession with trivia was because they had small minds, and only minutia would fit in the minuscule allotted space.
“Speaking of claimants,” I said, trying to get back on track before we’d gone passed the station, “tell me more about this person named Ralph.”
She nodded and leaned forward.  I could see every wrinkle on her face.  I wanted to shake my head to shake the image, but I figured I’d insult her at best or garnish her sympathy at worst.
“He was found by the police wandering the streets.  Disoriented, he couldn’t remember his last name or where he was from.  We are the only residential mental health care facility left in the State, so they brought him here.  The Governor has closed all of the public facilities to save money.  We have a contract with the state to provide for extended patient commitments, but it only pays a pittance of the actual total cost.  What can we do?  We can’t turn away people who need our sympathetic treatment.”
I shrugged and shook my head.  I’d heard about the closing of mental health facilities all over the country.  Usually, some governor in some backward state decided to allocate more money for government requisitioned bathroom supplies, and had to find the money somewhere.  Mental health was second on the list, right after education.
“I have had to enact a hiring freeze and limit purchases of supplies.  You can see why I was so receptive when Saint Kidder said that Ralph was The Son of God.  The Son of God is the head of the Assembly and rules it from Heaven.  Therefore, he would be covered through the SRSIG.”  She looked very solemn and clasped her hands in front of her in pious supplication.
I clasped my hands in the same manner following her lead.  Maybe it was the right thing to do or maybe it wasn’t, but it certainly didn’t hurt to imitate the Rituals of Ralph.  No one could be hauled away by Social Services for following a religion of any kind, no matter how questionable the results of the rituals.
She seemed pleased by my imitation of her gestures, and she nodded with approval.
I nodded because she’d nodded.  I was getting a headache, but it was a small price to pay for devotion.  Every good Ralphian knew that the High Sire, got his instructions from the Son of God before he made his infallible proclamations.
“The important question is, however, is how does Saint Kidder know that this is THE Ralph?” I asked.
“Saint Kidder resides here . . . .”
“How is that possible?”  I asked.  “In order to be declared a Saint, the candidate Saint must have died.”
“Brother Kidder did die, the poor, poor dear, but miraculously he was revived shortly later.  That was his first of two miracles that qualified him to be a Saint.  He had a fatal case of acne, which is a side effect of the medicines he was taking.  One day he saw himself in the mirror and it shocked him to death.  His second miracle occured after he was revived.  His acne went away.  He healed himself.”
“Is acne another side effect of the depressants that the Corpus of Corpses takes?” I asked.
“No, Saint Kidder is a member of the Order of Divine Diviners, or the ODD.  They are prescribed a different psychoactive drug that helps them hear the voices of God and his angels.  Unfortunately, it makes the poor dears dissociative.”
The side effects were always worse than the initial problem.  Yet, the pharmaceutical companies said they were a necessary part of the treatment for the initial condition.  That always made me wonder which side needed to be secured in a maximum security mental facility.  Perhaps the patients were created for profit.
“They are anti-social?  Do they become very rude?”
“No, they disassociated their life from reality.  They often hear many other voices besides those of God.  Actually, Saint Kidder has had a third miracle.  He was able to continue being a diviner even though we discontinued his treatments immediately after his close call with the afterlife.  I think that in death, when his soul drew near to God, it enabled him to see God more clearly.”
“So why does Saint Kidder say that Ralph is The Son of God?”  I asked, intrigued.
“Well, I’ll admit it does sound improbable, but he is at a highly esteemed sanctuary for believers.  It seems natural that Ralph, or the second coming of Ralph, would be drawn to a place of intense belief and sacrifice.  You can’t discount the words from a Saint without a rigorous investigation.”  She raised her eyebrows in challenge.
I backed down right away.
“Yes, I see.  However, I would have expected Ralph to drop a line to the High Sire.  Such as, ‘Hi, it’s me Ralph, The Son of God.  I’m here and I thought you should know.’”
“Mmm, that would have been helpful, but the ways of God are not the ways of men,” she said with what I presumed was a knowing sigh.
I needed more information.
“May I meet with Saint Kidder and with Ralph?”
“Yes, they are both in Ward A.”
I stood, ready to leave, when I remembered something.
“Oh, that reminds me,” I said.  “As I came in, there was a patient loose on the grounds.”
“That was probably Ralph.  I saw him out there earlier,” she said.  “The residents on Ward A are more trustworthy.  They are mostly the voluntary and religious admissions.  They have free roaming privileges.  Where would they go on a hot day like this anyhow?  We are two miles off of Main Line Road.”
Two miles didn’t seem too long if someone really wanted to get away.  However, if he thought he was a summer squash, that might make the trip seem longer.
“Ralph was holding a baby bunny that he called his cousin,” I said.
She smiled in recognition.
“The poor dear.  All of us have a need to form connections and relationships.  When someone loses his memory, the need for connections can be heightened.”
Made sense, except I’d seen Ralph and the bunny.
“So is he bonkers?”  I asked.
“The need to form connections is normal human adaptation.”  She didn’t flinch.
“What about his loss of memory? Does that prove he’s bonkers?”  I pressed on.
So did she.
“Memory loss can result from many things including physical trauma, although when he arrived and we applied our first aid sympathy, we didn’t notice any trauma.  Memory loss is somewhat innocent and doesn’t indicate any mental deficiency.”
She motioned for me to go out of the door.  We went back into the early summer heat wave.  She closed her door behind us.
The Corpses, Brothers Grimm and Glumly, followed close behind us.
“She’s dragging us all over the place in the heat today,” Brother Grimm said.
“She must be trying to kill us through heat exhaustion,” Brother Glumly said.
“Brutal!” Brother Grimm said.
“But it’s not very painful, just fatiguing.”
“Then she’s trying to wear down our wills.”
“Very devious.”
Sister Fern ignored them.

* * * *

We walked into the large dayroom in Ward A.  About twenty residents sat in chairs or paced the rooms.  They wore hospital gowns, street clothes, bathrobes, religious order robes, and a mix of those.  The room had a nurse’s station, several rugged and uncomfortable looking chairs, two circulating fans, and a television.  One fan was near the nurse’s station and the other was near the television at the other end of the room where many of the residents congregated.  There were window air-conditioning units, but they weren’t running.
“These people consist of the entire membership of the COC and ODD orders in the state,” said Sister Fern.  “The poor dears can’t keep their memberships up.  The Corpses have a high mortality.  They don’t seem to want to avoid taking fatal risks…”
“The Sisters sympathize us to death.”  Brother Glumly interrupted, “‘you poor soul, why are you so constipated today?  Do you need an enema?’  They make us feel so ‘poor’ that life is unbearable.”
“…and we thank them for that,” added Brother Grimm.
Sister Fern continued as if the Brothers weren’t there.
“The Diviners don’t die as quickly, but their problem, the poor dears, is that they are often too incoherent to actively recruit members.  Then few believers want to adopt the rigors of the Acne-Way.”
We approached the nurse’s station, which was little more than an old wooden table and two chairs.  Both of the nurses wore normal street clothes.  One nurse was middle-aged and overweight.  The other nurse was older.
A man hurried to get to the table before us.
“Has the mail gone out yet?” he said.
“No,” said the older nurse.  “Not yet, Brother Medley.”
“Good,” the man said.  He handed her an envelope.  “Would you please send this out?”
“Yes, we will,” said the nurse.
The man left to sit alone in a row of chairs.
“Mr. Harris,” said Sister Fern gesturing to the older nurse.  “This is Sister Rose.”  I shook hands with her.  She had a nametag with “Rose, SOS” written on it.
“…and this is Fanny,” gesturing to the overweight nurse.  I shook hands with her.  “Mr. Harris is from SRSIG.”
“How dreadful,” said Brother Glumly from behind us.
“I wonder who died,” said Brother Grimm.
“As I told you earlier, he may be here at various times to evaluate Ralph’s claim,” Sister Fern continued.
“How ordinary,” said Brother Glumly.
“On the other hand, boredom can sometimes be excruciating,” said Brother Grimm.
“True.”
Without any warning noises, a man I recognized walked up to the nurse’s station.
“Has the post been delivered?”
“Yes, here you go, Brother Nutter,” said Sister Rose as she gave him the letter that had been sitting on the table for just a few moments.  I turned and in confusion watched Brother Nutter take the letter, sit at a card table and open the letter.  I was certain that it was the same man, Brother Medley, who had just dropped off the letter.
When I turned back, Sister Fern was staring at me.  She was smiling at my open gaped mouth.
“You poor dear,” she said.  “I can see you are confused.  That was just one illustration of Brother Nutter-Medley’s dissociative behavior.”
“He’s anti-social too?”  I said.
“Anti-social?  Ha!” said Brother Glumly.  “It always makes the game even more grueling when they send us an idiot.”
I turned and gave him a mean look.  He stared back as if he had some sort of problem associating with people due to his lack of cranial capacity to recognize that another human being had attempted to make contact.
I didn’t think that I was that deficient in the brains department.  This was just all new to me.  Suspicious might be a better word for my reaction.  I usually could trust my own senses.  This was proving to be a totally different game.  I was going to have to disassociate myself from my own powers of observation and take on their methods of appraising a situation to understand what was going on.  I wasn’t happy.
“Watch out, Brother,” said Brother Grimm who was watching me too carefully.  “He has the look of a stone-cold killer.”
“We will get along remarkably rottenly then,” said Brother Glumly in an upbeat tone of voice.
Had I fallen down the rabbit hole?  Maybe that was what Ralph and his cousin, the bunny, were trying to tell me from the beginning.
“Brother Nutter-Medley has two personalities who are both Diviners and correspond as pen pals,” Sister Fern said.
“It’s very efficient if you ask me,” said Fanny.  “The ODD gets two members for the price of one, and he saves a bundle on postage.”
“Fanny!” said Sister Rose.  “The poor dear is suffering for the purpose of his faith and we shouldn’t make fun of that.”  Fanny looked into my eyes, and with a smile, we shared a common moment of understanding.  We both worked for the Assembly, but saw as if we were outsiders.  For some Assembly employees the conflict between their own beliefs and company policy caused conflict.  However, if you had a sense of humor it wasn’t too bad.
Just then, Brother Nutter laughed uproariously and said, “Brother Medley, you old dog, I will have to remember that one.”
“Great,” said Fanny.  “Now we have to sit through another telling of the ‘Farmer’s daughter’ joke.”  She settled back in her chair and immediately tuned out to the possibility.
Sister Fern clucked her tongue sympatheticlly.
“Saint Kidder is over here,” she said.  Sister Fern led me to the chairs around the television.  The TV was off, but many of the residents stared at it as if it would soon resurrect itself to life and provide a magical salve to relieve their suffering.
“Saint Kidder,” she said to him.
He looked up with a shallow expression.  His eyes were sunk deeply into his face and his skin was sallow.
“This is Mr. Harris.  He would like to talk to you about your visions.”  She continued.
“Hello.  I understand that you have said that another resident here is Ralph, the Son of God.”   I thought that was an interesting opener for a conversation.  That could lead right into, What is the Son of God doing in a mental facility?  The possibilities were endless.
“That’s right,” he said without hesitation.
“The time of the Lord is upon us,” offered Brother Glumly who had followed us.
“Lord, save us from Your wrath,” added Brother Grimm.
Taking the good Sister’s lead, I ignored them as well.
“How do you know this?” I asked Saint Kidder.
“The voice of God told me,” he said.
“The end of all creation is at hand,” interjected Brother Grimm.
“My friend Chuckie said not to listen to him,” said the Saint.
My warning lights went on.  Could Chuckie be a bunny?
“Who is Chuckie?  Is he here now?”  I asked without hesitancy.
“No, I don’t hear him now,” the Saint said with a smile. “Sometimes we go play ball and do pranks.”
“What pranks?” I asked.
“You’ll see,” he answered and clamped his mouth shut.
“That’s very wicked,” said Brother Glumly, backing away, obviously remembering something about Chuckie from the look on his face.
“It’s one of his inner voices,” Sister Fern explained in a whisper.
I had turned to listen to her when suddenly someone jabbed me in the ribs.
“Ouch,” I said.  I turned back to look at Saint Kidder.
“It wasn’t me.  It was Chuckie,” he immediately answered.
I was beginning to get it.
“Please stop that, Chuckie,” I said.
“Huh?” said Saint Kidder.
Sister Fern cleared her throat.
“Is Chuckie gone now?” she asked politely.
“Yes,” said Saint Kidder as he stared at me.
I turned again to nod appreciation to Sister Fern.
Suddenly, I was jabbed again.
“Ouch,” I said.
“He’s back,” chuckled Saint Kidder.
After that, I kept my eyes on him, and I slowly backed away.  Sister Fern hadn’t stood as close to him as I had.  Thanks, for the warning, Sister.
I noticed that some of the other residents sitting near Saint Kidder had small bruises on the visible parts of their arms.  Either they didn’t mind it, or the jabs didn’t penetrate through their stupors.
I heard a loud sigh.
“Well, I’ll leave you gentlemen to talk.  I’ve got plenty of other work to do,” said Sister Fern and walked away.
The Corpses remained with me.  Now I didn’t have anyone to help cover my back.  That was probably fine since I hadn’t seen the Corpses show any aggression yet.  They were staying with me because I’d gotten them too interested in calamity.  That was much more exciting than the daily gripes.
At that point, what should I have done?  I hadn’t intended to stay long.  Like Sister Fern, I had other work to do too, but if calamity approached, then imagine all of the insurance claims that could’ve resulted.  I would have been stuck in my office 24/7.
“Maybe I should just quit now,” I said aloud without thinking.
“Now, that’s the spirit,” said Brother Glumly.
“We’ll make a believer out of you yet,” said Brother Grimm.
I thought I should try to find out what else I should be prepared for.
“What other friends do you have or what voices do you hear besides God's and Chuckie's?” I asked the Saint.
“Just a variety of angels, saints, and Mom.”
That seemed harmless.  I decided not to press for details about each one now.
“Exactly what did God say to you about Ralph, the resident here?”  I asked.
“The Most High said that Ralph was His Son, under His protection, and we must respect Ralph’s presence.”  He seemed comfortable with that.
I decided it would be safe to move the conversation forward.
“Did he say anything else?”
“No,” the Saint said, quickly, but then more slowly, “Oh, wait.  He also told me to fly around the room like a Cuckoo.”
I suppressed a gasp.  I had read that flying around like a Cuckoo had been outlawed by edict of the secular arm of animal control.  Someone always slipped through the cracks.
“I remember that day,” said Brother Glumly.  “It was quite a spectacle.”
“Or was that Chuckie who told me that?  I forget,” the Saint said.
“It could be the first sign of the coming calamity,” said Brother Grimm.  “AND THE SAINTS SHALL FLY IN DISARRAY SINCE THEY HAVE NOT BEEN WARNED!”
The only calamity I could think of was having those two follow me around.  I wanted to see Ralph alone to get a more accurate first impression before I went back to my office.  My first meeting with him might have been through biased eyes that thought of any confined mental patient as being crazy.  How could I get rid of the Corpses?
“Look, the moon is crying blood,” I said as I pointed at the far windows.  The Corpses scurried away, and I slipped out the door.  I had no idea if the moon was even out today, or if it was in that direction.  If they didn’t see the moon, then that might occupy them even longer as they hunted for it.

* * * *

I sat on the front steps watching Ralph.  He was pacing as if he was trying to remember something.  It was not quite like pacing, but more like ambling back and forth.  There was something spiritual about it.
We were both in the shadows of some large oak trees.  I had been hearing a roaring noise and suddenly a riding mower came into view.  It made a couple passes, then disappeared.  The driver was a rugged looking young man with a short beard.  It baffled me that he thought the grass needed mowing.  It hadn’t rained for weeks, and the lawn looked brown and neglected.
Ralph and I appeared to be about the same age.  We were both supposedly in the prime of our lives.  He was clean-shaven and neatly wore normal street clothes.  However, his appearance was probably mostly the work of the nurses.  I had the feeling that if he had his way, he would have dressed in an ancient robe and sandals.
“Where's your friend?” I said when he paced back generally in my direction.
He stopped and looked at me.  I felt uncomfortable, as if I was being evaluated.
“Whom?” he asked.
“The bun…,” I caught myself.  Maybe I shouldn’t call his friend a bunny.
“Um, Squirelly Squirrel.”  I supposed it was just a name.  Even though I felt mentally incompetent voicing it aloud, I maintained my dignity.
 “Oh, I let him scamper away after we had our visit.”  He smiled.  “Did you need to see him yourself?  I don’t know where he’s gotten to,” he said looking out over the grounds.
“No, that’s fine, thank you.”  I watched him search the area, then look back to me.
“Does he talk to you?” I asked.
He looked at me, observing me, maybe assessing whether I expected animals to talk.
“All of our brothers, sisters, and cousins talk to us.  Look at the grass.  It is telling us ‘enough!’” he said.
I wasn’t certain what he meant by that.  Enough what?  Enough water?  Enough traffic?  Enough pollution?  Even violation by mower abuse?
I decided not to pursue the matter.  If the grass had spoken, who was I to interfere with the dialogue?  Instead, I nodded, and then sat basking in the heat.  It wasn’t unpleasant lounging on the steps and watching the leaves on the trees rustle in the light breeze.  There was much to be said for noninvolvement as well.  The grass, the trees, the breeze all had their own reasons for existing.  Just like people, just like bunnies, just like Ralph.
And just like me.
I tried to say something to the grass, but it didn’t answer me.  I suppose I wasn’t one of the privileged few who could commune with nature on a verbal basis, like Ralph.  I’d have to settle for the crumbs—the breeze and the like.
Just as I was swaying with the trees, I saw the two maintenance men I had seen before walk up to me.  The older one was in front again.  This time he was carrying a plunger.
 “You’re still here,” he said, stating the obvious.
I suppose they didn’t have many visitors who lingered on the premises.  I had to admit, the place gave me an unsettled feeling, despite the breezes.
“Yes.”
“The Corpses were at it again,” he said while holding up the plunger.
“I’m Rich, head of maintenance.  I’d shake your hand, but you know,” he said holding up the plunger again.
“I’m Neal Harris, from SRSIG.”  He probably understood who I was because we provided his insurance.
He nodded, barely missing the plunger with his head.
“I’m here to evaluate Ralph’s claim . . . .”
Just then, the mower passed again.  This time it was much closer to the building than to us.  The mower's operator didn’t seem to be going in any sort of pattern.  It didn’t matter.  You couldn’t tell where the mower had been and where not.
“That’s Billy,” said Rich as the mower passed us.
“I have to ask this.  Why is he mowing the nearly dead grass?”
Rich smiled and nodded as if I had gotten the inside joke.
“Working at this place has always been a challenge.  I need to keep this place up to State codes because we contract for them, but also I need to follow the whims of the SOS Advisory board.  Now, they’re the handicapped ones.  I’ll tell you that.”
He stood looking smug.
“And the grass?” I repeated.
“Oh.  The State reps say we need to mow at least every two weeks to keep the grass low and discourage rats.”  He paused and looked at me.
“What’s your concern?”
“I guess it’s no big deal to me.”  Suddenly, I had an idea about what “enough” had meant.  “However, Ralph, over there, seems almost distraught.  His family is getting their heads unmercifully chopped off.”
“I see,” he said.
Then the maintenance men went on into the building.  I had, again, not talked to the other maintenance man.  The mowing had distracted me.  I didn’t believe I had missed any great conversation, but one can never tell where one might find a genius.
I could think of only one more thing I wanted to ask.
“Ralph, do you know who or what you are?”
“No, sorry.”
“Are you The Son of God?”
He shrugged and kept pacing, presiding over his flock of grass.
###
