
Roma!
CJ Grabham
Smashwords Edition
Copyright: 2013 CJ Grabham

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Chapter 1
Professore
 “Professore, Professore!” Giacomo, the old manager of Hotel Juliette beckoned across his counter with open arms. The newly arrived coachload of English high school students streamed past in front of him and their bedraggled English “Professore” who, gamely handing out room keys they pelicanned on their way past, grinned and nodded back, chuffed at Giacomo’s compliment, strengthened by the responsibility of the new title bestowed upon him, visibly elated by his elevated position in Rome.
“Professore Harper,” he whispered to himself.
Weren’t some Italians nice?
All at once he was ‘Professore’. Fealty. Worth. Standing in the community. No longer just a plain old bog-standard teacher in shabby jacket, ignored and derided by all and sundry. Status - even if it was given by this dodgy, old, gap-tooth hotel manager still in his pajamas leering at Harper’s flock as they gathered their things up to their rooms. And as the foyer of the Hotel Juliette filled, the manager’s gleeful twinkle returned to the English teacher, their leader, his Professore. Benign adoration. The manager beckoned largely once more to this divinity by rolling his hands above his head and baying the way Italians do when they want to talk to each other.
A pen was produced, and in mute, embarrassed concentration Giacomo and his Professore established a time for dinner before Giacomo flapped back into his office to answer his telephone. Almost immediately, a strangled look on his face, the manager bolted from his office and dashed upstairs. The Englishman’s chest secretly swelled. A bond had been established. They would get on, and unlike the loony manager Harper had left yesterday in Florence, Giacomo was a treasure and didn’t mind it a bit if English people didn’t know the lingo. He was not one of these jingoistic managers who sneered at foreigners. He and the Professore would struggle together as with a common infirmity. After all, national differences were part of life, and Giacomo was a student of human nature. Hand signals, grunting and lots of smiles. What a man! The Professore inglesi was feeling better already.
Bugger the Roman traffic jams. Bugger the mewling tat sellers on the streets corners with their trinkets. Bugger the predatory packs of Lambrettas and little wild cars that flew around the Roman laneways daring you to step off the pavement and when you did, dive-bombed you like some befuddled rodent. Bugger the lot of them. Keith Harper, Professore, would start on Italy afresh. The past three days in Florence had been hell, but Giacomo promised Roman tranquility and civilized Roman negotiation. No threats. No fits.
Harper’s students poured past him eager to get to their rooms. Svelte, dark eyed sixth-former Lynsey, sure of herself, pushed herself down to the front of a swarm of year ten and eleven girls, oblivious to the commotion going on in the street outside their little, squashed-up hotel. She grabbed her room key, and on her way to the stairs confided over her shoulder to her mate, Kate, also a sixth-former: “Emily says our ‘Professore’ here and Gloomy Fitchet have been at it already in the front seat of the bus. I couldn’t see anything, Kate. Could you? But it looks like the tote might be in jeopardy. I told you Mr. Harper and Ms. Fitchet wouldn’t be able to keep their hands off each other much past Florence,” she said, glaring pointedly at their Professore who was too busy being important to hear.
Kayley and Megan, two of the year eleven Young Babes, whom Lynsey had just barged in front of, remonstrated against the intrusion. “Piss off, Lynsey. Get to the back of the queue, where you belong,” Kayley squirmed.
“Yeah,” Megan said, realigning her huge mushroom hat and replacing the iPod earpiece elbowed out by the bigger sixth former, “some people have no manners.”
“Sod off you two. Spiteful little mushroom people should be seen and not heard,” Lynsey spat, on her way to the stairwell.
As Ms. Fitchet struggled into the fifth floor lobby of their hotel, Lynsey shouted to Kate, “Whose got Rome? I’ve got Venice, but they’ll never last that far. Where’s Lucy? She’s got my Blackberry.”
“Lucy’s broken a leg, I think,” Kate shouted back down through the maelstrom. “I passed her on the street. She was in the gutter with Mrs. Oliver, weeping, surrounded by hoards of gawping men. Italians, I think.”
Ms. Fitchet, forty something, her tweed skirt straining under the pressure of burgeoning thighs, face twisted in disbelief, lumbered back down into the stairwell she had just ascended, scarves flapping. “I’m going back down,” she called up to Harper from the echoing, marbled darkness, “before something else happens.” Her imagination concocted images of monstrous, swarthy Italians, sweating, hairy chests heaving in a circle around the simpering, helpless English maiden.
“Let me know how you get on. Tell her to do the decent thing,” Harper offered, falling back into the only armchair in the lobby. “Knowing Lucy, it’s probably just be a sprained ego from the dumping Will gave her on the coach today. With any luck, she’ll be carried off by one of the swarthies before you get down to her. With any luck…” he shouted to carry the full depth of the stairwell, “we might not see her again before the end of the trip. They say there are kidnappings these days, even in the heart of Rome.” He lowered his voice, “They might even consider carting you off as well, with any luck. Two of you in one go. I’d pay a few of their Italian euros to see that happen.”
“Mr. Harper,” the cautiously nice sixth-form girl, Kate, suddenly appeared at his elbow. She might have been there for several minutes, perhaps several hours waiting for the right moment. He still didn’t know her name. “Our sink’s blocked up with something. Emily says it’s sick,” she said and cautiously awaited further instructions. She grimaced apologetically as if the whole thing had been her fault then added, “The room smells. Lynsey says can we have another room, please, preferably in another hotel, preferably in France.” She almost curtsied as an afterthought and waited some more. She was a born anonymous sycophant, this girl. Harper knew the type.
“In Paris, preferably, Mr. Harper. This is the last straw.” Embattled Lynsey reappeared, frothing at the mouth on the landing above Harper. “You said this trip would be cool, but all we’ve had so far is a sink full of sick, no lifts, cold showers, miles of gropers and a whole country full of those horrible little foreign guys trying to sell us bronze cigarette lighters that spew flames through their vaginas when you press their boobs.”
“Italians, Lynsey. Those little foreign guys are what we call Italians. Italy’s full of them. Bound to be. That’s why they call it Italy,” he shouted back up to her.
“This whole country seems to make its living selling crap trinkets on street corners or waiting on tables.”
“They wait on tables in their spare time. Selling trinkets is the country’s main line of work.”
“Do any of them do plumbing? Coz that’s what I need right now – somebody who’s good at plungering and sucking up sick; otherwise, I’m going home.” Lynsey stood petulantly there above him, looking off into her own personal Hades, her trauma boiling over, hate for him oozing from every orifice. Harper, it seemed at this very minute, was not cool. It was, after all, his fault that she was on this trip in the first place, and for five interminable days she had not let him forget it.
Defeated once more, Harper gave in without a whimper - the simp. “You three can have my room. I’m told it’s got a lovely view. I’ll tell the manger to put a couple of cot beds in it. I’ll take yours and get the manager to do his plungering trick when he’s got more time. Right now he’s up on your floor looking for whoever threw that pair of knickers out of a window onto some boy in the street. Have my room. I don’t mind.”
Lynsey was struck dumb for a second or two but came round slowly. She politely suggested that she would rather stay in a sick-filled room than go into a teacher’s, even if he had not even put his foot in the door, or taken his underwear off in it - not to mention other unspeakable horrors. The thought of him just thinking about being in there infused this delicate soul with street-cred-dread.
“OK, forget it, Lynsey, but you’ll have to live with the stink until Giacomo pulls himself away from that random pair of knickers – yours, or Emily’s, I’d guess. He’s old and infirm, and by the way his nostrils flared when that special UFO was described to him, he could be some time yet.”
“It’s OK,” she relented, waltzing away. “It’s fine. We’ve got MTV in our room. It’s OK,” she said with that troublesome, warning hurt in her voice. “Something else to tell mummy when I ring her tonight. Don’t be surprised if she’s camped out on your doorstep when you wake up tomorrow morning, though.”
“Professore, per favore,” said the manager, an obsequy on his lips and a pair of blue knickers flying from the index finger of his right hand.
“You’ve found them,” Harper exploded with glee. “Success. Triumph. Er, where were they? On second thought, don’t tell me…”
“You really don’t want to know, Keith.” Sheila Cranberry, the rotund caboose, ostensibly Harper’s second-in-command, struggled at last into the foyer, her luggage hanging about her neck like saddlebags on a donkey. Ms. Cranberry was always the last to arrive. Wherever they went, she brought up the rear like some desultory, lost soul battling against the tides of life and time. Although still in her early thirties, her life had been set in her twenties by a series of dismal relationships that had left her the eternal, dissatisfied frump. You know the type. And so she had arrived, some twenty minutes after the rest, frumping and staggering under the weight of her bags, sunglasses askew and puffing like a welterweight.
“You’ve arrived, Sheila,” Harper effused, ignobly tapping his fingers on the arm of his chair whilst awaiting her inevitable report amidst the hissing and wheezing of her exertions.
Shaking with the terror of five flights of stairs, she peeled, one by one, the various bits of luggage from around her neck. Shoulders and massive arms glistening with sweat and eying the knickers malevolently as if she had just gone ten rounds with them and lost, she finally announced:
“Some girl was waving them from a window up there at a boy down on the street. I looked up following her screams to see her clinging to the balcony rail and her underwear falling through space onto the windscreen of poor Mr. Jaconelli’s little ice cream van. He swerved into a lamppost, poor old soul. We did what we could to salvage his tubs, but I’m afraid his son was knocked unconscious for a minute. Mr. Jaconelli has called the police. I tried to reason with him, but he’s lost a great deal of ice cream.
That girl,” she growled. “That girl tossed them into the very heart of Rome, deliberately as a kind of invitational votive offering, as if she was inviting all Italian males to vie for her. No wonder poor Mr. Jaconelli’s son lunged after them. There she was up on that balcony like some Botticellian Venus beckoning to them all while he bashed into that lamppost. Keith, you’ll have to drag her away from that railing. There’s pandemonium down there. The police should be arriving any minute, and Mr. Jaconelli doesn’t look to be the kind of tradesman who will give in to a bribe.”
At the thought of Emily up there clinging to a railing, Keith’s will failed. “Wait for the police then,” he said calm as a cucumber through his own inner turbulence. It had been a long day, a long coach trip from Florence, and this was not the worst of it. “They can be,” he insisted, meaning “bribed” also meaning “the police”, and looked around for a friendly interpreter to administer it to them.
Lynsey returned to the landing above. “The manager’s gone back up there,” she said dismally pointing to the floor from which Emily was disporting herself to all of Rome. “She’s drawn quite a crowd of admirers, I’m afraid. Doesn’t say a great deal for Italian men,” she moaned, “if all they need is the sight of that to get them going.”
“Yes.” Harper breathed out evenly and at great length while leafing through a dog-eared copy of Italian Homes and Gardens he’d discovered on the magazine rack. “But that’s all most of them do need, Lynsey, I’m afraid.”
“Here? In Rome?” she said in her most disgusted voice. “What about the Pope?”
“Him too, I wouldn’t doubt. He’d be stopped too for a peek, if his little Popemobile were passing under her balcony. And he’d be having an evil little leer through his ecumenical curtains too, Pope or no Pope. Blokes are blokes. Popes are blokes. And the police are cops here, just like back home. Open to bribes the world over. That’s what we all come abroad to find out. The legal systems the world over are all the same – corrupt.”
“Put you in jail for indecent exposure?”
“They might, eventually, but they’d have a bloody good squinny first,” he told her, turning to an article about Lady Gaga written in Italian. “It’s,” he began to say, then stopped, intrigued by the miniskirt. “It’s all in your point of view. A matter of perspective. Not what you see, as much as where you are seeing it from.”
“You mean Emily’s bottom is much more appealing from down there,” she said doubtfully. “She has been having trouble with it lately, the way other people see it. We keep telling her it’s just a matter of point of view, but I’m convinced it’s an impediment to her future, instead of an asset. I think that’s what her little display is all about. She said she wanted to widen the debate a little. I think it’s disgusting.”
“Disgusting to some is intrigue to others. Even Ms. Cranberry could draw a crowd from five floors up, not that she’d ever contemplate such a thing,” he hastened to add as an insurance against her ever being told Harper’s strangely compelling ‘for instance’. “It’s all in your point of view, Lynsey.”
“Professore.” Giacomo had returned. “Professore,” he said with soft concern, looking severely out of context, the way only Italian hotel managers could look when a beloved customer had done something awful to his property. He had on his face the look of a man who thought Professores should know better than to allow their studenti to conduct themselves like that. He looked like a man who was bitterly disappointed. Harper now feared for his title, an honour which had just been minutes ago bestowed upon him and which now looked as though he was about to lose in the most ignominious way possible - taken from him by the very man who had bestowed it. Harper felt ashamed and cowered back into his chair. He had come to respect this disheveled, pajama’d Italian.
“Pro-fe-sso-re!” Giacomo said again with intensified disappointment, delineating each syllable. He rolled his eyes and shook his head, scrunching his shoulders up.
“He wants to know what you intend doing with that baggage hanging out of number forty-two,” Lynsey offered as a loose translation.
“I know what he means, Lynsey. I don’t need an interpreter for that. Where were you when I needed you in the Uffizi in Florence?”
“Just trying to offer a little moral support.”
“Don’t need it. Now piss of. Go and do your nails or whatever it is you do. I can deal with this.”
“Like you did in the Uffizi?” she sneered.
“Christ,” Harper issued under his breath. He felt things were beginning to fly apart. It had been hard enough on the A-1 from Florence. But now in the Eternal City – eternal ever since the traffic jam on the way in – these kids were starting to really test his mettle.
“What’s that, Will?” A sixth-form boy walked past with a bulge under his T-shirt. Harper deftly removed the bottle of vodka.
“I wasn’t going to drink it, Sir,” the cherub announced innocently enough. It’s for my dad. A present for my dad. A Roman souvenir,” then ducked just fast enough to drop under Harper’s raking haymaker.
Giacomo squirmed with embarrassment. Italian children didn’t do this sort of thing. Italian children were decent, obedient, loved their parents and didn’t fool around, went to mass on Sundays and wore short pants with long socks right up to their bottoms. Why do the English insist on displaying their dirty underwear in public? If Italians had such rude infants, they would closet them away in dark rooms in mountain asylums with dogs at the gates to stop them from getting out and embarrassing people. This Giacomo said, or seemed to say, in his seemingly reproachful grimace.
Harper merely looked back at him through hooded eyes.
Giacomo’s telephone rang.
“Professore,” Giacomo inclined and handed the receiver across the desk.
“Bugger.” It was the hospital, or rather April, Mrs. Oliver in the hospital with Lucy. Lucy’s foot was not, after all, broken but merely badly sprained. It would need a pot all the same.
“Shit.”
“We won’t be able to get back to the hotel tonight,” April explained. “There’s some kind of taxi strike on.” Her beautiful soprano voice sounded like wind chimes.
“Damn.”
“We’ll be stranded here forever, unless you could get the coach driver or even his assistant to bring the coach round to the hospital and ferry us back to the hotel.”
Harper, somehow, couldn’t see this happening. Bruce, the driver and Elvis Mel, his greasy navigator, were parked for the duration. The police wouldn’t help. It was more than their jobs were worth to be seen dead helping anyone.
“What about an ambulance, April?”
“Ambulances only bring in. Don’t do take-away. I’ve asked.”
“You aren’t an order of pizza, for god’s sake.”
“Oh, and be careful what you say over the phone about God. The Vatican has had the phones here tapped, and it’s doing a number on blasphemers this weekend. Ciaoooooo.” April rang off.
There then ensued a thoughtful moment while Harper contemplated her plight. Bruce and greasy Elvis Mel would never be able to manage their coach across the ten mad blocks of Rome that separated the hospital from the hotel. Besides, the drivers had clocked-off for the day, had headed straight for the red light district, and wouldn’t be seen again until tomorrow morning.
“You’ll just have to sell your gorgeous body to any interested car-owner in the hospital, April,” he offered when she phoned back later. “The two coach drivers haven’t been seen since they dumped us all outside the wrong hotel up the street – Sat-Nav or no Sat-Nav. And anyway, you know what they’re like. They’re petrified of the Roman traffic after that incident with that tram. Innocents abroad. We’ll be lucky if Bruce will agree to climb back behind the wheel ever again after that little fiasco. That damn policeman didn’t help when he started waving his pistol around at the swarming, honking traffic.
Sell your body, April. That’s your only hope. No. No. No. Do as I say. No they won’t, I tell you. There must be loads of randy, young interns in that place just dying to get their hands on your gorgeous figure. Sell it, I tell you. It’s the only thing you’ve got that’s worth their bother.
“Your mind…? I don’t think they would be that interested in your mind, April… Your body – that’ll get you back here. And don’t forget Lucy and her pot. Stick her in the intern’s boot, but don’t let on she’s part of the deal until you’ve swung it.”
“Professore,” the manager said, drawing Keith away from the telephone. “Ice Cream Man,” he said in broken English, pointing toward a disgruntled Roman traffic cop and Mr. Jaconelli fulminating at the door.
“Excuse me, April. There’s an ice cream man at the door brandishing what I believe to be one of Emily’s bras. I’ll call you back,” he exploded, fumbling the receiver back to Giacomo and grinning obsequiously. “A thrupenny cornet, please,” he said to the officer without thinking, visibly sinking under the weight of the law’s dread authority.
“He was the prettiest looking policeman I’ve ever seen,” Lynsey later said in an effort to be helpful, while Ms. Cranberry patted Harper’s hand back to consciousness. “Did you see those eyes? Roman eyes! And that gorgeous nose. No such eyes should ever be allowed to be separated by such a nose. I feel all gooey.”


Chapter 2
Colosseo
 “Professore,” Jean Macgregor's voice echoed again around the Coliseum. This time she waved her tour rep’s white clipboard high in the air to attract his attention. The Professore, however, was still in a woebegone daze, and far from hearing her, chose to admit only distant images of Mrs. Oliver into his tour of the great Roman slaughterhouse. Eventually though, prompted by Jean’s caterwauling, the morbid, imagined sounds of butchery rose from that gruesome amphitheater, dashing his reverie.
“Professore, Professore.” Her shouts faded to a chirrupy, distant chorus.
“Kinda makes you sick, doesn’t it Mr. Harper?” Kayley, the Young Babe said, arriving unannounced beside him happy, bright-eyed and cool but now disjointed by the thought of so many massacres all those years ago. She shivered and lowered her voice. “Kinda makes you glad you weren’t a Christian, or aren’t, or if you are, that you are now and weren’t then. It makes me giddy between the shoulder blades just looking at this place. Makes you wonder why they didn’t tear it all down when they realized how wrong the whole thing went…back then.”
“Looks like they tried to, but it was too hard for them to knock it all down at once,” Harper replied, “and they’ve been chipping away at it ever since – looks like.”
“Your broad’s calling at you down there, by the way.”
“Mrs. Macgregor is not my broad, Kayley.”
“Oh no? That’s what Lynsey says she is.” Kayley twisted in mock embarrassment, eyes wringing wide. “She said she was your fancy-piece for the rest of the tour to keep your mind off our muck-ups. I can’t figure that one out. I thought you’d go for someone a little less Milton Keynesey.”
“She got us all into this place for the price of two sticks of gum, didn’t she? Not bad for a fetid old concubine. She knows her stuff.”
“All the same, watch your back, Mr. Harper. I know that look when I see it. And the way she’s always digging into your thoughts, anticipating your every need, always in your face. She’s herding you. Just look at her down there.”
“She’s doing nothing of the sort, Kayley. Just a good, honest person trying to do her job, which your sniping won’t deter.”
“She wants to snipe your heart, Sir,” Kayley said without the least tremor in her cool, smoldering, blue eyes.
“I’ll have to keep an eye on it then, won’t I? Could be a tad uncomfortable touring round the rest of Rome with a sniped heart.”
“See you at the other end of Septimius Severus, then, Sir, if you can manage it minus a heart. Lynsey’s convinced she’ll devour you long before you get much past the Arch of Titus.”
The emergence, early that morning of Jean Macgregor out of the clouds at Santa Maria Maggiore had proven a godsend to Harper. The back alleys of Rome opened to her expert guidance. Admittance to the Colosseo was gained without cost. Jean had been a harridan at the ticket window, bullying her way to the front of the queue and brandishing her dog-eared list of names at the cashier, demanding free admittance for all of her studenti inglesi, after which she had turned tail and dodged off round the corner for a sly smoke and a natter with her mates, the local tat vendors. She would steer her students in their direction for a fee. The vendors would do the rest. Rome Guides for only thirteen euro, down from fifteen – a bargain.
“Professore,” she waved, spying him and Kayley in one of those holes in the walls of that vast stone quarry. He wondered if now might be a good time to beat a retreat out the back and leg it out of the Coliseum altogether. Take to his heels and find that little café “solitude” down a cool side street. Lose them all. Find a nice, quiet table, order cappuccino after cappuccino and while away the rest of the morning on his backside.
Suddenly, weasel-eyed Will Gerard slunk past with another unnatural appendage under his shirt, slipped in round the next pile of rocks and disappeared into a dark, foreboding catacomb behind stone pillars and iron bars into the illicit shadows of antiquity, too stealthily-quick to catch.
“Excuse me Kayley. It’s Mrs. Oliver at the hospital again.” Harper lifted his screaming Blackberry to his ear. “Yes, hello, April. Yes, I know you’ve been in that god-awful hospital for a full day now, but there’s bugger-all I can do about it here in the Coliseum, is there? Look, you’ll just have to forage round a bit more. Use your initiative. I was going to say ‘fabulous bod’, but you’ve already rejected that piece of advice, and I’m running short on anything else to offer.
“No! Bruce said it’s more than his nervous system is worth to try and tackle Roman traffic so soon again. That’s what he says. We can’t have him seizing up on us now, can we? No. It’s not that. You don’t understand. You say I don’t understand, but it seems to be you who are lacking the compassion.
“Look, April, we’re here for a tour round the ancient city not to play charioteer to a sprained ankle. Yes. I know. I know it wasn’t your fault. But you’re there with her at the moment, and I’m afraid, April, you’re stuck with the looking-after-her bit. I’m off to see the Forum and stuff, so…No… calm down. It’s out of the question. Just try and see this thing from my point of view. Don’t be so bloody selfish and try to find somebody with a spare crust until you can get her out of there. Don’t. No, don’t. Don’t try and do that, April, love. It’s too far. I know. I know you climb mountains in your spare time, but that’s not the same as lugging her bloody great dead-weight halfway across Rome, is it?”
“Did you feel that, Mr. Harper?” Kayley, who had wandered along behind her teacher out of the Coliseum and past the Arch of Titus, broke back into Harper’s conversation in front of The Senate.
“What? Feel what?”
“A sort of shimmering, like an earthquake, only it isn’t out there. It’s in here. There. There it goes again. Like a heartquake. Something going off inside. Funny…” she sighed, “It happens every time.”
“Every time, what?” he said, happy at the chance to put his Blackberry back into his pocket.
“Every time that Italian boy looks round at me and smiles. That one over there leaning on the railings. He’s nothing to look at really? But he’s got a way of looking. I think all Italians do. They grab hold of you in here, your lungs or something, and pull them about. Seems to knock the stuffing out of you. See? He’s doing it again.”
“It’s just his tight jeans, Kayley. Spiced beef is nothing to be alarmed about. You’ll get over it in a few decades time.”
“I hope so, Mr. Harper, coz,” she said, impaled on the young man’s greasy leer. “I think I’d better go and find somewhere cool… That’s what Ms. Cranberry said to do if you get a touch of the vapours,” she said all out of breath, leaning on her teacher’s arm for support, yet leaning all the while in the inevitable direction of her admirer.
“You should find somewhere cool to lie down in, Ms. Cranberry said, apply cold compresses to the forehead, and turn your mind to mathematics. He’s… Look at what he’s doing now, Sir. Do you think that’s allowed out in the open like this, I mean, in public?”
“Whether he’s allowed or not, he’s doing it, Kayley. But I think he’d stop if you stopped.”
“Stopped what?”
“Languishing like that. Dressed like that.”
She pulled her unlikely respectability back round her shoulders and sulked, “You’re not supposed to notice things like that, Sir.”
“Like what?”
“Languishing and things… clothing,” she said trying to cover up without too much success.
“That’s a good one coming from someone dressed like that.”
“I’m not dressed like that,” she said, truly shocked, trying to hide her blushes. “I’m not dressed like that. I’m… I’m…”
“See, he’s stirring, and so is his friend.”
Kayley turned her back on them, searching desperately out over the Palatine Hill for escape, yet listening over her shoulder to the amiable Italian banter as her two young swains approached.
“Scuse signore.” One of them, the one with the tight jeans, began to ask Harper for his daughter’s hand in marriage or other parts - out - disguised as affable chit-chat about the state of the Italian weather. Hand gestures said one thing: eyes and charming smiles belying his true intentions.
“He says he’d like to act as our tour guide, take us round the Forum and stuff… show you his Fluvius Maximus,” Harper interpreted for her. “It’s quite a stunner, so he says, Kayley. What do you think? Want to spend the rest of the morning admiring his Fluvius Maximus - or trotting behind my bit of crumpet’s white clipboard?”
“I think I can see Megan and the others down there, Sir,” the haughty beauty said, vastly ignoring Harper’s turgid little joke and pushing her way through the thronging Italian twosome.
For the rest of the morning Kayley’s would-be paramours were like two felonious puppies dogging her tracks, barely there, yet never out of sight. Along the Appian Way, they aped and gargoyled her, feigning interest in one treasure, forsaking another, darting their sweet, little, romantic glances at their intended victim whenever – in an unguarded moment – hers met theirs; sitting down to scratch a flee - if Harper turned round, to melt into olive bushes; or, when Ms. Cranberry’s spinsterish glower cut across their path, to leap behind The Arch of Titus like characters out of some black and white Disney cartoon.
“It’s her own damn fault for coming out dressed like that. Look, they’ve multiplied,” Harper hissed in reply to Sheila’s mentioning the Polizia.
“There’s four of them now. It’s as if they can smell impending victory. Where did the other two come from?” As he said this, another, urgent, sweating, little one appeared over the brow of the hill and joined the others. It was a convention of swarthy, dwarfish Romans descending upon them from all sides. Harper felt under siege. Short, stocky, swarthy little Roman gladiators on the make for any errant, makeable female. The girls, for their part, had no interest in putting them off. Harper felt powerless, heady, usurped, the leader of a scavenging band of predatory females who had no intention of listening to a word he said. It was hopeless. Any minute now they were all going to charge as one into the arms of their stocky, stubbly-chinned lovers.
The sun grew big in the sky. Harper’s mouth tasted dry. His neck ached from the unremitting threat to it of those determined lovers over there behind the House of the Vestal Virgins – another dead giveaway. Cranberry was nowhere to be seen now, and all these young, predatory girls were getting restless, breathless, were beginning to sweat and steam. Any excuse to dispense with more clothes. He had witnessed them already at various stages in the trip, idly, innocently disrobing in an antic rehearsal of their own ravishing; casually leaving off the odd jumper, discarding a cardi, unknotting a scarf, plucking loose a top button.
Bastards, he thought, knowing that there was no way out of the Forum other than back out past the vultures with their entrapping eyes and hairy chests. He knew they would have hairy chests. They all did, blokes like them. Smiles as broad and evil as Mussolini. He pondered this, and as he searched for escape, saw Kayley casually, ritualistically lowering the shoulders of her blouse. The wrecking crew on the hill above her went quietly wild with anticipation. Cleavage was one thing, but a bare shoulder to these swarthy baboons – too much, too much to take. Necks craned to see better that offering, each rising above the other in fealty to her immodest generosity.
“You can just put that away.” Harper had finally had enough. “And those, and here, you dropped this on the path back there. Get it on and cover up,” he said, stuffing Kayley’s jumper into her unwilling fists, her outrage choking back aspirations of her intended ravishing.
“I don’t want to be trampled to death in the stampede. Get up there and walk beside Mrs. Macgregor. They won’t touch anything within ten metres of her zany clipboard. And stop jiggling. There’s only so much these guys can take before their hysteria glands start to take on lives of their own.”
The poor thing was wont to ask how he expected her to jiggle underneath all of that repressive woolen binding, but restraint held her in check until they were safely past the whoopos in the trees.
“You are treating us like an ogre, like a father, a wild father without the least concern for his daughter’s proper social development,” the gang of Young Babes led by Kayley shrieked at their teacher in chaotic unison.
“If social development means getting ravaged by a pack of lecherous gewgaws, then I need a newer Oxford English Dictionary.”
“We use the Italian one,” Lynsey said sauntering to the head of the group. “And anyway,” she squirmed, “we want to go clubbing tonight right away across the other side of town,” she said, “where none of you can see what we get up to and get ourselves right properly ravaged beyond redemption,” she didn’t actually say, but widened her eyes, and in their widening lay tacit universal coding which meant this, as well as, “We won’t come back again until we’ve ravaged every eligible young man in the joint, until we’re so full of Roman semen they’ll have to cart us home in a leak-proof skip,” she didn’t really say, but meant, I am certain.
“And,” Lynsey didn’t add but stood there squirming as if it was what she felt she had to do to catch his attention, if not his ascent, “there’ll be drink and drugs galore, so by the wee small hours we’ll all be so stoned we won’t be able to feel a thing anyway, and you won’t be able to do a thing about it, coz you’ll not be there – you’re too old to be allowed in – and you’re not my dad anyway, so you can’t stop me,” she didn’t actually add but implied by the evil manner she swung from side to side and looked at him in that witheringly superior, teenage way.
“Not a chance,” was all he said, supremely confident that there was not a scenario on earth they could bring to bear on the case that might ever persuade him.
“Not a hope in hell,” a superior grin of his own wrapped across his face.
“You’re just insane, you are,” Lynsey screamed, struggling with her words. “You are living in the sexual middle ages,” she said, folding her arms across her chest and leaning back into her tirade, “Don’t you know what all of our grans fought so long and hard for back in the twentieth century? Burning their bras and going on demos and dodging the draft for? Just so we could be free.”
“I know there’s an answer to this somewhere, Lynsey…” Harper seemed to melt a little, “but I’m buggered if I can think of it just now. Oh… Oh yeh. Just thought of it. I just remembered why none of you can go off and get your ever-lovin’ brains doped-out clubbing tonight.”
They all crowded round now in a seriously intimate girlie swarm, eyes pinning him for the answer.
“It’s coz,” and they all squeezed closer, jamming him in, trapping him to change his mind. “It’s coz I say so, and that’s bloody well good enough for me.”
“Well it’s not bloody well good enough for me,” Lynsey screamed, but not in so many words, and then she didn’t say but inferred, by the way she flipped a casual hip at him, “…and I’m going out on the razz tonight. Whether I get ravaged or not – it’s my body.”
To which he added lamely, “and anybody who disagrees…”
“Yeah, Harper?” Lynsey threatened him with such a look that he knew he was about to lose the argument. It was a hating look, a despising, loathing look that transcended the generations, and Harper searched for some pretty serious support to win the day. And, just when he thought he might lose not only the argument to this mutiny, but the whole tour, he espied an ally.
“Yeah… You’ll have to get past that twentieth century bra burner first,” he said pointing at Jean Macgregor, a veteran of the sexual wars of the sixties but, ultimately, now mindful of the need to keep these young, rabid women penned up to protect them from themselves. Jean had seen it all, done it all, had taught for forty years, retired and was well aware of the bullshit many young women still preached on behalf of this freedom or that.
“It might have been OK to let them go clubbing in Florence,” Jean said as they strolled leisurely on toward the great, big, white wedding cake building just outside the Forum, “but in Rome…?” She frowned and shook her head.
Later that night there was a perplexed look on Harper’s face as he contemplated the empty rooms of several young things who seemed to have slipped out past Ms. Cranberry’s Checkpoint Charlie in the hotel lobby.
“What do you mean, they told you I said it was OK? Didn’t you do anything to stop them?” he demanded.
Sheila said that she thought it was OK if they went to a club. After all, Harper said it was OK in Florence. “Why all of a sudden the panic?”
“But this is, is, is… Rome,” he blurted, truly amazed at her simple, trusting mind. “This is the hedonist capital of the world, not to mention Italy. You don’t allow young girls to do things like that in Rome. Not in Rome. Haven’t you ever seen Pinocchio? Walt Disney would have a fit, not to mention Jepetto,” he moaned.
“What will I tell Jean?” His voice rose in despair with every newly discovered calamity.
“What will I tell Giacomo who will have to wait up for them ‘til five in the morning?
“What will I tell Lynsey’s mum when she rings up at ten, as she does every night, to see to it that just this sort of thing doesn’t happen?”
The hotel phone rang, and Giacomo handed it across to Harper without bothering to see who was on the other end.
“Hello. Oh hi, April. What do you mean they are all OK? Who’s OK? Lynsey and her gang of strumpets?” he echoed April with unimaginable dismay in his voice. “What are they doing in the hospital with you, for god’s sake? No, don’t tell me. Let me guess. On second thought, I don’t want to guess, because when I get it all wrong, you’ll want to tell me the awful truth anyway. So just forget I asked.
“They got picked up by the Polizia?
“April… Stop right there. I don’t want to know. Knowing will only bring me more pain. What Polizia? The Polizia at Trevi Fountain. But we haven’t been to Trevi Fountain yet. That’s on tomorrow’s itinerary. It was on the lasses’ itinerary tonight, you say? You’ll have to speak up a little, April. You’re growing faint. I can’t hear you very well. Must be these Italian phones again.
“You say you’re growing faint because you’re fading away from lack of nourishment. Now, April, I don’t believe that one bit. You’re just messing with the Professore’s nerves, aren’t you? In a modern city like Rome, how can you starve? Get one of the strumpets on the phone. They must have plenty of energy left if they can scale Trevi Fountain ahead of a platoon of the local Polizia…”


Chapter 3
Soliciting
Next morning, at the centre of a swarming of girls in front of Giacomo’s counter, “…soliciting at Trevi Fountain,” Lynsey announced with a swirl and a flounce, bounced on her notoriety like a front page harlot, licking her upper lip with a growing, evil, self-satisfied grin.
“And,” Emily cut in, all excited. “I almost pulled!”
“You did? Oh my god,” one of the impressionable Young Babes gagged.
“Fifty euros, that’s what I was going to charge,” Emily said proudly. “Sounds pretty classy for my chassis,” she said, smacking her flank like a pro. “Only…” her face fell. The others grew attentively silent, respectful of Emily’s impending loss. “…the Polizia arrived just as these gorgeous hunks started pulling out their…” she looked at Harper for permission to continue and smiled sweetly, as he turned his head away in horror, “…wallets. These lovely big policemen came round the corner in their cop cars and chased them away. I was charging them way over the odds. We’d bargained for, oh, say, half an hour before they got me down to fifty. I started at five hundred, just to be on the safe side. But they were so persistent, weren’t they, Lyns?” she twinkled.
“Not persistent enough, it seems, or fast enough’” Lynsey said. “I’ve never seen guys dither so long over anything as worthless as you. The merchandise wasn’t really attractive enough for them. Now, if it had been me…”
“I offered them you,” Emily sailed on magnificently, “in the middle of the fountain. But even at knock down prices, they weren’t interested. They said they preferred my innocent beauty to your haggard, worn-out carcass. It’s your nose again, see? I keep warning you about that thing, but you never listen. You could have had three luscious Italian men and enough spending money for a month, if it weren’t for your nose.”
Lynsey quietened to a sulk.
“No they didn’t. They didn’t say anything about your nose, silly,” Kate pitched in to cheer her friend up, then, spurred on by a grimace from Emily, added, “It was your body they were repulsed by. You couldn’t give it away, not even to three drunk Italians.” Kate stopped unexpectedly, experiencing again the frightened fascination she felt as that one Italian boy caressed her memory with his eyes. He was on the other side of the fountain looking across at the gang of sweet, young, English girls who were trying, only just managing not to strumpet. Everything had been clumsy and uncertain until that particular young Lothario appeared. He was gentle in his admiration of her, deftly shy, and unlike the prodding, groping bores they had fended off most of the night, this one merely smiled gently across the piazza at her.
This is it, she thought, smiling back. This one is going to sweep me off my feet. He’ll accost me in broken English, offer to buy me an ice cream and rush me into the middle of the city on the back of his Lambretta. We’ll swoop round the Coliseum, horns honking and scarves waving and end up on some beach somewhere, where we’ll spend the rest of the night while the sea curls round our toesies.
But, alas, it wasn’t and he didn’t, and they didn’t. The sea would have to wait, for as she gazed back at him, it became uneasily clear to her that his eyes were now fixed not on her but on another woman in his foreground whose back was turned to him and toward whose handbag his mystical hand slithered. Like the drawing closed of a curtain, tourists intervened to block out the consummation of his criminal intercourse. Sullied by the young man’s infidelity, Kate turned to the crashing laughter of her friends who were playing with a man selling tat beside the fountain.
Lynsey offered him Emily in exchange for a cigarette lighter that looked like an alien from outer space and squirted flame from its vagina when you pressed its boobs. He refused Emily. He needed money, not more fancy goods, shook his head and quarreled good-naturedly as they pressed him to take the offer.
“I don’t think you are at all funny,” said Kate, all the while watching out across the piazza for the eyes that had glistened secretly at her. “She’s worth much more than that silly lighter.” Then she suddenly broke off. “Do you see that…that boy over there? He’s… Stop him!” she shouted, suddenly flinging herself into the wall of tourists, and, engulfed by them, disappeared almost entirely from sight. Her rump remained in view as she forced herself further and further away from her amazed friends and closer to a dark-haired young man sitting next to the fountain pool. What happened next was like a ballet. The intervening mass parted almost on cue to leave Kate suspended in mid air in an open space hurtling toward the young man holding something. The water in the pool rippled out from the splash as Kate flung herself headlong at the young man, carrying him and another bloke next to him into the pool.
The brave signorina.
Water flew out in every direction.
She struggled with her prize - his empty fist – and finding it empty, eyes burning with condemnation, she screeched at him to show her where that woman’s purse was. Water ran down his astonished cheeks. Water ran down his neck. Water ran down over his closed eyelids. Water ran off the top of his head and into his gasping mouth, and he spewed it out in a spluttering, gasping cough.
“Where is it?” she demanded, just as wet as he, yet undaunted. The thief could only shrug his shoulders and cringe back out of the way of her flailing, splashing fists. Hiding behind upraised elbows, he lifted his knee as her feet now joined her feeble attack.
“You took that lady’s purse,” she spattered and swung. “I saw you. “ Kick. “Over there.” Swipe. And the missed kick lifted a shimmer of Trevi water onto the onlookers beside the pool.
When Lynsey reached her, she had the terrified young man by the throat and would have choked the life out of him had not her friends pulled her back. They were all in the pool by now with several captivated onlookers, as well as the astonished victim who stood back and the local police who attacked the thief before Kate, now seeing his innocent terror, swam unaccountably to his aid.
“Stop it. You can’t do that to him.” She clung to his shoulders, shielding him and at the same time pushing the poor waif back under water.
“It was my fault,” she sputtered, bewildered at what to say next and yet, at the same time, quite taken by her ingenuity. “I threw myself at him. My fault; not his,” which is generally why Kate and the others were all picked up by the police for soliciting and hauled off to the hospital to be checked over while the thief, was treated for a minor head wound.
“They’re all flapping about the place like a load of seals,” April explained over the phone to Keith. “Soaking wet, each one handcuffed to a policeman. Kate’s one is quite sweet. He’s got lovely brown eyes and a cute, little nose. They seem to be getting on famously. Mind you, Lynsey’s not happy. Her one’s at least twenty stone and one of those walking Italian gorse thickets. He’s got hair sprouting out from all over the place. Bombolli, I think they’ve named him, after that park in Florence. There’s hair growing from everywhere – sleeves, collar, buttonholes. He’s very hairy. Lynsey keeps edging away from him and pulling him after her with her handcuffs, which he doesn’t like because it interferes with his perpetual eating. He’s a perpetual eating gorse, always digging through his pockets for a sandwich or rolled up pizza. I’ve got my eyes on a bit of that pizza, mind, hairs or no hairs. I haven’t eaten in eons. Although, I suspect Lucy’s managed to bribe one of the young doctors in here for a nibble of something or other. She’s in amazing spirits for a girl with a pot on her foot and her arm in a sling.
“Oh, yes. I forgot to tell you, she sprained her wrist last night while one of the interns was putting the pot on her foot. Suspicious. I think it’s love, by the silly look on her face, despite being practically paraplegic. The doctors still aren’t sure about the cast, and now there’s that wrist she’ll have to have X-rayed. The others should be able to walk back to the hotel from the police station once they’ve been arraigned for soliciting. Apparently they’ll just get a telling-off. Call you when there’s any more news. Got to dash, Lucy’s just fallen down some stairs. She says her E-111 is in her suitcase. See you tomorrow. Ciaooooo.”
“It was all Kate’s fault,” Lynsey pushed at Kate. The pajama’d Giacomo raised a wary eye from his newspaper then slumped headlong again into the picture of a beautiful, naked woman on the front page. “I’ve never been so embarrassed in all my life,” she continued. “They took fingerprints and everything and made me have a picture taken without letting me do my hair up properly. No make up. I must have looked a mess. A full frontal mess. God knows what the little man who sticks the pictures into the police scrapbook will think.”
“There’s that hag English girl that looked too much like a witch to be allowed out on the streets of Rome; that’s what he’ll think,” Emily said with a knowing nod. She too was morbidly knackered and collapsed onto the chair under the manager’s nose. “And he’ll be right. Even that fat, hairy polizia, Bombolli. What a sight you were! He couldn’t wait to get the cuffs off you! Now my one…” she said in a coyly coquettish way, “my one was on the verge of tears when we left.”
Emily stood up at the desk and hammered on the little bell directly in front of the manager. The droll manager lifted his heavy, bloodhound gaze from his newspaper, unaffected by the girl’s abominably bad manners and simply inclined both eyebrows, twisted his chin downwards - brow-beating her over the tops of his reading glasses with his silent contempt. He sighed and before she had time to squawk her room number at him had lifted down her key from its hook in an act of superior legerdemain. Produced it for her – just like that.
“Got to get changed for tonight,” Emily announced, rejuvenated with the expectation of an evening at the Teatro del Opera up the road. “Come on you two. Everybody else has had at least twenty-four hours head start primping and plastering by now,” she said, pushing her way through the foyer full of semi-dressed young women. “But it’s not how much time you have; it’s what you do with it, and what you have to start off with.”
“And in your case, Emily – bugger all,” Lynsey sniped. “You could spend the next two weeks in front of a mirror, and it wouldn’t make a ha’porth of difference. Now me, all I need is five minutes and… perfecto – Gina Lolabrigida.”


Chapter 4
Teatro del Opera
“Oh my god! Oh my god! Look!” Lynsey pointed excitedly across the opulent foyer of the Teatro del Opera packed with a crowd of first-nighters in tuxedos and ball gowns. “Look, Kate, isn’t that your thief over there? No, over there by the door, silly. He’s the doorman, and by the looks of him, working it for all he’s worth.”
Looking resplendently beautiful in fashionably oversized tails and frilly shirt, brass buttons and vermilion cummerbund, Kate’s doorman-thief worked the front of the house like an orchestra conductor; heels together, ministering to this enquiry and that problem, assuring three young American women that there were no more seats left in that part of the Teatro, apologizing in the most delicately charming manner with a nod, a little obsequious nod, a plaster on his forehead flashing from beneath curly, black locks, always the obsequious nod and fervent smile; indulging a brusque man’s rudeness, tactfully yet firmly holding his ground, turning the complaint over to another, lesser stooge, with a nod; all the while his eyes, those perfectly gorgeous brown eyes reading his patrons with such condescension, such élan, such heroic compassion.
“Oh my god! That’s him!” said Kate under her breath, but with so much more to the worth of that statement than Emily or Lynsey could ever understand. Her entire being had lost its breath.
“I’ll see you two at the end of my life,” she whispered to nobody in particular, for there was nobody in particular in her mind at that moment, save that delicious boy at the doors nodding so seriously from patron to patron. “I’ll just float across there and ask him to marry me right now to prevent a lot of hassle, introductions and stuff,” she said dreamily, “falling in and out of love a few times, red roses and rings and things, families, a mother who won’t allow him out after dark, assignations below his balcony, more policemen when I break into his flat. Stuff like that,” she said several centimetres above the floor. “I’ll just go over and marry him on the spot, if you two will just wait a mo.”
Emily, the pragmatic one - pragmatic because being so fabulous-looking meant her life already had been full of boys and men and all their accompanying paraphernalia - grabbed Kate by the arm to drag her back down to earth. The pull of love, however, was too overpowering even for her streewisenesses.
“It’s no good marrying a criminal, Kate. He’ll be off every night burgling the ambassador’s jewels instead of at home changing nappies.”
“I don’t care,” she squeaked, a hoarse echo of her former self. “as long as he strokes those lovely hands over my entire body a couple of million times when he gets home from work and lets me kiss those beautiful eyes,” catching herself, breathless, “when he’s not too busy. He can burgle, make false teeth, for all I care, run an Esso station or,” she searched, “or run a maggot factory, I don’t care, as long as he lets me run my tongue all over his body in his spare time. I’ll be happy.”
“By the looks of things,” Emily said at her elbow, “you’ll have to get in line behind those blokes over there, or at least share him with them. He seems to be a pretty popular boy with the gentlemen as well as the ladies. Looks like he’s in demand from all sorts of people. Could be a tad gay, by the looks he’s giving his friends.”
“He’s just practicing,” Kate assured Emily, still in a furry cloud somewhere above them all, “getting ready for me. I’ve never seen such eyelashes. I can feel the draft from them all the way over here when he blinks.”
“Come along, Juliet, we’ll have to get to out seats.” Emily tugged her gasping friend toward the second balcony.
“Do all Italian men know how to do that?” Kate hissed aghast at Emily. “That look. It’s so, so, so wonderful what they do.”
“It’s called smiling.”
“No. It’s not that. It’s more intimate. I know smiling. I do smiling myself, and I’m pretty good at it too, but the way they do it is so, so, soooo… Italian.”
“Latinate?” Emily officiated in her beautiful coloratura soprano. “Heart curdling?” she sang.
“That’s it,” the innocent Kate confirmed. “That’s what they do, don’t they? Have you noticed it too? I was worried I was the only one who… They make you all gooey and, and, and nice, like the inside of a passion fruit.”
An elderly, white-haired lady in powder and pearls in the row in front of them turned delicately halfway round. Kate thought it was to tell her off for talking, but when her face appeared there was a blissfully, hopelessly dumb smile on it that made Kate feel that at that very moment, she too was curdling a bit inside.
“Don’t talk to me about curdling hearts,” Lynsey harped. “And, Liam, you can just turn round too and mind your own bloody business and stop grinning. The only thing you’ve ever curdled is…” but before she could complete her nagging, she was shushed quiet by the dimming of the lights and the raising of the curtain. Romeo and Juliet, Roman style, ballet style. The figures on the distant stage below looked like players on a brightly-lit chessboard framed within the columns around the second balcony.
At the end of the first act, to one side toward the distant stage end of the balcony, a pair of eyes twinkled in the dark then disappeared behind a column, appeared again, seemed to grow with the sight they had captured of the two rows of English students huddled and hushed on the far side of the Teatro. As the lights played up to follow the final telling-off of all Verona by the Prince, the slim, attentive figure of the doorman stepped back into the shadows again lest he be spotted by the object of his melting gaze.
When the final curtain dropped and the dancers came forth on stage to take their bows, Kate felt something or rather someone watching her, someone over there at the other end of the balcony. Like a frightened doe, she turned her head and gasped. Emily followed Kate’s eyes, and her overly made-up, scarlet lips dropped open. She sighed audibly, and her shoulders sagged when she too saw the doorman. “You get hold of that arm, Lynsey; I’ll get this. We’ll have to run her out past him as fast as we can. Any money he’s got his little Lambretta pop-pop-popping round the back of the Teatro, ready to whisk her away.”
“But it is romantic,” Lynsey protested, dragging their unwilling charge down the last flight of stairs that led to the foyer. Not daring to oppose the omniscient Emilia, she added, “Couldn’t we let her have just one little snog on her way out? One little caress? Something for her to remember on a cold, drizzly night back home?”
“Keep her head covered with this program on the way out, and I’ll knee him in the goolies if he gets any funny ideas. Look. He’s too smoldering for my liking. He’ll be simmering next, and then god knows what he’s likely to do right in the middle of Rome.”
“It won’t work,” Kate squeaked and struggled to be free from under the program. “It won’t work, Lynsey. He’ll rescue me from you and carry me off on his little Lambretta.” Her racket was a disgrace as they approached the sovereign presence of the doorman bowing imperiously to the patrons flooding past him through the doors. Everything about him was too, too exquisite: his wispily disheveled hair, his tie tied, slightly off to the side – just so – cummerbund tight around his waspish waist, trousers and jacket ever so slightly too big – three wrinkles above the trouser cuffs – so elegant, showing off his waspish figure and his nine o’clock shadow – man of the world, no time to shave, no need when you look like me, take me or leave me, I am too gorgeous – too pretty for a girl, as beautiful as only very few men can be.
As Lynsey and Emily hustled their captive, hidden under a program, toward the exit, the squealing of the stowaway caught his ear. No one squealed in his teatro, and his full attention turned to the three young beauties squeezing across his bows. His heels clicked Gestapo-like, one lovely eye raised and chin lowered, about to pronounce upon them. Emily stiffened, sullied by his arrogance.
“Don’t do it, Emily,” Kate simpered from beneath the Cast of Characters. “You’ll hurt him. But so close to him now, Emily lost all sense of time and space, so dumbstruck was she by his unassailable beauty.
“Don’t do it.” Kate’s maniacal shriek rent the air. “He’s too little. He’ll break. He’ll crumple into a dusty heap on the floor, then what will your streetwise crappology do?”
From somewhere beyond her darkened, terror-filled world under the program, Kate heard a thump and thoracic grunt. Then she felt urgent hands thrusting and tugging her as they tumbled out into the clear, still Roman night air.
“You could have helped a bit,” Lynsey complained when Kate had at last found her bearings on the lawn outside the foyer. “You didn’t have to stop halfway out. I nearly got a hand stuck up your bum, I was pushing so hard.”
Feeling fully expurgated by her friends, Kate rounded on Lynsey. “You had no business having your hand anywhere near my bottom. I was quite capable of getting out of there by myself without being incidentally impregnated by half the theatrical doormen in Rome, thank you very much. And I told you not to knee him,” glaring at Emily who had that casual, self-satisfied smugness about her of a job well done. An evil, little Mae West smile grew across her lips.
“Believe me, Kate, you are totally better off not knowing just what I saved you from, because, believe me, if you knew, we’d never have got you out of that building,” she said remembering with some fondness the object at the end of her point of impact.
“And all I got was Lynsey’s hand up my backside,” Kate lamented, not even a fond caress to remember him by.”
But Emily had, and it quite stole her heart away, as well, dear reader, as other more intimate parts of her anatomy, which will, for decency sake remain unidentified.
“You did it,” Kate accused the preening, Wicked Witch of the North. “You kicked him. I heard his gasp. He’s probably back there right now in the middle of that sump of Italian women being ministered-to by all and sundry, all of them massaging him better, when it should have been me. Ooooh,” she whined.
“You’d never have managed it,” Emily pronounced grandly dismissive. “You think all he’s got is a lovely face!!”
“That’s all I need, really. And, er…”
“… a nice cummerbund,” Lynsey said, interposing herself between two confused and potentially indelicate allusions.
“You didn’t have a hope, Kate,” Emily said. “Believe me. You’re much better off here and him over there in the middle of that heaving throng of Italian taffeta and lace. A nice thing like you wouldn’t last a minute in the middle of that mob,” she said looking back into the foyer of the Teatro, which now swarmed like a hive of angry bees towards its centre – the downed, lovely, young doorman. Like a jungle telegraph, word of his delicate predicament spread though the building.
“It’s pandemonium in there,” a bewildered Liam reported, dizzy and staggering away from the maelstrom in the foyer, holding a hand to his head. “Some bloke’s had his trousers ripped off, and they’re going at him like a tribe of love-crazed cannibals. It’s horrible.”
“No trousers?” Lynsey asked. Liam nodded, blinking deeply to reconnect his jumbled brain circuits.
“Cummerbund?” she asked, metaphorically salivating, pursuing the image.
“Gone too. Unraveled all over the foyer by those Amazons.”
“And…” she didn’t dare ask, but hoped that Liam might, on his own, finish that terrible image.
“Longest…” he said…
“…Cummerbund I’ve ever seen,” he said, completing the picture.
“And?” she urged him on, her voice rising several croaking octaves.
“and…” he said, still seeing double and not at all sure of her intent, but added out of charity, “black and white boxer shorts – Juventis I think, or mebbe Newcastle…”
“And? The girls chorused, filling his face with insistent, exploding eyes.
“Hanging right down to his knees…”
“His…?”
“Boxers, man. What else? His shorts. What else under there? Frilly knickers?” he said, winding-up the impassioned girls. And then he added offhand, as if it didn’t really matter to anybody at all. “I legged-it as his boxers flew into the air with all that whooping you heard a minute ago. Didn’t want to be part of the carnage that followed,” and began to get a head start on the girls by digging in with quick little tippy steps then bounding into great gawky strides as they chased after him baying for a more intimate account.


Chapter 5
Liam’s Come-uppance
“Liam,” Emily hissed outside Liam’s Room.
Liam awoke thinking he must have crawled into the wrong room. He thrashed about in the dark before answering, ”Who?” in a mad, cold panic.
“Liammmmm,” Emily whined seductively, insistently loud enough to be heard through the door.
“Bloody hell, Emily, it must be the middle of the night. What do you want at this time of night? As if I didn’t know.”
She ignored his absurd suggestion and continued with her plan. “Liam, did you really see him without his boxer shorts?”
“Fecken hell, Emily. Is that all you’ve got me woken up in the middle of the bleeding night for? Is that what’s keeping you awake? You sad, sad girl.” He punched his pillow and rolled back into the middle of the bed to get comfy and reclaim his slumbers.
Just as he was getting off to sleep again, there came a rattling of the doorknob.
“I know I’m pathetic, Liam, but come on, tell me, Liam. Did you?” she whispered, raising her voice which, in turn, raised a knot in his throat. “Pulleeeeeese tell me.” Her voice squeezed its way through the keyhole and slithered down the simple boy’s rimply spine. “Tell me what he looked like.”
The doorknob rattled more urgently and Liam imagined a desolate, ill-clad figure leaning back against the opposite wall in the hallway. After another silent pause there came a choked scuffling from within his room. A light switch clicked. The doorknob inched round, and the latch released. Slowly, ever so slowly, the door cracked open a shard illuminating a sliver of light in the otherwise dark hallway.
“Emily,” Liam’s gruesome eye halfway up the shard muffled, urgently, hissed. No other sound.
“Emily,” he hissed again, the eye twisting this way and that to find its target outside. Still no reply. The crack widened to admit Liam’s suspicious nose. It stuck out to sniff, to be replaced by the burgeoning, disbelieving eyeball again, angling this way and that for a glimpse of its prize.
“Emily. You there, Emily?”
Lithe, female, manicured fingers gripped and slid up the edge of the door, slid down the door, slid up, slid down, faster and faster. “Liam,” came the breathless entreaty.
The poor, calamitous boy could resist no longer, and placing his hand on his side of the door, gave it an almighty shove, driving him out into the corridor.
Pillows rained down on him from every side as three shrieking females bounded and bounced on their victim. Sprawled on the floor, knocked senseless by the attack, the befuddled youth fended off as best he could while cowering. Covering himself, he rolled and hutched his knees up to his chest but to no avail. One area of his anatomy covered left another body part exposed to their attack. Blows poured in knocking him sideways and backwards, to the floor.
“Come on, Liam, tell us,” Lynsey laughed, and his bum was crumpled by an errant foot.
“Tell us all about Gino’s jewels, Liam,” Emily sang and mocked and laced him a good’un with her knee as hard as she could in the side of the head.
“You said you saw it,” the usually placid Kate hissed and missing him with her pillow followed up with a crippling left hook to his bum. The smack was remarkably sharp. She laughed and gave him another resounding thwack, edging her cruelty with a triumphant giggle, sending him sideways straight onto Lynsey’s elbow catching him in the groin and doubling up the terrified soul.
“See girls? There he is, our hero.” Lynsey’s victory suddenly fell silent as their stricken target rolled onto its back before drawing up its knees. “There,” she hissed again, hushed, as if discovery had claimed her breath. But Emily hadn’t quite finished, and determined to wrench him back over to her side, landed him another blow which sent him sprawling onto his back, semi-conscious.
Now, in his comatose state, he had only the sensation of being dragged and his head bumping off stairs and hushed voices in the assaulting dark. Then, strangely for a hotel, a dog started licking his face.
Breakfast next morning was a bleak offering. Three groggy-eyed teachers sat huddled round one of those woefully small Italian wrought iron tables like dispirited hags round a cauldron.
Mrs. Oliver, a bright-eyed, petite, pretty woman with a warm, engaging smile, nicely turned out despite her ordeal in the hospital, Mr. Harper and Hannah Fitchet - Miss Gloomy Picture - searched for an acceptable answer to the night before: something about boys being boys was dismissed.
“Trouble is, April, it wasn’t boys who did it,” Harper said.
“They are pretty strong girls,” April said in a hasty, cup-rattling stammer. “Big, in lots of ways,” she added brightly.
Harper raised an eyebrow, nibbled at the margin of his cappuccino. In deference to Hannah Fitchet’s abiding feminism, he hadn’t liked to notice things like that. April would have smiled but demurred an awkward blush.
He took a sip, paused in thought then added, “How they ever got him all the way out there without him putting up a fight…”
April, who had the inside track on most of the gossip on tour said in a rush, “Unconscious, so Megan says,” and nodded to affirm her source. “Head bouncing off the steps as they dragged him down by the…”
Hannah spurtled her coffee back into her cup at the scene going on in her head.
“Megan was going to the loo” April went on. “Saw the whole sordid mess. They attacked him in the corridor. He fell, apparently banged his head, knocked himself senseless and they dragged him outside.”
Harper couldn’t help being a tad nosey, “By the er…?”
“… his ankles,” April cut in quickly, concerned that the real story be told and not some trumped-up, teen-age mythology.
“He wasn’t tied up out there by the ankles, though,” added April.
 “Megan didn’t see that bit apparently. Luckily,” she gulped in horror. “She went back to bed. She must have been the only one awake in Rome last night who missed it. The police have opened a completely separate dossier on us - just us. What I cannot fathom is how those girls were able to get him out past the manager.”
“Giacomo has a lady friend who comes to visit him in the evenings,” Hannah said slyly. “I’ve seen them entwined in his office.”
“But to dangle the poor lad by the ankles from that lamppost…all night.” April breathed in the mist from her cappuccino.
“That’s not all he was dangling by,” Keith reminded her.
“I know. I know. It doesn’t bare thinking about.”
“It did to him, especially when he finally came round.”
“Mind you, they were good, weren’t they, this time round – the police,” Hannah said.
Off in a daze somewhere, Harper seemed not to care a jot about the fate of Liam. He had been musing on the phrase, “this time round,” when April jabbed him back to the present.
“I don’t care right now, April. Not after that vodka incident and his behaviour at the ballet. Wish they’d left him in that jail cell a little longer. Long enough for his parents to come and claim him. He should be there even now… awaiting trial. If it hadn’t been for Giacomo’s phone call to his ‘uncle’ the judge to let Liam go… Giacomo jabbered something about 100 euros, but I’m not paying 100 euros for Liam’s hide, are you?”
He looked directly at April who stifled a reply in favour of yet another blush and with a trembling hand said, “Bribery? Whatever next?” and looked across at Hannah whose audible intake of breath could be heard several blocks away.
“Whatever next?” Hannah echoed relishing secretly whatever she seemed to think might befall the lot of them next. “They’ll be ravaging us all in our beds.” She secretly shimmered inside and nibbled a bit of her breakfast biscotti, tasting secretly an assignation that she had hoped might befall her in Italy, yet, alas, had not, so far.
“Well, nobody’s ravishing me in my bed,” the bright-eyed, April said, “without getting through Hannah first.”
Hannah squinnied sideways over at April with a look of hopeful malevolence. “One thing’s for certain, poor Liam won’t be doing much ravaging in the near future, not after the job those girls did on him last night.”
Harper conferred inwardly with himself, with his fizzing hernia, which had been playing up lately. He would press it back into place if it hadn’t been for the indelicate position he and the other males on tour had been placed in by Liam, so he just squirmed innocently as if negotiating a stealthy fart.
“Any more coffee, Giacomo?” The subsequent, unintentional pressing of his lower abdomen brought a look of disdain from the pristine Mrs. Oliver who secretly believed there was more to Harper than met the eye.
“Sorry,” he said quickly, seeing her pretty face greying over. “Trapped wind,” he said, feeling he had somehow let the side down, feeling inexplicably party to Liam’s malfeasance, as if somehow responsible for it all.
Hannah Fitchet merely held her ground, stoically like a Buddha.
Giacomo returned with another cup of froth, muttering something about his coffee machine. With April watching for any more signs of weakness in Harper, the manager placed the cup delicately onto the table, inclined his head and retired to the safety of the bar. There was something going on that he could not understand, and so he put it down to the strangeness that haunts the inglesi.
A medieval dismay hovered above breakfast as more and more studenti, some of them only half alert to the marvels of the night before, sat down to nibble and slurp. Finally, as if to make a point, three tousled-haired beauties, still in their pajamas, made their way to the table next to the teachers and gathered round a pot of coffee to infuse its restorative powers. Harper sat stiff-backed, eyes glued to the first speaker.
“This is all getting very hard to take,” Emily croaked in her too-early-to-be-up voice. Sensing ignominy, pluffing her tangled, blonde tresses off her wet, warmly pink, soggy, morning face, she suddenly erupted, “It’s just too hard to take.”
“For god’s sake, Emily, shut up,” Lynsey said, idly picking at an eggshell.
“Well, it is. They’re all hovering like jackals.”
“Jackals don’t hover, Ems,” Kate snapped. “They stalk.”
“You know what I mean – er those flying things that go round and round you when you’re in the desert and can’t get any water, and nobody will help you even though you’ve gone through hell to deliver the post.”
“The mail,” Kate chastised. “And it’s buzzards.”
“Buzzards then. That’s what they’re like. It pisses me off,” said Emily.
“You’re not half as pissed off as Liam is.”
“He’s all right,” Emily snapped back. “He’s just lucky that I stopped you from setting fire to them like you wanted to. Talk about celebrity status. You wanted him up there with Guy Fawkes. Sparkling away. Whizzing round like a Catherine Wheel. I thought it was spectacular enough without fireworks. I don’t know what gets into you sometimes, Lynsey. Sometimes you’re like a woman possessed, a raving lunatic,” Emily spat.
Kate merely winced and went on sipping her coffee.
“You were all for stringing him up out the first floor window until I insisted we drag him outside and lash him up out there. And look at the thanks I get,” she said, casting about herself at the stunned silence.
Liam came in, examined thoroughly by all for signs. His gate was normal though, a kind of nonchalantly disinterested ambling. He yawned, and about to stretch, agitated the reddening Mrs. Oliver who thought he might pop himself an injury in front of them all, if he weren’t careful.
Hannah Fitchet had her own views on that subject which she tried, in vain, keep to herself. She bound herself up in her own private views, did Hannah, rather like the ancient Japanese women who bound their feet in tight bits of cloth, and like the inscrutable Japanese, she rather enjoyed the binding. “Is there anymore jam,” she said, hesitating to establish a point of view, then in her embarrassed haste dropping the jam into Harper’s Cappuccino.
“Liam’s so cool,” she emitted at last, “so witty, in a primitive kind of way. I want to be his friend.”
“BFF, Hannah?” April asked smoothly.
Hannah turned her head to consider the idea. For some reason, she hadn’t been getting on as well as she thought she might with April and out of an inspirational spite, said nothing.
One table over, Emily captured between two fingers a wisp of tangled hemp. “Well,” she contemplated and twined her locks, “I’m not spending another day in this city with you two dreary old hags.”
“We’re not hags, Ems,” Kate replied.
“And we’re not dreary,” said Lynsey. “I’m the one who wanted to illuminate him. Remember? Sparklers? And who stopped me? You did. But I’ll accept your offer anyway. I don’t think I want to be anywhere near you today in the mood you’re in. Not the kind of mouth I want anywhere near me in the Vatican. Those lovely Swiss Guards in their blue tights and frilly neckerchiefs. You’ll probably get us all chucked out by being rude in the face of God.”
“Don’t know what you’re talking about,” Emily said poking a hole in a piece of bread and sticking her tongue out at Liam through it. He merely looked back like Stan Laurel and scratched the top of his head, for which she had no immediate answer.
“See that,” Hannah gushed. “See what I mean? See what he did? Now that’s cool. The way he put Emily in her place just like that. Awww, he’s so cool. I wish I wasn’t so old.”
“And hag-like,” April helped. Covered in warts?”
“He’s so wonderful. Don’t you think? I just want to hang out with him, and go to the malt shop with him an’ stuff… be his friend. Don’t you think he’s great?”
April would not answer this, not truthfully, anyway, so she lowered her eyelids, affecting either incorruptible disdain or a blush, Keith couldn’t tell which. He merely held his breath for what the day ahead in the Sistine Chapel might hold.


Chapter 6 On the Roman
Tube to the Vatican
“It says nothing about getting a finger stuck up you nether regions in the Guide to the Roman Tube.” Harper was squashed, facing out, right up against the tube carriage window, partly out of self-defense and partly because he’d been jammed there by the crush of morning commuters. The tour was on its way to the great basilica, St Peter’s, and the Vatican next door.
“Keep wafting your hands behind you, Mr. Harper,” Kayley, one of the Young, street-wise Babes urged. She was a seasoned trooper of the underground systems of the world. Harper couldn’t see her. All of the tourists had been forced to get on anywhere they could because of the masses using the tube at that time of day, but he knew she was several crunched bodies away, somewhere on the other side of a rodent person who swayed with the carriage into and out of the Professore’s body line. “And don’t let them get too far in. They start setting up house if you do. Do like Emily over there,” another veteran, who was wafting away sensationally.
“If I did like Emily over there, “ he managed to say out of the corner of his face which had been crushed against the window, “half the population of Rome would be through my back porch before we got off this damn train.”
“See her? See Megan trampling those men’s feet down there? That’s the way. Waft, keep your eyes open and everything else closed, and crush the toes of anybody moving within two centimeters of you. Pucker up too; keep wafting your hands behind and in front, and whatever you do, don’t smile at a soul, even if they look as sweet as a little Italian kitten. They can sense someone as vulnerable as you, and you’ll be jumped before the train gets to the first stop.”
An eye appeared from between two bodies as they swayed away from each other round a bend in the tracks then slammed together again. It was Kayley’s eye, Harper thought. He recognized the outlandish rainbow-coloured eye shadow.
The train eased into a station. No one got off. Several thousand more Roman commuters got on, packing themselves into his carriage like a hay bailer. Panic set in. He felt the train move off again, and as it did, he was lifted bodily several centimetres into the air by the crush. He was certain he was airborne. Although he couldn’t see them, his feet were clear of the floor. His arms were pinned at his sides, and a grimy-faced, unshaven, criminal-looking rodent person glared at him, only millimetres from his neck. Out of a delirious sense of self-defense - for the man looked willful - Keith smiled lamely at the reflection through the window. This was fatal, for, as the train picked up speed, he felt a prod. Somewhere down there – down where he couldn’t see because of the crush – a prod.
“Kayley,” he gargled hysterically out of the side of his mouth, “can you see what this guy’s doing to me down there?”
“Down where, Mr. Harper?” The train jiggled on, not very fast.
“There,” he shouted above the engine whine, almost out of his head with fear. “Down there!”
“Don’t worry,” she said… said nothing more for a bit, then returned to his dilemma. “It’s not a gun.”
“But…is it?” He was now in a sweat.
“No, it’s not a knife, either.”
“It’s too blunt for a knife, Kayley. What I want to know…” but what he wanted to know could not be asked of this delicate, young girl, so he stood or rather floated in midair and stewed until they got to the next station whereupon the inward press from more Romans became even denser, squishing him towards the ceiling by another centimeter. Kayley had her own defense to muster against the attack of a thousand prodding fingers, and so left her teacher to his own devices for a sec.
“All I have to know, Kayley, is…”
His eyes shifted to Boticellian Emily who had been wracked and pinioned immobile not a metre from him, but it might have been in another city for all the good he could do her now. Emily, the seasoned veteran, looked resignedly weary and disinterested in it all.
“Kayley, is it liable to breach its fell target before we get to St. Peter’s. That’s all I want to know.”
Kayley closed her eyes and nodded deeply, certain that the fell target would have been well and truly breached at least two stops before the Vatican.”
“Think of it this way, Sir, nobody else will really know much about it …other than me and your tailor.
“And me,” he yelped as the train went over a bump.
“It’s unimportant. What you have to remember is that you are going to see one of the most beautiful exhibitions on earth.” Another train hurtled past in the other direction at warp speed. The noise was deafening. The suction almost pulled him through the window. “Hang on, Sir.”
He was hanging on. But then upon realizing all at once just what it was he was hanging on to, he shrieked in horror.
“Don’t do that, Sir. We’ll get you out of this in pretty good shape, but you mustn’t do that. The locals aren’t used to hysteria like that. They’re used to terrifying gangs of Lambrettas and ugly looking polizia and guys who rip you off in the local supermarkets, if you don’t watch your change, but they aren’t used to terrifying screams from sniveling, male tourists. Pull yourself together.”
“What do you mean – ‘pretty good shape’?”
“Almost good as new. At least there shouldn’t be anything left in there when you leave the train. These guys might be animals, but they’re tidy with it. They sweep up after themselves and sort of tidy up on their way out, sometimes even press your trousers as an act of thanks. You might even get a tip.”
“And what might that be?” the beleaguered Professore, hanging by a thread, asked.
“Did you ever think you had nothing else to live for, Kayley?” The carriage lurched to a halt, taking its populace forward within it in a swoon, then back again as it started up. “I mean when you’ve had half of the Roman subway system playing Tubular Bells within the very confines of your person, you’ve just about experienced the lot. I mean, what more is there left to live for?”
“Hari Krishna is always a treat, Sir, or Nessun Dorma with full orchestral accompaniment and a big, big choir. That’s nice. If you wait a bit before you give up the ghost, we might be able to arrange a bevy of nuns from the Vatican or the Sistine Chapel’s all male voice choir.
The tube rattled on.
“And there I was, naively thinking that all I had to look forward to in life was a double hernia, cataracts, a triple heart bypass and gall stones.”
“Could be worse,” Kayley smiled and nodded toward the rear of the carriage.
“What in god’s truth are you talking about?
Kayley said nothing. She merely turned her head again toward the far end of the car where Hannah Fitchet sat sucking a boiled sweet, her tethered lips nipping in and out like a bunny rabbit, her eyes, casually, stealthily pinned on Harper.
“She’s been at you the whole of this trip, Sir. She watches you wherever you go. I’ve seen her. She kind of lags behind and dotes. It’s kinda sweet.”
“Impossible. She thinks I owe her money, Kayley. That’s all. She’s always eying up my wallet in my back pocket. It’s not true, though. I owe her nothing…”
“She doesn’t adore your bottom, then?”
“She owes me. They both do from that cappuccino and strudel we got back in that café at that exhibition in Florence. Women always conveniently forget whose round it is. Blokes don’t. Blokes always get the next round in when it’s their turn. Women never do. They always divvy up on the spot or not at all. They owe me a fortune, they do.”
“You’re just being petty, Mr. Harper - churlish. If you’ve bought her something, it’s a present. We women don’t see things the same way as you blokes. We don’t borrow unless it’s clothes, and we don’t carry over. You’ve bought her something, and that’s why she’s interested in you now. It’s an act of feminine gratitude. Do something for us; and it’s like a vow.
“There, try not to get the next round in, just one time. Try divvying up. You’ll feel better about each other, not so threatened, and be able to go home and face your wives without thinking you’ve spent the entire evening emasculating each other. It’s true, though, Sir. She’s after your bottom. She doesn’t owe you a thing, except…”
“Except what?”
“She wants to give you…”
“What?”
“Her heart, but,” she said, grimacing, “I’m afraid you’re such an unromantic sod, it’ll never be returned.”
“Oh.” The train lumbered round another bend, fast approaching their destination. Keith turned a leery, Albert Steptoe-like eye on the bloke behind him. “Try telling him how unromantic I am. He seems to think I’m pretty hot stuff. He’s sweating like a Christmas pud, and I’ve only smiled at him once.”
Keith turned his head a degree further to the rear. The rodent person squashed up against his back and cuddled his chin into the crook of Keith’s neck. A violent jolt of the carriage threw them even more intimately together.
“Pucker, Mr. Harper, pucker,” Kayley shouted.
“I’m puckered. I’m puckered. Do you think I’d be unpuckered in the Roman tube? Why do you think I walk like I’m carrying a bag of sweets between my knees? Have you warned the rest of them to pucker?”
“Only the lads. The lasses know better than to give any of these guys a head start. The lads will have taken quite a beating down here this trip. How’s your rodent doing?”
“Gone off me, I think. He’s stopped grunting into my neck and looting my earhole with that slobbery, great tongue of his. But I don’t really think it’s me he’s after, after all. Old Grizzly Guts over there and he have been making eyes at each other for the last two stops. Their collegiate search for loose change in my pockets has brought them together – eternally, I fancy. If pupil dilation is anything to go by, they are in love – or constipated. I’d squeeze out of the way and let them find true happiness with each other; only, in the first place, the thought drives me mad with jealousy, and in the second place, it might provoke a gruesome lovemaking the likes of which the Vatican has only rarely seen.”
The advertising hoardings outside the window flashed past slower and slower until “Vatican” was caught, was caught, was caught moving slowly past, and the train came to an exhausted, hissing halt with a sudden… jolt. Doors opened. Inmates fell out in fetid balls as if compressed into steaming compost-like lumps.
Keith’s immediate, damp companions peeled slowly away from him, looked at each other with that knowing, tender, smile and walked away, hand in hand.
“I feel I’ve been in the way of something here, instead of the object of their misspent, carnal middle-age,” Keith declared. “They act as if nothing has happened to me at all in here for the last ten minutes. They act as if they haven’t both, in fact, pledged their individual, undying love to me, as if the whole thing meant nothing at all to them. They spend the length of the Roman Underground making passionate hanky-panky with my inner lining and then walk off together as though I was just some random tart they picked up along the way.
“I feel sullied. The least they might have done would have been to give me a good-bye peck on the cheek, bought me dinner, offered me an After Eight or proffered a cigarette. What about Valentine’s Day? And who’ll have me now, now that my reputation is shite?”


Chapter 7
Sistine Chapel
“Keep puckering, Mr. Harper, Sir. We’re not out of this thing yet,” Kayley reminded him as the train doors shut behind them.
Further along the platform, a sleazy, cadaverous reptile on a little flatbed trolley, slithered along after Keith’s loose change, his limp wrist holding aloft a battered tin cup. His tiny wheels skittered on the cold concrete as he drove his trolley forward with bloodied knuckles.
Kayley acted as Harper’s guide: “I’ll bet he’s got a job as a hairdresser nights. That’s where he gets the knuckles from – nail varnish. They all do this to while away their daytimes. These so-called beggars. They’re all phonies. Don’t worry. They’re really rich men. Just don’t let him get to your heart. He’ll pluck it out and sell it to some body-parts merchant outside the station. Don’t look so sentimental. They go for the jugular next,” she said using her adopted Bronx wisenheimer warning.
“The way he’s offering up that cup, it looks like he wants me to deposit something more than loose change.”
“They have their ways.”
And just as it looked as though they were going to be overtaken by him, the gnarled, skittering, so-called paraplegic suddenly stopped, blinked wildly for several seconds and started pecking around in the dirt, frantically lifting up bits of gravel with his grimy fingers, tasting the contents on the end of his tongue, then spitting it out in disgust.
“Contacts,” was all Kayley needed to say. “The air is too dry for their contacts. They jump out going over the bumps. See? There’s another one,” she said approaching another one blindly sifting the ground around his little wooden trolley with the ends of his fingers
“Don’t ask,” she added, anticipating Keith’s quizzical look.
“Vanity,” was all she said, stepping around another one with his brown nose pressed right down onto the concrete, stabbing at bits of dirt with the tip of his tongue like an anteater. “Keep puckering, Sir.”
“Pucker’s beginning to pout, Kayley. I’m beginning to walk like a chimpanzee. Can’t clam up forever,” he groaned then straightened up as they caught up to a group of pilgrims ahead containing Cranberry, Fitchet and Oliver.
“You three are walking like you haven’t been bothered at all,” he hailed them.
Cranberry looked at him as though he smelled of Roman drains. Ignoring his remark, she waddled forward bravely toward the distant exit and plundered up the tube station stairs to what she hoped would be a wonderful view of St. Peter’s at the top. It wasn’t though. The stairs emptied onto another tatty little backstreet with a garish kiosk selling overpriced bottles of plastic water and cheap, printed T-shirts of the Pope and his mates in John Lennon sun specs. Fitchet followed her up the stairs, but Oliver, feigning anger at his silly little reference, couldn’t help a twinkling smile back down at him as she chased the other two. “Funny,” he said to himself, watching her adorable, tight bum springing away from him up the steps. “I seem to have an ally.”
By the time the tour got to the ticket wicket at the entrance to the Sistine Chapel, Jean Macgregor had already bullied the officers there into letting her precious party in at the head of the queue and for free.
“Here we are,” she swept ahead of them grandly waving her white clipboard high over her head, “follow me into the most delicious setting in the world.”
It wasn’t that easy, though. After what seemed like miles of opulent, gold-clad halls and walls and ceilings covered in the most sumptuous paintings, each one - as they came upon it - being mistaken for the Chapel itself, they were all so gorgeous, they finally reached a pokey little side alley that led down a flight of dingy, dark stairs, round another nondescript corner to an ordinary doorway that opened out into a room filled with breathless wonder.
Everybody was looking up and silently absorbing indescribable beauty.
No one spoke.
Separated from the dawdling, dumbstruck students, most of whom had been left well behind in the grand Hall of Constantine, two teachers found themselves in the centre of the Sistine Chapel, looking up together.
“It’s a bit of an old barn, this building,” April whispered casually, suddenly next to Harper gazing into those amazing frescoes.
“Nice ceiling, though,” he said, sensing her movement toward rather than away from him.
“Couldn’t decide on one motif, so they threw in the works in the hope that they got part of it right at least,” she said with a cheeky grin. “Tiddlies and fierce, red-faced old men with goiters seem to be the dominant themes.”
“Nice breasts,” Harper whispered back, scanning the wall at the end of the Chapel illuminated with naked female flesh.
“Thanks,” she twinkled and ambled on to another part of that heavenly barn, now moving far enough away from him for further display and observation of her. He hadn’t the heart to correct the mistaken compliment, if in fact it had been a mistake in the first place and so pretended that it hadn’t been, gazing on her fondly whenever propriety allowed, and bugger me if she didn’t start smiling back and displaying herself the way only a young woman could, leaning this way and that, blushing sweetly, flattening her jeans against her thighs, primping, looking demure and sweet yet… approachable.
At last, after much posturing and maneuvering, they found themselves scrunched together in the middle of that sacred building staring once again up amid a sea of awestruck faces who were also looking breathlessly up. Suddenly April leant too far back, overbalanced and slipped backwards onto him for support. Grateful for the offer, Harper held her gently, but instead of removing his arm from around her, slid it caringly around her waist, taking the opportunity to guide her thoughts toward another marvel on the ceiling, which April did not seem to object to in the least. Far from it, she leaned closer into her guide and for a moment seemed content to hang more closely than ever on his commentary , holding onto his shoulder with a carefully insistent, guiding hand, before reluctantly detaching from him.
“Thank you,” she apologised, blushed and melted back into her own innocent motif. For his part, he didn’t know what he had done to earn her rebuke.
“Young Babes,” she hissed as an intimate, whispered warning, and pointed. But the warning had come too late.
Minutes earlier two newly arrived Young Babes, holding hands for support, would draw their own conclusions about what they were about to see in that Chapel.
“Old art is OK,” Kayley said to Megan, “but I have to have a TV in front of me,” she said, dreamily sucking her thumb.
Megan had not been paying much attention. She was listening inside her head to her iPod and stumbling on after Kayley, with a look of ecstasy on her face, her dancing eyes following the paths of a well-trodden favourite music track. “Lady Gaga,” she smiled and replied to Kayley rather more loudly than need be in that wondrous room, as if Kayley were deaf.
“Old art,” Kayley repeated to herself, innocently dragging Megan toward a well-known pair of bodies who were looking up underneath The Creation. Then, unaccountably, Kayley suddenly swerved into a knot of tall Germans and pulled Megan in after her.
“Did you see that?” Kayley exploded. “Did you? Oh my god! Did you see that?” she repeated, as if needing to confirm that she had seen it herself.
But snoozey Megan hadn’t heard a thing above her Lady Gaga and simply smiled the smile of a dreamy simpleton. “Lady Gaga,” she wailed at her again.
“Never mind that. Never mind your Lady Gaga,” yanking an earpiece out and placing her face within centimeters of Megan’s ear, mouthing her words as if it were Megan who was deaf. Megan still didn’t hear though, for the song in her head blocked it out. And despite the shock of disconnection, she continued to smile warmly at her friend who was looking about ready to have a fit. Kayley did look desperate.
“There, over there.” Kayley raised her voice above the German tour guide and pointed to the middle of the chapel at the same time. “Can’t you see them?”
“What? Renaissance people with no clothes on? It’s nothing to get excited about, Kayley, really. Look. There’s some up there too. And over there. They’re all over the place. This place is renown for its flaccid willies. Its called great art. Now, if you or I were to draw them on the outside of our exercise books, we’d be had up before the headmaster for indecency, or in this case, the Pope. But this is great art. Now, where’s my Lady Gaga? I want her back.”
“No, not great art – great hornytoads!” Kayley said, gawping across to the middle of the room where a woman’s waist was being enveloped fondly by the arm of a colleague looking up. “Over there,” she hissed, not daring to look across anymore, pointing but averting her eyes from the violation. “Harper and Oliver.”
“That’s nice,” the ultra-cool Young Babe said, still yearning to be hooked up to her iPod again, until it suddenly dawned on her just whose arm and whose waist it was over there. “Bloody hell, Kay, that’s Mr. Harper snogging Mrs. Oliver right underneath The Creation, right in the middle of the Sistine Chapel!”


Chapter 8
Young Babes
Still in the Hall of Constantine on their way to the Sistine Chapel, three dawdling Older Babes huddled in front of a huge fresco depicting a battle.
Kate was worried. “I think he must have followed us all the way from the hotel,” she said.
“This morning?” said Lynsey who was keeping an anxious eye on a suspected stalker over Kate’s shoulder. Kate was too scared to even look.
“If he does anything, Lyns, tell me, OK?” Kate said frantically.
“Aw, what are you two so worried about? He won’t do anything – worst luck for you, Kate. He’ll probably just stalk you all day, and ooze love at you, and stuff,” Ems said steeling a glance every now and then at Gino, the operatic doorman, who was loitering in a crowd beyond the enormous fresco of ‘The Battle of Milvian Bridge’. “until you’re alone – worst luck for us. Then he’ll do what all Italian men of substance do…” she said, looking up at the ‘Battle’.
“This is such a great fight scene. Just look at that bloke’s bottom. See?” she said, pointing to three figures in the clouds above the battle. “Jeremy Paxman with two of his old cronies doing the commentary on it from up in the clouds. Look, there’s George Alagiah and Huw Edwards…”
“What do they do – Italian men of substance?” cynical Lynsey asked. “Take out their mandolins and start plucking?”
“This is no time for sneering,” Kate said. “That may be your future friend-in-law skulking over there. Who knows?” she said, wildly, defensively shrugging her shoulders at the withering, incredulous looks given her by the other two. “After all, the two of us have been sort of going out now for two days. Well, sort of, if you include invasion of privacy as going out. And that almost constitutes an engagement in Italy. Grounds for elopement, I would say, sort of - almost.”
“I’ll get a ladder,” Lynsey said. “Put us out of our misery.”
Emily had moved along to the end of the painting, gazing up at the fighting at the bridge. “They could wade across that river, it’s so shallow and thin. I can’t see at all why they have to fight on that bridge. They could do a better job pelting stones at each other across the river.”
“It’s good versus evil, Emily. The bridge represents that point in all our lives when we have to make a decision between them – good and evil. It’s symbolic.” Lynsey explained with uncharacteristic patience.
“I don’t see why they couldn’t just leave the bridge alone and go at it on that flat bit of ground over there,” Emily said, choosing not to hear a word Lynsey had said. “I think that’s what Jeremy is trying to point out to them from above, but none of them are having any of it. Too intent on carnage to be bothered with his feeble commentary.”
“So it seems,” said Kate out of the corner of her eye, for Gino had disappeared, and she had a feeling that he was about to re-appear magically, at her shoulder, any minute now. She was worried. Worried that he might and also that he might not. The latter was the greater of the two worries, for in the time that she had known him, or known of him – for they had never been formally introduced – she had grown not fond of him – no, not fond – but distantly aware of him, like a wart on the side of ones nose, the removal and non-removal of which would cause contrapuntal anguish. This was the sort of anguish Kate felt now, a conflict that was playing Old Harry with her estrogen levels.
“It’s a pity,” Emily lamented, gazing back across the vasty fields of battle. “All the ones who’ve lost their trousers are facing away from us. Nice to see their nice, rosy bottoms, but it would be even nicer to see their whatsits. See? Like that one there with the armour on his top half but nothing on his bottom. Muscles galore and the tightest little buttocks.” Her lips smacked onomatopoeically.
“You wouldn’t see much more than that in a battle, Ems,” Lynsey explained, her eyes riveted to Emily’s discovery. “They tuck their whatsits up to keep them out of the way of swords and things. See? Like that one there. You can almost see it. Big bloke like that with such an appalling little thingy, but it’s the worry of the battle that’s done that to him. I bet when he’s relaxing with friends back in the piazza, it’s as big as an anaconda. Had to be. How else would they be able to have a self-respecting rape at the end of the battle? The women would laugh them all the way back to Rome – or wherever it was they came from.”
Still startled from goings-on in the Sistine Chapel, two Young Babes walked into the other end of the Hall of Constantine.
“Yeah. Oh my god. That was it,” Kayley was overheard to confide in Megan. “He was giving it to her right out in the open. In the middle of the Sistine Chapel,” she announced to all of them proudly. “Isn’t Mrs. Oliver great? What a twenty-first century Babe!”
“She’s my English teacher,” Megan announced imperiously to the trio on the other side of the Hall.
“Emancipated twenty-first century Babe. Right under The Creation. How appropriate. How symbolic,” Kayley chatted on, pleased by the attention they were being given by their elders who supposedy knew all about such things.
Young Babes have a habit of flocking like swallows. Whenever one has news, the dissemination of it stirs the ether, which draws all the other Young Babes to her, almost like jungle telegraph – without the jungle, without the telegraph.
To use a better analogy, like bees to honey, a flock of Young Babes swarmed into the Hall of Constantine, all dressed in their flared, embroidered jeans and floppy hats; all looking like animated mushrooms in their multicoloured waistcoats - or Hobbits, yes, they looked more like hobbits. A swarm of Hobbits in floppy hats and flared jeans flocked seemingly unsolicited and unannounced to Kayley and Megan, all holding each others’ hands, some sucking thumbs, none making a sound, for as in the folklore of Young Babes, they swarmed quietly when something was up. There was suddenly half a dozen of them stirring uneasily. Usually some would be seated in a circle, cross-legged on the floor, but because this was teacher gossip and unusual, they stood about the place looking vulnerable and sweet, waiting for one of their number to take the lead which this time Kayley did:
“…Harper snogging Oliver right there in the middle of a pack of German tourists. And he was the one who said nobody would be safe in the middle of Rome…
“He can talk!
“Weren’t they Meg?” she turned to Megan to confirm the news.
To this, misty-headed Megan could only answer with a nod and a snoozey smile, content that she had witnessed such a marvel and could now go on to complete the rest of her life, get married, have children, take out a mortgage, bury her husband, cartwheel through it all, now that she had seen that snog. She was content. Megan always gave the impression that she was content; that they were all content. Nothing in the world could shake this, not rain, not snow, famine, flood, none of the Old Testament stuff, not war in the Gulf or even Ceinwen’s harsh glare when she was pissed off with her – as she was right now. The only Young Babe to really ever get ratty, Ceinwen, boiled on the edge of the circle itching for a fight. Not quite pretty enough, yet sophisticated and super-spoilt, she used her intellectual superiority to brow beat the rest of them into accepting that she was one of them.
Turning an ‘I told you so’ glance on Emily, Lynsey whisper-snarled out of the side of her mouth, “The Love Tote is in ruins. I knew Harper and Fitchet would never couple before Venice. Now this…this makes it all a total fiasco. Who’s got the Sistine Chapel? I think it’s you, Ems, or maybe Liam. I’ve got Venice, but there’s very little chance of that happening now, now with this dark horse, Oliver, rearing her ugly head,” she lamented.
Always the optimist, Emily elbowed in, “…hasn’t been confirmed yet. It hasn’t been verified. You can’t really rely on Young Babe testimony. The tote can only be triggered by a genuine coupling between Harper and Fitchet as verified by someone of sound, adult mind. That leaves out the Young Babes. Pity, but the Tote is still on. I don’t believe this nonsense about Harper and Oliver, anyway. It could never happen,” she said and was stopped in mid-thought by Kate who seemed to be shimmering again.
Kate shimmered, not because of the alleged teacher snog or Emily’s harangue but because he was there again. She could tell he was somewhere in that room, and reached across with her frightened eyes from Emily to Lynsey.
Lynsey merely blurted out, “Yeah, Kate. Right behind you. You should be able to feel his longing gaze caressing your innermost thoughts any second now. He looks about ready to propose – a bunch of flowers in one hand, still wrapped up, and a box in the other with a dirty great bow or something on it. Could be chocolates. Don’t look yet. It’ll spoil it for him. He looks like he’s about to be sick, he’s so wound up.
“And, Kate. He looks just like one of those blokes in that big picture over there.”
“All sweaty and ready to kill for my love?”
“No. Confused and no trousers on.”
“You bastard,” Kate hissed minutes later as they scuttled toward that unintentional side door leading down into the Sistine Chapel. “I’ll get you for that. I might have known I can’t trust you in matters of the heart.”
“Or lust,” Emily added, her eyes glowing as they entered that miraculous space, not certain what to expect after the revelations of the Young Babes. Emily was unusually fidgety. Would it be Harper up to his neck in Oliver? Or would it merely be the most sublimely beautiful place, the likes of which they could never have imagined?
It was merely perfectly beautiful, staggering, uplifting and, at the same time, humbling. And as everyone does, they stared and adored - if adoration could ever be truly a physical act – absorbing those unimaginably beautiful walls and ceilings, drinking it in as though all their lives they had been dying of thirst. They wandered apart. It has that kind of affect too, because somehow you knew it belonged to only you, yet at the same time you knew that it could never be only yours, perhaps like Jesus. He was yours but not yours only.
The chapel quenched them spiritually. Unlike any and all of the other miraculous apartments that had detained them for the best part of an hour, this place was an oasis in a barren land.
“And the thing that gets me,” Emily said later in the Vatican canteen in a hush, “it wasn’t at all overwhelming like I thought it would be. Not in the way I thought it would. No. It didn’t do that to me. It’s hard to explain.” She sat twiddling her spoon, playing with it in her cup of Italian tea. “It was like coming home in there, it was so comforting. You can see why those popes and middle-evil people wanted Michaelwhatshisname to do it in the first place. They could have done with a lot of comfort, they were so corrupted. Needed something for their souls; to soothe their souls. Do you think that’s the way it affects people? Do you think that the more evil you are, the greater it’s effect? I think so. Didn’t affect me in the least,” she lied, dismissing the whole thing out of hand, yet not quite able to fully let go of it. Emily was visibly agitated by it all.
“No Harper, though,” Lynsey said wistfully. “And no Mrs. Oliver. I can’t believe it ever happened.”
“The wild imaginings of Young Babes,” Emily added and was about to elaborate, but Kate put a hand on her arm:
“Young Babes,” Kate warned.
Lynsey echoed the warning, confirming, with a nod, a Young Babe swarming was taking place at the cake counter. Emily wasn’t bothered at all and languished over the back of her chair the way she’d seen Marlene Dietrich do in a film, threw an imaginary purple boa round her neck, wasn’t in the least bit interested in anything, especially anything that might interest anyone else. She fell back inside her own thoughts to take in events that had gone on inside the Sistine Chapel, still agitated by it all, eyes glistening, seeing things that others hadn’t.
The swarm of Young Babes lifted as-one from the cakes to settle and hum in front of the espresso machine, lifted again in a self-centered buzzing, aimlessly lighting onto and at the same time touching off and away from a mucky table in the far corner, swarming instead to a clean one next to the sixth-formers and settling comfortably there, contentedly sucking thumbs and each others’ company in a warm, floppy, gooey mushroom pile all over each other. Young Babes never sit by themselves. They are always all over each other, sitting on each other’s necks, dangling into each other’s cappuccinos, pulling and tugging at each other the way kittens do, unconcerned, because they know there’s no need to be worried when they are piled up with others of their kind.
Emily stared obdurately off through the far wall. Kate chatted happily with Kayley about presents she had bought for her mum and brother. The scuffle back at the food counter didn’t at first concern them, and so they weren’t at first attracted to it, until voices were raised, Italian voices, desperately upset. The crowd rushed in. A security priest in his long, black robes flung himself into the confusion from the other end of the canteen and strong-armed one of the combatants away from the rest.
The abuse continued even after the struggling young man had been subdued into a chair at the table next to the Young Babes. He thrashed this way and that against their accusations, gesturing and reaching out to the table full of English girls. In a flooding sweat because he had been roughed up by the security priest, Gino – Kate’s Gino – reached out forlornly toward her to tell her that he had only wanted to buy her a nice cake as a means of breaking the ice with her but hadn’t realized he would be ripped off by the Vatican prices. He pleaded with her to take his side in this unfortunate mix-up, but remembering Trevi Fountain, she turned her back, claiming no knowledge of and no interest in a convict.
“Juliet,” for that is what he called her. “Juliet,” he whimpered, his neck arched forlornly over, his dark eyes listening for the approach of the Gestapo, which surely must happen at any moment. Then a man in a brown leather jacket appeared at the door, the same bright, bespectacled man who had inspected their papers at the ticket window. His sweet, inquisitive, eager face turned from the suspect to Kate and back and forth and back and forth as Gino told his story.
“Scuse, signorina,” the young manager said, embarrassed, wringing his hands, testing the English he’d picked up while at university in the States, “this man say he was buying some food for you, and you gave him the wrong amount.” The young manager shrugged his shoulders at the fabrication and winced.
Emily jumped in, “Tell him it’s the truth. We’ll take Gino back to the hotel with us and spend the afternoon teaching him manners while the teachers malinger around here ogling art. It’ll be fun, Kate. Go on. Tell him. Better still, you can have Gino there and I’ll take the chief of the Gestapo. He’s got nice hands.”
“No, no,” Honest Kate blurted out to everyone, “he’s lying,” she cried out - a bit too melodramatically for Lynsey’s liking. “I’ve never had anything to do with him. Drag him off to the cells and flog him to within an inch of his life. I don’t know who he is or what he wants – a purse snatcher or something.” Which was not too far from the truth. The accusation, however drew a round of boos from the next table, for the Young Babes, all into pets and riding horses and things, thought him a lost, strayed pet who should be taken home to a saucer of milk and not flogged, as Kate had suggested. That would be unthinkable. That would be grotesque – flogging a pet.
“There,” said Ceinwen, always on the lookout for a lost cause, “I’ll go his bail, signore,” and she reached across to him a fistful of euros. But this, sadly, was only enough to cover the cost of his iced bun, “Wrap him up and we’ll take him back with us. And don’t forget his bun,” she said elegantly.
The Young Babes, whom this chapter was supposed to be about, could only blink in innocent amazement like kittens and then yawn and stretch and go back to their mutual, sulky comforts, awaiting a move or sleep. Ceinwen didn’t though. She followed the Gestapo priest along many dark passages, up marble staircases and down that long, round and round staircase that eventually took them right back out to the street again where Gino was cast out bodily, scraping his knee and putting a tear into his already fashionably torn pair of stone-washed 501’s.
“I think Ceinwen must have eloped with poor Gino,” Emily’s coloratura rang out, arms hooked in the arms of her two best mates as they strolled slowly back toward the main exit.
“She’s just gone to look after the best interests of her iced bun,” Kate reassured herself.
“My iced one’s been playing hell with me ever since that bloke fell at my feet back there in the canteen,” Lynsey said , wincing to emphasise her torment.
Just then, engulfed in the crowds moving toward the street, Miss “Gloomy Picture” Fitchet steamed past them in a popping rage.
“What’s wrong with her? That’s not a romantic sight.”
Several steps behind, Kayley led the swarm. “As a need in the human consciousness,” she lectured Megan, “truth has to be present in all truly great human endeavours, especially great art.” Megan looked dreamily away from the conversation.
Kayley went on: “I didn’t see much real art at all back there. There was a dawning verisimilitude. But verisimilitude is easy. Just the right blob of paint in the right place. A mouth where a mouth should be. At the end of the medieval period, how could any but the thickest painter fail to acknowledge the growth toward it and away from the blockish formalism of the last thousand years? But Michelangelo has no truth, just a big load of overweight mommas and fleshy hunks lolling about the place with half their kit off, the other half hiding what I suspect is the real truth that he is hiding from us.”
Megan lifted her steaming thumb from her lips. “I like the angels on the ceiling,” she said dreamily. “They were sweet,” and stuck the thumb back in, her contribution to Kayley’s scholarly dissertation over and done with. “Let’s go to that big church on the corner. You can climb to the top of the tower and everything,” she added hopefully, remembering seeing roasted pork for sale in the street on the way, or was it chestnuts?


Chapter 9
Tivoli Gardens
 Ms. Cranberry, Miss Fitchet, Mrs. Oliver, Mr. Harper, studenti, Elvis Mel and Jean the tour rep go for a drive in the hills to Tivoli; grumpy old Bruce drives them.
Bruce sat in the driver’s seat, comatose from the night before, looking straight ahead. The diesel engine was running. The kids were all seated. Their teachers struggled onto the bus last, and Bruce just sat there looking straight ahead, a deathly greyness across his face. His eyes followed an eager-looking young woman crossing the street at the lights. Her straight, muscular legs drove her sharp heels deep into his guilty heart. Suddenly two worlds converged. The lights turned green. The traffic started to move. Bruce’s big diesel clattered into action. Carmen, the young woman crossing the street, looked up from her concentrated anger and seeing the bus rolling, flicked her heels faster, skip-hopped to go even faster still without running, skip-hopped to get to that bus.
Bruce gesticulated to her, “Sorry, love. Private hire,” as if he had never seen her before and pulled away from the curb, rotating his thick, tattooed arms round that big steering wheel. He watched her in his wing mirror. She stood still, her head turning, following the coach forlornly round the corner and out of sight.
The entire bus was in a hush.
Elvis Mel, Bruce’s greasy-haired co-driver, in the seat nearest the door, spoke for them all. “You could at least have got out and had a word instead of driving off over her feet like that.”
Bruce hadn’t heard. The Roman traffic was murder at this time of the morning, and he hadn’t heard a thing Mel had said or the rest of the passengers had willed upon him. Sheila didn’t mind though. She thought the woman looked like a trollop and bundled herself up against the window for a calcified nap.
Bruce was in a sweat as he tried to remember the events of last night a little more clearly. “Bugger me,” he announced incredulously, rounding a slow corner, his mind on the vision of Carmen in his rear view mirror, hands folded over her chest, eyes glaring.
“Your Asian lady, Bruce?”
“Aye.” Bruce wanted to explain but couldn’t, he was that choked up over it all. “It’s a bugger what you’ll do when you get heated over a woman.”
Mel would have liked him to explain, but the fear of a telling-off for not minding his own bloody business held him back. He had learned that friendly banter with Bruce was only ever what Bruce wanted and never merely friendly - only ever centered on Bruce. Mel’s personal problems were scowled at. Any attempt to engage the coach driver’s plight was met with contempt.
Cranberry mumbled out of her attempted sleep, “How can you get overheated over somebody like that? They just use you, like you use them. Surely you can’t get passionate over her. It’s like getting turned on by a bag of potatoes you just bought at a supermarket,” the fossilized bag of potatoes on the seat behind Bruce said.
Bruce couldn’t answer this. “Funny what you’ll do when you get heated over a bag of spuds,” he said in a wistful, suspended way, glancing back over his shoulder at his detractor as he swung the bus out and around a little Fiat.
“Sheila,” Hannah urged nervously, “stop talking to the driver. Let him concentrate on his driving. Leave him alone until we’re safely on the open road.
“Bugger his driving,” she said, pugilistically. She acquired the lopsided jaw of a punch-drunk heavyweight when she was annoyed. “I want to get to the bottom of this thing that’s bugging him. Surely, a prostitute means no more to him that a box of Kleenex. How can he be passionate over her?”
“He’s just fond of such things,” Hannah said in a matter of fact kind of way that seemed to satisfy Bruce. He nodded in silent agreement, forgetting momentarily his horror, watching instead some mad youth in a filmy white shirt on a Lambretta behind, who seemed to want to keep pace with the bus, neither dropping back when they accelerated nor forging on past when they slowed.
“Some people like toads,” Hannah speculated, having made an accepted point and wanting to consolidate her success. “There’s no telling,” she added, at the same time looking about her to observe others’ support or merely a general digging into their bags of sweets “It’s a matter of taste.”
“I can’t help thinking,” Sheila said, her head pillowed against the vibrating window, “that one person’s taste is another person’s disgust. I can’t help thinking what kind of person would engage that kind of service.” Then she added, “A toad might.” At which the toad on the driver’s seat nodded a self-satisfied nod and croaked comfortably into its collar.
“Professore,” suddenly rent the clear, tranquil air of Tivoli Gardens. Brandishing her white clipboard in one hand and pages of lists aloft in the other, bags hanging from her shoulders, weighed down with the responsibility of gaining free admission for her party, Jean Macgregor struggled on carbuncled soles up to Harper. She would make a killing if she could get all the kids to buy souvenirs from her mate’s souvenir stall round the corner. On her way toward the ticket booth, she sniffed at the morose figure of Bruce slumped on a bench.
“Professore,” she beamed, striding straight up to the front of the queue outside the ticket window, brandishing her lists.
Harper beamed at the titular embellishment Jean always afforded him. It was her little way. Her cunning sleight-of-hand. No one else paid him much attention at all, and her promotion of him felt good.
Before Jean had established her position with the ticket lady at the head of the queue though, a broad shouldered Albanian tour guide sporting agricultural moustaches leapt in front of her, eyes flashing and hands darting to and fro. No. He would not allow her in ahead of his group. The threat of his athletic looking chin pinioned her momentarily back against the wall. Harper looked on helplessly as the Albanian and Jean had at each other in their most foul Italian, luckily hers was too English and his too Albanian for either of them to understand the other. The fearful queue moved back and out of the way. He had come all the way from Perugia on donkey back – so it seemed - for her to have any right to butt-in. His chin forced her back. She “my manned” him. The antagonistic harpy came out in her and her voice rose several decibels to writhing pitch. The brute had no right interfering with her studenti.
Someone in the queue caught her breath at the Albanian’s reply to Jean’s falsetto bluff. On this cue, Jean launched herself at him. Bags and lists flying off in all directions, she loosened her talons for combat. This was too much for the Albanian, though, and he fell back upon the best weapon in his arsenal – wild gesticulation.
“This mad English Woman. She is a threat to our peaceful, civilized way of life. I have tried to reason with her, but she is crazy,” his hands said, flying in twisted sign language, touching his lapels, sweeping grandly out over the countryside, flickering obscenely beneath his nose.
“I saw that last one, Jean,” Harper grimaced from a safe distance, “and I don’t think you should stand for it, not from him.”
The Albanian chattered away at her, maliciously pinning her with a gesture, throwing a wounding look, fixing her with such a glare, all the while bounding around her, just out of reach of her swinging clipboard. I think she had meant to decapitate him with it and would have, had her glasses not slipped down to the end of her nose throwing her aim off.
“A little more to the left, Jean,” Harper shouted. “There, you’ve got him.”
Her clipboard bounded into the air off the side of his head, and the Albanian sat down on the ground, stunned for a second, eyes expanding with the novelty of concussion. Jean metaphorically lifted the hem of her skirt in order to finish him off with her boot, but still semi-blind, she swiped thin air beside his head, missed, and she too ended up on the ground with the violence of it.
“Damn,” she declared, in a daze. “Thought I had him. Can’t stand these sanctimonious foreign tour reps,” she said, moving in for the kill a second time.
Holding his head between his hands, he stared at her in amazement, not realizing that when she had relocated her clipboard she was going to swing for him again. He moaned, stood up like a toddler and waddled off only inches away from a deathly swipe that rent the air between them.
“When it comes to a fight, they haven’t got the stomach for it, “she said, muscling her way to the front of the tattered queue again, glowering at her foe who was now gesticulating defeat in the middle of his straggling, cooing band of tourists.
“Challenge them, Professore, with a steady eye. With a steady eye,” she said, giving Keith such a steady eye that he had to shift his gaze up into the trees, it was so intimidating, “and they’re lambkins. And if they’re not, they’re such easy targets because they are so unsuspecting. There’s nothing so unsuspecting as a self-righteous, foreign tour guide quoting scripture in the middle of a fight,” she said, taking Harper by the arm and ushering him gently toward the entrance to the Gardens and past gasping Bruce whose legs felt rooted to the ground, despite Jean’s rousing performance.
“Look, he’s off again,” Sheila motioned toward Bruce in his reverie. “He almost had us crashing into that trattoria on the way up here. On the way back, April, we better get Elvis Mel to drive and let Bruce slip away into his mangy worries without tipping us all into the oncoming traffic.”
“Elvis says he’s not licensed to drive in Rome,” April mused. “Apparently it takes a two weeks assault course in the Caucasus with the SAS in order to get a pass in the test. He’s only ever got as far as first gear anyway. If we want to get back to Rome before the start of the next Ice Age, we’ll have to stick with the curb crawler here. He might have a primeval sense of direction, but anything’s better than first gear for the next thousand years or so.”
“His chest seems to have improved since this morning,” Sheila said. “It only sounds like jellied marbles in a cement mixer now. Every time he passes a wench in a short skirt it sounds as if he’s just poured another gallon of cement into it. You’d best get the maps away from Elvis as well. Give him a hand navigating us back to the hotel, love. Check that it’s the right map. It was the town guide to Bournemouth he was reading directions from, on our way into Florence. Poor duck has a hard time deciphering the printed page - the gormless prat.”
“Shouldn’t Mr. Harper be doing something about it?” April asked. “After all, he’s supposed to be in charge of all this. Coach drivers who smoke out the window of the bus and bad-mouth the kids; spend all night boozing when they’ve got to get up the next day and land us all hundreds of miles away from our destination; can’t navigate; totally miss the point about traffic lights and white lines in the middle of the road. I’ve seen Italians driving better than him. And he snores.”
“Can’t really blame him for that one, really, can we – snoring?”
“While he’s at the wheel, I mean. Didn’t you hear him while we were coming down Mont Blanc? No, you didn’t. You were asleep. The kids were asleep, and he was asleep, snoring his head off. I couldn’t believe it. Eyes dead shut, head back, mouth open, with this snorting sound trumpeting out of him; fag in one hand, and the bus not missing a turn. I think he must drive by some kind of telekinesis, some kind of sixth sense that tells his brain where he is on the road so he doesn’t have to think about it, because if he thought about it, we’d all be dead. I had to give him a nudge,” April said glancing back over her shoulder at Bruce who was now wandering off in the other direction back toward the Garden canteen.
As he rummaged in the restaurant for the toilets, the episode of Carmen hovered in front of him like a C-grade motion picture. His heart roared as he saw her again in his wing mirror. His chest crumpled into a deafening cough as he tried to remember the events of last night. Lighting another cigarette to sooth the trauma, he nursed his frightened heart, embalming it in an elixir of tar and tannic acid that almost crushed it on the spot.
Miraculously though, it gushed on, surged on, despite his foolhardy attempt to kill it. It flourished, yet suffering dreadfully from his maladministration, it pumped away in a kind of limp stumbling which, to him, felt like the aimless fluttering of thousands of one-winged bats colliding lamely in his chest. Poor old Bruce. He thought he was out of breath when, in fact, his heart was merely out of blood. Had he but known it, life was ebbing from his heart as he staggered off to find the loos. One more minor shock would be enough to explode that troubled, valiant, lard-encrusted organ altogether. On his return to the gardens, he spied his assistant enthusiastically snapping photos of the wonderful panorama of fountains, trees and ponds spreading out in the valley below.


Chapter 10
Death in Tivoli
“Fountains. It’s just a load of bloody fountains. All over the place. Who in their right mind would ever need that much watta?” Bruce gawped in disgusted disbelief out over the lush green splendor of Tivoli Gardens. “Look, over there – bloody fountains. And there,” he said pointing off into the distance so that Mel might be able to keep a running total, “there.”
“Like the baths back home,” said Mel, secretly pleased with the place and snapping the odd sly photo whenever Bruce wasn’t looking. It was Mel’s very first time abroad, and he was captivated by it all. “Showers all over the place. Never could understand why they ever needed so many showers in a swimming baths,” he said, feeding Bruce’s indignation while admiring the genius of a people who had built such a spectacular garden two thousand years ago.”
“It’s to clean the clarts off your feet before you get in the tub,” Bruce said, always the one to explain - the expert.
“And them gargly things over there that the watta’s spouting out of. They’re meant to scare off the evil spirits, so you can have a trouble-free bath. Maybe we could buy some of them to take back and put on the bus, Mel, to frighten off them evil wifeys in the front two rows,” he said and laughed out loud at his joke. Mel laughed too, but only because not laughing meant a sour-faced boss all the way back to Rome through those interminable traffic jams.
“Stinks round here, mind,” Bruce coughed, alluding to the aroma rising from a nearby rose bush. Mel inhaled delicately behind his master’s back, admiring the richness of the fragrance, a much deeper scent than the same flowers growing in his own back garden. “Somebody’s been pissing on them bushes over there. Reeks.” Mel took another picture of a glorious hedge that took his fancy.
“Is that your new camera? Take one o’ me in front of this ludicrous stone head.”
Mel lined his camera up to eliminate his friend from the picture. Bruce smiled, but the scent wafting about him brought on another coughing fit that had him doubled-up conveniently beneath Mel’s next shot of that wonderful spouting stone face.
“I’ll just have to have another fag to see me right,” Bruce wheezed, his eyes streaming and face red as a beet. The smoke brought on another hacking that left him coughing and stamping and swearing bloody murder all the way round the perimeter of the gardens. Mel crept off to listen to the quiet lapping of a waterfall. Swarms of Young Babes were nestled here and there.
From the restaurant balcony, Sheila and April surveyed the students in the valley below.
“He thinks of himself as some kind of friendly satyr,” Sheila said, worriedly chewing her cuticles, alternately holding up her fingers to inspect the damage and nibbling the edges again, like a rabbit at a cabbage.
Down below, Kayley looked back out of the depths of the gardens at her two teachers and wondered if they had got round to discussing events that had occurred yesterday in the Sistine Chapel. She suspected by the ardent look on Mrs. Oliver’s face that she had given in and had decided to unburden herself. But there was no conversation, just that distant watching across time, introspective, personal.
Kayley held her breath in order to hear better as April started to speak but was drowned out by Bruce coughing for all he was worth into a flower bed, gagging amid a sea of geraniums, turning from red to blue to purple.
“So,” Kayley said to Megan, next to her, “she’s not said anything about it yet. She’ll choke on it, if she doesn’t tell somebody soon, poor thing.”
“She’s not a poor thing,” Ceinwen butted in. “She’s been enriched by the whole experience. Imagine, right there in the middle of the Sistine Chapel.”
“I don’t think Mrs. Oliver sees it like that,” Kayley said. “She’s up there pouring her heart out, and all Miss Cranberry can do is belly laugh. “I’m not so sure Miss Cranberry is the right person to tell. All she can do is laugh.”
 Bleached by the sun, Bruce sagged down onto a stone bench beside the largest waterfall in the garden contemplating, so it seemed, his heartbeat gurgling with a gravelly sound that rivaled the noise of the rushing water.
“I used to have asthma,“ Kate suddenly said to Bruce out of nowhere. “Flowers did me in every spring.” She sat on the end of Bruce’s stone bench and looked across the valley, waved at Emily wandering off in the distance with some bloke, Liam she thought. “They’d blossom, and I’d gag.”
Bruce wheezed slowly, evenly, “Hay fever, not asthma…You,” he struggled, “had hay fever. I’ve got emphysema.” His legs couldn’t reach all the way to the ground, so he was able to swing them. She swung her legs too, feeling his grumbly, old barriers breaking down.
Taking out the scrunched-up brown paper lunch bag she’d been guarding all morning, she opened it and offered him a cheese slice. He had his own lunch bag, though, and he too rummaged inside to see what treasures were hidden there. Cheese sandwich, a bottle of water and an apple. They sat side by side eating their lunches amid the roar of florid civilisations in that deep, delicious garden, munching away at a stalk of celery they both found at the bottom of their bags until Bruce felt he had convalesced enough and, awakened by an urge to explain things, loosened his collar which had become suddenly uncomfortably tight.
“They bring that bottled water in from somewhere round here,” he managed, despite his strangled chest.
“I’m sure they can spare it,” Kate grimaced up into a sun that was becoming far too hot, was about to say something else about the water but was stopped in mid-sentence by a familiar feeling on the back of her neck that wasn’t caused by the sun or a breeze from the hills. It was a cautious sensation, an inexplicable feeling urging her to turn round to see. Someone was watching her from the balcony that her teachers had recently vacated. The urging sent a shiver all around her neck.
Bruce was still going on about the gardens, but all she could think of was that presence on the balcony staring down into her very soul. She felt panicky and wanted to run off somewhere to hide, and yet at the same time felt powerless. She had very little control over what she was about to do and wished Emily or Lynsey were there to stop her. Stretching back and running her fingers through her hair, she felt completely obliged to comply with the overpowering feeling on the back of her neck.
Suddenly, Bruce’s coughing erupted again and broke the spell just enough to enable her to look round. He apologized in a sputter, but it wasn’t that. It wasn’t his crude gagging that made her stand up in a fright and pace off toward the cold, stone steps. All Bruce could hear below his wrenching was the delicate blemish her trainers made on the worn stones as she walked off to the restaurant. Looking up into the sun, he saw, silhouetted against it, a boy in a white shirt joined by a girl who placed herself timidly next to him.
“Look at those two,” Megan hissed in disbelief. “I’ll be that Lambretta is parked somewhere up there – and pop-pop-popping.”
“Shouldn’t we tell somebody?” Kayley said, then added, “I’ll tell that bloke over there, that gardener doing the raking. Who do you want to tell, Meg? I know, you tell the woman in the ticket booth, or what about that man over there having a nap on the ground beside that bench.”
Confused by the whole business and still not finished her lunch, Megan reached into the bottom of her brown bag. As her eyes idly followed Kayley’s pointing finger, she was startled to recognize their coach driver lying down in front of the bench Kate had just left. The rest was like a calling to arms, a startling and lifting into the air of all the birds in the forest, for when Kayley recognized the emergency that now faced them all, every other student in the garden turned their heads, and then they all closed in to see the fallen coach driver.
Time seemed to stop as the news spread. Some wept out of respect or out of a morbid realization that they had mistrusted and mocked Bruce all the way across Europe and now were sorry. Some wandered away to be by themselves and honour him that way. A gaggle of Young Babes wrapped themselves limply around two tables on the balcony not really knowing what to do, absorbed in a somnambulant, thumb-sucking daze.
“Dammit!” said Ceinwen, always the pragmatist. “Who’ll drive us home now?”
“Mel can,” said Kayley, confidently. “Soon as he stops blubbering and pulls himself together.”
“You’d have thought he’d just lost his dearest friend instead of that opinionated, old fool,” said Ceinwen.
“He wasn’t,” Kayley said. “Just because he liked to be an expert on things…”
“…things he never knew anything about, like emphysema, or his own mortality, for that matter,” Ceinwen added coldly, as if the driver had done it all on purpose just to leave them all stranded in the middle of Italy in the middle of this stinging hot afternoon. She rolled her fingers round the top of her Coke bottle and made a hollow ringing. “He might have known that sitting next to Kate in the hot Italian sunshine was asking for a cardiac.”
Reflexively, Megan covered herself up with her cardi lest she be the unknowing cause of some other, beleaguered old man’s death.
“There’s one, Meg,” Ceinwen said, nodding in the direction of a gardener rustling in a nearby rhododendron bush. “Have a go at him. Show him a bare shoulder. See how fast you can turn his lights out.” The gardener merely went on raking, despite being able to understand everything the English girls were saying.
“She hasn’t come back yet,” Kayley said looking off into the hills, hoping her attempt at changing the subject back to Kate might stop Ceinwen’s brutality, but it didn’t.
“She’s off with her beautiful gigolo, and who could blame her with eyes like his,” she said, blowing across the top of her bottle making a sound like a foghorn.
“Do you have to do that?” Kayley asked testily, and grabbed at the bottle. Ceinwen yanked it so fiercely that it flew over her head and back onto the lawn below landing harmlessly beside two teachers who, for want of anything better to do, were mourning the loss of a fellow traveller.
“Sorry, Miss Cranberry,” Ceinwen sneered. “I just got carried away for a moment. Must be the stress and all,” she said, turning back to her group.
“Some people shed a tear.” Kayley said to no one in particular. “Ceinwen turns megalomaniac. It’s her way of dealing with grief.”
“Dealing? Who’s dealing with it? I’m enjoying it for all it’s worth. It’s not every day your dearest wish comes true.”
“And what wish is that?”
“…that our jerk of a bus driver would drop dead before we had to travel too many more miles with him. Face it. You all loathed him too. Him and his smoking, and his foul mouth, his whoring and yellow-tipped fingers and the way he used to boss around poor old Mel and get pissed off whenever any of us was an hour or two late for the bus. The guy was a crud. You all hated him, just like me. You all wanted him dead. Tell the truth. His passing away way was more an act of communal prayer than that clogged up old heart of his.”
A young Italian policeman overseeing the investigation of Bruce’s death, overlooked the tables of young, English tourists and smiled.
“The doctor says it’s a miracle he got as far as he did without crashing us all into the side of a mountain, or running us off into the sea.” Sheila said, sitting with Keith, Hannah and April on the shady lawn, picking over the bones of the day’s tragedy.
“No wonder he was always so angry all of the time, so irritable,” April said.
“Knowing that you’re likely to drop dead any minute might make you a bit on edge,” said Keith feeling unaccountably buoyant. Having returned late to the melee, he had missed the ceremonial beating of breasts. Once again under Sheila’s paralyzing glare, however, he relented his joy and squirmed uncomfortably on the grass.
“Just think if he had done it coming through one of those ruddy great tunnel things,” Hannah offered, “with lorries charging at us from all directions. It doesn’t bare thinking about,” she said, all the while dreaming of the lovely pudding Pilippe had promised her for tonight’s meal back in the hotel.
Without the least trace of melodrama in her voice – which was surprising in the circumstances - Sheila lifted her head from a plate of biscotti and offered, “Kate has disappeared. Think we should do something? Send out a search party? Call the police? Call in the sniffer dogs?”
“That’s for cocaine,” said April. “That’ll never get her back; anyway, she’s too nice for that sort of thing – sniffer dogs.”
“ Oh,” Hannah said, egged on by April’s heroic vision of their missing charge, “and what sort of thing would find her out then? The vice squad? Missing harlots?”
“Not Kate. She’s not one of those.” April’s abiding optimism rose to Kate’s defense.
“One of what. Just what is she not one of?” Hannah demanded.
“Not one of those, for a start. She’s here for the culture and romance of art. You wouldn’t find her running off for a sly snog on the side. That’s Emily’s territory, not Kate’s.” At this, Keith turned blue.
“Speaking of Emily, have you seen anything of her in the last hour or so?” Sheila asked.
“Last thing I heard, she was in the loo fighting off the aftershock of last night’s pasta sauce. Linguini, I think Philippe said it was.”
“Not off up in the hills with some hot-blooded Italian?” Hannah asked.
April squirmed uneasily at the certainty of Hannah’s portrait. “She’ll be up in the book stall browsing through the local tat merchandise.
“There she is,” April said, relieved, nodding in the direction of Emily who was gazing down in virginal silence upon the lawn.
“Telling Kate’s mother will be the hardest bit,” Sheila said later, climbing onto the coach.
“Why bother telling her mother anything?” Keith wondered.
“Oh yes, and when she eventually does give birth to a bouncing little brunette spouting Nessun Dorma as he exits his mother’s womb, what will you say to her mother then?
Looking sheet white, Mel was the last to get onto the coach. He took up the reins in a suitably somber mood, until he realized he was now fully in charge, at which point a sweet little, proud smirk spread across his cherub face. Ceinwen nudged Kayley in the ribs and grinned, “Can we stop at the ice cream shop we weren’t allowed to stop at on the way up, please, Elvis?”
 “Owt you like, missus, and the first one’s on me,” he said, grabbing the wheel in both fists. Ceinwen thought she could see him bouncing on the seat a little, but she wasn’t sure.
“Do you know how to drive this bloody great thing?” she chortled at him, watching the response of his eyes in the rear view mirror.
His eye caught hers. It narrowed and winked. “Don’t distract the driver, missus, while he’s learning how to turn the engine on.” Successfully completing this maneuver, he turned his attention to the giant gear lever growing ominously out of the floor beside his left knee, gave it a worrying wobble, a confident grunt when it clicked into the right spot, and sat back surveying his triumph.
“He’ll be piloting the space shuttle next,” Sheila said to herself, noticing a billowing in the sky over where she imagined Rome to be.
The nice young policeman beckoned to Harper to get off the bus.
“Good god, what now?” he grumbled, tumbling down the steps.
The policeman was wondering how they had managed to kill off one of their drivers and lose one of their students to a member of a local terrorist group, all in the space of one hour and fifteen minutes.
“He’s not a terrorist,” Harper urged onto the cop. “He’s only a harmless lad from the lobby of the Teatro Del Opera in Rome. I’m certain they’ll both be back there at the hotel right now innocently awaiting our return from your beautiful Tivoli,” he said with a sweeping gesture that took in the entire town.
“Grazzie,” the policeman said. “Benissimo,” he added, beamed self-consciously and inhaled deeply this foreign man’s appreciation of his wonderful village. But he still could not understand why this tortured-looking man - why all Englishmen, for that matter - had that same unkempt look, the English would call “tatty”. Trousers that were baggy, the obligatory jacket that hung like a sack and bloodshot eyes. But at this moment, the policemen had a charitable inspiration. Perhaps the journey up from Rome always made them look this way. He politely refused a cigarette from this man and watched him light it up. Always the tatty cigarette.


Chapter 11
Emily’s Bottom
“It’s for you.” Sheila handed Harper the hotel telephone with deadly sincerity. “It’s Kate’s mother.”
“Who told her? She wasn’t supposed to find out until we got back home, not until we’d made up some really good story.”
Harper was in a panic. All the petty misdemeanors of his petty life flashed before his eyes: smoking behind the school netty at seven, that girl whose name he’d never even known, those broken windows, and the police. It all flooded back. Somehow he felt that even now he was like a little boy who had been told to go and stand outside the headmaster’s office. He panicked. He wanted to spill the beans, to come clean, to blame it all on Kate, on Sheila or Hannah, on the Young Babes, on Dead Bruce, on anybody, as long as the mother didn’t start shrieking down the telephone at him. Blame was a feeling he could not cope with, not for anything. He’d lie, steal, cheat, murder to avoid accepting the blame for anything.
“What have you told her? What does she know?”
“Calm down, Keith.”
“You snitch.”
“I told her nothing. It’s Kate’s birthday. She just wants us to give her a surprise, that’s all. Wants us to throw a party. She’ll pay. That’s all.”
Harper looked totally shredded.
“Just don’t let on that she hasn’t come back from the hills yet with that voyeur doorman.”
“Ah, Mrs. Philips,” he rehearsed. “Your beloved daughter in whom you have placed supreme trust for eighteen years before handing her over to us to corrupt, is now just that – corrupt. We don’t have a clue where she is right now, except that in some ways we do know, and, and, and it’s not good. Not totally bad, but not totally good. Because… remember that performance of Romeo and Juliet we went to the other night? Well, it appears your daughter has taken the whole thing to heart and gone off with the first curly-haired Italian fop that came along after the show. But I wouldn’t worry, really, coz all the girls say he’s really nice, and they all fantasise like mad over him just before nodding off to sleep. Far be it from me to say it, but she’s a competitive girl, your Kate, and – lucky her – she seems to have won the first prize of the tour. His name is Gino, I believe. At least that’s one of the names they’ve given him. I couldn’t repeat the others, not in mixed company; safe to say, he’s won all of their…er…hearts”
“Hello, Mrs. Philips. How nice. A cake? Certainly. Eighteen candles? Yes, we will do her proud for you. Goodbye,” he said in a rush and turning to Giacomo who was tidying up behind his counter. “ A cake, Giacomo,” he spurted into the face of the benign hotel manager who was leaning across the counter, full of interest, full of Italian concern. “Birthday cake. Tell Philippe and family down at the restaurant that we would like a birthday cake for tonight’s meal, please. Put some candles on it, please. And, Giacomo, a nice coffee cake. I like coffee cakes best. Lots of coffee with hazelnuts. We’ll celebrate in Kate’s absence. If she can have some fun, we can have some fun. Don’t need to tell the mother anything about her daughter not being at her own birthday party, though, do we? Don’t need to tell her a damn thing.”
Giacomo went off to the family’s restaurante down the street looking puzzled while Harper collapsed into a chair, war-torn, looking like a moldy old piece of cheese that has been lying about the place for ages or a piece of dog shit in the road that had been run over by loads of cars. He looked like them both but felt more like the dog shit than the cheese.
While all the rest of the tourists were getting ready for the party, Keith built up a really great guilt complex. As you know, he was good at guilt. His parents had taught him as a child that everything was his fault. Everything that had ever gone wrong in the world was his fault. The toast burns – his fault; the car won’t start in the middle of the winter – his fault: no milk in the fridge, no cat food left and no clean dishes in the cupboard because the dishwasher hadn’t been emptied in days – not the fault of his mother, his father or anybugger else in the family. Harper got it in the ear. He was the living, breathing goat. He was the reason the rent never got paid; the garbage hadn’t been put out in time – stuff like that. Harper was a living, breathing guilt thing.
“Don’t worry, Mr. Harper,” Lynsey assured him. “She’ll come back. Older but wiser. But she will come back. I know. I’ve got her make-up bag. An Older Babe simply cannot exist without it.”
“And what if she simply goes out and buys some more?” he asked with a supercilious smirk, spying a flaw in her argument.
“Doesn’t happen like that,” she said with a withering look that easily outgunned his superciliousness. “You didn’t hear me right. Hello? Her make up!” she said with due reverence. “Her own blusher? You spend half a lifetime looking for just the right shade, the one for you. Any old other one just won’t do. You spend more time and take more care over finding the right make-up than you do even over finding the right boy. Boys come and go, but the perfect lip gloss is life itself,” she said wielding something in front of his face, which Harper took to be that magic bag.
“Believe me,” she’ll wake up in the morning, take one look in the mirror and scream. She’ll feel sordid, utterly lost, as if she’s been starved of something essential for days. She’ll be in a state of heightening withdrawal until lunchtime. Her face will be a mess. Hair a mess. She’ll be like a vampire that didn’t get its dose of blood the night before. You can tell them at a glance, make-up zombies. They have that faraway look in their blood-shot, puffy eyes; drawn skin, swollen nose, and,” she leaned closer lest any of the Young Babes passing should hear and freak out, “blemishes,” and nodded deeply, as if this news might not be believed without the universal confirmation – the deep nod. “If you’ve ever been a virgin, you’ll know what I mean.”
“What’s virgin got to do with all this?”
“It’s not the actual virginity that counts, but the losing it.” She nodded again. “Not being one is part and parcel of the make-up culture you guys drive us to. It’s an ugly world being a Babe, even uglier without your own mascara. So. Don’t worry. You will hear her before you see her, and seeing her will not be pretty. Whatever you do, though, don’t let on about the blemishes. She’ll freak out. You’ll never get her back. Tell her she’s as beautiful as ever until you have her behind locked doors, preferably a padded cell. Then you can tell her that she looks like a right old scrag this morning: the worst thing a Babe can hear, but she’ll be ready for it.”
“Taking it on the chin seems to be part and parcel of being a Babe,” he said casually.
“We’re open to all kinds of abuse when we’re not looking our best. We get used to it. After all, there are some parts of the day when you just cannot touch up or dig down into a foundation layer. Nothing you can do about it, except keep on smiling knowing that even as you smile you look like garbage and any smiles you get in return are only shades of charity.”
Kayley hove into view looking eager to talk to Harper. “It’s Will, Mr. Harper.”
“Don’t tell me Kayley.”
“Remember when we were at Tivoli Gardens all day?”
“I remember as if it was only yesterday,” came Harper’s guarded reply.
“It was today, Mr. Harper,” she helped, measuring her words and his, not sure whether Harper was ready for the next bit of bad new. “Well… Remember Will, right? He didn’t go to Tivoli with us, right? And instead spent the whole day in his room, right? Getting drunk out of his everlovin’.” She sped this by him in a rush then winced, expecting a shock wave from her teacher.
“Is he conscious?”
“Snoring his head off in his room amid the empties and the puke. Liam says he must have done something out his window just before he zonked out, coz the manager is hopping mad,” she winced again, deeper this time, and held it until she saw that Keith was still cool. “Apparently the manager’s got witnesses and Will has to appear in court some time next week if we can’t smuggle him out of the country before then.”
“What did Will do?”
“Liam said something about pissing out of his window onto the street below, but we all think it must have been more than that, knowing Will.”
The news was not having the expected effect on their beleaguered teacher, for he had not yet visibly asphyxiated. Kayley had a way of diffusing disasters, upping the ante gradually so the teacher would eventually get the whole sordid story without hitting anyone. A neat trick. Kayley was an expert at it. She smiled. This was also part of the trick. Her mastery of male teachers.
“You should be a negotiator for the UN. Who would ever start a war against you?”
“My dad. Every time he sees my room or the kitchen after a midnight feast.”
“I’ll tell the UN not to use you if he’s bargaining for the North Koreans. What does the manager want in order to appease him, Kayley?” Kayley didn’t understand this one. She hadn’t got past the Second World War in History yet, nevermind the North Koreans. That was next term.
What did you offer him, Kayley? Your beautiful smile? Liam’s beautiful smile? I’d offer him mine, if it weren’t for the hernia.”
“My dad’s got one of them,” she said, eager to bond in any way she could right now with her teacher. “Keeps him awake most nights.”
“Must be a lulu hernia.”
The doctors say he’ll have to have it out, if it grows much bigger. Dad says it’s big enough already. Has to walk bowlegged. Says it’s like having a red hot poker shoved up your bum.”
“You sure it’s not a prostate he’s got?”
“That’s it. That’s the one. Prostate,” she repeated over and over trying to remember yet another adult anatomical affliction. “You old guys sure have lots of things going wrong with you. We only get sprained ankles and bloody noses. Broken hard bits. It’s your soft bits that keep fouling up – hernias, prostates, wombs, eyes. Something must happen to fleshy bits in ancient people.”
Overhearing this last bit on her way past, April rolled her eyes and grinned at Harper. “Hope not,” she said in an encouraging way then disappeared leaving Harper puzzled.
He returned to Kayley. “They weaken and perish over time,” he lamented, an illusory vision of April’s smile passing through his memory.
“Must be something medical science could do with older fleshy bits to keep them going longer.”
“I only wish,” he commiserated with himself.
“Did you and Mrs. Oliver have it off yesterday in the Sistine Chapel, Sir?” Kayley added suddenly in such a matter of fact way that Harper took it all in stride. “You know - snog?”
“Don’t think so, Kayley. Leastways, if we did, I didn’t get any benefits from it.”
“What more benefits could you possibly get than a cuddly woman. At least I think she’s cuddly. Was she?” she pressed.
“If being a featherweight is being cuddly, then I think you could say so.”
“That’s not much of an answer, Sir.” But Harper replied with a look that said that was all the answer she was going to get on that subject today, the little pest.
Giacomo came out of his tiny office behind the counter. “Professore,” he sputtered. He had a way of sputtering with his hands too, which was interesting. They flew about the room like angry hornets.
“Bad boy,” he said and frowned.
“I’ll get him to clean it up,” Harper said in his most conciliatory voice. “Where’s the mop?”
But the manager wasn’t interested in latent tidiness. There was a lawsuit pending for damages against him from the owner of the hotel next door.
“Polizia,” Giacomo began to explain.
“But it was just a little bit…”
“No. No. Polizia,” he gesticulated towards the lift, meaning the polizia had arrived by it or were about to arrive by it.
Harper nodded sympathetically the way one does to a feeble child who could no longer help himself and went off to see if they were really coming. Will had surfaced by this time and was in the stairwell, sitting in a heap on a step, head hung in his hands, suffering. Keith kicked him to move over and sat down next to him.
“Had any lunch today, Will? Nice fatty bacon and lard sandwich do you? We had a lovely time out at Tivoli today. Pity you didn’t come with us. No, better yet, glad you didn’t. It allowed your little disaster to happen all by itself. I don’t think I could have handled you on top of Dead Bruce, on top of Kidnapped Kate. At least I’ve had an uneventful bus ride back to prepare for you. Neither of the other two had the decency to plan their disasters to happen one after the other. As it is, you’ve all got it in for me, you know.”
Will’s head lolled.
“Do you, Will? Do you all have it in for me? Is it a conspiracy, or am I just imagining it all? Neurotic.”
“Don’t give that alcoholic any more to drink, Sir,” Lynsey called across on her way to the stairs.
“Oh, er, I don’t intend to Lynsey. We’re just having a nice chat about what a nice time everybody had at Tivoli and how he should have been there instead of here having such a great time by himself,” he nodded cautiously at the coterie of shorts and lipstick following Lynsey and gawping at Will. He wanted to tell them all to mind their own business and let him talk to Will by himself, get to the bottom of his problem, help him in a fatherly way.
“Witches,” was all Will could offer when they had gone.
“Not exactly what I would have called them, Will. The aftermath of drink can be a disturbing time.”
“Witches,” Will repeated, undaunted.
“Hussies, perhaps, some of them, but I think you’re off the mark with ‘witches’.”
It became apparent to Harper that he was not going to be able to influence the young man’s view much until he’d had a chance to sober up. Will just sat there hugging his knees, metaphorically plugging his ears.
“Bad boy.” The ill-timed manager flicked an index finger at Will on his way past.
“Thank you, Giacomo. He’s still a bit unwell. Thanks. Best not to excite him.”
“Bad boy,” the manager insisted and passed out of view but, alas, remained in the grieving heart of the bad boy who spat his disgust into the stars.
“He says he’s missing his mum, so he’s taken to drink.” Harper said later that evening in the hotel restaurante, leaning out of the way of a huge steaming tray of pasta balanced neatly on the fingertips of the old, old waiter, Fabrizio, immaculate in black waistcoat and bow tie, pinstripe trousers and glistening black shoes. Fabrizio worked so hard, he gave the impression that he was fighting for his job, but the adoring looks given him by his son, the maître d’, said no, he was a pet. Like an aged ballet dancer, the ninety-something weaved his way among the tables, swaying just-so to avoid catastrophe. All the Young Babes adored Fabrizio. He was so cuddly and cute. They smiled, blushed and shimmered whenever he leant over them to take their orders or deliver one surreptitiously at an elbow. He wanted, oh so desperately, to be anonymous but couldn’t hide from their worshipping glances, the cuddly, old soul. They adored the hell out of him.
Having once been complimented on a splendid pudding by Harper, the maître d’, Philippe, was assiduously belting nine bells out of a bowl of egg whites and god knows what else to lay before his inglesi guests tonight. They all worked like demons to see that everything was right for their chattering students, slipping from table to table like wraiths, bending obsequiously low whenever assistance was needed, gathering to their bosoms this family of misbegotten travellers.
“There it is again, April. He’s just looked again,” Hannah nodded.
April reddened at the compliment, deflected her embarrassment with a flick of her hand then slyly looked across the room at Philippe to see if it were true. The maître d’ worked and grinned in her direction. It was true. She was being admired by an Italian.
“Don’t be stupid, Hannah. He’s just being friendly, just taking an interest in his customers.” Her smile broadened and blush deepened. Her deflected glance caught Harper amidships, and he too blushed.
“That waiter’s got the hots for Mrs. Oliver,” Kayley observed. “He keeps sending looks across to her and smiling when she looks back. Hope Mr. Harper doesn’t mind.”
“He’s just having a tough time with that bowl of pudding he’s whipping up, stupid. Doesn’t mean a fig,” Ceinwen answered from somewhere deep in her antipasti.
This explanation shut Kayley up for a thoughtful moment or two until her memory of yesterday overcame her friend’s rebuke. Still looking stunned at the prospect of her teacher being the adorable object of such a beautiful man, she breathed tentatively, “Is it part of waiting on tables?”
“Part of the pudding ceremony in Italian restaurants, Kay,” Ceinwen raised an eyebrow. “It’s on the menu. I’m surprised you haven’t already spotted it. There,” she said, proffering the table’s only copy and pointing at some harmless piece of untranslatable script at the bottom about tips not being included in the price. “You can tell by the way Mrs. Oliver is breathing what her pudding’s going to be, can’t you?”
“I’d rather have the egg whites and cinnamon. Looks lovely,” Kayley squirmed uneasily at Ceinwen’s implications. She looked across at Mrs. Oliver and couldn’t help feeling that the cinnamon wasn’t all that was interesting her at the moment.
“Look,” said Ceinwen, “he’s scooped out a serving and is going across to her with it. Look, just one bowlful and he’s offering it to her, just to her. Bet she refuses it, the prude.”
“Bet she doesn’t,” Kayley said, confused by Ceinwen’s confidence.
“She’s thinking about it. Laughing all coy. Look. She’s shaking her head, looking across at Harper. Looks like she’s asking for his permission. Can you believe that? Why is she doing that? He’s not her husband. Why is she asking Harper?” Ceinwen wondered. “I would dive right in.”
“What does it mean, Cein?” Kayley asked. “Harper is dipping his little spoon into it now and holding it out to Mrs. Oliver to taste. He’s helping her decide. What do you think it means? Look at the smiles ringing her face. She’s enjoying something.”
“Testing the dessert. She likes it. She’s got a sweet tooth for cinnamon.”
“Now what’s she doing?” Kayley held her breath without knowing why.
“She’s holding up a spoonful for him to have a taste too. I’m afraid the next bit is likely to be X-rated, Kayley. Don’t look, Megan. Cover Megan’s eyes for her. It’ll corrupt her forever. Or, better still – let her see. Both of you could do with a little corruption from the way you’ve been brought up. But look at the waiter. I thought he’d be pissed-off with Mr. Harper licking off Mrs. Oliver’s spoon. He’s loving it too. Whatever turns your crank. Look at the stunned look on Mrs. Oliver’s face.”
“I thought that was just egg whites, Cein,” said Kayley, because of her upbringing. “I just thought she was being sweet.” Kayley didn’t have the experience to see things Ceinwen did and looked glumly down into her antipasto.
Seeing what she had done, Ceinwen apologized to Kayley. “No need to be able to see it all at once, Kayley, she said, then cautioned, “Just watch yourself when he brings your dessert over.”
“But I don’t want to watch myself. I’m not even sure I ever want to be able to see all of these things you see. It can’t be good for you to be so aware all of the time. It can’t be healthy. I’d rather just, just, just,” she hesitated, “ be just nice than cynical and scathing like you all the time. Seeing things.”
“OK. OK. Have it your way. Be nice,” she said, emphasising the ‘nice’. But just watch yourself,” she added, and then blurted out, “Christ, he’s whipping up some more egg whites and dumping extra cinnamon in,” at which Kayley felt she might hide under the table to get out of the way of what she knew not.
Suddenly, “Scuse signorina,” Fabrizio whispered very close to her ear. “Puddings?” he asked in his very best Italo-English.
“Do you mean…?” the desperate young thing fumbled with her words and stopped when she saw the foreboding on Ceinwen’s face.
“Puddings, signorina?” He backed up and tried again, but confused by her dumbfounded stare, he stared himself, obliquely across the table at her friend who too looked desperate. Unable to gain a response from either of them, Fabrizio turned around and toddled back to the kitchen still unable to fathom these strange inglesi.
“You didn’t have to do that, Kayley,” Ceinwen hissed across at her.
“Do what?”
“Refuse his puddings like that. Insult him like that. Now he’s gone off and none of us are going to get any. I hope you’re satisfied,” she huffed and moped longingly off after Fabrizio who was now shuffling obsequiously among the sixth-formers at the other end of the room.
At the far end of the room, when they had finished their puddings, Lynsey leaned across to Emily and nodded confidentially, “Ceinwen’s asked Fabrizio out. She’s taking him to the Spanish Steps for ice creams later, if she can get a wheelchair for him at this time of night.”
“Don’t know what he sees in Ceinwen,” Emily said in a mood.
“She superpraised his parts and had seconds of the birthday cake he made for Kate. Philippe is still available, if you want a challenge,” she said, eyeing up Philippe’s wife who was elbowing a pizza out of the oven.
“That’s a wife?’ Emily said. “I thought it was his tag-team partner. Look at the state of her pinny.”
“That’s a challenge. But if you’re really pissed-off at Ceinwen getting your date, you could go out in front of the hotel and take your pick of Italian males. All makes and sizes out there.”
“But I’ve grown fond of Fabrizio,” she said wistfully. “He’s safe and cuddly. All the right Italian charms with none of the dangers. Do you think Ceinwen would mind awfully if I pinched him right out from under her nose?” Emily asked.
“Fraid Fabrizio is not into that sort of thing or you, for that matter.”
Emily looked downtrodden. “What do you mean, me?”
“I’m telling you like a true and good and loyal friend. Your hair and face are world beaters.”
Emily beamed.
“Fabulous singing voice.”
Emily swelled with pride.
“Put a sack over your bum, and don’t pin your hopes for marriage on it, that’s all. There are only several men out of hundreds I know who fancy lardy bums like yours. Both of them are blind and married to a lardy bum.”
Emily was disappointed by this news and considering changing her requirements for all her future lovers when, turning towards the front window she noticed the face of a beautiful young man staring back in at her through it.
“Oh my god,” she sputtered. “It’s gigolo, er Giorgio, er” she flustered. “Oh my god, oh my god, Gino, Kate’s bloke! Out there in the street. The one she’s gone off with. The one from the opera. He’s out there looking all desperate and vulnerable and Italian and lovely,” she said in a rush to Lynsey. “Bet he likes my bottom. Italians are so accepting of things like that, so uncritical, natural, unfussy.


Chapter 12
Kate
“Isn’t this romantic?” Lynsey hurried to keep pace with Gino, who was in the lead.
“Romantic my arse. This is very hard work,” Emily puffed, back-pedaling several paces in the rear.
“Emily, there are just as many people in front of you as behind you. It’s silly to walk backwards like that. You’re only drawing attention to your deformity. It’s like hanging a great big sign on your bottom saying: ‘Look. Here I am, the woman with the funniest bottom in all of England come to your country to entertain and amuse you.”
“You just carry on,” Emily said, out of breath. “I can keep up. At least this way I can see to it that nobody is laughing at it behind my back. They’ve got more time to stare once they’re behind me. I can just smile and wave,” she panted.
“But you cannot see where you are going. See?” she said as Emily slammed butt first into a lamppost.
Limp-trotting backwards now, and determined to defend her backside from the barbs of Italian mockery, Emily skip-hopped after Lynsey and Gino like a rower, looking back over her shoulder from time to time to plot her course.
“You can’t live the rest of your life going backwards. You’re like a Lilliputian, only not tiny – back to front. Do like any other physically challenged person would do and face up to it. Look it square in the face. It’s like walking beside a freak show at the circus,” Lynsey threatened, thoroughly embarrassed. “Couldn’t you just cover it with a dustbin lid? Pay some little boy with an umbrella to walk close behind you to shield you from humanity’s gaze. On second thought, you couldn’t pay anybody enough money to walk that close to it without feeling ill.”
“See. You’re doing it again,” Emily gasped, breaking down and stopping to have a little sniff.
“I can’t help it, Ems. Besides, sooner or later you’ll have to get used to ill-mannered persons from all over the world falling about the place at the sight of it, people whose only motive is derision. I’m just trying to break you in gently to your lot in life. The fact that you choose to walk backwards through life only adds to your contemptibility. Mind the curb.”
As she continued on her way back to front, the backwards-looking, besieged young woman became increasingly aware of some dodgy shadow tip-toeing in and out of shop doorways at a distance behind, dogging their footsteps. Buoyed up by the sensation that he might be in pursuit of her, Emily withheld this information, at least until she got a better view of him.
“Signorini,” Gino finally said with a sweep of his arms, announcing grandly that their destination, Trevi Fountain, had been reached.
“Have you noticed, Lyns, that’s all he seems to know in English? He’s managed to get us a long way from the hotel simply by uttering two words: signora and signorini.”
“Italian, Ems. They’re Italian words, not English. He doesn’t know any English at all, and yet he’s brought us all the way out to this fountain thing in the pitch black.”
“Have you noticed how he uses the words though? And his eyes. You could sink a battle ship in them and never find it again. I don’t care what he’s saying. He’s too gorgeous to be denied. Signora, signorini, or any variation on that theme. Following the recent unearthing of my deformity, I’m game for any game he’s willing to play, as long as there’s a chance that he might take me in his arms at the end of it and squeeze the everlovin’ lovin’ out of me. And don’t say you haven’t had similar urgings.”
By way of deflecting Emily from her urgings, which ran far deeper and proved to be far more complex and self-serving than even Emily could know, Lynsey absorbed herself in Trevi Fountain literally by wading into it up to her waist.
“This is where we first saw this boy. Remember? Kate offered herself up to him in a wet T-shirt after he pilfered that lady’s handbag.”
As they paddled in the warm night, their guide slipped along behind the fountain and climbed onto the large sculpted figure of Neptune at the back and sat there to gaze and wonder, a look of enchanted melancholy playing across his face, cross-legged like Pan, absorbed by the English girls swishing about in the water below him.
“I suppose Kate’s around here somewhere,” Emily said, “laying in wait, just waiting for the right moment for her grand entrance, a baby hanging from each nipple and a basket full of dirty washing under each arm, fag hanging limply from her mouth and hair wrapped up in a kerchief thing women in Italy used to wear in the war to show they were mucking in with the war effort, doing their part by under-dressing.”
“I always thought Kate underdressed, anyway,” Lynsey’s raised voice echoed around the empty, dark piazza. “She never did understand the difference between chic and crap clothes,” she shouted to emphasise the point.
“Lynsey,” Emily mused, gazing longingly off into the dark alleyways that led into the square, “don’t you think that Mario, here, or whatever his name is, Gino, just brought us out here to have his crude way with us. Look at him up there looking down on us as if he was some kind of god.”
“If I thought anything else, I wouldn’t have come. And you can just keep that roving eye of yours to yourself, coz with your shortcomings in the glutimous maximus area, you’ll not only end up giving him a damn good laugh, you’ll probably send him careering off back to Kate, wherever she may be, and I won’t get a look in.”
“Kate,” Lynsey cried out again to hear the echo ringing back off the marble walls of the surrounding buildings. “Oh, Kate, you can come out now. We know you’re there, Kate. Gino told us what you had in mind, and it’s not really such a good plan. You can do better than that, Kate.” She swished the water as she shouted, skimming her palms across the top; making sprays of it like sewing grass seed.
“Emily brought your make-up, Kate. You know what you’re like without it, a miserable, scab-ridden scrag, no man would ever give a second look to. You need your toner, Kate.
“Crocodile face.
“Come on Kate. Put us all out of our misery, and then we can all go back to the hotel. Kate. Bloody hell, where are you?”
“Lynsey. You’re screaming at a blank stone wall.”
“Did you hear that? Just now. There’s no echo.”
Emily tried, but the echo had gone. “Suddenly the whole world has turned into blotting paper.”
“No, it’s this place,” Lynsey said. It’s been flat ever since Gino disappeared,” she said casually and shocked herself when she looked to find the fountain sculpture really was empty.
“Don’t talk like that,” Emily said feeling the eeriness of the place for the first time, edging away from the centre of the fountain and her friend who went on talking to no one. “You’re doing it on purpose, Lyns.”
“Don’t talk to me about ‘on purpose’. This is supposed to be an assignation with a lovely Italian boy who has just dropped Kate in favour of me because I’m so ravishing and she’s just a little above plain. I’m dripping with anticipation. My echo has disappeared and Beauty has fallen off his statue. I blame you, Emily. You’re a witch. You’ve brought all this down upon us with your dreary fatalism. You’re a witch. Only a witch would dress like that and walk backwards down the street and take away my echo, setting a spell to keep me and my lover apart while you turn him into a newt.”
Suddenly a small voice from a nearby alleyway interrupted Lynsey’s tirade. “Signorini,” it called out, stopping all other sounds in the square.
“Signorini,” it beckoned again, a small, innocent, female voice turning Lynsey and Emily’s eyes toward a moving darkness in a nearby alleyway. The shadowy figure stepped tentatively out into the piazza.
“It’s him again,” Lynsey cried out in mock anguish while Emily cowered behind her. “You’ve turned him into a little female newt, and now what are we to do. Look, he’s over there in the shadows. I can see him. Come out over there, whoever you are newt person. We can see you, and if you don’t come out this minute, we’re going to get the Polizia.”
“Scuse,” the voice begged, turning into an older lady stepping out under a lamp, and when she finally emerged from the dark she was not unlike the description Emily gave of Kate, without the babes, without the armloads of dirty washing.
“Scuse, signorini,” she seemed to ask, wringing her hands in anguish. “I am Vitale’s mamma,” she gestured to the figure of Neptune in the fountain recently vacated.
“Oh,” Emily said, stepping out of the water and moving cautiously toward the woman. “She means Gino,” she said delighted, falling back into her best English manners. She means, Gino, Lynsey. He must be called Vitale,” smiling and nodding encouragement at the frightened lady under the light. “That’s nice, Lynsey. Lynsey, he’s called Vitale. What a pleasure, Signora,” she almost bowed. “Do come out into the light. Please do,” at which, the lady came fully out into the square, ushering beside her a twelve-year-old boy, the spitting, younger image of Vitale.
“Fabio,” the lady introduced the boy. “He tell you,” she said pushing her younger son forward to say in almost perfect English what his mother was unable to. Fabio stumbled at first to catch the right phrases but was soon flowing like any teenager.
“My mother says tell you my brother, Vitale, he sorry to stealing Kate.”
“Oh,” Emily cringed at the thought. “We…”
“Where is she?” Lynsey butted into Emily’s obsequy. “Is she all right? Where is she?”
“She OK. In my house,” Fabio pointed in the general direction of the tangle of tiny alleyways not far from the piazza. “OK,” he said again to reassure them.
“My mother say Kate come back to you tomorrow. Vitale, he a bad boy, my mother say. He no can have this girl. She sleep now. She tired. Momma say she bring Kate to your hotel in the morning.”
Enchanted by this delightful boy, all Emily could do was grin and nod her head and look totally gobsmacked and smile some more and nod again. “Don’t… Don’t worry. It’s OK,” she reassured him. “Keep her for as long as you like. Bring her back when she’s had a good sleep. We’ll tell Mr. Harper. Won’t we Lyns?”
“Of course.” Lynsey added her total approval to the arrangement. “Keep her as long as you like. We haven’t missed her a bit. Didn’t even know she was gone, did we Ems?” She confirmed this by shaking her head vigorously and grinning like a fool.
Fabio smiled now and took a deep breath of relief at this news, turned to his mother to relay their sentiments and after a brief conversation with her, turned back to the two enchanted English girls and said, “Momma say Kate and Vitale very bad to steal. Mamma say sorry.”
“I feel such a fool,” a tearful Kate explained to the throng gathered around her next day in the hotel breakfast room.
“No need. No need to,” Lynsey said with hidden intent. “We understand. As a matter of fact, we expect it from you, you and your little calamities.”
“He gave me this before I left,” she said holding up her necklace for all to see. “Mamma said I was very bad to run off with him like that, and I agree, but he’s so, so…”
“We know, Kate. We know,” Emily said, moving in on the necklace and hugging her sobbing friend at the same time. “We can’t blame you for being such a trollop, for throwing yourself at him in that totally unbecoming way.”
“Mamma was very cross. Said I wasn’t to see him anymore, and he wasn’t to see me, and she was going to send him away to his uncle’s farm in the North for the rest of the summer to cool off, the poor thing. He was very upset. Fabio says his uncle’s a real tyrant and won’t put up with any of Vitale’s nonsense.”
Lynsey’s hand was waving in the air as if they were back in school, “First dibs on Fabio,” she said excitedly, “when he’s old enough, I mean. You think Vitale’s nice…” she elbowed the person next to her who just happened to be April Oliver. “Wait ‘til you see his brother…” then seeing who it was, turned pink and shut up. April smiled that warm smile.
“No, you don’t understand,” Kate sobbed. “We’ll never see each other again, just when we were becoming such good… friends,” she quietened again pouring over the necklace, “…such a nice present.”
“No diamonds, Kate?” Lynsey asked her friend to explain, “ and no ring? Just that? That? A necklace with a pendant on it,” pulling it closer “of what? Some cows. What good is that?”
“No, you don’t understand,” Kate said. “He tried to explain it to me. It’s not cows. Bulls. White bulls. I like it.”
“Me too, Kate,” Emily tried to sympathize. It’s probably some kind of family heirloom. Bulls,” she thought, “probably something to do with virility and manly things, but we don’t need to go there at this very moment, do we?” to which Mrs. Oliver nodded approval. Emily handed across Kate’s make-up bag.
“Face it,” Lynsey tried to help. “You’re better off without him. Purse snatcher and kidnapper. He’s a thief, Kate. I wouldn’t be at all surprised if he isn’t behind bars in the very near future. You’re better off without him,” she said dismissively.
“No, that too,” Kate tried to explain. Didn’t you see her? His mother? She was the one whose purse he was digging into by the fountain that time. She wanted him to buy her an ice cream, but, oh, she’s right, I don’t deserve him,” and collapsed into soulful howling that none of them could console. Mrs. Oliver was left to put a comforting arm round her shoulder until she was well enough to finish her breakfast.


Chapter 13
Emily and Lynsey
“If anyone ever shows me another Roman statue, I think I’ll turn to marble,” Lynsey gasped in the mid-day sun, sprawled across the bottom Spanish Step licking on the ice cream she had purchased at the top. “I just can’t be bothered with any more culture,” she squirmed.
“Stop doing that, Kayley. You’re frightening off every eligible male within a hundred miles,” Emily said. “Why can’t you behave yourself?”
“Didn’t know you were so, so, so receptive at the moment, Ems. You’ve been funny about blokes ever since Tivoli Gardens. I put it down to Kate’s little escapade, and since she’s been grounded to her room for the rest of the trip, you seem to need to take up her sordid cause,” she said slyly, then snapped back. “Don’t worry though, this will do the trick,” she said waving coyly at a pack of wolves leering from the little fountain in the middle of the piazza. “One or two likely looking candidates for you over there are close to popping. Another couple of slurps in their direction and they’ll be eating out of your hand.”
“Stop it, Lynsey. One of them looks dangerously like a sultan or something. Stop behaving like a brothel. You’ll have him over here any minute, with his little sabre and funny little pointy-toed slippers expecting us to admire his glistening teeth. I wouldn’t mind if it wasn’t so hot, but I just can’t be bothered,” she said, out of sorts.
“He has one of those cummerbund things wrapped around his tummy,” Lynsey said. They inched nervously closer toward each other for safety as the suspected Sultan, after several minutes of indecision then sensing a vulnerability – their interest – approached, teeth and all.
“I feel like an item on a harem menu, Lynsey, or an exhibit in a zoo. Look at the way he’s looking at us.”
“At you, precious, at you. It’s your hair. Couldn’t be anything else. I’m the one with all the natural beauty. It’s only your blond hair he’s attracted to. Just don’t let him come round behind you. He’ll have his little sabre out and slish,” she slished making an imaginary scalping of Emily’s locks. Emily stiffened the way a little bunny does at the approach of the big, bad wolf, then tucked her hands in further underneath her bottom. She sat on her hands and squished her knees together, squished her eyes tight shut, and wished herself back home with her cats. She could smell him now, aromatic like a perfume counter. His leathers squeaked as he walked. He wore clicky heels, and something jingled with each step.
“Lyns,” she whispered out of the side of her mouth, not daring to open her eyes, “I can hear something jingling.”
“His earrings, Ems. Quite nice, actually. I think I’m beginning to fall for his subterfuge, obvious though it is, even though I know I ought to know better. I’m afraid I might be going to throw myself at his feet.”
“He smells like a piece of turkish delight,” Emily whispered sideways, swimming in the aroma.
“I want to wrap myself up in his shirt and nuzzle all afternoon on that glorious thatched chest.”
“Does he look as though he’s about to charge at us?” Emily cringed, still not looking, anticipating the worst.
“He looks like he’s about to charge you fifty euros for something he’s taking out of his carpet bag, Emily.” Lynsey’s tone dropped. It’s a clock. He wants you to buy a clock. Could have thought of many other, better ways to introduce romance into the proceedings than that.
“If you buy it,” Lynsey now looked up with suspicion at this sensational, grinning salesman, “make sure it’s not one of those clocks that doubles as a cigarette lighter that spews a ruddy great flame out of its vagina when you twiddle its knockers.”
“Oh,” Emily said, opening her eyes. “He has got a nice smile though. Do you think he’d ask me out if I bought one of those things?” she asked, edging closer and closer to total degradation. “After all, it is almost time to go home and, and, and,” she stammered, searching about the place and the giant geni-looking man in front of her for reasons not to go off with him to Morocco. “I haven’t…we haven’t,” she said, biting her lower lip. “He is sweet.”
At this encouragement, the geni knelt down bringing his teeth level with hers, holding out the clock for inspection. She could smell the lacquer in his hair and something else she wasn’t sure of but made a subconscious reckoning of it as camel.
“It just shows how limited our education is, Lynsey.”
“Why?”
“Because we really don’t know how a camel smells. I think his leather kegs must be made of it,” Emily said. “How can any man look so nice from a distance and smell really not so nice up close?”
“You’d smell not too nice up close, if you had spent all weekend riding your camel from Morocco to Rome to sell clocks to the tourists.”
“I think he’s trying to sell more than that, Lyns. He’s becoming quite attentive in an agricultural sort of way,” she added, coyly looking back over her shoulder while shunning with her outstretched hand her geni’s advances.
“Did you see that? I think he did something to me. He touched me, I think, Lyns. Did you see?” she triumphed. “With his hand. Right here. Anyway, I hope it was his hand.”
“Don’t encourage it, Ems. Next thing you know, you’ll be getting a bill for services rendered, whether you like it or not.”
“I think I did.”
“Probably just wind,” Lynsey said dodging her head round her friend at the attacker who just smiled back innocently. “He does have lovely eyes. Maybe if you just buy the clock he’ll go away.”
“But I don’t want him to go away. Not now. Not now that he and I are so intimate. I think I want to have his child, Lyns.”
“Not on the strength of one fanciful grope that was more probably just prickly heat. Look, he’s getting one of those nude statues out of his bag that shoot flames out of their vaginas when you twiddle their knockers.”
“I know what you mean,” Emily said, heating up in just that same way, feeling ever so warm. “He has got big muscly things in his sleeves.”
“They’re called muscles, Ems. Generally for beating wives and knocking over petrol stations, urging camels to fly faster across desert sands.”
“And those cute little curls at the sides of his ears,” Emily said, not really listening to herself, too absorbed in the geni’s charms.
“Careful, Ems. He’s responding biologically to your naïve curiosity.”
“Who said anything about ‘naïve’?” Emily said, her head and his closing. “Do you think you might bugger off now and leave us two to some serious conversation?” she asked, then seeing her would-be paramour sliding away from her to settle next to Lynsey, her face dropped.
“See? Told you,” Lynsey said. “I’ve no control over it. I must be too irresistibly beautiful for any of them. It happens all over the world. But he mustn’t do this to himself. I’ll only end up breaking his heart. I am a cruel, cruel lover,” she said, fending off his advances with only a limp wrist against his chest. “They all learn sooner or later. “How bad do you feel, Ems? I hope not too bad, but it’s just something I’ve got no control over.”
“Like gonorrhea, herpes or trench foot. That one where your nose drops off…” Emily said as if casting a spell, as if hexing the hell out of her best friend. “…syphilis,” she said, remembering in a rush, and oh so glad she did. It sounded so exotic.
“You strumpet,” Emily cried, then breaking down in the most humiliating way possible. “Couldn’t you at least give me the rest of the afternoon with him, Lyns, before you start practicing your vamping on him?”
“I don’t practice it. I merely exude it. It’s something in the glands, I think. Something I have no control over.”
“You might try having a good wash every now and then. I’m sure it’s just because you and his camel smell so much alike. Because you’re nothing to look at, really, Lynsey. More comical than beautiful. Believe me. That nose. And those ears. Objects more for a circus tent than a harem tent.”
“Don’t sound so offended, Emily. It’s all right, really. And cover your bottom. Oh, I’m sorry, you have, or at least have tried to. Only, nothing short of an airplane hanger could cover that vast tract of unexplored no-man’s land. And I do mean, ’no-man’s’. It’s the same old story, I’m afraid,” she said, grinning into the geni’s teeth advancing on her neck.
“Ooooh, I think he’s about to give me the mother of all love bites, Ems. Staying around to get a bird’s eye view? Or would you rather practice a bit of discretion yourself, and bugger off back to the hotel while I get it on with your so-called holiday lover.”
“You wouldn’t consider renting him, Lynsey, would you?” The forlorn girl looked on as they fell into each other, nibbling at extremities and generally testing each other’s thresholds. He quickly found that her belt was a threshold. She left that same area of exploration in him unexplored for the time being, sensing that anything below his chin might set off the second Carthaginian War. Grappling to maintain her airways, Lynsey surfaced long enough to finally send off a distress flare to Emily who loitered just outside decency and inside betrayal.
 “You bashed him on the head with something,” Lynsey complained as they entered the hotel lobby. “I saw it or felt it, at least.”
“My shoe. I hit him with my shoe. He deserved it the way he was attacking you.”
“That wasn’t an attack, Emily,” Lynsey said, stiffening at what she saw as interference in her love life by a jealous friend. “That was sexual bonding.”
“It would have been, if I hadn’t hit him with my shoe. To think I once considered matrimony with that Bluebeard.”
“We were… Don’t you understand? Don’t you see?” Lynsey said, exasperated. “We were merely exploring future possibilities. I was telling him not to be too all at once. And he was telling me carpe diem. A compromise was called for, and that’s why I called you in, to supervise arbitration. I didn’t mean you to disable him. I didn’t mean that at all.”
“I couldn’t help it, Lyns. All I saw was my beloved snogging with another woman, and I lost control. It was hideous. I couldn’t stop myself from it. It was as if I was possessed by a demon. Look,” she said offering a trembling hand. “I’m still shaking from it,” she said, getting into the lift.
“No self-respect, Emily. You have a gargantuan bottom but no self-respect. You’ll just have to adjust to humiliating defeat and live in the shadow of my lust. He’s coming for me tonight.”
“Can I come too?”
“He’ll call up at me from the stinking alleyway round the back of the hotel in between those grungy dustbins. And no you can’t.”
“I’d do anything, Lyns.”
“It all needs sorting out: hair, make-up, frock, shoes ands smellies. Mustn’t forget smellies.” Having reached the hotel lobby, the lift clanked to a halt.
“Don’t bother coming anywhere near me for the next two hours, Emily. Oh, and do me a favour. When they ask for me at dinner tonight, tell them I’ve got a honking headache coming on and I’m staying in my room. Ta.”
“I would tell them that, only I’m coming too.” But by that time, Lynsey had turned the tap of the shower on full and couldn’t hear a thing beyond her singing heart. “I don’t see why I can’t have some fun too, if you are.”
“After all,” Emily announced to Liam later down in the lobby, “we were practically engaged before Lynsey came on the scene. And I could tell by the way he looked at me that he wanted me have his son.”
“You both can’t have one bloke’s kid. That’s disgusting and probably immoral,” Liam said, hanging a left at a can of Coke.
“Lynsey can have the camel. I get the kid,” she said petulantly. “I’ve got far more beauteous parts than she. All I have to do is constantly face him and not let him see the behemoth behind.” Her luscious eyes widened imploring him to merely understand and not bother checking out the evidence. But unknown to her, Liam didn’t need to check, for also unknown to her, he had spent the best part of the tour gazing at Emily’s wondrous bottom.
“Haven’t you figured it out yet,” he said secretly to the Coke can, “why it is that I always walk about five steps behind you? And it’s not in fealty to just your lovely hair.”
“I know you all ridicule it,” she went on, oblivious. “And I know why you do. If Lynsey wants to set all the men on the trip against me, to mock me, it doesn’t bother me. It means nothing to me. Any comments you or they may have about my most obvious part doesn’t matter a bit.”
He opened his mouth to deny everything and profess his undying admiration for her when the beleaguered young maid put a trembling hand to his lips.
“Don’t say it. You only demean yourself by having anything to do with her.”
He thought the whole thing was getting a bit too melodramatic and took another swig of his Coke.
“You and the rest of them just don’t know what it’s like to be deformed in that area of the body where deformity matters most. And you could all do me a favour by not staring at it quite so much.”
Liam looked languidly suspect.
“You’ll just have to find somebody else to bully,” she sniffed back a tear and turned away to go and find Lynsey to plead with, leaving Liam pleading to himself.
“But we’re all crazy for you, you daft girl. You’ve got the bum of the world. While you and the rest of the Babes were gazing up at the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, me an’ all the lads were gazing at something far more beautiful less than a metre off the ground. You leading the way up all those steps in that tower in Lucca and us following behind like a pack of mesmerised puppies, pushing each other out of the way to be the closest to you. It’s, well,” he took another swig, “just amazing the way it fills your skirt or,” and he had to swallow hard at the thought, “those jeans,” and lost his sense of being for a minute, seeing her swaying in his mind seductively above him in that stairwell. “Angelic, the way it moves,” and had to take another swig because his throat had blocked up again.
“Not at all like middle school when you didn’t have anything of note, except those really grubby knees and socks that always drooped around your ankles. Then, all of a sudden it happened. Indescribably lovely,” he choked.
“Or maybe it was just me who changed. Maybe I changed my way of seeing things, but all the lads seemed to do it at the same time. We all fell over backwards that summer when you turned up to play footy like you always did, only this time you were in jeans and that T shirt. And everything jiggled the time you scored that goal, and all the lads could do was walk around in a daze bumping into each other, feeling things lads of our age never felt before. I thought it was just a phase I was going through,” he doo-wopped into his empty can, “but it’s you, only ever been you,” he crooned into the mirror in the lobby.
Two hours later, armour-plated and ready to battle the great Hector himself, Lynsey stole to the edge of the foyer, stopped to peer into Liam’s full length mirror, adjusted her visor, picked a fibre of errant, hanging eyelash and discarding any thoughts of returning home before 4:00 am, slunk off into the lift. The doors rattled and with a clank she was gone…
…followed several minutes later by Emily in a yellow miniskirt.
…followed by Liam who had to use the stairs.
By the time he had reached Miss Fitchet’s gigolo in the hotel loby, his prey had disappeared altogether. So he signaled to the gigolo who, as it turned out, happened to be a student from Moose Jaw trying to earn enough dough to put himself through Art College in Rome. He signaled back. The girl in the fabulous yellow miniskirt had taken a taxi. Moose Jaw didn’t know where that taxi was headed, but he did hear the previous girl tell her taxi to take her and a grubby looking character who had crawled out from under a hotel skip, to a famous night spot on the other side of town frequented by all kinds of low-lifes who would probably deconstruct the unescorted Emily before she got through the club doorway.
“So you had to come all the way back up here and report it to me?” Harper said to Liam. “And just what am I supposed to do, chase off into some hell-hole midden in the dodgiest part of Rome in search of a girl who – by all accounts – has got it coming to her in the first place, on the off-chance that I might get to her before all the deviants in the Eternal City have their eternal way with her first? It just doesn’t make sense to me. Does it make sense to you, Liam, that I should go out there risking my bottom for the sake of Emily’s?”


Chapter 14
Clubbing
Later that night, Giacomo in his pj’s, Randy, the Canadian gigolo and Liam headed off on a bandy-legged mission of mercy. Harper was in bed. They walked fast with their heads down as if sniffing out a scent. But since Giacomo knew the way, his sniffing was just an act. They walked past all kinds of neat old buildings and monuments, past a white place that looked like a wedding cake all illuminated with search lights, past all kinds of rubble that might someday be a tourist attraction but right now looked like an inner-city quarry, past another quarry, through piazzas with nobody in them, gloomy, deathly places at that time of night, vast open spaces with statues to the dead all around, until at last they arrived at a decadent little smelly side street plugged full of semi-naked, nubile young women in miniskirts. It looked like a cartoon imitation of a red light district.
They slipped inside a dodgy-looking doorway, past a seedy little bouncer playing with a yoyo – failing to get it to do round the world – and down through a smoke-filled orifice into a large, populated area, which could only be described as a throb. The whole place literally throbbed. The would-be rescue mission communicated by sign language, it was so throbbing.
They would split up.
Giacomo headed for the bar, his mission accomplished in getting them there in the first place. Randy went to the gents for a wee, and Liam cast his lovelorn eyes across the mass of undulating bodies that resembled a seething bucket of multi-coloured maggots. It was Latino Night. They were doing a kind of rumba-copulation very fast, lower abdomens abutting fiercely up against each other, haunches driving like pistons, every fibre of their bodies flinching madly as if trying to shake some hedonistic irritant out of their anuses. They strained and strained, in their crushing excitement to excrete, knees wide apart, shoulders lurching, elbows flailing and, forehead-to-forehead, twitched and bumped, to and fro.
Liam fell into the crush of bodies and he too began to jiggle. He jiggled so well that he soon had a copse of irrelevant-looking girls around him, all vying for his attention, or so he thought, for each in-turn would crush up into his loins with the compulsive suction of a milking machine gone mad, step back to allow the next one her turn, then, expectantly, eyes gyrating, step up again. In this way, Liam was passed about for each of them to take her fill then disconnect, jiggle her bum irrelevantly, patiently waiting her next turn, and so on. He now knew the meaning of life, or so he thought. He understood why he had been placed upon the planet and what a neat way this would be to spend the rest of it.
Searching for Emily became a thing of the past.
Liam jumped around within his ring of nubile predators like some pariah sheik in need of therapy and would have happily submerged within its vortex, would have gladly sunk beneath the waves, had not a firm hand gripped his shoulder at that instant and had not an equally firm voice at his ear told him to pull himself together; he was making a right pillock of himself with his farmyard moves and farmyard expectations.
“You do it,” he complained to Lynsey who pushed him toward the exit, “so why can’t I?”
“You’re a bloke, that’s why. Blokes aren’t supposed to act like that in here,” the enraged female spat.
“And just how are we meant to act?”
“Cool, sophisticated, stand-offish, like maybe you’ve got it but wouldn’t give it out to just anybody who asked for it because you’re too cool to. Not like an ice cream man in a heat wave on Roker Pier.”
“Didn’t realize there was a protocol attached to hedonism,” Liam grumbled stumbling out the door ahead of her tirade, complaining about her high-handed manner and whingeing about not being allowed to go back for Emily, checking over his shoulder for signs of the estrogen washed swamp he’d just been wrenched from.
“Go on. Go on,” she threatened, jabbing him. “She’s all right. It’s me who needs the attention. I feel as though I’ve just been gang-groped by a pack of Alpaca rumba dancers. They’ve got fingers on them like those extender-scissor things you get in your stocking at Christmas. They seem to come at you from out of everywhere. Out of the bleachers, out of the band, out from under chairs and tables. All with extender fingers. Never had my bottom tweaked so much by so many anonymous tweakers. I’m red raw. Emily’s all right, though. She’s got a skin on her like elephant hide and a bum made of zillions of layers of rubber. Never saw a girl enjoy being mauled so much. You can take me home. She says she’s putting up a tent in that place and staying there forever.”
“I wouldn’t mind going back in and joining her,” Liam said, sitting down on the curb outside the club. “That’s what we came here for, to rescue her. I wouldn’t mind going back and joining her and finishing the job properly and getting a few tweaks in at the same time.”
This didn’t go down at all well with Lynsey whose newly found beau, Mustafa, was doing just that with Emily at that very minute.
“… and I thought she was my best friend. When she got here, she became another being. Mustafa’s chin fell on the floor when she started gyrating those hips. I’ve never seen anything like it. One minute a grotesque, unattractive short-arse, the next beating them away with her purple feather boa. One minute sniveling that she’d be lucky to get a look, the next taking bookings for two in the morning and ripping up the dance floor with a hippy hippy shake that made the rest of them look like amateurs.
“She’s a beast at heart, anyway. I don’t know why I bother. I thought we were best mates. There we were, Mustafa and me locking hearts in the middle of the dance floor, and in walks Miss Dancing with the Stars in that yellow miniskirt. No contest. The next minute he’s salivating like buggery to be on the end of her tether like the rest of those dance zombies.
“It’s as if they had all been mesmerized to believe she was sexy, to believe that she didn’t have a fat arse or washer-woman knees or a big red nose, that she was in fact, somehow attractive.”
Liam looked on now, helpless over Lynsey’s re-enactment. “It was just as if I had found you attractive, Liam, not homely like we all know you are. Homely Liam, that’s what we’ve always called you,” she reflected quietly.
“That’s what I call me,” he nodded his head like Stan Laurel, metaphorically scratching its crown. “I’ve always been just plain.”
“Then how do you explain what’s going on in that club?”
“Just-desserts for a life of plainness?” he asked, not sure. “I’ve always wanted to be pretty too.”
“Well, you aren’t. You can take it from me. You aren’t. I’m pretty; gorgeous even. You aren’t even remotely attractive. No, I mean it in the kindest way, just so you won’t go around thinking you are pretty and expecting normal, everyday people to treat you as if you are, admiring you, even noticing you’re there. They won’t. You’d be in denial the rest of your life, expecting someone to like you when that was never really possible. Couldn’t happen. Emily’s in for a shock when the spell wears off.”
They looked at each other, then said together, “It must be that place,” as if a light had gone on in both their heads at the same time.
“Or,” Liam hesitated, “me and Emily are really that gorgeous, and you just got it wrong in the first place.
“Why don’t we test it out?” he said, looking about him and getting to his feet. “We’ll test it out on the local midnight populace. I’ll just stand here and wait for some local girl to walk by, and see what she does. If she notices me, your theory is shite. If she doesn’t, we’ll go on to the next and the next until one of them has a rush of blood to the head. One of them has to smile at me eventually, even if it’s only out of pity.”
Encouraged by the residual smell of the club lingering about Liam’s shoe tops, a local dog cocked its leg.
“That’s about all the attention you could ever expect from any living being on the whole of this planet, Liam. You are insufferably Moomin to look at, and as far as wanting to know you, nobody would. You’re about as interesting as a dog’s urinal. As a matter of fact, you’re not even that interesting, and I don’t think much of that dog’s powers of discrimination for choosing you to wee all over in the first place.”
“You don’t think much of my pulling power, do you, Lynsey?”
“About as much as Emily’s. You two are made for each other. The only trouble is…”
“The only trouble is, she’s in there right now fighting off every bloke in the building, and you’re out here with me. Does that say something to you, Lynsey?”
She shrugged her shoulders and pulled a face. “Must be something they put in the drinks. They want a tart; they get a tart. I’m more upmarket. And it’s just a matter of fate that you and I are together on this street; nothing in the least to do with choice or desire.”
“Given the choice, you’d be back in there tarting for that Mustafa.”
Lynsey turned sweet and sour. “No,” she said, “I’d be back in there leading him on, all the while knowing who was in charge and exactly what he and I were going to get out of the night.”
“Oh, and we all know what he’s getting out of the night,” he said and then he added quickly, ducking at the same time, “and what you’re not.” And as if to prove the point, as if to make things perfectly clear, the dog skipped happily up behind Lynsey and furtively dribbled over her best shoes and halfway up her leg.


Chapter 15
Giacomo’s Bastafasoo Hitachi Espresso Machine
Sheila Cranberry looked deeply into her morning cappuccino and sighed, “Lynsey is contemplating homicide - something about Emily last night – and Liam is contemplating suicide because he’s so plain and can’t ever see getting the girl of his dreams.”
“Who happens to be?” Harper asked from behind an Italian newspaper.
“Any girl who happens to be around at the time. Anyone, really,” she said with that forlorn look spiced with a forlorn hope. “Swilling romantic detritus, he calls himself. I keep telling him he’s got a warm pair of eyes. He just thinks I’m a big fool and takes no notice.”
“Oh,” Harper said, deep within the very fibre of the Italian financial pages. He couldn’t understand a word of Italian print but felt the need of a cellulose barrier between him and Sheila this morning.
“I suppose you want me to phone their mothers?” His low, measured monotone evaporated into the air on his side of the rigid paper, as he sank a little lower into his seat.
“That would be displaying a degree of responsibility I didn’t think you possessed.”
“If they are planning to kill themselves or each other, or Emily, I only thought dealing with the bodies might be easier if a member of each family was here to take home a coffin, instead of piling them all up in the boot of the bus. Can’t manage any more cadavers. Not on this trip. Not in this heat. Emily running off with that Mustafa would help solve the overcrowding in the back of the bus, though.”
“She’s not running off with him now. It’s some other bloke she picked up at the club last night. One of the last ones in the queue, apparently. She says he’s very nice. Sensitive. Not all hands and leers like the others.”
“How many did she have to go through to get to him?” The paper rustled with irritated disbelief.
“Don’t know. They drop away pretty quickly when you start sending the wrong signals.”
“Like what? Sitting with your bum in a bucket?”
“You would have to bring that into it. Just like you. Just like I said. You couldn’t care less about them. Just when she’s beginning to feel good about herself and her new boyfriend, you have to bring her most sensitive issue into it.”
“Oh, and I’m supposed to put up with her mutiny, her sordid behaviour, possible marriage and all accompanying discomforts to me like derision back home, not to mention the loss of my job – just so she won’t start feeling bad about herself?”
“You could start to show a bit more compassion about people, someone, anyone, people in general. Compassion isn’t your strong point right now, Keith.”
“That sounds a bit loaded. Just how many more people am I supposed to have compassion for? Is there some kind of daily quota?”
“You might begin by showing a little more feeling toward you colleagues, for a start,” Sheila said, shifting uneasily on her chair, staring a hole through his paper.
He rustled for a second, gathering his evidence, then said, ”It’s you lot who owe me a fortune in back-drinks, and I still got you your Beaujolais in last night, and yet I’m supposed to show more feelings towards you? That’s rich.” He finished by dropping the paper to catch her reaction, but she was looking off at the table in the corner with April and Hannah who were having a laugh over something.
“Some people don’t seem to be under-compassioned,” he said, following her gaze. “Some people seem to be having a great time,” he said catching the way the light from April’s smile flashed at him. This pleased him and he settled back comfortably into the sports section.
“Who’s that boy sitting across from Emily and Kate? He’s not one of ours,” Sheila said. “Nice set of shoulders on him,” she added, involuntarily shimmying her own shoulders, preening in his direction.
“He’s still in his pj’s whoever he is. Someone from the German tour lodging down the corridor. Nice, how kids always have that collegiate approach to meals and things.”
Sheila looked doubtfully sideways across her cheek at them now, now that he might be foreign and an infiltrator of one of their English roses.
“No harm in sharing a table if it means more can be packed into the breakfast room, if it means nobody’s been left out in the cold,” Keith added.
“I don’t think he’s been left out in the cold, not from the blood blazing in Emily’s cheeks.”
“Who is showing a lack of compassion now?”
Sheila just raised her eyebrows, asking if Harper intended doing anything about it, but he was settled nicely down behind his Italian comics and could not be moved.
“We just cannot allow them to hang out together like that. It’s the thin end of the wedge. Look what almost happened to Kate. Call somebody, dammit!” nudging her Blackberry across the table to him.
“I cannot speak German, leastways not well enough to get his parents on the phone. You’ll have to do it,” he nudged the Blackberry back.
“Get after their German Professores. Get Giacomo to do it. Threaten him. Stand up to them for god’s sake. After all, it just takes a little gumption.” Her disgust for Harper’s spinelessness spread across her face like a knife. “They’ll be in all our rooms next, if you don’t.”
The newspaper stiffened.
She was whistling with indignation now. She would be pointing next, then raising her voice in that forced, hissing whisper that nobody was supposed to hear. It was all becoming too much for him, and so he put his paper down, leveling his eyes at her.
“What is really bugging you about all this?” he demanded in his own forced whisper. “Come on, spit it out. Get to the point.”
But before she could answer, Giacomo let off a most undignified shriek from across the room. Sheila placed her cappuccino on the table and lifted her head in the manager’s direction. The Young Babes, like does in a forest glade, turned their eyes toward a disturbance in their idyll. Behind his bar, shuddering with the pitiful efforts of his old Hitachi espresso machine, Giacomo swore and blasted. A strand of stringy hair, plastered as best he could across his balding pate, fell down across his nose. He pluffed it aside, as much an act of despair as good grooming.
His Hitachi espresso machine had not been functioning for some time now. Each morning he would have to get up earlier and earlier to coax it into being, to get enough steam up before breakfast. It had many leaks. He was not in a good mood today. He was not a plumber. In addition to his inept coffee maker, the fresh croissants had not yet been delivered by that lazy devil, son of a whore, Renaldo, and so he had to once again give the English stale ones. They didn’t usually mind though, the English. As a matter of fact, being English, they preferred the stale ones and complimented him on how nice his bread was compared to theirs back home. It was the Germans who had no experience of bread at all who would complain about the stale croissants when they eventually got up. They complained about most things though. Giacomo often wondered why they left home to come to Rome in the first place, if they weren’t prepared to rough it a little.
The Poles, though, were a different class of patron altogether. They camped out. They didn’t expect anything when they arrived, and so any food at all, any kind of food, was a bonus. The Poles usually brought their own anyway in great sausage logs they shared out round the imaginary fire built in the middle of the dining room. The Poles were great. They brought their own food and provided their own entertainment, singing and dancing the night away, as if they hadn’t a care in the world, as if they hadn’t left Poland at all. He often wondered why they bothered to travel all that way to sing and dance in his hotel dining room. They hadn’t come to see Rome at all. The Poles were avid campers, and they were there to have a great big hootnanny right in the middle of his hotel, a party that seemed never ending, that went on from morning to night with the men flinging themselves about the place in their curious dances, then flinging the women about and the furniture, hammering on the floor ‘til the cows came home.
The hotel was their elysian fields, and they only left it to defecate in the gutters outside or chase some unsuspecting Italian woman or stand around in amazement out there, scratching their privates and gazing in disbelief at the hordes of mad Lambrettas charging off to work every morning. Poles were great. They always had a smile on their faces. They were just glad to be there. Anywhere outside of Poland was fine for them, and the Hotel Juliette was their Disneyworld.
Germans, on the other hand, by and large, were a trial for Giacomo. Nothing ever pleased them. They were all grouches, as far as he was concerned and sent to him to make his life a misery, just like his Hitachi espresso machine. He looked at it hard, in the forlorn hope that a stern glare might cow it into leaking less. With the advent of war between the English professore and the woebegone Miss Cranberry this morning, he felt he could no longer cope, threw his hands in the air, and turned the whole lot over to his beautiful, young niece, Annette, who was a wiz at making things run better. She was young, he argued, and had the patience to deal with all kinds of stuff he hadn’t time for: to make sure there were enough godawful stale packed lunches for the English; to placate the Germans; stop the Poles from chasing the women in the street and see if they couldn’t start using the toilets in the bedrooms; to get the German boys out of the English girls’ bedrooms and most of all to fix the bastafasoo Hitachi espresso machine.
Annette had a lovely smile. Her black hair hung down her back like a big, long horse’s tail. Her legs were a little bit short but shapely all the same, and her figure was at that stage of a girl becoming a woman that she would never see again. Her smile urged the oglers to have a deft go and frightened the meek boys away. She was a ripe peach on the edge of, but not yet spoiling. She was proud of her wobbly breasts and didn’t mind setting them off by reaching up too far for the jam, breathing excitedly whenever possible and by walking with a jiggle in her heels.
Annette could take over the hotel, Giacomo decided, and he would retire to the arms of his mistress who lived alone and gently greying in a room behind his office. Annette would sort out all the problems he had no patience for, because she had a way of dealing with people he hadn’t the nerves for anymore. His grizzly old chops just set people on edge while her innocence beguiled even the hardest matron. The Germans didn’t stand a chance. They were suckers for her big brown eyes. She would scold the Poles the way a schoolmistress scolded naughty boys. The croissant guy would get there on time in the morning just to have a surreptitious leer at her wondrous cleavage before anybody else was up to get in the way. Giacomo could spend the entire morning in the arms of his mistress who desired such a thing of him.
The English problem? Who could solve the English and their problem? Only the English, that’s who. Annette’s eyes wouldn’t. Her cleavage wouldn’t and even her wondrous bottom wouldn’t. In the morning they might be rowling with each other, but give the mighty English diplomacy a day and they would be excusing each other silly by their teatime, and so embarrassed that stern words were ever passed between them in the first place, wouldn’t know where to look.
Giacomo knew this. He knew too that Annette would solve the inscrutable riddle of the Hitachi espresso machine, so that soon they could all have lovely, hot coffee without gritty bits in it. He had a feeling about these kinds of things, and so, without saying another word, but just by throwing up his arms and looking heavenward when Annette turned back to him for another tepid espresso for the German Herr professore, she knew she was now in full command.
Giacomo skulked off to his mistress, and Annette got a big pipe wrench out, applied it to the wobbly joints on the Hitachi espresso machine, and suddenly the pressure gage went through the roof. A big grin on her lovely lips, head up and breasts standing proud, she headed back into the morning fray. Groggy patrons appeared from all over the place smelling the coffee as if for the first time in their lives, rubbing their eyes, profoundly aware that the place was under new management.


Chapter 16
Fabrizio
“There he is.” Kayley’s squeal ended in a squeak. “Told you it was him.” She dragged Megan to the end of the street and peered round the corner at the stooped figure disappearing across the grand Piazza Santa Maria Maggiore. “We can catch him if we hurry.”
“We could catch him even if we didn’t hurry. We could overtake him if we just stood here and allowed the epoch to take its natural course.”
“Come on. I want to talk to him.”
Fabrizio doddered onward, his great, flowing moustaches seeming to weigh his head forward.
“What can you possibly get out of a chat with a ninety year old waiter?” Megan shouted after her friend who had disengaged hands in order to charge after him by herself. “He’s probably got all kinds of diseases you could catch if you’re not careful.” Megan dallied and stopped, out of sorts with her mate. “Domini, thumb and pleurisy,” she uttered passing the cathedral. “They’ve all got pleurisy and cataracts, wrinkles and smells,” she called out, unwillingly following on.
The pursuit eventually led across the square, down an alleyway to a nondescript door in the side of what looked to be a big, old warehouse. When Megan closed the door behind her they were inside an ancient church, the oldest one in Rome. She espied their quarry seated on a church bench, head bowed in the direction of a fabulous altar. The church was empty at this time of the morning, apart from several tourists wandering about craning their necks at the works of art. This place was very old. The mosaic frescos were Babylonian, or so it seemed to Kayley, crude yet beautiful. The grimy, stained glass windows admitted only a sifting of Roman dustlight. The air seemed stained with age.
Megan crept up to settle next to Kayley. “You mustn’t bother him in here. They’ll have those Swiss Guards on you and everything.” Megan was serious. Her eyes were wide with the fear of sullied decorum.
“I wasn’t going to bother him,” she whispered. “I only want to be near him. Isn’t he wonderful? Old and everything, just like this place.”
“Like one of those stained old statues over there,” Megan whispered back. “He must be at least as old as God. Look at the way his head is shaking. That’s pleurisy. They all have it, old people. It’s a contagion of the elderly,” she affirmed.
“I just like his hair. And that big nose. The way it swoops out.”
The old, old man in the pew in front of them stirred uneasily, almost turned round, then settled into worship.
“His ears are like bats’ wings,” Megan said.
“Quiet,” Kayley warned as the priest entered to perform rites at the altar, which neither of them understood. The old, old man placed a hand on the bench ahead of him to assist himself to his feet. When he too had visited the altar, he returned to his seat and just before sitting, lifted his head sideways to see the two girls, one dumbly, the other adoringly gawping at him. Then it was that Kayley knew what it was that had really attracted her – those soft eyes nestling in folds of downy skin. They stung the air with their liquid clarity, yet softly watched, intelligently watched his way. Bright blue watery beacons.
“Hi,” she hissed in a breathless rush. He almost nodded but didn’t out of deference to the church and turned his back on them to sit down.
Megan felt affronted.
Kayley, however, wasn’t having any of it and lifted herself grandly up, scuttled round the end of the pew and hurried to his side, a smile as big as a field of sunflowers across her face. She was so happy to be with him. Then his decorum caught her too, and she looked sternly forward awaiting the next move. He knelt. She knelt. He put his face into his folded hands and seemed to be weeping into them, so she. Chin on the apex of his knuckles contemplating mortality. Kayley contemplated Matthew McConauhey’s six pack. Fabrizio wasn’t to know. He levered himself back onto the bench with aged creaks and groans that Kayley couldn’t duplicate, hung his head with her peeping sideways all the while. Then, head level again, he sat back as the priest tidied up the altar and left.
“Why you come here?” Fabrizio asked but spoke in a way that the church might not hear. He was gentle and coaxing.
“We were just on our way in and saw you here too. Thought we would pray with you. You looked like you could use some company. You looked like you had a lot on your chest. Troubles.”
“My chest?” he said, not quite clear. She nodded enthusiastically, her face greying somewhat.
“Aha, my chest,” he exploded joyously. “You must come with me,” an idea had seized him. He creaked to his feet and led the way past the ancient frescos of Christ and out of the church. He headed down a little alleyway that fed into another street full of traffic. Kayley followed eagerly but had to drag Megan who wasn’t quite as sure. They crossed the traffic just in time to catch him scuttling into another little squashed up dark alley overhung with timeless, old buildings. A flight of gasping steps led up into a brightly lit piazza with a fountain in the middle. Fabrizio had disappeared. There were three more exits from the piazza as well as a café and a number of decaying shops around it, which he might have gone into. But he was nowhere to be seen.
The rotund café owner paused in his duties to his morning tables and seemed to be awaiting events. A little child’s head looked out upon them from antechamber darkness above. A cat stretched in the luxurious sunlight. The air seemed to stop. Kayley caught her breath. The café owner returned to his job, placing chairs round the tables before he disappeared inside.
“Come with me,” a voice from nowhere explained. It was Fabrizio.
“There,” Megan said, pointing to a doorway blackened by the bright sunlight. Without waiting for Kayley, she now led the way to the door and disappeared into the darkened counterpoint. A dilapidated, broad marble staircase echoed to the salty steps of the two stumbling visitors, blinded temporarily by retinal delay.
“Did you say he came this way?” Kayley’s voice echoed.
“I saw him go up here,” Megan said.
“He’s like the rabbit in Alice in Wonderland. Do you think we should go any further up?”
Megan strained her eyes to see further up the big, old stairwell. “There’s light coming from somewhere up there.”
“Megan, this is somebody’s house. Shouldn’t we…”
“Bit late to start shitting yourself now, Kay.”
“No it’s not. It’s never too late,” she said beginning to shiver from something, the cold or something. Megan didn’t hear anymore. Her eyes were trained on the source of light, a partially open door, two flights up.
When she reached the door, she pushed it further open. “Excuse me, but…” she began to apologise but jumped back, “sorry,” and slammed the door.
“I told you it was somebody’s house. You can’t just go barging in on people having their breakfast,” Kayley hissed.
“They weren’t having breakfast,” Megan said in a wobble. “You go in the next one. You’re not as sensitive as me.”
“What was it, Meg?”
“People doing it.”
“That all? Thought you’d discovered somebody dismembering a body or something.”
“How can people on the one hand spend half of the morning praying in church and the other half doing it right there in the front room with the door half open?”
“Perfectly natural, to me. Perfectly Italian,” Kayley said leading the way upward again. “When you think of it, why should anyone not?”
“When I get married, it’ll be strictly at bedtime and only on Saturday night.”
“And you’ll both be wearing nightgowns,” said Kayley, “pulled up to your chins with little bed socks in case the bedroom is too cold. Me? I’m turning the heating on first thing when I get in from work. Then, tea’s done, and get ‘em off. Otherwise, what’s the point? Hello,” she said all of a sudden at the old man framed in the next open doorway.
“Allo,” Fabrizio said, and smiled back at them merely by squeezing his eyelids gently together. “Tea,” he announced, in the Italian version of that word. A kettle was steaming in the corner of his room.
“I have, every day. Elevenses,” he said bringing a jug of milk from an antiquated fridge beside the sink.
Kayley was overjoyed. Megan retained a repressed enthusiasm for this dusty old reprobate and his threadbare charm. He will be getting out the shortbread next, she thought, just like Gran.
“I learn elevenses from peoples just like you, many years ago.”
“When you were a young man,” Kayley said, sensing a sad, romantic interval.
“When I was old man,” he corrected her without his duty to the milk. “I never young man. Always old,” he smiled benignly at his joke.
“You must have been beautiful when you were young,” Kayley urged, for she was developing a theory about Fabrizio that she sought to confirm.
“Ah, yes,” he mourned, “Always old, always young,” and he shrugged his shoulders. “Out here I old. See? My skin. In here,” he indicated his heart.
“In there, you’re a rascal,” she said, tempting him.
The old, old man brought his eyes into line with hers. She could now see his true age, for his eyes were drawn away from his lower lids like a loose, pink inner tube.
“I want be young,” he struggled with his meaning. “But…” he shrugged again and made a sweeping gesture with his hand, circumnavigating the room. “More tea?” he asked, remembering his manners and other days, before his guests had time to test their first cup.
“But?” Kayley had to remind him, for his memory hadn’t, or hadn’t wanted to.
“They die,” Fabrizio said, as if an admission of guilt, and he turned away from them toward the light from his dusty window above the table. A wrinkled, old hand went to his eye. He looked in amazement at the teardrop on the end of his finger.
“I kill,” he admitted wistfully at last and shuffled his dusty shoes round to face them again. He wanted to see for himself what they were thinking.
Megan hadn’t heard properly at first. She had been sightseeing around his room, and it wasn’t until she replayed the last few minutes in her head that she came across his confession. “You’re a murderer?” she blurted out. “You murdered someone?” she gasped.
“I kill two peoples,” he said, collapsing inside.
Both girls edged their cups back onto the table at the same time, as if in preparation to leave. Megan stared at his hand stirring his tea with a knife. He had no spoon. Seeing this, Megan reasoned that Italy had no need for teaspoons since no one drinks tea here.
Kayley’s initial fear melted to compassion. This was an old man. She took another sip of her tea and relaxed back onto her chair.
“I pray for them every day in the church. Then I come here and have some tea. Elevenses. They call it that. I call too.”
Megan continued staring at his hands, imagining them around the delicate white throat of some terrified, young woman. “How did you do it?” she found herself asking and was immediately nudged by Kayley who was having none of this murder business at the moment.
“You see,” he said. “You see, I in love.”
Kayley sat up. “With both of them?” she said, for she had known it all along. She had known it in the restaurante when he was serving their food, while he was moving between tables, the way his eyes averted from hers. She had known it in the church by the way he looked longingly into the past while saying his prayers. And now he looked longingly from one to the other, the way he must have all those years ago. Had he been in love with two English women and not been able to choose? “You loved two women,” she said, as much to herself as to the room full of memories.
“I always in love,” he admitted. “I must stop love, but I walk in the street and I fall in love. The women, they are so beautiful. I cannot control. It is no good.” A forlorn ringing rose in his throat, desperate sibilance of his lamentable state.
“You couldn’t have either of them or both of them?” Megan asked, hesitating to break into the romance. “So…”
“You see,” he started again, then halted. This was not easy. He began again, in another way. “You see, I married too, and this was not a good thing to be in love.”
“Sounds just like Mr. Harper,” Kayley said. Then she explained to Fabrizio, “One of our teachers is in love, but he is married too. He doesn’t know he’s in love, but he is. We all know it.”
“Ah,” he said, “Professore… and he loves the one with the beautiful eyes.”
“Who? Yes. Mrs. Oliver. He doesn’t know he is, but we do. We saw them.” Kayley explained.
“Aha,” Fabrizio looked confused, but struggled on. “I too understand this foolishness,” he said stoically, nodding his head, “but it is hard to chop your love.”
Megan gasped, now all ears, “Is that what you did? Chop them up?”
“I don’t think he means that, Megan. Do you, Fabrizio?”
“You see, I love them. Do you know?” He stood back from the table in the middle of the room, teetering, arms outstretched, appealing to them like a marionette on strings.
“But you didn’t kill them,” Kayley said, “really.”
His eyes directed themselves at the question but seemed to be turned inwards, looking at something else, something far away in another time. He saw only what was in his head, a sorrow, some horror that - Kayley remembered - seemed to haunt him in the restaurant. He looked so alone in his torment, so vulnerable in his old age, haunted by the events of long ago, the deaths of two women.
“I couldn’t think of anything else to do, Meg,” Kayley said, head down in a hurry to leave the little piazza. “You saw what he looked like. We had to leave him with something. If we had stayed, he would have been forced to tell, and that would have destroyed him.”
“Made him feel better, you mean.”
“Don’t you think that in seventy years if anything could have made him feel better he would have found it? There’s nothing in the world that could ever make that man feel better about what he did.”
“But you said he didn’t.”
Kayley’s heels tripped quickly down the sandy steps.
“Kayley,” Megan implored, two steps behind, “you said he didn’t do it.”
“I said he didn’t kill them both.”
“Yes. So? So? Kayley. Kayley, stop.”
Kayley turned to her exhausted friend. “I just didn’t think it felt right. All he has left is his dignity, Megan. We couldn’t strip him of that as well. He’s too old now, anyway, and what about all of those lovely people who work in the restaurante?What would happen to them?
“He doesn’t employ them. He’s not their boss.”
“No, but how would they feel about him. They, we, all adore him. If he told the truth, it would hurt so many people.”
“The truth. The truth. You keep on talking about the truth, but you don’t know what it is. First you say one thing, then another.”
“I’ve had a feeling all along about what happened, or about the experience he’s been through. I’m not sure about the events, but I’ve always had a feeling about the experience.”
“Rubbish. Now you’re just being melodramatic. You don’t have a clue about him or his women.” Megan stormed on ahead. “It was his hands first, in the restaurante. Now you say you’ve had this feeling all along. Crapolla!”
Kayley remembered Fabrizio’s hands holding his cup. Long, delicate fingers. Knuckles like golf balls and waves of loose skin across the backs, knobbly wrists covered in a thatch of hair. She remembered too the scars where he had attempted suicide all those years ago.
“He must have done something pretty awful to try and do away with himself,” she said to herself. “And who saved him?”
“When did he do that?” the skeptic Megan asked, overhearing Kayley’s thoughts.
“After the murder, I suppose. Or after the execution.” She slowed right down to concentrate hard on something else.
“Rope burns around his neck?” Megan sneered. “Fragments of skull in the teapot? The twelve-inch knife sticking through his leg. Frankenstein in the cupboard? Now, there’s an execution. Gestapo, I suppose. Just before the allies arrived to liberate Rome. Just too late.”
“I just think there’s something else to it, that’s all. I don’t know. But we can’t ask him to tell us. He would, and that’s not right.”
“It might help him a little to get it off his chest.”
“Something like this you don’t get off your chest just like that. Something like this you can only rid yourself of by self destruction, if you’re strong enough.”
“Crapolla,” Megan decided as they re-entered the lane that led onto Santa Maria Maggiore. “Suicide. A man grows old and you have him hanging at the end of a rope just because he survived longer on earth than anyone has a right to, and he’s got sweet eyes. You just want him to be the victim of romance so that it justifies your bizarre interest in him. He doesn’t want you to fall in love with him, you know, Kayley. Fancy, him having any thoughts about someone less than a zillionth of his age.”
“It does happen, not that I think you are right. What about Methuselah, and – and… Cliff Richard?”
“And Mick Jagger, I suppose you’ll be saying next.”
“Why not? Some older, more mature men have a strange fascination for some younger women. I read about it somewhere.”
“Some weird women, ugly women who cannot buy a man under fifty. Face it, Kayley, it’s over. You cannot be interested in a ninety-year-old bloke who, by your own reckoning, wiped out half the female population of Rome during the war then tried to slash his wrists. No matter how you try to convince yourself that it’s normal, you will never be able to get it past your parents.
Can you imagine taking him home for Sunday afternoon tea? ‘Hi mum, dad, meet Fabrizio, my new boyfriend and future husband. Don’t mind the smell, it’s just his age, and would you mind ramping the steps in the front of the house so that we can get his wheelchair in through the door. You can apply for a council grant for the renovations you’ll need to install the bath hoist. Look on the bright side, dad, the house will be just right for you and mum in thirty years time when you’re both as wrecked as he is. Think of all the fun you guys can have playing bowls together of a summer’s evening.
“’When you talk to him, make sure he can see your lips moving, or you can shout a lot. Don’t serve him anything that’s too chewy. Gruel is good, and mind out when he spits, because he is unpredictable that way. And do you know any good war stories, because that’s his favourite topic of conversation. You’ll have to steer clear of concentration camp stuff, though, because it seems that hits him too close to home.’”
A sniff from Kayley, as they reached the steps of Santa Maria Maggiore. She didn’t like being bullied. She blew her nose and had a good rub of it with the tissue. “I just think he’s nice, that’s all. I’m just sensitive to artistic hands, and you go and twist things out of all proportion.”
“Murderer’s hands, Kay. Murderer’s. Not sensitive – brutal. Hands that twist necks, break bones. Did you see his shoulders? A lot of power has wasted from them over the years, but you must have seen how strong they are, even now, even though he walks with a stoop. His back and shoulders are sprung like a steel trap.”
“Stooped and feeble. He has no more strength in his back than a gnat. The curve in his spine comes from bending to serve tables and his generally obsequious demeanor, his humility. He could have no more done what you say than he could spill soup or bring the wrong wine.”
“He brought Miss Fitchet some pretty ropey Beaujolai last night.”
“That wasn’t ropey. That happened to be a select bottle, only she couldn’t tell the difference. That was a special treat he gave her.”
“Bollocks. The good stuff he took over to Mrs. Oliver’s table. Keith told him to. Fabrizio doesn’t care.”
They rested on the steps of that wonderful cathedral.
“He does care,” Kayley said after a long silence.
“Not the way you think, Kay. He cares for your lily white skin and delicate white throat.”
“He’s just an old man, Meg.”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you, Kay. Just an old concentration camp commandant searching for a way round his conscience.”
“A confused old man with confused memories.”
“Who probably searched and searched for a way to liquidate millions of people by some swift, efficient, modern method but had to fall back on simple old fashioned torture and gas. Rounded up the odd concubine for his own amusement, and when done, strangled them and tipped them out his little window into the street below. Did you see the way he looked at that window? The way he continually turned back to it, as if it was accusing him with the very sunlight that it strangled to get in?”
“Now, who is being ridiculous?”
“Sounds far-fetched, I know, but I’m beginning to get a feeling about him too, and a lot of things don’t add up.”
“Things hardly ever add up. I wouldn’t condemn a man for being old and looking wistfully out the window,” Kayley said.
“You would fall in love with him, though, for those very same things.”
“Don’t you think it’s going to be a hot day?” Kayley said, trying to change the subject.
“Cranberry is herding us all out to Ostia-by-the-sea today in order to cope with the heat.”
“So we can spend the day wilting inside that bus.” Kayley said.
“In the pursuit of culture,” Megan said, just as happy as Kayley to drop the subject of Fabrizio for the time being. But as they were standing up to take stock of things, Kayley had to get the last word in.
“Concentration camp is a bit harsh, Meg, for someone who trembles at the thought of a rumpled table cloth. And I don’t think a man who has done what you say he has done could possibly go through with the charade of going to church every morning of his life. If he is as you say, he wouldn’t need it…”
“Except as a cover…”
“A cover for what? – or if he is riddled with guilt, he wouldn’t be able to stand the exposure of his soul to his greatest Patron. God would kick his butt from here to Timbuktu every time he set foot through the door.”
“Patronage is not essential for going to church. Anyway, that’s not the issue. He uses it as a cover for his alter-ego – the camp commandant.”
“Stop it. He’s not.” Exasperated, Kayley struck out. “I feel so awful you are saying these things. I thought you were a nice, sensible person, capable of no evil. Now I find you are a vindictive witch jumping on any opportunity to sully the good name of a truly sweet, old man.”
They walked on for some time, talking in this way, until, finding themselves in the hotel’s lower foyer, stopped to drop coins into a hat beside Randy, the gigolo, who happened to be doubling as a leper this morning. He was not in funds at the moment.


Chapter 17
The Seventeenth Chapter
Kate was desperate. “We can’t leave Rome yet,” she scalded Harper who was sitting in his chair in front of Annette’s counter checking his Blackberry for directions to Siena. “I can’t leave yet,” she said, fondly twiddling Vitale’s necklace. “I won’t leave yet,” she decided with finality and stomped off. “You can all get on that bus without me tomorrow. I’m staying here.” Unmoved, he heard her tirade ascending the stairs to the next floor.
Annette smiled across her counter at Harper. “She stay: I go,” she said in her deep, dusky contralto. “I go with you, Professore. She stay, make espresso, serve people, take care Giacomo,” she said, looking gloomily over her shoulder at Giacomo’s office behind her. Then she brightened again. Annette’s normal habitat was bright. “I like travel. Where we go tomorrow, Professore?”
“Siena,” Mrs. Oliver answered for Harper on her way into the foyer. “Looks like a wholesale mutiny up there, Mr. Harper. The Older Babes are sending down a delegation to have you replaced as tour leader. They’re all texting their parents about you – inconsiderate, tyrant, megalomaniac – I think they’re saying. Ceinwen is texting the headmaster, just because she’s Ceinwen and needs to blow off steam at someone before the day gets much older.”
“Delightful,” Keith said, turning his Blackberry off. “Just what I need. What is she telling Mr. McCallum this time? I hope it’s better than her feeble attempt to have me sacked last Christmas for not decorating my room with Christmas mistletoe or posters of Matthew McConauhey in some mad Santa drag outfit.”
“She says you won’t let anybody have any fun.”
“Good.”
“Their bedtime is hours too early. She wants two o’clock in the morning.”
“Excellent,” he said, turning his Blackberry back on.
“No clubbing allowed.”
“Even better. I should be up for a promotion when I get back. Go on,” he enthused.
“You won’t let them drink even a little wine, even after Will bribed you with that bottle of vodka when we got here.”
“Lovely.”
“And Sheila Cranberry and Hannah Fitchet are having your love children in nine month’s time.”
“I can explain that one… “ he tried to reassure her. “Anything else? What about you? Aren’t you having anyone’s love child in nine months?”
“Haven’t been asked yet, but, OK. If you like,” she said glibly. “Ta very much. Thought you’d never offer.” She grinned pinkly and went off to tell everyone upstairs the bad news.
“Not bad,” Harper mused to himself, “for an inconsiderate, tyrannous megalomaniac who never has any fun” he said, watching April’s cute, tight, tartan-clad bottom ascend the stairs all the way out of sight. When he returned his gaze to Annette, she looked like a puppy yearning to be patted too.
Harper put it all down to Rome.
There then ensued a mad exodus from the hotel Juliette that Harper could only put down to Rome as well. Kate stormed past him in a rage, followed by Emily, pleading with Harper to do something, followed by Lynsey who looked daggers at the beleaguered Professore.
“She’s off out to find her true love before it’s too late,” Lynsey spat on her way past. “Out there, somewhere,” she said pointing in a flurry in the general direction of Greater Rome. “And no thanks to you, she and all three of us are probably heading for some grotesque Romeo and Juliet suicidal ending just because you couldn’t see your way clear to delay your misbegotten trip a minute or two in Rome to allow them to rescue each other’s hearts.” Her tirade intensified because the lift was in use.
Annette raised her eyebrows at this mutiny against the Professore.
Confused by the racket, Fabrizio, who was emptying the waste paper baskets today and generally doing the tidying up round the hotel because Giacomo had decided to totally jack it all in, stepped aside as Lynsey crashed past him down the stairs.
“Sounds more like King Lear to me,” Keith got in, before the lift doors closed on Lynsey. “It’s becoming more and more Learish all the time. Watch out for your eyes, Fabrizio. You’ll be next. You never know where the tyranny of the young will end.” Fabrizio went on with his tidying up.
“Professore!” Annette implored, scandalized by Lynsey’s scolding.
“It’ll all end in misery on the Cliffs of Dover, Annette. I can smell it.” Harper replied, returning to his Blackberry.
“Professore, you no go to Siena tomorrow?” But before he could answer this very reasonable question, another tide of unreasonableness washed back into the foyer in the form of Megan and Kayley who, returning from breakfast, spotted Fabrizio with his head inside a dustbin.
“It’s him, the camp commandant,” Megan nudged her friend.
“Shshshsh. He’ll hear you!”
 Fabrizio lifted his head out of his dustbin and smiled at the sound of friendly voices.
“I don’t care a jot. Somebody has to expose the charlatan murderer,” Megan said, pushing back at Kayley, who didn’t know where to look, and striding straight round to face Annette across her counter, demanded, “You don’t know where your granddad has been, do you?”
To which the baffled, newly-appointed manageress could only shake her head and offer, “He come from his elevenses right to here, to do his tidy up.”
“No,” Megan blurted, out, impassioned to bring this felon to book, “I mean in the war. Do you know what he did in the war? He…”
“My grandfather he…” And at the end of Annette’s florid and equally impassioned account, Megan could only stagger backwards, gobsmacked, to be led away by Kayley who was looking thoroughly delighted at the turn of events and Annette’s story about her grandfather in the war.
“I told you, didn’t I,” Kayley said, looking proudly upon the old janitor who had moved on now to doing the hoovering behind the Professore’s chair. “War hero!” she squealed in delight to Fabrizio who couldn’t hear again, this time because of the vacuum cleaner, and so he just smiled at her. If she hadn’t been steering Megan toward the stairs, Kayley would have planted a lovely big kiss onto his wrinkled, old, heroic forehead.
“Hero,” Harper heard, now that Fabrizio had finished his vacuuming, and whispered,
“Thanks, Kayley,” into his Blackberry. He looked about surreptitiously at the unexpected compliment and caught Annette beaming beautifully across her counter at him. “Is she coming on to me?” he wondered out loud and nodded back at her unsolicited smile, “or is it still just Rome?”
Sheila tumbled down into reception like a pile of dirty washing, barely prepared for the day and swinging at anyone who resembled Harper. “Have you heard? They’ve all gone off – all three of them – to look for whatshisname, and won’t be coming back until, until, until…”
“…until they remember that he’s no longer in Rome, that his mother has sent him packing somewhere up north to his uncle’s farm tending cattle?” Harper said, filling in the blanks for poor old Cranberry whose face was lopsided with dread.
“Do something then,” she added or subtracted. “Call their parents. You can’t just sit there and let them chase around Rome without any escorts to look after them.
“I have,” he lied.
“You’ve what?”
“Phoned every one of their parents. Just finished with the last one this minute. I’ve phoned the lot of them and told them that their daughters will not be on the coach to Siena tomorrow, that they are out on the pull tonight – against my specific instructions not to, I may add - and that the parents should fly over tonight to either fly them back home, or if they want them to resume the tour, to run them up to Siena themselves. We’ll be in the middle of the Campo by noon awaiting the start of some horse race or other that’s supposed to take place there. How the hell they are going to do a horse race in the middle of an ancient city, I can’t wait to find out, but that’s what it says on the online brochure.”
Cranberry seemed happier now. “Well, if you’ve phoned their parents, that’s good. I’ll go and get some of the others to sort out their room, so we can make an early start in the morning. Might be nicer not having those three in the back of the bus. They whistle at workmen in the streets.”
“They won’t be whistling much longer,” Harper assured her.
“It’s not like you to do something like this, I mean, phoning parents, being all responsible and all. Not at all like you. What’s come over you all of a sudden?”
“Rome,” he said. “It does something to you. Puts hair on your chest.” He squeezed his eyelids together and smiled to see her trundle out of reception on her mission.
“Professore,” Annette scolded from across her counter. “Professore. You no telephone nobody. And Roma… it no put hair on your chest.” She shook her head for emphasis.
“What’s this then?” he said, unbuttoning his top two buttons. “Wasn’t here three days ago. See? Roma! That’s what did that.”
“I think this beautiful, young signorina does that to you, Professore,” she said, coyly. “Avril.”
“Who? April? Don’t be daft. No such thing,” he said, dismissing the accusation. “Anyway, who says she’s beautiful?”
“You… How you look at her!”
“No such thing. Rubbish. Pure rot. Plain Jane. Homeliest looking woman in Rome.”
“I think so,” Annette said, standing her ground. “She put hair on your chest. I know about such things,” she said just like Gina Lolabrigida and winked at Fabrizio who was now close enough to listen in on the conversation and wink back. It seems Italians are born knowing such things.
“Your studenti piccolo, they talk.”
“Young Babes?”
She nodded warmly at the description. “They tell me you and the pretty one – how you say – Avril, you grapple in the Vatican, Capella Sistine. They say… you hold her, like lovers. They say this to me.”
“Tommy rot,” he said, still idly playing with his Blackberry. “The only grappling going on there was to keep her steady when she looked up at the ceiling. I had to stop her from falling backwards into a pack of Germans behind us, that’s all. Believe me, nothing happened. Dead weight, even though she is little. Weighs a ton.” And then he said as an afterthought, “Good god, Oliver and me? The kids had a tote on me and Fitchet having a mad fling ever since Calais. Oliver is not in the running. Note to self: set Young Babes straight.”
Annette lifted her head as an acknowledgement of his truth, but her smile said she didn’t believe a word of it. She had heard him lie before.


Chapter 18
Palio
“Don’t push me. Don’t push me. I’m going.” Megan squirmed sideways up the coach steps. Ahead of her on his driver’s seat sat Elvis Mel bouncing happily and grinning with pride. Kayley followed her friend up the steps and flopped down beside her in the back of the coach.
‘Well I don’t care what Mr. Harper says,” Kayley said disentangling her earphones from her bag and plugging one into her left ear, allowing the right full access to Megan beside her. “I saw it, and what I saw wasn’t a mere propping up. It was a fully fledged snog…” Unable to say anything just now, because of the biscotti that filled half her mouth, Megan nodded in agreement. “In fact, Meg. No, now that I’m replaying it in my head, it wasn’t so much just him, both of them were at it. Remember?”
Megan nodded.
“There they were in that crowd of Austrians, and we weren’t much further away from them than we are from Emily up there. The two of them were admiring the paintings on the ceiling, both looking up into The Creation. Yes, I can see it all now. I see it Meg. He pointed at something up there on the ceiling. She grins, looks sideways at him…”
‘Into him, I thought,” Megan mumbled out of the side of her mouth, crumbs falling out.
“Right. Yes. You’re right, Megan. She was looking into something. Kind of waiting.”
“She waited for ages it seemed to me.”
“And to her,” said Kayley. “She wanted something to happen, but then again, didn’t… Funny.”
“She waited for ages it seemed for him to…”
“Enfold her in his arms…”
“No,” said Megan. “He didn’t enfold her. Not to enfold her… to…to…to slip his arm carefully around her shoulder and down across her back, as if he was showing her something, moving her in a direction to see something.”
“Yes!” Kayley shouted right to the front of the bus and into the face of the Professore who was outside herding the latecomers into the coach. He couldn’t really hear, but seeing the excitement on Kayley’s face and the look in her eye, he knew that he was now in some sort of trouble at the back of the coach. “And did you notice his fingers, Meg?”
His fingers,” Megan exclaimed. “Yes his fingers.”
“Delicious.”
“Yes. Good word. Good word, Kay. The way they were splayed.”
“Splayed across her back. Caressing her… feeling her back with his fingertips.”
“And her in that light summer blouse. You know, the gossamer yellow one with the flowers all over it.”
“Right,” Megan said, distracted by her own vision of two people in the Sistine Chapel. “She must have felt each fingertip as it gently caressed her back through that filmy material. And deftly slipped downwards?” she asked, not sure of the next bit.
“No Meg. No. I think you’re going a bit too far.”
“Oh yes. He wasn’t just holding her up from falling down. He was sending unmistakable signals, Kayley. Unmistakable. Gentle. Pressing. Urging her, the way one does. And then. And now. Do you see what happens now? I see it. I see it. Do you, Kayley?”
“Oh yes,” she said enthusiastically with her friend. “The fingers slip across her back, and as she falls closer to him, his hand slides under her arm, supposedly to stop her from falling, but – I can’t really see now, Meg. Can you? I can’t, but I think it went around her side toward her…”
“Not round her, Kayley?” Megan gasped.
“I think it did. I can just see near the end, just before she fell sideways, as she was falling sideways…”
“And,” Megan added confidently, “she didn’t mind one bit, judging from her smile and blushing and falling further into him… wanting him to draw her closer.”
“Didn’t mind one bit, Meg. Not one bit.”
“So much for keeping her from falling down…”
“He was getting a sly old… no. He was sending her a signal.”
“The kind of signal, Megan, none of us could mistake.”
“Yes. No mistake…He is a liar, Kayley.”
“Do you think Annette behind the counter knows?”
“Oh, yes, Annette behind the counter knows, but do you think Mr. Harper knows?”
“Right. That’s a good one, Meg. Very good. I don’t think he does know, or… he’s a lover in denial. Just look at him there outside the coach. Butter wouldn’t melt. Look, here comes Mrs. Oliver, and in that lovely yellow blouse, and he’s just ignoring it, treating her like one of us, herding her up the steps.”
“I wish she’d slip a little backwards to see what he does this time.”
“I know one thing, Megan. I’m starting a new tote.”
Siena beckoned, Mel found second gear, and the coach struggled out of Rome to the ironically rapturous applause of Will and Liam. The vast Campo, or town square in the centre of this splendid medieval city spread out in a fan shape before the party of English tourists who were gathered at one of its six entrance gates. The floor of the square itself was set in cobblestones designed to radiate out from the apex of the fan at the bottom to the far edges at the top. Around the circumference, a thick dirt track had been laid on top of the cobblestones for the horse race later in the afternoon.
“There’s a horse in one of the houses back there where we came into the city,” Lynsey shouted, catching up to the group, out of breath from being left behind. “I looked in the window, and there it was inside looking back out at me. A horse! A horse in the house.”
“They are called stables, Lynsey,” Emily assured her. “You find them all over the world. They are where horses live – stables.”
“No, this was a regular house. With a horse in it,” she insisted as they ambled to the middle of the enormous, empty Campo.
“This is good, isn’t it? But I don’t see how it will make it into the Guinness Book of World Records for the most exciting horse race in the world. Nobody’s here.”
“Doesn’t start yet,” said Kate, still in a sullen mope from yesterday’s failed coup. “We’ve got hours to go. It’s going to be hot,” she moped. “And I vote we don’t stand out here too much longer in this heat.”
“Well I for one want to languish for hours over there in one of those sweet, little outdoor cafes,” Emily said from behind her designer sunglasses, “and eat up each and every lovely young waiter who comes within striking distance of me. Palio or no, Mr. Harper or no, this is our last chance to pull in Italy, ladies, and I’m not going to let the opportunity go to waste,” she said flicking her hips and heading off with a will to her hunting grounds at the top of the Campo. Lynsey and Kate trailed unwillingly behind her.
“You are a baggage, Emily. If you keep on doing that with your bottom, there’s little or no hope of you or us attracting any decent crumpet at all. Put it away, sit on it, and give us all a chance, especially Kate who needs someone new to keep her mind off Vitale. Don’t you, Kate?”
Kate looked besieged with remorse. “I don’t need to be reminded of him every second of the day, thank you very much, Lynsey. As a matter of fact, I was beginning to forget him, nearly, ta,” she lied, checking out every galleria around that great stadium for signs that Vitale might have found a job waitering somewhere nearby.
“Not likely, Kate,” Emily said lifting a cappuccino to her lips. “It’s time to turn ‘nearly’ into ‘totally’ and play the field. Look at all these lovely boys dying to do things for us, serve us, adore us, fall all over their linguinis for us. Forget him. It was nice while it lasted, but it was never going to go much beyond the Palatine Hills anyway.” Emily emphasized the vast distances between Kate and the love of her life with a wave of her outstretched arms, but stopped short…
“Stop it, Emily,” Lynsey said. “Can’t you see she’s crying? You are a brute sometimes. Sometimes I think you have the tiniest heart in all of Christendom…as well as the largest bottom, as well as the dirtiest mind.
“Never mind, Kate,” Lynsey said, fondly taking Kate’s hand and patting it. “Emily’s probably right, and it is probably time to move on, but she could have put it in a more delicate way.”
Agitated by this rebuke, Emily put down her drink, pushed her sunglasses back onto her forehead and declared, squinting into the sunlight: “Well if you two are going to sit there holding hands like that, and weeping like that, frightening off all the most eligible lovely young boy crumpet in Siena, I’m moving,” and with that she picked up her stuff and left them to condole together while she found a quieter part of the square to ogle boy crumpet from.
As the sun moved into early afternoon, crowds began to pack into the ancient town square in anticipation of the Palio. Dotted about the square, outposts of studenti inglesi baked in the sun, called across the fields of multinational spectators to each other, shifted pizza, or slept and sizzled. The Professore and the inglesi senoras lolled in isolation under the dubious shade of a café umbrella, guzzling multinational liquids to stem the heat which, it must be said, was getting the best of them. It was either the heat or the multinational liquids or both, but Mrs. Oliver was beginning to lose it. Sensing a victimization on its way – his, Harper looked enviously at the big, black shadow spreading slowly across the Campo from the parapets in the west promising soon to save him from a good telling-off.
Spotting a lull in the conversation, Cranberry then Fitchet levered themselves off their seats to answer a call of nature leaving Harper and Oliver to watch over their flock bivouacked in the vast growing hubbub of the Campo.
Finally seeing her chance, Oliver, steaming with indignation, turned to Harper. “Did you really have to say that to them about it?”
Harper replied casually, “Look, I had to set the record straight before we left the hotel this morning. There’s all kinds of stories going around about what happened in the Sistine Chapel. Kids will say anything. Breakfast seemed like a good time, that’s all. I just had a quiet word with the two.”
“For what?” she exploded. “Telling them that I’ve been gagging for you since Florence; that I couldn’t wait to get my talons into you? That… That…”
Keith suddenly sat up from his seat, “Well no,” he blustered. “It’s not entirely true…” he lied.
“What’s not entirely true? The gagging or the talons? Megan and Kayley are all over it now. They couldn’t wait to tell me back there at lunch what you told them, and heaven knows who else they’ve told in the meantime. It won’t do, Keith. It just won’t do,” she said, on the verge of tears. “They’ve texted their friends back home about it, I’ll bet. It’ll be in all the papers back there before we even set foot in Dover.”
“Where are those two?” he stormed to his feet, making a show of scanning the Campo for the two harbingers of death.
“Oh, please. No more words. My reputation couldn’t stand anymore, nevermind my marriage or my job, for that matter. Please, just don’t say another word.” At which cue, Sheila and Hannah nudged back between tables carrying a tray of drinks.
“What’s the matter with her?” Sheila asked after April who had stormed off before they had time to lower themselves back onto their seats.
“Something about gagging and talons,” he said. “I think it must be the heat, or Siena. They say Siena does that to you sometimes at this time of year. Can’t you feel the tension in the air? I can,” he said, ducking behind another lie, lifting his glass to his lips. “She’ll be back,” and although his mind was reeling with dire possibilities, the beer didn’t suffer a bit.
“Kate, I’ve just seen the strangest thing,” Emily sang out and dumped her things back onto the table she had left twenty minutes before, plonking herself down onto her seat.
“Oh, Emily. It’s you. You’re back! Good,” Lynsey said returning to her conversation with Kate and trying to ignore Emily’s uninvited invasion.
“No…” Emily went on, undeterred. “I was just over there in one of those alleyways, outside that gate thingy, and you’ll never guess what I saw.”
“Go on,” Lynsey sneered. “Tell us what you saw, Emily. Italians, I’ll bet. Italian vampires. Young Italian vampires, all leering at you seductively as you walked towards them but laughing uproariously as you walked past when they got a look at what brought up the rear.”
“No,” Emily said seriously, turning to Kate and reaching towards her to take Vitale’s necklace between her fingers. “This! I thought so!”
“What?” At first frightened of more vindictiveness, Kate held back.
“You’ve seen more silly necklaces in a shop, Emily. That’s wonderful. Tell us something new. There are jewelry shops all over this place selling trinkets and tat.”
“No,” Emily shrieked to silence Lynsey’s sarcasm. “I was over there in that gate thingy where the alleyway comes into the Campo, and round the corner in a little lay-bye there were four of these, but they were real. Four huge white bulls just like your necklace, Kate, hitched to a big wagon behind them. I asked a man, and he said they were going to be in the parade. Look. Over there. It’s started.”
And sure enough, out from the gate where Emily had seen the enormous white bulls, a parade had begun. A renaissance pageant marched out onto the racetrack. Phalanx after phalanx of local folk marching in bright, period costumes, each phalanx from a different part of the city, hurling banners into the sky, as drums boomed and coronets screeched. The grinning bands in steady, brassy, gaudy procession, marched out one after the other, loving the attention strewn upon them from the middle of the packed Campo and balconies around it. They marched steadily and orderly, each swelled with pride in their own flag, its own colours and sensational clamour, with young, athletic men in fabulous, medieval costumes at the front of each section flinging banners on poles into the air and catching them. The banners rose in graceful arcs above the rooftops, seemed to explode there in the sunlight like fireworks then dove back to earth to be caught again by those brave, reckless young men.
An hour went by, and still the procession continued to emerge from the gate, marched round the top of the racetrack to a set of bleachers near the bottom end and congregated there, still playing, still throwing their banners, rejoicing in the joy of the day. At the end, at last came the Palio, the prize, the race winner’s banner sitting atop an old, rickety, wooden wagon drawn by Emily’s four beautiful, giant, white bulls, slathering and snorting, playing up to their own importance in the festival.
“There they are!” Emily squealed out of breath. “There they are. My bulls,” she squealed in delight, standing on her chair to get a better view and jumping up and down. “Just like on your necklace, Kate. See?” she said and looked across at Kate who was also standing on a chair, but despite the hullabaloo from every corner of the Campo, Kate seemed to be turned quietly inward, silenced by other possibilities, fingering her necklace.
“Do you think?” Emily managed between whoops. “No… It’s not possible.”
“Too cruel to even think, Emily,” Lynsey warned, peering over the sea of heads in front of them.
And as they searched that wagon in vane to catch a glimpse of a boy on it who had given Kate her keepsake, each one wilted in turn at the discovery that he was not there. Reluctantly, Kate came down off her tiptoes to fall back like the rest of the spectators into a nervous expectation for the race that was about to begin, for ponies had begun to assemble at the gate where they had first seen the bulls. Each horse was cheered out by its own phalanx of ecstatic marchers in front of the bleachers. Riderless at first, a dozen sleek thoroughbreds were led nervously onto the racetrack where, one by one, they were mounted by their jockeys. Unusual for jockeys though, these lads wore no distinguishing colours. They were perched atop their mounts bareback with only a bridle to hold onto, and each one glaring nervously ahead, anxiously surveying the makeshift, treacherous sand-covered track that circled the Campo. Two laps and it would be over.
“They’ll be finished before they start,” Lynsey shouted above the melee.
“Hope they take that far bend carefully,” Emily screamed back. “It’s pretty steep coming down off it onto the bottom straight. No telling what might happen if they barge into each other on that part.”
“Well I’m glad I’m over here,” said Lynsey. “That’s all I can say. The crowd on that bend are risking their lives being that close.”
“What about the poor jockeys. They’re all so sweet and so little. I like that one over there on that white horse,” Emily said. “Which one do you like Lynsey?” But Lynsey wasn’t really interested. “What about you, Kate? Which one?” Kate too had seemingly lost interest. She too was mute, but for a different reason. She too was silent, but her mouth was open as if she wanted to speak but couldn’t. She turned toward Emily with a pained, gobsmacked expression on her face.
“What’s the matter, Kate?” Emily saw the anguish in Kate’s eyes and thought it must be caused by something internal, until she saw Kate’s wild hand jabbing back in the direction of the Palio. She followed Kate’s extended arm out over to the start of the race, to the collection of horses, to one horse in particular and its jockey.
“Oh my god,” Emily exclaimed. “Oh my god! Kate. Is it…?”
“Yes,” Kate finally whispered so gratefully quietly that Emily could hardly hear, but Lynsey did, and she too followed the now wildly wagging finger out over the crowds toward the start of the Palio and that particular jockey.
“Oh my god, Kate!” Lynsey re-energised, now repeated. Oh my god, it’s… it’s Gino, Vitale…er…is it? It is! It’s him! Kate. Kate. It’s Vitale on the top of that horse over there. What is he doing here?” and in the same breath answered her own question, “Riding to his death, it seems, if he doesn’t get off that damn horse right now.”
But it was too late. The starting tape went up and the horses, as one, charged pell-mell across the top of the Campo, past the three startled, mute girls standing atop their chairs and onward towards that very sharp first turn.
Kate couldn’t look. Emily could but was speechless and so left it up to Lynsey to commentate on the progress of the race and more importantly the life and death struggle of Kate’s true love.
“Suicide,” was all she could say for a second. “It’s bloody suicide. Look at that. Oh my god. They’re. They’ve all got through. No… one’s down. It’s crashed into that pizza place one the corner. The jockey’s ended up in the awning but looks OK. It’s OK, Kate. It’s OK. It’s not him,” as the stampede clattered helter-skelter on along, past the bleachers, round the bottom corner and back up toward the start.
“He’s in the lead, Kate. I think… Yes, he’s in the lead. Look. There he is,” as they raced past the start/finish post and on toward that fiendishly slippery first turn again. Past the three girls, and Vitale was now in second place on the inside of the track, giving him a shorter but steeper run into the first turn. Unfortunately, the first rush past had scattered most of the temporary sand cover off the cobbled lane that crossed the track at that point multiplying the danger to horse and rider. Sadly for Vitale, his horse was a bit too fearless and a bit to stupid to recognize the danger, slipped on the slick cobblestones and plunged headlong into the centre of the roaring Campo.
“Oh my god, Kate. Don’t look. Oh my god. He’s come off his horse, and… I can’t see.” She craned sideways. “Oh my god, Kate… he’s dead. It looks like he’s dead.” And true to the commentary, Vitale’s horse had lost its footing, careered off the course, fell awkwardly sideways throwing his rider far into the crowd on the inside of the track.
“I think… “ Lynsey reported with appropriate solemnity. “I think he must be dead. He’s not moving. They’re clearing a space around the body. They’re all just standing around it, staring at it. Oh my god, Kate! There’s blood!! Somebody do something for god sake,” she shrieked, but couldn’t be heard over the crowd’s tumultuous roaring.


Chapter 19
Last Chapter
“I must tell you something, Keith,” April rehearsed away from the Palio in one of those labyrinthine alleyways that riddle Siena. She walked back and forth in front of the same tobacconist shop, trying to get her story exactly right. “Whatever happened in the Sistine Chapel was not of my doing. I was merely a tourist there. I don’t know what your intentions were, but mine were entirely innocent. I was admiring Michelangelo, and suddenly you had your arms round me, I think, to stop me from barging into those Germans beside us, and that was it. Just that and nothing more. However much you might want to lie about it and twist the facts, I had no intention of anything more. That’s all I have to say,” and satisfied at the veracity of her case, she stopped, for she was drawing a crowd of interested other tourists who were blocking the way of an ambulance that wanted urgently to get past.
Unable to ignore the sudden rise in the clamor coming from the Palio, the dear thing finally thought she had better go back there to find out what was going on. But, dear reader, we all know what it’s like in Siena. The lanes are a rabbit warren of circumlocutions only the most experienced veterans of that medieval maze understand. And so, no matter how she tried, no matter how loud and compelling the noises were from the horse race that she knew to be happening not more than a hundred metres from her very location, she could not find the way there and in fact, dear reader, the sweet young, confused thing became more and more lost and confused and annoyed with every turn she took.
What would this look like to the students at the end of the day when they all assembled at the coach to find her a missing person, unable to look after herself, a stray, unqualified to look after them, unqualified to teach them – a fool in everyone’s eyes – including Harper’s whom she had every intention of chastising black and blue for his absurd prefabrications.
“I’ll text him. No I won’t. He’d think me a fool.
“I’ll text Kayley and tell her not to tell anyone; that I’m here near this big, stripy church. I’ll not tell her I’m lost, but that I want to have a talk, here, in private, with her and Megan about the Sistine Chapel affair, and not to forget the way she gets here. Two birds with one stone,” she said, feeling very proud of herself and starting to tap on her Blackberry.
Harper was in a right radge when the three of them finally struggled onto the coach in the bus park, just as the sun was dropping behind the hills. He waved his thanks to the half dozen policemen outside the bus and addressed the three lost souls.
“I don’t see how three of you together could fail to work out how to cover two hundred and fifty yards of planet earth from here to that stripy church over there.”
“We got lost,” Megan said, heading straight to her seat at the back and her stash of chocolate and crisps.
“We got lost,” Kayley repeated, bravely, daring him to say more, and in that same look telling him that she had a good mind to tell her mother that he had allowed two girls and a novice teacher to walk the alleyways of a foreign city, alone at night, without giving them any guidance at all on how to get in and how to get out of it. Harper knew this look and capitulated, said no more to her, let her squeeze past him in the aisle.
“We got lost,” April said looking extremely foolish and very sorry for holding the bus up three hours while the whole party and police force of Siena scoured the city for them. She hung her head and squeezed past him too, and, if truth be known, a tight squeezing past he had deliberately engineered and looked forward to with great anticipation all evening. She squeezed past him, blushing louder than before and took her seat, next to the aisle, looking rather more delighted than she had a right to. When she looked up at him at last, her eyes expanded with beaming expectation, as if someone had given her a lovely present.
“Delightful,” was all he said for the time being, choking on her smile, gagging on her look, “I’ll tell Elvis Mel it’s time to start trying to start the bus. What with the death and resurrection of that young Italian boy in the Palio; his interment in the local hospital with a broken clavicle, with Kate and Emily and Lynsey and Miss Fitchet at his side until his mother can get here, and you three strays taking up the rest of the police force’s time trying to winkle you out of hiding and bring you back to us, it has been quite an afternoon. I, for one, am going to spend the rest of the trip to Venice asleep in the back of the coach, just as soon as I have debriefed you, Mrs. Oliver. Move over.”
End
But
Look for the sequel, Claiming April, out soon.

