Teaching Tania

(Love is all you need???)

by

James Gault

Copyright 2008 James Gault

Smashwords edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please  purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Chapter 1 Discursive Essays

Dear Tania,

Let me congratulate on your excellent first attempt at a discursive essay.   I am pleased to note that you seem to have recovered from your experiences with the Mafia and your homework was up to your customary standard.   Your spelling and grammar were, as usual, impeccable but I was also impressed by the well thought out structure, the excellent use of paragraphs, the logical flow of your argument and the persuasive ending.   It seems a little mean of me to say this, and I do apologise, but I have one tiny criticism that I feel I must make.   It’s always much better in this sort of thing if your ideas are, well, your own.    For example, in your homework I counted five ‘according to Honza’s, four ‘in  Honza’s opinion’s and one ‘in the words of the great Honza’.

Yes, I did tell you that the judicious use of quotations and citations lends a bit of gravity and credibility to essays of this nature.   But I thought you would have realised that such quotations should come from those enjoying a modicum of respect in the literary or academic world.    In particular, I should counsel you that the appellation ‘in the words of the great’ can only safely be used in the context of a quote from our famous Mr. Shakespeare, whose talent is recognised throughout the whole world.   It is dangerous, for example, to use such terms even when speaking of the works of the American poet Mr. T.S. Eliot, whom you may remember I have already mentioned in our correspondence.   In spite of his eminently sensible defection from the land of his birth, there are still some English teachers or exam markers who do not consider him among the greats, and who regard him with scorn, satisfying no doubt some deeply hidden and latent xenophobic sentiments.   And for exactly the same reasons I must warn you to show some restraint when making quotes from your own admirable Messrs Tolstoy, Dostoevsky, Checkov and Pushkin.

The ‘Honza-isation’ of your homework raises another concern.   Is it your intention that the said ‘Honza’ will replace cats as an object of your affections?    If so, I fear your mother will be less than pleased, especially if you’re thinking of bringing him home as a pet.    There’s nothing more off-putting than falling over a wicker basket full of Honza every time you’re making a cup of tea in the kitchen.   And your Mum will worry about you suffering from ‘puppy love’.   Such first loves are normally of short duration so no doubt Honza will soon suffer the same fate as a discarded Christmas pet, and you will be on the manhunt again.   When this happens, I think you should give some thought to your Mum’s feelings before plunging into an unwise choice.

There are three basic strategies a daughter can employ when choosing a new partner.   

You can deliberately choose someone of whom you are sure your mother will approve.  This might be marvellous for your relationship with your Mum, but could be potentially disastrous for your relationship with the chosen partner.    And it is not so easy to go down this route as you would think.    You think you really know your mother quite well but do you know what kind of boyfriend would really please her?    Such knowledge requires a very careful investigation of her tastes and desires.   Don’t, for example, think that if you choose someone exactly like your father that this will do the trick!   Your Mum, like all married women of a certain age, will have by now discovered every little inadequacy of her spouse, she will be kicking herself for not having made a better choice, and is almost certainly grimly determined that her daughter will do better than she did.   

You could of course take the iconoclastic path and choose someone your mother will absolutely hate.  This is the fashionable choice, usually associated with the nose-ring, multi-coloured hair and gratuitous mutilation of the body, and to be honest it doesn’t seem like your style at all.   There is another problem anyway.   Many Mums are, deep down, really quite sensible and the chances are that if you find a boy that your Mum will hate, you will probably start to hate him yourself after five minutes.    

The other option is to pick someone who suits your fancy and to hell with what your Mum thinks.   This sounds easy but it too is more difficult than you think.   It’s all very well to abandon all parental influences but if you don’t have your Mum for a role model, who will you turn to?    Your probably thinking of some teenager’s or women’s magazine, but you would be in danger of abandoning your inner soul to a faceless organization  whose sole interest is commercial exploitation.   I’m not saying mothers are totally devoid of self-interest in relation to their children, but you can rely on at least a certain level of affection.  In my experience, women journalists would kill their granny for a cup of tea, although, I admit I might be stereotyping here.

But all these difficult choices are for the future.   For the present, I assume you have taken up with Honza for the simple reason that you LIKE him, and this is a perfectly good reason for a schoolgirl infatuation.  Personally, I have only two concerns.   

Firstly, I wouldn’t like this latest adventure to interfere with your considerable progress in the English language, and I want you to absolutely promise me that you will devote at least fifty percent of your time together speaking English.   That way your skills will at least be maintained and Honza’s will certainly improve.

But I’m also a bit concerned about your Mum’s health, or, more precisely, for her continuing state of relative sanity, so could you please, for once, follow my advice carefully?   First of all, refrain from mentioning Honza by name.   If you really must narrate his exploits at the dinner table, refer to him as some boy in my class who sits near me – but not too near – certainly not within touching distance.   And, finally, whatever you do, don’t ever, in any circumstances, let your Mum catch you talking to him,

So always keep a good lookout,

Your teacher,

J.       



Chapter 2. Panic Stations!!

You have 1 SMS messages.
You have 1 SMS messages unread.
Tania, check your e-mails. Urgent.  J.

To : taniam@hotmail.com
From : jteach@english.prague.cz
Subject : VERY IMPORTANT MESSAGE

Tania (the ‘dear’ is inappropriate in the current circumstances),
 
Why do you never do what I tell you?   I have just had your Mum on the phone and I can safely say she is not pleased, I could even go as far as calling her angry, and, to be honest, I could mention the word ‘furious’ without fear of being accused of exaggeration.    It appears that she SAW you with YOU KNOW WHO and you were holding hands again.    This was bad enough, but what apparently brought on the dizzy turn and the fits of trembling was the dream-like gazing into each other’s eyes.   How could you be so stupid?   Everyone knows love is blind but could you perhaps arrange for your version to be blind in only one eye, leaving the other free to keep a look-out for distraught mums hiding behind lampposts and spying on their amorous offspring.    

I was a bit unfortunate to get her phone call.   First of all, she tried to call your Dad but he was in a meeting so naturally she decided to pick on me instead.   

She started off by telling me that in her opinion it was totally inappropriate for eleven-year-olds to harbour romantic notions.   I pointed out that you were both very precocious children, that Honza was already twelve, and that you would be twelve yourself in couple of weeks.   This didn’t appease her at all.   So I suggested she was probably over reacting, and that what she saw was probably no more than an innocent discussion about homework, but she wanted to know why you would need to hold hands to discuss homework.   I muttered something about an experiment in the chemistry of human body contact but for some reason this idea just seemed to get her even more upset.   Then she demanded an explanation of the puppy dog looks you were giving each other.    By this time she was screaming and crying, and I have to admit that I was under lot of pressure so maybe my answers lacked their usual panache and credibility.   My suggestion that you were perhaps reading each other’s thoughts only brought the rather cynical comment that she could well imagine what these thoughts were.

In an attempt to take the heat out of the conversation, I said I was glad she had chosen to phone me, as your Dad had already received more than his fair share of pain as a result of her anger.   This didn’t go down too well either, for she screamed something like “Don’t you worry about him!   I know whose fault all of this is. You don’t imagine Tania got these bad genes from my side of the family.   He’s for it when he gets home from work, I promise you!” and she hung up.   So I immediately phoned your Dad and told him to find some work to keep him very late in the office, and not to go home until he was absolutely certain that his wife was safely in bed, sound asleep and unarmed.

The reason for this e-mail is to warn you to be prepared when your Mum gets home.   You are in deep trouble, so deep that you will need more than a ruse to get out of it, and if I were you I wouldn’t be embarrassed about resorting to a blatant lie.
You probably won’t get away with invoking her unstable psychological condition and claiming she imagined the whole thing.   If you want to save your skin you’ll need to be a bit more inventive than that.  
   
You could begin by admitting that she did see you with one of your classmates of the male species, but he was there in the role of your bodyguard.   Your teacher, having been to the cinema last night for yet another screening of ‘The Godfather’, was suddenly afraid that you could still be in danger from the Mafia and had asked one of the boys in your class – chosen at random and not one you particularly liked, by the way – to escort you home safely.

Or perhaps you could say that it wasn’t Honza she saw you with, and it wasn’t even a boy.   You had been having a dress rehearsal in the drama class and one of the girls who has a cross-gender role in the next pantomime had decided to go home still wearing her make-up and costume.   You just have to hope your mother doesn’t get even more upset because you were holding hands with a girl.       
            
Or, instead of saying it wasn’t Honza, why don’t you say it wasn’t you?   There is a certain clique in your class who is still annoyed at you because their mothers are now so friendly with the teacher that they can get away with nothing these days.   So, to get their revenge, one of them disguised herself as you and then deliberately arranged things so that your Mum would see her in the company of one of the boys, being all lovey-dovey.   Frankly, you’re surprised that your normally astute and intelligent mother would fall for such an obvious trick, and you’re a little disappointed that she doesn’t have more faith in her daughter’s good judgement.

This last one is not such a bad excuse, but it is unfortunately exactly the type of short-sighted, temporary solution so loved by politicians and businessmen, which explains why the world totters from war to war, and from financial crisis to financial crisis.   You, I and perhaps we could also include Honza, are really too clever to fall into the trap of expediency and make such a stupid mistake.   

The problem is that, if your relationship is going to last more than a few minutes, your Mum is bound to catch you in H’s presence again.  What you need to devise, therefore, is a solid, legitimate, long-term, water-tight excuse for having regular encounters with the object of your infatuation, such as a big school homework project.   The details of such an elaborate lie can be your next English homework,

Best of luck,

Your teacher,

J.



Chapter 3. Well done, Tania

Dear Tania,

Congratulations!   I saw your Dad this morning and he was in perfect health with no sign of broken bones or any other injuries.   I don’t of course know exactly what you said to your mother but it obviously worked a treat.   It is very pleasing to note that not only does your English vocabulary, spelling and grammar come on by leaps and bounds, but you are at last beginning to show some signs of real low cunning.   Have you ever thought of a career as a diplomat? 

You may be surprised to learn that I am a secret admirer of diplomats.   Indeed, knowing that I consider politicians to be about as useful as head lice, you are probably even taken aback by this news.   

But, you see, politicians have complete freedom to create their very own lies, something which they do very, very badly.   Diplomats, on the other hand, are saddled with the lies of others, but they communicate them with all the poise and panache of a cat refusing to drink your offer of milk until your back is turned.

“Hello, Mr. Foreign Minister, the Ambassador here!   As you know, we elected a new president yesterday, so I’m just phoning to bring you up-to-date on the revised official line from the White House.   Apparently, your head of state is now a worn-out old despot, aid to your country ceased as from yesterday, and our army is massing on your border ready to keep the peace if there’s even a hint of anything remotely harmful to our national interests.   Now, we are so looking forward to seeing you and your lady wife at the embassy tonight for the big ball.   There will be an orchestra from Vienna and one of our third secretaries has managed to lay his hands on a couple of cases of Chateau Lafitte ’86 so it should be a spiffing do.”   
Ah, what style!

Of course, I cannot say that I admire all members of the diplomatic service.   Find someone with the intelligence of a Czech policeman and the tolerance of an Islamic fundamentalist or a leader of the Klu-Klux-Klan, and you have exactly what it takes to make a perfect Immigration Officer.   

With your superior intelligence and linguistic skills, it is highly likely that in adult life you will travel abroad extensively, and it is as well to warn you now that this will be a traumatic experience.   I am not talking here about the journeys themselves.   In spite of plane delays, hijacks and air disasters, these will be as nothing compared to the hassle of applying for visas.

The first problem you will meet in the visa application process will be finding out where to go.   Don’t imagine you can walk through the welcoming front door of the embassy or consulate, throw up your arms joyfully, and shout
“I’m here for my visa!”
The main door will be locked, and there will be a small sign, written in a language they hope no-one will understand, directing you on a tour of the city and leading you to a dirty back entrance.   

There you will find another sign, half obscured by dirt and neglect, informing you that visas are issued between 10.00 and 10.05 am on the third Thursday of every month with an ‘A’ in it.   As they don’t specify the language to be used for spelling the month, you will have no choice but to turn up at the appointed hour every month until you get lucky.
When you get there, some two hours early to get to the front of the queue, you will find about a hundred people have arrived before you.   You will wait, probably in the rain, until the doors open, some two hours late.   Then you will be ushered, in small groups, into a dirty back courtyard, with no shelter from the driving snow or blazing sun, according to the season.   

Finally you will be admitted, after an intensive body search, into a small room guarded by two enormous soldiers with machine guns. There you will be asked to complete a form written in unintelligible English (or the language of your intended destination) , and be made to hand over a large non-refundable sum of money for what will almost certainly be the privilege of being told you are an unwanted alien.   

Up to this point; I’m sure a tenacious girl like you won’t be put off, but you still have to meet the dreaded Immigration Officers.

The interview will take place in a drab room with a minimum of furniture.   There will be no chair for you to ensure that you don’t get too comfortable.   The two spotlights shining into your eyes won’t help either.   The Immigration Officers will ask their questions in the violently aggressive manner of someone who really wanted to be in the secret service, managing to look bored and at the same time completely distrustful of anything you say. 

At the end of the interview, they will go behind a thin wall to discuss your case in  loud voices so that you are sure to overhear their humiliating comments.   

“What do you think, Peregrine, should we give it to her?”

“Looks a bit shifty to me, Lionel.  I don’t trust women, even young ones..”

“You’re quite right!.”

“And would you take a look at this passport?   It doesn’t even have proper writing.  Just funny shapes. Foreigners, huh!”

“But at least she’s not one of those creatures whose suntan lasts right through the winter.”

“There is that, certainly. But where exactly is she from?”

“Russia.”

“Russia?   Isn’t that where they have those dreadful communist chappies?”

“I believe you’re right.   But I’m not sure if they have them any more.”

“Oh, I say, are you sure?”

“Well, not exactly, but I seem to remember reading something about it in the Times.   I don’t normally read the newsy bit.   Must have been a day when the cricket was rained off.”

 “Better safe than sorry, all the same.   Let’s turn her down anyway.”

“Good idea, old chap. I’ll tell her!”

“Why not me?   You get all the fun.”

“Sorry, old boy, seniority and all that!   Now look here, young miss, we don’t let any old Tom Dick and Harry into jolly old England, and we’re certainly not having a Tania.   So toddle off back to the dark ages and never darken our doorstep again!” 

And, Tania, if you think that this is the worst you’ll ever come across, I’m sorry to have to tell you that the British have one of the most civilized visa application services in the world.   Apparently the French can be particularly nasty and I have heard that the Americans can attain a level of cruelty and discourtesy unmatched by any other nationality.   But I expect it will be some years yet before you have to face such ordeals.   In the meantime, your current problems with your Mum are sufficient good practice for the later trials of adult life.   But this is what growing up is about, isn’t it?

Best wishes,

Your teacher,

J.



Chapter 4. Advice to a distraught mother

Dear Tania’s Mum,

Thank you for your letter.   I note with pleasure that your English grammar and spelling continue to improve, although your handwriting seems to be getting worse.   This could be the first signs of a nervous condition.   If you are also constantly dropping cups of tea and letting wine glasses fall on the floor, these could be significant symptoms.   

While I can understand the reasons for your psychological instability, you have a slight tendency to over-dramatise events.   You may not believe this, but there are many children whose behaviour is much worse than your daughter’s.   You should try to relax more and take these little incidents less seriously.

 I read your letter several times and devoted a considerable time to reflection on its contents.   Ideally, I would have liked to advise you to ignore your daughter’s relationship with Honza, this being a normal phase which almost all children go through without any lasting physical or emotional damage.   However, in your daughter’s case, I am forced to agree that a certain amount of circumspection on your part would not be out of place. Do you know the English word ‘impetuous’?  If not, look it up in a good dictionary, because I’m afraid it describes your daughter to a ‘T’. 

On the other hand, while I feel the situation merits keeping a discrete eye on her, I do not approve of outright spying.   Even children are entitled to certain civil liberties.   

So I think you should take the Traffic Policeman’s outfit back to the Fancy Dress Shop.   First of all it’s immoral to resort to such subterfuges, and secondly, it’s not very convincing – the idea of a small slim woman like you being a fascist thug just doesn’t hold water.    And wandering about town in a false moustache carrying a newspaper with a hole in the middle is only going to get you arrested.

Nor do I support your idea of the private detective.   The problem is that your knowledge of private detectives is restricted to amiable amateurs like Mr. Holmes or the lovable Miss Marples from our famous Mrs. Christie.   These are excellent examples of this genre of literature but they are somewhat lacking in realism.   May I recommend the novels of the American writers Mr. Raymond Chandler and Mr. Dashiel Hammet?   You will find their language a trifle brash and disturbing, but they do present a realistic picture of the personality of the typical private investigator.   On reading their works, you will soon come to the conclusion that there is perhaps no-one less suitable to be put in contact with an innocent twelve-year-old girl.

In any case, I see no point in pursuing activities of surveillance only.   If you are seeking a long-term solution to your problem, you need to take firm and positive action to cool the friendship between your daughter and the gallant young Honza.

Forbidding them from seeing each other is unlikely to work.   Experience has proved over and over again that such action only serves to strengthen the unwanted bonds.    And, in your case, such a restriction would be impractical, as both children are in the same class at school.

Friendship is based on the pursuit of common interests and herein lies the secret of breaking up their relationship.   At the moment they are both interested in cultural and educational activities, like music, literature, poetry, art, languages and computers, and they share a genuine desire to maximize the benefits of education. 

So here’s what you have to do.   Buy Tania a full collection of boring repetitive pop records with no melody and a lot of bass and drums.   Make her go to the hairdresser’s twice a month, and encourage the copious use of multi-coloured dyes.     I haven’t noticed if she has had her ears pierced, but, if not, get it done right away and throw in the lips, nose and eyebrows for good measure.   Eulogise on the high fashion value of torn leather clothing.   And spend hours talking to her about the joys of the expressive use of make-up in strong primary colours.   I can promise you that Honza will soon become disenchanted with the reconstituted Tania.

The problem is that you may not like this transformation too much yourself, but, whenever love is involved, someone has to make a few sacrifices.

Of course, you could keep the Tania you know and (sometimes) love, and try to change Honza instead.    But this would be more difficult as he doesn’t actually live with you.

All in all, I think the best thing is to let time take care of the situation.   In the meantime, keep your eyes and ears open.   Should you, for example, find piles of ‘Bride and Home’ magazines under Tania’s bed, fell free to get in touch with me again right away,



Wishing you continued improvement in your mental condition,

Tania’s teacher,

J.



Chapter 5  A first lover’s quarrel

From : jteach@english.prague.cz
To :	honzatheromeo@hotmail.com
Subject:  NO!  NO!  NO!  NO!

Hi Honza,

I’m afraid I need your help, and it’s urgent.   I’ve just finished today’s lesson with Tania.   We were working on unusual and rather elegant conditional structures, and she was giving me some examples.
If I were to go to Gretna Green, I could get married without my parent’s permission.
Were I to elope with Honza, Scotland would be a good place to choose.
Should we run off to Scotland, our parents couldn’t stop us.

My problem is that I was so impressed by Tania’s wonderful grasp of these poetic grammatical structures that I didn’t really pay any attention to the content of what she was saying.   It was only after she had left that the awful truth dawned on me.   Obviously, we can’t let her go ahead with this latest brainstorm, and this is where you come in.

So, basically, when Tania turns up on your doorstep with her backpack full of toothbrushes, pyjamas and soft cuddly teddy bears, a radiant smile on her face, and brandishing coach tickets to Edinburgh, I’m relying on you to say NO.   This will be difficult, but ‘a man’s gotta do what a man’s gotta do’.   I apologise profusely my uncharacteristic lapse into a horrible American cliché, but I have a point to make.

I warn you that if you succumb to her demands, the consequences will be dire.   The last time she tried such a trick, her mother, with absolutely no experience whatsoever, managed to embroil the police and the army.   Now, being well practiced in the art of retrieving wayward children, she will undoubtedly make an appeal for a UN special force.   Let’s hope she doesn’t get on the line to the US president, or we’ll all be bombed out of existence.

I’m terribly sorry to land this on you, as it will be your first lover’s quarrel.   My normal advice to young men is such circumstances is to give in gracefully, as they have no chance of coming out the winner anyway.   In your case, however, failure is a luxury you can’t afford.   It’s a shame for you, but life deals everyone a hard blow from time to time.

Confrontation is therefore unavoidable, and I’m afraid you are about to discover an unexpected and not too pleasant aspect of Tania’s character.    Please resist the temptation to blame her too much, she cannot help it as she is, after all, a woman, even if in the embryonic stage.   She is therefore in the relentless grip of her hormonal changes, so all tendency to rational and logical thinking will have flown out the window.   

So there is really no point in resorting to reasoned argument, which will get you absolutely nowhere.   For example,
YOU – We don’t have a visa for the UK;
SHE – So you really don’t love me after all
YOU – They won’t let us get married at twelve years old, even in Scotland
SHE – So you really don’t love me after all
YOU – How would we get money to live, we’re too young to work?
SHE – So you really don’t love me after all
Et cetera.
In this situation, recourse to the principles of logical thinking is totally inappropriate.   You need to fight fire with fire.   So, when you see Tania standing there at your door with her little rucksack and her plastic bag of fruit, bread and cheese for the journey, get in there quick before she has the chance to open her mouth.
“Listen babe, we ain’t going to Scotland to tie the knot and that’s it!”
The American accent is unfortunately obligatory.   Who could believe such rubbish spoken in any other accent?

To carry this scene off successfully, you must also have the right costume.   Denim jacket and jeans are good, but if you have a T-shirt, judiciously torn to reveal bulging chest muscles, this would be better.   And a suitable inscription on the front, for example “ Strakonice Strongman Contest 2001 – Winner”, would be ideal.

I apologise again for forcing you to do this, but I’m afraid it’s necessary.   In a way you could regard it as an honour to have so much responsibility thrust on you at such an early age.   But the Americans are waiting in the wings, B52 engines running and impatient fingers poised over red buttons, waiting that momentous phone call from Tania’s Mum.

Your country needs you!

Tania’s teacher,

J.



Chapter 6 Tania’s new friend

Dear Tania,

First of all, can I congratulate you on your wise decision to abandon your intended trip to Scotland?   All of us are extremely relieved and your Mum’s health will be so much the better as a result.   I too have noticed that Honza often talks a lot of sense, albeit sometimes in an American accent, and I’ve even thought of mentioning his calming influence on you to your Mum.   But perhaps she’s not quite ready for that yet.

Thank you for another nice piece of homework, well up to your usual high standards in grammar and spelling.   And I commend you on an unusual and interesting approach to the theme I gave you.   When I asked you to write about life in a foreign country I naturally expected you to base your essay on your own experiences here in Prague, and I was quite surprised that you chose to write about someone else.

It’s very nice for you to have a new friend in your class, and an English native speaker too.   Pity she’s an American, but I’m sure you’ll be able to help her with her spelling and grammar.   

And, being a couple of years older than you, Ruthie could be the ideal friend.   All girls, once they reach a certain age, have an inbuilt and undeniable need to discuss things which can only be discussed among women.   They call it ‘girl talk’, I believe.    Being a man, of course I don’t know what these things are, but I have definite evidence that they exist.   For example, I have often optimistically approached a group of female humans talking and gesticulating animatedly, only to find that as soon I am within earshot, they either shut up completely or begin talking in an exaggeratedly loud voice about the weather or TV soaps.

While I remain ignorant of the exact details of these hidden topics of conversation, I am certain that we are not concerned here with the kind of subject about which you can have a tête-à-tête with your mother.   But a friend a couple of years older and consequently a modicum more experienced in life would seem to be ideal.   Only, being an American, I would not rely too much on any significant quantity of tact or discretion on her part.   Of course, I may be stereotyping again, but better safe than sorry.

I was also impressed by the determination of you and your classmates to welcome her into your fold and ensure that she feels completely at home right away.   In general, I approve of your plans for helping integrate her into life in a foreign land.   There is one aspect, however, against which I must counsel you strongly.               

I know that you are happy with Honza, and that it must pain you to think that there are others in this world who are not lucky enough to share the same kind of happiness.   Lovers of course want the whole world to be in love, but it is an unrealistic ambition.   And you will find that trying to pair up the unpaired population is a painful and thankless task.    In most cases, thankfully, you will fail completely.   In the rare case where you are successful, for the first five minutes the starry-eyed couple will think you are a marvellous matchmaker.  But when the first dispute arrives both of the parties will turn on you and you will be transformed instantaneously into a tiresome troublemaker.

And indeed, apart from getting no thanks for all your trouble, procuring the perfect partner for anyone including your new friend Ruthie is far from the easiest of tasks, and one in which you have no real experience.   Have you, for example, ascertained if she is yet ‘ready for love?’

Before embarking on a scheme to pair up Ruthie, this is something you must find out.   Has she yet been through the ‘hopeless adoration’ stage yet?   

It is almost mandatory that, before a girl can get her romantic talons into real flesh and blood, she has to undergo a period of apprenticeship where she experiences an intense infatuation with some unattainable idol.   This is usually a film or pop star with a minimal amount of both talent and facial hair. Having disgusting social habits often adds to the idol’s attractiveness.   But the strangest thing about this phenomenon, and something which I take pains to point out when describing it to my young male students, is this.   The girls don’t seem to mind sharing this unreachable icon with millions of others, but, when they later move onto the real thing, they inexplicably adopt a completely selfish and possessive attitude to their new acquisition.   

The disease of ‘hopeless adoration’ is invariably manifested in an abundance of colour pictures torn carefully from teenage magazines and hung lovingly on the sufferer’s bedroom wall.   (True love, of course, is much more discrete.   You yourself probably only have a small passport sized photo of Honza tucked into the back of your purse.   Don’t let your mother find it!)   

So, my advice is don’t be in a hurry to push Ruthie in the way of true love until you’ve had a chance to inspect her bedroom decoration.

Your teacher,

J.



Chapter 7  Something going on in the classroom

Dear Alena,

Thanks for your letter.   I am amazed how quickly your English has improved since I stopped teaching you in hospital.   I can see you took my advice to begin an intensive programme of reading English literature in English.  Your decision to begin with the Complete Works of Shakespeare has lent a quaint touch to your use of grammar which is quite charming really.    I should point out, however, that it is not absolutely essential when writing English to restrict yourself to non-rhyming iambic pentameter.   And, as a teacher, I wouldn’t insist on it from my students, except perhaps the most talented, like Tania.    

As to the content of your letter, I did find it a bit troubling.    The presumption of innocence is an underlying principle of all democratic judicial systems, even if police, judges and lawyers find it too irksome to actually apply in practice.   However, I feel that we, as ordinary people, ought to set an example in the interests of upholding our own civil liberties.   But, as we have often had cause to remark, Tania is an exceptional circumstance, and so, when you say that you are “sure Tania had something to do with it”, it is with a saddened heart that I have to agree with you.

However, I do have some concrete evidence implicating her in the recent events which you mention, so perhaps we should feel less guilty.       

First of all, you may have notice that Tania and a certain other member of your body of pupils, a person of the opposite sex from both Tania and yourself, have of late been sharing a relationship which you might describe as exceedingly chummy.   No, in fact, ‘chummy’ is a rather insipid choice of word, we’re talking here of the sort of mindless infatuation which convinces me that Tania could be exposed to one of the works of our late celebrated Mrs Cartland without actually being physically sick.    

One of the by-products of her unstable state of mind is that she seems to want to inflict her affliction onto everyone currently lacking an established romantic connection.   She is currently looking for a partner for her new friend Ruthie, but obviously she is not prepared to stop at just one victim.    During our last lesson , she happened to remark on the lack of apparent indications of a ‘Mr Cerny’ –either current or prospective.   She went on to ask me if I could describe to her the details of the decoration of your bedroom.   You probably have no idea what she was getting at, but when she expressed a specific interest in the existence or otherwise of pop or film star posters on your walls, I knew exactly what was going through her head.

So when you told me of the epidemic of minor technical faults in your classroom, and the succession of young Adonises who have been arriving to fix them, I wasn’t the least surprised.    That feeling of thirty pairs of wide-open eyes watching expectantly every aspect of your interaction with these workmen was, unfortunately, entirely justified.   Your whole class must be in on it.   I only hope you treated all of the repairmen with cool reserve, or you are likely to find yourself sharing an unwanted candlelit dinner with someone whose intellect is stretched by changing the wires in an electrical plug.   Tania is nothing if not effective. 

So what can you do about it?   The problem is that Tania and Honza seem to have embarked on a pre-pubescent romantic relationship which, deprived of the usual hormonal influences, seems to have all the signs of remaining pleasant and stable for some time.   In a couple of years or so, the hormones will no doubt kick in, the quarrels and tears will follow, and they’ll soon forget about sharing their anguish with anyone else. But, in the meantime, can you stand being presented with a stream of suitors chosen by eager early teenagers, however well meaning?   Worse, will you be able to sustain your sanity when your every romantic endeavour is closely scrutinised  by thirty expectant fans?

I’m afraid the only thing to do is to have a quick look round, find someone vaguely suitable quickly, and marry him right away.   Inviting the thirty troublemakers to form a guard of honour at the wedding should then satisfy the worst of their curiosity, and if you could arrange a baby fairly soon after, this will almost be guaranteed to bring you peace.

My wife and I are looking forward to an invitation to the celebration.   It will be the first Czech wedding we have attended.

Good luck with the Shakespeare,

Tania’s other teacher,

J.       



Chapter 8 A plea for help

Dear Problem Page,

You cannot begin to imagine how painful it is for me to be reduced to writing this letter.   I am a teacher, a pedagogue, an instructor, a trainer, a mentor, a purveyor of information, ideas, and counsel to those younger and less intelligent than myself, (which, on both counts, is most of the population).   Giving advice is my trade, and may I say also my great strength, and I am distraught to find I have sunk so low that I have to ask you for some.   What can have brought me to such a sorry state?

‘What’ is in fact a ‘who’ and it is one of my students, a twelve year old girl who is still bright, intelligent, hard-working and perceptive, and who was, before, also fun and a pleasure to teach.   Before?   Before what?   Before Honza, that’s what!   Or, more correctly, that’s who!

If I tell you that Tania, ‘B.H.’, arranged successfully to keep both parents in hospital continuously for six weeks, to throw the whole of the Czech police force into disarray, to capture a pair of top-ranking mafia hoodlums more or less single-handedly, and to make page one of the major dailies and the prime-time TV news, you will understand that we are talking here of a girl with considerable talent who was never boring to teach.

But all of this, sadly, is history.   Tania has found romance, and, quite frankly, it’s nauseating.   And boring!   Never before did I stop to consider what the world would be like without a little bit of hate.    To be honest, it seemed to me that such a scenario was so unrealistic and improbable that the contemplation of it  would be a total waste of time, even for a philosophy professor in need of distraction.   Boy, how my eyes have been opened!

Have you ever, for example, tried to have a meaningful, intelligent conversation with
someone who smiles sweetly all the time and agrees with everything you say?   Such conversations tend to be short, and I can only add mercifully short.    You could count on Tania ’B.H.’ for a good going argument.   I don’t know how many more soporific lessons I will be able to stand with Tania ‘A.H.’ agreeing contendedly to the most outrageous ideas I put forward.

But boredom isn’t the worst thing.   She now thinks she’s absolutely perfect, and she’s so sanctimonious about it.   She and Honza worship each other and she thinks this is the norm for a relationship.   She has even gone so far to suggest, with a winsome smile of course, that perhaps I don’t pay enough attention to my wife.    Who does she think she is, giving me advice?   Who’s the teacher here, anyway?   O.K., so I forgot my wife’s birthday, once.  The other thirty five times I remembered don’t count?

And I’m not the only one suffering.   Her parents are having a hard time too.   Can you imagine a man and wife, sitting quietly on the sofa, a respectable distance apart for a middle-aged married couple, when their daughter creeps up behind them, drapes the husband’s arm over the wife’s shoulder, and stares at them as if she’s posing for a portrait of the Madonna?   Or can you appreciate how irritating it is for a working husband not to be able to go to work in the morning without being reminded to ‘kiss Mum goodbye’?

Her school teacher is also in the firing line.   She used to be a typical modern single girl – happy, popular, outgoing.   Now, she’s practically a recluse.   She makes her way along the street, from lamppost to lamppost, her eyes darting wildly from side to side, fearful of a meeting with one of her pupils.   She’s met every big brother, uncle, and friend of my father, all of whom are ‘single, just like you miss’.   The worst, of course, are the ‘big sister’s ex-boyfriends’.   Does she look like the kind of girl who needs someone else’s hand-me-downs? 

Frankly, all of this has to stop, and this is where you come in.   I’m not asking you to break up the great love affair, but could you at least get them to keep it to themselves.   

If you do this small thing for me, I promise to be your devoted friend and supporter for life.   Only, can we please have a small argument from time to time, for the sake of my sanity?

Please, please help,

Troubled Teacher

Prague

Czech Republic.



Chapter 9  TV review

Dear Tania,

I saw you last night on the BBC World Service and may I commend you on your excellent English.   Your grammar was perfect, your pronunciation impeccable, and your use of vocabulary excellent.    Indeed, may I say that that the quality of your English language far exceed that of your interviewer.   I’m afraid that the BBC, like many other old and previously respected British institutions, notably the Health Service and the public transport system, is in a stage of rapidly declining standards.

I am not talking about the variety of accents which are now commonplace on our airwaves.    Cultural diversity is fine, and the old BBC peopled only with Oxbridge pronunciation was both elitist and snobbish.   What really worries me is the degradation of our fine British language into the degenerate version which the French, with their customary care and insight in linguistic matters, rightly call ‘American’.

One, but not the only, particularly worrying example of this is the blatant disregard for the use of prepositions.   I know they are only tiny little words, but they have a job to do.   In New York things happen Friday, in London they happen on Friday.   These media people obviously don’t realize the disastrous consequences that the loss of prepositions will have on our society.   

For example, you are ready to go to work and you ask your spouse,
“Where is my briefcase?”
to which she replies
“Table”.
You now have to dedicate precious minutes to investigating, ‘on the table’, ‘near the table’, ‘under the table’, ‘in front of the table’ etc..   Multiply this sorry scenario by ten, to allow for your sandwiches, your car keys, your house keys, your office keys, your mobile phone and so on.   As a result, the total working population will be about one hour late for work every day.    If you consider the similar situation occurring at the end of the working day you can calculate that we are talking here of about a twenty five percent reduction in the productivity of British industry and commerce.   And you can lay the blame for the subsequent decline in living standards right at the doorstep of these BBC TV journalists who obviously have a subliminal desire to work for CNN instead and a earn massive amounts of money.   The Director General of the BBC ought to get off his backside and doing something about this right now, before the whole country goes down the drain.

In fact, given this evidence of his incompetence, the head of the BBC would do well to resign right now, and leave the way clear for someone with a genuine love for the integrity of the English language.   Indeed, in this regard, the person who springs to mind is your good self, Tania.   While the appointment of a twelve year old Russian of the female gender might raise eyebrows in some quarters (the job has previously only been held by a man) desperate situations call for desperate measures.   

I know you may never have thought of such a career, but can I say that it is infinitely preferable to the path you are currently treading, because, while the form of your televisual communication was excellent, the content was frankly frightening.   Logic would seem to indicate that nothing could be more innocuous than an advocate of world peace and universal brotherly love.   If only life was a simple as Einstein’s General Theory of Relativity or Quantum Mechanics.   The real world is unfortunately much more complex than advanced theoretical physics, and consists of unbelievably intricate and unfathomable things.   I could cite, by way of example, international relationships between supposedly civilized countries, the workings of the female psyche and the internal machinations of the Windows (trademark Microsoft) operating system.    

It is thus true that in the face of all logic, a proselytiser of world peace and brotherhood, far from being welcomed as the saviour of mankind, is seen as its most dangerous enemy.    A few quick seconds of historical reflection are enough to confirm this.   Remember, for example, the fates of Jesus Christ, Mahatma Ghandi and Martin Luther King. 

So, what I’m trying to say is that, as a result of your twenty seconds of TV stardom, you have succeeded in putting yourself in the situation known to the American Secret Service (and therefore everyone else) as ‘clear and present danger’.   You are now a target for all clandestine political, economic and religious fanatical factions with a point to make.    The only good thing about this situation is that your Mum hasn’t yet realised the implications, and is basking in the warm reflected glow of your fleeting moment of fame.   I’m certainly not going to point out the threat to her and I don’t advise you to do so either.   We have enough on our plate without having your mother back in the nuthouse.

The thing is, what’s to be done?    My first thought was to seek police protection, but we’re talking here about the Czech Police, and they would probably kill you themselves by accident.   I also had the idea that you could go into hiding, but I can’t think of a way of doing it without your Mum having to find out.   Another possibility would be a public renunciation.   You go back on TV and confess that when you said that if we all stopped fighting and started to really love each other, the world would be a happier and more peaceful place, you were of course completely off your rocker.   Thanks to your treatment in the psychiatric unit of the local hospital, and the patience and counsel of older and wiser people like politicians, businessmen from the international weapons industry, and leaders of the world’s major religions, your sanity has now been restored and you can see clearly that such an idea is untenable.   However, although I have often written to you about the essentially pragmatic nature of truth, I would not be disappointed, and perhaps even pleased, if you found such a lie too much of an affront to your integrity.

I have come to the conclusion that in your case there is only one viable solution.   You must join the secret service.    In the current political climate, the CIA are probably overstaffed with Russian agents left over from the Cold War, but I believe the KGB are still active, and I’m sure your intelligence and language skills would be attractive to it.    Given your tender age, you will probably be employed as a ‘sleeper’, which means that you will be held in reserve for use in much later years.   In this way your mother need not know anything, and you will be benefiting from the protection of an organization which still counts for something in the dirty dark world of espionage.

Whatever you do, I think it is imperative that you get the protection of some organization behind you, and I urge you to take appropriate steps now.    I, of course, will help you in any way I can

See you at our next lesson,

J.



Chapter 10. Minutes of the inaugural meeting of the LAW-HA-FLACE

Name of Society : League Against World Hatred And For Love Among Children Everywhere.
Founders. Tania and Honza
Chair girl : Tania
Minutes:
The chair girl welcomed the audience and thanked them for their attendance.   Someone thanked her for the lemonade and American cookies so kindly prepared by her and her friend Ruthie.     She told them they should enjoy the victuals provided, but she hoped they had been motivated to come by a higher force than the thought of a free bun-fight.  

The chair girl then went on to explain her motivation in calling the meeting, and the aims and objectives of the organization she intended to form.   She told the assembly of the contentment and happiness she had been feeling since she had become aware of the intelligence, worthiness and masculine beauty of her trusted friend and consort, Honza, The said Honza was requested to affirm that the euphoric feeling was mutual.   Honza, his face an endearing shade of beetroot, concurred with an inaudible whisper and a barely perceptible nod of the head.   She then went on to mention Mr. J, her exceptionally gifted and talented English teacher whom she had to thank for pointing out the need for such an organization.   She wished to set up an institution to promote world-wide – she repeated the words ‘world-wide’ several times, with an oratorical confidence designed to draw gasps of amazement from her listeners – to promote world wide the same joy, happiness and feeling of well-being that she herself – and her constant companion Honza (more blushes) – were currently experiencing.

A discussion ensued about the proposed name of the organization.   It was suggested that it was perhaps a bit long and cumbersome, but the chair girl pointed out that there was no point in sacrificing clarity for brevity.   She did so with such force and determination that no-one, not even the one exceptionally gifted and talented English teacher present, dared to oppose her, so the proposed name of the society was adopted unanimously.    Some time was then devoted to practising the accepted way of pronouncing the acronym of the chosen name.   With practice, the name in fact became even pleasantly rhythmic and musical, and someone suggested that it might be a good idea to compose a club song, featuring the name in a sort of hip-hop funky rap setting.    This was met with general acclamation, and a sub-committee was formed to produce this work.

The question of a constitution was raised, and the chair girl informed us that she had already prepared one which she hoped, - and at this point she stopped speaking and looked at us pointedly – would prove acceptable to all of us.   A small freckled-faced red haired boy then stood up and begged  our clever and pretty chairperson to read her proposal to us, and was later rewarded for his initiative with a place on the executive council of the group.

Membership of the league was to be open to all children, of whatever race, creed, religion, and no matter which football team or pop group they favoured.   When the presence of the previously mentioned exceptionally gifted and talented but unfortunately adult English teacher was pointed out, it was proposed, seconded and unanimously carried that a limited number of life honorary memberships could be granted to exceptionally gifted and talented English teachers of any age, at the absolute discretion of the chair girl, naturally.

One dissenter spoke up in a somewhat aggrieved voice.  While claiming to be a wholehearted supporter of equality of race, colour and creed, he felt that positive discrimination was a violation of these principles, and he wanted to know why this the constitution referred to a chair girl and not a chairperson.   The freckled-face red-haired boy who had earlier ingratiated himself made a further attempt to secure an elevated position in the organization by remarking that, while none of us could of course envisage the demise of our clever and pretty current chair girl, it would be perhaps be prudent to cater for unforeseen future changes and change the wording to chair person, and he terminated his discourse by flashing his silver-tinged dental appendages at the entire assembly.   A member of the audience wearing a ’Save the Panda’ button badge raised the possibility of a future chair-frog or chair-cow, and it was agreed that the simple term ‘chair’ would be sufficient to designate the role.    

The meeting moved on to the need for a committee, and the requirement for the election of such a committee by an equitable democratic process.   Tania pointed out that she had, of course, taken the chair merely to facilitate the beginning of proceedings, and would now stand down to allow the meeting to select an appropriate leader.   Before she had a chance to finish what she was saying, ‘red hair and freckle-face’ jumped up again to propose her as a worthy, clever and pretty leader of our fledgling enterprise.   Honza, eyeing him with a rather suspicious frown, immediately seconded her nomination and she was elected unanimously.   
   
At this point Honza, who was sitting beside your extremely gifted and talented writer of this minute , whispered that we seemed to have lost the whole point of the meeting and become bogged down in bureaucracy, and  the extremely gifted and talented English teacher whispered back that this was the unfortunate fate of all promising organizations, irrespective of whether they have social or political aims.          

A discussion ensued as to the ideal composition of a committee.   The need for a spokesperson was identified, and the red-haired freckle-faced orator immediately proposed that our ‘democratically elected clever and pretty chair girl’ was by far the most suitable person for this position too.   I heard Honza murmur ‘Toady’ under his breath, and he gave the spotty one a dark look which would have caused a less sensitive person to disappear through the floor.  Then, with unexpected diplomatic flair, he announced that he had to concur with his little red-headed spotty colleague and that our exceptionally brilliant and beautiful new leader had adequately demonstrated her suitability for this post by her recent successful TV appearance.   Everyone present agreed and Tania found herself the joint holder of the two most important roles in the society.  

The next post to be decided was that of secretary.   The red-haired one jumped to his feet again, but Tania quickly announced that she appreciated the trust and confidence of her members, but that she could not really accept all the positions of authority, and that it was only fair that some other people have an opportunity.   Freckled-faced ‘Toady’, not knowing who else was in a position to reward his simpering support, sat down again with a bewildered look which brought a wide smile to Honza’s face. Following a suitable embarrassing pause, Tania herself suggested that a certain exceptionally gifted and talented English teacher would be just perfect for this role.   In the absence of other nominations, this eminently qualified candidate was adopted, and as a result the group enjoys the pleasure of extremely lucid and well-written minutes, an example of which you are in the process of reading.
Honza was chosen as finance officer, as his prowess in mathematics and information science was known to all present, most of them being, in fact, his classmates from school.   Three general committee members without portfolio were also elected, ‘Toady’ among them.   Several sub-committees were set up and staffed from volunteers with a variety of levels of enthusiasm, to take care of such activities as ‘organization of demonstrations’, ‘speech writing’,  ‘written communication with heads of state’ and ‘provision of coffee and cakes at group events’.   The direction of this last group was entrusted to Tania’s new American friend Ruthie, who had demonstrated her culinary skills in the preparation of the cookies.

Tania in her role of chair girl was on the point of closing an eminently successful gathering when the newly appointed secretary took the step of addressing the meeting directly on a matter which he considered of the utmost importance.   In a moving and eloquent speech, totally worthy of such an exceptionally gifted and talented English teacher, he convinced his enthralled listeners of the dangers to which extensive media coverage exposed their newly elected and much loved chair- and spokes- person.   So convincing were his arguments that a security sub-committee was immediately formed, and the democratically elected leader of this committee, known to his classmates as Big George,  announced to a cheering crowd that ‘if those with evil intents think that an organization dedicated to the elimination of hatred and the propagation of worldwide love and peace cannot kick the hell out of anyone stupid enough to threaten their leader, they have another think coming.’

The meeting closed at 6.30pm and was followed by an informal reception at which the lemonade and buns so generously provided by the chair- and spoke-person were gratefully consumed.   This social event passed off without incident, apart from a short scuffle in the gents’ toilet, from which a smiling Honza emerged followed by a less than happy freckled-faced red-haired newly-elected bloody-nosed committee member.   



Chapter 11. Some help with a letter

Dear Tania,

First of all, can I congratulate on the professional and competent way you handled the meeting yesterday?   Had it been an English oral examination, I am sure you would have come out with absolutely top grades.  And, as you were in the process of founding an international organisation, it was an excellent idea to conduct the meeting in English.   I noted with pleasure that your classmates had no difficulty with the language, thanks no doubt to the excellent work being done by your class teacher Alena.   She is one of my most capable students, and has obviously benefited from my coaching, both in English language and in teaching techniques.

Alena is extremely proud of your decision to establish the league.   Not only does it demonstrate social awareness on the part of her pupils, but it means that your attention has been distracted from your relentless quest to find her a partner.   She is looking forward to resuming a normal life, and has been washing and ironing her disco dresses.   

Incidentally, it strikes me that Alena would be an excellent member of LAW-HA-FLACE and as an English teacher she would qualify under article 5, clause 3 of the constitution.   I can sympathise with your desire to restrict membership to children.   It is difficult to think of a single example of a successful organisation run by adults in any field.    However there are some lucky adults who have managed to retain in adult life the excellent characteristics of childish behaviour.   My wife has frequently pointed out that I am one of them.   And in my view your school teacher has also resisted the corruption of ideals and the adoption of cynical greed which is euphemistically termed ‘growing up’.   So I think you should give serious consideration to offering her honorary membership.    

You may be wondering why I am so keen to introduce more adults into the league.   It is not due to a need to have someone of my own age to talk to, your school teacher is much closer to your age than mine.   It is because your group will have to face up to the sad fact that all adults, without exception, suffer from the affliction of prejudice.   This may be a surprise to you. You have been exposed to the sanctimonious speeches of saintly grown-ups lecturing you on equality, fair treatment for everyone, religious tolerance, and the integration of foreign immigrants into society.    You may even have believed this, although I have warned you on many occasions of the hypocrisy which descends on human beings at the age of about twenty.   Even I have not escaped, because, as you know, I have a not entirely justified prejudice against citizens of the United States of America, in particular with regard to their linguistic skills.

Prejudice due to race, nationality and religion receives a lot of publicity, but there is one prejudice which is common to all adults, except a very few like me.   It is an absolute scandal that this prejudice is totally ignored by the media, but what can we expect when adults control our TV, radio, and newspapers.  I am talking about prejudice against children.   It is a sad fact that as a children-only organisation you will be patronised mercilessly, and have no chance of being taken seriously.   This is why when you come across suitable adults like myself and Alena, you must recruit hem immediately as token grown-ups, and hold them up as shining examples to the misguided post-adolescent world.   It is the only way to maintain your credibility.  
  
Turning to another topic, I’m very pleased to hear that you have already received so much fan mail following your TV appearance, especially since most of it is in English.   You’ll have so much practice in reading and writing now.   Be careful with your writing though, and pay attention to your grammar and your spelling.   Naturally we want to recruit all your fans to the ’cause’, so I enclose membership forms and brochures which I have prepared for the LAW-HA-FLACE and which you can send to your fans..

I sympathise with your problem of those ‘difficult’ letters that you received, and I have given much thought as to the best way to deal with them.   I have therefore prepared a standard letter, which you can adapt easily to each individual case.   It is as follows.

Dear Mr, Mrs, Ms XXXX (I don’t recommend the use of first names with this type of correspondent)
I acknowledge receipt of your letter, which I have read with my customary polite care although without any pleasure.   You will note from my reply that I have desisted from replying in the tone in which your correspondence was couched, and I hope you will note that this is a manifestation both of my philosophy of world peace and the mannerly fashion in which I have learned to conduct myself under the guidance of my extremely gifted and talented English teacher.    I can only hope you will be influenced by my magnanimity and good manners and resolve to turn over a new leaf yourself.

In reply to your comments, may I first of all say that your English grammar was atrocious/mediocre/acceptable (delete as appropriate) and your spelling was abysmal/disconcerting/passable (delete again as appropriate).    Your vocabulary skills can only be described as totally inappropriate, and I often found examples in which your comprehension of the true meanings of words seemed sadly lacking.  If I could be permitted to bring your attention to one particular three-word phrase, for example, I could point out that - 
one,  I am rather a happy person and often seen smiling,
two,  I am in fact rather tall for my age, and
three, my parents had been married contentedly for several years before the happy event of my birth.   
However, the level of your English language skills was not my main concern about your letter.

Every one is of course entitled to hold their own opinions, and indeed the free expression of such opinions is a fundamental right of citizens in a democratic society.   Please do not think, therefore, that I bear you any ill-will for not agreeing with me.   All the same, may I respectfully bring to your attention some inaccuracies which followed your rather eloquent, if a bit vulgar, denunciation of my ideas?   Your allusion to my IQ was totally erroneous, and indeed you understated this by a factor of about twenty.   As for you, I of course am in no position to assess your level of intelligence, but from the content of your letter I can readily put your reading age at about four and a half, but this is a piece of information I am discreet enough to keep to myself.   As to your assertion that I am an uneducated little brat, could I modestly point out that I have read and memorised all twenty volumes of Encyclopaedia Britannica and The Complete Works of Shakespeare, in the original English and in the other three languages which I speak fluently?   This doesn’t necessarily mean I am always right, but I think my opinions have as much right to respect as those of someone who decides to label them as ‘stoopid and  kray-zee’.       

Moving on to the second paragraph of your epistle, I regret to inform you that I find myself unable to accept your advice, however well intentioned.   Some of your suggestions seem positively dangerous.   While I am tolerably good swimmer, the requirements of survival in a raging torrent are a bit out of my depth, if you’ll excuse the pun.   And although boiling oneself in oil may be an edifying and even uplifting experience, I really cannot see any good ever coming of it.   So I beg you not to be offended if I pass up on your interesting list of ‘should’s and ‘ought to’s.

Finally, let me thank you for the prognostications for my future with which you ended your communication.   A little example of fortune telling always raises a smile, even from one as obviously untalented in the field as yourself.   If I can return your advice with some of my own, if you have been contemplating a career as some sort of forecaster, I would forget it if I were you.   Unless of course you had economic forecasting in mind, as they too are always completely wrong.   The notion of the oceans opening up and swallowing me, for example, is a rather romantic and dramatic image, but has little probability of ever coming true.     

So, to conclude, let me thank you again sincerely for your letter.   I apologise that I did not find it as useful or relevant to me as you had perhaps hoped, but I would not like you to think you had wasted your time.   My English teacher always says that time spent practising writing skills is never wasted,

Yours respectfully and above all sincerely,
Tania 
Founding Chair girl and Spokesperson, 
LAW-HA-FLACE 

I think, Tania, that this little note will do the trick with the more unpleasant elements from your mailbox.   I don’t recommend enclosing LAW-HA-FLACE membership forms with these replies, though.    

The very existence of these letters is disquieting.   You can see now that I was not wrong in warning you that your initiative would not be universally accepted as a good thing, and that people are unfortunately more readily motivated to action by hate than by love.   We do need to do more for your safety and protection, particularly as I have just learned from a proud Honza – whom I had hoped would know better -  that you have another three TV interviews lined up, and that a peace-initiative trip to the Middle East may be in the offing.   While I am in full support of the aims of the organization you now head, I ask you again to consider your activities carefully, and to reflect before undertaking any extremely risky activities.   Think of the delicate mental state of your mother!

May I offer you some further advice with regard to security?   In these circumstances I have a motto, ‘Suspect everyone – trust no-one!’   Of course you can trust your family, myself and most probably Honza.   But you must be wary of everyone else, even the members of LAW-HA-FLACE.   In particular, you may want to keep an eye on the little red-haired squirt whom Honza very appropriately calls ’Toady’.   First of all, he is ‘too good to be true’.   Anyone who tries so hard to be nice must have a deep dark and terrible secret.   And secondly, he wasn’t involved with us in the cat affair, so I assume he is a newcomer to your class.   Strangers should always be treated with suspicion – a stranger is just a spy you do not know, as they say in the Irish secret service.   You may think that since red-haired people tend to have a problem being inconspicuous, they would be unsuitable candidates for espionage activities.   But clever secret services – not the Czech police, of course – recognise that this flaw renders them more or less above suspicion, and actively recruit them.   So don’t go giving away important secrets to ’Toady’, and above all avoid being alone with him in secluded and hidden locations.      

Your worried teacher and Honorary Secretary,

J.



Chapter 12 The Secret Army

Dear Honza,

Thank you for your letter.    Your English language skills continue to improve.   Would you be so kind as to pass on my congratulations to your teacher, Alena, and let her know that I am immensely impressed by the progress that her students have made thanks to her excellent teaching?   She will no doubt tell you that this is entirely due to the help and guidance she has been getting from me, which is completely true.   However, you must not say this.  Tell her instead that, while I may have given her a few tips, it has been her own skill, personality and dedication that has had such a beneficial effect on your education.   You may be amazed that normal adult conversation needs to be so full of such circumlocution, unclear meaning and even downright falsehood.   You may even wonder how we adults ever manage to understand one another.   The truth is that we don’t, and now you know why the world is in the mess it is currently in.

Turning to the subject of your letter, I too am extremely worried for the safety of our mutual friend and chairperson of our newly formed society.   I have noticed a worrying tendency in her to pay less and less attention to the good advice which it is my pleasure to offer her.   This was not such a problem at the start of your ‘romance’, when she hung on your every word, and you were a reliable moderating influence.    But recently she seems less and less inclined to listen even to you, and this growing independence disturbs me.    Exceptional intelligence is often accompanied by a total lack of common sense, and Tania is unfortunately no exception in this regard.   Although she may think we are over-cautious and timid, it is our duty to protect her in spite of herself.          
First of all, let me say that I share your opinion of the red-haired weasel, whose name I believe is Vladimir, and it is entirely possible that his intentions towards Tania are less than honourable.   I have already warned her to be wary of him.   He’s unlikely to be a member of a truly professional spy group like the KGB or MI6.   It’s not that he is too young, these organisations know how to exploit that air of innocence which comes with childhood.  And while he appears to be completely stupid this may be a ruse.   However, competent secret services do not send agents out into the field without proper and intensive training, including a rigorous course in unarmed combat.   So, had he been a real spy, your altercation with him at last night’s meeting would have had a totally different outcome.   No chance of him being a proper secret agent then, but he may of course work for the CIA.

So if I were you, I would keep an eye on ‘Vladimir the Red’, but I don’t feel that he is the main source of danger.   The problem is that the threat could come from anywhere.    Tania has made herself a headache for almost every politician and businessman in the entire world.   When she speaks of world peace and an end to war, they hear only the destruction of their power systems and the disappearance of the lucrative arms industry. 

We can’t rely on any help from her parents to protect her.   As you know, her mum is somewhat unstable and you must never burden her with news which is any way stressful, especially if she is within reach of anything which could be employed as a lethal weapon.   As far as Tania’s mum is concerned, devote all your attention to making sure that she never gets an inkling of the potential dangers her daughter is running.   Her father, however, is in full possession of all his mental faculties, but nevertheless it will do you no good to mention the problem to him.   He will take the view that the dangers facing Tania are as nothing compared to the threat to him from his totally unstable and unpredictable spouse, and he may very well be right.

So it’s all up to us, then!   The formation of the security group at the meeting was a good first step, but I’m relying on you to take this group in hand and mould them into a  well-honed fighting force, which no self-respecting peace movement can be without.   Divide them into two groups!   Find suitable weapons for the big hefty ones, and have them trained in their use!   Also, enlist all of them in a course of karate or judo or some other martial art!   Then you must indoctrinate them with total devotion to our leader and virulent hatred for anyone who dares to threaten her.   Big George, the big lad with the broken nose who was put in charge of this group has the right idea.   For the second group, you have to take the cleverest ones and train them in espionage and intelligence gathering.   The first stage will be to divest them of all moral principles, as in this field the end always justifies whatever means you can think of.   Begin by teaching them the art of burglary and housebreaking, using the experiences gained in the affair of the Cat Mafia!

You’re probably thinking that these activities don’t fit well with an organisation dedicated to peace and love.   Don’t worry about this!   You may wonder how anyone can reconcile their ideals with the employment of such violent and underhand methods, but you only have to listen to any American President making a speech about democracy and freedom to appreciate how easily it can be done.   I would not wish to suggest that you have moral standards as low as a normal run-of-the-mill American President, but we need to protect Tania and we have to fight fire with fire.   Only, don’t mention a word of what you are doing to her!   I have been working hard to help her understand the adult world, but I don’t think she’s quite ready for this awful truth just yet.   I will drip-feed details of our security activities to her over the next few weeks, and she will slowly get used to the need for duplicity to achieve the objectives of our league for peace.   But for now, let her keep her childhood illusions.

In the meantime, don’t be concerned about not telling the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth to her.   It is, I’m afraid, all part of growing up.

Keep up the good work,

Peace!!

J.



Chapter 13. Missing homework

Dear Tania,

Where’s your homework?   If you recall, before I started teaching you we had an agreement that you would always do your homework.   I’ve been checking my e-mails regularly, but no sign of Tania’s homework.   I know you’ve been preoccupied recently with the Israeli-Palestine conflict and tension in Asia, Africa and South America, but you have to get your priorities right.   The world might be threatened with imminent nuclear destruction but life goes on.   

However, I did receive your other communication.   It was perfect in every aspect of grammar, spelling and style, but that’s not the point.   I give you exercises designed to improve your linguistic abilities, so it’s just not acceptable to replace it with something much easier of your own choosing.   There is a big difference between a healthy disrespect for authority and anarchy, so don’t ever do this again!   

As to the content of your letter, I can sympathise with your disappointment.   I too would be devastated if the President of Israel and the leader of the Palestinian government declined my offer to mediate in their unfortunate dispute.

I don’t think the refusal had anything to do with your English.   Fist of all, neither gentleman is a native English speaker so any unfortunate unintentional nuances would probably have gone unnoticed.   In any case, I thought your writing was perfect, with just the right degree of politeness and deference given the elevated status of the recipients.   “Your most revered, worshipped and respected leader of the Palestinian terrorists” may not be the official term of address, but it expresses all the right sentiments.   Personally, I would have chosen “freedom fighters” rather than “terrorists” but everything is a matter of taste, isn’t it? 

Probably the two gentlemen were just too busy to see you.   All their time seems to be taken up meeting an endless stream of world diplomats and dignitaries with much the same idea as you, and they probably just couldn’t fit you in.   

On the other hand, they maybe didn’t take you seriously.   The construction of your argumentation and your list of options was very impressive, but you rather spoilt your credibility by the ending.   Of course I know that you would have had to ask for time off school to make the trip, but did you have to say so in your letter?  And the request for permission to bring your favourite teddy bear frankly did not add much weight to your proposal.  

The question is, ‘Where do you go from here?’.   If you take my advice – of late not something you are noted for doing – it won’t be to the Middle East.   You only have to glance at the TV news in passing to see what a perilous place it is.   However, the way you have been conducting yourself in the relatively safe city of Prague are making it just as dangerous as any of the known world trouble spots.   And here I’m afraid I have to take the role of a real teacher and issue you with a few serious words of warning.   (I have just realized that this letter has begun to acquire a somewhat strict and didactic tone which is totally alien to my normal personality.   Perhaps the thought that your recent behaviour is turning your favourite teacher into something of a monster will make you stop and reflect.)

First of all, I think you are taking the events of last night too lightly.   You may think you  made a lucky escape from what might have been a routine traffic accident, but there are signs that more sinister factors were at work here.   A large Volvo running into the side of the tram you had just climbed into may seem to you to be no more than a coincidence.    It is a well known fact that Volvo cars are rather sturdily built, but why did this one have a reinforced steel bumper?   And do you really think the four foot long spikes protruding from the front were there solely for decorative purposes?   And what explanation do you have for the large quantities of – fortunately – unexploded Semtex which the traffic police found under the bonnet?   When I read your letter, I phoned the police for further details and they told me that they found a computer controlled ignition device.    Luckily for you the computer they were using had the latest version of a well-known personal computer operating system installed, and therefore had no chance of working properly, so you owe your life to the notorious unreliability of the computer software industry. 

Frankly, the most worrying thing about this incident was the manner in which you wrote about it in your letter.   I quote:  ‘By the way, a rather strange thing happened on the way home from the meeting last night.’   ‘By the way’?  ‘Strange’?   Let me introduce you to a new English word, Tania – naïve.   In your case it means ‘stupid’.   I realize that this is the first time I have called your intelligence into question, but you don’t really think that your tram collided, completely by chance, with a lost delivery vehicle from the plastics explosive factory in Pardubice, do you?

I can only assume you are so blinded by being in love and spreading world peace that you are oblivious to the most obvious evil.   Fortunately, the other half of your doe-eyed couple is managing to retain a remarkable amount of lucidity.  So, when you see him, please tell him everything , and maybe he and I together can work out what is going on.

To protect yourself from now on, here are some rules which I absolutely insist you follow.   If you are too stupid to protect yourself your friends are going to do it for you.   I know I sound like some western government lecturing a third world regime, but in my case the intentions are really entirely honourable.

Rule 1. 
Keep away from all embassies and consulates!   You run a double risk near these.  As I have tried to explain to you several times, your new career as a peacemaker makes you a target of every secret service in the world, official and unofficial, and this kind of unsavoury person tends to congregate near official buildings.   And in addition, every country has someone who bears a grudge against them, so if you venture near such establishments you risk being a victim of collateral damage.

Rule 2.
It is better to avoid carrying placards with provocative political messages, but if you must, try to keep them to a modest and discrete size.

Rule 3.
Don’t accept sweets from strangers – they may be poisoned.

Rule 4.
No matter how keen you are to be helpful to foreign tourists in the city centre, never in any circumstances give directions to apparently fat Arab gentlemen wearing loose fitting clothes.

Rule 5.
Honza and I are in the process of arranging for a team of highly trained bodyguards to protect you, and you must never go anywhere without them.

Rule 6.
Don’t say anything to your mother! While breaking this rule might not be life threatening to you personally, it could be fatal for your father.

It is my greatest wish that you could go back to being the simple little girl who only wanted to learn English and have a cat, and dedicate all your attention to doing your homework on time.   But all children grow up, and as they get older their problems tend to increase.    So you are no different from other children, except perhaps in the extraordinary rate at which your problems seem to be increasing.

Please be careful!  And get that homework done!

Your teacher,

J.



Chapter 14 Sponsorship

Dear sirs,

We acknowledge receipt of your recent letter and thank you very much for your interest in our organization.   Please forgive us for the delay in replying, but you, like many others, contacted us through the TV station as a result of Tania’s television appearances to publicise our aims. We rely on the TV company to forward such correspondence.   Unfortunately, just at the time of Tania’s interviews, a new pop teenage pop group named ‘Tania and the Tom Toms’ had made their first appearance on TV, and it is a sad reflection of our times, but it appears that they received a great deal more mail than we did.    You can imagine that the existence of two ‘Tanias’ being ‘mediatised’ concurrently led to some confusion in the mail sorting department of the TV company,  and your letter was one of the unfortunate victims.   But we have it now and I will do my best to reply in a satisfactory manner.

First of all, Tania herself asks me to apologise for her not being able to reply in person.  As you can appreciate, she has a lot of important tasks which take up her time, but in spite of this she is not excused homework either for her school lessons or indeed for the extra English lessons she receives from me.    It’s all very well being the saviour of the world, but if she neglects her studies she won’t get a real job when she grows up.   However, although she cannot reply herself, I can assure your proposals have received her and her committee’s full and detailed attention and I have been charged with communicating the results of our deliberations. 

I have to tell you that yours is not the only offer of this nature which we have received.   Governments from all over the world have written with expressions of moral encouragement, financial aid and helpful suggestions.  The Cuban government, for example, sent us a couple of dozen cases of rum, pointed out that their current communist regime was particularly   beneficial for and helpful to children, and asked us if we would care to sign some petition or other.    We threw the petition in the bin and gave the rum to Tania’s mum, in the hope that it may have some medicinal value for her mental condition.

We also received a couple of rather strange offers from some obscure companies purporting to be in the business of home and business security.   The letters were remarkably similar.   Each letter told us that we should keep our eyes and ears open, particularly for information  - and this is the strange part – about the other company.  From time to time we would receive a short questionnaire, and if we completed and returned it a handsome contribution to our funds would be forthcoming.   Someone had the bright idea of holding the letters up to the light, and on doing so we notice that the paper of both letters was identical.   The only difference between them was the watermark – one said ‘KGB’ and the other ‘CIA’.   But perhaps the most surprising fact of all was that both companies had the same address and telephone number.   We filled in the coupon and ticked the box for further information, and we’re waiting to see what happens next.

Several commercial companies have been in touch too.   Most of these involved Tania wearing outlandish clothes with tasteless logos for her TV appearances, and were rejected out of hand.    ‘Protest for Peace with Pepsi’ did evoke some discussion, but it too was felt to be inappropriate with our aims and objectives.  
You can see from the above that we are receptive to every idea, but at the same time we are very selective.  So I hope you won’t be too disappointed but I have to inform you that we feel that an association with your organization would not be right for us just at the moment.   We can sympathise with your aims, but we can’t agree that they should be pursued by all means available.   Your motto, ‘Peace through Violence’ just about sums up everything we are against.   We understand your argument and can agree that it is founded on good adult common sense, but as a children’s group this to us is the core of the problem.   We appreciate fully that your credo is based on academically sound references to the history and philosophy of all the world’s major religions, and we have carefully noted that you have the clandestine support of all major governments and international companies.   When you tell us that you wield an awesome and terrible power, we can well believe it.   We are sure that we need the kind of protection you offer, and that we need it as badly as you have pointed out.   But if you don’t mind, we would rather seek the protection from an organisation whose ideals are somewhat closer to our own.

I am returning the brochures about the courses on ‘Urban Terrorism’, ‘How to Defend Yourself Against Armed Policemen’ and ‘Forging Identity Papers Made Easy’, as they are of no interest to us following our decision.   You may be able to use them elsewhere, and while World Peace is our main aim, we have as a subsidiary target ‘Saving the World’s Trees’.

Tania has asked me to make a final point which she feels may improve the moral quality of your group.   She suspects from your attitude that you are all over twenty-one by a considerable margin, and she suggests that you retire from your positions and hand over the reins to your children or your children’s children who are as yet untainted by your adult cynicism and blatant disregard for human feelings and life.

I thank you for your interest in our society, I hope very much you will overcome your disappointment at our decision, and  I trust that your group will go from strength to strength, albeit in a more peaceful fashion than at present.

Yours sincerely,

J.
Secretary
LAW-HA-FLACE.



Chapter 15 Mysterious Women

Hi Honza,

I  need your help again.   Can you tell me what Tania is up to?   I am getting really frustrated, her personality is changing so fast I can’t keep up.    In our lessons she just sits there with a gleam in her eye and a far away look, and answers all my questions correctly, of course, but automatically.   I know she’s concocting some devilish plan  but I can’t get anything out of her.

She used to be so obvious.   Give her a grammar exercise and she would inadvertently let slip her innermost secrets.   This was the endearing simplicity and naivety of childhood.   But now she is beginning to exhibit some disturbingly adult traits, like secrecy and deviousness.  It is just another manifestation of the unfortunate process which changes a girl into a woman.   They are led to believe, no doubt due to the influence of their mothers, that thoughts are like money – a man should share all his but a woman needs to keep hers to herself.   Their mothers also tell them that it is appealing to create an enigmatic impression by revealing you have something on your mind while concealing what that something is.   I don’t know about you, but I don’t find it at all appealing, I find it appalling.

The trouble is that, no matter how hard I try, I can’t get her to appreciate that her life is in danger.   Yesterday our head of security, Big George, sent me his report on last night’s trip to the radio station.  I think it illustrates the point I’m trying to make quite well, so I quote it in full here.

“I  proceeded at a leisurely pace behind my charge (he means Tania) while carrying out my assigned surveillance duties.   I had disposed my force in tactically acceptable ‘protection and defence’ positions around the target (he still means Tania) according to the recommendations of the ‘CIA Manual for Accredited Presidential Bodyguards’ (He found it on the Internet, apparently).   The target was obviously preoccupied with something, her brows were furrowed in deep thought and her mouth was set in a vacant grin.  (I told you she was plotting some secret cunning project).    

“The first part of the journey through the tourist area from the radio station to the Metro was accomplished without any unusual or remarkable incidents.   There were, of course, the usual four pickpocket attempts and three abortive bag-snatches, which our charge parried automatically with a series of reflex actions, …  a deft kick,  a quick sidestep, a jab of the elbow.   

“About half way through our planned trajectory things took a turn for the worse.   A tall thin man with a pointed black beard and sunglasses emerged from a doorway, a long pointed knife in his hand, and lunged at our illustrious leader, who was deep in reverie and seemed not to notice.   Fortunately, one of our agents was in exactly the right position to intercept the assailant, overpowering him and prising the weapon from his grasp.   

“Our dreaming chairperson carried right on walking, and she passed two suspiciously tubby gentlemen wearing long overcoats in spite of the 30 degree temperature.   Just after she passed, the two aforesaid suspects each produced a machine gun from under their coats.   Fortunately the two agents to whom I had  assigned the flanks stepped into action immediately, disarmed the would-be killers, and pushed them into a pair of dustbins conveniently positioned nearby.   The head of our organisation continued on, oblivious to the commotion behind her.   The weapons were later found to be of Russian origin, but loaded with ammunition stamped ‘TEXAS USA’.      

“The final attack took place just as our entourage turned the final corner before the Metro entrance.   A person of unknown gender dressed in a long flowing robe launched himself (or herself) from a fifth floor window on a path perfectly planned to end with him (or her) landing violently on our leader’s head.   Here again, thanks to the CIA’s guidelines, our personnel were ideally positioned to administer a timely push in our chief’s back, and the human missile splattered itself on the cobbled pathway without causing any damage – except to himself (or herself).   Our founder and mentor remained blissfully unaware of the fracas, and entered the comparative safety of the Metro station still deep in thought.”

You can see what we’re up against.   Tania stubbornly refuses to face up to the danger she’s in, and she has some secret plan which she’s not yet prepared to reveal.   

The first thing we have to do is find out who it is that’s out to get her.   Start by interviewing Big George.  (And when you’re talking to him, pass on my congratulations on the quality of his English.)   After that, look for  other clues.   Make a careful review of the tram incident.   Don’t let the fact that it the attack was conducted in  a Volvo car mislead you into suspecting the Swedish Secret Service.   The Swedes have an excellent record of political non-violence established over many years and it is unlikely that they would risk their reputation on such a hair-brained scheme.   Given the botched nature of the attempt, you can also eliminate those organisations with a proven record of efficiency and success, for example Manchester United and the major tobacco companies.  Finally, I would not ignore the letters which have recently been forwarded to us by the TV companies. 	  There is one in particular, which, on a second reading, seems to contain remarks of a vaguely threatening nature.   I have enclosed the offending document.

One common factor in all these attacks is that the perpetrators seemed to know all Tania’s movements in advance.   This confirms my theory of a traitor in the camp, and we must do all we can to flush this traitor out.   You can begin by exploring all the computers used by the group and hacking in to trace all their e-mails and web searches.    The CIA have probably published a web page called ‘Seven Easy Ways to Infringe the Privacy of Internet Users’.   Speak to Big George!   If you draw a blank with the CIA, try the KGB!   If they have one, it will no doubt be in Russian, so you will need a translation.  Don’t ask Tania!   Try her Dad!   In no circumstances mention it to her Mum!

While you’re doing that, you will also have to tackle the second task of finding out what mischief is ruminating in Tania’s overactive brain.   Unfortunately, exploring the secrets of a woman’s mind is a Herculean task for anyone of the male species.  If you’re thinking of asking her directly, you’re wasting your time.   It’s appoint of principle that they never under any circumstances tell us anything of real significance.   I have heard of some men who, by means of trickery and subterfuge, have extricated some small and relatively unimportant secrets from unsuspecting examples of the female species.  But such females have to be extremely stupid, a category into which Tania certainly doesn’t fall.

There is one glimmer of light. While women tell men nothing, they tell each other everything. We need to find a female confidant for our mutual enigmatic friend.   If the chosen person is relatively unintelligent, so much the better, as it will facilitate the task of getting Tania’s secrets out of her.

The problem is, where can we find such a person? We just have to wait and hope that fate will provide,

In the meantime, get sleuthing,

Tania’s Teacher

J.



Chapter 16 Promotion for Ruthie

Dear Ruthie,

You can’t imagine how glad I was to get your letter.   And let me say I was really impressed by the quality of your writing, especially as I know you were born and brought up in the U.S.A.   Your English was almost like a real English speaker’s.

First of all, don’t be over-concerned by this feeling that none of your classmates really loves you.   You may be experiencing a relative level of coolness from them, but this is entirely due to your American origins.    Unfortunately there is a certain level of prejudice against  USA citizens in every country in the world, and I even find myself that I have to make an extra effort in the presence of anyone who speaks with even the smallest hint of a lazy drawl.

For the most part, this feeling is entirely unjustified.   The problem is that without doubt the U.S.A. is the richest, most successful and most powerful nation in the world, and the rest of us are just plain jealous.   However, the average US citizen inflames this understandable resentment by being ostentatiously proud of this fact.   Indeed, it is only by listening to their inadequate attempts to master what is as after all their official language that I personally am able to tolerate their presence.     If only every US citizen, when speaking to a foreigner, would start each conversation with the phrase
‘Excuse me for my bad English, but…’
this would do more for America’s image abroad than all the efforts of the Peace Corps or billions of dollars of foreign aid.   I think this would be so beneficial, in fact, that I would make it a legal requirement.   So if your parents are on first name terms with any senators or congressmen, I would urge them to pass this idea on to these people.

Moving on to your second point, I can well understand that it is painful to note that your Russian friend communicates far better in English than you, a native speaker, do.   You are right in thinking that this elevated level of skill is not entirely unconnected with the exceptional quality of English language coaching which she receives, but, unfortunately, I am unable to accept another student at present as my schedule is completely full.   However, I do have a suggestion which could solve not only this problem, but all your problems., and which I will explain in a minute.

In your place, I also would be a little dissatisfied with my role in LAW-HA-FLACE.   I agree that your many talents could be put to better use than making the tea and coffee.   That is why I am going to speak to Tania and persuade her to adopt you as her closest aide and assistant.   This will consolidate your friendship with her, and help to alleviate your first problem.   And the daily close contact with Tania is bound to do wonders for the quality of your English, and will go a long way to solving your second problem.   Tania too will benefit, as she will have a close confidant with whom she can share all her secrets.   In short, it seems that fate has provided you for this role 

Although I can’t fit you into my schedule for teaching, I really want to be sure that this little plan is working out.   So I suggest we meet once a week, just for half an hour.   It won’t be a proper English lesson, but you can tell me how you are getting on with Tania, and I can monitor your progress in your use of English.  

I hope this is of some help, and I wish you every success in your new role.
Best of luck!

Tania’s teacher

J.



Chapter 17 The stalker

Dear Tania,

Let me begin by telling you how pleased and comforted I was to get your letter.   I was beginning to think that you were so wrapped up in your schemes and projects that you were totally oblivious to everything else.   So you can imagine how happy I was when I read that you were disturbed and worried by what you had noticed.    And when you admitted to being actually frightened  I burst out laughing with relief and joy.   Finally, it seems you are beginning to appreciate the seriousness of your situation.

However, I can reassure you that perhaps things are not so bad as you thought.   You are entirely right in thinking that you are being followed wherever you go, but there may be nothing sinister in this.   If you remember, I instructed – and note the careful choice of verb here- I instructed you not to go anywhere without your bodyguards (Rule 5).   In your wisdom and naivety you chose to ignore this very important rule.   I only hope you didn’t forget rule 6 and tell your mother everything, for your Dad’s sake.

Since you insist on being so strong willed, your security committee, under the chairmanship of Big George and advised on technical matters by Honza, decided that you need to be protected even if it is against your wishes.   So they  arranged for you to be followed by a protector wherever you went.   It is no use protesting about infringement of civil liberties and your constitutional right to privacy, because although LAW-HA-FLACE is a children’s organisation, we operate in an adult world and have to resort to adult ideals.       

While in one way it is good to know that you have at last been alerted to the possibility of an attack on your person, we are disappointed that you appear to have rumbled your ‘tail’.   Big George in particular is upset, as he has been responsible for the training of all the operators, and in my opinion he has been doing an excellent job.   I have seen the syllabus for his Surveillance Operations Course and I was very impressed.   He got most of the information from the Internet , and Honza helped him hack into a few normally restricted sources.   Honza tells me that the security for the American, Russian and British secret service on-line manuals is laughable, it is practically public information.   Big George, however, had to reject most of the advice he found there.   You would think that MI6, the CIA and FBI, and the KGB would all know by now that trench coats and dark glasses are almost a uniform.   

Given the thoroughness of their training, I am amazed you could detect one of our boys (or girls) trailing you.   There is another more worrying possibility.   You could have been being followed by a genuine stalker, of an unfriendly nature and with malice on his mind.   Big George would certainly hope this was the case, as he hates to think there could be any weaknesses in his organisation.    He will contact you shortly and get a detailed description of your pursuer, so that he can check it out.   In any case, he wants to assure you that you were in no danger at any time, and that his back up team were on hand ready to take out the threat at the first sign of trouble, just as you would expect from the security arm of a credible World Peace organisation.

So don’t worry, keep up the good work, and leave the dirty details to us,

Your teacher,
J.



Chapter 18 The demise of the red haired demon

Hi Honza,

Thanks for the update on the security checkout on our members.   I’m glad to see that so far everyone has come out clean.   However, I can tell from your comments on the investigation of our red-haired friend Vladimir that you are a bit disappointed with the result in his case.   I always find it amazing how a non-native speaker, faced with a situation about which he feels strongly, can manage the most eloquent and expressive linguistic styles.

In fact, I had a little bit of difficulty in working out who you were  talking about at first.    ‘When I entered into the smelly reprehensible wormlike creature’s den ‘ puzzled me for a minute or two.   I thought you had been carrying out an investigation into the lifestyle of some kind of farm animal.   It was only after you described him as ‘that evil red-haired toady’ that I caught on to who it was that you meant.    I can just imagine how disappointed you must have been when you were unable to uncover any incriminating evidence.

But I really do have to tell you that your intense dislike of this boy is a little bit unjustified.   I grant you that he has an unfortunate ingratiating manner which puts one in mind of a slithery snake covered in axle grease, but your only too apparent feelings of jealousy in respect of his relationship with Tania are entirely without foundation.   We have spoken often about him, in passing, in our lessons and I can assure that she finds his toadying no more pleasant than anyone else.

In any case, you can take him off your suspect list, for the time being at least.   He is where he can do no harm to anybody, in hospital.   He had the bad luck to come across Tania’s Mum one day when he and Tania were having a tête-à-tête about some important LAW-HA-FLACE business.   He might have got away with it, as Tania’s Mum was in a particularly calm mood that day, but he couldn’t resist the temptation to suck up to someone new.   Of course, when he humbly begged to complement Mrs Tania on her extremely intelligent, hard working and – here’s the killer – beautiful daughter, Tania’s Mum saw red, and you can guess what happened next.   He will be in traction for several weeks, and will need crutches until Christmas.

At least he won’t be lonely in hospital.   Tania’s dad was unlucky enough to be with his wife at the time, and she turned on him and charged him with the possession of degenerate genes which he just had to pass on to his offspring.   You can find him in the next bed to young Vladimir; I’m sure he will appreciate a visit.

As for the other aspect of our investigation, I’m afraid I’m no further forward with discovering the details of the big plan which is hatching in Tania’s head.   When I ask her, she admits to having a big idea, but she refuses to give any further details, saying that she hasn’t yet got it all together, and she doesn’t want to appear foolish.    I explained I didn’t want her to appear dead, but she just smiled and said I fussed too much.

The American girl, Ruthie, has been a big disappointment.    You can normally rely on Americans to be garrulous, and I was really counting on some information from her when I inveigled Tania into taking her on as her aide.   But Ruthie has turned out to be the perfect personal assistant, displaying a totally unexpected  degree of loyalty and discretion.   She is so good at keeping a secret; you would almost believe she had been professionally trained.   Not by the CIA of course, they don’t have the expertise for that kind of thing.

So, all in all, Honza, it looks as if we’re still at square one – no sign of who the traitor might be, and no idea what Tania is up to.   Personally, I’ve exhausted all logic, and I’m relying entirely on intuition.   We’ll get a break soon.  I feel it.   Something big is going to happen, mark my words!

Patience and good luck,

Tania’s teacher,

J.



Chapter 19 A Visit Stateside

To . alenacerna@basicschool.cz
From : jteach@english.prague.cz
Subject : Missing students

Dear Alena,

Have you by any chance noticed a couple of missing faces from your class for the past couple of days?   Two girls, in fact, both excellent English speakers, who go by the names of ‘Tania’ and ‘Ruthie’.    The former has also missed an English lesson with me, without even notifying me of her intended non-attendance.   To say I was outraged would be an understatement.   I only partially calmed down when I received an e-mail from her to explain her absence.   It was sent from Washington DC in the U.S.A., and  I quote from it verbatim.

“Hi teach!   (See how language skills can degenerate in twenty four hours when exposed to a really bad influence)

“We’re in Washington DC, Ruthie and I.   Sorry about the lesson, but everything came up real quick.   (She’s been listening to CNN)   We arrived here Monday. (CNN again)
Ruthie arranged everything, she’s a real cool kid and hyper intelligent.   Tomorrow we’re gonna (I actually cried when I read this)  see some guy in the State department so I can go over my new plan for establishing a truce in all conflicts worldwide, and bringing peace and prosperity to war torn nations.   Great, huh!

“Some kinda strange things have been happening to us though.    First up, when we meet some new guys and Ruthie tells them I’m a Russian, they always begin their conversation by saying
‘Excuse my bad English, but…’.   I guess it’s some kind of quaint American custom.
“Then this morning some dude in a big limo almost totalled us at an intersection, but our driver swerved and he missed, and the limo took out a shop window.    It went up like an atom bomb when it hit the wall, like it was stuffed with explosives or something.   Weird, huh?
“And when we were in NY yesterday, a guy appeared on the subway with a machine gun.   I thought we were done for, but some dude in big cowboy boots took out a colt 45 and shot him dead before he could do anything.  The cowboy apologised  for the blood and noise, but he had been pick-pocketed three times the day before and he’d had enough.   Pretty exciting place, not like quiet ole Prague, huh? 

“We fly back Thursday.  See you Fri!

“Have a nice day!

“Tan.”

You can see from this that Tania has big problems.   It’ll take at least two months to get her English back to acceptable standards.   And I don’t know how she got out of the country without her mother knowing.   Her Mum must have had some idea about it or she would have phoned me by now.   And how did Tania get a visa?  I’m not sure what Ruthie’s parents do, but they sure must be able to pull some strings with the top brass in US officialdom.  (My God, I’m beginning to write in American idioms myself!)

I also think she may  be in some danger over there.   Can you phone me and tell me if Honza and Big George are in class?   I’m hoping they followed her to America and are protecting her, but it doesn’t seem likely.  But if not, and they are still in school, get them to phone or e-mail me right away,

Best wishes

Tania’s other teacher

J.



Chapter 20 The Big Plan

AIRPORT MESSAGE

To be handed to Miss Tania Mozrova, passenger from New York, USA

Dear Tania,

Phone me immediately!   You can’t go home, your Mum is in hospital, the same one as your Dad.   You are coming to stay with us for a few days.   You are not under any circumstances to go to Ruthie’s house.

While you were away, your mum found the air tickets for Tel Aviv, in your name.   She called Ruthie’s parents in Prague right away, because that is where you told her you were.   I know I told you that telling the truth is an overrated virtue but in my opinion this was an unjustifiable lie.    I hope you are not sinking to the low level of normal adult morality.   Anyway, when Ruthie’s parents didn’t answer, she phoned my house.    By the time she got to me, she was already agitated, and in a fleeting moment of inattention I let it slip that you were in the U.S.A.   I heard a loud thump over the phone and the line immediately went dead.   

I immediately phoned for an ambulance, then I got in touch with Honza and Big George and we hurried round to your flat.   Big George broke down the door, and we rushed into the living room to find your mother out cold on the floor, with your air tickets locked tightly into her closed fist.   The ambulance men came and they recognised your Mum right away.   After a quick check they were able to confirm that she was only suffering from the usual nervous shock, and that she would be fine after a few days rest in hospital.  As they were carrying her out on the stretcher, I reminded them to keep her well away from your father when she came round.

Honza, Big George and I tidied up, fixed the door, and sat down in your kitchen for a council of war.   We were looking at the crumpled air tickets that Big George had managed to prise from your mother’s determined grip, and we decided we were very annoyed.   Honza and I were angry that you had sneaked off to America without telling us, and Big George was embarrassed because one of his operators had lost your trail.   Apparently you and Ruthie had used some simple trick which is published in the CIA manual (readily available on the World Wide Web) and he doesn’t understand how someone he had trained could have been fooled so easily.

We have all decided that this secrecy of yours has to stop.   Honza opened up your computer and rummaged through your word processing files and your old e-mails, and now we know everything about your plan.

Personally I think that it’s a mad hair-brained scheme but the boys are quite impressed.   You have their support on the committee, so you are assured of a majority and the plan will be going ahead.   But there are conditions, none of which are negotiable, so you will have to accept them.   The attempts on your life haven’t stopped, even in America, and we have to think of your safety.

First of all, we are all going to Jerusalem with you, Honza, myself, Big George and the whole security team.   Don’t try to pretend it will be too expensive, we know about the sponsorship from the major TV companies and the airline industry.   Besides, we are a team, a multi-gender team, and we male members are demanding our rights of full participation in decision making.   I know you girls like to be in charge, but you cannot run a political society like a marriage. 

Next, you have to keep to the 6 rules I gave you, especially rule 5.   You must not go anywhere unless Big George and the boys (and girls) are there to look after you.   When we get to Israel, we will find a secret location where no-one can find you.   Big George’s team will be keeping a watch on it.   You will stay there with Ruthie, working on your speech, while Honza and I take care of greeting  all the international delegations and the preparations for the demonstration.   We can keep in contact by mobile phone.

Before we leave for Israel, you will have to go and visit your Mum and Dad in hospital.   You may also want to visit Vladimir the Red, but Honza doesn’t think that this is entirely necessary.   In any case, don’t even begin to think of making your own arrangements for this visit.   Big George has arranged for an armour- plated limousine and six heavily armed motor cycle outriders to take you there and back.  We aren’t playing games with your safety any longer.   I apologise if this seems a bit draconian, but it’s for your own good.

Call me as soon as you get this!   It could be dangerous to hang around the airport too long, even though Big George has deployed some of his team to protect your return.
 
See you soon,

Your teacher,

J.



Chapter 21 The penny drops
   
To :     honza@tempisrael.com
From : jteach@tempisrael.com
Subject: Urgent

Honza, drop what you’re doing and get round to the secret hiding place right away.   We have a problem!

I’ve just worked out who the traitor in the camp is.   How can I have been stupid?   It is Ruthie.   It’s so obvious, how could we have missed it?

Let my experience be a warning to you.   We are all subject to the temptations to stereotype races, nationalities and genders, and this is how I failed to notice the crystal clear signs of Ruthie’s guilt.   Because she was an American, I totally underestimated her intelligence, and because she was female, I totally underestimated her ruthlessness.   I keep reminding myself that people are people, and that we must discard our prejudices and judge those we meet on their own merits, but once you get an idea in your head, it is difficult to shift it.   As a result, the clues were staring me in the face and I couldn’t see them.
        
Who knew every movement Tania made, even those little excursions she didn’t even tell us about?   Ruthie!   Who was magically able to get a twelve-year-old Russian visas for the USA and Israel?  Ruthie!   Who has contacts in the highest places of the US administration?  Ruthie!   Who knows all the secrets of the CIA operations manual, apart from Big George, of course?    Ruthie!   Whose father, I have just discovered, is the senior representative of the American Secret Service in the Czech Republic?  Ruthie’s!  And finally, who has disappeared from our secret hiding place here in Israel with our mutual friend and leader Tania, whom we are trying to protect?   Ruthie, again!

We have to find them, and quickly.   We have only one lead.   In her rush to leave, Ruthie left her mobile phone.   That’s how I found out about her father.   When I connected to the Internet through this phone, the home page was a highly secure site on the CIA server, in the name of Ruthie’s Dad.   I connected the phone to my notebook, and I’ve been able to find a lot of interesting information already.   But you’re much better at this than me.   Get over here right away and help me! 
 
J.



Chapter 22 The demonstration

Dear Alena,

I know you have no one to teach and I hope you’re enjoying your rest.   I’m sorry I took all of your class away to the Middle East without telling you, but something very urgent and important came up.   No doubt you saw it on T.V.   Your pupils and I  have decided to stop off in Cyprus on the way home for a few days rest and recreation at the seaside, but we’ll be back on Friday, and your lessons will almost be back to normal.   I say almost because Tania isn’t with us, and I will explain why later.

By the way, Ruthie won’t be coming back to school either.   You wouldn’t know this, but her father was an American secret agent based in Prague.   Unfortunately, he’s no longer very secret so the US authorities have decided to send him back home.   Ruthie was a secret agent too, in her own small way.   When we got to Jerusalem, she set the cat among the pigeons right away by kidnapping Tania.   Luckily for us, in her hurry to get Tania out of the house, she left behind her mobile phone.   It was a big mistake, because it was a CIA mobile phone and it proved to be extremely helpful.

First of all, we used it so send an SMS to Ruthie telling her to come back to the safe house where we had been hiding Tania and from where Ruthie had kidnapped her.   Ruthie of course thought it was an official CIA message, so she fell for it and returned to the scene of the crime.   Honza and I were waiting and we caught her.   We had been hoping she would bring Tania with her, but unfortunately she came alone, so we had to proceed to the interrogation stage.      

Honza connected the mobile phone to the computer and begin to interrogate it, while I took on the low-tech job of the head to head interview with our suspect.   It was hard going.   Ruthie completely refused to listen to any of my questions.   She had obviously had some quick crash course in anti-interrogation techniques, and she was applying the rules to the letter.    I asked her how she could think of betraying her friend, who had helped and protected her from the very first moment she arrived, lonely and frightened, in a strange foreign city where they spoke an unintelligible sounding language totally devoid of vowels.   She responded by closing her eyes tightly, shaking her head, standing to attention, putting her right hand on her heart, and singing the ‘Star Spangled Banner’.   My every question was met with the same identical response, except that for variety she would change the song from time to time.   I was regaled with ‘God Bless America’, ‘This Land is My Land’, and a few old and only slightly less patriotic numbers from Simon and Garfunkel albums.   But I was getting nowhere with finding out where Tania had been hidden.

I was beginning to get very desperate when Honza came into the room and handed me a piece of paper on which he had written
“Her mobile phone is the most sophisticated I have ever seen.   She keeps a personal diary on it.  I have discovered that she has a crush -  a serious crush – on Big George!!”
It was the break we needed.
“Get him here, right now!” I told Honza.

When Big George arrived, we explained the situation to him – Ruthie the traitor, Ruthie the CIA agent, Ruthie the kidnapper, and Ruthie the amorously besotted with himself.   Then we told him what he had to do.   Big George was a bit embarrassed, it wasn’t what he had expected.   Although tall, broad and strong, he was still young – thirteen next Tuesday – and he hadn’t really given much thought to the opposite sex.   Kalashnikovs and Thomson machine guns held no fears for him, but girls were a different matter entirely.   Honza, although younger, had more experience in this field than him, couldn’t he do it?   We explained that while Honza might be more charming and suave than the affable BG, Ruthie just wasn’t madly in love with him.   He, Big George, Velký Jirí in his own language, was the man, and the only man, for the job.

Faced with this unavoidable challenge, Big George was magnificent.
“Leave it to me, then, boys! ” he told us, and swaggered into the room where Ruthie was waiting, carefully bound and gagged in case she was harbouring evil thoughts of escape.   He emerged some five minutes later, hand in hand with an untied and ungagged Ruthie, whose face was resplendent with a smile of undying adoration which would have made an overprotective mother faint on the spot.   George handed us a slip of paper with an address, and informed us that he and ‘sweet little Ruthie’ were going back to HQ to work together on the planning of the demonstration.   As they walked arm in arm out the door, we realized that the CIA’s loss was Big George’s gain.

Honza and I sped over to the address George had given us and recovered the waiting Tania.   She was a little surprised to see us, as she had been expecting Ruthie to return with a hot pizza.   We told her the whole story and her main reaction was of rapturous delight at the formation of a new romantic couple in the world.   She was so pleased that she took Honza’s hand and kissed him on the cheek right in front of me, much to the poor boy’s embarrassment.   As we walked back to the safe house, Tania’s arm tightly tucked in Honza’s, I noticed a re-emergence of the doe-eyed devotion which she had been tending to forget while preoccupied with her political career.

The demonstration went off rather well.   Thanks to Ruthie’s mobile we were able to access all the computers of every clandestine organisation in the world.   It appears that if you are cleared for access to one you are cleared for them all.   All of them, of course, had been instructed to take out Tania, as she was seen as a serious threat to all their various but equally unsavoury objectives.   But they had also been given instructions that no assassination attempts were to be made in presence of TV cameras, and, in fact, she was to be protected assiduously whenever she was on camera.   Our TV sponsors were only too ready to agree to round the clock filming of our leader, and so the security problem was solved in a rather elegant and perfect manner.

The effect of the demonstration was considerably enhanced by the attempted Israeli tank invasion of the old holy city which took place at the same time.   This may just have been coincidence, but I suspect it was orchestrated by the TV companies in the interests of making a better show.  This kind of proactive journalism seems to be prevalent these days.   Spontaneous or planned, the result  was spectacular.    

There they were, in a long line, thousands and thousands of children from all over the world, black, white and in between, wearing their national costumes and waving their little flags, holding hands, hugging, kissing and having fun, when suddenly the line of tanks appeared.    The children formed a long thin barrier in front of the advancing army.   The tanks rolled on; the children, unafraid,  waved and shouted .   The tanks stopped only about twenty feet from the line, which hadn’t given an inch.   The guns were turned directly on the demonstrating children.   Tania held up her hand, and everyone was silent.   She walked right up to the front of the middle tank.   Someone gave her a small stepladder.   She placed it on the ground, right in front of the tank turret, and she climbed up until her face was directly opposite the muzzle of the gun.   She looked right down the barrel, and waited.   She waited and waited.  Three or four minutes passed, no one spoke, no one moved.   Then the turret of the tank rotated until the gun was pointing in the other direction.   A great cheer went up from the line behind her.   At the same time the guns of all the other tanks were turned away from the crowd.   

Only then did Tania turn around to face the children and begin to make her speech.   It was a great speech, in English, and she had written the whole thing by herself.   The grammar was perfect, the register just right, and the style could not have been improved.   She made liberal and judicious use of antithesis, analogies and alliteration, and she employed the ‘rule of three’ to excellent effect.   I would say her speech was realistic, righteous, and rousing.

When she had finished, the Secretary General of the United Nations – another coincidence? – walked forward from between the line of tanks.   He came right up to Tania and he shook her hand.   Tania came down from her step ladder.   The Secretary General put his arm round her shoulder, and led her off in the direction of a waiting white official car with the blue UN flag flying from the front of the bonnet.   The  crowd cheered and waved goodbye, then tucked into the lemonade and cookies that Ruthie and Big George had prepared the night before.

Honza and I watched Tania walk to the car from the front of the line.  As she passed by us, we both gave her a discrete, barely perceptible wave from the waist.   She saw us, and smiled, acknowledging us only with a raising of the eyebrows, in the manner of a great and famous lady.   The gesture was captured by the TV cameras.   Tania’s Mum and Dad phoned me that night.   They had seen it on TV, they had felt as if the gesture had been for them and them alone.   They had both cried a little.   Honza and I had been  scarcely less emotional, as we had used up three packets of Kleenex between us.

The next day Tania phoned to say that she and the Secretary General would be tied up in meetings with all the senior Middle East politicians for the next week or so, so could we go home without her?   The American Ambassador came for Ruthie to tell her she had to go back to the USA.   There was a tearful farewell between her and Big George, and they parted promising to write each other postcards every day, in English, so you can expect a big improvement in George’s performance in the English lessons.

So, Alena, that’s what your class have been doing while they’ve been away.   I hope you feel that it’s been worthwhile, and that the time away from lessons hasn’t been entirely wasted.  We’ll see you in a few days and we will answer all your questions then.

Best wishes,

Tania’s teacher,

J.



Chapter 23 Epilogue Part 1

ENGLISH LESSONS AVAILABLE

Outstanding teacher of English has a vacancy to teach one, and only one,  enthusiastic and capable student.   Individual lessons twice a week.

Due to my complete and hectic schedule, I am only able to teach a limited number of students.   Therefore I am only interested in dedicated hard-working people with a real desire to learn the language.

 In the first instance, write to me by e-mail at
		jteach@english.prague.cz
telling me why you want to improve your English and what you expect from your teacher.   I will select the best candidate on the basis of your letters.



Chapter 24 Epilogue Part 2

Dear Anastasia,

Thank you for your letter. There were very few grammar mistakes, and your spelling was excellent too.   I will be very pleased to be your English teacher, as I have a free slot available.   One of my most talented and successful students is going to be living in Switzerland for about six months, where she will be helping the United Nations with some very important business connected with the peace and prosperity of the world, and for which her knowledge of English will be extremely useful.   Switzerland is a fortunate choice, as her parents do not enjoy good health and the fresh mountain air will do them good.   It is also providential that the Swiss are an extremely organised and tidy nation, as my student’s mother suffers from a nervous disorder, and she is only comfortable when she is certain of the exact location of everything, especially her daughter.   Everything has turned out for the best and I think I can say that my teaching has been a success with this student.   I hope I will achieve as much with you.

Before your first lesson, may I give you some advice about how to be a good student?  

First of all, the most important thing is to…………. 




THE END

