


Ogg

by
James Gault.

Smashwords edition 
copyright 2009 James Gault

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please  purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 



Chapter 1

Ogg looked carefully at Antonia Collins and thought.   Was she the right person to help him?  Did she have the qualities she would need to face up to this new challenge which was facing Ogg and indeed the whole planet?  
He was rerunning the ‘first’ time he had met her.   The exact meaning of ‘the first time’ for Great Beings was somewhat more complicated than for ordinary humans. Ogg after all could, and did, travel at will back and forward through both all time and all space.  So, having met someone for the first time, he could easily go back in time again and meet that person for the first time once more, and that’s what he was doing now.    So, was it still the first meeting?  Maybe he could call it a second first meeting.   But then there could be a third first meeting, and even a second, second first meeting.  Ogg’s travels in time could be extremely complicated and keeping track would get unbearably difficult were he to adopt such a cumbersome reference system.  In any case, if each first meeting had exactly the same outcome, was there any point in being able to differentiate them?  An interesting one?   Ogg smiled to himself.
Interesting maybe, but thinking about it had diverted him completely from the question in hand, which was to choose or not to choose Antonia as one of his helpers.  This was why he had been going over their first meeting before letting his thoughts so rudely interrupt themselves.     
Antonia had impressed Ogg so much the first time he met her.  She had taken a break from studying for her upcoming AS levels and opened up a copy of Nietzsche’s ‘Thus Spake Zarathustra’ for a bit of light reading.   She polished off the first few chapters and found herself thinking that she didn’t really think very much of the German writer’s superman.   For one thing, he seemed to be distinctly lacking in social skills.   OK she didn’t have too many friends herself, but she at least had an excuse.   She was an only child, daughter of a garrulous mother and a father who was prohibited from speaking in his own household.    Her mother’s favourite torture was to make grotesque frocks from curtain material and force her daughter to wear them to school, and, embarrassed about being seen in the presence of such a strangely attired seventeen-year-old, her classmates avoided her as much as possible.   Another thing which singularly failed to impress her about Zarathustra was that, while he spoke with great and profound weightiness, nothing he said really seemed to make any sense.   So he didn’t seem to her to be much of a candidate for a role model, and she was wondering why she had bothered with the book.
As Ogg was flitting frantically around the past, present and future of the entire world, he had stumbled across Antonia’s thoughts and found them quite intriguing.  His mission was to save mankind from its own stupidity.   It was a never- ending and probably hopeless task, and he needed all the help he could get.    So whenever he came across a bit of reasonable critical thinking, he always thought it worth his while to stop and talk to it.   This was how he recruited his best helpers.  
So while Antonia was thinking that maybe she should give up on Nineteenth century German fantasy and get back to her school books, Ogg had materialised in front of her.   
“Oh, hello!   Who are you?”  Antonia had asked in a rather matter of fact voice.   In considering her for the role of special helper, Ogg noted her relative equanimity on being faced by a complete stranger who suddenly appeared in her own room.  It was one important thing in her favour.   Ogg could adopt any physical presence he liked, and this time he had chosen a look based on a rather down-at-heel middle-aged university professor he knew, so he must have appeared to Antonia rather like one of her teachers and consequently unthreatening.    Nevertheless, the calmness she had shown would come in useful later: he didn’t know what or who they would meet in their quest.
“Who would you like me to be?”  Ogg had asked in reply to her question.          
Antonia had thought this was a surprising thing for anyone to say, even for someone who mysteriously appeared in front of her as she was doing her homework.   She was an avid reader of websites and articles on the paranormal, so materialising from nowhere was not a totally alien concept.   But she had never heard of anyone not owning some kind of name, which was what her visitor seemed to be suggesting.   And if he was playing games with her, she didn’t think it was a polite thing to do, and she was going to tell him.
“I really don’t think it’s very polite to just appear, uninvited, in someone’s presence and then avoid saying who you are”   
“I do apologise, Antonia, but it’s just that I have so many names...”
“Well, if you invite everyone to call you whatever they want that’s hardly surprising,” she had interrupted.   “And please don’t call me Antonia, I really don’t like it.”
“How about ‘Ant’?” 
“Not much better, but it’ll have to do.   Now what about you?   What did your parents call you, for example?”
“That’s a difficult one, Ant.”   And it was, because Ogg had been around from the very beginning of time and even before.  No one else had been born before him, so how could he have parents?      
“You mean you’re an orphan?” Antonia had asked, after a moment’s reflection.   Ogg noted that she could take a fact or situation and make a sensible attempt at an explanation.   That was another point in her favour. 
“More or less,” he had replied, “but in any case why don’t you call me Ogg.  Lots of people do.” 
“Ogg it is then.    Nice to meet you, Ogg!”
“Nice to meet you too, Ant.”
“Well, Ogg, now that we’ve got the formalities out of the way, maybe you would like to tell me a bit more about yourself and why exactly you are here.”
When he heard this Ogg remembered exactly what had been in his mind when considering Antonia as a special helper.   First of all, she could exhibit a distinct tendency to take over when she was getting impatient, a trait which, although often infuriating, could also be useful.   But she also seemed able to hit upon just the right difficult question from which illuminating insight followed.    He had often found this ability in many young people, and whether this ability was due to childlike naivety or deep insight, Ogg had never been able to tell, and he wasn’t sure that there was any real difference between the two anyway.    
Ogg cogitated.  Being a Great Being, it only took him a few seconds.  If he remembered rightly, that made three good reasons for bringing the young Antonia onto his team.   Enough for even the most discerning of the Great Ones!    Yes, Antonia really was just right for the difficult job he had in front of him.  
Having made up his mind, Ogg shot off, leaving this rerun of their first meeting rather in the air.   Didn’t this behaviour leave Antonia a little bit puzzled or annoyed?    Not a bit of it!   Of course, because of the first, first meeting, she knew what came next: in fact she had experienced it.   And as a human being and not a Great Being, she had no idea that an incident in her life was being rerun for the sole benefit of an uncertain Superior One.   So while the second first meeting ended for Ogg at this point, it continued for Antonia, although for her it seemed to be the first, first meeting. 
Not that it had gone on to great things anyway, the first, first time.  In answer to her request for more information about himself, Ogg had merely asked her again who she would like him to be, and invited her to tell her what she would like him to do.    When encouraged to be more specific, he had informed her that he moved in mysterious ways, doffed the old soft hat covering his greying hair, and bid her goodbye. 
The visit had made her think, all the same.   Who was he and what did he want with her?               



During the following days, Ogg  had visited her frequently.   It got so that if a day passed without at least a fleeting Ogg conversation she felt a little let-down.    He always stimulated her imagination with difficult questions she never seemed able to quite answer.     She learned a lot about Ogg, and about the differences between ordinary humans and Great Beings, which is what she had decided Ogg was.   They were strange conversations, for often Ogg would use his superhuman powers to reach into her thoughts and respond to them without her even having to say anything.   It was both disconcerting and annoying for Antonia, because it made her feel a bit useless, and on one occasion she had mentioned it to Ogg.    But he had reminded her that while he could read her mind, she couldn’t read his, so she needed to hear what he said so that she could react to it.
“But, if you like,” he had told her, “I can be here, and talk to you, and you don’t have to see me, or even hear me.”
“What, like inside my mind, you mean?  I’m not at all sure I’d like that.   How could I tell when it was you speaking and when it was just me thinking?”
“Ah!   That is a G.P.Q.!”
“G.P.Q.?”
“Great Philosophical Question.   It’s a question that almost no one understands, no one knows the answer to, and lots of great and learned men spend years and years thinking about.”
“What’s the point of it, then?” Antonia asked.
“That,” Ogg told her, triumphantly, “is another G.P.Q.”
“Aah!” she had said, looking puzzled but obviously thinking.   And, when the Great Problem arose, it was this response, above all, that confirmed Ogg had been right  to choose her to help him. 




Chapter 2

The next day, as Antonia was walking down the little lane that led to her school, Ogg suddenly appeared beside her, out of nowhere, just as she wasn’t expecting him. It was early in the morning.   She hadn’t slept well because she had spent the whole night thinking about GPQs, so she was exhausted and therefore bad–tempered.    What did he think he was playing at? 
“I wish you would stop doing that,” she told him, “It’s time you grew up.”
Ogg only smiled, making Antonia’s ill humour worse.  Great Beings should be above practical jokes.
“Suppose someone saw you appearing out of nowhere like that!   I can’t imagine how I would explain such a trick to a rational person.”
“No one saw me, as far as I know,” Ogg replied,” but if anyone ever does, I want you tell me about it right away.”
Antonia was about to say OK when a sudden realisation struck her.   There was something not right about what he had just said. Ogg had the ability to read all human minds; he ought to have known for certain if somebody had seen him.  Their thoughts would have given them away.   Yet he apparently didn’t always know, and Antonia  could only draw the one obvious conclusion, which she immediately drew.   Ogg was a Great Being, yes, but he was a flawed Great Being.   Was what he lost in omnipotence made up for by the approachability that came with being less than prefect?  She wasn’t sure.     
“Ant,” Ogg went on, “I think I’m going to need your help. You are living in troubled times and there is evil is everywhere.” 
“Ah!” smiled Antonia. “You don’t have to tell me!   I know what you want.”     
Ogg smiled. He knew what was coming.   The older you get, the more you travel, the more frequently you come across the same things.  Eventually you die of sheer boredom, if you are an Ordinary Person, but Great Beings don’t even have this escape.   Was this the reason for his penchant for practical jokes and his fondness for winding up his friends?   Desperate attempts to stave off monotony in old age?    Ant meantime continued to rage with enthusiasm over her little bit of inspiration.    Nothing to be done, Ogg said to himself, but to let her get it off her chest.    
“You are the embodiment of everything good in the world.   When we do good deeds, it’s you who are directing us.  But there’s also another super-being with special powers, and he is responsible for all the evil things that happen.   You and he are engaged in a bitter battle for the future of mankind.   If you lose, the human race is doomed. And you need my help because I am young, innocent and uncorrupted, and incredibly clever.”
“And modest,” Ogg added.
Antonia just couldn’t see any reason why modesty was a particular virtue.   She was young (a good thing), innocent (some pluses and minuses there, she thought), uncorrupted (unfortunately) and clever (thankfully).  If it was true, why lie about it, for fear some stupid person might think you’re arrogant?  She was surprised that Ogg had even mentioned ‘modesty’.  Maybe that was another aspect of the flawed side of his Great Beingness.    
“Listen, Ant! That was a very good story of yours, and very popular, but I’m afraid it doesn’t hold water.   Of course, it would be very convenient if you could blame someone else for all the bad things you do, but you can’t.   It is true that I am lucky enough to have lots of special powers, and I know what goes on inside the head of all human beings.   But I can’t make you do good deeds.   No one can but yourself.   Nor is there any evil Super Being who can make you do evil things.   So if you’re a bad person, it’s entirely your own fault.  So you mustn’t try to pass your faults off on people like me.”
“But how can we fight against all the evil in the world if it’s spread out among the minds of billions of people?”
“You’ve hit on another Great Philosophical Question, Ant.”
Antonia was pleased and upset at the same time.   Formulating a G.P.Q. was a bit of an achievement, and it was nice to be thought smart enough to do it.  But she  had really wanted an answer to her question.   During her insomnia of the previous night, she had made list of few GPQs as a means of trying to put herself to sleep.   But when that didn’t work, she used her time to try and come up with some answers, but with no success.   It appeared to her that there were a great deal too many Great Philosophical Questions going around.   Time for some Great Philosophical Answers.
“You must be able to do something about all the evil in the world!” she challenged Ogg.   “Or why do you have these special powers?”
“Another…” Ogg began.
“Great Philosophical Question.” Antonia finished, with an exasperated sigh.   Antonia had begun to suspect that youth was the age of idealism, and that growing up was a mere euphemism for increasing cynicism and disillusionment.   To a clever girl like her this was plainly obvious in the way her parents and teachers behaved.   But really, you expect better of a Great Being, and Antonia did hope that Ogg wasn’t going to let her down. 
       “Now, please listen carefully, Ant, because I’m going to tell you exactly why I need your help.   It’s a very complicated story, and you’ll require all your brainpower to understand it.”
This sound more promising to Antonia, but she suddenly realised that her life was not her own to dedicate exclusively to Ogg.  She looked at her watch, and squealed.
“Oh, no!   Blast!  Is it going to take long?   I absolutely mustn’t be late for class.   We have the horrible Mrs. Ghoul first period and she’s impossible if we’re late.”
Ogg didn’t even speak.  It was a long and extremely complex story he had to tell, and listening to it would certainly have kept her late for school, but he had an instant solution to her problem.   

Two hours earlier, Antonia was sleeping peacefully in bed when there was a tap on her shoulder.
“Wake up!   Wake up!  I’ve something to tell you, Ant.”
Antonia woke up to see Ogg’s face peering down at her.
“Oh, hello Ogg!   What do you want at this time of the morning?”
Ogg had jumped back in time but Antonia didn’t know this.   So for Antonia the meeting with Ogg on the way to school was still in the future and hadn’t yet happened, so she knew nothing about it.   And now, of course, it wouldn’t happen, because Ogg was going to tell her everything right at that moment, two hours earlier than before.   If he stopped her two hours later and told her the whole thing all over again she would have found it extremely odd.   So the discussion between Ogg and Antonia in front of the school both took place and didn’t take place.   At first sight one would suppose such an idea to be absolute nonsense, because ‘obviously’ something either happens or it doesn’t.   But don’t be seduced by such simplistic logic and that insidious word ‘obviously’.   Ogg and Antonia talked in front of her school and they didn’t.   Impossible?  Not at all!   We know exactly why such an apparently impossible thing occurred, and the explanation is extremely simple and totally logical.   If there’s one thing that Ogg has learned in his travels through time and space, and which he kindly teaches all his friends, it’s that one must never dismiss the most seemingly outrageous things.   As often as not, they are true, and the explanation is usually extremely simple and totally logical.
“What do you want at this time in the morning, Ogg?”  Antonia asked again.
“Ant, I think I’m going to need your help sooner rather than later.   You are living in troubled times.   Evil is everywhere”
“Ah!” squealed Antonia. “Don’t tell me!   Don’t tell me! I know!   I know!”    
Ogg of course had already heard this, two hours later.   He didn’t want to hear it again.  Enough is enough!  He quickly interrupted her.
“I want you to listen carefully, Ant, because I’m going to tell you exactly why I need your help.   It’s a very complicated story, and you’ll need all your brainpower to understand it.”
Antonia admitted to being young and inexperienced, but she wasn’t stupid.   As far as she could tell, she had understood everything that Ogg had told her so far, and had even managed to come up with a few Great Philosophical Questions off her own bat.   So why should he doubt her ability to understand what was no more than just a collection of events?   It wasn’t the kind of attitude she expected of a Great Being, but she supposed even they must forget themselves sometimes.   She felt like telling him off, but she was in a forgiving mood and anyway Ogg had started to tell his story so she let it pass.  This time!     
 “As you know, I can travel freely in time and space, and I can look into the thoughts of every human being.   Recently, however, things have changed.” 
”What do you mean by recently?” Antonia asked.   It wasn’t just a question of semantics.   When you have the capability to travel through time, the meaning of certain expressions like ‘now’, ‘later’, and ‘earlier’ become a little confused.   So, without knowing it, Antonia had just formulated yet another Great Philosophical Question, and Ogg was at a loss for words.  Finally he said,
“If we can leave that difficult question to the side for now, let me tell you about these changes.   In my travels in time and space, there have always been a few minds I’ve been unable to read.   Not many, but the odd one or two.   However, on my last few visits to your time, I’ve noticed a considerable increase in the number of such minds.”
“Can I have a question?” Antonia asked.
“But of course.   It is only through questions that the knowledge of mankind is increased.” 
“Why can’t you read these minds?   After all, you can read the minds of every human being.”
“Ant, you should be ashamed of asking such a question.   It’s a simple question of logic.   I can read all human thoughts, I cannot read these thoughts, therefore…. ?”
“They don’t belong to humans!” Antonia shouted triumphantly.
“The next part is even more worrying.   I used to travel in a time not so far forward from now, when you are no longer a girl, but a full-grown woman.”
“What will I be like?   Will I have children?   Will I be rich and famous?”
Ogg looked at her and frowned.   Antonia had allowed her mind to stray from the point in question, an unforgivable fault in someone who has ambitions related to the solution of Great Philosophical Questions.  But who can resist the temptations of a fortune-teller?  Ogg ignored her and went on with his explanation.
“The last five or six times I’ve tried to visit you as an adult, I haven’t managed to get there.  It’s as if there is a barrier.   I try to go forward ten years, but now I can get to two years beyond today, but no further.”
“What does it mean, Ogg?”   
“Come on, Ant, you can work it out!   I can go as far into the future as I want, but I can’t go any further than two years ahead, therefore…?”
Antonia shivered.   The conclusion seemed both too obvious and too terrible to be true.
“In two years time, there is no future!”

Ogg and Antonia sat together.   Thinking in silence.    Antonia thought about the future where she was a woman.   Then she thought about this new non-future which had suddenly appeared from nowhere.   A future which ended in two years time.   
But the future is the future.   Isn’t it?    Ogg had seen her there.   Only now, there is to be no future in several years.    The world ends in two years.   
“Ogg, can there be two futures?   And if there are two futures, can there be two pasts?  And is this the only present, or are there lots of them?”
“Great Philosophical Questions, Ant.”  Ogg smiled an infuriating smile.
To be honest, Antonia was a bit browned off with Ogg’s Great Philosophical Questions.   There seemed to be no answers to any of them, only more questions.   
And there was Ogg, sitting motionless and silent in front of her.   He seemed tranquil and contemplative.   But at the same time he was darting back and forward in time and space, seeking opinions and gathering information to help him solve the mystery of the missing future.   So when a dark cloud passed over his face, it wasn’t the outward indication of some sudden awful thought.   It was the reaction to a new and terrible turn of events that he had discovered on his journeys.   Antonia had learned very quickly to understand this.
“What’s happened, Ogg?” Antonia asked when she saw his face darken.
“More bad news, Ant!   I’ve been spending a lot of time at the end of the future recently, looking for clues.   I would have expected some kind of warning.    A political crisis with great powers threatening each other with nuclear or biological weapons, for example.   But there was nothing more the usual bad-tempered squabbling of greedy people looking after their own interests.    Then I thought of some natural disaster, like an enormous comet from outer space.   No sign of that either!  A sudden massive weather phenomenon, perhaps?  No!   Nothing!     Nor were there any signs of a virulent widespread disease springing up abruptly and killing the whole of mankind instantaneously.   It doesn’t happen to me often, but for once I hadn’t the slightest inkling of where the problem might lie.  So I came back to this time.” 
“Thinking that you might find the answer here, with a smart person like me to help you.”
Ogg found himself thinking that Antonia sometimes tended to forget that pride was one of the seven deadly sins.   He threw a disapproving glare in her direction before continuing.   “Perhaps there is a connection between the end of the world and all these minds I can’t read.”
“The non-humans?  The aliens.  The invaders from another planet?”
“Don’t jump to conclusions!  Think properly! They might be aliens, but we don’t know that.   We don’t know exactly what they are, we only know what they’re not.    Logic tells us they’re not humans.   They might be from outer space, but there might be another explanation.”
“Sorry, Ogg!   Sloppy thinking again!”
“Anyway, the one thing I know is that, over the next two years, up to the point everything stops, more and more minds become closed to me.   ‘Could it be,’ I ask myself, ‘that these minds are shutting the gates of the future?’”
“Can I say something, Ogg?”
“Of course you can, Ant.”
“Does it really matter?” she asked.
“What?”   Ogg was completely taken off-guard.
“Does it really matter about the end of the future?    I mean the future used to go on and on, you know that because you’ve been there.   It’s only recently that it’s decided to end itself in a couple of years’ time.   Maybe it’s only a temporary thing.  And even if it’s not, so what?   There’s at least one future where I go on to have a career and maybe a family and presumably everyone else has a normal future too.   So if there’s another future which is so stupid it decides to pack it in a couple of years, does it really matter?”
“Ant, you’ve come up with a few G.P.Qs in the short time I’ve known you, but this is the best I’ve heard in a long time.   It’s one of the Greatest Philosophical Questions ever.”
Surprisingly, this particular compliment didn’t please Antonia in the least.         
“You mean you don’t know the answer?” she shouted.   
She immediately regretted shouting.   Her parents might be odd, but they had instilled a Victorian sense of propriety in their offspring, and she knew she ought to have shown more respect for her elders, especially someone as revered and ancient as Ogg.   But frustration had just gained a temporary victory over upbringing.  She was living in a world where no one seemed to really know anything important.  And all Ogg could do was calmly shrug his shoulders and shake his head.   
“Ant, you can’t expect me to have the answer to everything.   There are some people who pretend that I do, because they just can’t face up to uncertainty, but it isn’t true.  There are even some arrogant people who say the ‘Ogg knows everything.’ Then claim that I’ve told them all my secrets so they know everything too.   When everyone does know everything, maybe that’s when the future will end.   And maybe that’s why it does matter that the future, or at least one future, doesn’t prematurely end in two years’ time.   In any case, I don’t know if I can do anything about it, but I believe I have to try.”
This wasn’t much of an explanation.   More of an excuse really, and totally unworthy of a Great Being!    But Antonia baulked at telling him so.  Not that she was reticent, but she still felt she just didn’t know him well enough yet.  She was beginning to realise the difficulties that Great Beings had in living up to their reputations.  It was annoying, yes it was, but Ogg was doing his best.   It was obviously worrying him that he had no clue about the future.   No sense in further damaging his self esteem.!    
“Let us assume that it is important then, Ogg, although you will agree that we can’t be sure about it.”
 “Agreed!   So, working on the basis, which may or may not be true, that it is important to save the future from extinction, I formed a hypothesis,”
“A hypothesis which has to be tested,” Antonia interjected.   They had taught her the basic principles of scientific theory at school. 
“Which has to be tested,” Ogg concurred.   “My hypothesis was that there is some connection between those non-human minds which I can’t read, and the approaching end of the future.   I therefore decided to go forward to the end of the future once again and devote some attention to the phenomenon of the non-human minds.”
“What did you find out, Ogg?” 
“Nothing!”   
What did he mean ‘nothing’?    Just how flawed was Ogg going to turn out to be?  She could accept that he might not know everything, but with all his great powers he could surely find out something.
“Worse than nothing!” Ogg added.
“Nothing can be worse than nothing!”   From the point of view of pure logic, this was a very interesting statement, being at the same time a tautology and a paradox, and Ogg was sorely tempted to spend some time explaining all the possible meanings to Antonia.    But he had some world-shattering news to reveal, and he had been building up to its revelation rather nicely.  To postpone revealing the important news would have infuriated her once again.   
“Some things can be worse than nothing, Ant!   When I tried to go forward two years just now”
“To the end of the future”
“The previous end of the future!  When I tried to go back there, I couldn’t reach it.”
“How far could you get?”
“The new end of the future, Ant, is in one year’s time.”
Antonia shivered.   Her life expectancy had just gone from two years to one. It was a strange sensation having your whole future cut in half, just like that.




Chapter 3

“What we need to do,” Ogg announced, “is to lay all the facts out in front of us.   Then we may have to make some assumptions.    From these facts together with the assumptions, we can attempt, by a process of deduction, to formulate one or two hypotheses, or theories.    If we then test our hypotheses by experimentation, we will be able validate our assumptions.”
“Or invalidate them.” Antonia chipped in.   She wanted Ogg to know she was getting the hang of this logical thinking.
“Or invalidate them, and in the case of invalidation, we will revise our assumptions and repeat the process, on an iterative basis, until the truth becomes apparent.”
“Can I have a question?” 
“Questions are the source of knowledge.  Go ahead, Ant!”
“It is true,” she began, “that the process you have just described is of course the only correct way of thinking for humans.   But I was just thinking that it is entirely possible that the non-humans - who may or may not be aliens; we agreed that that was an assumption - that these non-humans may think in a different way entirely.   And if this is the case, might we not have to think in the same way as they do?”
Ogg shuddered.   The thought of anyone thinking in an incorrect way always disturbed him.  It was exactly that that kept the world in the horrible mess it always seemed to be in. 
“Ant, there are too many people in this world incapable of thinking in the correct fashion.   They frequently get into positions of great power and authority, and you only have to glance at the history books to see the kind of damage they can do.   So, while there may be some merit in your suggestion, I don’t believe I could bring myself to think in any other way than the correct way.   Besides, as we don’t know how the non­-humans think, I don’t see how we will be able to imitate them.”
Antonia found Ogg’s response a bit disappointing.   If there are non-humans with cogitative capacities there could well be more than one correct way of thinking.   So what exactly might these other ways of thinking be? Wasn’t that one worthy of some reflection?    Not to Ogg, apparently!  Well, in her opinion,. his lack of adventure and deep-seated conservatism in this matter weren’t worthy of him.   But she personally would dedicate some of her time to exploring this question, without Ogg’s help.   It would be something to do while the Chemistry teacher was attempting those boring experiments that never worked.  She was about to let her mind wander down that path right away,  but Ogg’s voice brought her back to the present problem.    
“Let’s look at the facts, Ant.   Fact number one - the world ends next year.”
‘In the current circumstances, the world ends next year,” Antonia corrected him, proudly.   “Our goal is to change these circumstances, and so save the world.”
“Yes…quite… er!   Fact number two – while there have always been a certain number of minds which are closed to me, the number of minds I can’t read has been increasing dramatically recently.”
“And as you can read all human minds, these minds must belong to creatures who are in some way not human.   Ogg, you couldn’t be wrong about your ability to read all human minds, could you?”
“Impossible, Ant!   The ability to read every single human mind and to travel at will through all times is the very definition of ‘Oggness’.  Why do you ask?”
“Because these two facts could be explained quite nicely by a diminution of your great powers, caused perhaps by the advent of old age.”   Antonia said this with a small voice.   First of all, nobody likes to be reminded they are getting on in years, and, secondly, she was afraid the idea of an Ogg with reduced powers might hurt his feelings.   But the logic was totally correct, and after all it was Ogg himself who had insisted that they go down the path of clear and proper thinking.
“Your deduction is entirely reasonable, Ant, but my powers are an inviolable given, so you will have to abandon this theory.   And, of course, the allusion to old-age is entirely out of place.”
‘Oh dear,’ Antonia thought, ‘I really have hurt his feelings.’
“Physically, I have the power to be any age I choose.  And also, as a time traveller, it is impossible to put an exact start date to my existence.   The whole idea of any age, either young or old, is therefore irrelevant in my case.”
Did she detect a slight emotional tremble in his voice?    Were his reasons slipping in the direction of excuses?   Better not upset him any more.   Better stick to listing the facts. 
‘Fact number three - the end of the world is getting earlier all the time.”
‘Not quite, Ant!   At first there was no end to the world.   Then I discovered that this had changed and suddenly it had decided to end in two years.  And now, it appears that the end of the world has moved again, and is only one year away. However, your conclusion that the end of the world will continue to get earlier and earlier is not a deduction but a mere extrapolation of current events and we don’t actually know if there will be a further change, or, if there is, in which direction it will be.   The events of the past are never an infallible predictor of the future.”
“Fact number three, then, is that the end of the world has just moved forward, once only, by one year,” Antonia corrected herself.
“Much better, Ant!   A clear, exact, definition of the evidence! Now, let’s think!   These are the facts, and now we need a theory.”
“Assumptions first!   You remember, you told me.   Facts, assumptions, then theory.”
Ogg frowned.   He hated it when someone caught him out..  Of course it should never happen, but even Great Beings are human.  Anyway, a mistake’s a mistake, all Ogg could hope for was that he didn’t sound too flustered when he scrambled through his reply. 
“Really, Ant, you’re mixing up the explanation of theories with their formulation.   Of course, to explain a theory, you start with facts, then it’s assumptions, and finally the theory.   But when you’re trying to create a theory, you start from the facts, then you make up a theory, and finally see what assumptions you have made.”
“Ogg, that’s cheating!” Antonia almost shouted.   “It’s like making up an answer and then deciding what the question is.”
“We live in a less than perfect world, Ant, even when it comes to the processes of correct thinking.”
In many ways, in spite of Ogg’s friendship and advice, the world was becoming more and more complicated for Antonia.   First of all, it was so difficult to think in a correct fashion, and then there were all those annoying Great Philosophical Questions.   It seemed that everything she wanted to know fell into the G.P.Q. category.    And now it appeared that the process of logical thinking itself was not inviolate, and could be changed whenever it was felt to be convenient.   If she lived to be thousand, she would never succeed in understanding the ways of the world.         
“Let’s think for a minute, Ant.   Let’s try to come up with a good sound theory.”
Ogg was lounging on the bedroom chair, rubbing his chin and screwing up his face in a puzzled frown, while Antonia was sitting up in bed, her head propped against the pillow, staring at the ceiling.   
‘I know what you’re thinking, Ant,’ he said.
“Ogg, I really wish you wouldn’t do that.   For one thing, it would have been much more polite to ask me like a proper person, instead of jumping inside my head and helping yourself.   And for another, I hadn’t quite finished formulating the idea myself.”    
“I just thought I would save some time.”
“Oh, really Ogg!   As if time made any difference to you.   If you need some more time you can just go back and start again.   You were just being wicked.”
“Wicked is a bit strong, but I do admit to being a little naughty.   But also I was testing out your deductive capabilities, and I’m glad to say you came through with flying colours.”
Antonia fixed him with the chilly gaze of an ice maiden.   All this stupid messing about!   She was glad she was a girl.   Even Ogg’s mind was chained for ever to male silliness.
“If you would be so kind as to listen, I will explain my idea to you, now that I have had time to reflect on it and to construct it in a clear and understandable fashion.”
Ogg nodded.   He knew never to cross a woman when her temper was up, no matter how young she was.
“It seems to me that the key to this mystery lies with the non-humans.   We know nothing about them, and I think we need to know more.   For example, how non-human are they?   Is their non-humanness genetic?  Is it handed down from father to son, from mother to daughter?   Are they born non-human, or can they become non-human later in life?”
“Good questions, Ant, and I have to admit I don’t know the answers.”
Antonia was sitting up in bed and her eyes were gleaming.   One hand she was stroking her chin, the other index finger was waving about as if she were in a swordfight.   Her hair was dishevelled from her night’s sleep.    Her white nightie had a strange ghostly look to it.   Had her mother had peeked into the bedroom just at that moment, she would have thought her daughter had gone completely off her rocker.   But Antonia’s mad dressmaking parent was fortunately sound asleep in her own bed, dreaming no doubt of ghastly grotesque garments she could make for her child   She was spared the demonic spectacle of Antonia enthusiastically expounding her latest ideas, the impeccable results of a fecund imagination and a faultless process of correct thinking. 
“In the absence of answers to these important questions,” Antonia ranted, ‘we will have to proceed on the basis of assumptions.   Suppose, for example, that non-humanness is indeed hereditary.    The growth in the number of minds closed to you could then be explained by the simple fact that these ‘people’ are reproducing at a much faster rate than we normal humans.   I haven’t yet quite worked out what this has to do with the end of the world.  
“On the other hand, should there be no hereditary element in non-humanness, then these non-humans must be coming from somewhere.   This assumption would thus favour the ‘invasion of aliens from outer space’ theory.   The end of the world may simply be the annihilation of the entire indigenous population of our planet by space invaders.   
“However, in the case where it is possible to convert from humanness to non-humanness, simply by closing one’s mind to your excellent advice and support, another explanation is indicated.   I don’t wish to hurt your feelings, but this would mean that you were suffering from a sharp decline in your popularity.   Though why everyone in the world should suddenly sever all contact with you suddenly at the same time, and so cut you off completely from the future, is a bit of a mystery.”
Antonia clutched her knees in her arms and beamed at Ogg.   Her logic was perfect, as any reader who tries to verify it with the aid of diagrams or to subject it to the rigours of algebraic proof will see.   Ogg was impressed.   It was surprising that it was Antonia and not Ogg who had produced such a deep and accurate analysis.   With all his powers, Ogg had to be infinitely more capable of such a feat than a teenage girl.   But any of Ogg’s friends will tell you that Ogg moves in mysterious ways.   He scorns the problems of Great Philosophical Questions.   He never ever expresses an opinion on the meaning of life, the nature of truth, or the hypocrisy of politicians.   However, he does encourage his friends to speculate on such weighty matters.   Then he proceeds to annoy them intensely by refusing to comment on their meagre attempts to resolve such insoluble problems.   When Antonia beamed in the hope of some enthusiastic response, Ogg merely grinned back weakly and shrugged his shoulders.  But it didn’t put her off.
“There are just too many things we don’t know, Ogg.  We need answers to some of these questions.   In your travels in space and time, you’ll have to talk to these non-humans, and find out more about them.”
“I can’t Ant!’   Ogg whimpered.    
What was wrong with Ogg?   Why was someone with such great powers so pathetic?   Was he moving in one of his mysterious ways?   Antonia was just a little suspicious.
“Why not?’ she asked, warily.
“I have terrible problems with these non-humans, Ant.   You know that I can’t read their minds, as I can with normal people.   And they don’t know I exist.   They can’t see me or hear me, so there’s absolutely no way I can communicate with them.”
“But humans can communicate with them?”
“Oh, yes.    To you, non-humans are indistinguishable from humans.   So you can meet with them, talk to them and listen to them.   But not me!”
Antonia put her hands over her ears, she didn’t want to hear this.   Up to then her future had been completely in Ogg’s safe and capable hands.   Apart from a few lapses of concentration, he was all-powerful, able to take care of everything.    The impending end of the world hadn’t been really all that worrying.   Ogg was there and in the end everything would work out all right.   Now Ogg had revealed the true extent of his limitations.   There was a large and apparently increasing section of the population completely out of his sphere of influence.   This must be why, in spite of Ogg’s worthy intentions and tremendous efforts, the world was and always had been such a terrible place.   Ogg’s failure to eradicate wars, disease and misery was now all too readily explainable.   But, while it was impossible to deny the wickedness of the past, there had always been the prospect of a better future.   Now the future might well be no better than the past, if indeed it was to happen at all.     
“This is terrible news, Ogg.    What are we going to do?   Will we ever be able to save the world?   Is the future doomed?” 
Antonia’s mind filled up with an immense darkness, stretching into infinity in every direction.   She was looking into a colourless void and only the rasping of her half sobs reminded her that she was still part of something.  It was scary.   Ogg noticed a little tear at the corner of each of her eyes, and to be honest her heavy breathing was deafening.   But, he had been around since before the beginning of time.   He had lived through an infinite number of lives an infinite number of eras.   He had seen absolutely everything before.   He knew nothing was either as good or as bad as it seemed, and he thought that this thought might comfort Antonia.    
“Nothing’s as bad as it seems, Ant!’
Antonia sniffed.   It was a thought she had heard too often from her mother.
“Don’t worry too much that I can’t communicate personally with those non-humans.   That’s exactly why I need your help.”
Antonia wiped her nose with edge of her sleeve.    It was a disgusting thing to do but her mother wasn’t there and Ogg was a friend.   And it was the quickest way to remove the tell-tale signs of despair.   Things weren’t so bad.   If he needed her help Ogg must have a plan.  Plans were good, there was something positive about plans. He had decided to move on from pointless platitudes to concrete actions.   And she didn’t want to listen with a snotty nose.
“You’re completely right.   We need to interrogate these non-human individuals further.   That’s where you come in.    I want you to travel with me in time and space, and talk to them for me.   You’ll be my interpreter.”
Antonia managed a grudging smile.   It seemed a good plan.   All was perhaps not lost after all.    The world could still be saved.   And there was the added bonus of a bit of travel in time and space and the adventures that would bring.




Chapter 4

The best part of a journey is the planning, especially if your trip is to somewhere you’ve never been before.    You go down to the library, you borrow some guidebooks and maybe a couple of geography texts, and you spend hundreds of happy hours browsing.  Where will you go?   What will you see?   Does Venice really smell as badly as they say?   Should we risk the Ramblas of Barcelona at night?   Can you see Naples and survive?    You pre-live exciting excursions, satisfying shopping-sprees, romantic encounters.   Before you step into the plane you have already had more fun than the trip could possibly give you, and the whole experience is doomed to be bit of an anti-climax.   No matter, your pre-travel dreams were well worth the price of the ticket. 
Antonia was just at this magical stage of planning her promised journeys through time and space when Ogg interrupted her thinking 
“Let’s be off, then!” he said.
“What, right now?   What about school?   And my breakfast?”
“Oh really, Ant, do try to think straight!   Our trip will take some time, of course, but not some of this time.   I’ll have you back here before you can wink an eye.”
Antonia wondered if there was some rule that Great Beings had to interrupt and spoil your very best private moments.  She had just been walking down a particularly interesting street in a fascinating country she didn’t recognise, and had been standing in front of an especially mysterious door when Ogg brought her back to reality before she could even peep inside.      
“Why the hurry?’ she asked, in what was a rather petulant voice.
“I don’t want to waste any time.”
“That is a stupid and totally illogical thing to say, Ogg.   Especially after what you have just told me.   You have total control of time.”
“I used to have total control of time.    Things are changing and we don’t have a moment to lose.” 
But Antonia hated going anywhere without at least a town map and a phrase book. Then there was the question of clothes.
“If we have to go right now, we have to.   But where and when are we going to?   I need to know what to wear?”
“Everything has been taken care of.   Let’s go!”
And with that Ogg whisked a truculent Antonia off into another time.    It was, to say the least, a disappointing journey.    Where were the exotic vehicles, the time-machine, the broomstick?   Where were the flashes of lightning and the ominous thunder rolls?   There wasn’t even a timid whisper or an apologetic squeak.   One second they were in her bedroom.  The next second they were in a completely different time and place.   
To Antonia’s mind, it was not an appropriate way for a Great Being with unbelievable powers to get about.    Whisking people about in time and space with no special effects!  It was so minimalist!  There should have at least been a whoosh of air, or an eerie whistle, or something.   But she had yet to learn that Ogg is not the ostentatious type.    He moves not only in mysterious ways, but also in unobtrusive ways.   This is a matter for concern among some of his friends and supporters, who are exactly the kind of people who go in for a bit of pomp and circumstance.   They often embellish his frequent visits with complicated rites and ceremonies of their own devising.    Ogg views such activities with an indulgent smile.   He is mysterious and unobtrusive, but he is also tolerant.   If they want to dress up, sing, dance and do some play-acting, and they enjoy it, why not let them?
Ogg asked Antonia if she had had a comfortable and pleasant journey.    
“Journey?   I hardly noticed it,” she told him, rather huffily, her back turned to him.
“Sign of a good journey,” Ogg replied.   Antonia left her silence hanging in the air by way of a reply.
“When are we?” she asked, after a suitable and, she hoped, edgy lapse of time.      
She knew where they were.   They were in a cul-de-sac.  It was the street where her school was, or, at the moment, wasn’t.   But she recognised some of the buildings, the older ones in her street.    At the bottom end, where her school should have been, was an old factory.    She supposed it made boots, the street was called ‘Boot Lane’.   She also found the frequent gaps in the terraced buildings fascinating.   She was used to seeing new, fashionable shops in these gaps.    Some had been cleared, but the rest were floored with a layer of dusty rubble.    Entrance was prevented by makeshift barbed-wire fences, adorned with signs saying ‘Keep Out’ or ‘Beware’ or ‘Danger’.   Some of the signs carried a red skull and crossbones.
Before Ogg could answer her question about when they were, they heard a voice shouting from the entrance to the cul-de-sac.   They turned to look.   There was a rather odd figure, dressed like a soldier in an army which had run out of money, waving frantically for them to come towards him.    He was wearing a tin hat and a rather shabby navy blue greatcoat.   He had some kind of armband, but they were too far away to read the writing on it.    He couldn’t possibly be a real soldier.   Even from a distance she could see that he was an elderly man, much older than her parents.   Possibly even as old as her grandfather.
“’Ere you two,” he shouted, “what yer doing down there?   Ain’t you ‘eard the siren?”
Antonia ran forward to answer him. 
“I beg your pardon, sir, but we haven’t heard anything.”
‘You ain’t from round ‘ere then, miss, are you?   You’re from up west, you are!  I can tell by the way you talk.”
Antonia wanted to tell him that she was from ‘round ‘ere’ but not from ‘round now’, but she realised rightly that it might be too complicated and incredible a story for him to swallow.   She just nodded her head.
“You won’t know where to go then, miss, to hide from them Germans with their bombs.”   
Antonia shook her head.   
“There ain’t no shelter.   Everyone dosses down in the Tube station  -just up the road there, on the left.”   He pointed up the main street.   “Take your grandpa up there, miss.   They’ll look after ‘im.   Give ‘im a nice cuppa, I should think.”
Antonia was surprised by the reference to her grandfather.   Then she suddenly realised she hadn’t looked at Ogg since they had arrived at whenever they were.   She had been walking much faster than him, so he was still behind her.   She had to turn round to inspect him.    He was a man of well over eighty, dressed in worn old clothes, and he was shuffling towards her with the aid of a stick.      She hadn’t been expecting him to change his appearance.   Did she still look the same herself?   She glanced down at her body, and saw she was wearing different clothes.   Just as well, it wasn’t polite to talk to strange people in your nightdress.   Mind you, if she had been allowed to choose, she wouldn’t have picked this coat.   It was a dark blue raincoat, not entirely clean and not in the least fashionable.    The dull grey knee-length woollen socks wouldn’t have been her choice either.    Nor the shoes, built for service rather than elegance.   As for the underwear, well, she couldn’t see it, but it felt awful – heavy, prickly and uncomfortable.   She wasn’t sure that Ogg was able to dress her much better than her eccentric mother.
Antonia ran towards the new elderly Ogg.    
“When are we?” she asked again.
“Haven’t you worked it out by now, Ant?  I’m disappointed in you.”
“History’s not my best subject.   During a war?”
“We’re in nineteen-forty.”    
“The man said we’ve to go to the Underground station.   Something about Germans and bombs.”
“I know.  It’s the Blitz.   And the Underground station is why we’re here.   There’ll be someone important there you have to talk to.”
“One of the non-humans?”
“Yes.  Take my arm and help me.”
Antonia put her arm around Ogg and trundled him up the main street.   It was hard going.   They made very slow progress.    It had really been very inconvenient of Ogg to take on the appearance of a decrepit OAP.   Too many inherent disadvantages in terms of mobility.   Although his ways of moving were mysterious, there is a good reason for everything that Ogg does, but what it could be in this case she had no idea.    So, remembering that Ogg had told her that it was only through questions that the knowledge of man was increased, she decided to ask.
“Can I have a question?”
“Of course you can, Ant.   It is only through questions that the knowledge of man is increased.”
(Many of Ogg’s friends derive comfort from the absolute consistency of his opinions, especially those who don’t quite understand them.   He has the habit of repeating himself frequently, so even his most dull-witted supporters have ample opportunity to learn his sayings parrot-fashion, and are thus able to expound his ideas without having the faintest idea of what they are talking about.   These kinds of people never ask questions, sometimes because they can’t work out what questions to ask, and sometimes because they are afraid they won’t understand the answers.    But Antonia had neither of these problems, and she pressed on confidently with her interrogation of the Great Being.)
“Why did you decide to change into an ancient cripple?    I hope you won’t get upset by me saying this, but it isn’t very practical, is it?   It’s really slowing us down.”
“There is a good reason for everything I do,” Ogg told her, shrugging his shoulders in the exact fashion that most got up Antonia’s nose.   
“Well, I can’t imagine what it is this time,” Antonia hissed.
Ogg grimaced silently.   They struggled on together in silence into the Underground Station, and Antonia panted and puffed to keep the Old Ogg upright. Was she hearing a cheeky whistle from under Ogg’s scarf?   She hoped not.     
At the Tube station, what Antonia didn’t need was a handful of tatty old uniforms nagging her to ‘get down the moving stairs and onto the platform in double quick time, miss’.   Couldn’t they see that Ogg was almost a cripple?   It had taken them forever just to get to the wretched Tube Station.   She didn’t know who was making her most angry - Ogg in his stupid impractical disguise - they and their senseless exhortations to ‘move a bit quicker’.   She was just preparing a piece of her mind for both of them when the initiative was wrung from her by two able-bodied wardens.   They lifted a surprised Ogg clear of the ground and whisked a whinging Ogg down the motionless moving stairs.   It was a miracle Antonia didn’t go head-over-heels trying to keep up with them.
Then she was suddenly abandoned again.  Everyone else in the crowded tube station knew exactly what had to be done.   Families were marking out pitches for themselves with mattresses and picnic hampers.   Folding chairs were being erected , cushions were being placed against already crowded walls.   Small groups of musicians were tuning up accordions, mouth organs and fiddles.   Children were being slid into sleeping bags and told to ‘drop off to sleep and be a nice littl’un’.   Beer bottles were emerging from large shopping bags.    ‘WVS’ badges were dispensing tea in white mugs and sympathy in clipped consonants.   Greetings were being made, gossip was being exchanged, health and family members were being enquired after.    There was noise from floor to ceiling – snoring, crying, talking, singing, shouting – and everywhere – on the floor, against the walls, on mattresses, on chairs –  were bodies – lying, sitting, standing, eating, sleeping, drinking.  
Antonia was desperate.   Ogg seemed to have decided to make himself as big a burden as possible.   
“Me old bones are so tired, Ant,” he whined in a phoney Cockney accent.   Antonia was looking around.   Every available space was taken, there was nowhere for him to sit down and rest.   Ogg had promised her an adventure.   She was having a nightmare.    She hoped she wasn’t sobbing.
“Don’t you go crying now, luv.   Bring the old ‘un over here!   He can squeeze in between my Tommy and my Marfa.” 
A plump motherly figure helped Ogg cross the platform and pushed him between two giggling seven or eight year-olds.   He propped his back against the platform wall and breathed a rather over-exaggerated sigh.   
“Thank you very much for your kindness,” Antonia said.
“Why, you ain’t from round ‘ere, are yer, miss?   You’re from up west, ain’t yer?  I can tell by the way you talk.”
“No, not exactly,” Antonia answered, not wanting to actually tell a lie.
“Well, miss, yer old un’ll be all right there.  Won’t yer, gran’father?   You run off and get yerself a nice cup of char!   We’ll look arter ‘im, won’t we, young uns?”
Antonia backed away, waving weakly at her ‘grandfather’, and walked up the station platform.
As Antonia was joining the end of the queue at the WVS stall, she wondered if Great Beings drank tea.   
“That’s very kind of you but no thanks,” Ogg’s voice rang in her head.   But should she get a cup for the friendly lady who had helped them?   She was a guest in their time and she was anxious to behave politely and properly.    She supposed that etiquette was more important in this time than it was in her own.   Her grandmother was always going on about how standards had declined and how people nowadays had no time for each other.   What should she do?   To tea or not to tea?   Fortunately she was rescued from her dilemma by another Ogg intervention informing her that the whole family were even now drinking happily from a large thermos flask.   Thank goodness!    She was there on a secret mission and she needed to avoid drawing attention to herself by inappropriate behaviour.               
She found herself standing at the tail of the queue beside a youth of nineteen or twenty.   To her he looked older, with his quaint greasy hair style, wide-collared suit with baggy trousers, over-sized overcoat.   He was whistling some tune which Antonia had never heard.   From time to time he shuffled his feet as if practising some intricate dance steps.   Whenever an attractive young woman passed he would stare at her pointedly.    The prettiest were rewarded by a hopeful “Hello sweetheart”; a greeting always totally ignored.    Antonia immediately decided he was a frivolous and irresponsible person.   He couldn’t possibly be Ogg’s person of particular significance.   
Antonia felt his inspecting eyes wandering all over her.   She tried hard to ignore him.   If she could have, she would have moved to the end of the queue, but it would have attracted a lot of attention.    She stared uncomfortably into space, at the roof, around the platform anywhere but at him.    From time to time she allowed herself a sideways glance in his direction.   She had a strange feeling of half recognition.  Odd!               
“Hello, sweetheart!” Their eyes had inadvertently crossed.   Damn!
How could she have been so stupid?   Ignore him!  Look around for Ogg’s non-human!
“Hello, sweetheart!” He gave her a playful push on the shoulder.
“I don’t believe I know you!” she said coldly.
“Antonio, sweetheart, but yer c’n call me Ant.”
Antonia found this similarity between their names somewhat disconcerting.   And there was something about his eyes that reminded her of her grandfather.   Could it be that this unlikely specimen was indeed Ogg’s person of particular significance?    She shivered.   
“If we have to speak, you may call me Miss Collins.”  She certainly wasn’t going to tell him her first name, especially not now, now that she had heard his. 
“Bit of a mouthful!   Couldn’t I just call yer sweetheart.”
“Certainly not!   I’m not in the market for a sweetheart at the moment.   But if I were, you wouldn’t be on the short list.”
“Well, we can just be good friends, then.” He offered Antonia his hand.   This put her into a bit of dilemma.    To refuse to grasp the proffered appendage would have been impolite.   She really wasn’t too sure that her new acquaintance was entirely clean, and she would have preferred to avoid all physical contact.   Oh well, such are the inconveniences of travelling!   She shook his hand somewhat gingerly.
“I can get you a nice pair of nylons, sweetheart.   Bargain price.”
What was he talking about?   What were these ‘nylons’?    And why did he think she would want buy them from some street hawker?
“Top quality.   American airmen.”  He winked at her.
Was he selling American airmen?    Why would she want to buy American airmen?    Did they have Action men dolls in the nineteen forties?   Did he think she still played with dolls?   Or was he some kind of pervert?          
“Did yer say yer name was Collins?” Antonio asked her.
“I said my name was Miss Collins!”
“Me girl friend’s name’s Collins.   Madge Collins.   Wouldn’t be a relative, would she?”
Her great grandmother’s maiden name had been Madge Collins.    Her grandfather, like her father, was called Anton.   She really didn’t know what to say.   She shook her head and changed the subject.
“Shouldn’t you be in the army?”
“Won’t have me!   Me parents are Italian, see!   Lucky we ain’t locked up in the Isle of Wight or summat.”    Antonia wished he had been.
Ogg suddenly appeared from nowhere and stood beside her.   She still wasn’t used to his rather eccentric habit of just materialising in front of her and it gave her a start.   He couldn’t see Ogg, of course, but her new companion couldn’t fail to notice Antonia’s reaction.
“You OK, sweetheart?”
Antonia’s eyes narrowed.
“I think I made it quite plain that I am not, never was, and never will be your sweetheart.   Please don’t call me that again.”
The nylon salesman shrugged.   He amused himself quietly for several minutes by trying to grab the attention of every female passer-bye under forty.   Did he imagine himself a young Casanova or did he have a large stock of ‘nylons’ to get rid of?      Ogg took the opportunity to have a short private conversation with Antonia.
“It’s O.K., Ant!   He can’t see or hear me.  He’s one of them.”
‘The non-humans?’   Antonia thought.   Her comment was only for Ogg and there was therefore no need to actually speak out loud, particularly as she didn’t want to be overheard.
“It’s going well, Ant.   I’m getting most of what he is saying.   But remember I can only reach his speech through your thoughts.  So you have to concentrate on every word”.
‘O.K., I will.   But he’s a pain.   Do I really have to talk to him?’
“Yes you do!   For two reasons.   First of all, we need to know as much as possible about these non-humans.   And secondly, you have a personal interest in him.   He’s your great grandfather.”    
She might have known it. 
 “The Madge Collins he told you about is your Madge Collins.   They’ll have a baby – your grandfather - and he’ll promise to marry her in two years.  But then he’ll leave her and go to the U.S.A.”
She had sussed him out right away.   He really was a creep.   Her great grandmother Collins had been the heroine of her early childhood.    A wonderful worshipped woman who had deserved the best.    She ought to have had a handsome prince or a noble knight.   She certainly didn’t deserve to be abandoned by this!   
They were almost at the head of the tea queue by this time, and in front of them everyone was busy serving or being served.   They were just about to step forward for their own cups, when an old lady lurched her way into the queue in front of them.    Her clothes were torn, dirty and threadbare.   Her grey skin and matching hair were streaked with grease.   A tattered old tartan shopping bag swung precariously from one arm.   She carried around her own private zone of stale alcohol stench, available to be shared by anyone who passed too close.    For Antonia she was a sad reject from a heartless society.   For her great grandfather, she was a nuisance.      
“What d’ya think yer doin’, missus?   Yer ain’t jumpin’ in like that, not if I’ve anyfink to do wif it.   Bugger off!”   He pushed her violently out of the queue.   Head drooped, she shuffled slowly down the line, right to the end, maybe a full twenty minutes from the warm cup of tea she needed so badly.   
Antonia was fuming.  She was fuming as the WVS lady handed her the cup, she was fuming as she marched to the back of the queue and she was still fuming when she handed the hot tea to the old woman.   She had hoped that this benelovent act would relieve her furious temper, but her anger was still out of control.   She needed something more.   So she fumed back up to the head of the queue, where an amazed Antonio was staring at her, his cup in one hand.
“What d’yer do that for?  Yer didn’t need to do that.”
“No I didn’t.  And I don’t need to do this, either.”   And, still fuming, she took the cup from his saucer, and threw the hot tea right in his face.   Antonio’s surprised screams finally put a stop to the full intensity of her fuming, but she was still feeling only a little bit less than furious.
Ogg must have thought things were getting out of hand, because, in his usual matter-of-fact and unostentatious way, he whisked both her and himself back to Antonia’s bedroom and her own time.




Chapter 5

Rampant rage is never conducive to rational reasoning.    Ogg knew that.  And he had full access to the turmoil of Antonia’s thoughts.   He should have known when her anger had subsided.   He should have been able to choose the perfect time to initiate a discussion.   But impatience got the better of him and he plunged in too soon.
“What did you make of that?” he asked. 
Antonia began with some words that no young lady of her age should ever resort to. And she ended with,
“And to think he’s my great grandfather!”
“Ant, in this world there are many kinds of people, some almost entirely, but not quite, good, and others almost entirely, but not quite, evil.”
“And the evil ones are the non-humans.   My great-grandfather is a non-human, and what he did to that poor old woman was really evil; therefore non-humans do evil things.   We have to get rid if the non-humans, that’s how to save the future for mankind.”
“Flawed thinking, Ant!  What about what you, a human, did to your great-grandfather with that cup of tea?   That was just as evil and quite dangerous.   You could have burnt his eyes out.”
“He deserved it.”
“Revenge, Ant.   An evil motivation for an evil act.”
“Oh, really, Ogg!   I was angry, O.K!   Don’t you Great Beings ever do anything even a little bit bad?”
“That, my dear Ant, is another Great Philosophical Question.” 
Antonia huffed.  She wasn’t expecting too much from her perfect friend, was she?   I mean, he was after all a Great Being,   Was to too much to ask that he was willing to accept the entire Antonia, with all her little deficiencies?   She was beginning to think that Ogg was showing worrying signs of not measuring up to her standards.    
“Let’s not waste time arguing, Ant!   Our main problem for the moment is to find a way to save the world.   So tell me, what did we learn from our trip?”
“Well,” she began, a little calmer now.   “I think we can reject the theory that non-humanness is hereditary.   My evil great-grandfather is a non-human.   If non-humanness was hereditary, I’d be a non-human too.”
“What you say sounds reasonable, but unfortunately the laws of genetics are a little complicated.   Sometimes family tendencies can skip a generation, or a brother may inherit a characteristic which a sister doesn’t get.   So I’m not sure we can yet entirely eliminate the genetic factor.”
“Well, what about my parents?   Are they human or non-human.”
“Your father is the perfect example of the hen-pecked human husband.   And, in spite of her rather quaint taste in fashion, I can assure you that your mother is entirely human too.”
“And what about my children?   You’ve been into my future.   You know them.  Will they be human or non-human?” 
“Ant, it is an inviolable principle that I never give my friends any personal information about their future.”
“But Ogg, the future of the world is at stake here.   Are there never any circumstances where expediency is more important then principle?”
“Another Great Philosophical Question, Ant.”
“You won’t get away with that this time,” Antonia shouted gleefully.   “You have to make up your mind.   Will you tell me or won’t you?   What are you going to do?”
Ogg suddenly felt very uncomfortable.    He moved in mysterious ways, specifically designed to avoid making pronouncements directly.   Pronouncements were the job of his many friends, spread throughout the world and throughout time.   Sometimes they would pronounce in his name, sometimes in their own, and frankly it made little difference to Ogg which they chose.    It happened, of course, that some of his so-called friends made assertions in his name which were the exact opposite of his views.   This could be very frustrating for him, particularly as it was just this sort of proclamation which resulted in the very misery and despair which it was his life’s work to prevent.   Although Ogg was powerful, he was not, as many claimed, all-powerful, and, in spite of the drawbacks of having to rely on others, he felt that this was a good thing.   But Antonia had backed him into a corner.   Whatever he did would be a personal pronouncement by him on a very important issue.   If he told her about her future children, he would be condoning pragmatism, white lies, and wars of convenience.   If he didn’t tell her, he would be giving implicit support to reactionary views, to traditionalism, to senseless martyrdom for unworthy causes.
But Ogg was a Great Being, with all his wondrous powers allayed to a fearsome intelligence.    There was one answer to his dilemma, and Ogg took it.   He used his supernatural abilities to travel back in time.   Not far, just a few moments, enough to avoid Antonia’s embarrassing Great Philosophical Question.
“And what about my children?   You’ve been into my future.   You know them.  Will they be human or non-human?” Antonia asked, for the first time in her case and the second time in Ogg’s.
“Any of your children will be entirely and completely human.”
It was only an oblique hint at her future and Antonia was tempted to ask more. But she resisted, remaining focussed entirely on the current problem, a hopeful sign for someone who had already decided that her future would lie in reflection on the ‘Great Philosophical Questions facing the Modern World’.
“In that case, it would seem that Great-Grandpa Antonio was a bit of an exception in our family, and that he didn’t perpetuate his non-humanness through his genes to his descendants.   Could we take the view that non-humanness, although perhaps not certainly, is very, very probably not a genetic condition and we need to look at behavioural factors for an explanation?”
“I could concur with such a carefully thought out and well-expressed concept, at least as a working hypothesis.   Shall we proceed on this basis of your idea?”
Antonia beamed with pleasure and nodded.
“Why not?   But what do we do next?”
“Ah, yes!” Ogg replied, and then, just as Antonia was expecting a particularly erudite suggestion, he fell silent.  They both spent some time in thought.   Ogg used his few spare microseconds to flashing about in time and space looking for inspiration.   Nevertheless, it was Antonia who was first to speak. 
“Can you tell me if my great-grandfather was always a non-human, right from birth?”
“Ah, you’ve hit on another problem.   You see, I don’t really have much affinity with children before a certain age.   It depends on the child, but usually it’s about ten or eleven.   Before that, I really have no contact with them.   I don’t know what’s going on in their minds,   I can never have any conversations with them.”
“Do you mean that we all start life as non-humans?”
“No!   Non-humanness is different.  This is more a kind of not-yet-humanness.       The essence of humanity is inquisitiveness.   Of course, all children are inquisitive, but with young children the questions are all ‘what’ questions.   Their parents or their teachers can help them with those.   Where I come in is when they start asking ‘why’ questions.   Parents and teachers try to answer these ‘why’ questions as well.   But the children soon realise that their parents and teachers don’t know the answers to these questions any better than they do themselves.   That’s when they turn to me.”
“And a fat lot of good it does them, Ogg!   You don’t have any answers either.   You just tell them that everything is a Great Philosophical Question.”
“Well, first of all, the truth is the truth.   And secondly, I don’t always tell everyone the same thing.”
“You mean you tell lies to some people.”   
“I never tell lies, Ant.”
Antonia thought about this for a few seconds.    They were having one of those conversations which seem totally illogical.   And yet she knew that Ogg was nothing if not completely logical.   She suspected that this was another of his subtle ways of testing her thinking.
“Do you mean to tell me,’ she asked, carefully, “that there are different truths for different people.”
“Ah, that is another of the Great Philosophical Questions.   Well done!”
“Oh Ogg, for goodness sake!   You’re absolutely infuriating.   And you’re distracting us from what we’re supposed to be thinking about.   I suggest we stick strictly to practical matters until we have eliminated this threat to the future of mankind.”
“O. K. Ant,” Ogg replied, hanging his head in a suitably penitent fashion.   Antonia felt she had got a bit of her own back for his interminable list of unanswerable questions.
“Fine!   If we don’t know when Great-Grandpa Antonio became a non-human, why don’t we go back in time and find out?”
“O.K. Ant!   You’re the boss!   Let’s go!”




Chapter 6

Once again, without any attempt to offer her some kind of ceremony or show, Ogg whisked Antonia off to another time and space.   In every other way Ogg was more or less the ideal friend.   But, when it came to time-travel with Ogg, Antonia felt like she was standing in front of a locked-up sweet shop without the key.   When you have a friend with infinite knowledge and unbelievable powers, you are entitled to look forward to a bit of a spectacle.   The occasional paranormal apparition or miraculous manifestation wouldn’t have been out of place.   Antonia just couldn’t understand why Ogg played everything so low-key.   He should have realised - he must have realised - that his followers were susceptible to a touch of mysticism and ritual.  Yet here she was again, certainly in a strange place and most probably in a strange time, and she had no feeling of having made a journey at all.   If there was a certain way to take the fun out of time travel, Ogg had found it.
“Come sta, bella cara?” a voice beside her said, and Antonia turned to look.   A brown-faced boy of about fourteen with dark curly hair was smiling at her through yellow teeth.   He smelt faintly of garlic.   Ogg’s disguise for this trip.
“If you’re trying to tell me we’re in Italy, Ogg, you could have chosen a more straightforward way of putting it.   And we can do without the beautiful sweetheart bit.   Don’t you think I had enough of that with my sleazy great grandfather?”
“Pretty city, this.   Don’t you think, Ant?”
Antonia looked around in wonder.   They were standing beside a white marble cathedral, one she knew well from picture books. 
   “Oh, it’s Florence.   I’ve always wanted to come here.   Thank you, Ogg!    I can almost forgive you for the boring journey.”
“Let’s go exploring!” Ogg suggested, and they made their way away from the cathedral and down the narrow streets which Ogg knew led to the river.    Ogg was a few paces in front, playing that stupid children’s game of walking with one foot on the pavement and the other on the road, and whistling a tuneless version of an old Verdi aria, when Antonia pulled him up short with a totally unexpected comment.
“There’s a strange sensation of evil about this whole place.  Can’t you feel it?”
“What kind of way is that to think, Ant?   You have absolutely no evidence for a such a rash and unjustified statement.”
Ogg knew he was completely right.   The sky was blue; the sun was shining.   It was warm, but still too early in the morning and still too early in the year to be too hot.   The ironwork-decorated facades of the ancient buildings were faded, but elegant.   The streets were worn by centuries of traffic, but clean.   The few people who had crossed their path had been pre-occupied, but smiling.   It would make anyone want to sing, or least hum a little tune.   It certainly did Ogg, if not Antonia.   There were the thugs, of course, but Antonia hadn’t come across any of them yet.   So she had no reason to suspect the oppressive presence of evil.   Maybe she had just said it to get him to stop whistling.    
“Can’t evil exist as an intangible presence, just hanging somewhere in the air?”
This girl was getting just too good at formulating these Great Philosophical Questions.   If Ogg weren’t careful, she would eventually trick him into answering one of them.  Not this time, though!
“Great GPQ, Ant.   What do you think yourself?”
Antonia’s eyes narrowed.   
“Well, you can think what you like, Ogg.   I’m sure I’m right.”
And indeed she was, as she found out when they got to that quaint little bridge, the one with all the jeweller’s shops.   Ponte Vecchio.   It was there that Antonia had her first encounter with the thugs.
Some people are of an excessively sentimental and protective nature.   Such a thing is a major hindrance to proper rational thought and the correct process of cogitation and reflection.  Women are said to be particularly susceptible to this debilitating character flaw, and Antonia was, unfortunately, a typical example of her gender in this regard.    So her sympathies were immediately aroused for the elderly little man.   For one thing, the thugs were all much younger and much bigger than him.   Then there were so many of them, but he was on his own.   And while the little old man was carrying only a battered leather briefcase, the thugs were kitted out with large clubs undoubtedly much harder than the skull of an average human.   Antonia’s Italian wasn’t quite up to everything the thugs were screaming at their victim, but what she did understand was far from complementary.   She was beginning to get very angry, and was just on the point of making what would have been a provocative and dangerous interjection, when Ogg intervened with a silently expressed comment.
“Mussolini supporters!   Blackshirts!”
“When are we?”
“Nineteen-thirty.   Il Duce has just come to power.”
“I knew it!   I sensed the evil!   I was right all along!”
But before she and Ogg could get embroiled in a philosophical debate about her premonitions and the meaning of evil, events took a turn for the worse.   The thugs had pushed the old man to the ground, and were kicking him and beating them with their clubs.   They were grunting and swearing, he was whimpering.   Then suddenly it was all over.   Antonia didn’t even have time to express her indignation.   The old man was on a heap on the road, blood streaming from his head.   The Blackshirts were disappearing down the street in an arrogant march, their threatening clubs swinging above their heads.   The motionless crowd gazed silently at the heaped body.   Antonia couldn’t understand why no-one stirred, why no-one stepped forward to help the injured old man.  She rushed forward.
“What’s wrong with you,” she screamed at the surrounding figures from the ground beside the blood-soaked victim.  “Why don’t you help him?   Can’t you see he’s badly hurt?”
“Only Jew, signorina!  Not important!   Dirty Jew only!   Not real Italian!”
Antonia looked up at the tanned twelve-year-old urchin who was speaking to her in bad English.
“What do you mean, only a Jew?   He’s a person, a human being.   Somebody, help me!”
A tall dark man in his mid-thirties was standing beside the boy.   
“Antonio, where you learn such a horrible things?   Excuse me, signorina, my son listen too much to Fascisti.   I think he too young to understand.  I am sorry.”
Antonio?   Was this horrible Antonio the same horrible Antonio she had met on the tube station platform ten years later?   Antonia would have loved to ask him, but of course it wouldn’t have made any sense to him.  So instead she glanced at Ogg, who gave her a meaningful nod.   Antonia might have known it.   The creep!
Antonio’s father -  and therefore her own great great-grandfather – knelt beside her.
“Let me help you, please.   We can take him to my home.”
But suddenly the silent frightened statues surrounding her sprang to life.
“Let me see him, I’m a doctor,” a man said in Italian, and joined Antonia at ground level.
“I’ll help you!  I’m a nurse,” a lady added, bustling in.
Antonia soon found herself on the outside of a circle of now concerned good Samaritans encircling the victim.   Why were they suddenly so active?   She looked around for the Blackshirts.   Gone!   ‘Snivelling cowards,’ she thought, and immediately felt guilty.   At least they were helping the old man now.   They were basically good people.
“It’s not a good time to be tourist in my country, signorina.   Where are your parents?”
Antonia didn’t know what to say.   She didn’t want to tell a lie.   Then she noted with amazement that Ogg seemed to have no such hang-ups.
“Sightseeing.   Old churches and pictures aren’t so exciting for us, so we escaped.”
Antonia couldn’t understand how Ogg could tell such barefaced fibs.   And so coolly, with no hint of embarrassment!   I mean, if you can’t trust a Great Being, who can you trust?   And she remembered that he had already claimed he always told the truth.  This was undoubtedly a mysterious way for an Ogg to move in.
“Why I not take you for a gelato while you wait for your parents?   We will go with my son to the café of my mother”
This struck Antonia as a great idea.   So good she immediately forgot about Ogg’s mendacity.   If the world had to end, what better way to end than with a large Italian ice cream!   Too bad that the horrible Antonio had to come too!   Ogg was looking pleased though.    Did Great Beings also have a weakness for ice cream, or did he just want her to interrogate the brat?
The feast turned out to be a bit of a mixed blessing for Antonia.   The authentic Italian ice-cream was exquisite, but, apart from her great-great grandfather, the company left a lot to be desired.   Ogg and Antonio had wedged her in between them, and they were taking advantage of the situation to play all the rotten tricks which nasty boys use to torment nice girls.   They weren’t going to get her upset. Oh, no!   It was the sort of thing they had done in the classroom in her primary  school.    And it was just what she would have expected of her great-grandfather, but she was so disappointed in Ogg.   True, it wasn’t him who tipped her elbow and made her drop a large spoonful over her dress.   And while Antonio’s digs in the ribs were actually painful, Ogg’s were no more than playful.   Ogg was probably just having fun; in spite of his great – in fact infinite – age he was still a boy at heart.   But if she hadn’t known better, she would have believed that Antonio was getting his own back for the incident some years later in the London Tube station.   The only way to deal with this sort of stupidity was to hold one’s head high, ignore all provocation, and continue to consume one’s ice-cream in a dignified or even regal manner.
Then Antonio pushed her ice-cream laden spoon right into her nose.  She screamed.
“Ogg, stop this messing about and get me out of here!” she hissed.
Ogg obediently whisked them back to Antonia’s time and place, leaving their two hosts to think goodness knows what.




Chapter 7

Antonia knew she was back in her own bedroom.   The purple and orange flowery curtains, the black and turquoise diamonds on her bedspread, the rainbow swirls on her bedroom carpet were unique.   Only her mother could have chosen these things.   Although her head was spinning, she recognised them right away.
So she knew where she was, but she was beginning to get totally confused about when.   She supposed she was suffering from time-travel lag, because she couldn’t focus too well and she was having difficulty concentrating.   Travelling at breakneck speed across time and continents couldn’t be good for you.   It was hardly surprising that Ogg, Great Being though he was, made the occasional faux pas.   How many wars could have been avoided if he had only paused for long enough to take a couple of travel sickness pills?
Ogg, seeing how pale she was, handed her a glass of water.
“You get used to it after a while, Ant.   Drink this.  It’ll make you feel better.” 
“Thanks Ogg.   When are we?”
“Just exactly ten seconds after the time we left for our first trip.   But if you want to be sometime else, we can go.”
“No, please.   Don’t move me again!   Let me stay here a few seconds and I’ll be O.K.   I want to think.”
“Excellent idea, Ant!   Nothing like a good bout of thinking to put the colour back in your cheeks!  I’ll just shut up and give you a bit of peace for quiet reflection.”
“Please!”
When it comes to doing nothing, Great Beings have a pretty low attention span, and Ogg began his bored, tuneless whistling almost as soon as he had finished this last sentence.    Antonia forced herself to speak before she was really ready, just to shut him up.
“I have a theory, Ogg,” she said.
“Oh, are you feeling better then?”
“No, but I’m allergic to whistling, especially tuneless whistling?” 
“I can understand that.  Me too!”   
“Don’t you want to hear my theory, then?”
“Only if you’re up to it!   Maybe you should give yourself another couple of minutes.”   And he started to whistle again.
“No, Ogg!  I want to tell you know.   Please shut up and listen!”
“Of course!” 
“My theory is that the world is threatened by dark, magical, mythical, evil forces.”
“Ah!’ said Ogg.
“Ah what?”
“Just ‘Ah!’”
What kind of response was this to a serious scientific suggestion?   Wasn’t he going to explore her theory, balance it against the facts, question her assumptions?  Weren’t they going to think about it in the correct rigorous manner, subject it to algebraic proof, examine it carefully for dodgy deductions and careless conclusions? Antonia waited.   Apparently they weren’t.
“Well, Ogg?”
“Quite well, Ant, thanks!”
“Look, I know I’ve mentioned something like this before.   But you’ve been teaching me, and I’ve been learning.   I’ve really thought this through.   This is a solid, well constructed theory based on the facts, with a minimum of assumptions thrown in to make sense of the whole thing.”
“Oh, yes?” said Ogg.
“Take my great grandfather’s evilness.   Where does it come from?   Not from the family.   His dad’s a gentleman and his gran’s a dear.  His descendents, from my grandfather right down to me, are paragons of virtue and goodness.”
“If occasionally a touch immodest” Ogg interjected.   Antonia appeared not to hear. 
“But Antonio’s a vindictive, opinionated, unreliable slob who never thinks of anyone but himself.   A perfect example of evilness personified, I would say.   And he certainly didn’t get it from his dad.”
“Maybe his father gave him the evilness and in that way got rid of it himself.”
“Stupid idea, Ogg!   No, the evilness comes from somewhere else.   It’s in the air, waiting, watching, looking for a likely body to which it can attach itself.   It’s the only logical explanation”
“Is it?”
“Of course it is.  And that’s our mission.   To neutralise the evil spirits, and save the world.”
Antonia couldn’t understand why Ogg was so silent.   And why was he frowning? Didn’t her theory fit the facts?   Wasn’t it the only possible explanation?   And how much clearer could the way forward be?   Say something, Ogg!  He did.
“Ant, exactly how evil do you think your great-grandfather is?”
Antonia’s theory didn’t have a mechanism for measuring the extent of evil.   She hadn’t supposed it would be needed.   It was annoying how Ogg caught her out every time she made the tiniest little slip in her thinking process.
“You know him as well as me.   He’s certainly not very nice.”
“You see, Ant, I’ve seen a lot of wickedness in my time.   In fact, I’ve seen it all.   And your great-grandfather’s contribution to universal malice is really pretty insignificant, I’m afraid.”
Antonia didn’t find this observation all that comforting.   She didn’t want a black sheep, but if she had to have one, she wanted a good one.   What right had Ogg to slight her family’s claim to notoriety?    Leering at lovely ladies, worrying weak old women, following fascist fanatics and ruining her enjoyment of ice-cream maybe didn’t amount to much compared to warmongers, torturers, and mass murderers.   But this was the young, unformed Antonio.   With age, he would undoubtedly get better at badness.  Abandoning her great-grandmother and their new baby was already a step forward.   Ogg may only have seen him as a sheep of an insipid sort of grey, but she was certain that his colouring had the potential to darken considerably.
Ogg meantime was struggling with another problem.   Antonia’s latest attempt at logic hadn’t been too impressive.   What she had come up with was frankly a badly conceived and silly sort of theory.  There was a lot of evidence of emotional involvement in her thought processes, and she didn’t seem able to divest herself of this irrational penchant for something magical.   But how to tell her without damaging her confidence too much?   Maybe there was a way.   She was always enthusiastic about learning new things.
“You know, Ant, I’m not sure you fully understand exactly what ‘evil’ really means.”
“Evil is bad”
“If only things were so simple, Ant.   Come with me!”
And, although Antonia hadn’t yet recovered from their last whizz through time and space, off they were again.




Chapter 8

 And so Antonia found herself in another strange place and time.   It had been another non-journey.    She didn’t really mind.   She hadn’t been expecting much.   If you don’t get your hopes up, you’re never disappointed.   
This time she knew that she herself was different.   For one thing, her clothes weren’t right.  She couldn’t see them, but she could sense them clinging unnaturally to her.   And her skin?   It felt as if it were someone else’s.   What had Ogg done to her this trip?
She wished there were more light so she could give herself a right good inspection.   But they were in a dark, funereal, side street.   Tall buildings watched over the solemn blackness, sentinels against the invasion of moonlight.   Scattered street lamps cast little puddles of light, tiny candles keeping vigil over secret shadows and subterranean tombs.  A hundred metres away, the city was alive.   Antonia could imagine she heard the living move busily around town in cars, taxis and buses.   But the rumble of the city’s heartbeat faded out before it reached her ears.  Only an occasional car horn came to her in an eerie scream.   A warm pink glow of activity tried to reach from the civilised main street into the silent darkness, without quite making it to where she was standing, shivering in the summer evening heat.   
She clutched Ogg’s arm.   He had changed his form again, but she didn’t quite know how.   All she could see was that he was dressed in a man’s clothes.    He seemed to be taking her towards a heavy wooden door, bathed in a sinister red light. An awning stretched halfway across the pavement in front of it.  Her heels clacked on the paving stones and echoes betrayed monsters lying in wait in the darkness.   She gripped Ogg’s arm more tightly.   She was cold, frightened, and tottering precariously on noisy high-heeled shoes.   Where were they?     When were they?   What had Ogg changed into this time?   And what on earth had he done to her?                                        
They were under the awning, bathed in pink.   The door in front of them creaked open, and searing white light and loud jazz escaped into the deathly darkness behind them.   A liveried doorman stooped before them. 
“Welcome madam, welcome sir.   This way please.”
They were escorted across an elegant mirrored hall and Ogg was taking a silk evening shawl from her shoulders.   At last she could see herself, and she was amazed.   She had to look twice to make sure it wasn’t someone else.   Ogg had decked her out in a long black satin evening gown.   The diamond necklace and matching earrings must have been priceless.  And who would have thought that anyone could create such a work of art from her usually straggly hair?   And she was wearing make-up, not the teenage dabs she experimented with in the privacy of her bedroom, but genuine sophisticated stuff like you see in fashion magazines.  She looked years older than she was, she looked magnificent, but yes it was still her.   Was this the look her mother had in mind when her tormented mind struggled over curtain material and sewing box?
“What have you done to me, Ogg?” she whispered.
“Only the best for you, Ant?”
“Why have you dressed me up like a film star?”
“All in the line of duty.”
What duty?  She caught another glimpse of them both in a passing mirror.   Ogg was a square-cut greying-haired forty-year-old in a dinner suit.   What were are a couple of normal sensible people doing in this brash nightspot, impersonating some beautiful show-business couple?   Ogg does move in mysterious ways.
They wandered though to a large noisy dining room
“Table for two, sir?’  A bow-tie scraped and bowed before them.
They followed it to a table near the edge of the dance floor.   It pulled a chair away from the table and bowed and scraped again
“If you please, madam?”
As Antonia sat down, the bow-tie pushed the chair under her.
“Champagne, sir, for the lady?  And whiskey for you?”
Ogg nodded silently.
“I can’t drink champagne, Ogg.   What are you thinking of?”
“It’ll only be sparkling water with flavouring.   Nothing here’s real.”
Another, less important, bow-tie came with the drinks and the French menus.   Antonia puzzled over the florid descriptions of the dishes, in spite of her fluent French.   Her bewilderment must have been apparent on her face, because the bow-tie sneered.
“Would madam like the English version?”
“Je vous remercie, mais je comprend très bien celui-ci,” she smiled.   The bow-tie looked sheepish and confused. 
“Would monsieur like the English version?” she added, mischievously.  Ogg shook his head. 
As the bow-tie retreated, Antonia hissed.
“Phoney!”
“Très américaine, Ant”
Antonia sipped her flavoured sparkling water and looked around her.    The décor was Mozart and Strauss, but the music was Sinatra and Cole Porter.   Small intimate tables for two bordered the dance floor, couples looking exactly like her and Ogg, forty something successes in dinner jackets trailing twenty-something ornaments in satin evening gowns.   Deeper into the room, against the walls, larger tables harboured groups of rowdy businessmen of all ages.   Armies of scantily-clad girls moved among them, selling cigars and having their bottoms pinched.
A squat balding fifty year old tuxedo with a cigar stood before them. 
“You havin’ a good time?   I ain’t seen you ‘round here before.”
“We’re from out of town,” Ogg drawled, and Antonia choked on her sparkling water.
“Well, you sure picked the right place for good entertainment.   I’m Harry.   Harry Biaggi.   This is my joint.   D’ya like it?”
“Well, yeah, Harry, I do.   It’s a real nice place you got here.”
“We try to be classy.   Howd’ya find us.”   Harry snapped his fingers as he said his and a bow-tie appeared and slid a seat under him.  He sat down. 
“Well Harry, A friend told us about your place.   Big Marty, from Miami.   He said you gotta guy working for you that we know.  Name of Antonio.  An Italian, but he came here from London just after the war.”
“You mean Tony, Tony the Hammer.   What’s your connection with Tony the Hammer?”
“My secretary here’s a kinda relative of his?”
“Hey, you from the old country too, lady?”
“Not directly.   But I’ve got some Italian connections.”
“Well, whadyya know?   What do you guys do?”
“Business,” Ogg said.   “Business, Harry.   You know what I mean.”
“Oh sure, Mister….Eh?”
“Smith.   Ogden Smith.   You can call me Ogg.”
“Maybe we can do some business.   Big Marty’s one of the people.   You know big Marty, it’s a calling card.  You got a reputation already.”
“Harry, I’m always interested in business.”
“Well, Ogden, let’s talk!  But what about the broad?   Dames make me nervous.   They ain’t too good at keepin’ their big mouths shut.” 
“Harry, Antonia knows all my secrets.    I trust her, you can trust her.”
“I know how to be discreet, Mr. Harry,” Antonia chipped in.
While Ogg and Antonia were talking, Harry snapped his fingers.    A supplicating bow-tie appeared, Harry whispered to it, and the bow-tie scurried off.
“Young lady, I’m sure you do.   But you see, me, I’m an old man.   I got my traditions.   Women and business don’t mix, see.   So here’s what you’re gonna do.   Your relative, Tony the Hammer, he’s gonna come over and he’s gonna ask you to dance.   And to make an old man happy, you’re gonna dance with the fat creep.   You and Tony are gonna catch up on family history, and me and your boss are gonna do some business.”
Antonia recognised the figure standing beside the nightclub owner right away.   He had changed a lot, but it was unmistakably her great-grandfather.   He was fifteen years or so older than he had been in London.   His waist had thickened.   His face was no longer fresh.   There were lines of worry, furrows of age, a subservient droop at the corners of the mouth.    His over-confidence seemed to have been replaced by under-confidence.   The nose she remembered as so fine had been flattened into a sort of amorphous blob.   His jaws had fattened and dropped into his squat neck.  Most of his hair had gone, leaving a flat square head, the obvious reason for the nickname of Tony the Hammer.
“Tony, this young lady is kinda your cousin.   Ask her to dance, willya?”
‘Yes, Mr. Biaggi.”
Antonia was panicking inside.   She was far too young to be in a place like this, wearing clothes much too old for her and drinking fake alcohol.   How long did Ogg expect her to keep up this façade?   And dancing wasn’t one of her accomplishments.   She would be caught out now.    But Ogg’s silent voice was whispering inside her head.
“It’s OK Ant.  Go ahead.   I’ll see you’re all right.”
He’d better!   She smiled sweetly at her great-grandfather bowing gallantly before her. 
“Would you care to dance, miss?”
“Delighted,” she replied and swept to her feet.   Tony the Hammer guided her skilfully to the edge of the dance floor.
“Take your time, Tony.   We’re talkin’ business here,” Harry shouted after them.
Antonio was amazed at how well her great-grandfather could dance.    She was even more amazed that, helped by Ogg’s silent guidance, she seemed to be able to follow him perfectly.   As a couple, they danced so well that a number of the other dancers stopped to watch and admire. They glided past an elderly man and woman and Antonia overheard,  “They’re so good together you’d think they was family.”
This was much too close to the truth for Antonia.   Besides, with all these people watching someone was going to pierce her thin disguise sooner or later.   And they weren’t among the kind of people who would take kindly to discovering they were being tricked.   Better to avoid all this attention.
“Could we sit down, Mr Hammer?  I’m feeling a bit dizzy.”
“My name ain’t Hammer, honey.   That’s just a nickname.   On account of my job.”
“You’re a carpenter?”
“Nah!” he laughed. “You got it all wrong.    When guys don’t do what they should, I break their arms – with a hammer.”
Well, his appearance might have changed, but his character was still exactly the same.   Had the evil spirits taken him over completely, or was there still a residue of remorse somewhere in his psyche?
“Don’t you feel sorry for those poor people whom you so gratuitously injure?”
“ Shucks, no!   I figure if Mr. Biaggi wants that I should break their arms, they musta done something real bad.”
“But breaking their arms!   Horrible!”  Antonia shuddered.
“Hey, I don’t do it all that often.  Usually I just shoot them!”
“Why?”
“Mr. Biaggi tells me.”
“You do everything Mr. Biaggi tells you?”
“Sure!  He’s a great guy.   He’s always looked after me.   I got a nice apartment, big car.   I eat good.   I’m the American Dream.    Mr. Biaggi’s always telling me.   ‘You done well to stick with me, Tony,’ he says.  “Look at you!   You’re the American Dream.’  And he gets me broads.   Like you, honey.”
He was still recognisably her great-grandfather.   In America, ‘Antonio’ had become ‘Tony’ and ‘sweetheart’ had become ‘honey’.   But underneath he was the same selfish, amoral lecher.     
“Whatever you’re thinking about me, Mr Harry the Hammer, you can just stop it this minute.   First of all, I’m a relative.   Secondly, I’m much too young for you.   And in any case, I came here with Mr. Ogg.”
They were still dancing, and once again Antonia felt herself the centre of attention on the dance floor.
“Please can we sit down?”
“Sure, honey.”   He took her to an empty table a long way from where Ogg and Harry Biaggi were discussing whatever their business was.   Antonia had resolved to wreak some signs of repentance from her apparently emotionless ancestor.
“And what about your English girl friend, Madge Collins?”
“Hey, how do you know about her?”
“I’m a relative, remember.”
“Oh, yeah!”   
This vague remark seemed to satisfy him.   Antonia had never come across anyone who displayed such a lack of curiosity.
“Don’t you ever miss Madge?”
Tony the Hammer didn’t answer right away.   Maybe he hadn’t heard her.   Should she ask him again?   Would there be any point?   He looked as if he had stopped listening to her.
“You got a photo of her?” he croaked, eventually.
She had a photo.   Of Madge Collins, her great-grandfather and his jilted bride, and of Anton Collins senior, her grandfather and his abandoned son.   They were standing on a sunny beach, Southend or Margate, she wasn’t sure.   It was a holiday photo, from a time when holidays were few, hard won, and a time for exuberant celebration.    And yet it was sad photo.  The figures in the background were having fun; in the foreground a skinny six-year-old boy was clinging desperately to his mother’s arms, two faces forcing an empty smile for an anonymous photographer.   She wished she had it, to show it to this wicked and irresponsible vagabond who was the cause of their grief.   But it was safely stored away, among her private possessions, in the second drawer of the bedside cabinet on the left of her bed.
“Second drawer, left hand cabinet, no problem!”   Ogg’s voice intruded silently into her thoughts.   “I’ll get it and slip it in your evening bag.”   
Ogg could be extremely useful sometimes.  But she didn’t have the bag.   She’d left it on the table where Ogg and Harry were deep in discussion.
“Excuse me!” she said, and shot off.   She was back, bag in hand, sitting in front of a worried Tony the Hammer before he could move.   
“You shouldn’t have done that.   Mr Biaggi don’t like it when broads interrupt his business conversations.”
“He didn’t even see me.   Here’s a photo of  Madge and your son.”
Tony took a long time over the photo.   Did he see their empty smiles and dark faces in the midst of gaiety?   Did he realise he who was the reason they were always on the outside of every general celebration?  Was he feeling guilty?   She hoped so.
“She don’t look no different.   She’s a beautiful girl.”
“Don’t you think she looks a bit sad?” Antonia prompted.
“Naw!  Look, they’re smiling.  And the kid, ain’t he just great?” 
Great wasn’t how Antonia saw the lonely, fatherless boy.
“He’ll be about fifteen or sixteen now.   This has gotta be an old photo.”
‘Much older than you think,’ Antonia thought. 
“Why did you abandon them?”
“Huh?”
“Why did you leave?”
“Madge made me come.”
“What?”
“Yeah, I had some problems in London.   I was doin’ a job for some guy.   Black market, you gotta make a living.    Only it all went wrong.   I don’t know how it happened, some of these guys was real clever.   Anyway, there I was, no merchandise and no dough, with a boss who’d put two other guys in the cemetery the week before.   Madge knew about him, though.   She was frightened for me.   She gave me all her savings, and put me on a boat for America.”
“Why didn’t she go with you?”
“We didn’t have enough money.”
“You could have sent for her.   You’re not poor now.   You’re the American Dream for goodness sake.”
“Hey sister, keep your hair on!   I’m not a bad guy.”
“Oh no!   You’re a good guy who abandons little babies.   You’re a good guy who breaks people’s arms when you don’t shoot them.” 
“I’m just a soldier.   I follow orders, see!”
“And what about Madge and her baby?”
“I send them some dough every month.   I write her.   I’ve asked her to come over a million times.   I’ve sent her boat tickets.   She don’t answer my letters.   What’s a guy supposed to do?”
Could she believe this?    Why would her great-grandmother refuse to come over and join her lover?   She loved him all her life, Antonia knew that.   She never got married, she never had a relationship with another man.   She often talked with Antonia about him.   My Antonio, my Italian Romeo – how many times had she heard that?   And this American gangster was telling her that her great-grandmother stubbornly refused countless opportunities to make a life with the man she loved so desperately.   It wasn’t logical.
“I don’t believe you, Tony,” she said. 
“Look lady, why should I lie to you?   I ain’t got no reason to sweeten up to you, with your heavy boy friend over there in close with Mr. Biaggi.   Besides, I ain’t a clever guy.   I’m too stupid to make up lies.”
“You sure are, Tony,” a bow-tie who had suddenly appeared at their table confirmed.   “He ain’t the smartest, miss.   Tony, you’ve to take the broad back to her boyfriend.   Harry’s finished talking business and anyway he needs you for a little job.”
“Is it some bad guy who ain’t been keepin’ in line, Mickey?   I gotta have a word with him?”
“It’s a real bad guy, Tony.   You’re gonna need your hammer.”

Back at Ogg’s table, with Tony and Harry gone Ogg and Antonia could talk freely.   
“Well, how evil has your great-grandfather become?” Ogg asked her.   Antonia’s mind was elsewhere.
“Life is complicated, isn’t it, Ogg?   I’m not sure if I really understand it.   Are we meant to understand it, do you think?”
“Great Philosophical Question, Ant.”   But Antonia hardly heard him.
“Do you think Tony could have been lying to me?    Why should he?   Would there have been any point?   Is he still in love with my great-grandmother?    Why won’t she come over here and join him?   Can we make any sense from all this?”
So many questions; and no answers from Ogg!   He knew knowledge was power.   And from his experiences with secret weapons, he knew also that power corrupts.   If there was one thing he had learned, it was that direct interference in the affairs of man was not the way to improve their lot.   He now confined himself to helping them seek the right questions.   It was up to them to find the answers themselves.
Yet Ogg’s silence didn’t seem to bother Antonia in the least.   Her thoughts had moved on from the concrete to the abstract, as befits one with aspirations in the direction of Great Philosophical Questions.   ‘What is truth anyway?   Is it fundamental or a product of our circumstances and environment?   Is truth universal or can we all have our own version?’
She was interrupted by Ogg.
“Ant, something important’s happening.  We have to go!”
Suddenly they were back outside, in a dark creepy city street just like the one she had been in earlier.
“Ogg, I can’t believe you just did that?   How could you?”
“What?”   While Ogg never answered questions himself, he had different standards for others.
“Leaving that place without paying!   What a despicable thing to do!”
“What does paying a drinks’ bill matter when the future of the whole world is at stake?”
“Where would the world be if all Great Beings were prepared to sacrifice morality for expediency?   You would be no better than politicians.   Go back and pay it!”
“Sorry, Ant.”   Then, immediately afterwards, “Done!”
“I’m sure you’ll feel better for it.   And you didn’t forget to leave a good tip, I hope.” 
Now that she had put an erring Great Being back on the straight and narrow, Antonia took the opportunity to catch up on her surroundings.   She had begun to realise that time and space travel with Ogg was extremely disorientating.   Knowing where you were was always a problem.  There was no helpful ticket specifying your destination, no label on the bus, no railway or airline departures board.   You just arrived goodness knows where and had to work it out for yourself.   And Ogg’s reticence at answering questions didn’t help.   She had thought of pinching the GPS from her Dad’s car, but then she realised that Ogg usually took her back to a time before the satellites these contraptions needed had been invented.    And if ‘where’ was a problem, ‘when’ was worse.   Her watch, even with a date facility, was useless.   And there was no signal on her mobile phone, so that was no help either.   Gadding about in time and space certainly made you appreciate the wonders of modern technology.
Right!   It was a dark street, sparse street lights, there was even an entrance under and awning.   It was bathed in the same red light that she had seen at Harry’s place.   It might well be another nightclub.   Maybe they were in the same city and time as before.   It was a good guess.   A car approached.   Mid fifties, American, she’d seen them in old films.   Who needs technology?    That was the trouble with her time, over-reliance on gismos.   People ought to spend more time exercising their own brains.    A bit of exposure to the problems of time travel would do them all good.
As the car drew to a halt, Ogg said,
“Let’s hide in this doorway.   They won’t see us from here.”
“We’d get a better view if we went a bit closer and you made us invisible.”
Ant was undoubtedly right.   But she had been exhibiting a growing and worrying interest in the occult recently.   She was always going on about the matter-of-fact way he did things.   Her suggestion might well be no more than a clumsy trick to get him to perform a bit of magic.   It was not to be encouraged.   Besides, these guys had guns.
“No.   We’ll be much safer in the doorway, young lady.”
Antonia considered this an exceptionally high-handed attitude for someone who was quite prepared to skip out of restaurants without paying the bill.   But Ogg’s tone of voice would brook no argument, and she followed him into the safety of the doorway with no more than a pointed sigh.
Four figures emerged from the darkness of the car into the red glow of the awning.   They were dressed smartly in tuxedo and black tie, their heads topped with low brimmed soft hats as a concession to being out of doors.   Antonia gasped.    One of them was her great-grandfather.   He walked up to the entrance and pushed what she supposed was a doorbell.   The door didn’t open.   The figures made a circle around the closed door, one hand inside their jackets.
“The doorman’s gone to get the boss,” Ogg whispered.
The door eventually opened, and out came another four figures.   They wore identical clothes to the others, with the exception of the soft hats.   They too had one hand stuffed inside their jackets.   One of them stepped a pace in front of his companions.
“So it’s you, Tony.  Whaddya want?”
“The boss,” Ogg whispered to Antonia.
Antonia’s great grandfather stepped forward, but said nothing.  He stared right into the other man’s eyes.   Someone behind him answered.
“We got a message from Harry, Al.”
“I don’t wanna hear no messages from that punk.”
“You ain’t been playin’ the game.   We had a deal.   You got your part of town, Harry’s got his.   You’ve been crossin’ borders.”
“Harry’s getting’ old.  He’s losin’ it.  He’s all washed up.”
“We’re here to show you he ain’t.” 
“Yeah, well I got a message for him.”
There was a flash from the open door behind him and a crack of gunfire.   Antonia’s great-grandfather slumped to the ground.   Another four or five shots rang out, and with each one the body jerked, then lay still.   His hat flew off his head and rolled across the street and into the doorway where Antonia and Ogg were hiding.  The other gangsters were facing each other, pistols in hand, but no one fired.
“Take your dead friend back to Harry.   Present from Alberto.   Scram!”
Tony’s body was dragged back into the car and it screamed off.   In the doorway, Antonia was sobbing quietly.
“Why did they kill him?   He wasn’t so bad.   He wasn’t a wicked man, not really.”
She bent down and picked up her great-grandfather’s soft hat.
“He wasn’t wicked.   He just did what people told him.  He just didn’t think.”
And clutching the hat, she fell into Ogg’s arms in tears.   Ogg put his arms around her and said nothing.        





Chapter 9

 Ogg is an extraordinary creature, and perhaps even unique.    He has his trinity of powers – instantaneous travel in time and space, ability to transform himself into whatever he pleases, freedom to roam around in the thoughts of every human being.   In wisdom and intelligence he has no equal.   Do you seriously think that, faced with the imminent demise of the whole of mankind, he would dump all his eggs in the basket of a teenager previously remarkable only for the wearing of eccentric frocks?   If so, I am sorry to have to tell you that you are unlikely to make it into the ranks of Ogg’s correct thinkers.
As any sensible person would have guessed, while Ogg was pursuing his researches with Antonia at his side, he was also buzzing around in time and space, having meetings and conferences with his many friends spread throughout geography and history.   Due to his special powers, he could pursue all these different lines of enquiry more or less simultaneously.   (Readers with a mathematical bent and a knowledge of convergent infinite series will understand this; others will have to take my word for it.)
Not all of these meetings and conferences were either fruitful or interesting.   Ogg, as has already been said, moves in mysterious ways, and one of these ways requires him to have a large number of friends – call them followers if you like - who are usually ordinary to the point of boredom.    But there was one of his friends whose behaviour was so odd and whose appearance was so bizarre that Ogg felt he could always get a good laugh out of a visit to him. 
His name was Peregrine Pratt, and this was the least of his troubles.   He had a body that could only be described as long and thin.   He was so tall that he was constantly afraid of damaging his head on the ceiling, so he adopted a semi-crouching posture.   In a standing position he looked exactly like an old knotted wooden walking stick.   It was worse when he sat down.   In an attempt to avoid damaging contact with furniture, he splayed his spindly arms and legs in preposterous directions, and when seated he looked like he had just been stolen from the Tate Modern.   To accompany his long gnarled body he had a long gnarled nose in a long gnarled face.   All of this was topped by a sprawling bush of matted greasy black hair.   The overall effect was that of a badly damaged old mop abandoned in a corner.   Fate, feeling that she had not yet been sufficiently unkind to him, had bedecked his face with prurient acne.   And while is was her normal procedure to remove these disfiguring spots around the age of twenty, Peregrine Pratt still had his mottled face, five years beyond the usual term.   But even his appearance wasn’t his biggest woe.   He had no friends – except Ogg – as any who were either brave enough or short-sighted enough not to be revolted by his virulent ugliness had long since been frightened off by his vicious bad temper.
Most people would totter and collapse under the weight of such a hazardous load of misfortunes, but Peregrine Pratt was basically a happy man.    He had his friendship with Ogg and he had a satisfying job designing computer fantasy games.    It was the ideal profession, he could work alone – fortunately, as no-one would work with him – and it suited his clear logical mind to a ‘t’.   He was almost a perfect correct thinker, except of course when he was in a bad mood, which was most of the time.  In fact, it was exactly the frequent oscillation between lucid clarity and dark rage which made him so successful in his job.   His computer games publisher called it his creative genius. 
Peregrine Pratt had in fact one other friend apart from Ogg.   He was a diminutive robot and he lived in the top right hand corner of his computer screen.   From time to time, he would offer unwanted advice like ‘you are obviously writing a letter, would you like some help’ or ‘I have detected you are typing in Swahili and you’ve misspelled the last twenty words.’   These comments always drove Peregrine Pratt into a fury.   Then, in a blind rage, he would produce some of his most creative ideas, and, when finished, he would feel extremely grateful and warm towards his annoying robot.   It was a love-hate relationship.
One day, while he was typing extremely complicated and creative fantasy things into his computer, he heard the robot speak.
“Can I have a quick word?”
“Oh, shut up, would you?   Can’t you see I’m trying to work?”  Peregrine Pratt screamed in response.    But virtual beings are like Great Beings and such wanton displays of emotion have no effect on them.
“Can I have a quick word?” it repeated.
“Listen, you horrible irritating grey creature, if you don’t fuck off and stop annoying me I’ll go into Task Manager and wipe you out of memory.”
The virtual creature’s response to this threat was to jump out of the computer and sit in the chair beside him in flesh and blood (or metal and wire in its case).
“Your temper doesn’t get any better, does it?”
“Oh, it’s you Ogg,” Peregrine Pratt replied, softening.  “What are you looking for this time?”
“Have you had any more thoughts on the end of the world, Perg?”
Why did Ogg have this infuriating habit of shortening names to one syllable? Some people might find ‘Peregrine Pratt ‘ a bit of a mouthful, but it was his name and he was entitled to have it used in its full resplendent form.  He clenched his fists, and promised himself once again that he wasn’t going to lose his temper with the only Great Being to choose him as a friend.   Better to ignore the slight.
“Aliens,” he replied. “Spacemen.   Invaders from another planet.”
Ogg sighed.   ‘Perg’ was a great guy – bad temper apart – and his logical thinking ability was almost perfect.   His one flaw was that his thinking had been conditioned by his job, and his mental machinations were achieved using computer logic.   For him everything was in binary.   With him it was zero or one, yes or no, black or white.   Zero point five or various shades of grey were not to be tolerated.   He could never accept that a person who was not happy may not necessarily be sad.
“Why do you think that?” Ogg asked, dreading the answer.
“We cannot say for certain that these extra-terrestrials do not exist, therefore they must exist.”
This is the worst kind of logic error you can make and unfortunately it is all too common, especially among politicians trying to justify wars or tax increases.   Ogg should have thanked him politely and moved on, but there was a problem.   Peregrine Pratt was right in saying that we could not disprove the presence of clandestine visitors from another part of the universe.   So it was possible, although not certain, that they may indeed be the threat he and Antonia were seeking.   It was a line of enquiry that could not be ignored.
“In your opinion, Perg, where would be the best place to look for these aliens?”
“They’re everywhere Ogg.   They take over our bodies, and there’s no way we can recognise them.   Any of your friends, or colleagues, or your family might be one.  Personally, I suspect everyone.”
Ogg resisted the temptation to ask Peregrine Pratt to explain the reasoning behind his theory.   Better to concentrate on the practicalities. 
“But, if they hide themselves so well, is there any way we could catch them with their guard down?”
“The best would be to get hold of them at their point of entry into the Earth.”
“And do we know where that is?”
“Well yes I do, as a matter of fact.   It wasn’t easy to work it out.   It involves some equilateral triangles, the history of the crusades and the Holy Grail, and the angle of the sun at the summer solstice.   Even then a fairly large computer needs about three days to do all the calculations.   But I can tell you that these aliens land by spaceship at a location in the middle of the Nevada desert in America.”
Peregrine Pratt reached into his office drawer and took out a small hand-held GPS, which he handed to Ogg.   
“The exact coordinates are in here, as waypoint ‘ENTRY”.
“I think we should go and check it out.   I’ll send you on ahead, and I’ll follow a couple of nanoseconds later with another of my friends who’s helping me on this.”
“No!   Don’t bring anyone else.   I’ll end up quarrelling with him all the time.   I won’t mean to, but I can’t help it.   It’ll be terrible.   Couldn’t we just go by ourselves?”
But before Peregrine Pratt had got half way through his list of moans, Ogg had vanished and Peregrine was standing alone under a hot sun in the middle of nowhere, somewhere in North West U.S.A




Chapter 10

Antonia was sitting on her bed wearing her great-grandfather’s hat and feeling downright glum.   At least, she had stopped weeping.   Her first reaction to Tony’s murder had been an overwhelming sense of injustice.   People shouldn’t die because they’re not too bright.   But on reflection she realised that, while he wasn’t entirely wicked, he had allowed himself to get mixed up with some thoroughly disreputable people and he had paid the ultimate price.   She had finished her little cry on Ogg’s shoulder and put the whole thing behind her.   
Back to the problem on hand!   She had come to the conclusion that their investigation wasn’t going too well.   She had certainly found out a lot about her family history, which would come in useful if she ever took up amateur genealogy in the future.   That is, if there were to be a future.   If the future was hanging on desperately for her and Ogg to come to the rescue, it was in a very bad way.   O.K. she had made some mistakes, but she really felt she was getting the hang of correct and proper thinking and it was getting her nowhere.   As for Ogg, he was all questions and no answers.   To Antonia’s mind, it was time for a change of tack.               
“What we need is a symbol!”
Ogg frowned and looked at her, but at least he stopped whistling.
“You know, like a tablet of stone, or a ring, or a cross, or an amulet…”
“Ant, have you gone off your rocker?”
“No, if we had something magic, it would help us in our quest.”
“Like this!” Ogg said, and a small, dirty, unattractive piece of rock appeared in his hand.
“Perfect! A magic stone!”
“Don’t be so ridiculous, Ant.   What kind of way is that to think?”
“But it is magic!   It just materialised from nowhere, right in your palm.”
Ogg put on his most scientific, matter-of-fact voice.
“Ant, you know I can travel at the speed of light, and faster if I want.   I just nipped out and picked this up from the garden.   Nothing magic about it.   There is a rational explanation for everything.”
“What about you and your magical powers?”   A triumphant gleam had appeared in Antonia’s eyes. 
“What magical powers?”
“Your age.   You’re infinitely old.”
“Careful dieting and regular exercise.”
“The speed at which you travel?”
“Super fitness.”
“Your ability to travel through time?”
“Einstein.   Special theory of relativity.”
“The way you can change the way you look?”
“Einstein.   Special theory of relativity.”
“Oh, no, Ogg!   You can’t catch me out like that.   There’s nothing in Einstein’s theory of relativity about changing form a young girl to an old man.”
“The equivalence of matter and energy?”   
“Oh!”   She reached out and took the stone from his outstretched hand.   “I think I’ll keep this anyway, just for luck.”
Ogg sighed.   Ant was a good pupil, but she still had a lot to learn.   Ogg never got irritated, but when he thought of all his friends with their statues, pictures and quaint Oggy keepsakes he almost got  irritated.
“Does your magic stone have any ideas about what we should do next?”
“It’s not like you to be cynical,” she reproached him, and he lowered a penitent head.   “Since you ask, my little stone, my little ordinary non-magical stone, which I am keeping merely out of some possible misplaced affection for you, has absolutely nothing to communicate on the matter which you have just raised.   I think we need some help.” 
“I agree.   And you will be pleased to know that I have been consulting with a particular friend of mine who has some novel ideas on the whole case.   I’m sure you’ll be delighted to meet him.”
Whether or not she would be pleased to meet him would depend entirely on the quality of his ideas and the nature of his personality.   He might perhaps be a totally obnoxious nerd.
She didn’t have the opportunity to express this opinion, however.    Ogg whisked her off to the Nevada desert to join Peregrine Pratt.




Chapter 11 

Peregrine Pratt got off to a bad start with Antonia.
“Why are you wearing that stupid hat and grotesque frock made from curtain material?”  he asked, even before being introduced.
So he really was a totally obnoxious nerd.   Why this time, of all times, had Ogg chosen not to change her dress?   And who was he to talk about her appearance, anyway?   He looked like a broomstick with pipe cleaners for arms and legs.   Ogg, aware of her antagonism, thought he had better introduce them immediately.
“Ant, this is Perg.”   Surely he meant ‘Peg’.
“Pleased to meet you,” Peregrine Pratt said.
Antonia couldn’t in all honesty say the same. 
She chose instead, “How do you do?”   Now she felt that she knew the overgrown matchstick well enough to take him to task over his previous rudeness.
“If you don’t mind me saying, Mr Perg”- not that she cared whether he minded or not, but a least she knew how to be polite.   The young man interrupted her.
“Perg is just Ogg’s nickname.   My real name is Peregrine Pratt.”
“Oh, I am sorry,” said Antonia.   “But  Mr. the Pratt, I do think it was a bit presumptuous of you to comment on my attire after such a short acquaintance.”
Peregrine Pratt was already regretting his opening remarks.   He had been talking to this girl for all of thirty seconds and he hadn’t screamed or shouted once.   Could she be the first true love of his life?   When you are hideous as him and romance strikes, the last thing you need is to open your mouth and put your foot in it.   But Peregrine couldn’t help it, he suffered from dual disabilities of being both piercingly perceptive and naively honest. 
“The truth is the truth, and your frock is definitely outrageous,” he began.
‘There are times when discretion should be chosen over frankness, Mr. Wally.”
“But while the dress is unbelievably ugly, the wearer is incredibly beautiful.”
This did not have the effect he had hoped.  The last thing to impress Antonia was another smarmy smooth talker!   Next he would be calling her ‘sweetheart’ or ‘honey’.   She communicated silently with Ogg.
“This creature isn’t another of my unknown and unlovable relatives, is he?"
“No Ant, not yet.”
“NOT YET!!!  Ogg, you don’t mean,” Antonia began threateningly.
“Only joking, Ant.”
There was a moment of silence.   Peregrine Pratt was wondering how his complement had gone down, but he wasn’t confident.   Antonia hadn’t attacked him verbally or physically, but there were dark flashing thoughts somewhere behind her eyes. She was considering if she could get away with a sly kick to his shins.   Ogg was smiling to himself.   He was having fun.
“Perg has a rather interesting theory about the end of the world, Ant.”
“Oh, have you, Perg?”   If the name ‘Perg’ upset the emaciated lollipop, what better reason was there to use it?
“Yes I have, Ant.   I’m convinced that we’re being threatened by aliens from another planet.”
When did she give him permission to call her ‘Ant’.   Presumptuous gigantic twig!
“And what logic brought you to such a confident conclusion?”
“There just isn’t any other explanation of the facts.”
Antonia wondered how long Peregrine Nincumpoop had been one of Ogg’s chosen friends.   Not too long, she suspected.   His thinking abilities weren’t up too much.   There were a hundred other explanations of the facts.  Still, his theory was a possibility that they hadn’t yet explored.   Ogg must have thought so too, otherwise why were they there?
“Perg thinks he knows where we can get hold of some of these aliens, Ant.”
“Yes, if we hang around here long enough, we’re sure to come across some.”
Antonia had a look round.   It didn’t seem too promising a location.    Dirty red dust, no vegetation apart from a few stunted scrubs or spindly trees.   If they had to hang around here, she hoped that it wouldn’t be for too long.   
“Why here?”
“This is their landing ground.   The alien Earth invasion base camp.”
“Really?”   She thought hard before asking her next question.   She had an uneasy feeling it might be a mistake.   “How do you know?”
“I’m glad you asked that,” Peregrine Pratt began.   Antonia knew that if he was glad, she wouldn’t be.    “It’s a matter of mathematics.    This exact location is at the centre of gravity of an equilateral triangle that joins an ancient and mysterious temple of the Maya in Mexico with the secret burial place of the Holy Grail in Southern Florida.   In addition, if you take the latitude and longitude of this exact point, accurate to fifteen decimal places, add the individual digits together and divide by the number you first thought of, the remainder is the mystical and magical ‘777’.”
“What’s that got to do with invading aliens?” Ant asked, not convinced that she really wanted to know.
“If you add seven and seven and seven together, you get twenty one.” - there was no denying the arithmetic - “and the aliens we’re talking about come from the twenty first planet in their planetary system.   So where else would they choose for their landing base?”
“And the connection with the Mayas and the Holy Grail?”
“Everyone knows that the Mayas were in fact early settlers from outer space.   What other explanation could there be for their advanced civilisation?   As for the Holy Grail, it is an established fact that it was a drinking cup abandoned by early alien explorers.   Its special powers are no more than the mysterious and incomprehensible properties of the liquids that these ancient space travellers used to drink from it.  All this is too much of a coincidence, and no other explanation could possibly fit all these facts.”
“Mr. Halfwit, don’t you think that your logic is a bit fantastic?   The information which you put forward as facts are merely unsubstantiated assumptions.   Nor is there any connection between those assumptions and your core hypothesis, i.e. that this location is an entry point for invading spacemen.   And your implicit suggestion that you have the only explanation for everything is no more than sheer arrogance.”
“I knew you would understand,” the great stick-like thinker answered.
Antonia had had enough.   She smoothed out a piece of the dusty ground and lay down in the sun, her great-grandfather’s hat over here eyes to keep protect her.   
“If we have to wait here for goodness-knows-how-long until some goodness-knows-who comes along goodness-knows-when, I’m going to have a little snooze and a sunbathe.   Should anything exciting happen, you can wake me.”
Peregrine Pratt also sat down to wait.   They waited.   They waited some more.   Peregrine got totally bored.   Antonia too soon found the snoozing and sunbathing less than interesting.   Only Ogg seemed quite happy, but then he had the advantage of being able to buzz about in time and space and seek diversion elsewhere. 
“I suppose you’re enjoying yourself by buzzing about in time and space, Ogg,” Antonia challenged him.
“Well, yes I am.   But you know I have work to do.”
“You don’t need to make those guilty excuses!   We really don’t mind, do we, Perg?  Only, if you could find time to stop off at a supermarket in your travels, a couple of ice-cold cans of Coke would be nice.”
“Of course, Ant.   We wouldn’t want you to dry up in this heat.”
They were there a long time.   Long enough for Peregrine Pratt to begin to doubt his heart-felt convictions about the ‘Alien Theory’.   Long enough for Antonia to wish she had brought her history notes so she could catch up on a bit of revision.   Ogg’s mobility through time and space proved very useful.   They acquired a nice flowery sunbed to match Antonia’s dress.   Peregrine Pratt got a folding deckchair after complaining about blisters on his bum.   A couple of umbrellas were brought to keep them from suffering from sunstroke.   As night came, and the temperature fell, Ogg appeared with some jackets, two small tents and sleeping bags.    Later on he turned up with a coffee pot, primus stove, cups and plates, cooking utensils, and a Fortnum and Mason’s picnic hamper.   Their casual stop had turned into a real encampment.   And still no spaceships came.
By the end of the second day, their camp had begun to approach the dimensions of a village, and they had developed a routine.    Ogg’s magical talents had been pressed into use to ensure their safety and comfort in what Ant expected would turn out to be an infinitely long wait.   Tables and chairs, a calor-gas barbecue, a latrine tent with chemical WC had all appeared.   Ogg delivered regular supplies of fresh water in plastic buckets.   Antonia had requested and been given sunglasses, a bikini and sun-tan oil.  Ogg had also thoughtfully stopped off in her bedroom and brought back her history notes and a couple of other books he thought might keep her occupied.   Peregrine Pratt had pleaded for and been supplied with a laptop powered by solar batteries.   So while Antonia got steadily browner and mugged up on the causes of the First World War, Peregrine Pratt was frantically pounding on his computer keyboard, recalculating all his formulae and verifying that he hadn’t made a mistake in his calculation of the alien landing location.   The conversation was limited.   Ogg was too busy fetching supplies and running around space and time looking for information to say much.   From time to time, Peregrine Pratt would murmur,
“No, I’m sure I’m right!  This is definitely the place,” and Antonia would mutter from beneath her grandfather’s hat, her sunglasses and her notebook,
“Shut up, Perg!  I’m trying to study.”
Apart from these tetchy interludes, they were having an idyllic and restful time.

They were all getting tired of ice-cream and MacDonald take-aways, and Peregrine Pratt had the bad sense to suggest that some home-cooked food might be welcome, and that Antonia, being a woman, might be well employed in preparing it.   Antonia pointed out that this was a sexist male-chauvinist remark and just what she would have expected from him.   There was no logical reason whatever to suggest a woman would be a better cook than a man and if he could find one, she would be only too glad to prepare some tasty food for him.   Peregrine Pratt agreed that she was indeed right, that in general men and women’s capability in the culinary field may well be equivalent, and that he generously conceded the argument to her.    However, on a personal level, if she left him to cook, they would almost certainly be poisoned.   Antonia found herself stooping over a hot barbecue, reflecting on another of those paradoxical situations where, having won the argument, she appeared to have lost it at the same time.
It was about midday on the third day when he appeared.    Antonia was lying in the sun, well-oiled for protection, having a rest from reading.   She was gazing absent-mindedly into the horizon when his body appeared out of the haze.  He was alone There was no sign of a spacecraft.    
“Someone coming!  Could be you were right after all, Perg,” she said.   “No sign of a spaceship, though.”
Peregrine jumped excitedly to his feet.   Ogg remained impassive.   When you’ve already seen everything already an infinite number of times it’s difficult to get excited.
“Why is he walking?   You’d have thought these ultra-clever aliens would have had some slick transport at their disposal.”
“Still this penchant for the exotic, Ant,” Ogg chided her.
They sat in silence watching him come nearer.   Would he be friendly, or did he come with extermination on his mind?   As he got closer they saw he was wearing a pair of tattered denim shorts and a loud loose shirt which might have been made, Antonia noticed with satisfaction, from old curtain material.   He had a small rucksack on his back.   With his dark sunglasses and his straw hat, he certainly didn’t look much like a warrior from outer space.   When he came within range, he raised his arm to wave and shouted,
“Peace!”
‘Thank goodness for that,’ Antonia thought.
“Where you from, stranger?” Ogg asked.   Ogg had decked himself out as a cowboy for this trip, so Antonia might have known he would adopt dialogue from old John Wayne movies.   For a Great Being he was really quite predictable.
“Everywhere and nowhere.”
“What ya lookin’ for?” Ogg continued.
“Good and Evil. Peace and War.  Food for the body, food for the soul.”
If she had had the free choice of companions, Antonia wasn’t too sure she would have picked the ones she had been landed with.    Ogg, who only asked difficult questions without answering any.   Perg, whose ugliness was only matched by his stupidity.   And now the mysterious stranger, whose hobby seemed to be talking in riddles.   She would almost have been better off in the Maths class.   Still, she had been a well brought up child, and the habit of politeness was ingrained deeply. 
   “Well, I’m just about to cook, so I can offer you some food for the body.”
The stranger joined his hands together as if in prayer, and bowed from his waist.
“May the spirit bless you!”
So polite and charming!   And the guy had style.  But what did he mean?   Did he want something to eat or not?   And how to ask him without appearing totally stupid?
“I’m going to barbecue some steaks.  Will that be all right?”
“Oh, my poor child.   Not steaks!   You are poisoning yourself.   You are what you eat.”
“You are what you think,’ Ogg said quietly, inside Antonia’s head, “What a pratt!’
“I always eat fish, myself.  Fish and vegetables!   Food for the soul and the body!”
They didn’t have any fish.   It hadn’t been on any of Ogg’s shopping lists.   She looked over at Ogg, who shrugged his shoulders and nodded.   She walked over and opened the cool box, and, as she expected, there was a package of freshly frozen salmon lying on the top by the time she got there.   She smiled at Ogg and began to prepare the food.
The visitor bore no resemblance to Peregrine Pratt’s preconceived notions of the physical appearance of an alien.  However, when Perg examined his soul and found that deep down he really had no justifications for these preconceptions.   It was entirely possible that the stranger might indeed be a visitor from another planet, however implausible he looked.
“Which planet are you from?” he ventured.
“I’m from a dying planet.   We all are.  Everywhere, everything is being destroyed.   We’re killing our future.”
This last remark caught everyone’s attention.   Even Ogg, for whom nothing could really be a surprise, sat up and took notice.   Did this overdressed hippy have the answer they were seeking?
“Would you care to expand on that last statement?” Antonia asked.
The stranger only smiled.   He had moved a few paces away from the settlement, and was kneeling, his face towards the midday sun.   His open rucksack was sitting beside him, and he was taking items from it and placing them on the ground in front of him – a stained yellow fragment of cloth which may have once served as a towel, a broken plastic candlestick in the shape of the Eiffel tower, a piece of pebble painted in psychedelic colours, a tattered paperback copy of a novel by Jack Kerouac.   These items were all arranged with ostentatious care.   When he had finished, he leaned back on his knees and inspected them.   They weren’t quite right.   He squinted up at the sun, measured the length and direction of shadows.   He made a few adjustments.   He re-inspected, readjusted.   Eventually he was satisfied.   He opened the Kerouac novel.  He closes his eyes and began to chant in a low melodic voice.
“Because I do not hope to turn again, because I know I shall not know, because I know that time is always time, and place is always and only place, because I cannot hope to turn again,”
“Why is he reciting TS Eliot from a book by Jack Kerouac?” Antonia asked.
“Why is he reciting TS Eliot, anyway?” Peregrine Pratt added.
Ogg was about to open his mouth but Antonia caught him, and said,
“Great Philosophical Questions?”
“Not great, Ant, but interesting enough in their own way.  Let’s watch and see what happens.”
The stranger’s eyes were now open, but glazed.   He was rocking back and forward between his knees and his heels.   And all the time they could hear the quiet snatches of Eliot’s verses.
“Because I know I shall not know, because I know that time is always time.”
“He must be on something,” Peregrine Pratt suggested.
“Not at all, my friend,” the stranger answered in a perfectly normal voice.   “This is a well understood and practiced ritual which will liberate my soul for a few moments of tranquillity from the oppressive hubbub of modern city life.”   And he returned to his chant.
“Hubbub of modern city life?   We’re in the middle of the flaming desert!”  Peregrine remarked.   This elicited no response other than a continuation of
“Because I do not hope to turn again…”
The others watched him intently.   At least Ogg and Peregrine Pratt did.   Antonia was struggling over the cooking.   She wasn’t all that good at it.   Why had she let Pratt trick her into it?   She was intensely interested in the stranger’s ceremony, but could only afford the occasional quick glance in his direction.
Her attention was wrenched from her cooking by a loud thump.   The stranger had rolled back on his heels and right over onto his back, and was sprawling on the hot red earth.   He had stopped intoning his mantra, and was lying silent and beaming, in a state of blissful oblivion.   
“Are you OK?” Peregrine Pratt asked.
“Leave him!” Ogg said.  “He’s no longer with us.   He’ll be OK later.”
They went back to their tasks.   Antonia wiped her brow with her dishtowel and began to chop up some onions.   Peregrine Pratt took out his computer, and  began keying in a description of the stranger and trying to correlate it with other information in his database of alien sightings.   Ogg returned to his frantic wanderings in search of information, and Antonia took advantage of his travels to get him to stop off somewhere and pick up a bottle of good white wine.  

“Grub’s up!” Antonia shouted, a few minutes later.   Ogg instantaneously arranged a beautiful table set with silver cutlery, candlesticks, white linen tablecloth and crystal wine glasses.   Great Beings can always pull out all the stops whenever they have guests.   Antonia was a bit concerned about the guest in question, who was still comatose beside his home-made alter, but she needn’t have worried.   The mention of food brought him back to life instantaneously.   
     They settled down to sample Antonia’s uninspired but adequate cooking.   The stranger proffered suitably polite praise for her modest efforts.   Peregrine Pratt, not wishing to be left out, concurred.   Ogg, believing himself a true friend, didn’t feel the need for such hypocrisy.
“I’ve been wanting to talk to you, Mr….” Antonia began.
“You can call me Ogg,” the stranger replied.
What was he saying?   Who did he think he was?   She wasn’t having that. 
“Indeed I could not.   I already know an Ogg, it would be too confusing. ”   She looked over at her own Ogg, who hadn’t appeared to notice and was stuffing himself with over-grilled fish.   “Don’t you have another name?”
“Well, my parents called me James T Wishbone, but I don’t use it much these days.   Maybe you could call me ‘JT’?”
“I was interested in what you were doing earlier, JT.   You couldn’t tell me a bit more about it, could you?”
“Ah, you mean the meditation?”
“I suppose so.   What was it all about?”
“It’s impossible to explain.   I have to show you”
‘You mean that it’s something which defies logic?”
“It certainly does!”
“Can there be anything which defies logic?” Ant asked, and looked at Ogg.  That just had to be one of her best and most important Great Philosophical Questions and there was bound to be some reaction from the Great Being.   So why was he sitting there picking his teeth with a cocktail stick and pretending – she was certain he was pretending – that his mind was elsewhere?
“Faith defies logic,” JT informed her.    She turned to Ogg for confirmation but he shrugged his shoulders and helped himself to another glassful of wine.  
“With faith and meditation you can transcend the mundane to the heavenly, you can pass from black and white into fully fledged Technicolor, you can cross over from silence to symphonic music.”
This was an attractive concept for Antonia.   Ogg was great, but black and white seemed to describe him exactly.   What this guy said had some promise.   She wanted to know more.     
“What’s it like?  What’s it like when you cross over?”
“It’s like an exotic journey.    Light, sound, music, smells, sensations like you’ve never felt before.   You are yourself and you see yourself at the same time.   You know everything, suddenly, without having to learn it.   It’s fantastic!”
It sounded good to Antonia.   And it would certainly be a help with the history revision.   
“Tell me more!”
‘Fireworks explode.   Rockets roar into the sky.   Cities, continents, planets, galaxies whiz by as you fly through the universe.   You swim in magic rivers of unknown fluids you have never seen or smelt before.    You taste exotic fruits with unexpected juices of almost unbearable sweetness.   You shiver painlessly in intense cold, you melt in searing heat without feeling uncomfortable.   You voyage, you travel, you journey, to the depths of your imagination and beyond.   And it’s all free!”
This was how journeys with Great Beings should be.   Why didn’t Ogg realize this?  Antonia was convinced.  She could hardly wait to get started.
“How do I get a ticket?”
“First of all you must renounce rationality.”
“Oh!   Do you mean……I have to abandon all attempts at correct thinking?”
“Yes.”
“I have to stop trying to answer Great Philosophical Questions?”
“Even to stop asking them.”
Ogg had to be in a state of extreme agitation by now.   She knew how he hated the idea of anyone thinking in an incorrect fashion.   Yet there he was, his elbows on the table and his chin resting in his cupped hands, his head cocked a little to the side and a silly contented grin on his face.   He was looking at her in a curious and seemingly disinterested manner.   It had to be an act.  He must be boiling inside.
“And I have to stop seeking the solution to every problem?”
“Yes.”
“To give up thinking and theorising.”
“Replace thought with belief!”
“And if I do all this, I get all these transcendental benefits.”
“That’s the deal.   Take it or leave it!”
“I hope this doesn’t upset you too much, Mr. JT, but I think I’m going to have to leave it.”   Antonia heard a laugh which she could have sworn was Ogg, but when she turned her head his face was impassive.
“Your loss, young lady!   But it’s an offer which is always open.   If you ever change your mind, I’ll be back.   Thanks for the lunch.”      
JT Wishbone collected his little pile of artefacts and stuffed them back into his rucksack.   Then slinging his burden over his shoulder, he gave them a wave and sauntered off into the desert.
“Ogg?”
“Yes, Ant?”
“Was Mr JT Wishbone a human or a non-human?”
“Oh, he was very much a human.   Why do you ask?”
“Do you think he might have something to do with the end of the future?”
 “Have you got a theory, Ant?”
“Not a theory.  A hunch!   Is a hunch OK?  It’s not proper thinking, is it?”
“It’s incomplete thinking.   But hold on to it.   You never know, it may turn into a theory some day soon.”
Antonia decided to keep her hunch to herself and wait for it to grow into a theory. 
They stayed in the desert for another two days.   Peregrine Pratt spent most of his time tapping frantically on his computer keyboard and staring anxiously at the sky.   He saw a good number of birds of various types, the occasional jet stream of an airliner, two low flying fighter jets, but nothing that could that could be interpreted as a spacecraft by even the most optimistic and biased observer.   Antonia finished her history revision, and succeeded in acquiring a glowing skin tint worthy of a lazy summer beach holiday.   She was quite pleased with it until Peregrine Pratt reminded her that her skin would revert to its normal colour as soon as she got back to her own time and place.
“Does this mean my history revision’s been a waste of time too?” she demanded fearfully of Ogg.
“No mental exercise is ever wasted,” Ogg assured her.   She sighed with relief.

Both Antonia and Peregrine Pratt ended up being quite frankly bored.   Ogg had his instantaneous voyages to divert him, but he either wasn’t finding out anything of note or for some reason he was keeping it to himself.   He brought them back plenty of ice-cream and cool fruit-based drinks but it wasn’t exactly intellectual stimulation, was it?

Then the bombshell dropped.   Antonia was lounging on the sun-bed, her great grandfather’s hat protecting the skin on her nose from peeling, while mentally making a list of the good and bad points of the Austrian Emperor’s chancellor Metternich.   Suddenly she felt a dark shadow pass across her face.   She looked up to find Peregrine Pratt staring down at her.
“Ant, there’s something I have to tell you.”
Oh blast!   She’d lost the plot.   She’d have to start form the beginning again with her list.
“What is it now, Perg?” 
Peregrine Pratt paused, then exposed his piano keyboard teeth in a wide smile.   With his teeth and his acne, he was a pitiful patchwork of red, pink white and black.
“I love you,” he announced.
Oh my god!!!  She didn’t need this.   Did she deserve it for flaunting her body in that stupid bikini just for the sake of a useless and extremely temporary sun-tan?   What was she going to do now?
“I think I have loved you from the first moment I saw you?”
Even if he hadn’t been so ugly, there was no way she could surrender her soul to someone who only spoke in clichés.
“Don’t be silly, Perg, you’re just bored.”
“You must take me seriously, Ant.  I know I’m not pretty, but I’m faithful.”
“If I want faithful, I’ll get a dog, Perg.”
“I’ll be your dog.   I’ll follow you everywhere.”
“We’ve been thrown together by circumstances.   Out here, just you I and Ogg.   When we get back to civilisation, you’ll meet lots of girls your own age.   I’m much too young for you.”
“I’m only seven years older than you.  It’s nothing.”
Nothing!   
Out of the corner of her eye she saw Ogg staring at them.   He was wearing a sickening silly grin.  It might be entertainment to him, but she needed help.   He might be a bit weird, but Peregrine Pratt was basically an all right sort of person.   Not perhaps the sort of person to make your life with, but too all right to be destroyed by a callous and painful rejection.   Solving this one could well be as hard as finding the answer to a Great Philosophical Question.
“Look, I appreciate your attention and I’m very flattered by your infatuation,” she began.   Her admirer was displaying his chessboard teeth in the same sickening smile as her so-called friend Ogg.  “But, what we have to ask ourselves, Perg, my dear – oops, she shouldn’t have said that – …… the important thing to consider ….. the essential question facing us is…...”   Pratt was listening eagerly.   Why couldn’t he insult her like he often did and make this easy for her?   “…..what we have to know is…..” She had it!  The solution.   “What is love?” she ended, with a squeal of triumph.
“Great Philosophical Question, Ant!” Ogg interrupted.
Antonia thought it was a really great Great Philosophical Question, especially as it had turned up just exactly when she needed it.   Peregrine Pratt frowned.
“You don’t know what love is?” he asked.
“Do you?” she replied, confidently.
“Well,” he started.   But then he stopped.   He screwed up his face.  He twisted his mouth.    He scratched his head.   “I need to think about it a bit more,” he finally announced.
Antonia watched him as he sat back in his deck chair, his finger in his mouth and his head in the clouds.   She felt a bit guilty.  He wasn’t a bad guy.   His acne might disappear in a couple of months and she could always send him to the dentist.   If she fed him up a bit he wouldn’t look so awkwardly tall.   
But no, it really didn’t bear thinking about.




Chapter 12

Ogg and Antonia were back in her bedroom.   As Peregrine Pratt had predicted, her skin had lost its amber glow and she was her old pale self.   She hadn’t been allowed to hold on to the bikini either, which was just as well as her mother certainly wouldn’t have liked it.   
The anticipated space creatures had never appeared, and it was Peregrine Pratt himself who had suggested they pack up and go home.   He had told them that he had probably made a mistake with the co-ordinates of the alien landing site.   In fact, he was no longer even sure that his alien theory really held water.   Besides, he now had another project.   He had already come up with three possible concepts that might, with a bit of further development, explain the meaning of love.   And he had a new idea for a computer game with a golden-skinned bikini-clad girl of exceptional intelligence as its heroine.   There was another reason which he didn’t tell them, but which Ogg knew about because of his special powers.   After his rejection, he found the torment of being around Antonia just too much for him.
Antonia and Ogg were really no further forward in solving the mystery of the missing rest of time.   Their desert adventure had been so inconclusive that they couldn’t even discount the alien theory.
“We haven’t got very far, have we Ogg?”
“Oh, I don’t know, Ant.   Your logical thinking has improved no end, and you understand a lot more about the concepts of good and evil.   And you’ve collected some souvenirs...”   He pointed at her great-grandfather’s hat.
“...to remind me of poor stupid old Antonio.   And I’ve still got the little magic pebble.”  She took it out of the pocket in her frock and showed it to him.   “This serves a dual purpose, Ogg.   It tells me that there is a rational explanation for everything, and it also reminds me what an obnoxious pain you can sometimes be.”
“Touché!   But you don’t have a souvenir of Perg.”
“No I don’t,” she replied, thoughtfully.   Then she suddenly felt a little embarrassed.   She knew Ogg could read her thoughts, but could he read her feelings?  Especially when she couldn’t read them herself.
“We’re not getting any closer to the truth,” she said quickly.
‘The truth?  Did I ever say I was seeking the truth?”
In there somewhere was another Great Philosophical Question to be posed, and Ogg was obviously wanting Antonia to pose it.   He had always been a bit reticent with his answers, it was one of his mysterious ways.   But she had noticed of late that he had been less and less forthcoming with his questions, leaving it more and more up to her.   Was it all part of his great plan?
“What is truth?” she began obligingly.  And, before Ogg could jump in, she quickly added, “Great Philosophical Question!”   Ogg smiled.   “Not that you’re going to answer it!” Antonia finished, all by herself.   It was almost as if old Ogg was starting to become a bit surplus to requirements.
“Well, what do you know about truth, Ant?”
“I can remember you telling little fibs a couple for times, for a start.”
“But were they really fibs?”
“I remember you lied to my great-great grandfather in Italy.   You told him we were there with our parents and they had gone sightseeing.”
“Not quite!   I didn’t say a word about parents.   I did mention sightseeing, but I didn’t say who was doing it.   We can go back in time and do it again if you don’t believe me.”
“But my grandfather had just asked you about our parents.   We all thought you were talking about them.”
“Ant, you can’t hold me responsible for what other people think.   What I said was completely true.”
“What about that time in the night club?   You told Harry that a Big Marty from Miami had told us about his place.   I don’t know any Big Marty.”
“But I do.  And he did tell me and another of my friends about Harry’s place.    I didn’t say that the other friend was you.”
“Ogg, that’s really dishonest.”
“You may think that, Ant, but you cannot deny that I only told the truth.”
“So there’s no absolute truth.   Are there any absolute lies?”
“Great Philosophical Questions!”
This was worrying to Antonia.   What people said and what others heard could be completely different, especially if the speaker was a clever and devious individual like Ogg.   If she was going to succeed in saving the world, she would not only have to be careful how she thought.   She would also have to be careful how she listened.
Ogg’s face suddenly brightened.
“Ant, maybe you should come and have a look at this,” he said.
“Look at what?”  There was nothing unusual to see in her bedroom.   What was he on about?
“Not here.    But I’ve just come across something really interesting, in this time but in another place.   Shall we go?”
“Is it free from spotty Pratts?”
“Not a one in sight, I promise.   Coming?”
 And without any warning there she was suddenly in a rather sorry old room that looked rather like an abandoned schoolroom.   Again no sensation of a journey!   Maybe she should have taken J.T. Wishbone up on his offer.   What an ignoble way for a Great Being to get about!
Antonia had a good look around her.   This had to be the shabbiest place she had been in ever in her life (or before it, thanks to Ogg).   There was on old dusty desk commanding a few rows of tatty wooden benches.   Behind the desk, a young woman in her mid-twenties dressed in a grubby sweater and jeans was scribbling onto some dirty piece of paper.   On one side of her were a battered wooden kitchen table with matching and equally battered chairs that someone must have abandoned.   Two men sat on these discards, looking as useless and worn out as their furniture.   They were wrapped in scarves and anoraks but that didn’t prevent them from shivering.   One of them was wearing gloves, the other less fortunate, need his hands free to turn the pages of a hefty bound document.   A fire-salvaged armchair on the other side of the desk held another miserable shivering figure.
“You’re sure this is the present time, Ogg.   We must be in the time of Dickens?”
“With anoraks and jeans?   Come on, Ant?”
The grubby sweater piped up in a thin voice.   Her words were physically written in mist in the freezing air.
“Have the accused read the attestation!”
The gloved figure at the kitchen table got to his feet and his companion thrust a white card into his hand.
“I promise to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.”
Antonia immediately recalled her recent conversation with Ogg.   This was going to be really interesting. 
The grubby sweater continued. 
“You are accused of having denigrated the reputation of the people of the Czech Republic by presenting a substandard operatic performance in our National Theatre.   How do you plead?” 
“That’s not a very serious crime,” Antonia remarked silently to Ogg.
“True if you’re not one of the people being denigrated.   But if you are, or if you had bought a ticket for the debacle…” Ogg replied. 
“He pleads ‘not guilty’ your worship,” the seated man at the kitchen table informed the grubby sweater.   She scribbled on her grubby paper.
“Mr Prosecutor?” she then asked, looking in the direction of the recycled armchair.
“No witnesses!  You’ve read the reviews.  It’s an open and shut case.”
“Counsel for the Defence?”
“We call Miss Antonia Collins to the stand.”
This turn if events confused Antonia no end.   How could she possibly be a witness?   Had she ever seen the denigrating opera?    She hadn’t been to many operas and certainly never to a denigrating one or to one in the Czech Republic.   And another thing, where exactly was this stand she was being called to?  
“Miss Antonia Collins,” the grubby sweater croaked, staring straight into Antonia’s eyes.
“Yes.”
“You have been called to the stand.”
Antonia looked about her desperately.   What stand?  Maybe they were getting a bit confused with the use of the definite article?    That must be it!   She got to her feet.
‘Have the witness read the attestation!”
“There won’t be any point, I don’t understand it.”
“You’re not being asked to understand it, only read it.   Get on with it!”
 “I promise to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.” Antonia read in a faltering voice.   Under her breath she added, “Whatever that may mean?”
“Now, give your testimony!”
“Can I ask first why I’m being called as a witness?”
“You certainly cannot.    You’re not a counsel or a prosecutor.   They ask questions, witnesses only answer.”
“We have called this witness in the capacity of an expert witness,” the Counsel for the Defence explained.   How could Antonia be an expert witness, she knew next to nothing about opera?
“I’m not an expert.   I don’t know why you’ve called me to stand.   I’d rather sit down if you don’t mind.”
“Stay where you are, Ant!   Everyone’s an expert in something,” the grubby sweater said.
“Is that you Ogg?   What are you up to?   And why are there two of you?   Have you changed into two people at the same time?”
“Of course it’s me.   And I’m only one person at a time to myself.   I’m darting about from one to the other so quickly that you think I’m two.   Whether the fundamental truth is that I am one person or two people is a Great Philosophical Question for you to decide.   Counsel for the Defence, please proceed.”
“This is a very simple case, your worship.    The newspaper reviews say that the opera in question was bad, my client insists that it was excellent.   Who is telling the truth?   We have brought Miss Collins, an acknowledged expert in truth, to give her studied and knowledgeable opinion to help the court decide.”
“Well, Ant!  Who is telling the truth?”
Antonia felt herself far from an expert in this field.   But she knew enough to know the answer to this question.   Ogg had taught her well. 
“They are both telling the truth,” she stated, confidently.
WHAT!!” said the Counsel for the Defense and the Prosecutor at the same time.
“Now, Miss Collins,” said the grubby sweater version of Ogg, “I’d like you to answer this question again, and please think carefully.
“They’re both telling lies,” Antonia told them, immediately and even more confidently.
“And that’s your final word?”
“One of them is lying and the other one’s telling the truth?”
“Which one is lying?”
“Whichever one you like.”
“May I commend the witness on the clarity of her answers and her deep knowledge of the nature of truth,” grubby sweater Ogg announced, “Case dismissed!”   And he shunted both of himselves and Antonia back to her bedroom.

“Apart from the interesting game about the meaning of truth, what was the point of that?” Antonia asked him, noting with relief that he had reverted to the singular.
“Surely you know what an analogy is?  Or a parable?”
Antonia didn’t even deign to respond to such a provocative remark.   He might be a Great Being, but he had no right to question her knowledge of English.   But an analogy for what?   Ah!  Got it!
“The opera is our world, and you mean that a Great Being has decided that the show is not up to standard and cancelled the whole performance.”
“Exactly!”
“But that would imply the existence of another Great Being apart from yourself.”
“I have never claimed to be unique.”
“But I can’t think of any evidence for a Great Being apart from you.   And I’m not too sure about you either.”
“Could we leave personal remarks out of it, please?   If you don’t have any evidence of the existence of another Great Being, do you have any evidence of the non-existence of such a creature?”
“No, I suppose that means that we have to add this theory to the list of possibilities, alongside Peregrine Pratt’s notions about aliens”
“Correct!”
“Life never gets simpler, does it Ogg?”
Antonia suddenly jumped into bed and pulled the blankets over her head.   Ogg cajoled but she refused to come out.
“Why are you being so stupid, Ant? Please come out!” he begged.
“Go away!”
“I’m going away all the time.”
“Well, go away again and this time don’t come back.” 
 “Was it something I said?”
Of course it was something he said.   What else could it have been?   How much did he think a girl could take?   Every time she thought she was getting somewhere Ogg pulled he carpet from under her feet.
“Look, I might not be brilliant but I was just beginning to get the hang of this correct thinking.”
“You were, Ant, you were.”
“And I had come to terms with the idea that evil was never as straightforward as it seemed?”
“You demonstrated impressive insight in that regard.”
“I was even getting used your boring insistence on denying me any pleasure from anything with the slightest connotation of magic?”
“Remarkable forbearance on your part, Ant.”
“I even took the news that I was the object of a spotty headed beanpole’s infatuation with equanimity.”
“I’m not so sure about that.”
An indignant face emerged from under the blankets.
“I did, Ogg, I did!”
“If you say so Ant?”
But she had disappeared into hiding again.   
“O.K, Ant!   Let’s say you reacted intelligently and unemotionally to Perg’s protestations of perpetual devotion.”
Quiet sobs leaked out from Antonia’s refuge.   Ogg was disconcerted.   He hated it when emotion got the upper hand on logic.   Pratt could have picked a better time to interfere with the delicate balance of Ant’s adolescent hormones.
Antonia suddenly threw off her bedcovers and sat up straight.   Despair had turned to anger.
“Do you know what gets me?   Do you know what really gets me about this whole thing?”
For once, Ogg didn’t.   Inside her head there was a storm of thundering thoughts and flashing feelings.   Ogg couldn’t make anything out in the maelstrom of confusion.
“Here we are trying to find out the truth about what’s happening to the future and now you tell me there is no truth.” 
“That's only a way of putting it.   One could just as well say there are an infinite number of truths.”
For some reason, the sudden introduction of an apparent paradox into the conversation had the strange effect of switching off the emotional Antonia and switching on the rational one.    Ogg logged this unexpected reaction firmly into in his infinite memory.  Even a Great Being who has been around forever doesn't often come across a trick that can calm down a distraught female.
"No truth and an infinite number of truths are pretty much the same?" Antonia suggested, tentatively.   And, seeing that Ogg didn't jump in immediately to correct her, she took great satisfaction in supposing she was more or less right.
"So, if there is no ONE truth, what do we do?" she went on, looking at Ogg as if she expected an answer.  Of course, she got a question instead.
"Did I ever say we were looking for the truth?"
"This is stupid, Ogg!   How can we save the world without an explanation of what the problem is?"  She was beginning to get angry again, and try as he might, Ogg couldn't come up with a suitable paradox to take her mind off her bubbling ire.   So, just for once, he decided to help her out by answering the question she had asked.
"We can't, Ant."
Antonia glowered.  It was an answer, but it wasn't a helpful answer.    Is this what it's like to be all-powerful, Ogg?  You could make it really easy for me and you choose to make it difficult.    Why?  GPQ, I suppose.    Infuriating creature!   I'll show him. 
She took a few moments for some troubled reflection.    Ogg sat there watching her, and although his face was expressionless she knew that the bland mask hid, somewhere, a little supercilious smile.   The thought kept putting her off, and she had constantly to go back to the beginning of her train of thought and start again.   She realised that she was never going to get to the end if she didn't do something, so she screwed her eyes tight shut and forced herself to CONCENTRATE, with the result that after a few minutes she was able to say,
"I suppose you mean that an explanation and the truth are not necessarily the same thing.   So what is an explanation, then?   And don't ask me what I think it is?"
"An explanation........ explains."
It really was time she took Ogg in hand, Great Being or no.
"Ogg, we're going around in circles here, and in the meantime we're running out of future."
 "No problem, Ant.  If we run out of future we can jump back a bit and use a little of the past.   You're nearly there with 'explanations' "
"OK.   An explanation is a way of understanding things.   So that we can deal with them - change them, get rid of them or, as in the case of our missing future, bring them back.   Truth has nothing to do with it - what matters is effectiveness.   A good explanation gives us some kind of control.   Its value is purely pragmatic."
"Correct thinking, Ant!" Ogg congratulated her with a hint of pedagogical pride in his voice.   Antonia found she was a little less pleased than she might have been.    While it was academically satisfying to think correctly, it seemed to mean that you spent your time pondering on the meaning of words, without it being of much help in saving the world from total destruction.   If you thought correctly about correct thinking, you would probably conclude that the world might be better off without it.    In her opinion, it was time for some plain old-fashioned common sense.
“Ogg, we’re trying to solve a mystery here, and we seem to be spending our time discussing the meaning of words.   Why are we doing it?”
“Well, what have we learned so far?”
Typical Ogg!  Changing the subject and asking a question!   Didn’t he have any ideas of his own?   Antonia sighed, and immediately realised that sighing was becoming a bit of a habit.
“There are lots of possibilities.   Aliens!   Deities!   Evil influences!   But do any of them work as an explanation.”
“Or do all of them?   Or are they even the same explanation?”
“Stop it right this minute, Ogg!.   I don’t want to hear another single question until we come up with some answers.   Or at least, until I come up with some answers.    All I ever get from you are questions.”
Antonia began to think about their three possibilities – the aliens, the great being other than Ogg, the evil presence. Suppose they really were one and the same thing.   Suppose she postulated an unknown malevolent presence from outside all human experience and, to simplify future references to such a creature, suppose she called it THE THING.    Wasn’t this a kind of explanation?   OK, so she couldn’t claim to be able to deduce such a wild fantasy from the known facts, so she had no right to claim it to be the truth.   But it was nevertheless consistent with what they had learned.  So it might be true, in the sense that it hadn’t so far been disproved.    But she didn’t need Ogg to tell her this was a dangerous path to set out on.  The televsion news had taught her that believing everything that can’t be proved wrong has got the world into the trouble it’s in today.   She was just about tell Ogg this when she noticed by his condescending look that he had already read her mind.   Great Beings are all right, but they would be improved immensely if there was a satisfactory way of putting them in their place.
And in any case, Great Being or not, he was getting them nowhere.  They had travelled across the world and through the centuries, and what had they really learned? Theories and speculation was all they had.   In Antonia’s opinion, it was time for action.   She blurted her point of view out forcefully before Ogg could reach into her mind and help himself to it.
“We need to stop all this idle talking and do something”, she said.
“Do we?”
She glared at him.
“We do” she confirmed, taking immense satisfaction from inverting his two simple words and throwing them back at him.   
“What?” he asked.
It was a challenge.  Antonia wondered if conversation with the Great had to always to be so confrontational.    Unfortunately, she didn’t know WHAT, and quite frankly, it pissed her off.   Nothing to do but put a brave face on it, though!
“I have an idea,” she lied, “but let’s not rush into things.    I need some time to reflect on it.” 
She hadn’t of course lied.  She did have an idea, although not one about what Ogg was supposed to think.  Ogg didn’t reply.   His face remained impassive, and Antonia wondered if she just imagined the faint traces of a smile playing at the corners of his mouth.   He had caught her out.   She supposed that he needed every single one of his great powers, but if there was one she would have liked him to lose, it was the ability to read right into her very secret thoughts.  




Chapter 13

Antonia woke up the next morning feeling very excited.   She had a plan.   She had just lain in bed, letting ideas drift past her until one of them stopped on the way through and grabbed her attention.   It was reliable method and it worked every time.  And, of course, now she knew what to do, she couldn’t wait to discuss it with Ogg.  So where was he?
Since their friendship started, Ogg had always turned up every morning just to say hello and disturb her calm but unfocussed thoughts with little exercises in correct thinking.   And since the impending demise of existence had raises its ugly head, he had been almost her constant companion.   So why, now, when she had the solution at her fingertips, had he decided to disappear?   She sat on the end of her bed and drummed impatient fingers on her knees.   Where could he be?   He couldn’t be too busy.   His powers gave him an infinite amount of time.   And the good thing about infinity is that there’s always enough of it.   
She drummed her fingers on her knees for about half an hour.   To avoid boredom, she drummed out the rhythms of all the tunes she could remember.   As time went on, she got more and more angry and the choice of music got more and more violent.   By the end of the half hour she was so cross that no sensible Great Being who could have read her mind would have gone anywhere near her.   And, predictably, Ogg stayed away.
Eventually Antonia decided that, in the long run, anger was pretty boring.   If Ogg didn’t want to talk to her, fine.   She would go ahead with her plan without him.   All she needed to do was contact all of Ogg’s circle and get them together.   She was sure that each and every friend of Ogg was special in some way, that all of them were pretty well correct thinkers, and that they all had a contribution to make to getting to the bottom of this current little difficulty.   Ogg’s mistake, in her opinion, was his failure to get all this immense brainpower together in one place and reap the advantages of the synergy.   All those nearly Great Beings in one room, their nearly great minds flowing with ideas and stimulating all the others, if that couldn’t solve the puzzle of the vanishing future, what could?   It only flashed momentarily across her mind that she was maybe being a little immodest in classifying herself as one of the Nearly Greats.   As a matter of fact, she had more difficulty in seeing the Nearly Greatness of Peregine Pratt.   Weird doesn’t mean special, not in her dictionary anyway.
But how to put the Great Plan into practice?  Having a Great Being as your best mate was particularly convenient.   Travel and communication were a wheeze.   And the advantages in terms of time management!   The way Ogg whisked her off for a few days at a time and bought her back a split second after they had set off was like having a hundred hours or more in a day.    But without Ogg, she would need some real time for her plan.   She could go to school, or she could save the world.   Simple as that!   Nothing to be dome but to fake intense period pains and con her mother into letting her stay in her bedroom all day.
“Mum, my stomach’s so sore,” she yelled down the stairs, adding a spine-chilling moan for effect. 
“Stay in bed till tomorrow, dear.   It will get better.  It’s just growing up.” 
‘Really Mum, it’s like taking cakes off a baby,’ Antonia thought.   But now she had the time, how to get Ogg’s army together in one place?   How to get in touch with them even?   She didn’t know any of them.  Except Peregrine Pratt!   Oh well, the last will be first!
Then she realised that even though Perg had shoved his spotty face close to hers and professed undying love, she didn’t know his phone number.   Or his home address.   Or even his email.    Life was a lot harder without a Great Being to help you. 
She powered up her computer and loaded up her chat room software.   He must be registered somewhere.   So, with one ear on the stairs for the sound of her mother’s footstep she began to search.    She hadn’t found any Pratts when predictably, the sound of slipper on carpet reached her ears.   She switched of the screen, and jumped into bed, just before her mother appeared in the door frame clutching a hot water bottle.
“This will help.   It always helps me.”
“Thank you Mummy.” Antonia replied in a small voice, pulling the hot water bottle under the blankets and smiling the pained smile she had seen Elizabeth’s sister use in the television version of Pride and Prejudice when she was taken ill in Darcy’s friend’s house.   Her Mum’s eyes filled with pity – she was a sucker for a cliché.
“Oh, Mum, I’m not much company for anyone like this.   I think I would be better on my own.”
“Of course, dear.   I’ll be downstairs watching old episodes of “Coronation Street”.   Call me if you need me!”
Antonia struggled to manage a weakened smile, and, as soon as the door closed behind her mother, she jumped up and switched on her screen again.
She hit it lucky with her next try.  Three Pratts, two of them Peregrines.   Two people or two chat software accounts?   Who could tell? Ah, well, go for it!
‘Hi Perg. How was desert? Ant.’
‘Desert fine! Mane coarse offul!  Who you?’
She wasn’t sure how well her Pratt could spell, but she felt sure it was better than this.   And anyway, her Pratt would certainly know who she was.   She apologised and signed off, and then tried the second address, same opening message.
 ‘Ant, it’s you.  How are you?’
Success!!
‘I’m OK. Need your help.  Have you spoken to Ogg today?’
‘Haven’t seen him.   It’s not like him.’
Antonia suddenly felt really sick.   What was going on?   Had the future come and swallowed Ogg up already?   
‘Has he ever disappeared like this before?’ she asked.
‘Not since I’ve known him.’
‘It’s really serious then.   I have a plan.   We need to talk.  This is too slow.   What’s your mobile phone number?’
They exchanged numbers and Antionia crept under her blankets.   She hoped her mother was safely engrossed in the adventures of her favourite soap characters and not sitting downstairs with suspicious ears cocked.   Antonia had always regarded her parents as a touch on the naive side but the excitement of wrongdoing seemed to make her suspicious.  So she cuddled up in the darkness and whispered conspiratorially to Perg.   It gave her a strange sense of satisfaction.   Ogg’s rational and matter-of-fact way of whizzing around in time and space might be effective, but it was essentially boring.   She was coming to the opinion that maybe she was having more fun with Mr. Spotty.
“My idea is to get together with all Ogg’s friends and form an army to save the world.”
She heard a low whistle from the other end of the line.
“Ogg’s army!  I like it.”   
In fact, Peregrine wasn’t so sure that it was a good plan.   Although he personally had difficulties getting on with anybody, his whole outlook on life was governed by a devout wish that all the people of the world plus any extraneous aliens who might be around could live together in peace and harmony.   There was a touch of aggression in Antonia’s plan which made him uneasy.   And what exactly was this ‘army’ going to do?    But Peregrine was in love.   Anything Antonia said was OK by him.   And there was always the chance that she wasn’t thinking of ‘army’ in the military sense. 
“The problem is that the only friend of Ogg’s I know is you” 
“It’s a small army, then.”
“If that was a joke, I’m not impressed.”
“Sorry.  If it’s any help, I know another couple of Ogg’s friends.”
Antonia pushed her head and arms out of the blankets and reached silently for a paper and pencil from the desk beside her bed.
“Names, email addresses and phone numbers!” she commanded.
“I only know their names.”
There was a pause while Peregrine waited for Antonia’s flashes of frustration to dissipate, and for a solution to this new obstacle to come to her.
“OK! No problem!  Give me their names!   I found you on the Internet, I’ll find them.”
“But my name’s quite unusual.”
“Don’t try to make difficulties, Perg.   What are their names?”
“Willie Smith and Amanda White.”
Oops!   How many William Smiths and Amanda Whites would she find in an internet search?    What she really needed were the facilities only readily available to Great Beings, and where was her Great Being when she needed him?
“Know anything else about them?”
“They’re very interesting and clever people.”
“All Ogg’s friends are interesting and clever people, even if some are a little less interesting than others.   That’s not going to help me find them on the internet.   Do they have middle names, or odd nicknames?   What are their hobbies?   What kind of music do they like?”
“I’m sorry, Ant.   I don’t know.”
Antonia treated him to a pointed sigh, which she overdid so much that her mother heard it and called out from the living room
“Oh, is it really awfully painful, dear?”
“Just a stab.  It’s passed.   Don’t leave your television!”
“O.K. Dear!”
“Look, Ant, maybe we could meet and talk about this.”
“Perg, try to think straight.   We don’t have Ogg, so no more instantaneous travel.   We have to use buses, tubes, trains and planes.   It takes time and money.  Besides, we probably live at opposite ends of the country, maybe even the world.”
“Where do you live?” Perg asked.
“Chiswick”
“I live in Acton.”
Oh God, the great spotted one was almost her next door neighbour.  
“I could meet you at MacDonald’s on Chiswick High Street.”
No way, Antonia thought.    Her friends went there.   Suppose they saw her with HIM. 
“Look, I can’t go out.  I’m pretending to be ill so I can have time off school.”
“I could come round to your house.”
Antonia felt a sudden surge of panic, as if she had lost control of events.   She hadn’t expected him to be so close.   
“Look, my mother’s here.   What excuse could you possibly make to her for coming to see me?   She doesn’t know anything about you.”
“I’ll tell her I’m the big brother of one of your classmates.   I’ve been helping you both with a project and I need to talk to you so you can finish it tonight.”
“That’s a blatant lie, Perg.”
“Think of it as an explanation, Ant!   What’s your address?”
Antonia gave him her address, worrying all the time that this could be just one heroic sacrifice too far.

About forty minutes later, Antonia was lying in bed, her thoughts fluttering between where the hell Ogg was and what kind of disastrous effect Perg would have on her mother, when she heard the doorbell ring.   She cringed and hid under the bedclothes again.   She could feel her face getting red just imagining her mother opening the door and being faced by a long spotty beanpole.   She could hear them talking but she couldn’t make out what they were saying.   The best she could hope for was that they were both so odd they would each think the other was normal.   The door closed and her mother shouted up the stairs again.
“Antonia, there’s someone to see you.” 
Well at least she had let him in.
“I’ll be down in a moment”
She threw on the least outrageous clothes that came to hand quickly and sped down the stairs.   The longer she left them alone, the more chance of a disaster.
When she got to the living room, Perg was already perched on the edge of the sofa holding a glass of her mum’s home made lemonade.    Her lemonade making was a bit like her dress making – so God knows what it tasted like.  It didn’t look like he had drunk any so far.   If she was quick, maybe she could save him.   But her mum had a natural talent for making a bad situation worse.
“Antonia’s not felling too well, Peregrine.   Women’s problems.”   And she nodded conspiratorially.
She noted gratefully that Peregrine was looking as if he hadn’t a clue what her mother was talking about.   She was grateful, though he was so convincing she didn’t know whether to put it down to gallantry or just ignorance.
“Is it about the project, Perg?”
Peregrine nodded.   Antonia suddenly jumped up, grabbed his hand, and pulled him out of the room. 
“We’ll go up to my bedroom.  We need the computer.”
Antonia’s mum shouted up the stairs again.
“I hope your room’s tidy, Antonia!”  Then, looking at the still full glass on the coffee table, she shook her head.
“She didn’t even give him time to drink his lemonade.”

When Antonia and Perg opened the door to the bedroom, there was Ogg sitting in front of the computer, tapping away contentedly.
“Hi guys,” he said, without looking round.
“Where have you been?” Antonia asked crossly.
“As usual.  Everywhere.”
“Not quite everywhere.  You haven’t been here, for example,” Antonia pointed out.
“Nor at my place,” Perg chipped in, anxious to be seen to support the object of his affections.
“Well, your idea this morning intrigued me, and I’ve spent all morning checking it out.”  
This was too much for Antonia.
“I didn’t even get the chance to tell you the idea.   If there are no rules of etiquette for Great Beings, there should be. Like, for example, if they rummage around inside people’s minds and steal their thoughts, they should at least let them know.”
Ogg looked at her as if he had no idea of what prompted this outburst.
“You’re just being emotional.”
Antonia opened an indignant moth but no words succeeded in escaping.   Perg jumped in again with support.
“She has a point, Ogg.   It wasn’t very polite.   And it was worrying too, for both of us.”   
“You’re right.  I’m sorry,” Ogg said, backing off when faced with the total weight of opinion of two of his disciples. 
“Since you know all about it, what do you think of my plan anyway?” Antonia asked.
She noticed Ogg looking a little uncomfortable, so she feared the worst.   Yet she was sure it was a good plan.   She was convinced that two minds are better than one, and a large number of the kind of excellent minds that Ogg associated with were better than anything.   So what could be the problem?
Ogg had switched into story telling mode.
“As you know, the world has been around for a very long time, and the universe, like me, has been around for ever?”
“Get to the point, Ogg!”   Antonia hated it when people start talking around a subject.  It usually means  they are working up to bad news.   And she was disappointed that a Great Being could resort to such obvious hypocritical tactics.
  “One of the results of this is that nothing is new, everything has happened before.  At best, the same things happen again with minor changes.”
“You mean the future has disappeared before?” Antonia interrupted.
“No, obviously not.   But we have had a few scares in the past.   But let me go on. The point is that your idea of an Ogg’s army isn’t exactly new.   It’s been tried before.   It didn’t work.”  
Antoina went on the defensive right away.
“Was it EXACTLY my idea?”
“Minor changes, Ant, like I said.”
“Minor, but important.   A peaceful army of great minds pondering the problems.   The interaction of ideas.   It has to produce the best result.   Impeccable logic!”
“Impeccable, but incomplete, I’m afraid.    Let me tell you what happened all those times before.”
“ALL those times?  Were there a lot.”
“I’m afraid so.   And every one with disastrous results.”
Antonia was feeling low.   The first time she had done some important original thinking on her own and it appeared she had got it all wrong.   She was even a little grateful when the spotty Perg took her hand and squeezed it.
“It’s not your fault you missed something out in your thinking.   What you’re missing is called experience.   It’s just too easy to miss some of the implications of your ideas, and only knowledge of the past can help you find all the possibilities.   Learning history can help, but nothing beats actually being there, and that, unfortunately, is a privilege only available to Great Beings.”
This had the dual effect of cheering Antonia up and depressing her at the same time.   On the one hand, there was the comforting knowledge that she couldn’t have been expected to have got to the complete bottom of her idea, but, on the other, there was the clear message that she never would be able to think correctly and deeply, since she could only ever be an ordinary person and never a Great Being.   But she didn’t have time to mope over it, as Ogg, perhaps sensing her discomfort, pressed on with his story.
“What usually happens when my followers start an army, is that there are too many of them who want to be leaders.   Each of them has a sightly different idea of where the army should go, what it should do, even why it exists.   The first thing they do, of course, is to start calling me by different names.   Then they write great books of wisdom where they shove in stories and rules that they make up to support their particular point of view.   They teach this rubbish to their children and their children’s children.   Each group soon forgets about me, and the whole focus of their attention is on hating the other groups.   And of course, they soon start quarrelling, and the quarrelling ends up in fights, and the fights grow into wars.”
“Why don’t you stop it?” Antonia asked.    She was getting that faint feeling of distaste that she often felt with Ogg.   There was a sense of passivity, of him being an observer rather than a doer.   A certain reluctance to get involved, to be a campaigner.   She wanted to lift him up, shake him, and say ‘Go on, make the world better, you can do it!’ 
“Not within my power, Ant!   I can read minds, but I don’t control them.”
“But you’re a Great Being!”
“You’re making the mistake of thinking Great Beings create ordinary people.    Try to think instead of Ordinary People creating great beings.”
A bell rang within Antonia’s head.   She had the sense that this is something Ogg had been telling her all along, and she hadn’t quite got it.  She reached out a bit tentatively and touched his arm.  It seemed solid, but…  Then she looked over at Peregrine Pratt.   What was he thinking?   Did he understand any better than she did?   Did it matter?   Maybe later, when Ogg was off somewhere else, she could discuss it with him.   It might help her, but, she now knew that when it came to making up her mind she was and always would be on her own.   But somewhere outside her thoughts a noise was reaching her.   Ogg was still speaking.
“I didn’t dismiss your idea out of hand, all the same, Ant.   I thought to myself that this time, perhaps, the conditions were right.   Perhaps by now I had helped my friends see that while their points of view were important, so were other people’s.   Perhaps we could all work as one to tackle whatever it is the future has in front of us.   So I spoke to every one of them, except you and Perg here.   That’s where I’ve been all day.   The workload of all these meetings was pretty hefty even for Great Being.   And to no avail.   If we try to form an army now, the result would be seven new religions, one hundred and fifty warring sects, and widespread bloodshed all over the world.  And all because no-one really wants to listen to anyone else!   I’m sorry, Ant, but we just can’t risk trying your plan.”
Tears welled up in Antonia’s eyes.   How could she be thinking so right and yet get it so wrong?   If she had made a mistake in her logic, fine, she could have accepted that.   She still considered herself a learner.   But her logic had been, as Ogg had admitted, impeccable, and yet the results would have been disastrous.  Was it beyond the ability of anyone to save the world?   She needed a shoulder to cry on, and, to her amazement, when she looked up, she found her head had chosen the bony shoulder of Peregrine Pratt, that it was his shirt that was dripping wet from her tears, and his lanky arms were the arms clasped around her shoulders helping her keep her shudders under some kind of control.




Chapter 14

That night, Antonia hardly slept.   For most of the time she lay awake, her troubled thoughts battling against her drowsiness and winning.   She had tried so hard and yet she was a failure.   She had thought to help the world and instead all she would have done was make things infinitely worse.   An idea formed with the best of intentions and with the worst of effects.   She reflected on the nature of ideas.   How quickly did they appear?   Physiologically speaking, a few electrical impulses inside her brain and the seeds of hate and destruction were successfully sown.   She reflected also on the power of ideas.   How people were prepared to kill and die for something you couldn’t even see, or touch.   And she reflected on the ephemeral nature of ideas.   How they could appear and disappear so fast, and how they changed constantly as they were passed around from one thinker to another.   Ogg believed, or at least she thought he believed, that correct thinking led to solid dependable ideas that would put the world onto the right path and keep it there.   But hadn’t she been thinking correctly when she put together her dangerous plan?   It seemed to her now that all ideas were nothing but the internal combustion engines of vehicles of unhappiness.   Better perhaps not to think at all.   To obey blindly.   But what to obey?   Someone else’s ideas?   How then to choose?   Only by thinking.   Maybe Ogg was right.  We have to think; better to think correctly rather than sloppily.  
Her mind raced around in this fashion all night, and she tossed and turned.   She lay on one side when she was in a pro-Ogg frame of mind, and tossed herself onto the other side when she became anti-Ogg.    Eventually the confusion and tiredness would send her off into short fitful dozes, which were, if anything, worse than her tormented waking thoughts.   She was prey to nightmares, where witches of teachers armed with whips asked her questions she couldn’t answer, or hooded torturers would force her to confess to heinous thought crimes.  In the last one, she felt the sensation of a shadow lying across her body, a heavy weighted blanket pinning her to the bed, trapping her arms and legs so she couldn’t move, while above her a toothless grinning head was muttering what seemed like an evil spell.   When she opened her eyes, a worried Ogg was looking down at her.   
“Have you seen Perg?” he asked her.
She was still dazed.   Perg had gone home after their meeting.   Surely he was still there.   What time was it?   7.30 am.   Surely he would be in his bed, sleeping.   Unless he was having the same miserable night that she was just finishing.   She shook her head.
“I can’t get on touch with him.”
“He’s probably asleep,” Antonia suggested.
“That doesn’t stop me making contact.”
Antonia’s jaw fell open.   She couldn’t believe what she was hearing.  Even though Ogg was her best friend she could not hold back the wave of indignation that was sweeping over her.   Great Beings are Great Beings, but everyone has a right to some small corner of privacy.  
  “You mean you can rummage around in our thoughts even when we’re SLEEPING?” 
“Why not?”
“We could be having thoughts we don’t even know about but you would know.” 
“Yes”
“You could know us better than we know ourselves.”
“It’s possible”
“It’s not right.”
“No, I promise you, it’s quite right.   It’s one of my powers.”    
“That’s not what I mean.   I mean it’s not morally right.   Everyone is entitled to their privacy.  It’s bad enough that you can read our thoughts, uninvited, when we’re awake.   But you have absolutely no right to read those unconscious secret thoughts that even we can’t control.   It’s just not fair.”
“Why not?”
“Ogg, surely you can see why?   Can’t Great Beings tell right from wrong?”
“No, we can’t.  Can you?”
“Of course I can?”
“So how do you know what’s right and what’s wrong?” 
“You mean, you want an explanation?”
“Yes please,” said Ogg and Antonia saw the corners of his mouth turn up into a rarely suppresses self-satisfied smile.   He had led her into a logic trap again, and, even if it was for her own good, she couldn’t help but find it annoying.
“GPQ, I suppose?” Her voice was cold, and she hoped he had retained enough sensitivity to register her displeasure.
“Afraid so!”
“Look,” she said, “I know that on one hand morality is just the accumulation of received opinions from my social environment, but I do think there is a logic to these opinions.”
“You do?” 
“Yes”
“So what is it?”
“Look, this is a GPQ.  I’m not going to get the answer to this, am I?”
 “Probably not, but you mustn’t stop trying.”
“Why not?  Why not stop trying?   Because it would be morally the wrong thing to do?”
Ogg looked at her.   He knew where the argument was going. And he knew that she knew too.  It was her turn for the supercilious smile.   
“We should try to get hold of Perg,” he said, one –because Ant had twisted him into a corner and he needed to change the subject, and two –because he was bit uneasy that Perg had slipped temporarily out of his sphere of influence.
    Antonia switched on her computer and opened her chat program.    Perg was on-line.   She sent him a message.
‘Hi Perg, are you really there?’
‘Hi Ant.   Just doing a bit of work.’
‘Seen Ogg?’
‘No’
‘He’s looking for you.’
‘Ant, Ogg doesn’t look for people.   He just KNOWS where you are.’
‘Apparently not you today.’
‘??’
‘?? too.   Let me talk to Ogg!’  
“Ogg, I’ve got Perg on the internet.   He’s at home working.”
“He’s not.”
“I’m talking to him.”
“It must be someone else.   Check his identity”
Antonia went back to the computer.
‘What did my mum give you yesterday?’
‘She said it was lemonade.    I don’t know what it really was.  I managed to avoid tasting it’
She turned to Ogg.
“It’s definitely Perg.”
Ogg screwed up his face in concentration.   He even resorted to some inaudible incantations.   This looked promising.   Antonia found herself hoping that, when the chips were down the magic would come into the scene at last, and there would be a bit of a spectacle. 
Her disappointment, when it came, was total.   Not only had Ogg not produced any flashing lights or whiz-bangs, but he had completely failed to make contact with the recalcitrant Peregrine.
“Can’t be him!   Someone must be using his computer,” Ogg muttered.
Antonia picked up her mobile and dialled.
“Hi Ant,” a voice of unmistakable ‘Pergness’ replied.
“Perg, I’ve got Ogg here.  He says he can’t talk to you.”
“Of course he can.   Put him on!”
“It is Perg.   He wants to talk to you too.”   Antonia held the phone out for Ogg to take it, but he looked at her askance.   
“I don’t use these things, Ant.”
“Well, your thing isn’t working, so why don’t you try normal communication, just for once.”
If there’s one thing Great Beings hate, it’s being bossed about by teenage girls, especially when they display hints of a triumphant smile.    Ogg considered refusing her offer of the use of her mobile phone, just on principle.   It would have been a stupid but understandable thing to do, for an ordinary person.   But Ogg was a Great Being, and also a role model for the young, and he took the phone from her with as much good grace as he could manage. 
“Hello Perg.    …   Hello!   …   Are you there, Perg? …   He’s not there, Ant.”
“Let me try!”   She took the phone back.
“Perg?”
“What happened, Ant.”
“You couldn’t hear Ogg?”
“Not a word.   Couldn’t he hear me?”
“No.”
“I’m only getting half of this conversation, Ant,” Ogg chipped in.   “It’s as if Perg were…”
“…A non-human?   No, that’s impossible.”   Antonia knew that it was logically possible, but it wasn’t something she was prepared to accept.   She didn’t know why, but her mind quite simply rejected the idea that Perg was no longer Perg as he had been yesterday.         
“There’s no other logical explanation.”
“There must be!”   He was OK yesterday.   He sounds the same.   He can’t have changed overnight.”
“Why not?”  Ogg asked.
Antonia frowned.   It was Ogg that had taught her that ‘Why not?’ is one of the most dangerous questions that can be asked.  You can ‘why not’ anything, and from there it’s a simple step to presenting the most atrocious lies and deceptions as facts, and before you know where you are you’re speaking like a politician.   And, as far as she could work out, one of Ogg’s main aims was to eliminate politicians and political thought from the minds of mankind.   So was he slipping, or was there some ulterior motive to his off-hand question?   Well, if it was a trap, she wasn’t going to fall into it!
“I’m not even going to answer that stupid question,” she told him, and his smile told her that that was exactly the response Ogg had expected from her.  She ignored him, and spoke softly into her phone.    “Perg, is there anything different about you today, compared to yesterday?”
“I’m wearing a clean T-shirt, and my acne’s a lot better.”
It was good news about the acne.   Antonia supposed that someday someone she knew was bound to see her with Perg, and for the sake of her street cred the less spots the better.   As for the T-shirt, she didn’t dare to ask what that was like.   True, her mother hadn’t even noticed the awful abomination he had been wearing yesterday, but who else in the world could have the lack of aesthetic sensibility her mother was gifted with.   She would have to take him on as a challenge, and try to make him more presentable.   And in the meantime, keep him out of sight as much as possible.   
“What’s he saying?” she heard Ogg ask.   Antonia blushed a little, feeling guilty at letting her mind stray from the point and being caught.
“He reports only minor changes in his appearance,” she replied, lowering her voice and assuming a serious scientific tone.   Then she realised that this subterfuge was pointless as far as Ogg was concerned, and she blushed again.
“You seem to be concentrating more on Peregrine Pratt than on the business in hand,” Ogg slipped in.       
“I’m not, Ogg.   I’m not!” she protested too much.   Then she lowered her voice again.  “And anyway, this is a very serious matter which we need to get to the bottom of.   Look, wouldn’t it better if we met in person, instead of this silly three-way conversation over the phone.”
“Get Ogg to whizz me over there!”  Peregrine suggested.
“Can you whizz Perg over here?”
“No I can’t, I can’t get in contact with him, remember?   I’ll have to whizz us over to him.”
“Stand by, Perg, we’re coming to you.”
“No, don’t do that!” Peregrine panicked.
“He doesn’t want us to go there,” she told Ogg, and then to Perg. “Why ever not?”
Peregrine stumbled over his words.   “My place is a bit of a mess, not really fit for visitors.”    This was true, but it wasn’t the real reason.   His  bedsit cum office was decorated with pictures of Antonia, poems to Antonia, and various keepsakes he had managed to appropriate from their time together in the desert.   The thought of the object of his affections actually seeing all these tributes suddenly made him conscious that she might think him a bit obsessive.   And Ogg would no doubt rag him to bits.   
Antonia shrugged.   She could accept his reason at face value, but then her own room hardly qualified as tidy minimalist.   But let him have his eccentricities.   Yesterday she would have revelled in rubbing his nose in it; today for some reason she was inclined to spare his embarrassment. 
“Look, I’ll meet you at MacDonald’s, Chiswick High Street!”  Perg suggested.   
Antonia thought he must know that that was where her group hung out.   It was the second time he had suggested it as a meeting place.   But where else?    She  reluctantly agreed, feeling martyred for the cause of saving civilisation.
“OK, but we’ll be at the back, as far as possible from the counter.   And wear a decent T-shirt!  We’ll be there before you.   I’m travelling Great Being transport, you’ll need to get the bus.”

Ogg whisked himself and Antonia to a back table in MacDonald’s.   He left her sitting there, went to the counter, and came back with three milk shakes.   Antonia           found herself wondering how, no matter where and when they went, Ogg managed to always have a plentiful supply of the right currency.  She supposed it was small detail for a Great Being with supernatural powers, but it would be extremely useful facility for the likes of her, or her mother and father.   She could always have decent clothes, for a start.
They waited in silence for Perg.   Antonia wished they had made a more conventional entrance into the place through the front door.   They were in a hidden corner and she couldn’t see most of the restaurant, so she couldn’t tell if there was anyone in the place who knew her.    Suppose Perg arrived and walked right up to her table, followed by eager pairs of eyes belonging to her classmates. It would be so embarrassing.   She shivered.   He really wasn’t in a fit state to be shown off.   Not yet!
Antonia had just finished her milk shake when Peregrine arrived, but she noticed that Ogg hadn’t touched his, so to the casual observer to whom Ogg was invisible it would seem that she and Peg were sitting there, in deep conversation, their drinks forgotten in the intensity of their debate.   It crossed her mind that maybe the Ogg-Perg non-communication was a wind-up, and she was the subject of a clever conspiracy to compromise her.
“Didn’t Ogg come, then?” Perg asked, and she immediately concluded that her last thought had been a bit paranoiaic.   Unless Perg was much more quick thinking and a better actor than she had been led to believe.
“Of course he’s come.   You really don’t see him?” she asked.
“Oh, is that Perg here now?” Ogg chipped in.
“Did he say something?” Perg enquired.    
Antonia narrowed her eyes and peered at the pair of them.   It suddenly all seemed a bit too pat.
“You two are winding me up?”
“Who me?” they both said, together.
“Have I ever lied to you?” Ogg asked.   For someone who had dedicated a considerable amount of his time to teaching her the ambiguous nature of truth, this was a stupid question, and she told Ogg so in no uncertain manner.
“That’s a stupid question,” she said.
“I didn’t ask a question,” Perg answered.
“I wasn’t talking to you,” Antonia told him.
“Sorry.  I suppose you were talking to Ogg.   Only, it’s hard for me to know when you’re talking to me and when you’re talking to him.   Maybe you could preface every utterance with our names, so we would know.”
“Perg, shut up!” Antonia screamed.
“Yeah, like that Ant!” 
Antonia crossed her arms and waited for calm to descend.   She was giving out those feminine waves that brook no male interference, whether from the human or Great Being variety.   Ogg and Peregrine instinctively said nothing.  
“OK, you two, listen!   Can you both hear me?”
“Yes, I can,” they answered together.    Antonia took a deep breath, preparing herself to astound them with a great revelation.  
“If you really can’t communicate with each other, then this might be the breakthrough we’ve been waiting for.     If we can find out why your communication has broken down, it might explain what is happening – is going to happen – when the end of the world arrives.   I know that not being able to talk to each other is annoying for both of you, but actually it’s quite comforting.   I mean, we don’t really know that the world is going to end, do we?   All we know is that Ogg will have this problem with communication.   And here you are having it right now with Perg, and Perg is still here, with all his important bits attached more or less where they should be, as far as I can see.   I think that proves that it’s highly likely that Ogg’s loss of communication is just that, a mere loss of communication, and not the end of the world, which we all supposed and  feared.”
Peregrine gave her a look of loving admiration.   Ogg, however, is a much bigger nut to crack when it comes to impressing people.   He reflected for an instant, and then asked,
“How do you know Perg is real?”
“Of course he’s real, look at him.   Can’t we see him, touch him.”  She ruffled his hair, felt his barely perceptible biceps.   She felt Perg’s little purr from somewhere deep in tummy, and immediately regretted it.  It had only been a scientific demonstration, after all. “I mean, how real do you want?   I can’t even think how you could begin to suggest that my Perg isn’t real.”
Her Perg!  She blushed when she realised what she had just said.  Perg seemed to have missed it, thank goodness.  
“Wrong answer, Ant.   You’re getting a little bit emotional.   Not that I’m not flattered, but Ogg will demolish you.”
Antonia allowed herself the luxury of a rather mild swearword.   And it said a lot for her intellectual progress under Ogg’s tutorship that she was instantaneously able to recover, and without a noticeable pause in her flow.
“And what exactly do you mean by ‘real’ anyway?”
If there’s one way to bring an argument to a speedy end, it’s to throw in a Great Philosophical Question just at the right moment.   No one said anything for a few minutes.   Then Peregrine piped up.
“All the same, Ant, I’m not sure that your argument is really watertight.   I mean, granted, I have a problem with my Ogg communication.    And of course it is possible that that it’s the same problem that will cause Ogg to lose all communication in the future, and therefore you could be right that our end if the world isn’t the end of the world at all.   But we don’t know that today’s and the future’s communication problem is the same problem, and this seems to me the fatal flaw in your logic.   If you don’t mind me saying so.”
Antonia minded very much him saying so.   She had it hard enough with Ogg, she didn’t need him to criticise her as well.   After all, wasn’t he the one who had come up with that stupid idea of the alien invasion, and dragged all of them to the middle of a desert to wait for something that was never going to happen?  And another thing, she had been careful to nuance her proposition.   She had said it was ‘highly likely ’ that Ogg’s loss of communication wasn’t the end of the world.   OK.   Maybe should could have said ‘probably’ or even ‘possibly’, but she had admitted the possibility of being wrong.   And besides, wasn’t there such a thing as loyalty?   She gave him a look which threatened to kill, and, just in case he missed it, she reinforced with a vehement outburst.
“Who the hell do you think you are to talk, Mr Spaceman Lover?   I could kill you!”
“I was only trying to help, to make sure we’re thinking straight about this problem.” 
“Yes, Ant, he was only trying to help,” Ogg interrupted.
Antonia’s mouth fell open.   The pair of bastards!   (Excuse me, but they deserve it)   So they had been winding her up all along.   Well, it was a really stupid trick to play, especially when the world was in such deep trouble.   Of course, boys will be boys.   With their love of games and lack of feelings!   A woman would never have done such a thing.
“You could understand each other all the time!” she screamed at them.     
Both Ogg and Peregrine started to mouth their denials, but it was too late.   Antonia was not in a mood for being convinced.   Of course, she was wrong.   They really hadn’t been able to relate with each other until Antonia’s violent outburst against Peregrine.  And had she reflected on this lack of ability to interact, and on the manner in which the interaction had been restored, she might well have come up with some interesting thoughts in the relationship between Great Beings and Ordinary People.   But her feelings were too bruised, and once again sentiment had got in the way of a great opportunity for all of us to understand ourselves and the rest of the world a lot better.   
“I’m not talking to either of you at the moment.   Whiz me back home, Ogg!”
And Ogg immediately whizzed her back to her bedroom, demonstrating that Great Beings are entirely at the beck and call of ordinary people.




Chapter 15

The next day Antonia went to school, and tried to concentrate on her lessons.   Her A levels were coming up and this wasn’t the time to let small things like the end of the world divert her from her purpose.  O.K. she admitted that, while before all this stuff with Ogg blew up, the A level results were the most important thing in her life, but now they were only possibly the most important.   But, all the same, in spite of Ogg’s lack of progress, the end of world was by no means certain either.   So she buckled down to thinking about the causes of the Second World War, differential equations and the use of the subjunctive form of the verb in French.  Whenever her mind started to wander, she reminded herself how awful it would be if the world was saved and then she didn’t get the points she needed for University.   In this way she managed to keep her mind more or less on what the teachers were droning on about for the whole day.   Though heaven knows how much of it she would remember!          
When she came out of the last lesson, she was vaguely aware of one of her classmates talking to her, but, frankly, the annoying idea that neither Ogg nor Perg had been touch all day was bumping around inside her brain and she really only heard snatches of what the person – oh, it was the spotty boy who was always second to her in Maths -  was saying.  She caught ‘... and I really don’t understand it’, but that was all.  She had no idea what he didn’t understand.  And, frankly, it was embarrassing.  She didn’t dislike the boy, but he was a bit pompous and it usually gave her a bit of guilty pleasure to help him out with the more difficult bits of the course.  And now she didn’t know what he was talking about.  God, but she was going to look stupid!  Then, thankfully, her mobile phone went off.   She looked quickly – it was Perg.
“Sorry, urgent message.  Talk to you tomorrow!” And she ran off, reading the message as she went.  ‘Urgent.  Meet me in MacDonalds’, it said.
No way was she going to met him in MacDonalds.   She’d got away with it yesterday, but right now it was just after school!  Everyone would be there.  And who did he think he was, ordering her about like that?  She dialed his number.
“It’s me”, she said.  “What’s all this about?”
“Ogg needs to talk to us.  Come down to MacDonald’s right away!”
“If Ogg wanted to speak to me, why didn’t he do it in the usual way?  When did he appoint you as his messenger?”
“Don’t get angry with me, Ant!  I’m only passing on the message.  You know Ogg moves in mysterious ways.” 
She found herself wondering why she was so short-tempered with him.   She didn’t mean to be.    He wasn’t a bad guy.   Maybe it was the stress.   How often does someone have to cope with the end of the world and A-levels at the same time?   Her quick temper was entirely excusable, in her opinion.   All the same, she ought to try to be nice.
“Look, I’m sorry.   I’ll come.  But not to MacDonalds!   I’ll meet you in the coffee shop across the road.”   Being nice was all very well, but there were limits.   Her crowd almost never went to the coffee shop.  Probably nobody would see them.
“I don’t suppose you’ve had your hair cut –or at least washed ?” she asked him.
“What are you talking about?” he replied, bemused. 
She didn’t know what she would do with him.   
“Well at least wear a clean t-shirt.” she commanded, and switched of the phone.


   When she got to the coffee shop, Ogg and Perg were already there.   Perg had even bought a coffee for her.   They were in a far corner, and in the front part of the shop were a group of three girls from her class having ice creams.  She walked past them looking the other way and pretended not to hear them when they said ‘Hi Antonia’.  She looked over at Perg.   His spots seemed to have gone, but his hair was its usual greasy scraggy mess.   His t-shirt was clean but not ironed.   She wondered if the girls could see them from where they were.   At least she wasn’t alone with him, Ogg was there too.   There was a coffee in front of Perg and a steaming cappuccino on the table in front of the spare seat.   
“We got you a coffee,” Perg said.
She sat down with a muttered thanks aimed more in Ogg’s direction and took a sip.
“Your thoughts seem in a total mess today, if you don’t mind me saying so,” Ogg told her.         
She did mind. She minded so much she aimed a kick at him under the table.  Her foot went straight through where his leg appeared to be. 
“You’re not being invisible again?” she asked him.
“I think it’s more prudent,” he answered.
“My God!” she said out loud, realising that anyone seeing them would think she and Perg were, well, together.   And those gossips from her class were in the front shop!
“What’s wrong, Ant”, Perg enquired, obviously concerned.  
“Nothing!” she said, crossly.  “And don’t look at me!  And when you go home, wash your hair!”
There are certain times when women talk, and the only thing men can do is shut up.  For all his inexperience with the opposite sex, Peregrine Pratt instantly recognised this as one of those times.   He said nothing.   Ogg, who of course had an infinite amount of experience of women, and even took the female form from  time to time, said nothing either.  But there were times when even saying nothing can’t get men or Great Beings off the hook, and this was one of them.    Antonia glared at them as if they were naughty boys, which in her opinion they were.  An icy silence ensued.   It was broken by Perg.
“There are a couple of girls waving at you through the window,” he told Antonia. 
She didn’t look.   What would she say tomorrow?  ‘He’s my probation officer’ would be better than the truth.  The cold lack of conversation continued, until Antonia’s mind settled a bit and she could speak.
“Why are we here then?” she asked.
“Social reasons?” Ogg said for a joke, and immediately regretted it.  Women’s sense of humour is unpredictable, especially when they are teenagers.  
“I’ve got a lot of homework,” she informed him with a frosty look.   She had the distinct feeling that Ogg was trying to make fun of her, or that there was some deep lesson buried in all this nonsense.   Ogg wasn’t a cruel person, a bit supercilious but Great Beings had some justification for that.  Why was he putting her through all this embarrassment?   Just for a laugh?  She hoped not.
“Perg has had an idea,” Ogg told her.  He seemed optimistic. 
To be honest, Antonia wasn’t too hopeful.   Perg’s last idea hadn’t yielded much fruit.  A bit of a sun tan, a special commendation for the history she had mugged up, but nothing in the way of a solution to the threat to future civilisation.   But Ogg had taught her that anything not proven false could be true, and she had learned in Maths that six heads in a row don’t make the next flip of the coin less likely to be a head, so there was little to lose by listening.   
“Let’s hear it, Perg,” she said, although in a somewhat challenging and ungracious way.   Anyone less besotted than Peregrine Pratt would have taken offence.  
“Well, as we know, Ogg has been everywhere and, not only everywhere, but at every time as well, trying to find out what’s going on.”
“More than that, Perg!  I am still everywhere at all times searching for the explanation.  It’s what we Great Beings do.”
“But without success.”
 “Without success so far,” Ogg corrected him.   Hearing this, Antonia felt a little smug.  She knew that what happened in the past could provide no absolute guarantee of the same thing happening in the future, even if Perg didn’t.
“Yes, well,” Peregrine acknowledged. .  “All the same, you have to admit it doesn’t look too hopeful.”
  “There’s no logical reason for me to admit that.  On the other hand, the more options the better.  Go on!” 
“I simply think we have to look somewhere else.”
This seemed to get Ogg upset, if not a little angry.   
“I am searching,” he said in a firm voice which brooked no argument, “throughout the universe and the whole of history.  There is nowhere else.” 
“In the real world, yes!  But what about the virtual world?”
Peregrine Pratt sat back with a glow of triumph on his face.   Didn’t this make up for the gaffe about the incoming aliens?   Ogg and Antonia were looking at each other in amazement.   He had taken the wind out of their sails and put their gas in a peep at the same time.   And he could see Ant was impressed.
“What an absolutely stupid, idiotic idea!” she announced.   
Ogg intervened. “Wait a minute, Ant!  Maybe Perg has got a point” 
Suddenly, Antonia felt extremely guilty.   She hadn’t meant to blurt her reaction out just like that.   It seemed that every time she spoke to Perg, she was driven by some invisible force to say something hurtful.      She felt the need to justify herself.
“Well, maybe stupid is a bit strong.  But what is the virtual world?  It is the manifestation of the imagination of certain human beings.  It is their thoughts turned into computer programmes.  So, it seems to me, and I hope you’ll agree, that since Ogg is able to read those thoughts, he has already fully accessed the mysteries of the virtual world.”       
“I don’t want to upset you, Ant”, Perg began (because he really didn’t want to upset her and he had noticed that she was in a somewhat tetchy mood), “but if you don’t mind me saying so, to hold such an opinion is to betray a lack of awareness of the creative process and its relationship to the unconscious nature of our consciousness.”  It was long sentence with big words but none the less impactful for all that.   In spite of this expressed fears and polite caveats, he had upset her and she did mind him saying so.     Ogg was the one who had the right to criticise her thinking.   If she was going allow him to continue to hang around her, which she had to admit she was now actively considering, the least he could do was to be uncritically supportive of her ideas.   She was in the process of formulating a suitable witty put-down incorporating a snide reference to his unwashed hair when Ogg interrupted her thoughts.   
“Perg could be right, you know,” he pointed out.
“What do you mean?” she answered.  “What do both of you mean”, she repeated, looking from one to the other with brows furrowed and eyes narrowed.   Perg was trying to defer to Ogg, but Ogg was having none of it.  
“No, you tell her, Perg.  It’s your idea”.
“All I wanted to say is that when we creators create, we really don’t know where the ideas come from.  It’s not as if there’s something rational inside our heads, organising the whys and wherefores and whats and when and hows.  It’s a kind of mess which appears inside our heads, presumably from the unconscious part of our           mind.   Sure, we kind of think logically to make it real, write the code, organise the program structure, but there’s something there that isn’t what you could call our thoughts, so consequently Ogg can’t reach it.  But if we go in there, to that virtual world, who knows what we might find out?”   
“You mean something hidden that maybe only a psychiatrist can get at, like interpreting a dream?”  Antonia asked.
“Yes, but we’re counting on Ogg to be a bit more effective than a psychiatrist.”
“Ogg, could you do such a thing?”
Ogg gave a self-confident shrug. “Doesn’t sound too difficult for a Great  Being,” 
“Well, I can’t believe you could envisage such an immoral thing!  And both of you, too!”       
They looked at her, wondering if they would ever understand the vagaries of the female mind.  What had they said now? 
“It’s bad enough, Ogg, when you fly inside my head and help yourself to my private thoughts and feelings.  It’s what Great Beingness is, and I accept it, although sometimes I wish you could demonstrate a bit of self restraint.  You don’t need to know everything, but then I suppose you need to know everything to know what you don’t need to know.   So it’s something we who are less than Great Beings just have to put up with.   But this is something entirely different.  We’re talking here about dipping into people’s heads and finding out things about them that they don’t even know themselves.   Omniscience is one thing, but this is being all-powerful.  It’s dangerous and it’s totally immoral.”
“Psychiatrists do it,” Perg pointed out.
“Only with permission, and even then without much success,” Antonia answered.
“But the end of the world’s at stake here,” Perg protested.
“A Machiavellian argument which sets us on the slippery slope to evil.” 
“Can I ask a question?” Ogg intervened.   Antonia gave an exasperated sigh.   Women should rule the world, she was thinking, because men and Great Beings totally lacked any meaningful concept of right and wrong.
“Why is it wrong for someone to know more about you than you yourself know?”
“My God, Ogg, isn’t that self evident?” Antonia fumed.  
“Nothing is self evident.” Ogg suggested. 
Antonia had to take a few minutes to think.   
“Morality is self-evident or non-existent.  Can you tell which?”  She said, coldly, straight to Ogg’s face.  Ogg didn’t reply.
“Nice one, Ant!” she heard Perg say.   That’s what you should be like, she thought, supportive.    Supportive with clean hair!  She even smiled at him.  Thus encouraged, Perg decide the time was right to pursue his idea. 
“Don’t you think we just have to go after this virtual world idea?” he asked.
“And just whose secret consciousness are we going to invade?  Whose dark unknown secrets are we going to rummage around in?  Which great creator of virtual reality are we going to violate without his knowledge?” Antonia was back on her high horse. 
“What about you, Perg?” Ogg chipped in. We could go and visit one of your fantasy worlds. 
Pergerine Pratt blushed crimson.   
“You know all about me,” he flustered, “wouldn’t be much point!”   
“We know all about your conscious,” Ogg reminded him, “but, as you said yourself, the unconscious leads us to a whole new world.  And if you’re worried about your secret longings for Ant, we all know about that already, so stop blushing.” 
“I couldn’t object to invading your world,” Antonia added, “after all, we would be doing it with your permission.  And it was your idea, after all!  How do we get started?” she added, with a relish poor old Peregrine found a trifle unsettling.




Chapter 16

There they were, the three of them, in the Peregrine Pratt residence, all seated at the Peregrine Pratt workstation in front of the Peregrine Pratt computer. Ogg was looking at the computer, Antonia was looking around at the general untidiness and disorder, shaking her head with a just-what- I- expected expression, and Perg was looking at Ant.   
“How can you live like this?  I’ll have to come round here and clean this place up,” she nagged him.   Perg looked pleased.   If someone thinks enough of you to nag you, that’s already something.   
“Which bit of virtual reality are we going to roll around in?”  Ogg asked.
“Does it matter?”  Perg enquired.
“I think the most up-to-date would be the most useful,” Antonia suggested. What were you working on yesterday?” 
Perg looked at the floor and spoke in a very small voice.
“It was about this beautiful girl in a bikini searching for aliens in the desert.” 
“Well, we don’t have to dig deep into your unconsciousness to see where that idea came from,” Ogg laughed.   Then he caught Antonia looking at him.   A look of fierce intimidation!   He had said the wrong thing and no mistake!   
“It seems to me, Perg, that we should have a look at what you were coming up with during that period when Ogg and you couldn’t communicate.   There has to be some element of non-humanness about what you were working on, don’t you think?  And if we can find out what it was, well, problem solved, wouldn’t you say?”
“Your word is my command, Ant,” Perg answered.  And although Antonia knew it all the time, it was nice to hear him say it.
The Peregrine Pratt fingers whizzed over the keyboard at breakneck speed, the little mouse arrow flashed fleetingly back and forth across the computer screen and computer image  succeeded computer image in a dizzy dioramas of shapes and colours.  It was almost magical, and Antonia found herself thinking that Perg, with his computer, was exhibiting more of the outward trappings of a Great Being than Ogg ever had. 
“Is this where we’re going, Perg” Ogg asked. 
“Yes”.
“Right then! Ready!” 
Suddenly the computer screen expanded to fill their whole field of vision, at the same time changing into a galaxy of stars.  For a brief second everything was still, and quiet, so quiet that the imagination, derived of sensory input, took over and played a soft soothing melody in their heads.   Then ‘Whoosh!!!’ Both Perg and Antonia were pushed hard into the back of their seats as off they went, ploughing through the dense universe in front of them.   They shot up, they shot down, they swerved to left and right, leaving their stomachs behind them.   After each violent manoeuvre, they slowed down to let their stomach’s catch up, then , whoosh!!! off they went again.   It was roller-coaster, helter-skelter kind of a journey, and exactly what Antonia had first expected when travelling in the company of Great Beings.   In the little gaps in the excitement, when she had time to think, she couldn’t help wondering if maybe Ogg was only doing it to outdo Perg’s display on the computer screen.  She had come to know that there was a petty side to even the greatest of Great Beings.   
The journey ended with a loop-the–loop and a double barrel roll, and Antonia found herself free-falling in pitch darkness until she hit the ground with a thump, and there she was sitting on her bottom in front of an austere immigration desk in a grey windowless room.  Ogg and Perg were nowhere to be seen.
“Passport!” a grey suited individual (she couldn’t tell its gender) snapped, holding a green hand with six fingers out at her.  The being seemed to be totally unfazed by her unconventional arrival. 
Antonia had a good look at herself so see whether Ogg had made any changes to her for this journey, or slipped any useful items into her pockets, like, for example, a passport.   As far as she could see - there were no mirrors – she was exactly as she had been in Perg’s apartment.   And her search of her pockets revealed only some small change and the lipstick smattered hankie she used to tidy up her make-up mistakes. 
“I don’t have a passport,” she told the thing in front of her.
“Hmmmm!” it hissed, in exactly that tone of voice you get when you ask a fashion chain shop assistant if she has a skirt in a bigger size.
They looked at each other, both of them hoping that a passport would magically appear and get them out of the dilemma. When it was obvious that no deus-ex-machina was going to be forthcoming, the customs official tossed its head to one side, and said,
“That room over there. Go in and wait!  And take your luggage with you!”
Antonia had a look round, but she had no luggage as far as she could see. She  could only think that her customs official was like all civil servants, programmed to say certain things in certain situations whether they made any sense or not. So she took herself off, empty handed, through the indicated door and sat at one of the two seats beside the bare table in the small grey empty windowless cell beyond.  And she waited.
        Left on her own for half an hour, Antonia had time to reflect and her train of thought started off grey and turned darker as it progressed.  What were Ogg and Perg up to?   Didn’t they think they had some responsibility for her?  After all, Ogg was a Great Being and it was Perg’s computer game she was trapped inside.   Between them, surely, they must have some control over what was going on.   Why had they left her on her own, with no passport, already half way to some alien prison?   She looked around the room.   If this was any sort of reasonable computer game, there should be something she could use to get her out of this situation and into the next part of the game.   Two chairs, one table, a sunken light in the ceiling she couldn’t even get at.  No switch for the light, it was either on all the time or was controlled from outside.   The door didn’t have a handle on the inside, so she couldn’t open it to get out.   There was nothing else in the room.   She felt all over the tables, chairs, walls, and door looking for a secret passage to open, but not with much hope.  That would have been too obvious for Perg’s intellect, and she was glad in a way when she found nothing.   Maybe this was a part of the game where you just had to wait and see what happened next.  All the same, sitting there felt like an awful waste of time and there was the nagging doubt that perhaps she wouldn’t get out at all.   When Ogg and Perg did appear, they had better have some explanations and they had better be good ones.
Eventually, the door opened and something walked in.   It was carrying a mass of papers which it dropped on to the table as it sat down. .  
“I’ve brought your file,” it said.              
There had to be a hundred documents there and they didn’t even know her name.   Antonia frowned.  She remembered this was Perg’s imagination and she wondered what the hell he was up to.
“Right!  So you are the creature who came here without a passport?”
Who was he calling ‘a creature’?   OK, so she was still wearing a dress her mother made, but compared to the him, her or it in front of her, even she looked quite normal.   She was just about to say something to him when she realised how stupid she was being.  She was in his (she assumed it was a he from his belligerent attitude) world, so his odd green face, pointed nose and horns were commonplace to him.   She was the one who was different.   Then she remembered she was in the imaginary world of Peregrine Pratt and that meant the absolutely everything that happened here was down to him.   So who did Perg think he was, calling her ‘a creature’?  It had just better be mistake in his computer programming when he set up his virtual world.  She fumed a little.   But there was no sense in taking her anger out on the ‘thing’ opposite her, was there? Oh yes, there was!  It was just another figment of the Pratt imagination and if she got at it she was getting at its inventor too.   
“Who do you think you’re calling ‘a creature’?” she screamed.  Then, lifting her eyes towards the ceiling, she went on, her voice reaching unheard of octaves as she vent her fury at being put in such an awkward situation and being abandoned by those two jokers, Perg and Ogg. “And I’m talking to you, Pratt, wherever you are?   You and Ogg better get off your backsides and get here right away.  Can’t you see I need your help?”
Her ‘thing’ seemed stunned into silence by her outburst.   It stared for a few moments, then fell on the papers spread over the desk and began to write furiously all over them.   Whenever Antonia tried to sneak a glimpse at what was being written about her, the ‘thing’ judiciously hid the whole file with a protective arm. 
So she was just sitting there, oscillating between fear of what would happen to her and anger at the lack of Great Being support, when she suddenly found herself careering headfirst upwards towards the ceiling.  She put her arms out, absorbed the impact by letting them bend and executed a neat little forward roll.   She looked back to see the table, chairs, papers and her ‘thing’ lying on the ceiling beside her.  The ‘thing’ got up, carefully rearranged the table and chairs, scooped up the scattered papers, sat down and went back to his writing.
“What happened?” Antonia asked.
“Change of gravity.   Sometimes the force of gravity goes downwards, sometimes upwards.”
Well, Antonia realised that you could do anything if you were creating a virtual world.  You could people it with all sorts of strange looking creatures, like the ‘thing’ for example.   And of course, you could change the laws of nature to whatever you liked.   But she wondered if perhaps Perg had gone a bit too far.  At least in the real world the laws of nature seemed to be constant, whereas here Perg seemed to have come up with the quirky idea of changing them very few minutes.   And what were the consequences of that?   Apart from things falling about all over the place as the direction of the force of gravity changed at random.   The electric light was still working, so while Perg was sticking two fingers up at Newton he was at least showing some respect for Faraday. So far!   But there really was nothing she could rely on.  Anything could happen. 
“Do these changes of gravity happen often.  Is there a pattern?”  She asked, setting out on what she hoped would be a fruitful field of scientific enquiry. 
“From time to time,” the ‘thing ’answered, “but there doesn’t seem to be any pattern.  Who can fathom the mind of our Great Creator?”
Antonia told herself that she would fathom his mind pretty thoroughly when she finally got hold of him.   
“Well, that’s just about it, young lady,” the ‘thing’ suddenly announced.  “All I need now is your signature in triple quadruplicate and two passport photos.”
“I don’t have any passport photos.” 
“There’s a machine in the corridor.”  The ‘thing’ pointed at the door.
Antonia looked at it.  The room was effectively upside down now, so the door started half way up the wall.   I wasn’t going to be easy to get out of there.  She tried looking pointedly at the door and then at the ‘thing’, simpering, but when have women’s wiles ever worked on a civil servant?  If she wanted to get out, she would have to work it out for herself.   If she put the chair under the door, she could maybe jump up and scramble out the opening, but how would she open the door in the first place.  The handle was out of reach, even standing on the chair.   It shouldn’t be much of a problem compared to the GPQs she had been pondering of late, so why was she struggling to find a solution?    She was supposed this was the difference between philosophical and practical thinking.   The first kind didn’t seem to be of much use whenever she was in a difficult situation. 
She had just about resigned herself to sitting on the ceiling and waiting patiently for gravity to revert to its usual direction when she noticed a brush lying on the corner.   It was so obviously the ideal arm extension that she wondered why she hadn’t seen it before.  Perhaps Ogg or Perg had just slipped it in there when they saw she was in need of a bit of help.    If they had, she didn’t know whether to be pleased or angry.   In any case, there were times when thought needs to take second place to action, and this was one of them.  Antonia whizzed over to the door with the brush and chair, and, standing on one and pushing with the other, she succeeded in opening the door and clambering out.
The large reception area was now deserted.  The desks were hanging ominously from the floor, which was now the ceiling, and Antonia ducked instinctively as she passed underneath them.   A few papers were scattered at her feet on the ceiling, which was now the floor, but the use of the counters was of such an ephemeral nature that the inversion of gravity hadn’t produced much in the way of debris.   The photo machine was where she had been told it was, hanging uselessly upside down from the floor, which was now the ceiling.   Looking at it, Antonia realised that it was unlikely she would be able to persuade it to take her photograph.  First of all, there was the problem of getting up and inside it, then she had to find some appropriate coins to put in the slot, and finally there was the tantalising problem of how she could make the coin drop when Perg had made the necessary physical forces act in completely the wrong direction.  Real life, as she had discovered, was full of problems, but virtual life consisted of nothing but.  So she wasn’t going to get her photos and her pass after all.  But, looking around, she asked herself why she needed it anyway.  The automatic glass doors went from floor to ceiling, and there was no one around to bar her way.   She would just walk out of the place and nobody would know.   She strode purposefully to the doors, which opened in front of her, and passed through them to the open air.  Free!  As she got to the physical limits of the building, she pulled up short.  She was, of course, standing on the roof of the building, right at the edge of it, and, when she looked down, which had previously been up, she was staring into a never-ending abyss which passed through a few wispy clouds into a blue nothingness.   If she jumped, where would she end up?  If the laws of physics still applied, she would fall through the clouds until the force of gravity gave out, and be left suspended floating about in outer space freezing to death and gasping unsuccessfully to fill her lungs with oxygen.   Of course, this was Perg’s world, and Perg had already demonstrated a disarming willingness to take liberties with accepted natural laws, so she might be OK.  The trouble was, there was no way of knowing.   She was sure that Perg wouldn’t let her come to any serious harm, but should she rely on that and make the leap into the unknown?  To be honest, it seemed a bit chancy.   She sat on the edge dangling her legs into the sky.  She needed some time to think.




Chapter 17

“I don’t think we should have left her on her own, Ogg” Perg was saying.   Not for the first time.  Ogg was a bit fed up of hearing it.   He had his reasons, why was he always expected to explain them?  He moved in mysterious ways, wasn’t it enough to know that?  But Perg was being insistent, and even Great Beings are susceptible to bit of short temper now and then.   Nobody is perfect.   
“We shouldn’t have left her to cope by herself.  She’s just a girl.  And she’s so young.”  Perg was in a nagging mood.
Ogg wondered why was he being so chauvinist and ageist at the same time?   It wasn’t a question of mindless political correctness.   It was just plain messy thinking on Perg’s part.   There was absolutely no logical reason why being a girl or being young should have any impact on Ant’s ability to handle whatever situation Perg’s imaginary world threw up.  It was another clear case of emotionalism triumphing over the power of reason, and Ogg was a bit pissed off that it was manifesting itself in one of his disciples.
“Why couldn’t we have kept her with us?” Perg bleated on.
“Stop worrying, I’m keeping an eye on her.  She’s all right.”
“Yes, well where is she?”
  “Oh, for goodness sake! Take a look!”
Antonia appeared upside down on the edge of her roof, her legs dangling up into the sky.
“Oh my god!  Get her down from there, Ogg!”
“Don’t panic.  She’s safe enough.”
“Until gravity changes direction again. Then she’ll tumble headfirst off that ceiling.  Right onto her head.”
“Be patient, she’ll work that out for herself in a minute.”
Perg could see from the furrowed brows and darting eyes that Antonia was indeed deep in thought.  But, unlike Ogg, he had no way of knowing whether she was deep in the right thoughts.  What she should do, of course, was go back into the building, find the fire escape and walk up it to the ground level.   Then she would have no distance to fall.  When she got up, walked back into the building, found the fire escape and climbed up to the top, which used to be the bottom, Perg breathed a sigh of relief. 
“Thanks Ogg!” 
“Don’t thank me.  I didn’t do anything.   Like I said, she worked it all out for herself.  You shouldn’t have been so impatient.”


Leaving Antonia safely sitting at the bottom of the fire escape, Ogg dragged a reluctant Peregrine off in the direction of the city.   
“I think we should stay and keep an eye on her,” Perg protested.  But Ogg had one hand in the small of his back and was propelling him past the sign which said ‘City Centre 15 kilometres’.   
“It’ll be a long walk,” Ogg complained.   
In the real world, he would just have whisked them instantaneously to their destination, but here in the virtual world his powers were useless.   It was, however, Peregrine’s virtual world, a world where all the powers normally reserved for Great Beings were firmly in his hands.  Peregrine didn’t really fancy a fifteen kilometre walk himself.   So Ogg found himself transported to a rather beautiful square in the Central European baroque style. 
“Wow! I wasn’t expecting that. I feel a bit dizzy,” he confided to Peregrine.
“Now you know how we feel when you do it to us,” Perg replied. 
“You know, Perg, if you have so much control over your virtual world, you should be able to watch over Ant and come exploring with me at the same time.” 
“Of course, I never thought of that.”  
Maybe that was the difference between ordinary beings and Great Ones like Ogg.   Ordinary beings have a tendency to miss the subtleties of the obvious.   
Ogg looked round at the cobbled squares and the stuccoed facades in their pastel paint.
“Nice architecture, Perg!   I have to admire your taste.’
“Yes, I’m rather proud of it.”
The idea suddenly came to him that perhaps certain ordinary beings, not all of course, could in some ways be superior to Great Beings.   Not only did he have all of Ogg’s exceptional powers in his own virtual universe, but he was totally responsible for its creation.
“Did you play any role at all in the creation of the real world?” he asked.   “And if you did, what exactly was it?”
“Great Philosophical Question, Perg!”
Peregrine sighed, knowing this was Ogg-speak for ‘I’m not going to tell you.’   Peregrine really believed in Ogg and he trusted him completely. But all the same, there was something shifty and ephemeral about him.   You could never get a straight answer from him, and sometimes Perg found himself wondering if, in fact, Ogg really actually knew no more than he did himself.   Maybe he and Antonia could figure it out between them later.   She seemed to have forgotten about his mad proffering of undying affection.  Perhaps they could still be good friends.
The square was swarming with purposeful activity.   The waiters and waitresses in the pavement cafes fetched and carried, wiped and cleared up, wrote orders and added up bills, took money and handed out change, always on the move.  The stall holders worked their queues, handing over snacks and souvenirs and throwing in warm welcomes and snatches of local history as added value.  The tourists listened attentively to their guides, consulted their maps, discussed their experiences over their beers and their coffees, hailed taxis, ordered and bought, ate and drank, asked and answered, moved this way and that, in a frenzy of relaxation.   The background brouhaha buzzed constantly in Perg’s ears.   Ogg stood motionless in the wave of movement, silent in the swirl of sound, taking everything in, his eyes darting from one promise of experience to another. 
“Where will we go?” he mused.  Museums, art galleries, shops, restaurants, cafes; all offered their wares to him.  His wide eyes jumped from one thing to the next, like a small child in a theme park.   Peregrine was struck by an endearing naivety that he had never noticed before in Ogg.        Great Beings sometimes seemed to be the exact opposite of what he expected.   Where he looked for faded familiarity with the things they must have seen a million times, he found instead an omnipresent wonderment of discovery.   Where he thought he would get deep and difficult perorations on weighty topics, he found himself listening to ideas expressed with illuminating simplicity and clarity.  And, the thing which really pissed him off, his hopes of lucid answers to life’s great questions were invariably answered by even more questions. 
“There’s a Tourist Information Office over there,” Peregrine pointed out.   It seemed to him the most logical place for first time visitors to go to, but Great Beings tend to prefer the unexpected.   
“No, let’s go there!” Ogg said, pointing to the most elegant building in the square, with its enormous heavy ornate doors and its discreet brass plaque engraved with the single word ‘Parliament’.   
“We should get a better quality of conversation here,” Ogg explained. Perg smiled.  It was his world, his parliament and his politicians, and he knew pretty well what Ogg was likely to hear.   But he wasn’t at all sure that even in the real world what tourist guides said was less useful than the pontificating of politicians.   
They went into the building.   There was the usual queue at the security barriers; people were filling in forms, being x-rayed and body searched.   Bona fide players of Perg’s games had to deal with these barriers the best way they could.  But Perg thought that subjecting Ogg to the hassle would serve no useful purpose and used his privileged position to whisk them directly into the debating hall.   His head spinning, Ogg shook it to restore his sense of balance.
“You don’t need to let being a virtual Great Being go to your head,” he chided, gently.
The debating hall was a perfect blend of traditional and high-tech.  Rows of green leather benches were arranged in tiers around three walls of the debating hall, and a tall edifice like a pulpit stood in front of the other wall.   Men and women in modern clothes were scattered lazily around the green benches, while the personage seated in the pulpit was dressed in a somewhat ridiculous kind of scarlet robe and what looked like a wizard’s pointed hat.   He was holding a kind of ornate wand which added less to the feeling of pomp and circumstance and more to the impression of the ludicrous.  There was little screen in front of each seating position on which the politicians could read their speeches, look up answers to awkward questions or, more frequently, play computer games.   One of them was standing, and stumbling awkwardly over the words he was trying to read from his personal monitor.      Of course, the words he was reading were generated by computer and not by him personally, as this was a virtual reality world, and the idea crossed Ogg’s mind that it might be better if real world politicians were controlled to the same extent.   
The speaking politician sank back silently into his seat without a murmur of recognition from any of his colleagues.   Heads stayed down in front of computer screens, yawns were ostentatiously stifled.  It seemed that something had come to an end but no one was sure what, or what was to happen next.  Then the wizard in the pulpit rose, stamped his wand on the ground three times, and said
“Pray silence for the right honourable Minster of Defence!”
Heads lifted and a murmur crept around the chamber.   A tall, grey haired and extremely well-dressed man rose very slowly to his feet, smiling and nodding all around him.   He kept smiling and nodding as crowds appeared from the background and filled up the rows and rows of benches, watching and waiting until everyone was seated, until every eye was turned towards him.  He leaned towards his screen, and everyone waited.  He looked at, it then he looked away.  He turned back to it, then turned away again.   Finally, he began to speak.    
“ Ladies and gentlemen, fellow representatives,” he began, his voice deep and gravely, his speech slow, confident and deliberate.   Ogg and Perg could see the women on the benches shiver with pleasure as they listened, while the men gazed in open-mouthed awe.
“We live in troubled times.  Ogg help us!”
Ogg flinched.   What the minister meant of course was ‘Ogg help me and to hell with the others’.  Do these people never learn from their own history? Well, not this time!   He wouldn’t be tempted, he would not.  Let them stew in their own juice!  What did they expect from him anyway? He was beginning to feel ill, something that should never happen to a Great Being. Then he remembered he wasn’t in the real world, but Perg’s virtual universe.   He noticed gratefully that his hands had stopped shaking, but he also noticed Perg looking at him out of the corner of his eye with the barest trace of a smile playing on his lips.
“Our interests are being threatened everywhere,” the speaker went on, “our very way of life is under fire.   Let us make no mistake, they are targeting our economy, our security, our jobs and our livelihood.”
How many times had Ogg  heard this?  The silvery voice of rich people getting ready to send their poorer compatriots in to defend their wealth!   Why does no one ever think of just saying ‘let’s share’?       
“The enemy is gathering to take advantage of any sign of weakness and indecision.   We must be strong.  We must determined.  We must be ready to do whatever is necessary.”
Preparing lambs for the slaughter!    Ogg was getting distinctly uncomfortable.   He willed the chamber not to listen.  
“We must act now, act with conviction, act with resolve.   Let those who would destroy us tremble!  Let those who would steal from our children’s mouths fear for their own offspring!   Let the evil ones feel their own evil thrust back on them!    And let them not be mistaken, we will not tolerate their aggression, we will act to defend ourselves!   We will not stand idly by and see our interests compromised.”
Ogg groaned inwardly.   However troubled the times were now, they would soon be much worse.   If only there was some way to shut this idiot up.   Ogg didn’t know how much more of this he could take.       
“We have to build our alliances. We have to know who our friends are, who our enemies are.  The good of the world have to unite against the evil.  Those who think like us will join us; the rest are our enemies.   Ask yourselves, are you with us, or are you against us?” 
Suddenly, all this got too much for Ogg.   He rose to his feet, screaming. 
“Don’t listen to him!  Don’t listen to him!  He’s talking nonsense!  I’ve never heard such illogical rubbish.   Don’t be fooled!....”
Ogg was still shouting as the security guards threw him back into the street.  He landed with a painful bump on the pavement and looked up so see Perg grinning at him.
“What do you find so funny?” Ogg asked.
“I’m really sorry, Ogg,” (in fact, he really wasn’t, and Ogg could tell this.   And it certainly wasn’t helping put him back in a good mood.   Great Beings are not supposed to be temperamental and emotional and Ogg was conscious of the fact he was letting the side down a bit, but he really couldn’t help himself.)
“I’m really sorry, Ogg,” Perg repeated, “but that’s the point of the game.” 
Ogg was beginning to regret agreeing to this visit to Perg’s virtual world.    He had been made to look like a fool, bad enough for any human but the ultimate degradation for a Great Being.  But what was worse is that he was deprived here of his usual powers, and it was causing him some concern.  For instance, he had no idea what Perg was thinking, and it put him at a big disadvantage. 
“What point?” Ogg snapped. 
“Well, you see, to solve the game you need to use clear correct logical thinking at every stage.  Now, I’m sure that this is a sentiment with which you heartily approve”            
Ogg had to nod, but he was getting suspicious.
“But for good players, at the highest level, who are almost perfect correct thinkers, this would be too easy, don’t you think?”
  Ogg wasn’t so sure abut this.  If someone thought perfectly, in the correct way, shouldn’t they be entitled to win whatever Perg’s silly game was?  Wasn’t this the point? 
“So the computer tries to throw them off their correct thinking.  It discovers what makes every player upset and then tests them.  If they can still think correctly when they are angry, then they will be OK.   But, as you found out, it is a hard thing to do, even for Great Beings”
“I don’t believe I was thinking incorrectly” 
“But you were angry”
“Justifiably angry!”
“No  doubt, but how effective was your intervention?   Did you succeed in changing anything?”
Ogg looked down at his shoes and, with his hands in his pockets, kicked up the dust at his feet.   Who would have thought a Great Being was capable of such sulking?   He supposed that was what friends were for, pointing out your mistakes, but it was hard to take.    He felt the need to justify himself, at least to himself.
“I don’t think I would have done such a thing in the real world, I’m not really myself in your virtual world.”
Ogg wasn’t enjoying this turn of events.   Of course he shouldn’t have let his feelings get the better of him, but in his view it was a dirty trick that Perg had played on him, and the best he could hope for was that he had tried the same sort of thing on Antonia.  Antonia didn’t have a good record of letting reason obliterate her natural emotions. And if Perg’s ‘game’ pushed her towards the edge, he, Ogg, would allow himself the privilege of enjoying the sight of Peregrine Pratt quaking in the fallout.    That would teach him!    
“I think we should go and see how Antonia’s getting on.   We’ve left her on her own long enough, don’t you think?”

Antonia was fortunately still sitting at the top of the stairs, which was actually the bottom as Perg’s world was currently in its upside down mode, when gravity suddenly changed direction, spilling Antonia onto the floor.  Her first reaction was surprise, then fear, and finally, when she realised what had happened and that she wasn’t physically damaged, anger took over.   So when she looked up from the floor and saw Ogg and Perg hovering over her, she fell into a blazing temper. 
“What are you playing at, Peregrine Pratt?  Are you trying to kill me?”      
“It’s just a game, Ant”
“Just a game?  You know, when you turned the world upside down I nearly fell right into the sky.  I could have ended up lost in space.”
“It wouldn’t have been that bad!” 
“How could it have been worse, you fool?   And what are you grinning at, Great Being?   I rely on you to protect me, and you let him bring me to his crazy world and put my life in danger,   I’m not going to forgive you, either of you, anytime soon.”           
“Maybe we should go back,” Ogg suggested, in a small voice.  “We’re not learning very much about the end of the world here anyway.”  
“I’ll second that!” Antonia said.   Perg clicked on the red cross on the top right hand corner of his miniature lap top screen and they found themselves back in Perg’s work room. 
“Thank goodness for that” Ogg said. “And I see you agree with me, he added, before Antonia could open her mouth. 
“Up to your usual tricks, I see,” she replied, coldly.
“Well, did that help us in any way?” Perg asked, hoping to divert Antonia from her seething rage.  It didn’t work.
“No use whatever as far as I could see,” she told him.  “Whisk me back home, Ogg, I’ve got homework to do.”
And suddenly Perg found himself alone, wondering when, or even if, his only two friends in the whole world would get round to forgiving him.




Chapter 18

It took Antonia two days before she could bring herself to speak to Perg.   She might have held out for longer, but Ogg had gone back into hiding and she couldn’t get the end of the world problem out of her mind.  In the absence of the Great Being himself, Perg was the only one she could talk to.  And maybe she had been a bit too hard on him anyway.  After all, she hadn’t suffered any permanent damage, and she had proved to herself that she could manage on her own well enough without Ogg and Perg to help her out.   She called him on his mobile and instructed him to meet her on the high street and bring his credit card. Oh, and he wasn’t to forget to wash his hair before he came out.
Perg turned up as directed, his long clean hair flouncing over his shoulders, and Antonia noticed with satisfaction that all of his spots had finally disappeared.   Only his clothes to fix and he would be presentable.   She took him into her favourite shop and chose some clean jeans and a decent t-shirt.   When the assistant put his old clothes in a bag and offered them to him, Antonia quickly told her to throw them in the bin.  At last he was looking presentable.    
The trouble was, she was now embarrassed about herself.  Her jeans weren’t too bad, but she was still wearing one of her mother’s extravagant floral curtain material creations as a top.  It was at this point that Perg unexpectedly came to her rescue. 
“Wouldn’t it be cool if we had matching T-shirts?   Let me get you one as a present, to make up for my bad behaviour in the virtual world.” 
Now here was something she had never expected from him, a really practical apology.   
“No, I couldn’t accept,” she began, but Perg fortunately insisted, so there she was in a new shop-bought modern T-shirt that she really liked.   The shop assistant held up her old floral top and pointed to the bin.  Antonia was on the point of saying no , but then she thought ‘What the hell’, and  even managed a cheeky wave of farewell as the detested garment disappeared into the rubbish bin. 
They went to MacDonald’s for coffees.  At first Antonia was inclined to hide in the back room, but then she caught a glimpse of them both in the mirror and this gave her the confidence to sit right in the window.  Who cares who saw them together?   They looked OK, both of them.   
“Nothing from Ogg at all?” she asked him.
“Not a peep.  He must be busy.”
“You know, I’m beginning to get a little less impressed by him.  Don’t get me wrong , he’s still a great Great Being, and a good friend, but in some ways he’s only human too.”      
“Yes, I’ve noticed that.  Quite a lot human, in fact.”
“Not that different from us, really.   He’s made a few mistakes lately.”
“He has, Ant.   Or at least it appears like that.   Of course, maybe we’re missing something.”
“Great beings know best, and all that stuff?  I’m not so sure any more.  I mean, we’ve been trained to do this correct thinking, haven’t we?” 
“By the expert.  No one thinks more correctly than Ogg.  He’s been training us well, but we still make mistakes.”      
“Yes, but so does he.  That’s the point I’m making.   Basically, is he any different from us?”
“Well...”
“And another thing, Perg.   Have you noticed the way he never answers any questions?” 
“Moving in mysterious ways?”
“That’s what he’d like you to believe, but have you thought that maybe he just doesn’t know.” 
“I suppose it’s possible.   But it seems kind of disloyal, talking about him like this.”
“No, I think it’s what he wants.   After all, if we have to think correctly, why shouldn’t we think correctly about him?”
“You’ve got a point, Ant.”
A voice interrupted them.   More a screech than a voice, really.   
“Toni, how are you?  Fancy seeing you here!” 
Antonia looked up and winced.  It was Trish.   All tight sweaters, make up and empty head. 
“I was just in town shopping for a little something for the disco tonight.  You’ll not be going?  Studying as usual, huh! ”
Trish gave Antonia a pitying smile, which Antonia returned.   She realised Trish  found it sad that Antonia spent most of her free time reading instead of going to discos, but she herself also found it sad that no amount of reading or studying could turn Trish into anything resembling an academic.
“Yeah, well, like, too bad,” Trish muttered.   Muttering was the only form of speech known to her.
She was gazing open-mouthed at Perg, obviously waiting for an introduction.  Antonia already knew she would be the hot topic for classroom gossips on Monday morning and she was damned if she was going fan the flames of their inquisitive little minds.  She said nothing.  Trish shifted her weight from one high heel to the other, but Ant’s partner appeared not to notice.  She tried pushing out her breasts a bit and flashing her eyelashes, but whoever he was seemed only to have eyes for Ant.   Not to worry!   There were a lot of words that Trish had never learned and subtlety was one of them.  
“Nice T-shirts you guys have got.  A matching pair, huh! Cool!”
Antonia looked at her T shirt and then at Perg’s.  
“Yes indeed.  So they are.   Isn’t that a coincidence?”
“Oh, yeah!  Right!” 
Trish tried smiling at Perg who did look back, but it seemed that he was waiting for permission from Ant before opening his mouth.
“I’m Trish,” she tried, directly to him.   He smiled briefly by way of response and turned desperately to Antonia.  
“Trish, is that your make up that’s a bit smudged?” Antonia asked. 
“What?  Oh no!  Look, gotta go.  See you Monday.” 
“Enjoy the disco, Trish!”
  They both watched as Trish tottered out of the restaurant. 
“Pretty girl, don’t you think?   She’s the class beauty, you know.”
What was Perg supposed to say to that?  Of course, he couldn’t agree, that was obvious.   He could try ‘not as pretty as you’ but it would only have sounded trite.   Although Perg didn’t know much about girls he knew that even the stupid ones could set the most insidious of traps for any poor male, and the smart ones had to be treated with the care normally reserved for live dynamite. 
“She sounded a bit dizzy to me,” he replied, and by pure accident he had hit on just exactly the right thing to say to Antonia.
“Let’s forget about her,” she said, satisfied.   “Let’s talk about Ogg!”
“O.K.”
“I think we both agree now that maybe Ogg just isn’t infallible after all.”
“It’s a possibility, certainly.”
“And so he could just possibly be wrong about the end of the world.”
“Just possibly.”
“And there’s another thing! He has visited the future in the past, so how can it not exist?   Can you visit something that doesn’t exist?  It’s not logical.   Surely, if Ogg was thinking really correctly, he would see that.”
“Well, maybe, but the logic of time travel is very complicated.   I’m not sure even Einstein could have understood it properly.”
“Humpph!”  This suggestion seemed to smack of the ‘you’re still young - you’ll know better when you’re older and wiser’ syndrome.   She narrowed her eyes and stared at Perg, who wondered what he had said now. 
“I’m certainly not sure I understand it myself, Ant.”     
Antonia was considering whether Perg had given her sufficient justification for a quarrel when Ogg suddenly appeared beside them.
“What are you two talking about,” he asked.  
They immediately blushed, both of them.   Of course, no point in trying to hide it.  Ogg had asked the question, and their minds automatically turned to the answer.   Of course he read those thoughts right away. Of course they knew he had done it.  And, of course he would be upset by their lack of faith, but what could they do?   It might be wonderful to be a Great Being and read minds, but don’t do it unless you have a thick skin. 
“You think I might have a mistake?”  Ogg asked.
“We were just considering the possibility, weren’t we Perg?”
“What can we know with certainty?” Ogg asked. 
“Great Philosophical Question?” Ant and Perg said together.
Ogg smiled at them.
“Ant, I think what Ogg wants to say is that, in the absence of certainty, we have to make do with probability.”
“So, while it is possible that Ogg is mistaken, we shouldn’t bet the future of mankind on it?  Is that what you’re trying to tell me?”
“Exactly!”   Ogg smiled at her. 
“Nevertheless, it leaves us room for hope, don’t you think?”
“It does, Ant, but not too much hope.  And certainly not enough hope for us just to sit about and wait for something to turn up.” 
“I wasn’t suggesting that.   I was just...”
“Just what?”            
Antonia was silent for a long time.   Perg just looked at her, totally clueless, but he wasn’t a Great Being.   But even Ogg was struggling to know what was going on in her head.   There was something about probability, and images of her great grandfather, and there was even a flash of the hippie J.T. Wishbone whom they had met in the desert.  But nothing was connected to anything else, and mostly there was just blackness.   And when eventually she opened her mouth, it wasn’t so much to speak as to explode.             
“I don’t know!   I just don’t want the world to end.   And we’re getting nowhere!  All this is really worrying, especially with my A levels coming up.   And you with all this correct thinking!  It’s like having someone holding a knife at your throat and asking you to solve a mathematical puzzle.   Our minds don’t just work like a computer, you know?    Even you have feelings Ogg, don’t pretend you don’t!   OK, maybe when we get emotionally involved, when something affects us inside, maybe that’s when we screw up.  But if thinking like a computer all the time is the right thing, why are there any people at all?   There’s a Great Philosophical Question for you to chew over, Ogg!   And maybe it’s one you should try to answer, for a change.  AFTER you solve the end of the world problem!”
Antonia was sobbing softly.  Ogg said nothing.  Perg had his arms around her shoulder and was whispering “It’ll be all right, Ant, it’ll be all right.”    But Antonia was far from sure that it would be.




Chapter 19

Antonia woke up the next morning a far from happy person.  Not quite as unhappy as she had been the night before.   Emotions are thankfully transient, while logic is forever.  So thankfully she had stopped sobbing, but still there was something that had changed in her.  She lay in bed and struggled to put what it was into words inside her head.   She realised that what had changed was her attitude to Ogg’s end of the world.   Before, she didn’t really believe it was true.    No that wasn’t right, she believed it wasn’t really true.  No, not that either!  She struggled to be precise.   She thought that it probably wasn’t true.  That’s it!  And all the correct thinking and travel through time and space had really just been an adventure.   She had looked on it as an entertainment that Ogg had put together for her enjoyment, or as a teaching tool to help her get to grips with the problems and ideas of the real world.    Now she saw how wrong she had probably been.  She had been persuaded by Ogg and Perg’s arguments in MacDonald’s.   Now although she didn’t actually know that the world would end soon, she thought that it probably would.  Of course, she couldn’t really be sure, and that was some consolation, but even when you sort out the logic and think correctly, what is not impossible could be probable, and the weight of probability hangs heavily on your shoulders.   Yesterday morning, she probably was going to have a future, and this morning she probably wasn’t.   And OK, she knew nothing more this morning than she knew yesterday morning, so nothing really had changed, but try telling that to her stomach.   She felt sick, sad and depressed and no matter that it was all down to no more than the flow of ideas in her head, it was real to her.   She had often read that ideas were powerful, but now she was experiencing it for the first time. 
It seemed to Antonia that the thing about not having a future was that it made your life seem a little bit pointless.   Like everyone else who devotes a goodly proportion of their spare time to thinking, Antonia’s thoughts had the habit of drifting towards wondering why she existed.  What was the purpose of her life?   Or even, was there one?  It wasn’t a question she could answer, but this in itself wasn’t unexpected or worrying.   The thing is, she was young and if she was meant to do something significant in her life, she had plenty of time.  Or rather, she had had plenty of time.   For, if Ogg was right about the end of the world, there was no time left for her contribution, if there was to be one.  In other words, she was useless.   And this in a girl who had been assured so often by so many people that she showed signs of great promise.   If there was anything more depressing than knowing your whole life was for nothing, Antonia couldn’t think what it could be.   She needed to talk to someone.  She had some questions and she had to have some answers.  No point in talking to Ogg, then.  She dialled Perg and arranged to meet him in MacDonalds at lunch time.
How she made it through the school morning she had no idea.   She couldn’t concentrate on any of the lessons.  Several teachers asked her if she was ill and she just smiled and shook her head. 
When she got to the restaurant, Perg hadn’t yet arrived.  She bought herself a diet coke without really thinking and sat down to wait.   Did some of her classmates say hello to her as they passed to their table, she wasn’t sure?    Perg strolled in a few minutes after her.   She rose to meet him and kissed him absent-mindedly.   She didn’t even hear the little whistle of surprise from the table in the corner where Trish and some others from her class were sitting.       
“Perg, I’m feeling really low.  Do you honestly feel that Ogg is right about the future?  That it is in danger?”              
“I don’t know, of course.  But if you look at things logically, you have to admit it’s possible.”
“Let’s leave looking at things logically to the side for a few minutes.  Where does Ogg’s correct thinking ever get us?  We end up going round in circles and we never make any progress.   I’m asking how you feel about it. ”
“Well, when I look at the evidence, it seems pretty clear that that Ogg’s suggestion that the world is going to end is totally consistent with all the facts.  So it has to be a possibility.”
“Yes, but there are other possible explanations, aren’t there?”
“Well, yes, of course.” 
“So, I am asking you if you feel Ogg’s is the right one.   I mean, you do have feelings?”
“Well, yes, but I mean, how am I to tell which explanation is the right one from all the explanations which fit the facts?”
“Oh, really, Perg, what’s wrong with you?  Don’t you have any intuition?”
“No, I don’t think so.   I mean, I had an intuition about the aliens, and see where that got me.  I’ve learned my lesson.  I know what I know, which is that I don’t know.    What more can I say?”
Antonia sighed.   In a sense, he was right.   If several theories could explain the situation, and these theories were mutually exclusive, then only one was right.   But which one?  There was no rational way of telling.   But on the other hand she herself had this all-consuming feeling that Ogg’s theory was right, that the world was coming to an end and that her very existence was pointless.  And the terrible thing was that that feeling was so real to her, and that, logical or not, she just couldn’t ignore it.  So what she was asking herself was this.  Was she the only one to have this feeling?   If Perg didn’t have it, then maybe it was a mistaken feeling.   It seemed to her a kind of coward’s way out, but if others didn’t feel the same as her, then her feelings were brought into question and maybe they would change.  At least she hoped they would, because there seemed to be nothing else she could do to shake of this sense of hopelessness that was engulfing her.   So it was important to get Perg to express how he felt abut the whole situation.  
“Perg, given that there isn’t going to be a world this time next year, aren’t you just a little bit worried?”
“We don’t know for certain that Ogg’s end of the world theory is correct.”
“Oh for goodness sake, Perg!   Last night you and Ogg both agreed that it was not just possible, but likely to be true.   So, you have to be scared about it, right?”
“Well....”
“I mean, you are telling me that the end of the world is more likely to happen than not, aren’t you?”
“Yes, that’s true.”
“I mean, wouldn’t the end of the world upset you, even just a little.   For example, what’s the point of us being here at all, if it’s all going to come to nothing, not just for you or me, but for everyone.” 
“Ant, you’ve got a point.   I can’t find fault with your logic. But...”
“But what?”
“I can’t honestly say I’m really worried, or depressed about it.  I feel quite good, actually.”                       
“Don’t you have any feelings then?”
“Of course I do.  For example, you know how I feel about you.”
“Yes, well let’s not go into that right now.   I need you to explain to me, as simply as you can, how you can think that the world might be about to end and yet feel quite good actually.” 
“It doesn’t make sense, does it?” 
“Not to me, Perg.”
“Well. I suppose that I just hope the world won’t end, even in the face of the evidence.”
“Blind optimism?”
“If you like.”
“But you think Ogg is right about the end of the world, most probably?  So how can you be optimistic?”
“I suppose I’m relying on Ogg to get us out of this mess, with or without our help.  I mean, he is a Great Being.”
“But not infallible, not all-powerful.  Didn’t we agree that?”
“Yes we did, but I’m just hoping he’s powerful enough.” 
“Perg, you’re not being logical.   Look at the facts!  Ogg has been bustling around everywhere and everytime on this for ages, and he’s no further forward.   So what gives you the idea that he’s going to save us in the end?”
“It’s another of those things we can’t tell either way.  He might save the world, he might not.   It seems that my mind has decided he is going to save us, but I don’t know why.”
“So you’re really not that worried then?”
“No, I’m not.”
Antonia was puzzled.  There they were, the two of them, herself and Perg, with the same information, using the same logical thinking processes and even with the same Great Being to help them, yet they were reacting in completely different ways.   She didn’t think she was more of a pessimist than he was.   Maybe her black mood wasn’t justified.   
What was really upsetting her was that she had been counting on Perg being optimistic and it rubbing rub off on her.  But it hadn’t.   Logically, she understood that Perg didn’t share her negative feelings, and therefore it was likely that she was over-reacting.  So the reasonable, rational thing to do was to accept she had been wrong, snap out of this depression and get on with helping Ogg save the world.   So why couldn’t she?  It seemed that she was emotionally stuck with superglue.  She needed to do something
“Look, Perg, it’s a nice day,” she said.  “Why don’t we get a couple of burgers to carry out and go sit in the park?”
Perg jumped up at once and went to the counter.   Antonia just sat there.   She couldn’t even sum up the energy to go over and tell him what she wanted.  What difference did it make if she ate a single hamburger, a double cheeseburger or a fish sandwich?   And, given the impending end of the world, could there be much harm in drinking full-blooded cola instead of her usual diet variety?   She went over the logic in her mind again and again.  This is stupid, she kept telling herself.  Why am I letting this get to me?   Why can’t I sum up some hope, like Perg is doing? 
“Are you coming, then?” 
Perg interrupted her thoughts with a cheery smile.   She got up slowly with her shoulders and the corners of her mouth still down.   They walked in silence to the park behind the railway.  
“If the world ends now,” Antonia began, “what’s the point of any of this?”
“Ant, think about this.  If the world doesn’t end now, what’s the point anyway?”   They sat down on a bench and Perg handed her her lunch.   Antonia bit into the burger and chewed.   Her mind and her mouth were turning things over at the same rate.   OK, so Perg has thrown her another GPQ, but, GPQ or not, she needed some kind of answer all the same.   Not an answer that was necessarily right, if there could be such a thing.   But an answer to help her throw off her depression, an answer that her brain could get round, an answer that would snap something inside her into place and get her thought processes working again.   
“Where is Ogg, anyway?” she suddenly said.  “I mean, here we are, getting all our ideas completely confused, with neither of us thinking in the right way, and no sign of the Great Being.  Yet he’s always there when your thoughts get a bit out of kilter.  So where is he now?” 
“Two possible explanations!   Firstly, he is really tied up saving the world just at the moment, or, secondly, you know how he moves in mysterious ways.”
“Yes, well, whatever, it looks like I’ll just have to work this out on my own.” 
“Ant, if you think about it, you’ll realise you always had to work it out on your own, even when Ogg was there.”
Perg was right.  And just knowing that made her feel a little better.   She took her end of the world problem and looked at it from different angles. What was the difference between a world that went on for ever and one that ended quite soon?   
Her studies in science told her that the world would come to an end anyway, the sun would eventually burn out and even long before that the conditions for life on Earth would no longer exist. So it wasn’t a question of the world ending or not ending, but of the world ending sooner rather than later.   And, apart from the fact that the former situation was more likely to affect her personally, there didn’t seem to Antonia to be much different between these two possibilities.   So, if we believe the scientists, no hope then anyway,   But even Ogg wasn’t always right, so why accept that scientists knew everything and were always correct.   Anyway, the question wasn’t about the inevitability of the end of the world, which was a GPQ and so by definition had no answer.  The question was : assuming the world doesn’t end, what’s the point of life?   Well, Antonia supposed that her purpose, biologically speaking, was to procreate, so that her raison d’etre was the continuing existence of the human species.   Was that a sufficient and satisfying reason in itself, or should she go on and ask why the existence of the human species needed to be continued?   Antonia didn’t know, but she suspected she was being dragged down a path to which there was no end.   But she did know that the idea of the continuing existence of the human species made her feel better than the idea of its disappearance.   In fact, it was the only thing that had made her feel better in a while.   So feeling the way she did, it seemed a good point to stop the incessant why questions and, right thinking or not, she was going to take this idea at its face value.
“The point of living is the continuing existence of the human species, Perg.   And don’t even ask why that’s important.”
Perg continued munching his burger and said nothing.   Antonia too carried on eating and thinking.   It seemed to her that thing to do was to put all her efforts into actually doing something to solve the problem.   After all, she could never really know the answers to these ‘why’ questions.   You answer one, and another one jumps up begging to be answered.   And you could never be sure that any answer to any question was the right one.   Anyway, weren’t your actions more important than your thoughts?   Wasn’t it more important to decide whether what you were doing was a good thing or a bad thing?   And saving the world couldn’t be a bad thing, could it?   Of course it couldn’t.  Antonia couldn’t think of any way in which saving the future could be harmful to anybody, or, at least, could be more harmful than letting it disappear.   So it was something that had to be done. In fact, maybe saving the future was the most important thing there could be.   Because everything else depended on it, didn’t it?  No future, no anything!  It was that simple.  It was so clear what she had to do, she didn’t know why she hadn’t seen it before.  It was an entirely different Antonia who was speaking to Perg now.             
“Saving the future has to be our top priority, Perg,” she told, or rather instructed, him.   I think we’re agreed about that.”
Perg nodded.
“But”, she went on, “ It just isn’t good enough to rely totally on Ogg.   Even he has his weaknesses.  We need to get on with it ourselves.” 
“Are you suggesting that maybe just we ourselves could be more powerful than Ogg?”
“That’s another GPQ, and we just don’t have time for it just now.  Time for action! What I am saying is that when it comes to actually doing something, we have just been too passive up to now.  Going where Ogg takes us, chasing after his notions and ideas.” 
“Yes, but we need Ogg.  How else can we travel back and forward in time?”
“I’m not saying we don’t need to Ogg to help us, but he doesn’t have to be in control all the time.   Because maybe it will be you or I who finds whatever it takes to solve this problem.”
“Have you got some plan then Ant?”
“No. not yet, but I will have.   I’m not going to let this thing get the better of me.  I need to get back to school now, so let’s both think about it and see                 what we can come up with.”




Chapter 20

It was Sunday morning and Antonia was having a lazy lie-in.   Laziness manifests itself in different ways in different people, and Antonia’s version of it meant avoiding only physical activity.  So while her body rested, her mind was buzzing away at its usual speed and there was nothing she could do about it.   She had a problem to solve and Ogg was still apparently in hiding so she would have to do it herself.   Unfortunately, extensive mental activity does not necessarily mean effective mental activity.   Her mind was going round in circles, continually asking itself what it could do to save the world, then shooting off down blind allies which led her back again and again to the same question.   She realised it was totally unproductive to keep asking yourself how to save the world without finding the glimmer of the answer, and her thinking seemed to be totally out of her control.   If only she could switch it off for a while and give herself a rest.   She was sure something would come to her if she could just approach it with a fresh mind.   She tried to think of other things, but every new thought was firmly pushed out by the same question – how can I save the world?   The whole thing had taken her over.
Then her mobile phone rang.  It was Perg. 
“What are you up to today?” he asked.
“The same as you should be, trying to save the world.  Not with much success.  What about you, any ideas?”
“Ant, I’ve been thinking about it since we last met, but nothing’s coming through.”
“I know what you mean.  I’m the same.”
“I think we need to take a break and go back to it later.”
“I’ve tried that, but I can’t get it out of my mind, even for a minute.”
“I wanted to ask you to come out with me today, Ant.”
It didn’t seem a bad idea to her.   She wasn’t too hopeful it would help them: she was now convinced that it would take something pretty dramatic to drive the end of the world problem out of their minds and give them a brief respite.  But lying in bed with her brain whizzing round wasn’t proving any use, so why not? 
“Where are you thinking of going?” she asked.
“I thought we could drive down to my parents for Sunday lunch.”
Drive down to his parents for Sunday lunch!   She had never met his parents.  Why should she go there for lunch?  What was he up to? 
“Perg, I don’t know your parents.  They don’t know me.  Why would I go for lunch with them?”
“Well, they don’t actually know you, but I have mentioned you in passing when I was talking to them.”
“You mentioned me in passing and they want me to come for Sunday lunch?”
“Yes.”    Was there a trace of guilt in the Perg voice?
“What exactly did you tell them about me?”
“I said we were friends.”
“Just friends?”
“Yes, of course!  You see, I’m not good with people, Ant, and I really don’t have any other friends – just you and Ogg.   So, when I told them that I had a new friend, they kind of insisted that they meet you.”
“They don’t want to meet Ogg?”  
“I can’t tell them about Ogg.  I mean, have you told your parents about him?” 
Of course she hadn’t.   All the same, she had a bad feeling abut this.  If she turned up at the Pratts with Perg, what exactly were they going to think?  And what were her parents going to say when she told them she was going for Sunday lunch to the parents of a boy they had never met.   Well, her mum had met him, but she thought he was the big brother of one of her classmates.         
“I don’t think this is a good idea, Perg!”
“Oh, you don’t?” a disappointed voice replied.
“The only good thing about this idea is that it’s so bad that it’s taken my mind off the end of the world for a few minutes.”
“Well, that’s something.” The disappointed voice seemed marginally more hopeful.
There was a silence.   Perg had crossed his fingers and was wishing Antonia to say yes.   Ant was wondering how she could say no without being too hurtful.   She knew she should just say it straight out, ‘no way am I going to your parents’, and she hated herself for being so weak, but while she could think the words she just didn’t seem able to voice them.   
“Ant, please come.  If you don’t, my Mum will be so disappointed.   She can hardly believe that I’m seeing someone...”  
“You’re not seeing me.   We’re friends – no, not even that – colleagues thrown together by traumatic circumstances.”
“...and if you don’t come my Dad will be so smug.   It will just confirm what he thinks of me, that I’m a total loser.”          
Perg certainly knew how to make it hard for her.  How could she say ‘no’ now?   She would be a monster.   
“Where exactly do your parents live?” she asked.   
“Henley-on-Thames!”
“How are we going to get to Henley-on-Thames?”
“I’ll pick you up in my car.”
“You’ve got a car?”
“Yes, I don’t use it much.   My accountant said I had to buy it for the business, for tax purposes.”
“OK, I’ll come.  But we’re not seeing each other, right?”
“No, of course not. OK. Pick you up in an hour.”   
She heard him hang up quickly, as if he was afraid she would change her mind.   Now she had the problem of telling her parents.   Should she lie or just tell them the truth?   What is truth anyway?   That was one useful practical thing Ogg had helped her with.   She didn’t have to lie.   Just present the facts:  how her Mum and Dad interpreted them was their problem.  She got up and called downstairs.
“Mum, don’t make any lunch for me.  I’m going out with a friend and we’ll have something to eat.”
“OK, dear! Another of your school projects, I suppose,” her mother’s voice wafted up the stairs. 
Antonia thought for a moment about whether she had a moral obligation to answer that, then decided she didn’t.
An hour later she was ready, sitting in the family living room, waiting. Her mother was sewing.  Her father was reading the Sunday paper, but it somehow didn’t seem to have his whole attention.  She noticed him peeping over it from time, looking at her.   He didn’t say anything, but it was making her feel a bit guilty.   She had the distinct feeling that he had the look of someone who knew.  She hadn’t been dishonest with them, what she had said was perfectly true.   No reason for her to feel guilty.  And there was her Dad again, peering over the top of his paper, with that look.   Still, he wouldn’t say anything.  She knew her Dad, a man of an assiduous non-confrontational nature.   He would keep mum with Mum, anything for a quiet life.   Safe!  
She nearly fell off her seat when he spoke.                   
“Oh, that’s strange,” he said, “someone’s just drawn up outside our house in a big red Ferarri.”
‘It can’t be him’, she thought, and looked out of the window.  It was him!
“Whoops, got to go, I’m late already,” she gulped, and fled out the front door.   Without stopping or looking around, she strode past Perg in his Ferarri and walked up the street until she was certain that she was well out of the line of sight of her front window.   From this safe position she gestured to Perg that he should bring the car up to meet her, which he did.
She got in, saying “Don’t think hiring a fancy car like this for the day impresses me, Perg!  An old grey Ford would have been more appropriate.   I really don’t want the whole world looking at me!”
“I’m sorry, but it really is my own car.   I don’t really understand why, but my accountant says it was the most tax advantageous choice’
“What are you, a millionaire?”
“I get quite a lot of money in royalties for my work.”
 The end of the world problem was certainly getting pushed to the back of Antonia’s mind.   They were going to have to drive right along the high street.  In a car which was very red, very open and, above all, noticeable.  She knew what would be said if any of her classmates saw her, and, even worse, she knew what would be thought.  ‘Gold digger’.   Girls are so bitchy, especially when they’re a bit jealous of you always being first in the class.  She could tell herself she didn’t care what they thought, but she knew she couldn’t really make herself believe it.   Ogg might be able to help her think correctly, but what help was he with her emotional weaknesses?   Why hadn’t she just said no to Perg that morning?  And why was she letting her stomach turn at the thought of a few stupid teenage girls whispering behind her back?   And the unavoidable end result of all this turmoil was that she was going to be extremely short with Perg, who really didn’t deserve it.  ‘Still’, she thought, looking at Perg and thinking of her Dad, ‘that’s what men are for, aren’t they?’
     “Let’s just get out of here quickly before anyone sees us,” she told him.
She thought they had got away with it.   A lot of heads had turned as they passed, but, as far as she could tell, no-one she knew had been in the street when they drove through it.    She should have made him put up the hood, just to be sure, but she could do that on the way back.    Anyway they were now on the motorway, and Ant was pleased to note that, even if it was a Ferrari, Perg seemed perfectly contented to drive it as if it were a Ford.   She was in a comfortable car being driven at a comfortable speed.   She tried to relax.  She was a bit nervous about meeting Perg’s parents, but she supposed they would be a bit like him.   And he was entirely manageable.
    They drove straight through Henley-on-Thames and into the countryside.   Perg turned off the road, in front of some iron gates.  He reached into his glove compartment, extricated a little black thingy and pointed it over the windscreen, opening the gates.   She couldn’t see a house, just a drive winding through an orchard and turning left behind the trees.   Who were these people?  Did they have servants?  Why did they live in a setting for an Agatha Christie murder misery?   Were her t-shirt and jeans the right things to wear?   Why had she come?




Chapter 21

The house sprang out in front of them as soon as they turned the bend at the end of the orchard.  Thankfully, it wasn’t a mansion, just a rather nice country cottage of comfortable dimensions.   Mrs Pratt was coming out of the door as they drew up. She was a tall stick of a woman, with out-of-control grey hair and the same emaciated scarecrow look as her son.   She was at the car door as they stopped beside an ancient  red Volvo estate parked in a corner of the drive.
“You must be Ant, my dear!  Nice to meet you! Do come in!”
Antonia found herself sitting in the kitchen drinking home-made lemonade.   She had no recollection of the journey from the car to the table.   It was almost as if Ogg had whisked her there, but there was no Ogg.   Perg’s mother must have somehow spirited her out of the car, through the door, sat her down and pushed the glass into her hand.   It was an innocuous thing to do really, and Mrs Pratt seemed a very nice lady, but Antonia felt uneasy.   She was used to being in control of at least herself, and she had this sensation of having been led into this kitchen whether she had wanted to or not.  Not that she hadn’t wanted to, but that wasn’t the point.  It had given her the same helpless feeling that she got when Ogg dived into her thoughts and helped himself without asking.   But she could tell Ogg off when he did it; what could she say to this gentle, friendly helpful lady who was offering her nothing but kindness?    Perg’s mum had done her no harm: she had made her comfortable, cosseted her even, yet it was as if her free will had been stolen from her.   She looked over at Perg, sitting opposite her with his own glass of lemonade, and wondered if he felt the same.   Was this he reason he had left home to live in London?     
Mrs Pratt, probably deciding she had catered adequately for her guest by shoving a glass of lemonade in her hand, was talking to her son.  It was nothing exciting, the usual motherly questions – ‘was he eating?’ ‘did he get enough sleep at nights?’ ‘he wasn’t forgetting to brush his teeth and wash behind his ears, was he?’ sort of thing.   Yet she couldn’t help notice that Perg was assuring her that he was in no imminent danger with consideration, warmth and patience, although he must have been asked the same questions every time he visited.   She was reminded of her Dad and her Mum.  Her Mum also had Mrs Pratt’s tendency to overwhelm with kindness, and that same vulnerability that you made you afraid to hurt her by refusing even her hints.    That was why her Dad always seemed so hen-pecked, and why she ended up wearing home-made clothes she hated.  Both Perg and her father seemed to be able to bear this benign oppression with equanimity.   She herself might eventually have to run away from it, but she felt sure that Perg hadn’t left home to escape an overbearing mum.   There must be some other reason.
Mum Pratt finished her interrogation of her son with a resigned ‘I don’t know why you couldn’t have stayed here with us.’   Perg didn’t answer, and Antonia could see that he wasn’t expected to.   She supposed her statement had had some meaning at first, but it had been worn out by being dragged out too often, almost certainly every time her son came back.  
Mrs Pratt clapped her hands and smiled at both of them.   
“Well, it’s a nice day, I have the dinner to finish, and Dad’s in his study finishing off an article.   So why don’t you two go and have a seat in the garden.  I’m sure you’ve got lots to talk about!”
Antonia’s offer to help with the cooking was politely declined and she was whisked into the garden the same way she had been whisked into the house. 
“Is your Dad a journalist?” she asked, when Mrs Pratt had gone back into the house.
“No, he’s a theoretical elementary particle physicist, if you know what that is?”
“Of course I know what it is.   They search for the meaning of life using Maths that no one else can understand.   Every so often one of them thinks he has found it.  But the problem with every new meaning is that, sooner or later, another new meaning is needed to explain it. ”
“You seem to know a lot about it?” Perg asked.
“I looked them up on Wikipedia.  I thought maybe they could shed some light on the end of the world.   Didn’t find your Dad there, though!”
“He’s still trying to make his big discovery.   His ambition is to have some unknown part of a part of a part of an atom named after him.   It doesn’t seem like a big ambition to me, I don’t know why he’s always so tetchy about it.   He teaches all week at the university, then comes home and spends all his weekend in his study playing with equations and nurturing his ulcer.”
“How does your Mum feel about it?”
“She doesn’t understand what he does.  I don’t understand what he does.   And that makes his ulcer worse.”
“Hmmm!” Antonia murmured.   She wondered where Ogg was.    She hadn’t found out much that was useful from her internet research on theoretical physicists.   She supposed that Great Scientific Questions were no more than a special kind of Great Philosophical Questions, with the exception that maybe scientists had found some answers to their questions.    But, as far she could tell, their answers, when you looked at them closely, were also no more than elegantly disguised further questions.   Still, she had never had a live theoretical physicist in her hands before and now she was about to have lunch with one.   Maybe something would come out in the table banter that would throw a light on everything.   It was at least a good a bet as hanging around in the desert waiting for aliens to turn up, or wandering hopefully around in Perg’s computer games.   Ogg should have been there to sit on her shoulder and prompt her with the right questions when needed, so where was he?   Never there when you need him!          
“Lunch is ready!”
Perg’s Mum bustled out into the garden and hustled them back into the dining room.   The theoretical physicist was sitting at the table already, looking like a theoretical physicist.   Grey slacks, open-necked blue shirt, white hair flowing over his collar, his eyes constantly darting left and right without focussing on anything.  A man still doing sums in his head.   
“Dad, this is Ant!”
Antonia waited until his eyes focussed.  It took him a few seconds, the time for a couple of ‘if and only if’s or ‘ implies and is implied by’s.   
“Nice to meet you, Mr Pratt!”
“Professor Pratt!”
“Oh, sorry!  I didn’t know.  Perg forgot to say.”     
Perg’s Professor Pa emitted a long loud sigh.  
“Yes, well.  I’m afraid Peregrine isn’t so interested in his father’s work.  Such a pity!  You know, he could have been a good physicist, almost as good as me.   It wasn’t as if he was bad at school, but no, no finishing university for him.   Too fond of spending hours in front of that computer, playing games, not a serious thought in his head!   What kind of contribution is he going to make to the world?  I ask you!”
It seemed to Antonia that a successful computer game would bring more enjoyment and benefit more people than the discovery of another sub-microscopic ingredient of a photon, but she judged that it wasn’t the right thing to say just at the moment.  Mr Pratt’s eyes were wandering back and forth at even greater speed than before, and her proffered hand was dangling unwanted in front of her.   So instead of speaking she waved it around, and tried to think of something she could say that wouldn’t set the tetchy professor off again. 
“We’ve got a really good physics teacher at school,” she offered, nonchalantly.  “He can really make the subject interesting, you know.”
“Perhaps you’re considering studying it at university, then,” the professor said in a tone that signified that to study anything else was the work of a wastrel.   
Antonia’s face fell.  Could she lie?   Hadn’t Ogg shown her that truth was a spurious thing anyway?  At least she could have chosen some vague uncontroversial platitude, but, to be honest, the words just came out before she could stop them.  
“I was thinking of philosophy, actually”
She caught the professor midway into swallowing a spoonful of soup, most of which he regurgitated back into the bowl.  
“Philosophy!”   Then again, more loudly and an octave higher, “Philosophy!”
Antonia was tempted to defend her choice, but this time she managed to swallow her words.   The prof was visibly distressed, and she wondered whether maybe he had had a bad philosophical experience in his youth – perhaps his first love had thrown him over for the works of Marx and Hegel.    It had to be something like that, she could see he was behaving in an extremely emotional way for a man of science.   Normal people don’t splash the bottom of their spoon into the soup and mutter ‘philosophy, bloody philosophy’ over and over.  Mind you, neither Perg nor Mrs Pratt seemed to be taking a blind bit of notice.  Embarrassed, probably.   
“Come on dear, eat up your soup!” Mrs Pratt whispered, with an encouraging rub on her husband’s shoulder.
“Charlatans!  That’s what they are, Marjorie, charlatans!  Plato, Kant, Descartes –the lot of them!  And they’ve seduced that poor girl already, with their woolly notions and imprecise thinking.”
“Yes dear,” Mrs Pratt was saying, “but just finish your soup.  The joint’ll get cold.” 
Antonia found cold Sunday roast as unpalatable as anyone, but the professor obviously had something interesting to say, something she felt that Ogg would want her to hear, and sometimes sacrifices had to be made for the sake of knowledge.  So she stirred Professor Pratt’s pot again.
“What exactly do you mean by ‘imprecise thinking’?”  
“All their theories and notions, utter claptrap!  No logical or experimental basis whatsoever!   All pure fantasy!  All complete rubbish!   Coming up with all sorts of weird ideas with absolutely no vestige of proof”
Antonia wasn’t sure she saw the logical or experimental basis on what he had just said, so she thought she might ask about it.   
“Can I have a question?” she said.
The professor screwed up his face and squinted at her, as if he was amazed she hadn’t understood his meaning exactly.   As far as he was concerned, he had been perfectly clear.   He was constantly being surprised by how frequently his perfectly logical explanations were met with puzzlement.   Of course, as a genius he could hardly expect to be communicating very often with an intellectual equal.  Well, almost never, in fact.   Still, it was amazing that the vast majority of people, and among them all his colleagues, seemed unable to grasp what he saw as the obvious, or to follow what he considered to be relatively straightforward steps in the logical progress of his arguments.
“So you don’t agree with me,” he growled at her.  
There was a scream.  Both the professor and Antonia turned from each other’s faces and looked round.  Perg had pushed his chair back and was standing at the table,  
“Stop it! Stop it, Dad!  Why are you picking on her?  She’s only asking a question.”
The professor tried to answer but Perg had only stopped to inhale just enough air to keep the momentum and the volume going.    
“You’ll never change, will you?  You always have to be right, everyone always has to think like you.  Why do I come back here? It’s the same every time.  Pushing your opinions down everyone’s throat, refusing to listen to anyone else, making us all dance to your tune!   Mum, me, your students, and now Ant!   Leave her alone, stop bullying her, she can think for herself!”
With that, he got up and ran from the room back into the garden.   Mr Pratt dedicated himself to finishing his soup.   Mrs Pratt smiled wearily and started gathering up the soup plates.   Antonia wondered what to do?  Although his father was to say the least exasperating, and it was flattering to have Perg spring to her defence like that, she hadn’t expected him to be so excitable.   Maybe he would come back in when he calmed down.   The professor slurped the last of his soup and offered the empty plate to his wife, who took it while looking through the French doors at her son’s back.    Antonia followed her eyes.   Perg was sitting on the bench seat, leaning forward, his head in his hands.   It didn’t look like he would be coming back in for the main course.
“I’ll go and have a word with him,” she offered. 
Mrs Pratt smiled thankfully.  Mr Pratt shuffled nervously but silently in his seat.   Ant went out into the garden and sat beside Perg.  Not being sure what was the best thing to say, she said nothing.   She put an arm around his shoulder.
“I’m sorry, Ant, I didn’t mean to flare up like that.  It’s what I’m like, I’m afraid.   Quick tempered.”
“I think you had some justification.   Your dad can be quite … hard.”
“Bloody impossible!”
Still not confident enough to risk words, Antonia tried smiling at him.   
“I didn’t want to do that in front of you, Ant.   We shouldn’t have come.  He does this to me very time.   I’m sorry!”
“No problem.”  Her arm was still lying around his shoulder so she used it to squeeze him a little.   They sat for a while.   Antonia found herself wondering why Ogg had chosen Perg.   He had some weird ideas, and he was too ready to let his emotions overwhelm him.   For a great being who set such store by correct thinking, bringing Perg into the team was a very mysterious way to move.  Had he done it for her benefit, was he trying to tell her something?    And if that was the reason, was it fair on Perg?  It seemed to her that in all this, he had always got the short end of the stick … the ridicule at his crazy alien theory, her personal scorn at his declaration of love, an overbearing and insensitive father.   If Ogg had set him up for all this just to make some point or other to her, it; well, just wasn’t a nice thing to do.   Poor Perg!  She squeezed his shoulder a little tighter. 
“Shall we go back in? Your Mum’s joint will get cold.”
“Yes, I suppose… I just hope he can keep his mouth shut…”
“Come on, we can handle it.  Let’s go”




Chapter 22

She was back home.   Perg had dropped her off at her house, apologising yet again for himself and his father.  Now it was late in the evening and still no sign of Ogg.  She had had an idea, she really wanted to talk to him and she was in a vile mood.  She had done her homework, but it had involved stomping around her room and throwing books about so noisily that her mother had gone up to see if she was all right.  Then she had phoned Perg, and had been so short with him that she had had to call back and apologise.  One of the annoying things about having a Great Being as your friend and helper is that they have no phone number or email address, so you just have to wait until they contact you.   Normally waiting wasn’t a problem for Antonia, but she had just had a great idea that might be the answer they were seeking, and she really wanted to tell Ogg about it.   It seemed to her that he had never gone for so long before without checking in, just to see how she was and if she had anything new.   She began to feel that he was deliberately avoiding her, moving no doubt in one of his mysterious ways.  Maybe had had used his special powers to  check her thoughts out and decided he had more important things to do, but she was so sure she had the right answer that she couldn’t convince herself of this.  So, what was keeping him?   Suddenly he materialised before her, and Antonia didn’t even give him time to say hello.     
“Ogg, I’ve just thought of something you’ve obviously missed.”  
Ogg smiled.   He didn’t really believe he could have missed anything, so the smile had a bitter touch of condescendence, but Antonia didn’t notice.   Having a good idea often serves to obscure what is happening around you.  
 “If you have been using time as often as you wish,” Antonia began, “and for different purposes each time, then there must be several versions of history.   But, when we went back in time, we only saw one version.   The answer we are seeking may lie in another history, in one of those we haven’t seen yet.   Maybe we need to keep going back until we find the right version of history, the one which will tell us the secret of the future.”
“Your logic is perfectly correct, Ant, and we could indeed do that.   But it would take an awful long time.”
She gave him a long cool disapproving stare.   How many times had they discussed how meaningless the idea of time was when you had Ogg’s time travelling abilities.  It was insulting really, Ogg.    If you want to use an excuse rather than a reason for something, at least come up with a credible one.        
“Not that time matters, of course, Ant.” Ogg replied hurriedly.   “But we might make quicker progress by taking a trip together to the last day of the future.”
“Wouldn’t that be dangerous?”
“Why?’
“The last day of the future has already moved closer once.   What if it moves again, while we’re there?   We could be stranded for ever on the wrong side of eternity.”   
 “Worth the risk, don’t you think, Ant?   With the future of mankind at stake?”
“Just the two of us?   You’re not thinking of taking Perg?” Antonia asked.   She was worried, she was sure the idea was very dangerous.   
“I don’t think we need him this time, and no point in putting more people at risk than absolutely necessary.”
It obviously was dangerous.   No use Ogg trying to make light of it!   It was a big decision for Antonia.   She had to go, of course.   Too much at stake not to.   
“Well, OK Ogg.  But I need to make a phone call first.”
“Go ahead!”
“A private phone call!”
“Ant, this is me, your Ogg.  You know all my powers.   You can’t have any secrets from me.”    
“Yes, I do know that,” she snapped.  “But just go away for a minute, so that I can at least feel I have some privacy.”
Ogg obligingly disappeared.   Antonia dialled Perg’s number. 
“Perg, it’s me.”
“Hi!”
“I’m going on a mission with Ogg and I just wanted to say goodbye.”   
“You’re nor coming back?”
“I hope so, but who can tell the future?”
“It’s dangerous, isn’t it?   I’ll come too.”
“No, it’s a two person job, and Ogg is working on a need–to-go basis.”
“In that case I’ll go instead of you.”
“Perg, you know it doesn’t work like that.  If Ogg asked me, it’s because he needs me, and not you.”  
Neither of them spoke for a few minutes.
“Well, be careful, Ant.”  
“I will, Perg.”
She cut off her phone quickly.    Ogg appeared immediately and Ant knew he must have been listening in.   Didn’t Great Beings know that some things just were none of their business. 
“Ready, Ant?”
She nodded, and Ogg, with his usual lack of ceremony, projected them forward to the very last day of absolutely everything.
This was Antonia’s first trip forward in time, and it seemed to take longer than the other trips. .  All her other time travels had been to the past.  The past was fact, she could read about it in books; but the future was mystery and speculation, and curiosity may be mankind’s strongest instinct.    As they travelled, Antonia had time to let the anticipation of what was waiting for her push the danger the back of her mind.  Her expectations were so high.  But, as is often the case, reality failed to live up to her expectations.
“The future looks pretty much the same as the present to me,” she remarked.
“It doesn’t look at all the same from where I’m standing,” a voice at her feet barked.   She looked down to see that Ogg had for some inexplicable reason decided to change himself into a small and not entirely handsome dog.    
“So how does the future look to you?” she asked.
“It’s not so much how it looks, it’s how it sounds.   Everything is so deathly quiet.”
It was anything but quiet to Antonia.   They were in the middle of a crowded shopping mall.  Background music was seeping out of several shops, an amorphous cacophony of styles and genres.  Shopping trolleys were squeaking, cash points were clanging, shoes were slapping on polished floors.   People were prattling in various languages, some of which she understood, most of which she didn’t.   To her it was an overwhelming wall of sound, and Ogg had the additional burden of hearing people think.
“Can’t you hear all the music, all those machines?” she asked him.
“I can only hear humans.”
“What about all those people talking and shouting?”
“Nothing.”
“Their most secret and innermost thoughts?”
“Nothing.”
“You mean that all of those people, every single one of them in fact, is a non-human?”
Ogg just looked up at her with sad doggy eyes and hung his head.   Antonia took a fresh look at her surroundings.   She listened more closely to the clamour and clatter which was almost deafening her.   The noise seemed like the internal workings of a large and complicated machine.   The little barbs of conversation she could discern above the general background hum seemed like senseless, mechanical phrases – ‘hello, goodbye, how much, where to, thank you, ‘scuse me’.   She couldn’t be sure – the people weren’t speaking English. Bodies were being transported on conveyor belts from one level to another.    People were parading in orderly files through doors which flew open to let them pass.   Shoppers filed in front of check-outs, stacks of purchasers waiting to be processed.   Grey figures in grey clothes marched everywhere, expressionless eyes staring out of colourless faces from which all signs of active biological processes had disappeared.    Was this the end of mankind?   Had we all been replaced by unthinking robots in some great self-perpetuating economic contraption?
“I think you should get down to some work now,” Ogg said to Antonia.   She had no idea what kind of work he was talking about.     This is exactly the kind of problem that many of Ogg’s friends come across every day.    They want to do Ogg’s work. Indeed some of his most assiduous followers consider that it is their duty to do Ogg’s work.   But how do they find out what this work is?   Certainly not from Ogg, who observes a strict policy of letting his friends find out everything for themselves, with the inevitable consequence that a lot of strange and inappropriate things are done in Ogg’s name.    
But in this case Ogg had provided Antonia with a bit of a clue to the task he had in mind, because she suddenly realised she was holding a clip-board and a bundle of questionnaires   Inspecting herself further, she found that Ogg had dressed her in a rather smart plain blue suit with a neat businesslike straight skirt
“I supposed you expect me to stop people and ask them all these questions?” she asked, with that arrogant teenage aggressiveness which so infuriates most adults.   “I’ve no idea where we are, and I can’t understand a word of this language.”
“Don’t be such a baby, Ant.  I’m always here to keep an eye on you.  You can trust me”
Antonia was just on the verge of becoming a great thinker, and if there’s one thing a great thinker needs more than anything else, it’s a healthy dose of scepticism about everything and everyone, Oggs included.   She was having severe misgivings about the whole situation, and not without cause. 
The first sign of trouble was a loud unintelligible voice shouting angrily at them.   The voice was emanating from a neatly-pressed grey uniform topped by an officious peaked cap, and it was obviously not in a good mood.   It was speaking in that mysterious foreign language, but Antonia found that she knew exactly what it was saying.  She could even discern an accent. 
“Oi’, you!   There ain’t no dogs allowed in ‘ere.   Get ‘im out, quick!”
“Why on earth did you choose to be a dog this time, Ogg?   He’s going to throw us out.”
“Ignore him!” Ogg replied, puffing out his chest.
The angry voice had a uniform and official status.  It was not to be ignored. 
“C’mon miss, take your dog outside!   This ain’t no place for a dog.”
“He’s not my dog,” Antonia found herself saying, without meaning to.   She supposed that Ogg had momentarily borrowed her vocal equipment.
At this point the canine Ogg appeared to go completely mad.   He rushed at the feet of the oncoming uniform, barking in a pathetic but effective series of staccato squeaks, almost knocking his victim off balance.   The guard lunged at him, and Ogg fled.   The uniform gave chase.   The automatic doors flew open in front of him, but Ogg was in one of his mischievous moods and scorned such an easy escape.    Instead he bounded up a down-escalator, turning at the top to mock the sweating and grunting security man who had tried to follow him.   He was puffing and panting as he tried to go up while the grim mechanical determination of the machine was taking him back down.   When his pursuer at last reached the top, Ogg fled along the passage and down the up-escalator at the opposite end of the building, stopping again to taunt the exhausted security man.  Ogg completed his torture with a disdainful canter to safety through the automatic doors.   The security guard, breathless, dishevelled and devoid of all dignity, clung desperately to an internal pillar and shook his fist weakly through the smoked glass.
Antonia was beginning to get really annoyed with Ogg.   She disliked puffed-up little men in uniforms as much as anyone, but in their situation wasn’t it a bit stupid to make enemies unnecessarily?   She had no idea where she was, she understood nothing anyone said and the world was due to come to an end any second.   And apparently all that Ogg could think of was to pretend to be a mad puppy and play stupid games with security men.   She had been relying on him, and he had failed to come up to expectations.   Well, she would just have to get on with the task of saving mankind entirely by herself.




Chapter 22

   It was all right for Ogg, sitting outside the glass castle wagging his tail and yelping happily, but what was Antonia to do?   The surly security man had recovered his breath by now, and he was eyeing her suspiciously.   She could see that he was determined to wreak some revenge on someone.  A voice inside her was speaking – was it Ogg or her own common sense, who can tell? – and telling her the best thing to do was to get on with the questionnaires.    So she pulled out a pen conveniently hidden in her handbag and grabbed the first passing shopper.
“Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?”    She was thinking in English but speaking in she didn’t know what.   She supposed Ogg was helping her.   At least he was doing something useful.  In any case, the woman must have understood.   She answered in a mysterious mixture of meaningless noises, but Antonia knew exactly what she was saying.
“ Only if you’re quick.  I’ve got a lot of shopping to do.”
Antonia glanced down at the questions on her list and immediately wished she hadn’t stopped the woman.   The questions were to say the least weird.   Were they of some significance in the search for the ultimate truth or was Ogg just up to mischief again?   She could never tell.   She glanced in his direction through the great glass walls but he was staring at the still wheezing security guard with the canine equivalent of a contemptuous sneer.   No help for her from this quarter.   She decided, all by herself, again, to edit the questionnaire a bit.   She would omit the most obviously Great Philosophical Questions, and stick to those which a reasonably thoughtful and intelligent person might be expected to answer.
“What do you think about the social conditions in today’s modern world?” she asked.
“Here, you ain’t one of them religious fanatics, are yer?”
“No, I ain’t…I’m not!   We’re just interested in the point of view of an obviously intelligent lady like yourself.   It’s for a government white paper.”
“Bleedin’ government toilet paper more like.   I don’t take nothing to do with that sort of thing.   I wouldn’t want to be impolite, young miss, but I’ve got to get me shopping.   He’ll be wanting his dinner.”
And the woman toddled off, leaving Antonia staring at a still blank questionnaire.   Through the glass, she was nearly certain she got a glimpse of Ogg winking and smiling in an annoying knowing fashion, although she realised that it was all too easy to misinterpret a dog’s facial expressions.  You would have thought that he might take things a bit more seriously, all the same.   There weren’t many more portentous events than the end of the world.   ‘Well, stuff him!’ she thought, ‘I can do this without his help.’   She caught a passing youth by the arm.
“Young sir, can I ask you a few questions, for a survey?”
“Well, you sure can, baby.   You can ask me anything you like.”
Antonia immediately regretted having blindly grabbed the first arm to pass.   A few seconds of careful reflection would have paid off.   But Ogg had got up her nose and she had let her anger get the better of her.   Fatal mistake!   She had allowed herself to fall into the clutches of a budget price tracksuit with a spotty complexion.
“Maybe we could go somewhere quiet and talk this over, babe,” the acne blurted from between two rows of yellow stumps.
“I think we can manage quite well right here, thank you.”
“Your loss, honey!   Shoot!”
Antonia looked at her questionnaire, deciding where to start.   If the first question was too difficult for her last interviewee, it certainly was for this one.   She hunted hopefully for an easy one.
“Would you say that one of the problems of today’s world is the lack of spirituality among the young?”
“Huh!”
“Would you say that one of the problems of today’s world is the lack of spirituality among the young?”
“Here, you ain’t one of them religious fanatics, are yer?”  His fake American accent had disappeared.
Antonia smiled at him.  Well, it was more of a wicked grin, really.   She placed her hands together as if in prayer.   
“Would you still like to go somewhere quiet to discuss it?”
The tracksuit fled, leaving a beaming self-satisfied Antonia behind it.   She felt a bit guilty, and worried that some off Ogg’s irreverence had rubbed off on her, but some temptations in this world are just too big to be resisted.   
She was a bit more circumspect in choosing her next victim.   As befits a person dedicated to thinking in a correct and logical fashion, she approached the task in a careful and orderly manner.   What she needed was someone reasonably well dressed, mature, and showing some outward manifestations of a reasonable level of intelligence.   Her eyes fell on a middle-aged gentleman wearing proper shoes, a tailored jacket and a shirt with a real collar.   It was in image Antonia equated with knowledge based professions, a lawyer or maybe a teacher.   Surely here was someone who could cope with at least one of the less demanding questions on her list.
“Excuse me, sir, but would you object to answering a few questions for a very important survey?”
“Why, not at all, young gel.  Delighted to be of assistance.   What piece of information would you like me to proffer?”
Antonia searched in the questionnaire for the absolutely easiest question in the list.   She was beginning to lose all confidence in mankind being able to express a sensible opinion on the most mundane matters, and she wanted to be sure of at least some kind of answer this time.
“Would you say you were very satisfied, reasonably satisfied, or dissatisfied with the political situation in the world today?”
“Oh, that’s a good one, young lady.   A really good one, may I say.”
“Thank you,” Antonia said, and waited.   There was an awkward pause.
“Well, glad to have been of help,” the teacher (or lawyer) said at last, and wandered off leaving a bemused Antonia wondering if she had missed something.
The unanimous view on any subject of any interest whatever seemed to have been a resounding ‘Don’t Know’.   Ogg had brought her among the least opinionated society that she could ever imagine.   There was no point in interviewing boring people who couldn’t even answer ordinary questions, never mind Great Philosophical ones.   Antonia decided that it was about time she explored the future a bit.   She dropped her clipboard into a handy rubbish bin and set off around the shopping centre. 
Wherever she went, Antonia was aware of an overwhelming sense of familiarity. Here she was in a new place, in a time yet to come, and yet nothing was strange.   She wandered into a TV shop.   Walls of moving images fluttered at her, demanding her attention.   She dismissed them all with a bored glance.   She’d seen it all before – regurgitated soaps, golden oldie video clips, comedy programmes with jokes she knew by heart.   Clothes shops revived revivals of fashion statements best forgotten.   The newsstands proclaimed headlines reprised from years before.  The world wasn’t going forward, it was going round and round.   The straight advancing path of human development had turned into a circle.   The future was no more than yet another rerun of the past.   It was so depressing.
Antonia was one of those many people who believed that the cure for feeling a bit low was a massive injection of good quality chocolate.   So, finding herself near a large hypermarket which sold everything for every occasion, she entered in search of some cocoa laden solace.   
Her mind was spinning.   Chocolate, chocolate!   Mindless society, going nowhere!   Got to get some chocolate!   It’s not just that the people here don’t think correctly, they didn’t think at all.   Sorry, Ogg I know this isn’t correct thinking.   But I do need an injection of chocolate.   Repeats!    Repeats of TV shows, reissues of pop songs, revivals of clothing styles!   Everything once again, nothing new!   There’s no future, just a rerun of the present.   There’s the chocolate, where’s my money?   What kind of money do I need?   I’m brainstorming.   My brain’s in a hurricane, a typhoon.   This isn’t logical.   Incorrect thinking!   What will Ogg think of me?   Need chocolate, need money.   What kind of money do I need, Ogg?  What kind of money do they take in this future you’ve brought me too?  There is no future, just a rerun of the present.   I’ve been here before, you’ve been here before, we’ve all been here before.   There is no future in this present.   There is no future.   There is no future.   There is no future.
“GOT IT!!!” Antonia screamed.   Luckily no-one heard her in the din of full-blown weekend shopping.   “Got it,” she whispered to herself, looking to see that nobody was looking at her.
Antonia believed she had solved the problem.   Today was the end of the future because it had nowhere to go.   Today was the last new day.   Tomorrow would be a day from the past.  A future has to be different.   It has to go somewhere.   But there was no one left with any idea of where to take it.   When Ogg couldn’t read these thoughts, it wasn’t because these people weren’t human.   It was because they didn’t have any thoughts. 
And Antonia had not only identified the problem, she had come up with the solution.   As she crossed the exit of the shop, a rescue plan was forming in her head.
‘What we have to do, Ogg and I,’ she thought to herself, ‘is teach these people to come up with some original thoughts.’
She was stopped in her tracks by the deafening scream of a security alarm.   She jumped, and logic flew off leaving her bewildered and confused.   Had she absent-mindedly picked up some unpaid chocolate by accident?   Had she turned into a secret shoplifter?   She was conscious of a million eyes piercing her back.  She turned.  Shoppers, shop assistants, security men, faces twisted into cruel gargoyles, were leering at her.   There was no mistaking who had set off the alarm.  What had she done?  The crowd had formed a semi-circle around her.   Arms were raised, fingers were pointing.   Hee-haw!    Hee-haw!   Hee-haw!   The demonic siren was laughing at her.   She was frozen with fear.   
“She’s ‘ad some original thoughts, that one!” an accusing voice whispered.
Original thoughts!” Screeches from an unseen voice.
“Disgraceful!” from another.
“Who does she think she is?” from somewhere else.
Tortured eyes started at her.   Twisted mouths hissed at her.   Bent and hooked noses sniffed her hair.   Fat flowing stomachs belched foul breath in her direction.   Spiny fingers with pointed claws reached out for her neck.
“Dangerous creature!”
“She’ll spoil it for all us.”
“We’ve got to get rid of her!”
“Got to put her down!”
“Put her down!   Put her down!  Put her down!”
They began to smash their hands together in time to their evil chant.  Antonia started to back away.   She took a step back, the crowd took a step forward.
“Ogg!” Antonia screamed, drawing the ‘O’ sound out into an overextended soprano aria.  “Aaaaaaaawgg!”  she repeated.   She turned and fled, making for the glass doors.
“Don’t let her get away!” she heard behind her.
“Get her!  Put her down!”
“We’ll original thoughts her!”
“We’ll show her what to do with her bleedin’ original thoughts.”
“Yeah, the cheek of her!”
“After her!   Quick!” 
The ruthless rioters rumbled behind her.   She ran blindly for freedom, and careered into unyielding glass with an inelegant thud.   The door must have closed automatically when the alarm went off.
“Ogg, help me!” she pleaded, scratching vainly at the glass.
Ogg was sitting calmly right outside the door, looking through the glass with almost bored eyes.   His tail was wagging and he had pushed his head a little to the side to look up at her.   His lack of concern was infuriating.   This was no time for  working in mysterious ways.   On the contrary, it was an opportune moment for a good old straightforward rescue.   
“What seems to be the exact problem, Ant?” Ogg asked, dragging his words out in a deliberate and ponderous manner.   Antonia was absolutely certain that the murdering masses behind her would tear her head off before he finished speaking.   She could hear their rumbling, and the endless repetition of their death chant.
“Get her!   Put her down!”
“Get her!   Put her down!”
“Don’t panic!”   Ogg said, quietly.   “I’m not!”
It was all right for him.  He was on the non-panic side of the door.           
“There’s no rush, Ant!”
Couldn’t Ogg see the bloodthirsty war-dance right behind her?   Had he turned himself into a blind dog?
“Please, Ogg!”
“Have some faith, Ant!   They’re not getting any closer, are they?”
This was true.   The rumble was right behind her, but try as it might, it didn’t seem able to reach her.   And the cries of “Get her!  Put her down!” were beginning to sound like an old fashioned record stuck in a groove.
“I just keep sending them back a couple of seconds all the time.   I won’t let them reach you.   We can go on like this for ages.   We’ve got all the time in the world.”
Now faith is a funny concept.  For one thing, it doesn’t coexist very well with fear.   Even when it is based on entirely logical and well-understood principles.    So when Ogg suggested that Antonia should calm down and join him in a lazy rational review of the situation it didn’t go down too well.
“I’d rather discuss it from the other side of this door,” a falsetto voice squeaked.
“All in good time.”
Antonia thought that there really couldn’t be a better time.   She knew that Ogg could hold off the crowd as long as he wanted.   As long as he remembered to push them back in time every couple of seconds.   But if he forgot just once, they would be on her, tearing her to bits like an antelope caught by a hungry lion.          
“Tell me what you found out?” Ogg asked her.
“Oh, stop it, Ogg!   You know fine well what I found out.   Just get me out of here!”
“What are we going to do?  How are we going to save the world?”
“Save me first!   Then the world.”    
“You know, Ant, I have been trying very hard to get you to stop being so emotional and think in a sensible rational manner.   It seems that I haven’t been completely successful.”
“Put me on your side of this glass door and I promise to be sensible and rational !”
Ogg ignored her pleas.   
“Let’s think!” he said.
“Let’s act, Ogg!!!   Then we can think!”
“You were right of course, Ant.   What I need to do is teach these moronic people the secret of original thinking.    See you!”
And with that Ogg dematerialised.   
Antonia couldn’t believe it, but she didn’t have any time to think about why he might have done such a thing.  The crowd, suddenly released from suspended animation, rushed forward.   She felt heavy hands descending on her shoulders, long hooked-nailed fingers closing around her neck, large boots kicking at her legs.   She was going down, sliding under a mass of angry humanity.   The crowd was going to swallow her, to eat her whole.   She saw enormous knives raised to carve her.   She heard jaws and cheeks chomping in anticipation.   She twisted, she turned, she kicked, she punched, she shouted and she screamed.   She was on the floor.   Fists were shaking at her.   Feet were stomping down on her body.   Her eyes were closing.
She heard a sudden silent voice inside her   head.   It was a quiet voice, a sensible voice, a reasonable voice.   Not the least an ostentatious voice.  It was a familiar voice, a voice she knew well.  It came alone, with no visual accompaniment at all.   Although Antonia heard the voice, she was sure no else did.   It left its message silently, and faded discretely back to where ever it came from.  All it said was,
“Sorry, Ant.  Forgot something!”
How could Ogg even think of leaving her in such a terrible predicament?  Antonia really wanted to give him a piece of her mind.   But before she could select a suitably caustic morsel, she was back safe in her own bedroom, unhurt and even unbruised.




Chapter 23

Before Antonia  had even time to get her breath back, her mobile phone sang out.   She must remember to change that ring tone, it was starting to get annoying.  She glanced at her screen.  Perg!  Who else?
“Hello Perg”
“You’re back then, Ant.  Are you OK?”
Was she OK?   She really hadn’t had time to think about it.   She shouldn’t be OK, not after almost being torn to pieces by a pack of human wolves.   She should be a blubbering nervous mess, but she really believed she wasn’t too bad.  Her hands were quite steady, her legs could carry her.  She wasn’t even angry at Ogg, and, my God, she should be – leaving her alone and exposed like that.  Yet it was as if it wasn’t really his fault, more her fault than his really, if that made any sense.   So she supposed she was OK, apart from being a bit confused about the discrepancy between the way she was feeling and the way logic told her she should have been feeling.    
At the other end of the phone, Perg’s patience gave out.  His question had gone unanswered.
“What happened? Ant?”
What had happened?    Had she solved the mystery? What was Ogg going to do now?  What was she going to do?  Pass her A levels and go to university?  Or something more important?  Was there anything more important?  Had she come all this way, asking question after question, to get to the end of her journey, unable to think of anything except more questions.   
“Ant!!!! What happened?”     
“Oh, sorry Perg, I was thinking.” She noticed her voice had suddenly become calmer, no idea why.   She was trying hard to think, but it wasn’t easy.  None of her ideas seemed to stick together.   She felt there were things she now knew, things she had just discovered, but she couldn’t explain how she knew them.  So here she was, seeking for the explanations, and to her it seemed like thinking backwards, that her feelings had taken over and were in control of her thoughts.  She was sure the end of the world problem had gone away, but how or why she had no idea.  Could she say she just had a feeling?  If she could, where did that put everything she had learned from Ogg, what kind of correct thinking was that?  
“What happened,” Perg repeated.  Antonia had forgotten to answer him again.   She forced herself to speak, before her mind whizzed off and left him again.
“Well, I asked some people some questions, and they didn’t like it much.  It seems not everybody enjoys looking for answers to difficult questions.” 
“But did you find out about the end of the world?”
“Maybe.  Maybe not.  It was all a bit confused and noisy.  There was a lot of shouting, people were quite angry with me.” 
 She wanted to tell him it was all right, that it wasn’t so serious, that Ogg had it all in hand, but even to herself she couldn’t explain why she felt that way.    So how could she tell Perg?
 “Was it dangerous?”
Had it been dangerous? Or had Ogg been standing invisibly over her all the time, ready to whisk her away when things got out of hand?
“Hard to say, really.  Anyway, I’m back safely. No harm done!”
“And Ogg, what did he say?”
“Basically, goodbye.  I don’t think we’ll see him again.  At least, not for a while.”
Why had she said that?    Ogg hadn’t said anything about not coming back.   What was it he had done that made her believe that?  She must have a reason. She must have thought it through.  But she couldn’t remember.  Was she thinking without knowing she was thinking?  Can you do that?  In any case, she would have to justify what she had just said to Perg.  
“I’m not sure we need him any more, Perg.  Or at least, not just at the moment”
“So the world isn’t going to end?”
“Who can tell that that, Perg?  Who can even tell what the world really is?  Now or in the future.   Let’s not talk about it just now” 
 
Neither of them said anything for a while.  Perg wanted to say the right thing, but didn’t know what it was.   Ant was being hopelessly enigmatic, and he was wondering what really had happened on her trip to the end of the world.  Whatever had happened she seemed to have changed.  At times she seemed to know everything; at other times she seemed to know nothing at all.   
Antonia suddenly felt that the answer she was looking for was there, quite close, but just out of reach, but the harder she tried to catch it the more frustrated she would get.   She should put it all away for the moment, Ogg, the end of the world, all the GPQs she had come across and hurt her head trying to answer.  She wasn’t going to stop thinking about them, but now wasn’t the time. There was a time and a place for everything, and she just wasn’t up for this kind of deep thinking right now. 
“Perg, you couldn’t help me with a maths problem, could you?   I would ask Ogg, but he’s not around now.  Anyway, he was never much cop at answering questions, was he?” 
“I can try, shall I come round?”
“Yes, why not?”
There was another pause.
“Ant, will you have any spare time on Sunday?  Only, my Mum called and invited us for Sunday dinner again, and Dad said he was really looking forward to a lively discussion with you.”
“As long as we’re back for about seven – I have an essay to finish.”
“Great I’ll tell them.  And I’ll be round in ten minutes.”
“O.K.”
“O.K.”



END

