

Tales from Topout

Prince Rockhard and the Holy Hex


Samuel Ogborn




Smashwords Edition.
First published in 2013.

Copyright Samuel Ogborn.

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please post feedback and spread the word. Thank you for your support.

Edited by Liz Drummond.
Cover art by Charlotte Sarossy.




Preface

The following story is about rock climbing – the fantasy elements are merely the background and not the focus. If you don't know about rock climbing then you should take it up - and then read this story. 
The inspiration for Prince Rockhard, his world, friends, enemies and all their adventures came from a weekend conversation at Mt Arapiles, Victoria in 2009. While discussing the weekend's climbing, the idea of our trip as a quest came up. This hypothetical stuck and became the main conversation on the long drive back to Melbourne. We laughed at the concept of a Holy Hex, what a land ruled by climbers would look like and who would live there. Some possible characters emerged, all based on the nicknames of various climbers we knew. Somehow this ridiculous concept seemed to work and I decided to write it down. Maybe it would be a page or so, nothing longer.
Since then I found myself occasionally working on the story (that went far beyond a single page). As it went on, others have pitched in. Many climbers gave feedback, Liz (a climber completing tertiary studies in professional writing), volunteered her much needed editing skills. Finally my lovely girlfriend Charlotte organised the astonishing cover art. For all the contributions and inspiration I give thanks. 
But when all is said and done, this story is for a pastime I will always love and be grateful for. For all the climbs I’ve done at Mt Arapiles and elsewhere. Especially for all the people I have done those climbs with - particularly Angry Possum, Dave, Larderman, Kate, Simon and Mish. But I must especially thank Andrew the Gecko; for starting it all for me. Regardless of how equipment changes, people will always be the most important thing you take climbing. 
I hope you climbers out there enjoy this Tale from Topout. I imagine it to be seemingly pointless, misunderstood by outsiders and a whole lot of fun - just like rock climbing.

Samuel Ogborn. 




Prologue

Welcome to Topout – a world dedicated almost entirely to climbers. 
In a manner of speaking...
It’s more accurate to say that climbers are dedicated to Topout. Much in the same way the ocean doesn’t exist purely for the benefit of fish, but local conditions are hard to argue against. 
The view from above shows a maze of kingdoms, crags, cliffs, canyons and more, each one with it’s own terrain and people. They weave and wind around each other like the lines of a fingerprint. Beyond the expected alignment, sometimes these kingdoms and countries spread out vertically as well. Like a coral reef, life exists at all the different levels, borders stacked above and below. From the closest to the sun to those that stay in the darkness beneath the lowest ledges.
But first, welcome to Cliffedge – a land far from overdeveloped areas but still close to amenities. A fairer land, where climbers are mostly free from poor weather, chossy ascents and the social pressure of having to bathe more than twice a week when on a strict climbing schedule. For centuries Cliffedge has enjoyed unparalleled prosperity, but the locals are about to learn just how quickly things can go bad when you lose even a single piece of protection…




Chapter 1

“The odds of anything going wrong are very low. But should something go wrong, the odds it will be catastrophic are very high.”
Standard pre–climbing pep talk.  

Dominating the local landscape are the famed Big Walls. Visible for miles, they are the unofficial monoliths of Cliffedge, right on the edge of the kingdom. Today, without binoculars, a keen observer may notice a distant splash of colour against the white stone. With them they could make out an unusually well presented individual quietlyi soloing up the cliff face. He’s no novice; simply being at this cliff let alone climbing it is evidence of that. The towering wall of rock both inspires and intimidates. Even people on the ground had been known to tie themselves to a tree before looking all the way up. This individual is in fact climbing royalty. This isn’t just a reference to his ability. The crown and royal seals on his chalk bag and clothes make it an official title. 
Enough talk, climb on!
It was bright and warm, probably close to noon judging by the sun hovering directly above the dot-sized climber on the cliff. At that angle there was no shade and each upward glance was like staring into a furnace. In the face of all this Prince Rockhard of Cliffedge grimaced. Partially due to the glare but mostly because he couldn’t decide his next move. 
From here the land below took on a curiously two-dimensional quality; forests and hills blurred into green and brown patches. The only thing that mattered was the rock face just inches away. In the climber’s focused vision, the surface dipped in and curved out, changed texture and tone, each section offering different sections of grip or peril. 
Except for his grunts and the jangle of gear, the only noise was the wind sighing past. Occasionally bringing birds in for a closer look before carrying them up over the cliffs on the afternoon thermals. 
Right. The decision now made, Rockhard adjusted his crown’s chinstrap and put more weight on the low pinkie jam keeping him on the face. He launched upwards and with only minor twangs and protests from his groin, snared a big toe on the crimp hold by his shoulder. 
Right, he thought. The next bit may get tricky. 
‘Sire!’ The Castle Ghost, a former climber who made the transition to spirit some centuries earlier, appeared next to him. 
‘Huh!?’
‘You must come at once my lead! The Holy Hex has been stolen!’
The Prince almost lost his grip and swore as best he could with a quickdraw in his mouth. He’d warned the ghost about his tendency to interrupt climbs at delicate moments, but this was bad. The idea was near unthinkable, the Holy Hex had been a permanent fixture for years. Like the sky, or porridge you forgot to clean out of a pot now set like concrete. 
The ascent abandoned, Rockhard abseiled down as fast as relative safety allowed.  At camp he hurriedly stuffed his backpack. Cursing as climbing equipment got caught, tangled or sprang out of different openings, like he was forcing an octopus into a new suit. But by ignoring neatness and using his knee, he finally jammed everything in. After a quick bush bash, trail hike, scrub walk and a discreet stop in the bushes, he arrived home; Castle Rockhard. 
As always it stood high off the ground, proudly protruding out of the cliffs like some bizarre growth that incorporated bunting. The castle’s stone took the characteristics of the crags it was attached to. There were deep oranges and reds with slashes and smears of lighter stone, mixed through the rock like the lines of a multi-layer cake. All of which combined to become an enormous work of abstract art in the late afternoon sun. 
Though not all was well. The outer walls showed signs of mourning; belay calls were curiously absent and the traditional gear slings and improvised clotheslines were all at half-mast. The Prince approached the drawbridge (which hadn’t been used in centuries), and climbed through the traditional entrance – an upper window. There in the Hall of the Grand Tarp, behind the Royal Throne was a horrible gap in the wall. The castle was already filling up with muttering climbers and general hangers-on as news of the theft spread. 
‘Who could have done this?’ the Prince demanded. ‘The Holy Hex was forever bomber! Unremovable!’
‘We don’t know,’ said the Ghost sadly. ‘We believe it was just one climber. They got in, somehow stole the Holy Hex and pinched the chocolate on the way out.’ 
Rockhard considered this. Before he could ask if anything happened to the hummus, the Ghost spoke again.
‘The Holy Hex must not remain booty! It holds Castle Rockhard and the Kingdom of Cliffedge together. I was alive in the terrible days when we had a tent and the Royal Anchor was just RPs. Without the Hex I don’t know how long the castle will last. When it fails we are finished!’ 
Rockhard nodded, in his mind’s eye he already sensed weakness in the castle. The Holy Hex had been placed centuries earlier and the castle built up around it. It was more than pro – it was Pro. It was possibly a piece from the legendary First Rack – one of the oldest stories of the climbers. Indeed it’s entire existence or origins were still based in myth. Some say it came from gods who took pity of humans falling so often. Others privately speculated that they just wanted humans to get higher before they fell. There were stories about wizards, magical pro-smiths, and a gift in the form of a challenge from the mountains. Whatever their origin, the important thing was that some pieces still existed. Even if they weren’t part of some almighty rack, their impact was undeniable. The Holy Hex had allowed Rockhard’s ancestors to build both a prosperous castle and kingdom that defied gravity. But with it gone, theirs was a pinky hold on a windy ledge. He imagined the not too distant future, with the forces keeping the castle strong gone. While its sudden departure had not resulted in immediate damage, it was coming. It was like taking a vital stone out of a dam wall. Right now there was only a distant hiss of escaping water, but soon everything would give way with a roar. He’d seen people hit the deck before, the idea of a castle and kingdom doing something similar was too horrible to comprehend.
The Prince stuck out a chin so firm you’d be happy to belay from it, plus his chest on which some had already done so. He was tall but not so large – climbers generally aren’t, they can’t afford the extra weight. That is until they get on a climb and every muscle swells with effort, like Bruce Banner as he becomes the Incredible Hulk. He looked around, sweeping his hair back although the gesture was unnecessary. His hair naturally swept back; as if he spent his whole life in the face of a minor gale. Most people thought it grew this way because he spent so much of his life looking up. 
Just like on the cliff face he decided his next move. The audience in the hall looked expectant. 
‘Bastard! He will pay! I will give chase and retrieve the Holy Hex. Regardless of the walk in!’
Rockhard knew he must save the kingdom. But first he needed answers, he needed to know who could have done this and why. He would consult Glamrock, the wise, old, tight-fisted hermit who lived amongst the cliffs of WHAT!!?? (so named for their windy ledges). Only coming out at night to search by the light of his magic chalk bag for a dollar lost many years ago. Even though he was a hermit, like all old men stuck on mountains he seemed very knowledgeable of what was going on. 
Plus he was cheap.
Rockhard considered his options. ‘I’ll need supplies and a seconder. I summon my favoured subject who cooks, tastes and occasionally steals my food: Larderman! Laaaardermaaann!’
At the call a figure rapped in from the kitchen in a shower of crumbs. Not as obviously muscled as the Prince, his physique was evident of an ongoing battle between his mutual loves of exercise and rich food. For the most part he was side-on thin but for his stomach that stuck out like half a pea on a paddle pop stick. He wore an apron with a split down the front to allow for easy movement and a range of cooking gear with carabineers jingling from his harness. All topped off by a helmet that finished in a traditional chef’s hat. Hurriedly trying to finish whatever he had eaten, he untied and ran over. 
‘Mmf? (gulp), yes sire!?’
‘Prepare for an epic. We journey to retrieve the Holy Hex!’
‘Mmf!’
They prepared carefully as this was no ordinary trip. Rockhard packed his newest and most reliable (but strategically scratched) gear. Some pieces had been donated by the climbing aristocracy and held enormous value. He appreciated this and like anyone else, spent a lot of time telling people of the incredible cost of the things he didn’t actually have to pay for. Some had enchantments that he was only starting to explore, such as the wires that used chirpy tones to judge your placements: Gonna die! Gonna die! Gonna die! Nah, yehgood.
Larderman packed differently but with no less ceremony, his equipment related more to cooking than climbing. He was by trade a provedore to the stars and celebrity camping chef. The first person to climb with fry pans, wok, stove, chopping boards, knives, spice rack and more, all with their own inlaid carabiners.  It was rumoured he had flipped pancakes twenty metres into the air whilst climbing, so he had time to pull rope and clip in to gear with his fry pan hand.
Once ready they were seen off by most of the population who were happy that someone else was doing something. The High Priest gave them the usual blessing for those going on a long journey (Got Your Head-Torch?), then in accordance with climbing tradition they left the required one and a half hours after the “Agreed Leaving Time”. Returning for a second departure thirty minutes later to retrieve “The Thing That Had Been Forgot” (also in accordance with tradition). 
However, their departure was noticed by more than the crowd at Castle Rockhard. The wind is a curious thing. It can stop conversations from a few metres, or carry them across mountain ranges, bouncing from peak to peak for those who know how to listen. Far up in his cave, the old hermit, Glamrock, listened to the farewells, just as he listened to whatever the wind brought each day. He’d even heard the High Priest give the dull recital of That Was A Quick Trip when Rockhard and Larderman returned for “The Thing That Had Been Forgot”. Keeping up with current events is, strangely enough, stock in trade for old men on mountains. It gives them something to concentrate on when they have little else but a loin cloth, chalk bag and a beard that almost reaches their knees. 
‘The Holy Hex eh?’ he muttered. ‘Wait until they learn of the Crux they face…’
Far away Rockhard and Larderman continued their journey, unaware of cryptic mutterings of old men in caves. They were just following the rules of “when thou art lacking a guide book, find a guide”. Without knowing who took the Holy Hex or how, it was a first ascent in every sense. 
They made their way from the castle and approached the cairns that marked the end of Cliffedge proper. On the way they acknowledged the cheers and encouragements from climbers in their own land, however this warmth noticeably lessened upon crossing the border. What climbers they saw seemed less eager to wish their party luck as they got further from the castle. Gossip travels faster than official news as it doesn’t always have to carry the heavy detail of the truth. Already climbers across several lands knew of the quest and could only speculate on the powers of whatever dark forces that had taken the Holy Hex. Some said monsters from the early days, others spoke of dark forces from other lands. Was it prelude to a terrible invasion of Cliffedge? Or just the start of a season of cataclysms that would begin as the castle crashed to earth? Heads were nodded and chins scratched as people came up with whatever theories that could be trusted to impress and worry the audience, who would then in turn go and give their own performance elsewhere. But they all agreed, whatever it was you could bet your boots it wasn’t over.  
In the midst of this, Rockhard and Larderman travelled like a couple of wandering bomb technicians – praised by those who were directly threatened, but nervously avoided by everyone else. After all, they’re only around if something is about to go bang. 
As the quest continued the weather worsened, along with their mood. Getting stormier after days of travel by foot, climb and the occasional rappel. 
Finally, the wind howling louder with every onward step, they got to their destination: the legendarily noisy cliffs of WHAT!!??  Enormous formations of craggy rock, home of Glamrock and ground zero for an eternal battle between weather and geology. Spires, canyons and gullies were carved by time and wind, giving a bonsai-like effect. In turn these cliffs affected the weather. Wind bent around spires, barrelled through passages and hit currents doing the same from the other side. This was one of the few places where a hot westerly would sear your exposed skin, vanish into the twisting tunnels and come back as a chilled easterly. Right now it was just teasing. Grabbing ropes and flapping Larderman’s hood in his face, further souring his mood. 
It had taken hours to get up the first pitch and communication with Rockhard on lead was all but impossible. Then an hour ago a packet of flour fell open and it’s contents exploded in the gale, coating Larderman and briefly fooling Rockhard into thinking a bushfire had started below. 
Sound from above bounced off the cliffs, almost lost in the roar of the weather. A climbing call from Rockhard?
‘WHAT?’ yelled Larderman.
‘APE!’
Larderman cursed, the echoes and wind scrambled everything. He decided Rockhard probably said safe. It was certainly closer than any other climbing call he could think of and gave the expected response. 
‘Off Belay, Prince!’
‘TAY!’
That was probably an OK. Larderman dismantled the anchor and squeezed his shoes on. The bright side of the flour disaster was that he wouldn’t need to chalk up for the entire climb. 
‘Climbing!’ he bellowed.
‘TAY! LIME A STEADY!’
Larderman shook his head, gently dusting the rock in self-raising and climbed on. 
Meanwhile, about two pitches and a traverse away the old hermit, Glamrock, was pleading with three menacing figures. Not an easy thing when your own tight-fisted nature competes with your survival instinct. 
‘Look, I’ll give you anything! Well by give I mean lend and by anything I mean 
almo-’
‘HUUUURRRRRGGGHHHHGLAH!’
Glamrock shut up. As one does when faced with a roared counter-argument that is framed by fangs and inches away. One figure did the talking. The others stood back, sniffing the air or curling and uncurling their tales. A large claw poked Glamrock in the chest and its owner snarled down at him. 
‘You understand? You know nothing! Or never get it again!’ 
Glamrock looked longingly at his prize possession. He was in a bad position to haggle and the claw that poked him was only large compared to his own hands. Compared to the other claws on display it could only be called standard. 
‘I understand,’ he muttered. 
The three moved to the darkness in the back of Glamrock’s cave, one reverting to four legs for the trip. Glamrock took up position at the entrance and listened to the approaching climbing banterii.
The approach to Glamrock’s ledge was considered run-out by many and Rockhard was no exception. His hand flailed over the top of the ledge and gained grateful purchase. He pulled himself up, stared Glamrock in the knee and gave the standard post-climb greeting: 
‘Faaarrk!’
‘Dry your eyes princess,’ said Glamrock in the traditional response. ‘What are you doing up here? Not that it matters ’cos I can’t help you.’
Rockhard explained his quest as he looped the rope around a boulder and belayed his partner up. However Glamrock refused to look at him and ignored his questions. A while later, sweaty and still caked in white powder, Larderman crawled over the edge looking like a badly lost mime.  
‘Any luck my lead?’ he asked. 
‘None,’ replied the Prince. He took Larderman by the arm and walked to the far side of the ledge. ‘In fact he hasn’t even asked me for spare change or UHT milk.’
Larderman paled, or that may have just been the flour again. ‘Something’s wrong, he’s normally ready to trade at least.’ 
‘Yeah,’ said Rockhard. ‘And I think I know what the problem is.’ A fresh grin in place, he approached Glamrock. ‘Ok! One last time. You see-’
‘Listen, mate, I don’t care what you’re up to and don’t want to know what you’re doing with a ghost on belay. Push off.’  
‘Actually it’s just flour,’ began Larderman before Glamrock cut him off. 
‘Don’t care, tell your story abseiling.’ 
‘Where’s your magic chalk bag?’ asked Rockhard.
Glamrock’s mouth snapped shut. Even the wind quietened down. 
‘Very impressive I’ve heard,’ continued Rockhard. ‘Lights the way and carries entire racks without increasing in weight? Can’t imagine why you’d let go of it when you haven’t found your long lost dollar yet.’ 
Glamrock just sat quiet as the surrounding rock.
‘I think I can help!’ said Rockhard brightly. ‘Why don’t we all just go have a look in your cave? It’s bound to-’ 
A roar cut him off mid-sentence. It rolled around them, working its way up and down in pitch before dwindling to a guttural growl, like an engine idling before being switched off. 
‘…Turn up?’ finished Rockhard. He knew those noises well. They had come from the darkness of the cave and could only be made by one thing. 
‘Larderman!’ he cried. ‘Look out! Possums!’
They came scrambling out of the cave in unison, hissing and flexing their claws. Rearing up on their hind legs they were over six feet tall and almost a double sling width at the shoulders.
These weren’t ordinary possums. These were the Dark Possums, enemy of all climbers; skull collectors that considered tents and sleeping bags nothing more than a semi-edible way to wrap the real food. A couple of daggers hung from their slings but they didn’t need them. They had the muscle and claws to open up a rib cage like it was hinged.
The Prince scrambled for his weaponry but Larderman didn’t hesitate. Twirling fry pans #3 (good for faster moves, notably whacking knees) and #7 (bludgeoning), he leapt towards them and slapped his pocket containing the remainder of the spilled flour. It went off like a smoke grenade, obscuring climbers and possums alike. He made short work of the first possum by taking out its legs before bringing down the #7. A spray of chilli powder into the face of another gave him enough time to forcibly apply a pointed climbing shoe to its groin and fry pan to the face. It went cross-eyed before collapsing, old flakes of porridge now embedded in its forehead. The final possum hastily retreated in the face of dwindling odds, managing to run eleven metres before realising the ledge ended at ten. 
Rockhard listened to the fading screech until it finished with a crash (that particular sound halfway between a crunch and a splash). Larderman meanwhile had already re-stowed his gear and was checking to see if he could salvage any of the flour. Glamrock hadn’t hesitated in getting his chalk bag back from the now prone possum and was checking it either for a pulse or more likely, valuables. 
‘That was incredible,’ said Rockhard smiling. ‘I didn’t know you were such a fighter.’
‘My lead,’ said Larderman, ‘truly you are one of the great climbers in the kingdom, but I prepare meals. You soon learn how to deal with possums.’
Still impressed by this unexpected display of Cook-Fu, Rockhard turned his attention to Glamrock who sat muttering and clutching his retrieved chalk bag. 
‘Glamrock, we’ve helped save your magic chalk bag. Would you say that you owe us?’
‘I wouldn’t say it.’
‘Ok, but the fact is you do. Come on Glamrock, point out a holdiii.’
Glamrock didn’t like being faced with a debt that couldn’t be fixed by stealing someone’s milk. 
‘Alright,’ he said. ‘You’re looking for the Holy Hex right? Been stolen? The Dark Lord Crux is behind it, bet your boots. A terrible enemy he is, lives in his fortress in the Flatlands with his own army.’ 
‘Army?’ asked Rockhard.
Glamrock cocked his head to one side. ‘Where did you think the Dark Possums came from? They knew I’d know something, I hear everything up here. I even know who was hired for the job. A mercenary called The Ogslaught.  
‘Great,’ said Rockhard. ‘Where do we find him?’
‘Ah,’ said Glamrock. ‘Well, better be prepared before you face him or anything else Lord Crux throws at you, Dark Possums are just the start. Then there’s the way there. I don’t know how to do it safely, or at least less dangerously. To find the way there’s one more thing we have to go and consult.’
‘What’s that?’
‘The Philosopher’s Chockstone.’




Chapter 2

“Go up, perhaps a bit sideways. If you reach the bottom too quickly, you’ve gone the wrong way!”
Anonymous and sarcastic climb description.

Larderman stared at the leaves in his hand with a critical eye. Apparently satisfied, he began eating them with every sign of enjoyment. They were from a rare plant and though slightly bitter, the leaves were refreshingly juicy and a good source of energy. Larderman belonged to a select few who knew a great deal about plants with such properties and their survival uses. This being the outdoors, he was also part of an even more select group that carefully checked all natural produce before eating itiv.
He had time to kill so he sat amongst the trees listening to birds chatter. This area was a long bush bash from multiple paths that had dwindled to nothing. He made himself comfortable while Rockhard and Glamrock travelled to and fro, trying to find the way to the rumoured resting place of the Philosopher’s Chockstone – a rocky crag of rare power. However, frustrations were mounting. After days travelling at Glamrock’s instruction they’d hit a wall. Or rather, they hadn’t. It was more trees, opening to the occasional boulder-scattered plain, then trekking back into scattered bushland. Complete with chest high scrub and just enough trees around to block any long view. 
Rockhard was fuming. 
‘You said you had the walk in description!’ he snapped.
‘I do!’ replied Glamrock. ‘I got us to the right gully! I’m sure of it! Then past the small bent over tree, left at the flowers of blue and red, keep going through the scrub for half a scramble, the rest will be easy.’
‘One,’ said Rockhard, counting on his fingers, ‘small trees grow. Two, flowers bloom in season. And scrub, like everything else around here, burns down occasionally! What use is a guide if it’s based on things that change all the time?’
‘Don’t get nasty with me your highness, I’ll find it.’
Rockhard turned away to keep his temper under control. Looking around something caught his eye. Light sparkled off an object through the trees. With an excited shout Rockhard scrambled though the undergrowth, Glamrock and Larderman in surprised pursuit. 
‘I think we found it!’ he crowed. 
He followed the winking light through the trees, pushing branches out of the way and stumbling over roots. The bushland opened up to a short flat space of rock leading to a crag, standing curiously alone like an old abandoned castle. Potential lines started clearly enough; heading up and across the face but blurred higher up. The top half of the crag couldn’t be clearly observed. The entire thing could be seen clearly enough, but like a trick drawing that gives you a headache, the moment you focussed on trying to gauge the route it went blurry. Not that Rockhard noticed, he concentrated on the first thing he saw. The flash of colour and shine carried his eye to an abandoned piece of climbing equipment in the cliff face, about five metres off the ground. 
 ‘Larderman! Glamrock! I think we have booty!’
‘I saw it fir-’ began Glamrock but he was too late. The prince was already scrambling up the face to get it. Larderman shielded his eyes and took a better look. Hmm, a crack line, looks like an expandable crackgrab. He dimly remembered the sales pitch for that piece of equipment; for times when the crack flares out and your arse contracts in!
For Rockhard, the climbing wasn’t difficult. With a foot and hand firmly placed he reached out and –
‘I wouldn’t do that if I were you.’ 
It wasn’t immediately clear where the voice came from.
‘Who are you?’ demanded Rockhard.
‘I’m the Philosophising Chockstone,’ came the reply.
‘I thought it was Philosopher’s Chockstone?’
‘Common mistake,’ said the mysterious voice. ‘I belong to no one as I’ve been stuck here almost six hundred years.’
Rockhard looked back up at the booty piece. A #3 crackgrab!
‘Look,’ he said. ‘Just give me a sec, it’s almost within reach…’
‘Funny,’ continued the voice. ‘That’s what I said almost six hundred years ago.’
Rockhard’s hand froze mid-reach, before retreating to a lower hold. Maybe some restraint was in order after all.
‘Oh, Philophers-ing Chockstone,’ began Rockhard, looking around from his perch. ‘Yea, we seek answers for our quest to sav-’
‘Yeah, run it past me in a sec,’ said the Philosophising Chockstone.
‘But first, get your foot off me!’

*********************************************

Many miles away in a bakery in the land of Restop, a deal was being struck. Restop was a popular but unusual place. Like climbing itself, it offered lots of joy but would quickly kill you if you tried the wrong thing or went to the wrong place. It is a geographical bullseye at the centre of several other bordering lands. All of which had swapped threats, diplomatic freezes and outright conflict throughout their histories. But not the buffer that is Restop. As a country it had survived like the piano player in a Wild West saloon. It was entertaining, non-threatening and always ready to stop playing and leap to safety. Every world, continent and region eventually needs it or something like it; a place that doesn’t take sides – only money. A place where all the various beings and factions could meet or rather, casually run into each other with no expectations and have the opportunity to do a little business or politicking. Restop was the logical choice given its neutrality, ease of access and low likelihood of getting your head kicked in for being one of those kinds locals inevitably don’t like. As travellers poured in the famed bakeries developed – a major feature of Restop. The Master Bakers developed their art in security and comfort, resulting in an amazing and diverse range of bakeries and hospitality services for the discerning traveller. There are differences in style of course. There are bakeries where a king could comfortably eat. Then there are those where he could comfortably hide – amongst other careful strangers, all seemingly absorbed in their coffee and vanilla slice…  
In one such bakery of the latter variety, a mercenary known as “Ogslaught” (The Ogslaught officially), sat back in his chair, allowing a waiter ample space as a coffee was lowered. The change in posture looked relaxed, but it also brought the weaponsv hanging from his vest into greater focus. Tinkling slightly from a shaky hand, the coffee surprised a gecko that had been foraging for crumbs on the table. Alarmed, it ran up Ogslaught’s arm and settled into its usual place on his shoulder. The waiter made a quick retreat in case there was offence at the gecko’s discomfort. Ogslaught was a strong tipper, the strongest tip being: ‘don’t get on my bad side.’ 
He reached for his coffee, staring at the figure seated opposite. It was difficult to make out any real detail given the level of shadow. Not that this mattered. Ogslaught knew who it was and everyone else would have probably found it wise not to enquire. It was certainly a big shadow. 
‘So,’ said Ogslaught, ‘I have the item but then there is the matter of payment.’
A pouch was pushed across the uneven and chipped woodwork of the table to him.
‘Thanks so much. Uh, do you mind?’ he said pointing.
A sugar pot was also pushed out of the shadows.
‘Ta.’
The figure opposite Ogslaught gave a guttural growl, eyes reflecting lamplight in the general gloom. Angry Possum (like the Castle Ghost, both a title and a description) began drumming a set of claws on the table, scoring fresh marks on the wood.  
‘Yes all right, we had a contract. Here.’ Ogslaught pulled a bag from underneath the table and passed it across into the shadows. There was a tearing noise as it was inspected, followed by a relieved sigh. 
‘Gooood,’ Angry Possum growled.  ‘But we have a problem.’
Ogslaught stirred sugar into his coffee and sighed. Clients always sprang more work on him when they inevitably failed to expect the unexpected. Still, it’s what kept him in business. 
‘No,’ he said flatly. ‘We don’t have a problem. I am paid vast amounts to deal with other people’s problems. Without said payments negotiated, I’ll be on my way.’ 
The possum hissed and slammed its fist into the table, making Ogslaught’s coffee jump and spill. 
‘No! Need your services, there are heroes interfering.’
This outburst renewed the silence in the bakery. Customers made sure they stayed focussed on their menus or the cake display. It was all too easy to accidentally see too much. In this place, even a glance could be fatal. 
‘Idealists,’ said Ogslaught flatly. ‘How lovely. Crater them on your own. Do the usual thing, fake a rock fall in their living room or pretend you were looking for leftovers in their ribcage and they suddenly expired, whatever.’ 
‘Difficult,’ said the possum. ‘What’s your price?’
Ogslaught leaned on the table, avoiding the spilled coffee and levelly returned the eerie, lamp-lit stare.
‘Vast.’ 

*********************************************

Back at the crag of the Philosophising Chockstone, Rockhard, Larderman and Glamrock had been brought up to speed and like in the bakery, a deal was being struck. 
The Philosophising Chockstone had once been a climber too. However, he fell prey to the curse that almost claimed Rockhard when he’d reached for the abandoned gear. Centuries earlier, a climber with dark powers had attempted the same line without success. He placed his favourite piece of pro at his weakest point but couldn’t go on. He had to rap off to safety but couldn’t bear the thought of anyone else taking his gear as booty. So he cursed both it and the cliff that claimed it. Anyone who attempted to use or remove this piece would lose their most important climbing gear.
‘Like what?’ Rockhard asked. ‘Rope? Hexes?’
‘Their hands,’ replied the Philosophising Chockstone. ‘Or even their entire body and occasionally their belay partner. It’s quite whimsical as far as curses go.’
This dampened their enthusiasm for retrieving the booty but the Philosophising Chockstone (‘call me Phil’), struck a deal. The basic problem was that like so many others, his spirit was trapped in the cliff face, specifically in a chockstone, wedged in a crack just off the ground. But unlike the others, he was slowly pushing his way out. 
Instead of just being a consciousness stuck in rock, he had developed the ability to speak through this crag and at most points in it. From this vantage point he could see into other cliffs across the lands, learning their secrets and routes. He spent his centuries locked in rock learning as much as he could, pondering his fate, the fates of others, the secrets of thousands of crags and unhurried philosophy in general. 
While he could see during this research at the other cliffs, unlike at his own crag he couldn’t speak or hear what was going on. Amongst the foreign cliffs he learnt their dimensions, the texture of the rock and the ease of the walk-offs. But he didn’t know anything about the calls being made, the impact of wind or the discussions climbers were having around him. It was like being behind soundproofed, one-way glass. Peering out wherever he liked and passing on what he chose to those few who found his cursed crag. 
The climbers that wisely decided not to take the cursed booty (a smaller number still), sometimes made it back into the larger climbing world, impressing others with their knowledge of crags and climbs no known climber had been to. Then around the campfire at night after many drinks, the stories would begin. Stories of the cursed crag, a rock that speaks eloquently and at great length, curses and the opportunities offered by the knowledge of the Philosophising Chockstone. Being climbers, the leaders of the party would also embellish with a few dramatic moves, dynos, solo ascents and witty banter that the rest of the group didn’t remember, but no matter. Everyone expects that sort of thing.
Whilst travelling, silent and deaf, from cliff to cliff, Phil knew nothing of this. He didn’t know how his reputation was growing while the storytellers jealously guarded the secret of his location. Often taking this new knowledge to their sudden graves at the bottom of a climb when he’d neglected to mention something vital. Such details weren’t intentionally left out, he just had other things on his mind. Seeking out routes just gave him something to bargain with and a little entertainment with the climbers who made it to his crag. 
Like it or not, they would help Phil with his escape plan. 
The main problem was that despite his ability to travel to other cliffs, he was largely blind to the features of his own cursed crag. In direct contrast to every other cliff, he could speak and hear through this one, but not see except for following the progress of someone already on the face. Therefore he was unable to check the entire route for himself and so he needed someone else to be his eyes and more importantly – hands. 
In short, he needed Rockhard to clip into the forbidden booty and finish the climb. That should break the curse or at least give him the chance to release himself from the grip of the cliff. Perhaps not as man, it was too late for that. But if the cliff released the chockstone his spirit inhabited, that would be enough. Only then would he tell Rockhard how to get into the lands and fortress of Lord Crux. They agreed and began preparations. 
 ‘Right,’ said Phil. ‘First off you won’t need to worry so much about chalk.’ 
‘Not worry?’ said Rockhard indignantly. ‘This chalk is familyvi!’
‘Trust me, no chalk for the first pitch. I’ll talk you through it, it’ll be like I’m there the whole time.’
‘Will you be?’
‘Yes and no. With my current incorporeal form sealed in a physical stony shell it’s a hard question to answer. Kind of a “wave and particle” sort of thing. Understand?’
‘No.’
‘Fortunately you don’t need to. But first we need to grease you up. Get your belay chef.’
Rockhard wasn’t sure how he got into this. But against all experience he consented to Phil’s plan and let his companions vigorously cover him with butter and lard from head to toe. He kept his chalk bag but wasn’t sure how much use it was going to be. 
Still unsure and smelling like a pan after a fry-up, he climbed up to the cursed booty. 
‘Testing?’ said Phil. Like before it sounded like he was right beside him. 
‘Yes, I can hear you.’
‘Great, now clip into the booty and start to climb as fast as you can and get ready to dodge. I’ll talk you up this and the next two pitches.’
Rockhard paused. ‘Wait a minute. If you got cursed trying to retrieve this piece and you can’t see through the crag, how come you know so much about the next few pitches?’
‘Trial and error.’
The Prince considered this. ‘Ok I’m still not with you. If you only got to here and-’
‘Look you’re not the first climber to get here alright? Some got further than others and each time someone got a little further I followed every attempt and now you can benefit from all that experience!’ 
Rockhard looked more closely at the cliff face. Vague lines of rock looked like facial expressions, the occasional nub bore the resemblance of a nose or the outline of a person. It was suddenly clear what had happened to the other climbers. 
‘Gahvii help me,’ he muttered. 
With butter running down his brow he brought the rope up to the crackgrab. The long neglected biner creaked open to let the rope in and shut again with a snap. At that sound the cliff face erupted in stone hands, all blindly reaching and grabbing. The Prince kicked back off the cliff and swung on the slack attached to the cursed crackgrab. He could see now that the next twenty metres or so was a seething mass of hands that grabbed at anything. Rockhard swung back into the wall and kicked out again, watching an unfortunate lizard that had been grabbed in the seconds since the hands emerged. It slowly stopped thrashing as it fossilised before the Prince’s eyes then melted into the cliff face, leaving nothing but a vague outline in the rock. 
Phil’s yelling snapped him out of his shock. ‘Dyno! Quick!’
Rockhard swung back onto the cliff face, stomped on two hands and leapt, Larderman furiously throwing out armfuls of slack. Rockhard leap-frogged up the cliff, stone hands slipping as they kept trying to grab the greasy hero and were left with nothing. Finally out of breath and covered in rock-inflicted scratches, Rockhard climbed beyond the hands to a decent ledge. 
‘Phil?’ he said. ‘I think I’m-’
He suddenly flew backwards, stopped only by grabbing onto a nearby jug, groaning with the effort of holding on. He looked down and could see all the hands had now realised what was on the end of the rope going past them and were violently pulling. His feet scrambled for a purchase back on the ledge as he grabbed a flake of rock and began hacking at the taut rope. With fingers failing the rope snapped with an ease that would worry him later on and he was propelled back onto the ledge. 
Rockhard stood panting before a terrible thought occurred and he yelled down.
‘Larderman! Untie! Quick!’
He stood waiting for a few seconds.
‘Larderman? Safe! Quick you have to untie!’
Larderman meanwhile lay in a pile with Glamrock at the bottom of the cliff. They were a few centimetres from the hands with a long groove in the dirt marking the path to their original belay spot. When the rope had suddenly began violently pulling Larderman forward, Glamrock jumped on him but they were both dragged until the rope was cut with a #17 cheese knife. 
‘Safe!’ called Larderman. ‘Now thanks but get off me Glamrock.’ 
Grateful though he was, the old hermit had hygiene issues that made even climbers think twice about getting close. Regardless of the danger or temperature. 
‘Well done,’ said Phil back up on the belay ledge. ‘Never known them to grab the rope before. Must note that for next time…’
His heart still beating in his ears, Rockhard got ready for the second pitch. Previously named by Phil as “Pendulous”. 
‘Ok,’ said Phil. This bit is tricky, it’s crackgrabs all the way. C’mon, break ’em out. Two #3s should do it; one in each hand.’
‘Wait,’ said Rockhard paling. ‘Surely not… Aid climb? The entire thing!?’
‘Trust me, it’s more reliable and you’re going to need your hands in good shape later.’
‘B…but…’ stammered Rockhard. ‘It isn’t… good. Mum always said that would send me blind!’
A weary sigh came from the cliff face. Although he could only see rock, the Prince felt there were eyes being rolled in his direction. 
‘Look,’ said Phil, ‘hanging off your gear is the best way of getting up and a legitimate part of the climb, you’ll see what I mean.’
There was a bulge to overcome before Rockhard would officially start the next pitch. He dusted some Uncle Ronald on his hands, clipped the crackgrabs to first position on his harness and made his way up. But as soon as he got over the bulge he stopped. There was no crack to climb. The face was completely bare.
‘Wait for it,’ said Phil, apparently reading his thoughts. 
Rockhard looked up as high as he could. He could see a crack at least a fist and a half wide. Like a the big hand of a clock pointing at three, it ran from the cliff’s centre above him, to the far right edge – almost horizontal. What use was a crack that ran from the centre of the cliff along the top of the pitch? It was at least fifty metres away, up below the next ledge. 
‘…And here we go,’ said Phil. 
The crack appeared to be getting closer to Rockhard, swinging down and across the face. But the rocks themselves weren’t cracking or moving. It was like the crack itself was always moving to a different position where it had seemingly always been. The start of the crack was now in the middle of the cliff. The rest swung on, picking up speed as it went. 
Like a pendulum thought Rockhard, light dawning as Phil yelled:
‘NOW!’ 
The crack rushed past and Rockhard jammed the crackgrab in. He was pulled of the ledge and swung along with the crack as it carried along with its journey up the other side of the cliff. 
‘Ooooooossshhhiiiiit!’ 
Rockhard flapped along behind the crack, bouncing off the face as it made it’s way back up the to the end of the arc where it was almost level on the other side of the cliff. Nearly horizontal again, the dazed Prince dangled from the crackgrab. 
‘Quick!’ screamed Phil. ‘Move! Second crackgrab! Go!’
Rockhard began scrambling for the second crackgrab but the crack restarted the slow but accelerating trip back towards the bottom of the pitch.
‘Ooooooossshhhiiiiit!’ 
The crack got to the far position again but this time Rockhard was ready. He forced in the second crackgrab further along before releasing the first one. The crack continued its swinging arcs with Rockhard flapping like a flag as he bounced off the rock face. With each pause he worked the crackgrabs up higher before the punishing swing began again. He thought the worst came when he threw up on the face halfway through but he was wrong. It turned out the worst part was swinging back through that spot on each successive arc, motivating him to climb even faster. 
Pale and unable to shake the sensation of taking a dozen lead falls in quick succession, he made it to the centre, stepped up and topped out on the next belay ledge. 
‘Made it.’
‘Nice one,’ said Phil. ‘Thought you were going to lose your grip just after your lunch, but here we are.’ 
Rockhard wiped his mouth with his arm and took a few deep breaths. 
‘So now what Phil? What do you know about the last pitch?’
‘Uhh, just the name. Flipside.’
‘The name!? Just the name!?’ 
‘Yes. Flipside,’ Phil repeated. 
Rockhard rested his forehead against the cool rock and closed his eyes. 
‘How can you only know the name if you’ve been catching all this trial and error?’
‘Weeell this is sort of where the trial ends. Generally there was only error from here on in. Only three others got this far, the last guy yelled the name on his way down.’
‘What kind of climber names the pitch as he craters?’ asked Rockhard.
‘A professional,’ replied Phil in a sniffy voice. ‘Now come on, up you get. If something does go wrong try to get into as much detail as you can on the way down. It’s surprising how much you can say in that time.’ 
Rockhard looked up at the climb. It didn’t seem to pose any immediate threat, but that was the trouble. Things that don’t pose an immediate threat are only that way because they wait for you to make the first move. Danger can have a remarkable sense of patience. 
There were a few small vertical cracks, some crimps, good feet, and decent handholds. It appeared innocent but was unnerving. Like finding a cuddly toy that had set off an explosives detector at the airport. Tentatively, Rockhard reached out and grabbed a handhold.
Nothing. The rock didn’t burst forth with hands, move or do anything except sit there and continue its stubborn resistance to erosion. Confidence growing he went up another move. 
Still nothing.
Feeling better, he re-positioned his feet, stood up, moved a hand to almost full stretch – and fell.
It came as a surprise, he wasn’t ready to fall. He certainly wasn’t ready to fall up. But that’s what happened. Head first he plunged up the cliff, scraping up along the face until a wedged hand held and flipped him upside down, feet dangling towards the sky. Bleeding and with an arm that now felt longer than the other, Rockhard surveyed his options. So a climb that randomly reverses gravity? Ok then. 
Theoretically he could “fall” to the top of the climb but who says he’d stop there? At least the sky didn’t have any obvious hard bits. Then again, neither did the middle of the ocean and he wouldn’t want to fall into that either.
Thus strangely inverted, he tried to painfully down climb up the cliff (a confusing concept). But gravity soon reverted to its traditional setting and in the sudden change he only stopped himself from falling headfirst to the ground by wildly grabbing a small outcrop of rock. Almost wrenching his shoulder out of joint and forcing him to shuffle around and climb in the normal way again. 
After about half an hour and multiple falls, Rockhard decided a re-think was in order. Clearly going in one direction wasn’t going to work as he was pulled off the face with each feet-over-face gravity flip. Also the constant slips and tumbles were dragging him up and down the cliff face like cheese being grated. He couldn’t hope to keep catching himself each time. Sooner or later he’d plunge to the ground or be flung into the sky. Where he’d either come down again with the same result or fly into the sun for all he knew.
Then it hit him. You don’t go up or down! It’s sideways! With some sweating and swearing he placed himself sideways on the face and prepared to complete the hardest damn traverse of his life. 
‘Oh that’s good!’ said Phil, listening to Rockhard’s muttered comments. ‘No one’s thought of that before. Sounds hard though… Is it hard?’
‘…FF…KOFF…’ managed Rockhard through gritted teeth. He struggled along what he was trying to think of as a standard traverse. Trying to ignore the endless sky to his right and the solid ground to his left. 
The force of gravity swung back and forth a few more times, but it was more easily managed when you weren’t going head over heels each time. Eventually a shaking bloodied hand came over the top of the climb. It was quickly joined by another and then a sack of adrenalin known as his body came over. 
‘Faaark!’
Rockhard lay on his back panting; admiring the sky he was no longer in any danger of reaching. His exhausted euphoria was suddenly being poked in the back by something underneath him. He sat up and Phil’s chockstone morphed out of the cliff top. 
‘Finally!’ said Phil. ‘Free! Still a rock but we can work on that. Did better than the rest of you buggers!’
Rockhard scooped him up. ‘So you’ll help me then.’
‘Of course your majesty,’ said Phil, ‘the way to Lord Crux and the Holy Hex is yours, whatever I can do to help.’
‘What about the way off this climb?’
‘Ah. Trial and error.’




Chapter 3

“The gear is so expensive I can’t afford a drug habit.”
A line used by young people to explain the upside of climbing to their parents.

The climbing party departed Phil’s crag, travelling through grassy hills and rolling vistas with little regard. This terrain was suitable for agriculture and oil paintings, but given the lack of rocky outcrops it wasn’t really useful in the scheme of things. After a few days however, the landscape changed. Over a final hill a forest appeared, seeming to spring out of the ground like a sudden guard rail to prevent you getting any further. 
This was Problem Forest of the woodieland realm – land of the Boulderers. The trees clustered tightly together, blocking out most of the light with overlapping lower branches and foliage to discourage entry. Dense and slightly foreboding, it didn’t threaten, but strongly recommended a different path. One step in Problem Forest halved the temperature and two steps could get you lost. 
A mountain rose up in the centre of the forest, ridges and smaller hills leading into the rocky and snow-capped summit. Like a castle under attack, a green army surrounded it in a siege that had lasted thousands of years. The trees advanced out of the plains to seize the base of the mountain. Which in turn counter-attacked with erosion and the millennia’s worth of boulders that had been hurled down into the valley, clearing patches that previously held trees or unfortunate bush walkers. Not that it made much difference in the long run. Both spaces were inevitably filled with both trees and more bush walkers. Not to mention the Boulderers that would appear to inspect this latest offering from the mountain. They used these boulders for their sport, treating them with caution and respect. After all, you never knew if the mountain might take offence and send another offering the size of a house crashing towards you. 
Rockhard took the lead; the others quietly fell into step behind him, and in an unspoken agreement they stopped walking quite so far apart. It was getting dark when they entered and they were looking for a decent place to camp. They would have waited until daylight to enter Problem Forest, but received a visit from the Castle Ghost. He told them the castle was beginning to sway ever so slightly in the breeze and cracks were forming in the basements. He had to leave to appear back at the castle to help with the stabilising efforts. 
Time was against them. So against normal wisdom and sense, they pushed on into the forest. Things got worse as there were trails but no indication they led anywhere or if they did, that they were heading in a useful direction. Phil alternated between annoyance and enthusiasm about his surroundings. He hadn’t stopped talking since they came down from the crag where they got him. Given the centuries he’d spent exploring cliffs, he was very knowledgeable and starved for attention. So Phil spoke and spoke and spoke some more. He told them of the connections between cliffs, the anger of the consciousnesses remaining in the rock and some of his theories. Not to mention his get-rich-quick scheme for when he had flesh and the associated pleasures. 
‘What do you mean?’ they’d asked.
‘Guidebooks!’ 
Partly to speed the others up and partly to escape the one-way conversation, Rockhard strode ahead. 
‘Come one!’ he cried. ‘I’ve found a kind of a track. It’s pretty good going – we’ll be out of here and at Restop in no time.’
‘My lead,’ said Larderman, ‘are you sure it was such a good idea to enter the forest as it was getting dark?’
‘It was bloody stupid,’ muttered Phil, abandoning his stories for an editorial. 
‘There’s no serious danger,’ said Rockhard loudly. ‘It’s just a forest, I’m sure there are settlements here. They’ll be fortified and safe.’
‘Fortified? Safe?’ muttered Phil, ‘which infers they’re protected from dangers we currently aren’t?’
‘Just be philosophical Phil.’
‘Ok, you’re an idiot.’
‘That’s philosophy is it?’ said Rockhard, glaring down at the rock. 
‘Certainly, consider it the discovery of a truth.’
Rockhard didn’t reply. There was no point encouraging someone who had spent centuries gaining knowledge and losing social skills. Instead he forged ahead, wishing the forest didn’t specialise in branches at groin height and spider webs at head height. 
Larderman’s ears pricked up and he cocked his head to one side. He’d heard a couple of twigs snap. At first he didn’t think it was that unusual. There were plenty of non-lethal night creatures out there, plus their own progress was loud enough. He put it down to the sudden dark and accompanying nerves. But then again, these sounds were different than their group’s passage through the forest. Most climbers are notoriously poor at stealth, having grown up in conditions where yelling at someone is the best way to ensure you don’t fall to your death. This group was no exception, stomping through the undergrowth with snatches of conversation and the occasional curse. But there was something about this noise, now accompanied by branches being moved and rustles that didn’t fit in with the noise they were making. A leaf twirled past his face and he realised:
None of these extra noises were being made at ground level. 
The penny dropped just as the Dark Possums did. They came hissing and roaring as they ran down trunks or leapt from low branches. The climbing party leapt into reaction. Which is to say, they leapt away from the action. Rockhard and Larderman produced weapons, swinging and slashing at any hissing monstrosity that came within reach. Glamrock tried to hide behind them, preferring to be accidently hit by friends than deliberately disembowelled by a possum. 
‘Run!’ yelled Rockhard. They scrambled off the path and ran through the rough undergrowth. The climbers jinked and dodged though the forest, using whatever cover they could make out. Unfortunately possums have excellent night vision and were the only ones that could see sudden obstacles in the dark. The climbers were gaining distance, when at full steam Larderman ran headlong into a branch stretched across his path. It caught him on the forehead and he flew back into the ground unconscious. His head falling into soft mud, then his body and lastly his feet. 
Rockhard and Glamrock dragged the unconscious chef under a fallen tree propped just off the ground by rocks. He gave a small moan and rolled into a depression made by a long-collapsed tunnel of an unknown animal. 
Rockhard peered through some ferns as Glamrock fussed over Larderman. He could hear Phil offering whispered advice like: ‘check his breathing and don’t go through his pockets yet.’
He bit his lip as something caught his eye. There were lights in the distance. They were scattered high amongst the trees – a village! 
Rockhard tapped Glamrock. ‘Village,’ he whispered, pointing. ‘We can make it if we run.’
Glamrock looked out at the Dark Possums again. They were hissing and growling in the dark, searching the trees for their lost prey. He looked back, pale and wide-eyed at Rockhard but shrugged. Climbers are used to going further when death is probable. Taking action is the only option and if it goes wrong, you only feel regret for as long as the fall takes. This was no different.
They shuffled around under the log and each grabbed one of Larderman’s arms. Rockhard mimed carrying Larderman, then held up three fingers. Glamrock nodded. 
One finger was lowered. 
Two fingers were lowered.
Rockhard took a deep breath but was cut off as Glamrock frantically waved a hand in his face and pointed up the track. A possum had wandered on to the track between them and the settlement and wasn’t shifting. It growled and sniffed the air, looking around. 
‘One of us has to distract it so we can pull him out,’ whispered Rockhard, motioning to Larderman. Glamrock looked out at the possum and back at Rockhard. Their eyes met and they both looked down at who was in Glamrock’s chalk bag.
Further up the track, Growly Cheesethief was looking for the climbers. He was not a happy possum, but that tended to go without saying. He flexed his claws and grumbled to himself. Knowing his luck one of the others would find them first and claim all scavenging rights. It would be too much to hope they had cheese on them, or that there would be any left. His affinity for cheese gave him his last name and his vast intakes of it contributed to his first. Even now he wore a pained expression as his digestion loudly asked him not to move too quickly. 
Behind him, someone yelled ‘oy!’ In a fast and flatulent movement, he turned to see the climbers and heard someone grunt with sudden effort. 
He began to roar but was interrupted by a thrown and screaming philosopher, approaching at speed.
‘OOOOAAAAAAAAARRRRRGGHHH!’ 
WHAM!
Like Larderman before him, the back of Growly Cheesethief’s head hit the ground before anything else. Phil rolled to a stop next to him and was picked up by Glamrock as they all dashed over the now prone possum. He stashed Phil in his chalk bag, but not before hearing a triumphant yell.
‘Cop that Jimmy!’
Their prey reacquired, the rest of the possums streamed out of the trees. The climbers ran for their lives, feet pounding along the path towards the settlement. They had a good head start on the possums behind them but dozens more boiled out the bushes and cut them off. Rockhard looked around wildly but they were surrounded. He couldn’t effectively wield a weapon while carrying Larderman and dropping him would leave him defenceless. 
‘Shut your eyes!’ yelled Glamrock, holding up his chalk bag. 
That was a tough order with so many things to keep in his line of sight, but Rockhard obeyed just in time. Glamrock’s chalk bag lit up like the sun coming out from behind a cloud. The sudden incandescent flare dazzled the possums who appeared unable to look away. After a few seconds it began to dim and the climbers charged through the unresisting lines of dazed possums, scattering them as they ran. 
Purple spots exploding in his sight, Rockhard and the others sprinted down the path. They were now within shouting distance of the settlement, although they barely had the breath for it. They could see watchtowers but nothing resembling a fortified gate. The pass between the towers led right into the village. Stumbling and gasping, they were now close enough to see by the light of the watchtowers when they were flung back by an invisible force. It was like running into a soft rubber wall that had the tensile strength of diamond. 
‘Friend, feral or possum?’ called out a voice above. 
‘Friend!’ replied Rockhard and Glamrock in unison. 
‘So you’re not with them then?’ asked the voice. 
Rockhard turned around. The Dark Possums were tearing up the ground in their haste to do the same to the climbers.
‘We bloody will be if you don’t open up!’ he called up. 
There was some whispering and popping noises and the voice called out again. 
‘All right! Come on through then, it won’t stop you.’ 
They ran in past the watchtowers with no problem this time – almost crashing into the collection of serious and burly looking men waiting for them. The Dark Possums outside hit the barrier with a lot more trouble. After a few vain attempts at getting through, they retreated. Hissing and cursing as they headed back into the dark forest.
Rockhard gently lowered Larderman and caught his breath while looking around. The group that met them just beyond the watchtowers didn’t look friendly. They had the smug, uninterested look of overpaid thugs and minor power wielders everywhere. The largest of their reception committee looked down and grinned unpleasantly. 
‘Right you lot, listen up. You can leave your sleepy friend here; he’ll be taken care of. But bringing possums here? I dunno, that’s serious…’
He paused. Possibly for effect but he may also not be used to speaking that much in one go.
‘Lord Fock will want to see you.’
Rockhard wondered if he felt the same. 
A short distance from the village, a gecko ran to and fro on the still unconscious Growly Cheesethief. Ogslaught crouched nearby, examining the tracks and taking note of the possums that still had trouble seeing straight. He stood up and brushed dirt off his hands, staring into the nearby glow of the settlement. 
‘So a barrier then?’ he said, addressing no one in particular. Almost unconsciously, his hand went to a small black bag clipped to his waist.
‘For now.’




Chapter 4

“What’s said on the wall stays on the wall.”
A climbing rule to preserve relationships from what may be said during stressful times.

Rockhard and his companions were escorted to the main settlement of the Boulderers. Glamrock was no stranger to grim stares and there were many on offer. Children darted away when he stared back but their parents weren’t so cowed. Most just crossed their arms and glared right back at him. 
‘Friendly aren’t they?’ said Glamrock. 
‘Given the history of the Boulderers, I’d say they started at unfriendly before you brought a battalion of Dark Possums to their door,’ Phil replied. 
‘Whatever, they didn’t get in. What about Lord Fock? What do you know about him?’
‘I know it isn’t his name.’
‘It is! I heard them say it.’
‘No you heard a title. Lord Fock comes from what you upper slope rock climbers called the boulderers – The Fockers. As in Fake Rock climbers. I suppose they took being excluded and mocked personally…’
Rockhard knew better than to get involved in a debate with Phil. He went into verbal battles armed, with statements and questions both loaded and ready to fire in quick succession. 
But Phil had a point about Boulderers being excluded and everyone knew it. The climber’s history of Topout was fraught with divisions. All summarised as Who did What to Who, with all depending on Who said it and Where. In the early days, humans stopped crawling and began walking upright. Then they found climbing and began crawling again – this time vertically. People moved to different areas, created different types of climbing and the Tribes began. They specialised, adapted to the different contours or features of their land. They all excelled in their own ways but it wasn’t long before suspicion or outright contempt for others began. The end result being climbers using whatever purchase they had to look down on each other. 
Crack climbers were dismissive of the Face Only Clan, who in turn mocked the Slab People of Upper Granite, who took care to clip in and then hurl abuse at someone else and on it went. Then the divisions went further, with not only the choice of terrain coming under attack, but the whole approach to climbing philosophy. Fair weather or snow only? Aid or not? In the race for extremes some went far, such as the Ferals. These were a group of excellent climbers that developed their skill by ignoring largely everything else. They scavenged, soloed and scrabbled up the hardest climbs, powered by old milk, someone else’s vegetables and a burning passion. Sadly, these divisions continued until outright war erupted between the tribes. 
The battles raged for control of the crags or perhaps just to make a point. Not all fared well and some, like the Ferals, beat a hasty retreat to less hospitable places and became increasingly scattered and hostile. Others including the Boulderers retreated to places like Problem Forest. There they remained unmolested because who wants to climb a tree or boulder anyway? Besides, having them within reach of the crags didn’t matter so long as they only took the bottom. They were mocked and shunned from other avenues of climbing life. But the Boulderer’s took the fake rock climber’s label and created a proud title from it. The Fock would be the one who ruled them, guided and watched under them – hands held out in case they slipped. 
So they crept away into Problem Forest with its solid trees and plentiful boulders supplied by the mountain above. They let the rest of the lands squabble or settle down as they saw fit. They developed their bouldering art and even included a new speciality for trees. This became known as bot (botanical) climbing. All this was largely lost of the outside world. The Boulderers stayed resentful of the others and kept their secrets close. 
Rockhard tried to stay quiet and ignore the guard’s attempts to get a rise out of him. The Rockhard clan were fortunate to get some of the best crags in those battles. People on the winning side of wars that dispossessed others usually use that position to say “so nyer”. But not when said dispossessed people suddenly possess them. It’s not an attitude that travels well.
The guards took pleasure in marching them to Lord Fock. It was like seeing kids in school who know they’re in the clear, watching someone having to explain a broken window to an angry teacher. 
‘Ooh, I dunno,’ one said to no one in particular. ‘Bringing possums here, lucky we had The Excluder up.’
‘Lucky for the possums that is,’ replied another.
‘Yeah, totally.’
This didn’t bode well for Rockhard and his companions. He knew he had to give his explanations quickly before they were dragged off and bouldered: a punishment where the unlucky victims were chained to a boulder and subsequently rolled down a hill. While it was widely acknowledge that everyone came loose eventually, they weren’t in much shape to be grateful for the fact.  
They were lead through the centre of the village. Various hangers-on (literally) watched from holds that had been attached or worked into building walls and trees. Even Phil was impressed with the construction – buildings merged with the larger trees and extra stories continued up the trunks and on further branches. The architecture seemed to compliment the duel efforts of climbers and the trees. Rope bridges between adjacent trees attracted vines and branch growth. Eventually the link was strong enough to take bigger structures and on it went. They were led through an entrance in a trunk, which led up to a wide platform with a throne in the middle. It sat on top of a stone circle about two metres high, dotted with holds and was topped by a fingerboard. 
Lord Fock sat in front of it, his back to the group. He idly drummed his fingers on the ground then appeared to make a decision. He leaned forward, placed his feet and then sprang up to the throne only relying on one hand. He moved his chalk bag around to his front so he could sit down and stared at the group as a servant removed his shoes. 
‘So,’ he said staring down at them, ‘these are the ones that brought the possums?’
‘They bloody chased us!’ said Glamrock indignantly.
‘So you confess then,’ replied Fock evenly. ‘Alright, let them be bouldered, I need to stretch.’
‘Wait, he doesn’t speak for us,’ said Rockhard. ‘I am Prince Rockhard of-
‘Oh yes?’ Fock paused in the act of stretching an arm behind his back. ‘So you think you deserve a chance? Perhaps it’s different when it’s your lot having debris hurled on them?’
The gathered watchers righteously rhubarbed like any supportive mob. 
‘Bring Dark Possums here and expect special treatment? What can you possibly offer us?’ asked Fock. 
(hissrhubarboodoeshethinkheiswankerrhubarb)
Rockhard knew better than to try to bribe him. Fock looked like he had all the position and climbing snacks he could need. He was just looking for more reason to chain them to the boulder. 
‘Perhaps we can work something out?’ he tried. ‘Between our people?’ We can help each other? We face the same problems after all.’
Fock snorted at this. ‘What do you possibly think affects us both?’
Outside the village, Ogslaught crept through the undergrowth. He waved a stick ahead of him as he came nearer to the vague haze that indicated The Excluder. Satisfied it wasn’t overly dangerous, he moved forward and unclipped a velvet bag from his harness. Angry Possum watched sceptically from a short distance away. Ogslaught seemed to be doing something with an item he got from his harness. After a few seconds he put it back in the bag and looked straight back. Then with a wink, he put two fingers in his mouth and whistled. 
A guard near the front of village stopped leaning against a tree and looked around. 
‘Did you hear that?’ he said, nudging his companion who looked up from his book. 
‘What?’
‘Someone whistled out there. Something’s going on.’
‘So what? They’ve tried it before and…’
To demonstrate his unspoken point, the second guard stepped forward and kicked a stone at the Excluder as hard as he could. But instead of the expected result of stopping in mid-air about ten metres away, it sailed into the forest and struck something in the undergrowth.
That began growling. 
Huuuuuurrrrrrrghhhhrrrrrrrrrrhhssssssrrrrrrr…
The growls and hisses were no longer limited to one. The guards could hear them starting up all across the tree line on the other side of the clearing out the front of the village. 
The guards looked at each other and in unison yelled; ‘watch me!’
The growing noise quickly reached the boulderer’s throne. People towards the back of the righteous mob were the first to hear it, nervously looking over their shoulders to discover the source. Fock was still mid-lecture but he didn’t hesitate. 
‘POSSUMS!’
The crowd scattered, revealing or grabbing more weapons before running towards the invasion. With absolute horror, Glamrock watched the Dark Possums spill into the village from the forest. He wondered if every possum in the world was following him and if he could hide his chalk bag this time. 
Rockhard took in their situation – no longer being guarded was good. But not when it was because a full-scale battle had broken out and your hands were tied together. 
Larderman was already rummaging for a spare filleting knife he kept in his sock. Rockhard watched him produce two peelers and a garlic crusher before yelling in triumph and cutting them free. 
‘Can we get out of here now?’ asked Phil. ‘Forget philosophy, you’ll need theology in a minute!’
Larderman wasn’t sure of that. From his view the boulderers had an interesting fighting method to match their climbing. They sat on the ground with their arms up and seemed to wait for the attack. That made them easy targets for the initial swipe, but they also moved fast. Possums that were too slow found a previously seated individual suddenly hanging off their head or shoulders, armed and angry.
 The climbers got away from the exposed throne area for higher ground. They ran up a staircase that wrapped itself around a tree, regrouping in a hut amongst the upper branches. 
‘Right,’ said Larderman, ‘we’ll need to make sure we know-’
He was cut off as he jack-knifed back, a thrown battle-spork sticking out of his shoulder. Ogslaught dropped out of the rafters and cracked his knuckles. 
Rockhard lowered Larderman to the ground, noting the spork was nowhere likely to be deadly. Straightening up, he looked at their new enemy who hadn’t moved since his dramatic entrance.
‘The Ogslaught?’ asked Rockhard, tipped off by the way Glamrock frantically tugged on his sleeve and hid behind him. 
‘You can probably guess what happens now, right?’ said Ogslaught.
Rockhard picked up branch by the door and charged, until Ogslaught kicked a table forward into him. He doubled over into it, smashing his head on its wooden surface and slithered to the floor.
Ogslaught raised an eyebrow at Glamrock who was still by the door. 
‘Well?’ he said smiling.
Glamrock looked at the prone Rockhard and at Larderman who was still struggling to remove the spork from his shoulder and get up.
‘Stay away from my chalk bag,’ he muttered, trying not to make eye contact. 
Ogslaught turned towards Rockhard, using both hands to slide the table away. Producing a dagger, he stepped forward and-
‘Excuse me,’ said Phil. ‘I believe this is yours?’
Ogslaught looked up from Rockhard. Phil was being held in Glamrock’s right hand. Slightly lower, in his left hand was Ogslaught’s gecko. There was no mistaking the intention to bring the two together. 
‘Barry!’ he yelped. ‘Now that’s just mean.’ 
‘True.’ replied Phil. ‘Now let’s come to an arrangement or it’ll get messy as well.’ 
‘What do you want?’ asked Ogslaught staring at Glamrock. The old climber was wearing a fixed grin of terror and seemed to be leaning as far from the hostage and hostage taker as he possibly could, while still holding on to them. This couldn’t last long.
‘How about you return the Holy Hex for starters.’
Ogslaught’s eye’s narrowed. ‘That has already gone to the customer, threatening me does you no good.’
‘OK, how did you take it then? No one could remove it. It was holding an entire kingdom together for crying out loud. A kingdom which doesn’t have long thanks to you.’
‘It was easy,’ said Ogslaught, it wasn’t certain if he was talking about the physical or moral difficulty. Possibly both. 
‘I have the Dark Nut Key from the legendary First Rack! It defeats or removes all of your precious pieces, even got this village in real trouble.’
‘The Excluder?’ said Phil. ‘How did it affect that?’
‘Don’t you understand?’ growled Ogslaught. ‘It’s the Dark Nut Key. It removes protection! Regardless of purpose or placement.’ 
‘I se-’ began Phil but ended in a shout as Glamrock, unused to such stress positions fumbled and dropped him to the floor. Ogslaught had been waiting for this. He raced forward and kicked him back, snatching up Barry. 
Larderman sat up and threw the bloodied spork towards Ogslaught, who just grinned as it went wide and zipped past him. He stepped forward but fell sideways as a groggy Rockhard tackled him at waist height. It would have gone badly for the Prince if at that moment Fock hadn’t come charging through the door, followed by more boulderers who had clearly shown the possums some two move wonders. 
Increasingly outnumbered, Ogslaught punched the Prince with the hand that wasn’t full of gecko, got free and grabbed a rap rope. Giving a last nod at climbers and boulderers alike, he launched out the window and into the darkness beyond.
Later, after the remaining possums were beaten back, the climbers stood before Fock. Although this time they weren’t tied up. Phil as the most convincing of the group had gone to some pains to explaining what had happened. Glamrock just kept a jealous hold on his chalk bag and Larderman was feeling the effects of a mildly hallucinogenic mushroom a healer had provided. 
‘Take this,’ the gnarled old man had said. ‘You’ll soon forget all about your shoulder. Possibly your name, the fact that you can’t fly and any concept of time, but it’ll wear off. Before you’re violently ill anyway. 
‘This will make me violently ill?’
‘Sure, who likes mushrooms?’
Medical advice and terse diplomacy aside, back in Fock’s court Rockhard was still trying to win him over. 
‘Your Lordship,’ he said. ‘I promise you that the Dark Possums are now organised and will only get more dangerous. The Ogslaught proved that they have weapons we hadn’t even considered. If we don’t do anything it will only get worse.’
Rockhard reached into his bag and pulled out a small, black bag. 
‘Here,’ he said, ‘we have the Dark Nut Key. Provided you don’t abuse it, as Prince of Cliffedge, I offer it to you to rack up. None of the other clans will be so quick to denigrate the boulderers when you have this.’ 
Fock smiled and extended a massive hand to accept the Dark Nut Key. 
‘Seems to me, you’ll need this to get the Holy Hex back.’ 
Rockhard shrugged.
‘But don’t think for a second I’m giving this back to you,’ Fock continued. He stood up and stretched, cracking an impressive amount of knuckles. 
‘So you’ll be needing me to use it then. You’ll soon learn that us boulderers are always ready when someone takes a fall.’




Chapter 5

“There is no such thing as a short fall when you land on your head.”
Taken from The Boulderer’s Guide.

The departure from the Boulderer’s village was well meant if a little awkward. There was some foot shuffling from the guards over, as they put it, that whole “trying to boulder you” thing. However, the temporary loss of The Excluder and a Dark Possum attack made them more accepting of outside friends. Rockhard gave a speech about recognising the worth of bouldering and bringing it back to the higher crags. This was met with some enthusiasm, but handing over the Dark Nut Key to Fock made more of an impact. They left them cleaning up the damage and piling up the bodies of possums that didn’t make it out of the village when the tide turned. Fock watched the pile grow higher, noting they were going to have a bumper selection of crash mats this year. All in all, not a bad result. 
The journey out of the forest was relatively uneventful. As the most adept at navigating through trees, Fock lead the way. Fortunately he was diplomatic enough not to point this out, but he did let the occasional branch swing back with more force than was necessary. 
With the exception of Fock, they were relieved to leave the tree line. The scenery fell away down onto a river-split plain, with buildings clustered along the water and then stretching out in a rough oval on either bank. Smoke curled out of chimneys and they could hear the distant chatter, yells and occasional swearing that make up cooking and commerce. 
‘There!’ said Fock. ‘Restop, land of the bakers!’
Larderman was already running down the slope into town. He’d been away too long and was anxious to be first in line for some samples. The group caught up with him several streets in, already carrying two bags of goodies. 
‘Ok guys,’ he said, ‘you’re in my territory now. Let’s go see Doris and stock up properly.’
“Smiling Doris” as she was known was a local celebrity, famous for her hospitality. Both for the warm abundance of it and the terrifying absence of it should a foot be put wrong. While she cut a doting figure, she was known to scare men built like shipping containers. Doris was just over five feet high, but size is always relative to the subject being spoken about. Such dimensions would be considered tiny in a basketball player, but terrifying in a baking-obsessed scorpion and everyone agreed; Doris was no basketball player. 
She was plump, rosy cheeked and had a wonderful way with people – her way. To the customers she was almost always a joy, smiling and jovial. She remembered their orders, their children’s names and all their cares and hopes. To her employees, she considered herself a mother – with all the unconditional love and screaming vengeance it could entail. Her fat frame concealed endless personal drive and strength that meant she would think nothing of beating out a fierce kitchen fire – often using the baker who accidentally started it. It was also rumoured that the last man who dared be rude to her wound up with what was whispered in baking circles as “the allergy sensitive optionviii.”
But there was no denying the quality of Doris’ baked goods. She ran a small unassuming bakery that attached itself to a warehouse run under her strict supervision. Many of the current master bakers had cut their teeth in her there – sometimes literally after doing something wrong in front of Doris. It looked a brutal place to work; dozens of people toiled in a haze of heat, activity and shouted orders. Vats were continually being stirred, ovens opened and junior bakers scurried about, moving pastries, fetching ingredients and being yelled at for being junior bakers. To the uninitiated it looked like Hell had instituted a hair net policy and swapped sulphur for cinnamon – but the results were amazing. 
The gang peered in the delivery entrance. A junior baker lurked behind a stack of flour sacks having a surreptitious smoke but left them alone. Suddenly the cigarette came flying over the top of the sacks and the baker hurried past, desperately coughing and waving his arms about. 
‘Heh,’ said Glamrock, ‘he sure left in a-’
‘OY!’ a voice screeched at them. ‘JUST WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOIN- Oh Larderman!’ 
Doris appeared from out a side door near the flour sacks and came over smiling. The transformation had been amazing. The initial outrage instantly dissolved into pleasant smiles and a welcoming wave. Most of the gang held back, unsure of when the next explosion would be, but Larderman won a bravery award for accepting a hug. 
‘Good to see you Larderman,’ said Doris as she disentangled herself. ‘And who are all these fine young boys?’ 
Larderman made the introductions with Doris giving each of them a fresh smile and a nod. Once she was assured they were all good boys and not going to cause any unpleasantness, she invited them inside. 
‘Come on,’ she said. ‘There’s plenty just out of the oven and I thi- OY! HOBBES! YOUR BREAK IS OVER! OVER DO YOU HEAR ME!? I WILL BREAK YOU IN HALF IF YOU KEEP LAZING AROUND LIKE THIS!!’
Doris glared at the back of the luckless Hobbes as he feverishly returned to work. ‘I do apologise boys. Let’s get some privacy.’
The climbers (silently vowing to remain good) followed Doris through the manic activity of the bakery and to her table out the front.
‘So what can I do for you?’ she asked. A waiter came and placed hot drinks and a selection of pastries on the table for them. 
‘We need supplies – the best,’ said Larderman. 
‘Well you came to the right spot, I think I have just the things for you – DENNO!’ 
A large man in a colourful uniform materialised by the table. His jaunty outfit certainly didn’t match the rest of his look. Scars met scars all across his enormous dome-shaped head. He had an unpleasant grin that didn’t reach his eyes and showed that while the odd tooth was missing, he probably had a few spares stuck amongst his knuckles. It was all topped off with an Olympic grade unimpressed stare. He looked as though he belonged in front of one of the rougher pubs – the sort of place that tries to keep the worst of the criminal scum out by putting them in charge of the door. 
‘Denno,’ said Doris briskly. ‘We need the specials. Just a selection for now thanks.’ 
Denno grunted and vanished into the bakery again. 
‘Oh, he’s a good boy,’ said Doris to the collective stares following Denno into the kitchen. ‘Perhaps a bit high spirited at times but he’s always receptive to a firm hand or a kind word.’
The climbers doubted this. Denno looked unlikely to react to a firm hand holding a sledgehammer. Or react well anyway. Possibly this was where his ‘high spirits’ kicked in, regardless of how kindly worded the subsequent pleading was. 
‘Excuse me,’ said Glamrock rising, ‘this is lovely and delicious. But I’d like a look around, I’ll catch up with you guys later.’
‘Me too,’ said Fock, collecting Phil. ‘Never really made the effort before. Thank you Doris, uhh, excellent biscuits...’ 
They passed Denno carrying a tray of samples (who gave them the bouncer’s sour “no entry in those shoes” look), and made their way through the lines to the door. Doris gave Denno a nod as he put the tray down and quickly left again.
‘All right boys,’ said Doris gesturing at the pastries. ‘These little wonders, my natural beauty and a mean right hook are what keep me at the top.’
Rockhard and Larderman nodded. They believed the first claim and accepted the second, if only to avoid the third. 
Doris then delved into one of the most important problems facing any climbing quest:
‘What’s for lunch?’

*********************************************

A few hours later Fock found himself walking around the markets, sunburnt and annoyed. 
‘Told you to grab a table inside,’ said Phil. 
‘We’ve been walking around for hours and I’m hungry. I not going to wait for a spot inside, this place is packed.’
It was true. The manic busyness of Doris’ bakery had continued into the rest of the Central Baking District. Although this was just due to the numbers involved in the high season. There were people (amongst other things) everywhere. Climbers of all different stripes stood, sampled and shouted in the heat of the day. 
All of this was something of a shock to Fock. Things occasionally got crowded in village dwellings, but the forest was a good place for solitude. Trees were excellent for filling spaces that otherwise got filled with people. Here they were everywhere and the change in pressure was causing Fock the social equivalent of the bends. 
‘What do you think Glamrock is doing?’ he asked, keen to keep moving. 
‘Going through bins probably,’ said Phil. ‘He won’t buy anything – he hasn’t found his dollar yet.’
‘Yeah, he’s absolutely feral that guy,’ said Fock absently.
A screeching cry cut through the air.
‘Noisy too,’ observed Phil. 
Fock broke into a run, shoving people out of his way. Both he and Phil recognised that scream without question. They’d heard it when Glamrock had been attacked by possums or been asked to contribute to the cost of dinner; the sound of a cheapskate fearing for everything.
There was no obvious fighting going on in the market place, so Fock ran on desperately looking down every alley. A few blocks down he found Glamrock standing against the wall, an unconscious possum and a noticeably dented bin-lid by his feet. 
‘I… I was protecting myself!’ stammered Glamrock. 
Fock had to admit he was impressed. He tried stepping over the prone possum but suddenly it wasn’t that prone after all. It reared up, sending him sprawling into the bin. Mercifully knocking him unconscious so he didn’t know what he’d landed in. 
With one paw firmly on the bin lid, the possum drew back an arm, claws extended, ready to strike. Glamrock shut his eyes and waited for the end. There was a solid thump and Glamrock heard the possum hit the ground. He cautiously opened one eye, then the other.
‘Denno!’ he cried with relief, his face breaking into the grin reserved for an unfriendly face that’s on your side.
Denno nodded to him, pulled Fock out of the bin by a leg and shook him awake. 
‘Why are you here?’ asked Glamrock as Fock blearily came to. 
‘Keeping an eye out for Doris,’ he muttered. 
‘Why couldn’t you have helped earlier!’ demanded Glamrock, sounding like an indignant tourist at a border crossing.
Denno just shrugged, ‘y’split up.’
Glamrock tried to say more, but Denno’s meaty hand covered his head and held his jaw shut. 
‘We better go,’ said Denno. ‘Doris will want you guys outta here before the gingerbread guards show up. I’ll take you back to the others and you guys better get going.’
Fock shook some rubbish out of his hair and followed Denno as he led the way without relaxing his grip on Glamrock. 
‘Just once,’ the boulderer thought, ‘it’d be nice not to be run out of town.’
From the shadows someone watched them go.




Chapter 6

“If I dangled you off a cliff, you’d be amazed at how strong you are.”
A counter argument to people who claim they aren’t strong enough to climb.

The group left Restop, stuffing their bags with what didn’t fit in their stomachs. Despite the rush to leave town, they were in good spirits. Doris had been good to her word and given the best pastry selection possible, along with a friendly but firm goodbye. The climbers continued across the plain and into a changing feast of scenery. 
However, their post-feast high gradually wore off as they got closer to The Flatlands; a hot, uncomfortable and hostile place. The cool, shady walks became rarer as the trees petered out in the harsh conditions. The sun beat down harder and wind blew gritty dust and sand in everything – especially at mealtimes. The final sign that marked their entry into The Flatlands was when even the river gave up in disgust. They’d been happy to follow the gentle curves and twists, but now it almost doubled back on itself to get away. Despite the name the terrain occasionally sloped up and down again, only not in any climbable way. Paths were covered in loose stones that appeared stable but unexpectedly rolled when stepped on. What trees were left looked all but dead, only reaching out to scratch and snag at clothing or loose gear. The only other plants were tightly packed clumps of thorny bushes, some metres across and waist high. Aside from the occasional curse and directions from Phil, the group continued in silence. It was too hot to talk about anything and Glamrock’s suggestion of “I spy” was met with a thrown fry pan. 
The heat and difficult going was only one reason for their collective grumpiness. These lands were legendary for being hostile to climbers. Not just because of various dangerous creatures – the ones that didn’t vigorously defend themselves if you came within five metres, vigorously attacked if you came within ten. The Flatlands were different; this place was actively hostile. Stories got around about rocks independently rolling to trip you up. Cracks appearing or vanishing cliff faces, canyons that changed route on different days and entire boulders coming alive with murderous intent. There were different theories as to why. Some blamed curses, others said it was always like this. Some blamed the Crux family that had ruled for generations, but couldn’t say whether it was intended or not. All they knew was that it was a dangerous place. In the bushland you kept getting slapped in the face by bent back branches when no one was in front. In the rocky plains you could get a broken nose from a stone that started on the ground but no one could have possibly thrown. 
‘How much further?’ asked Rockhard after a while, unhooking a branch that was grabbing at his shorts more than he realised. 
‘We’ll be at the entrance soon,’ said Phil. ‘Not a problem.’
‘The entrance?’ repeated Fock. ‘To what? Castle Crux?’
‘No,’ said Phil. ‘To the way to Castle Crux.’
‘Well what do you mean by that?’
‘You’ll see.’
They pushed and swore their way through the bushes until they gave way to a plain that stretched away to the horizon. The climbers suddenly realised the ‘flatlands’ they’d experienced so far had been a mountain range compared to what was before them. The ground dropped away to a hard and yellow plain, covered in cracks like a fractured window. Gullies and canyons ran across the length and breadth of the plain like a collection of spider webs. It was clear even at this distance some of the canyons ran deep. They also ran into each other and in every direction. 
‘Hands up everyone who’s glad they brought me,’ said Phil smugly.
‘Hands up everyone who’s sick of carrying you,’ muttered Fock. 
They climbed down into the nearest canyon and waited for Phil to get his bearings. His centuries trapped in and travelling through rock certainly helped – he knew the area well. It wasn’t as hot anymore but that was little comfort. Now heat became humidity thanks to all the pools of water left by ancient storms. Many-legged things scrabbled into cracks and under rocks as they went past. Where climbing was necessary, cracks were to be avoided. Rockhard had cautiously looked into a crack when they first entered the canyons. What he found was a single creature that outmatched the entire group in numbers of legs, eyes and teeth. After that they decided a hard climb by smearing was better than an easy death by venom. 
They bridged their way over a long stretch of boggy water when several large rocks hit the water with a splash. This wasn’t that unusual, the geography around here was so unstable that the canyons were always be opening up then filling themselves in. But as the rocks hit the water, the climbers knew they were being watched. They’d been in this situation too many times before and climbers are good at spotting when odds are suddenly stacked against them. The flip side of which being that they often continue anyway, but climbers aren’t the best decision makers in some ways. 
Then they came all at once and in force – some rapping in from above, others madly climbing down the face, tumbling out of caves or from behind boulders – the Ferals. 
Hooting and yelling they waved old equipment, makeshift clipsticks or their scarred and dirty fists. Skinny and filthy though they were, there was no mistaking the range of muscle mass on each of them. Only slightly less noticeable, but making its presence felt more every second was the smell. It was BO that had kicked off its shoes after a long year walking and joined several similar friends in a one-man tent. The stories about them were well deserved; their clothing would sluggishly crawl across the floor on the rare occasions it was removed, one of their socks up close could drop a charging possum, and their hair was somehow hard enough to protect their head yet still greasy enough to oil climbing equipment. Already the group’s eyes were watering and they hastily bridged to the nearest dry spot on the canyon floor. 
Rockhard stood on a rock, whirling a hex over his head. The rest of the group tooled up appropriately and waited for the rushing horde. 
‘Remember!’ cried Rockhard, blinking furiously and trying to breathe through his mouth. ‘Protect the supplies! Especially the chocolate!’
The Ferals closed in, grabbing at the group or swinging their weapons. There air filled with the “dongs” and “clangs” of Larderman’s pots as they bounced off heads or softer parts. Fock stayed crouched and was quickly bringing Ferals down to his level and making sure they stayed there. The rest were doing all they could with the weapons they had, but it couldn’t last long. Luckily these particular Ferals had little fighting technique. Instead they just screeched and swung their fists or weapon, regardless of what their opponent was doing. Also their main targets were the backpacks and all the supplies and equipment therein. They gave a yell of triumph when they got their hands on something, quickly becoming a yelp of pain as someone got their hands on them. But their advantage was they just kept on coming. When one was broadsided from a hex or fell spitting teeth from a pan-wacking, another two filled the space. 
There was a screech and sudden panic spread through the Ferals. Something more urgent than supplies had their attention and as fast as they had appeared, they hastily retreated. Scurrying away into the caves or prussiking with shoelaces up the old ropes they arrived on. Within seconds the climbers were alone again, looking around in the sudden, intense quiet.
‘Everyone ok?’ asked Rockhard. There was a chorus of “yeah” and a few nods as everyone took account of themselves. 
‘Oh wait!’ said Larderman. ‘The bread is gone and it looks like they filled our rubbish bag with all their leftovers.’
‘Now that’s just petty,’ said Fock. ‘Incidentally, just how big do you think the thing is that scared them away?’
This was met with hostile stares.
‘Well it’s no good glaring at me like that,’ he continued, ‘everyone’s thinking it, I’m just saying it.’ 
‘Shut up, Fock,’ said Rockhard. ‘We need to keep moving.’
They gathered the packs up and stowed weapons, but in a way that kept them within easy reach.
‘Probably really big,’ muttered Fock, clutching a #14 metal nut in his fist. 
‘Keep moving!’ said Rockhard, trying to drown out Fock. 
‘Probably a huge monster, someone’ll hear something and then it’s on…’
‘Look!’ said Rockhard turning around. ‘We got lucky, we don’t know why the Ferals ran, there’s no point making wild guesses about how…’ Rockhard’s voice trailed off and his expression changed. He gave a deep sigh and buried his face in his hand. 
‘Alright,’ he said without looking up. ‘I’ll say it… Does anyone else hear that?’ 
The group looked around. They’d all heard or at least felt it. You couldn’t tell where it was coming from yet but there was an unmistakable rumble in the distance. They were in a straight section of the canyon and there was nothing ahead of them. Back in the other direction there was a distinct lack of huge and imminent danger as demanded by narrative convention, but that sound and feeling was getting ominously closer. 
‘Ok,’ said Glamrock. ‘Let’s pick up the pace.’
As he spoke a stone, slightly smaller than a fist, appeared over the top of the canyon. It flew as if it had been thrown in and bounced off the canyon walls with the familiar tak! noise that makes climbers nervous. 
‘ROCK!’ yelled Larderman. 
Climbers and anyone who’s been shot will tell you, speedy and above all dense objects are extremely dangerous. The climbers scattered for safety. When someone yells rock it’s a good idea to take their word for it and seek cover. That or stay still and rely on the helmet that protects the top of your head, nothing else. Anyone who looks up to find the danger may get a great view of a whirring ball of edged granite just before it punches through their face. Thus turning their previously useful helmet into something more like a butcher’s scrap bucket. 
The rock bounced off the canyon wall a few more times before hitting floor level and bouncing into Larderman’s shin.
‘Ow!’
Larderman hobbled around for a moment, waving arms and performing that silent dance of agony familiar to anyone who’s badly stubbed a toe. 
‘That bloody hurt!’ he yelled, the power of speech returning. ‘Stupid rock! Someone could’ve been- aarrrgh!’ He yelled again as the rock leapt off the ground and smacked into his other shin. It paused for a moment and then repeated the attack, bouncing off the ground and slamming into Larderman again and again. Sometimes he was lucky as it hit low hanging pans but it seemed to have an instinct for soft and painful areas. That was until the others (once they got over the spectacle), managed to catch and hold it down with a bigger rock that was happy to stay still. 
‘Ok,’ said Glamrock, ‘I’m not used to that.’
Larderman, with vengeance in his heart and a fry pan in hand, industriously smashed the aggressive stone with all the passion that bruised shins engender. 
‘Uhh, guys?’ said Fock, holding his hand against the canyon wall he felt growing vibrations. 
The rest of the group were busy helping Larderman exact his revenge. Mostly by pointing out bits he missed and commenting on how much the bruising will hurt in a days time. 
Fock made another attempt to get their attention. 
‘It’s just that I think things are about to...’
‘Larderman, quit your whinging!’
‘Shins hurt all right? You’d know that if-’
‘GUYS!’ yelled Fock. 
They all looked back along the canyon, the noise was a lot louder now and it was obvious why. Rocks of all sizes were cascading into the canyon from both sides. They bounced and ricocheted, falling towards the canyon floor. Thousands more following as the first wave hit the ground with an echoing crash, but instead of piling up they surged forward like the fist of an angry god. 
‘Avalanche!’ yelled Rockhard.
‘Worse, they’re alive!’ yelled Phil as Larderman picked him up and began running. ‘It’s a stampede!’
The climbers ran for their lives, packs swaying as loose items leapt and bounced on their tethers. Even with full packs, fear gave them speed climbers normally experience after making a fatal mistake on a cliff face. Behind them the rock swarm rose and crashed like water. It was quick to see that this was no ordinary avalanche. The rocks kept moving regardless of what gravity normally had to say. The climbers had never seen an avalanche do a sudden right turn before either. When they dodged down a separate canyon floor involving a ninety degree turn – the rocks followed. The first skidding to a halt with the followers crashing and bouncing off them, following the climbers down this new avenue, surging in and out of the main mass. The noise was deafening and Rockhard knew they didn’t have long before they caught up and there was no time to climb. 
Fock skidded to a stop, boots sliding across the dirt. He knelt down and pulled out an assortment of nuts, jamming them into a small crack in the canyon floor, one at a time. Through a mixture of shock and confusion, the others stopped in succession. All except Glamrock who ran on, his eyes fixed on the horizon. 
‘WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?’ screamed Rockhard. Behind him the rock swarm filled the canyon floor from side to side, gathering both height and speed. 
Shaking off attempts to get him back up, Fock kept fiddling with the wires. Finally he got a good placement and yelled in triumph. Fishing inside his pack, he produced the Dark Nut Key and jammed it in the crack. Dust and debris filled the air as the rock swarm reared up over them, blocking out the light. Larderman knocked back the first arrivals with a frying pan – tennis style. 
‘RUN!’ screamed Fock and began scrambling backwards, one hand still on the Dark Nut Key. They madly retreated and Fock continued his crab like run on the ground. As he headed back the Dark Nut Key effortlessly opened up the crack the nut had been stuck in. It split to the width of the canyon floor and lengthened as Fock moved backwards, dragging the increasing opening behind him, revealing a chasm with no obvious bottom. 
The rock swarm poured into the newly made hole, none were able to cover the distance as Fock made it longer and longer. Then as the last boulder, rock and pebble vanished into the hole he flipped the Dark Nut Key over and ran forward again, restoring the crack to it’s previous humble size. 
The newly restored silence was broken the thud of packs hitting the ground, followed by their exhausted owners. Except for the occasional dusty cough, they sat mute, checking for injuries before giving Fock an enquiring stare. 
‘It just came to me,’ he said in response. 
‘The Dark Nut Key removes protection right? So there’s a few ways to do that. Wiggle your gear out, bash it out, or make the opening much bigger. I figured it could open up a crack to get a nut out, I was just really hoping it would keep on going and turns out I was right.’
He grinned at their obvious amazement. 
‘Took a Boulderer to do that by the way,’ said Fock. ‘I’d like to see any of you wimps keep a hold of the key and move along the ground that quickly. You can’t take a seat anywhere in Boulderer country without risking the sudden arrival of someone from above – you’ve got to move quick.’
Breathing hard and trying to pretend he hadn’t only just returned, Glamrock helped Fock up and collected the Dark Nut Key. Carefully placing it in the mysterious depths of his magic chalk bag. 
‘Yes, Fock, well done,’ said Phil, slightly annoyed that someone else had figured that out before him. ‘But now that the dust is clearing and we’re not distracted, I’d like you to look ahead on the leftward canyon.’
As the dust settled, they adjusted their eyes stared into the clearing distance. There was no mistaking what they were looking at.
‘Gentlemen!’ said Phil, glad to be back at the centre of attention.
‘I give you… Castle Crux!’




Chapter 7

“Climbing may kill you, but it’s better than dying anywhere else!”
Old climber saying.

Still riding the adrenalin rush from the rock stampede, the group picked up their packs and headed for Castle Crux. The canyon opened up then dropped to an even lower level. The entire region around the castle looked like it had fallen into a sinkhole but remained intact. The ground sloped steeply down to a circular shaped plain all around the castle, with not even the highest turrets able to peer out of the hole it was in. They made their way along a rough path winding down to the main entrance. The castle stood at a slight inward lean, high and forbidding. As the climbers moved closer they saw plenty of cracks in the stone, swathes of moss and general decay that failed to hide the basic menace of the place. It sat in its hole like an old Cold War missile; waiting for the signal to launch and reduce a city to ashes. Peering up they made out the family motto carved into the battlements:
CRUX
THE HARDEST THING ON THE CLIMB IS US
The main gate was sealed shut. This put a pause to things as there were no immediate windows that offered a more conventional entry. Above the gate was a carving in a language that Rockhard didn’t recognise. He held Phil up to the door and heard him muttering as he attempted to translate it. 
‘What’s the matter?’ asked Rockhard. ‘Is the language too old?’
‘No,’ replied Phil. ‘Just poorly spelt. Now let me see…’
His voice trailed off into mutterings again and the party knew to keep quiet and wait. 
‘Aha!’ yelled Phil so suddenly that Glamrock, still recovering from the rock swarm, clutched at his chest and fell over. ‘It’s a riddle!’
‘What does it say?’ asked Rockhard. In the background Larderman got Glamrock some water and helped him calm down. 
For someone that doesn’t have a throat, Phil somehow cleared his noisily before reading aloud to the group:
I am on all climbs sometimes,
but some climbs most times,
always on time when it’s too late.
I appear fast, without stealth,
Make the most of your health,
I’m the first fear, last hope and your fate.

They digested in silence this for a minute.
Then a minute longer.
‘I don’t get it,’ said Larderman at last. 
‘Me too,’ said Glamrock while Rockhard nodded in agreement.
‘Oh come on guys!’ said Phil. ‘Think your way through it. What do we know? It’s common, quick, loud… Not necessarily a living or tangible thing – but it might be. And a combination of fear and hope?’
‘Isn’t that climbing generally?’ asked Fock. 
They sat for another minute.
‘Hold me up,’ commanded Phil. ‘I think I’ve got it.’
Rockhard held Phil up to the door at shoulder height. Again, Phil somewhat redundantly cleared his throat and to Glamrock’s further fright screamed:
‘FALLING!!!’
The shout echoed off the door and bounced around the cliffs. The tone was just right –full of hope and fear. It was that last moment when you know your grip is failing and gravity beckons, when your last scream better help as you fall into empty space. Suddenly you’re aware of how long it was since you placed that last bit of protection and just how good was it really? 
Then, with a grinding sound as the gang’s collective brake-hands unconsciously clenched shut; the gate swung open. 
Cautiously they made their way into the courtyard beyond the gate. The immediate area appeared deserted, but they stayed alert all the same. As is standard in most climber castles, the next door was about three metres off the ground and set into the stone of the wall. Just above an obvious sit-start with one jug hold and a succession of crimps. 
They followed the passage beyond into the gloom, lit only by torches left at irregular intervals.
‘Maybe they’re out climbing,’ said Glamrock when this was pointed out. The rest of the group doubted it. Their experiences outside with the venomous creatures, shifting canyons, living avalanches and generally miserable conditions made them think that if they lived here, they’d develop a deep appreciation of the climbing possibilities on the inside of the castle walls.  
The passage opened up into a grand hall that was likely the throne room. They walked in looking like tourists in a cathedral after hours. It was brighter in there with more torches along the walls, but the main source of light was at the centre of a climbing anchor securing the throne. From the moment they entered their eyes had been drawn to it and now there was no mistaking what it was.
‘The Holy Hex!’ cried Rockhard with joy. Caution forgotten, he ran the length of the room to retrieve it. 
‘GLUUUURRRRRRGHHHHH! Hech! Hech!’
Rockhard stopped dead. That roar had come from above. Slowly he tilted his head back, looked into the eaves and saw for the first time, the real audience chamber. The ceiling was thick with Dark Possums and Ferals, all suspended from hanging belays or locked off abseils. They stretched across the length of the roof and nestled for position and comfort amongst the eaves. The climbers had been walking under this crowd the entire time. 
‘Yes,’ a voice called out. ‘The Holy Hex is understandingly distracting.’ 
Lord Crux made his entrance in true villain style. Descending slowly on a simple over-leg-around-waist abseil. Lowering himself with a maximum of grandeur, he stared down at them with equal measures of delight and malice. It was the manic intensity of a man who spent years waiting in the dark each night with a loaded weapon – and had finally caught someone breaking in.
He landed lightly and walked over. He was easily taller than any of the climbers. His pants were well tailored, including several pockets, gear loops and reinforced daisy chains stitched into each leg. Most curious was the clothing, or relative lack of it on his top half. He wore a garment that had a bright collar made of a climbing sling, clipped together by a jewelled crest beneath his adams apple. This collar then turned into tight sleeves that only covered the barest part of his biceps, after which there was nothing more to the outfit. Crux belonged to the fraternity that believed that climbing with torso exposed could potentially double your ability and muscles clearly jostled for position on his chest and long, thin limbs. He was also, despite a previously broken nose, strangely good looking in a supremely self-confident way. He had the cold stare, arrogant attitude and shoulder length, greasy hair that inspires screams of adoration from teenage girls and further screams of rage from their fathers. But the cold emptiness in his stare indicated he was used to screams of a different kind. 
All in all it was like watching someone pose shirtless with a machine gun. True they may come across as a total wanker, but when facts are faced they’re still a wanker with a machine gun. 
Slightly put off by Crux’s ability to wear a “shirt” but remain half naked, most of the group were lost for words. Rockhard however knew exactly what he had come for. 
‘Give it to me,’ he said staring at Lord Crux, who threw his head back and laughed.
‘Oh I’m sorry but the rules of climbing booty are clear. I found this and my need is greater than yours.’
‘You stole it! And without it my castle and possibly the whole kingdom will collapse!’
‘Look around,’ said Crux evenly. ‘Terrible when that happens isn’t it?’
Up in the eaves, the Dark Possums and Ferals tittered on cue. 
‘I’ve been waiting a long time to raise this castle and kingdom back to its former glory. Thanks to your donation that can finally happen. Castle Crux will rise above the landscape once more and we will dominate!’
‘Like hell you will!’ said Rockhard, matching Crux flourish for flourish. He was certain that Crux wouldn’t just hand over the Holy Hex and prepared to drop the atom bomb. 
‘If you don’t return the Holy Hex to me,’ said Rockhard, in the manner of one with an ace up his sleeve, ‘then we will use the Dark Nut Key to sink your castle further still into the ground. Forget this sinkhole, you’ll need to climb for days just to reach earthworms.’
‘What Dark Nut Key?’ asked Crux pleasantly. 
‘Glamrock?’ said Rockhard without turning around. ‘Give me the Dark Nut Key, I believe it’s in your chalk bag.’ 
There was no answer.
‘Glamrock?’ 
Looking around, the rest of the group realised he wasn’t with them anymore. 
‘Glamrock!’ yelled Fock. He’d spotted him over the far side of the hall. A figure appeared out of the shadows near him. There was no mistaking who it was. 
‘Come back!’ yelled Rockhard. ‘It’s The Ogslaught!’
But Glamrock didn’t seem surprised as he turned to see Ogslaught nonchalantly walk up and hold out his hand. With a last mournful look at the group, Glamrock reached into this chalk bag and handed over the Dark Nut Key.
The rest of the group looked on in horror. It was like watching someone return to their mugger and point out they hadn’t stolen their watch on the first go. But there was no denying it; Ogslaught was now triumphantly waving the Dark Nut Key.
‘Why?’ yelled Rockhard. ‘We got you your bloody chalk bag back!’
Across the throne room, Ogslaught pulled something out of a pouch. It was difficult to make out exactly, but the light caught and the shiny object was passed to Glamrock’s eagerly outstretched arms. As soon as he had it he quickly closed his hands over it and retreated several steps, tears in his eyes. 
‘What else did Glamrock have to lose?’ asked Fock. 
‘Not lose,’ said Larderman. ‘Lost and now found. I’m guessing that’s the dollar he’s been seeking all these years. He’d been scrounging amongst the windy cliffs of WHAT!? who knows how long when Prince Rockhard and I found him.’ 
‘His lost dollar?’ said Rockhard as members of his party slapped palms into their faces or performed similar rites of frustration. ‘I could have lent him a bloody dollar! Hell I would’ve given him a dollar if I knew this could happen!’
‘Now then,’ said Crux, cutting across their shock, ‘I believe we were discussing terms?’
Rockhard knew the peril they were now in. Just when he thought he’d had an ace up his sleeve, Crux had trumped him with a gun under the table. 
He stepped forward but was cut off by Dark Possums that had already descended to floor level. The rest of the party were in a similar situation, all surrounded and even Larderman was starting to doubt he had enough cookware for them all. Sadly he couldn’t wonder for long as enchanted chains leaped out of the ground and snapped onto their arms and legs. 
The climbers watched helplessly as Ogslaught casually made his way over to Crux who held out his hand. In return Ogslaught held his out as well, to which Crux sighed and signalled a possum who brought a large crag pack forward. Ogslaught peered inside and apparently satisfied it held the payment of his choice, produced the Dark Nut Key and handed it to Crux. 
‘Yes!’ Crux shouted and smugly turned back to the climbers. 
‘You see we turned your friend Glamrock at the bakeries,’ he explained. Continuing, he told them the rest of the “how” and worked his way into the “why”. Days earlier The Ogslaught (aided by the Dark Possum network), tracked the climbers to Restop and waited for them to separate. Once Glamrock was on his own a possum pulled him into an alley and face to face with Ogslaught. Unfortunately the possum’s grip wasn’t strong enough to silence him and Glamrock screamed to alert the others. In response, Ogslaught raised a sturdy bin lid over his head and brought it down hard. There was a clang and the possum holding Glamrock slid quietly to the ground. 
‘Now then,’ he’d said dropping the bin lid and stepping past the stunned possum. ‘When the others arrive you better take credit for that.’ He went on to quickly explain how Glamrock was to take possession of the Dark Nut Key and pass it across when required. Anything less than direct obedience and the dollar he had craved all these years would be hurled into the deepest abyss, where not even the craziest Canyon Clan dares to go.
Shaking from desperation and adrenalin, Glamrock had just nodded. Ogslaught then retreated behind cover and watched as Fock (holding Phil), came running around the corner. 
‘I… I was protecting myself!’ stammered Glamrock.

The story finished and they returned to the present with Lord Crux clearly enjoying himself.
‘We knew it would be secure if you could get it in your chalk bag,’ he said. ‘In case our direct efforts failed, it was good to have a backup plan. If we can’t take it directly, why not just get you to deliver it to us?’ 
He paused, waiting for some question or insult from the group. When nothing came he just shrugged and turned back to the main task, Ogslaught retreating to the shadows with his payment. 
Crux raised the Dark Nut Key in one hand and the Holy Hex in the other. 
‘One to free us from the bedrock and the other to keep us above it!’
Both the Hex and Dark Nut Key began glowing, sensing they were about to be used. But whereas the Holy Hex shone like a lighthouse, the Dark Nut Key took on a blackness that was more intense by the second, until it looked like a view into another universe. Chained to the floor, the climbers could only watch as Crux in the middle of light and dark, whirled the magic Pro around before abruptly bringing them together. 
The loud clink as they briefly touched stopped all other movement in the room. There was silence, but the sort you get just before a building demolition or a rocket launch. When the world leans back and covers it’s ears for what is about to follow. Crux stood still as a statue, staring at nothing as it began. It was small at first, the sound of an insistent scratching from outside the castle. But within seconds it was tearing and crashing sounds that made everyone cover their ears. The floor began heaved as the castle wrenched itself this way and that, as though a giant, invisible hand was trying to twist it out of the ground. Then, like the pressure put into removing a tricky tooth, it all gave way at once. The noise doubled and they all felt the castle shoot skyward. Ornaments, possums and other loose items bounced around the floor or flew off shelves as the floor became as stable as jelly in an earthquake. Windows that previously framed nothing but dirt suddenly let sunlight in, only occasionally blocked by the avalanche of debris coming off higher parts of the castle. Then when it seemed the whole place would be shaken to pieces, Crux as steady as a military march, walked the Holy Hex to a gap above his throne and inserted it with a click heard above the chaotic noise. Rockhard struggled helplessly as the building slowed its skyward ascent and came to a rest with a final firm rumble. Everything slowly settled amongst the hiss of shifting dirt and the occasional crash and boom of the tortured landscape outside.
Castle Crux stood high once more. 
Possums began picking themselves up and patting down fur or stealing each other’s loose valuables. The climbing party lay in a groaning heap as they slowly accepted the castle wasn’t moving anymore. There had been at least one black eye as they’d been chained together and flung about like some demented S&M party that decided to play human conkers. 
Crux was just staring at them. His physical expression hadn’t changed a lot but the even shares of delight and malice in his eyes certainly had. The latter now being much more present than the former. Desperately, Rockhard looked around for a way out. 
Dark Possums approached them, waiting for their orders. They were direct and violent guards, known to tear limbs off as it meant they could be removed from manacles without the tedious business of unlocking them first. On top of this Ogslaught was walking towards them, weapons in hand and further minions in tow. It felt like even the torches in the outer corridors had gone out and the small group was feeling infinitely smaller and more vulnerable by the second. 
‘CRUX!’ screamed Rockhard. Before anyone could stop him he reached out with what slack the chains allowed, pulled a belay glove off Crux’s own outfit and slapped him across the face with it. 
‘I challenge you!’ he yelled. 
The possums and Ferals stopped in surprise. Even the climbing party froze in the act of looking for weapons and limbering up. 
Crux touched the red spot on his check, a strange expression of surprise and intrigue on his face.
‘A duel? You refer to our most ancient art?’
Rockhard nodded.
‘Winner takes all?’
Another nod.
‘Both the Dark Nut Key and the Holy Hex?’
A third and final nod. 
‘Well then!’ boomed Crux. ‘Prepare the contest chamber! We settle this like climbers!’
The possums scattered to make preparations. Crux was delighted to have such a contest, he threw up his arms and grinned to a background of cheers.
‘Death!’ he cried. ‘By slackline!’




Chapter 8

“The hardest part of every climbing trip is leaving."
Old climber saying.

Castle Crux was in an uproar. Dark Possums of every stripe ran to and fro, joined now by Ferals and other lesser-known but hurriedly avoided creatures of the climbing lands. There was a duel on and everything had to be prepared – but most of all, you had to get in quick before the good seats were taken. Everyone wanted to be a part of the showdown. 
The duelling chamber was prepared as ordered. Rockhard and his party were surprised to see it was a hidden extension below the throne room. At Crux’s order a possum pulled a lever and the floor slid back to reveal an area below that was so big it was surprising it could still be called indoors. It was a circular stadium that could hold hundreds, if not thousands. The audience was already scrambling for the good seats. Possums filled most of the stadium with some other sections filled with Ferals. However they were all concentrating on the centre of the room where the slackline was. It stretched twenty metres across a dimly lit hole that was full of inky blackness. Whether this was bad water or just poor lighting, from this distance it was hard to tell. Rap ropes were dropped to chair level and both captors and captives slid down to the area below. 
Rockhard and the climbers were ushered towards a wide platform leading to the nearest end of the slackline. They could see Crux already stretching at the other end.  As they approached the platform they saw Angry Possum standing with the angry air of a coerced servant. 
‘Prepare here!’ snarled Angry Possum. ‘No weapons!’
As Rockhard removed his hexes, crackgrabs and nuts, the others fussed around him. Larderman waved a moist towel in his face, Fock gave a massage so firm it was just shy of assault and Phil murmured old climber sayings and preparations to battle…
‘Dry your eyes princess… You need to harden up… Funny, you make that look really hard…’
…Until Rockhard politely asked him to stop. 
Angry Possum explained the rules or the general lack thereof to Rockhard. 
‘Slackline duel, two go out, maybe one comes back.’
‘Maybe one?’
‘Not the first time both fall. Crux a champion though, great balance.’
Rockhard bristled at this. ‘I’m pretty good too, you know,’ he said. 
‘Crux better,’ said Angry Possum flatly. ‘Now you go out, no weapons, all hands and balance. One fall and over, that Pool of Death.’
Rockhard asked the obvious question.
‘Pool of death? Is it full of crocodiles?’
‘No.’
‘Sharks?’
‘No.’
‘Piranhas?’
‘No.’
‘Some other form of man-eating-’
‘NO!’
‘Then why,’ asked Rockhard exasperated, ‘is it called the Pool of Death?’
‘It empty.’
To demonstrate, Angry Possum held up a claw for quiet and kicked a pebble over the edge. In the sudden eerie silence, the group heard it clatter against the side and a worrying amount of time later, finally hit bottom and come to a halt. It must have started as quite a deep pool originally. 
It turns out the inky blackness was poor lighting after all, thought Rockhard. Damn. 
Rockhard took up his place at the end of the slackline. It was attached to a reinforced pole buried deep in the ground. It stretched for about one metre before continuing over the empty pool of death to the other side where Crux waited. Angry Possum was already hurrying over via zip line to assist him. The climbers watched in gloomy silence as Crux was fussed over by his minion. His pieces of climbing paraphernalia were removed, clothing adjusted and all loose items tucked away. Even the Dark Nut Key was carefully passed across to Angry Possum, who reverently took it and hung it from a chain necklace. 
The climbers quietly watched on from their side. 
‘Want any help out there?’ asked Larderman, breaking the silence.
‘No.’ replied Rockhard.
‘Sure? I have a throwing skillet that could easily-’
‘No!’
‘Alright then.’ 
‘Too obvious!’ chimed in Fock. ‘But y’know, if you want someone to give the line a bit of a flick, just give me a shout.’
‘Thank you both,’ said Rockhard wearily. ‘But I’m going to do this above board.’
‘Fine,’ said Fock. ‘It’s our funeral.’
Preparations done, Crux and Rockhard stepped on to their respective ends of the slackline. The audience began tapping out a slow beat on with their claws, weapons or equipment. It echoed around the stadium, getting faster and faster until the two opponents moved from their places and approached each other to a background of roars and cheers. 
They met in the middle and the fight began. Crux was clearly confident in his balance but Rockhard was no slouch either. They both threw punches, kicks and even the occasional charge to try to knock the other off the line. By and large throws were out. There weren’t any rules against it, but it’s hard to throw someone when you’re balance is precarious and they will probably be holding on to you as they go. So they stuck to swings and pushes, sometimes using the slackline itself to create a bounce in the line, or even unexpected slack to throw them off balance. 
 ‘Sweep the legs!’ screamed Phil wildly. As a lump of sentient rock, he was as fanatical and capable as many armchair-based sports enthusiasts. ‘I could do better!’ he continued. ‘Take his bloody head off!’
‘How’s he doing?’ asked Larderman, who couldn’t watch and was staring at the ground. 
‘Not too bad,’ said Fock. ‘I think he-’
There was an audience wide ‘ooooh’ as a well-placed kick sent Rockhard flying back and almost off the slackline. He managed to get purchase with his left hand and awkwardly swung around. Crux meanwhile hadn’t pressed his advantage and took the moment to arrogantly wave to the crowd while Rockhard got to his feet.
‘Hit back princess!’ screamed Phil.
‘Ok,’ said Fock in a level tone. ‘He might be in trouble.’ 
‘You sure?’ asked Larderman desperately. ‘I mean we’ve both seen him fight pretty well before!’
‘Well yes, but slackline duelling is an art in itself. He might be able to-’
Fock was cut off by another ‘ooooh!’ of audience appreciation. Rockhard had successfully somersaulted over Crux only to be met by a fist as he landed on the line, forcing him back several paces to get his balance and shake the stars from his vision. 
‘All right,’ said Larderman finally looking up. ‘We need a plan.’
Something shiny caught his eye. It was just a glint from the other side of the stadium, but it was clear where it came from. Glamrock was urgently moving along the rows of seating. He quickly pushed along the lines of Ferals, talking animatedly and occasionally pausing to flash something metallic in the light. 
‘Glamrock’s up there!’ he said. ‘What’s he up to?’
‘No idea,’ replied Fock. ‘Backstabbing bastard was around the other side before. Showing off his miserable dollar I think. Bloody tightarse.’
Larderman didn’t reply, he was too busy concentrating on the distant figure. It was weird, he really did look like he was showing off his money to the ferals. Seemed risky from his point of view. If you’re an old skinflint like Glamrock, then why show off cash to an army of individuals famed for stealing everything that isn’t nailed down? But sure enough there he was, bold as day. 
The crowd’s ‘ooohs’ became ‘aaaahs’ and Larderman looked back to the fight. Rockhard feigned back and sent a strike aimed at Crux’s chest. Crux leaned back out of range, but put himself off balance. As he reached maximum lean, his eyes widened as he realised Rockhard’s true move. With his backhand on the slackline, Rockhard sprang forward with his back foot, aiming a sweeping kick that knocked Crux’s legs out from under him. 
Time slowed, Crux tumbled in the personal, slow motion familiar to all climbers who’ve taken a whipper. He fell past the slackline, his hands reaching out for some purchase, but it was just too far.
Crux fell.
Then somehow, in direct violation of the laws of gravity, he stopped.
Rockhard stared in disbelief as Crux dangled face down in mid-air with no obvious connection to anything. With an evil grin he spun around and grabbed at something unseen and pulled himself back up through thin air to the slackline. 
‘You’re connected!’ yelled Rockhard. 
‘Invisi-sling. You’re not the only one who knows of magical climbing pro.’
‘Cheating bastard!’
The fight started again, more furious than before. Crux pushed his advantage as Rockhard was forced backwards towards the possum end of the slackline. Crux danced along the line, all pretence forgotten as he delighted in knowing he was safe. At the climbers end, Larderman, Phil and Fock yelled tips and warnings, but they were lost in the roar of the crowd as Rockhard was pushed back further. Despite desperate blocking, a two handed shove from Crux sent him skittering back along to the near end of the slackline. Crux stayed where he was, idly bouncing on the line and cracking his knuckles. 
‘Alright, Crux,’ said Rockhard, recovering. ‘This is your last cha-’ 
But was cut off as Angry Possum grabbed his ankle from below and held him in place. He struggled but the grip was iron and he couldn’t keep his attention off Crux for long. 
‘Bad move,’ observed Crux. He finished cracking his knuckles and with a slight run-up, began speeding down the slackline with an obvious king (or prince) hit in mind. 
‘You think?’ said Rockhard. He dropped off the slackline, taking hold with one hand and savagely elbowing Angry Possum with the other. As the possum fell back screeching, Rockhard outstretched his elbowing arm and ripped the Dark Nut Key off the necklace. With a confident flip he bounced back onto the line and with all his strength, hurled it towards his charging opponent. 
Crux had just enough time for his eyes to widen as he saw it flatly spinning towards him like a thrown knife. Desperately he turned his charge into a forward somersault, his feet barely clearing it as it hummed past. There was the barest of flashes as it skimmed underneath him and continued before being fielded by Fock on the other side.  
Crux stumbled to an abrupt halt, slightly pale but intact. 
‘You missed!’
‘Really?’ said Rockhard in a singsong voice.
‘Think Crux, what does it do? It removes protection!’
Crux’s hands flew to his back loops as he desperately felt around for the invisi-sling but it was gone. This was another mistake as he hands should have been held up in front to protect himself. He was wide open for the solid kick from Rockhard that sent him back to the middle point of the slackline. It was a great, if often frowned upon sort of kick. Upgrading the standard audience ‘ooooh’ to a heartfelt ‘ooowwww!’ (with sympathetic groin covering). 
Rockhard moved forward along the line, to get closer to Crux and stay out of range of Angry Possum’s grabs. Crux on the other hand sat on the line with legs curled, looking down and taking deep breaths. 
Crux glared at him with hatred (not to mention tears) in his eyes. ‘You think things are even? Oh I’m through playing fair with you!’
Rockhard was about to question Crux’s warped definition of fair when he shouted an order in Possum. All around the stadium the watching possums stood up in unison and roared back. As far as the fight was now concerned, this wasn’t audience appreciation. This roar meant audience participation. 
Rockhard and the climbers looked around, taking in the total enemies and noting how worrying long this took. Not even the most poor-sighted referee in history had been the focus of such violent hatred. 
‘So about that plan?’ Fock asked Larderman. 
‘Well…’ said Larderman. ‘Um… At least the Ferals aren’t joining in?’
‘Of course they will,’ said Glamrock, suddenly amongst them.
‘Glamrock!?’
‘Excuse me,’ he said, getting up on a large rock. ‘Also this means we’re square right?’
The climbers looked on in confusion as Glamrock stood on the rock, waving his iridescent chalk bag in one hand and dollar in the other. The Ferals looked on and cheered, taking to their feet in turn. 
‘AWWRIGHT YOU FILTHY LOT!’ screamed Glamrock. ‘TAKE NO PRISONERS!’ 
As one, the Ferals shouted their response: 
‘AND LEAVE NO VALUABLES!’ 
They swarmed across to the Possum held areas, screaming and waving weapons. The Dark Possums, all ready for a fight were somewhat confused by the change in cast but rallied. They ran right at them and the two sides met in a crunch of claws, clubs, stick-clips and body odour that wasn’t pleasant on either side. 
The climbers stood in shock as the battle got properly underway. Phil was the first to recover. 
‘Glamrock?’ he said to the background of war cries. ‘I didn’t know you were the Feral King.’
‘King?’ said Fock. ‘Uh we still don’t know what’s going on.’ 
‘I wasn’t king,’ said Glamrock, ‘not for a long time. But that all changed now that I’ve got the dollar back!’
He held it up to them. Through a tiny hole, it hung off a piece of string around his neck. At first it looked like an ordinary dollar, shiny but slightly bent and chipped in places. But it was much larger and heavier than a standard coin for one thing. However the main difference, and you had to think to look for it, was the personal profile on the coin’s “heads” side.
It was Glamrock.
‘Oh of course!’ cried Phil in the smug tone of the bingo winner. ‘Sovereignty symbol? The Sacred Dollar of the Ferals, yes? Very important, makes sense of course now that I think about it. I bet The Ogslaught didn’t bother inspecting it too closely. He’s only interested in the money destined for his hand. No one really knows much about Ferals do they?’
‘Since the dollar went missing we’ve been a scattered lot. More than usual I mean. We’re not a popular group with the other climber tribes, I’m not surprised so many of us wound up being used by Crux. But not anymore! 
Taking the coin off and whirling it around his head, Glamrock ran into the fray. Larderman wondered just how many possums were going to finish today with Glamrock’s profile permanently dented into their head. 
‘Well it’s certainly given him a lot more confidence,’ he said. ‘But-’
‘Oh it’s perfectly simple,’ interrupted lecturer Phil. ‘Do you really think the Ferals are going to have crowns handy? They scavenge almost exclusively to enable the continued pursuit of mad climbs. They value leftovers, undiscovered climbs and dry clothes, they rarely have much on them. But their dollar? That’s useful, a man who’s always got that handy must be important. I suppose they’re not the sort to take orders from anyone. Not unless he’s one of their own and can prove his quality. A single special dollar beats royal birthmarks in my book. I wonder how their succession works?’
The discussion was interrupted by a dozen or so possums that had managed to extricate themselves from the larger fight and found a smaller one. Fock adopted a fighting stance and Larderman produced a couple of melee pans as they fanned out. 
‘Alright Phil,’ said Fock, picking him up and winding his arm back. ‘As before, you lead the charge…’
Back on the slackline, Rockhard fought off possums as Crux struggled to get to his feet. Ducking a wild claw, he shoulder barged a possum and sent it flying back into its friends, sending two of them into the blackness below. The rest retreated, leaping for the relative safety of the platform beneath the start of the slackline. 
This conveniently brought their heads level with Rockhard’s feet and he frantically kicked as more possums poured out of the battle towards him. Soon they were just a mass of fur, teeth and claws. 
‘You won’t get out!’ called out Crux. ‘The Ferals may have turned against me but no one will save you from me and my Dark Possums. So what’s your move now?’
‘Every climbers last move,’ said Rockhard. ‘A flying leap.’
He began sprinting down the slackline towards Crux, Possums pouring on to the slackline to give chase. They began to catch up, but Rockhard was only a few short metres away from Crux when he planted one foot firmly down and jumped. Surprised, Crux didn’t have time to move before being hit by the full force of the flying climber. Grabbing and scrabbling, they both fell. Rockhard got hold of the slackline with one hand, Crux got hold of Rockhard’s leg the same way. 
The slackline wasn’t designed for the sudden weight of all the possums and two climbers to be so concentrated. Creaking and twanging under the tension, the slackline dipped into a giant ‘V’, the climbers dangling in the middle. Crux swung desperately on the end of Rockhard’s leg as pursuing possums rained down into the darkness, all caught out by the sudden change in angle. 
Only one huge possum managed to get hold as it went passed. It grabbed Rockhard around with waist, hissing with fury but not completely sure of what else to do. It wanted to attack but instinctively knew this would be as sensible as stomping a spider on a landmine. 
Crux didn’t have the concept or cares for this anymore. Howling with rage, his self-control broken beyond repair, he grabbed a handful of possum fur and let go of Rockhard’s leg. Hand over hand he wrenched himself up the back of the possum that was finding its position worsening by the second. Holding an ear, Crux snatched a large dagger out of its belt and raised it above his head.
‘Idiot!’ yelled Rockhard. ‘We’ll both fall if you do it!’
Crux paused for a second. Then he cocked his head to one side and shrugged. 
‘FALLING!’ he screamed and started his swing. 
With his spare hand too far to reach effectively, Rockhard grabbed the nearest thing – a large handful of wiry possum whiskers – and pulled hard enough for his hand to come away full. 
The possum screeched and covered its face protectively, letting go of Rockhard in the process and both it and Crux began tumbling away. 
What happened next was judged by many observers to be the best dyno in climbing history. With the weight drastically reduced, Rockhard was launched skyward by the slackline. As he rose he later said the main thing he remembered was watching Crux swing the dagger past his eyes before falling into darkness. 
TWOOOING! 
Even some in mid-battle stopped to watch him rise like a firework. He flew to the opening that marked the start of the throne room above and slapped both hands over the edge, the sound echoing around the duel chamber. It was later agreed that one hand would have been more impressive. Perhaps a wave or something with his spare hand, but he just hung for a second before scrambling up to the throne room. 
All the same, it was a bloody good dyno. 
The Ferals began falling back as more possums piled into the stadium. Glamrock was still in the fray, yelling tactics and orders to sack the kitchens. Larderman paused after braining a possum with Phil to yell to Fock.
‘Up there!’
They both watched Rockhard’s legs vanish over the edge before he looked back down and gave a wave. Fock scrambled up a nearby rap rope and pulled out the Dark Nut Key. 
‘Catch!’ 
The Dark Nut Key sailed up into the throne room and clattered along the floor. Rockhard picked it up and looked back down into the battle below. Dark Possums were entering in force, increasingly outnumbering the Ferals. 
‘GO!’ he shouted. ‘REALLY NOT SAFE!’
‘C’mon,’ said Phil, ‘I think this whole place is about to come down.’
Larderman ran up to Glamrock, only just missing a coin-delivered bludgeoning. 
‘Glamrock! There’s too many possums and this place is about to come down. Get everyone out!’
‘Never!’ yelled Glamrock, drunk on adrenalin and reacquired power. ‘We’ll fight to the death!’
Larderman thought quickly. ‘They’re here to collect camping fees!’ 
Glamrock stopped dead. ‘Everybody out! RETREEEAAT!’
Ferals swarmed for the exits. Up in the throne room Rockhard ran towards the Holy Hex. He placed one hand on it and pulled out the Dark Nut Key. Once again they took on their respective takes on a glow, sensing they were about to be used. But suddenly remembering climbing ethics and safety, Rockhard ran back to the edge.
‘Rock!’ he shouted, warning those below. It didn’t feel right though... Didn’t quite capture what he was about to do. Then inspiration struck. He took a deep breath and ‘CAAASTLE!’
Much better he thought, running back to the Holy Hex and raising the Dark Nut Key. 
As before, the rumble started slowly, but built quickly. Within seconds it went from a gentle hum to something that threatens to shake teeth out. What few Ferals were left scattered into tunnels or up the rap ropes to the main gate. The Dark Possums looked at each other, suddenly unsure of their victory, like a boarding party that successfully took the titanic just as the deck began to tilt. A feeling that only increased as the Holy Hex slid out of its placement and straight to Rockhard’s outstretched hand, causing the walls and ceilings to start collapsing. Castle Crux was raised much more suddenly and violently than Castle Rockhard; the return to ground was going to be just as fast. 
Larderman, Fock and Phil came over the edge into the throne room as Rockhard ran past. 
‘Keep up!’ he yelled.
They sprinted for the exit, joined by the last of the Ferals pouring out of the castle. Everyone stumbling and scrambling as the floor bucked like a bull and multi-tonne slabs of rock fell from the ceiling. 
‘The doorway!’ yelled Fock. The once impressive doorway was sinking fast as they approached. The castle tore itself apart with the strain of being raised and dropped again so soon. Scrambling underneath the last part of the doorframe above ground, they popped out the other side like a rogue fly escaping a nostril. Tumbling head over heels and over each other, they came to a bruised and battered halt in an undignified pile. Behind them the walls and spires drove themselves into a sinkhole as if pushed by an invisible hand. Castle Crux fell into the ground like a downed submarine falling into an ocean abyss, caving in on itself as it gives way to the pressure. 
Around them the Ferals cheered as it all crumbled into the earth, blasting dirt and debris in all directions. 
The climbers huddled in this sudden sandstorm, listening to the occasional thud of heavier rocks from above hitting the deck around them. Coughing and spluttering, they called out to each other.
‘Hech! Everyone ok?’
‘Yeah.’
‘Sure.’
‘No prob – HACHH!’
‘Anyone got Phil? It’ll take ages to find him otherwise.’
‘I’m good!’
‘Oh…’
Slowly, the silhouettes in dust became climbers again as visibility returned. Where Castle Crux had stood was now debris spiralling into a hole, the final tower breaking up and vanishing like foam in a sink. 
‘Well…’ said Rockhard. ‘That was an epic’.
The others nodded in mute agreement. 
‘But we got the Holy Hex! Come one we need to get this back to Cliffedge, the castle is waiting.’
He strode back along the path, riding the adrenalin wave. Not so energetic, the others looked at each other, shrugged and walked after him.
Rockhard paused as he was struck by a thought that often follows an epic climb.
‘It’s getting dark. Anyone got a head-torch?’
Too tired to speak, they all shook their heads.
‘Typical.’

OFF BELAY!

(THE END)




About the author.

Based in Canberra, Samuel Ogborn is a frustrated writer with a great love of the outdoors. This story drew on his three major influences of rock climbing, comedy and procrastination.

Want more? Leave feedback at:
talesfromtopout@gmail.com
http://talesfromtopout.wordpress.com
