Confessions of a Dating Fool

Thomas Dunker



Smashwords Edition
Published By:
Thomas Dunker on Smashwords


This book and others by Thomas Dunker are also available in print at Amazon.com

Cover Photo: © Diman Oshchepkov / http://www.Dreamstime.com

Copyright © 2008 by Thomas Dunker

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping, or by any information storage retrieval system without the written permission of the publisher except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

Smashwords Edition License: This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.


*****


CONTENTS

Introduction

CHAPTER 1: The Whitney Museum in New York
CHAPTER 2: The Doll in Vermont
CHAPTER 3: An Online Date in Scottsdale
CHAPTER 4: My Last Tango in Paris
CHAPTER 5: Christmas in Milwaukee
CHAPTER 6: The Girls from Omaha
CHAPTER 7: L’Orange Café in Phoenix
CHAPTER 8: A Sunset in Naples
CHAPTER 9: A Starry Night in Wisconsin
CHAPTER 10: Trekking in Nepal
CHAPTER 11: A Party in Napa Valley
CHAPTER 12: A Beach in Santorini

About the Author

*****


INTRODUCTION

Dating is such a trip. It’s certainly one of the main topics in conversation when we’re single, and it often comes into play in discussions with married friends as well. And why not—we are social animals, and socializing is deeply woven into the fabric of our lives. 
The immense diversity in the human genome assures us that every date is an adventure into the limitless world of human emotions. Practice might make perfect, but not in dating, which is an adventure like no other. In part, that’s because it takes us into the world of human feelings, the last great frontier, on this planet anyway. It can make us so happy that we feel like we’re floating on a cloud of bliss, and yet be so heartbreaking we think we’ll never recover. In a way, marriage is the greatest rescue plan of our lives; it takes us out of the dating world. Of course, it creates another kind of adventure, but this book doesn’t go there. This book is simply twelve great stories spun out of my own experience in dating.
Men and women are so different in their wiring, goals, and expectations as well as emotional and physical needs that anyone would be a fool to bet on the outcome of a date. Oh yes, you might win your bet, but you shouldn’t be surprised if something you never imagined happens. Sometimes the outcome is a good one and sometimes it isn’t, but we all have to deal with whatever happens. Since I’ve been surprised on so many dates, I’m actually more inclined to expect the unexpected. I hope my readers will enjoy my stories. 
Special thanks to my twin sister, Gina Lake, who has heard all of my stories, edited them, and loved me through all my adventures in life.

T.D.
December, 2008


*****


CHAPTER 1
The Whitney Museum in New York

Her name was Susan.
It was Saturday night, early one autumn evening. The city was just starting to come alive. Cabs were everywhere in anticipation of the rush to a million dinners, movies, shows on and off Broadway, parties, galas, fund raisers, and every kind of event that happens in New York City on a Saturday night. 
My friend Kaitlyn talked me into the blind date for a museum party just hours before I would be expected to call on the mystery woman. It was the eleventh hour, and she pleaded with me, “Please do it for me. I swear you’ll like her.” I didn’t do blind dates, which is what everyone says, but I really meant it because it was true. Nonetheless, I said yes after being reminded that I owed Kaitlyn a very big favor for getting me out of a jam I got in for a social faux pas I committed a few weeks ago. I did plenty of those, for sure, but not blind dates. 
Kaitlyn told me very little except that my date’s name was Susan, she was tall, and we’d get along fine. Kaitlyn repeated herself at least three times, without adding any new information. Ordinarily, that would have been a red flag. Information, as everyone knows, is vital in the decision to go or not to go. But I was in a bind. I owed her, and that’s the other thing she repeated at least three times. I caved. It didn’t make any difference to me really because I get along with just about everyone. It was a done deal anyway. 
I had to call Susan. It was the polite thing to do, of course. That, and hearing a person’s voice, can really make a difference for setting the tone and enhancing (or destroying?) the anticipation. I called her an hour or so after Kaitlyn cornered me. Susan sounded nice enough, with kind of a sweet sing-songy voice, maybe with a touch of Texas? Or maybe North Carolina? I get those two accents confused; both share an edge of the Deep South. But with no time to chat, we quickly fixed seven-thirty as the time I’d call her from her lobby, or her doorman would.
My blind date lived about fourteen blocks from me on the Upper East Side. I walked down from my place on East Eighty-second Street and then east on East Seventy-second Street, bound for a very tall apartment building on the southwest corner at York Avenue. That’s where Susan lived. From there, we’d jump a cab to a friend’s pre-museum cocktail party, also on the Upper East Side, for a warm-up before leaving for the night’s big event: a fund raiser for the Whitney Museum, at the Whitney Museum on Madison at Seventy-fifth. Attire was formal, black tie, but with a color scheme of black and silver. 
I wore a tux and skipped the silver thing after rejecting the first idea that came to me as totally over the top: painting my face silver like the Tin Man in the Wizard of Oz. So gauche! The thought of looking like that totally nixed any other ideas for accessorizing with silver. Besides, I didn’t have any clothes that were silver, and I certainly didn’t have accessories, not even a silver watch. Let Susan do some silver thing, I told myself; I was taking a pass. Thinking about all the possibilities for the evening, I entered the lobby of her building, greeted indifferently by the doorman, which is standard doorman behavior.
That breath-holding moment (we all know) before facing the unknown occurred a few minutes past seven-thirty. Susan told the doorman to send me up, and suddenly I was standing in front of her door on the twenty-second floor of her high-rise, feeling the suspense everyone feels in my position—and hers. I buzzed, heard her heels clicking on the hardwood floor as she approached the door, and said a little prayer for a good outcome. The door opened. I blinked and said the only thing that could be said, and I said it loudly, like a cry for help: 
“Wow!” I exclaimed.
I was face to face with a life-size silver version of the Statue of Liberty. That was my first thought. “I’m going home now” was my second thought. But I stood there, absolutely still and totally speechless, looking at her while she waited for something more than “Wow,” maybe something like, “Hi, you must be Susan. I’m Tom.” She was indeed tall, at least as tall as me—every bit of six feet and probably more. All women over six feet seem taller than me, even though I’m six foot three. I was so used to lowering my gaze to converse with women rather than looking up. We were eye to eye, nose to nose, sharing the same altitude except that her Statue of Liberty crown of silver spikes put another nine inches on her, almost above my sight line and quite close to the door lintel. She was wearing a black gown with a religious collar, probably to minimize coverage of the silver paint, and short, puffy mid-upper arm sleeves. Her face was painted silver—every bit of it. So were her arms. A silver cape flowed over her shoulders, well down her long black dress, with a smaller tail that was almost down to her silver slippers. I did the elevator thing on her with my eyes, and all I could come up with was another, “Wow!” and stupidly, it was just as loud as the first one. The seconds ticked by, long, slow seconds. And I’m not someone who’s often at a loss for words.
She broke the silence of our lost-in-space moment with, “Pretty wild, huh?” 
I had to agree, nodded, and found my voice by mimicking her: “Yeah, pretty wild.” 
I hadn’t made up my mind. Honestly, I didn’t know what to think. Other than the whole statue thing, I didn’t have a clue about what her face looked like, though her hair was chestnut, bobbed enough to expose a long thin silver neck. More silver. I couldn’t see anything that I might want to kiss later, which caused any amorous thoughts to disappear faster than the pop of a party balloon. My thoughts for the evening were heading south, and the best I could hope for was a dead cat bounce.
She was clearly enthused about my whole look, although she might have been reacting to my height. Tall girls love tall guys. She was bold, that much I could say, and in a split second, I decided to go with it, so I proclaimed: 
“Why not—it’s a party!” I followed up with a friendly introduction. “I’m Tom and you’re Susan!” 
“Nice to meet you, Tom. Please, come in.”
I stepped into the foyer to help her with her wrap while we worked our way through the initial chatter about Kaitlyn and the party, establishing in my mind a glimmer of hope that we could co-exist and maybe even have some fun along the way. 
I complimented her on her cornering of the silver market, maybe in those exact words, and asked about her “sweet and alluring” accent. I remember saying “sweet and alluring” because those words exactly described her voice, and her accent was exactly that. I was beginning to think she was that way too. I was still guessing Texas or North Carolina, but now leaning on the latter, maybe Georgia. She told me she moved to New York only a month ago from Charlotte (Ah ha, Charlotte!), where she had worked for an interior designer. She wasn’t sure what she wanted to do in New York, so evidently she had some money to burn. She looked like she had some money. I confess, she was stylishly silver, in an avant-garde way. I could see some fine antique furniture in her place, although her undecorated apartment, with its stacks of unopened boxes, didn’t reveal much of anything else. 
She was charming, and we conversed as if we had known each other for a while. She was borderline loquacious, which was okay, as I wasn’t really feeling chatty. I could tell she was pleased with her whole look and her ability to have an effect on me. As she talked, the sweetness of the South was pouring out of her, though clearly not out of her pores, not the painted ones anyway. I wondered about that. I think I’d read somewhere that a body can suffocate if entirely coated in paint. Surely her whole body wasn’t painted, though every inch I could see was, indeed, silver. It was captivating, actually, although what she really looked like was a mystery, and I imagined would remain one every minute of the evening ahead of us.
It didn’t take long before I bought into her whole look as kind of cool. I quickly got over not knowing what she looked like under all that face paint; that would have to wait until another time, IF there was another time. “Bold,” “show-stopping,” and “almost overwhelming,” were all words that described her. That she was at least six feet tall without heels and minus a headdress made for an imposing human being, all accoutrements aside, but with them… I was betting she’d stop every conversation at the pre-party when she walked in. I wasn’t able to guess what would follow, but surely we’d come face to face with pin-drop silence. New York could be a pretty tough place, and mob rule was second nature. I feared that Susan would be a target. 
We waved goodnight to the doorman and his open mouth, and ten minutes later we arrived at the threshold of my friend’s apartment for the warm-up to the gala at the Whitney. We took our first step into his living room, which was standing room only. I spotted Kaitlyn a few people away, to my right, and our eyes locked for a second in anticipation. We both looked at each other instinctively on pause, waiting to see what happened next. 
I won my bet. 
Susan’s entrance created a tsunami of jaw-dropping faces, and with the ensuing silence, the single second of suspense over her reception was palpable. I held my breath for the second time that night. Then, like a Hudson River breeze on a sultry summer night, I heard the same “Wow” I exclaimed at Susan’s door fifteen minutes ago echoing throughout the room, and then a round of spontaneous applause erupted. 
After a flurry of introductions, Susan’s Southern personality got her over all the speed bumps with ease. A cocktail or two later, everyone cabbed to the Whitney to begin mingling with a thousand other people well into the night. I danced with Susan only once, the only time she would, since she was fearful that overheating might cause a run on the silver market. I got it. The one time we danced was a slow one, and she was a very good dancer. The rhythm was right, and we swayed to Michael Carney’s band like two skyscrapers in sync. 
It was a fun evening of black and silver, more fun than I possibly expected, but one that would end, as Susan was ready to go home, passing on the after party that was forming up among my friends. She wanted to get the silver off and call it a night. I hailed a cab, climbed in the back seat with her, and we took off for her building. At her door, I made the usual promise to call tomorrow. I kissed her briefly on the lips, which was the only part of her face that wasn’t silver, thanked her for a fun evening, and said, “Goodnight.” Two minutes later, I caught a cab at the building’s entrance and told the driver to go to Swell’s, the “it” place. He knew where it was.
It was nearly two in the morning when I walked into Swell’s with an eye out for Kaitlyn, the great organizer, the woman I was no longer indebted to. She was in a big black leather banquette in the back—way back—with her date Chappie, my friend Chase, his girlfriend Dudley, and another couple, Doug and Julia, who shared my Midwestern roots—and not just by having normal names. I walked up, slid into the booth, and we commenced the assessment of the Whitney gala over serious cocktails, much of it about Susan. She did remarkably well and passed with flying colors, at least a silver medal, which seemed like a very funny thing to say at the time. The verdict was in: I should go out with her again, they said, whether I wanted to or not. Of course, I said I wanted to go out with her. I had to go out with her. After all, I wanted to know who was under all that paint!
Several timeless hours later, I hiked the twenty blocks home with dawn creeping into Manhattan from Queens. I was saturated by the gala evening, the camaraderie of my friends, and too many Kettle One martinis, dirty and up. The walk did me good.
I’m just thankful the year was the two-hundredth anniversary of the United States. All of New York celebrated the nation’s bicentennial year. The Statue of Liberty—the real one—was the focal point that year. I think that helped the evening turn out as it did. Any other year, Susan would have been toast!
By the way, I had two dates with her after our blind date. She was good looking under all that silver, but it didn’t go anywhere.


*****


CHAPTER 2
The Doll in Vermont

Her name was Adrienne.
She was my boss. It was my first job out of business school. I was an Assistant Account Executive at a big Madison Avenue advertising agency, living in New York, New York. From my first day at work, which was a hot, steamy summer day in the City, I wanted to impress the hell out her and everyone else with my work ethic. I assumed everybody else wanted to be the president of the agency some day too. But I’d be that guy. That was the plan anyway.
I have perfect recall of my first day at work. I showed up in the personnel office at quarter to eight on a Monday morning, fifteen minutes before the official start time. I was pitted out, stupidly, from walking thirty city blocks from my apartment on the Upper East Side on a day that was soaring to record heat. Thank God I wore the navy blue suit. Its polyester fabric didn’t cling, and it helped hide all the perspiration stains. Had I worn my other suit, the tan cotton one, I would have looked like I’d been hosed down by one of the doormen on the East Side washing off the sidewalk in front of his building. My agency was on Forty-fourth Street, across the street from Brooks Brothers, the source of my future wardrobe, one without polyester. 
I got to work fifteen minutes early, only to learn that I was actually an entire day early. When I walked through the door marked Personnel, I introduced myself to the receptionist, an older, stern looking woman who had entirely too many worry lines on her face. She recognized my name but confused me by asking me what I was doing in her office before my first day. She enlightened me by saying I wasn’t expected to report in until tomorrow. I didn’t really feel like a fool, like some people might have—nope, not me. I just looked at her and told her I couldn’t wait. I was ready—so what if I was a day earlier than expected? She smiled and had me wait a bit, but eventually, I was given a handful of forms and shown a cubicle on the fourth floor. 
The cubicle was rimmed with file cabinets under piles and piles of loose-leaf folders. It had become the floor’s junk room, and it sat in the middle of a handful of other empty cubicles that could have been clones. But it was my cubicle, and it had a desk and a chair, and it was the starting point of what I was sure would be a stellar career. I spent my first “unofficial” day filling out personnel forms and reading handbooks on agency policies. It was a snap. Later in the day, I was given an organization chart for the agency team assigned to the General Mills account, which was the agency’s biggest client, and I was told I’d be on that team, although my name wasn’t on the org chart yet. I couldn’t wait. I was anxious to learn who my boss would be, see my name on that chart, and get my career officially underway.
I was sure I could be the best Assistant Account Executive the agency had ever seen, and I was willing to do whatever it took. That’s what I said to myself and, of course, being a Midwesterner meant that honesty and ethics were deeply ingrained in that commitment, so I didn’t literally mean that I’d do anything. It wasn’t until the mid-morning of my second day that the nice lady I met the day before in personnel took me to Adrienne’s office, introduced us to each other, and spun on her heel to leave me with the encouraging words, “I hope I don’t see you again, at least not for a while.” She said that with a smile, on her way out the door. I didn’t have a clue what she meant. No matter—I was face to face with Adrienne and ready to work.
Before the day ended, I had learned that Adrienne was quietly known around the office as “The Doll,” a spin off of her last name, which was Dollinger. Cute as hell—she was a doll, so it made perfect sense to me. She was indeed very attractive and fit my image of a senior executive in a Madison Avenue agency. She looked polished and very stylish, yet business-like, but not in a hard way like businessmen can look. She had a subtle air of quiet strength and confidence about her, yet she retained the soft edges of femininity. Like me, she was from the Midwest, which might have had something to do with why we hit it off right away. She was from Illinois, somewhere on the far northwest side of Chicago. I was from Wisconsin. I grew up outside of Milwaukee on Lake Michigan, just north of the city, only a hundred miles north of Chicago. We weren’t exactly neighbors growing up, but she reminded me a little of the older sister of one of my buddies back home. I was sure I was going to like working for her, and not just because she was so easy on the eyes. After an hour with her, it was easy to see that she was very together, clearly competent, and very focused, with nothing airy about her. I was looking forward to learning a lot from her. A lot.
The first six months as an ad guy were almost behind me. Those steamy hot August days were distant memories, all overrun by a quick but colorful autumn in Central Park and the early onset of cold winter winds whipping up and down the city’s cavernous avenues. Winter was wild in New York that year, almost fierce, making the walks to and from work brutal when the wind was up. Lots of snow fell, and a couple of nasty northeastern blizzards hit in early January, which sent commuters home prematurely. It didn’t take much of a snowfall to shut the city down and make getting around difficult. In the first few hours of any heavy snowfall, city life was threatened into an uncommon silence, as blankets of white crystals smothered the mayhem and turned the city into an unbelievably beautiful winter wonderland. Sadly, the beauty of it all never lasted very long.
I was a hard worker, learned a lot, and kept at it with a diligence that was single-minded toward making my client contacts very happy. I must have been doing some things right because shortly after the beginning of the New Year, I was surprised with a “secret” bonus that required a pledge of silence. In fact, I was told that I’d be fired if I told anyone. No one was to know—not a soul. It became clear that salary and bonuses were top secret and not to be discussed by anyone, ever. Adrienne knew about it, of course; she had engineered it all, and being my boss, she was the one who gave it to me. I thanked her and swore I’d keep it a secret. It wouldn’t be the only time that silence would be the best policy.
In late January, the agency’s Toyota account team was buried under its own blizzard of work that was required for a big mid-February plans presentation to the client. All the TV campaigns would be reviewed along with the copy and media strategies. The stakes were high—millions of billing dollars could flow in or out of the agency’s coffers as a consequence of these presentations. It was a three week push before the big meeting, and every team member was under the gun and committed to putting in the time. No one was leaving the office before eight o’clock at night, and like a lot of the other junior executives, I was working till midnight, night after night, and showing up in the mornings as early as six. I had earned a real office the month before, one with a door and four walls that went from the floor all the way up to the ceiling. It had one window overlooking a dingy air shaft, but it was a fantastic improvement over the cubicle I’d started in. It was quiet and it was private. The latter quality was especially nice. It meant I could get a lot done in peace and expect a modicum of privacy whenever someone dropped in.
On the last Thursday of January, Adrienne walked into my office late in the afternoon. She was wearing one of Diane von Furstenburg’s wrap-around dresses in a bright red geometric print, one of many geometries that made up the latest rage for executive women who were looking for alternatives to dressing in business suits like men wore. She looked great.
“How’s it going?” was her entry line as she propped her slender frame against the slender frame of my open door. Her frame had a lot more curves.
“I’m doing great,” I replied and asked, “Wanna meet over something?” 
“No,” she said, hesitating for a moment, as if in search of a word. “Do you ski?” It was the first question she had asked of me in two weeks that didn’t have anything to do with work.
“Yeah,” I replied, “but it’s been a while. Never in the East. You?”
She enlightened me. “Yeah, a lot lately, in Stowe. I have a ski rental up there for the month, and this weekend is my last weekend.” I knew that Stowe was in Vermont. It was a pretty famous place for skiing. She continued, “I booked it last summer.”
Right away I felt bad for her, thinking she would have to give up her last weekend, with the big work push underway. I guessed too that it probably cost a bundle. I waited for her pain and watched her look shift from me to the ceiling and then back to me. I could tell something was up.
She laid it on me: “If you’re not doing anything this weekend, we could drive up there tomorrow afternoon, turn it into a weekend of work, but get a little skiing in.” She paused, looking for a reaction from me.
This weekend scenario ran through my mind quickly—very quickly. I didn’t have any plans, but that didn’t make it a good idea. I stalled, wanting more information. She read my thoughts.
“We could leave the City at five tomorrow—I’ll drive—and be in my cabin by midnight. It’s a big place, a couple of bedrooms, close to the slopes. We can work Saturday morning, ski in the afternoon, work some more at night, work some more Sunday morning, take another run, and drive back at the end of the day. Easy.”
It flowed from her like it had been rehearsed. She had thought this through but must have been wondering if I’d take a pass because I still hadn’t said anything. 
“So, to ski or not to ski? That’s the question, Tom.” The name at the end of the question was a nice touch.
Clearly, to me, she was my boss, and the only answer to her question was a resounding yes because I wanted her to know I was a terrific worker. How could I say no, especially knowing she needed all the numbers I was working on? Skiing was appealing too, no doubt about that. And I could tell she didn’t relish the idea of not using her cabin. Without missing a beat, right on the heels of her mauling of Shakespeare, I said “Yeah, let’s do it!” She smiled, happy with my acquiescence, and walked away, tossing a “Good!” over her shoulder.
When I walked into my office just before six that Friday morning, I was the first one on the floor. I stashed my bag in the corner of my office behind the door, out of sight. I didn’t need people in the office asking about my weekend plans. I’m sure Adrienne was counting on my discretion. Neither of us wanted anyone to get the wrong idea—or any idea at all, for that matter. At a little after five o’clock, we fled the office, separately, a minute apart, met outside a hundred feet uptown from the lobby entrance, and cabbed it to her parking garage near her place on the Lower East Side. She drove a BMW 650, a pretty hot car. It didn’t surprise me. It fit her. After a couple of hours of difficult but typical Friday traffic going north on I-95 toward Vermont, we broke free of it all, just as we left Connecticut behind us. At that point, it became evident that she didn’t particularly believe in speed limits. We’d be pulling into Stowe well before midnight if it didn’t snow en route.
It started snowing an hour out of Stowe, and it got heavier by the minute. Midnight was already behind us because of the snow, but that was fine; it promised exhilarating runs the next day through plenty of fresh powder. We made it to the foot of the driveway leading to the cabin, stopped by a three-foot snow drift, just short of the cabin’s front door by about a hundred yards. Snowshoes would’ve been nice, but all we had was perseverance with high stepping through the freshly fallen snow. This was done by me twice, once for each of our suitcases, which were shouldered alongside my head with one hand, while the other gripped one of the briefcases. Thankfully, her skis were already in the cabin. I would have to rent what I needed tomorrow. Adrienne’s arms were piled with two shopping bags of provisions acquired on the drive up. The second trip I made up the driveway was easier, as you might guess, because I traced my footsteps from the first trip. 
When I was done playing mule, Adrienne had the lights on, along with some music, and was fiddling with the contents of the shopping bags. The cabin was all cozied up, missing only a roaring fire in the fireplace. When I walked in with the second suitcase, I dropped a couple more shoefuls of snow on the threshold. The woodpile was just outside the front door under the eaves and stacked high with dry logs, waiting to be tossed into the fireplace. Instinctively, I knew that was my next mission.
Fifteen minutes later, with our coats off, we stood side by side in front of the fireplace, taking in the heat from the first flames of the fire I built. We watched as my fire lit up big, with the help of plenty of newspaper and three dry logs that were crushing lots of kindling. My competence was immediately reinforced. I went to the door and plucked my briefcase from the threshold, set it on the cabin’s only big table, popped the brass clasps, opened it, and spread my papers in a neat row, like race horses in the gate. I was ready to work. I glanced at Adrienne by the kitchen counter and at the bottle of red wine in her hand. It was already open and filling a wine glass. The drive had been long, the hour was late, but we were excited about being there. I was guessing that she was just as excited about the weekend ahead of us as I was. I felt giddy about the mission ahead and a chance to show her my dedication, not to mention showing off a little on the slopes, so I was thankful when she poured the red into a second glass, happy to celebrate our arrival with her.
“To a productive weekend and lots of fun!” she said, as she raised her glass. 
We clinked and I added, “Sounds good to me. Cheers!” The wine was very good, and I was very thirsty from the drive up. It hit the spot.
Then, for an instant, while we shared the moment in sipping our wine, standing face to face, barely two feet apart and looking directly into each other’s eyes, I felt I was on a date. It was an easy thought to have—a very easy thought to have. It was an irresistible thought, an unstoppable thought—for me, anyway. I didn’t have a clue what she was thinking, but I knew what I was thinking. Here we were, just the two of us in a woodsy cabin in a winter wonderland a million miles from anywhere. A fire is roaring in the fireplace and warming up the place, the edge of a week of work is behind us, the light of two floor lamps is soft, barely competing with the soft shadows from the fire’s flames, as they danced on every wall and surface. 
All this, and Adrienne is looking really good. Really good—every bit of a doll. And why not—she is, after all, “The Doll.” For a split second, I’m thinking only one thing, and the thought surprises me like a hot ember falling into my hand. Yeah, we might have something here, something more than logs might be igniting. And then the fantasy bubble popped with the realization that Adrienne is my boss. What was I thinking! “She’s your boss,” my inner voice repeated over and over: “Your boss, your boss, your boss! You work for her! Your career is in her hands,” it warned, “You better watch what you’re doing!” 
I look down into my wine glass, lean into it, swirl its deep dark lusciousness round and round the inside of the glass, inhale its full, robust, cherry chocolate bouquet, get a grip on my thoughts, and take another hearty sip and look up again, meeting her eyes, knowing that it’s going to be a very difficult weekend if I have to behave. And, surely, I have to behave. She’s my boss, undeniably.
With the renewed eye contact, I repeated her words, “To a productive weekend!” intentionally neglecting to reinforce the “fun” offered in her toast. I don’t think she noticed. After all, she surely was aware that I was there because I worked for her and we had a lot of work to do. Maybe, maybe we could get some skiing in, but we both surely knew what we had to accomplish before the weekend ended.
The wine was good; it was easy to drink. Adrienne pointed the way to the second bedroom, where I’d be staying, as she carried her bag into her bedroom. She said she was changing into some jeans. I did the same.
I returned to the living room a few minutes later, having used most of the time to unpack and the final thirty seconds realizing I wasn’t really tired. When I returned to the big room, Adrienne was wearing some old jeans and a white blouse, with a pink sweater slung loosely over her shoulders. She was seated on the couch, her legs curled under her, facing the fireplace with a fresh glass of red in hand. My glass also had a refill and was waiting for me on the coffee table between the couch and the fireplace. I sat next to her, glass in hand, sipped, and took it all in. It was a great fire, plenty of sputtering and crackle, lots of dancing flames licking the logs before spiraling upward, It put forth just the right amount of heat to make a room all toasty and, yes, romantic. 
We both stared into the fireplace, transfixed by the moment, with wine glasses held up high enough to catch reflections of flames in their crystal bowls of lustrously lit liquid. We chatted a bit, about work, about the drive, about stuff I mostly don’t recall. The wine was good. It was a beautiful moment. It was okay with me that Adrienne was my boss. It was all really very innocent. We weren’t doing anything other than sitting really close to each other, drinking wine, and whispering. (I don’t recall when exactly our conversation dropped to whispers.) With glazed eyes, we were watching the flames curl around the burning birch logs in a fireplace in a pine log cabin on a silent wintry night in the middle of the woods of Vermont, a million miles from everything and under a billion stars. 
Our heads turned, our eyes met, and then we leaned into each other and kissed with lips that barely touched. That first kiss, a kiss of ecstasy, carried the hint of a hidden hunger, an undeniable hunger. I pulled her closer to me. The room got a lot warmer, and I’m thinking the fireplace suddenly isn’t the only source of heat. For the first time, I inhaled her scent and ran my fingers through her chestnut hair, clutching gently, not wanting her to pull back. She didn’t. Her lips were soft and moist, like the little voice inside me told me they would be. The other little voice inside me told me I was kissing my boss and that I should pull back immediately before it was too late. I pulled back slowly, eased up on the throttle, and so did she, maybe with similar trepidation. I didn’t say anything, but I breathed deeply—a breath that she had taken away. We were both silent and went back to staring into the curling flames. 
A minute passed, another sip of wine for each of us, and then we set our wine glasses onto the coffee table at the same time, as if we both knew that we needed more of each other. It was a hunger that couldn’t go unanswered. I wrapped my arms around her as she held on to me, both of us lost in the moment, exploring a new mouth, a new scent, new sensations, and each other close up and tight in. We kissed hard and long, wanting, pausing only to come up for air before another deep dive. My lips moved across her cheek to an ear, and then lingered on the side of her neck before sliding down her jaw line to the base of her chin, and then slowly down the front of her neck. She was purring, with her head tilted upward, making her neck look like the most inviting pathway I’d ever seen. My lips slowly moved a little farther down to her open collar and then downward again a little more slowly, but not by much, only slow enough to take time for my fingers to undo the first of her buttons, then the second. I pulled her closer to me, and took every breath and sigh from her as encouragement for more contact, more tenderness, and more of each other. 
Then that little voice popped into my head again saying, “Stop! She’s your boss! Are you crazy!” I kid you not, dear reader. That voice was back, and loud and clear inside my head.
I slowly pulled away long enough to hear the voice of reason beg for the brakes, and then I leaned back on the couch, seeking but not wanting a little separation from her. Once again, we both paused in the glow of the fire, and in our glow, I’m thinking we were at the threshold of a moment of truth. I just wasn’t sure what the truth was. 
Adrienne moved to stand up, but not without a little untangling, followed by a sweet kiss to my cheek. She got to her feet and said she’d be back in a minute, then disappeared through the door to her bedroom, which was off to my left. I stared into the red hot embers and wondered what I’d do when she returned. It wasn’t an easy call, as I fought the “boss” thing. 
Two very long minutes later, Adrienne reappeared at her bedroom door. She was barefoot and didn’t move and perfectly framed in the doorway, wearing only a lacy light blue bra and matching panties, looking like she was right out of a Victoria’s Secret catalogue.
I held my breath over the sexiness of her beauty. A moment before, I thought the next step wasn’t an easy call, but now the call was easy. My eyes ran over every inch of her, imprinting, without any recall that she was my boss. That thought must have disappeared into thin air, like smoke shooting up the chimney, when she took a half step back into her bedroom.
Our eyes locked. “You coming to bed?” she asked seductively. “We have a big day ahead of us.”
I was at a loss for words and gave no thought to the big day ahead. All I could think of was the big night underway. I answered her question by pulling my shirt and sweater over my head in one swift motion and dropping the ensemble on the floor while walking toward her, as she disappeared back into her bedroom. I walked through her doorway, successfully fumbling with my belt.
We collided in a frenzy of lust on top of her bed. We were all over each other, breathless and gasping, our desire intense and rampant—and finally unbridled. We wanted each other and everything about each other, and nothing else mattered. We asked nothing of each other, while giving and giving as much as we had in us. Entangled and lost in a frenzy of caressing and kissing and tasting and rolling over and over, we came together and lost track of all that existed outside the room in a moment that was infinite. Covered in each other’s sweat, we were spent, and moments later fell asleep in each other’s arms.
When I awoke the next morning, sunlight was streaming through the split in the bedroom curtains, and Adrienne wasn’t in the room. I ambled into the bathroom, aware of the smell of bacon coming from the kitchen. I returned to her bedroom, stepped into my jeans, and walked into the kitchen, wanting to devour anything and everything she’d cooked up for us. She fixed a lot of food, not just bacon and eggs, but English muffins, oatmeal, and a bowl of mixed fruit. I ate it all, while little was said between us and with no acknowledgement of the night’s very real passion other than me saying, “Fun night!” That was followed by a smile from her, indicating she totally agreed, before diving into her coffee. The conversation slipped into plans for the day, and then the day just took off.
Adrienne and I worked all day and got so deep into our work that neither of us even thought skiing could be a possibility. By the end of the day, our documents were everywhere in some sort of organized chaos, laid out to assist us with the assembly of the first draft of our presentation. Food remnants were everywhere as well, as we had grazed through the day and into the evening on deli sandwiches, bananas and some other fruit, and a big bag of oatmeal cookies. We worked late into the evening, without the benefit of wine, and finally called it a night, making it official with exits to our separate bedrooms. We were exhausted, and a good sleep was the antidote for our mutual fatigue. 
Breakfast the next morning was another round of bacon and eggs, muffins, and anything else that was left from Saturday’s work marathon. Skiing was not on the docket this day either. Neither of us missed it; we knew what we had to do. There was simply too much work to be done, so we worked nonstop until mid-afternoon, finally calling a halt to it all and packing our bags for the drive back to the City.
Adrienne and I never talked about that night, as if it had never happened. And I never told anyone about it. It was one of those things meant to be kept between us. In the next three years at the agency, I had other bosses, but none like “The Doll,” of course. She became my mentor and had a lot to do with my success and rapid climb up the agency ladder. In my fourth year at the agency, I resigned for a plum job at another agency for an even speedier climb up the corporate ladder and an eventual move to Atlanta to be closer to my Coca-Cola clients. We lost touch with each other.
Six years and two ad agencies later, I was standing in front of the elevators at The Drake Hotel in Chicago. The doors opened, and for the first time in as many years, I bumped into Adrienne. She was flanked by three other very senior executives I knew from my days at her agency. I greeted the others warmly, then quickly turned to Adrienne for a warmer, more personal greeting. They all knew she had been my boss years ago. She looked fantastic and hadn’t changed a bit, but I was wrong about that—really wrong—as I was to learn momentarily.
“Adrienne!” I said with almost overbearing enthusiasm, “Hi! It’s so great to see you again. It’s been what? five years? six? Gosh,” I then blurted, “you look terrific!”
She looked at me blankly, with an expression of total bewilderment, absent of any recognition of me whatsoever. None. I was immediately stunned and glanced at the others for a flash of enlightenment, but they offered me nothing. Instead, they looked at Adrienne, indicating that it was her turn to speak.
“I’m sorry,” she said, and continued expressionless, “I injured my head in a ski accident three years ago and have no memory of my life before that. It seems that we knew each other in the past, but I have no recall. I’m so sorry.”
Upon hearing those words, not only did I easily recall the million moments we had worked together and what a friend she had been to me in the agency, I could vividly recall that one unbelievable night in Vermont, the one we had never spoken of. And now it was surely the night we would never speak of. Never.
I told her that she was the best boss I had ever had and I was so sorry about her accident. A minute later, we all parted. They went their way, and I pushed the elevator button again, ready to get on with my life. I was sorry over her memory loss, while I would always cherish a memory of a terrific boss and, for one unforgettable night, a terrific lover.


*****


CHAPTER 3
An Online Date in Scottsdale

Her name was Carol.

I am an attractive, affectionate, fit and athletic, fun-loving woman who is looking for someone special. I am currently separated, with my divorce finalizing soon. I'm basically a sunny, happy, successful person who looks at life with an optimistic viewpoint. In general, I am a calm and balanced person, but when I have fun, I go all out!

That’s how she described herself in her online dating profile. She said a lot more about herself, of course, but the above was her opening gambit, the part that caught my attention. Fit and athletic are particularly important to me because I’m fit and athletic. I like fun-loving too. Success is good, and so is balance. Might be something here!
In online dating, someone’s description and picture are very important. It’s all you have to go on for that decision to proceed or not. And yet, in my experience, almost everyone lies to get that first meeting. Then what? Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn’t; but when it doesn’t, expectations are unfilled and that, my friend, is the definition of anger, which is not a good emotion to create when meeting someone!
Carol’s photo got me interested enough to open the profile and find out more about her. There was only one photo, which is tricky because one photo can leave a lot of room for misrepresentation, intentional or not. I like to see several, especially ones that show full body shots, preferably in a context of activity, along with the usual close-up of the face. More photos mean more honesty and more information, making the decision to contact or not a lot easier. 
Carol had only one photo. Ordinarily, that would be a red flag, but that one photo was tantalizing, even if she was a little too obscure for me to really see what she looked like or get a sense of her. She wasn’t doing anything in the photo, just sitting at the end of a table with her elbow propping up her chin, trying to look sexy no doubt, but achieving only wistfulness and borderline boredom, at least that’s what I read into it. Ordinarily, that would be a red flag, but like I said, the photo was tantalizing. She had nice hair, flowing and shaped, with some wave that was a bit out there, almost breezy, but not too out there. It was nice. She had a look about her that I liked, a look that’s hard to describe, like someone who knew about the sweetness of a nice life but was seasoned by independence and rich experiences. Wow, isn’t it amazing what we think we see in a photo! I guess that’s why they say a picture is worth a thousand words. 
Another thing I liked about her photo was that she looked reasonably stylish, if stylish could be inferred from a black v-neck sweater, which was the only clothing item I could see. Ordinarily, limited input like that would be a red flag, but that one photo was—yep—tantalizing, even if black killed all the shadows that could reveal something about her figure. 
I reread her profile again, a little more carefully this time, trying to ferret out some extra insights. There was a lot to like about it, although the fact that she wasn’t actually divorced yet was a bit of a concern. Ordinarily, that would have been a red flag too, but the photo grabbed me, even though she might still be emotionally unsettled from the break up of her marriage.
There were a lot of possible red flags, but like I said, the photo was tantalizing. It was a tough call, but I decided to pursue contact, so I sent her an invitation online to meet me in person over an adult beverage. I didn’t want to spend time exchanging endless emails and phone calls before meeting her. I’d done enough online dating to know that the frequency and amount of contact before meeting someone had little to do with an ultimate attraction. If there isn’t chemistry in the first five seconds of meeting, whatever went on in all that foreplay of emails and phone calls won’t matter. 
Yep, chemistry is king, and both parties have to feel it at first sight or the goal shifts to ending the meeting as quickly as possible. Of course, having chemistry doesn’t necessarily mean that two people are meant for each other; it just provides the necessary green light to proceed in exploring the potential. Granted, sometimes, though rarely, a relationship can blossom without chemistry up front, but it doesn’t work that way with me ever—unless you count Celeste, that goofy plain Jane of a girl in my high school who, three years later, turned out to be the hottest cheerleader at the University of Wisconsin. But that’s an ugly duckling story, and they’re endemic to our childhoods.
Carol’s simple single photo worked for me. Did I say it was tantalizing? Oh, a million times already. Anyway, she agreed to meet me. We set a time and day: Thursday at six o’clock at Houston’s restaurant, at the bar. It was the Houston’s in Scottsdale on Scottsdale Road, a very popular watering hole for Scottsdale’s chic over-thirty crowd. The lights were always low, the kind of low that made you pause six feet inside the door so that your eyes could adjust. It was so dark that visibility didn’t improve much even after they adjusted. This meant that everyone started looking better the instant they walked in.
I got to Houston’s ten minutes early, which is typical timing for me on dates. Of course, the suspense was building, like it always does when meeting someone for the first time, someone you want to like, especially when meeting someone who gave you only one photo to work with, tantalizing as it was. That’s the operative word in this story: tantalizing. I love that word. According to the dictionary, it means to excite by exposing something desirable while keeping it out of reach. 
Anyway, six o’clock came and went, and she was now ten minutes late, still out of reach. In another five minutes she would no longer be fashionably late but chalked up as a no show. That’s never a good start for a relationship, but it happens. It didn’t happen this time, however, as a lone woman walked in and paused about six feet inside the door. My radar instantly identified her as the Carol I knew from the flip of her hair in the photo.
My radar is great for identification, but it also works for assessment, and my first impression was not a good one: Tantalizing didn’t come through the door with Carol. There was nothing tantalizing about her figure, even in the low lighting. She was a lot closer to fat than fit. This wasn’t a good start.
She walked right up to me, being easily identifiable at six foot three inches tall and bald, and smiled with a queried look, head slightly tilted down and eyebrows up, as if to say, “Is that you?” I put the greeting out first.
“Carol,” I said with total confidence, “how nice to meet you. I’m Tom.” And in a microsecond, I thought, “Now I’d like to go home,” but the minimum commitment was for a drink that I’d pay for, like most guys do on a first-time online date. Who knows—maybe her personality would shine, and its light would blind my superficial reaction to her? I decided to give her the benefit of a doubt.
“Hi,” she said. “Nice to meet you too.” 
She had a mushy three finger handshake, something that men generally don’t like because they’re so into firm handshakes as a factor in character assessment. And, she said nothing about being late. Ten minutes late was borderline okay, but an apology would have set her up as Miss Polite and respectful of my time, which would have been two good points on the scorecard. First impressions aside, my polite nature was determined to seek the good in her to make this meeting worthwhile, however unlikely it was that there’d be a second one. I was committed to a pleasant exchange, which is a good thing in a world that’s often short on civility. 
We seated ourselves at the bar for what could be called the obligatory drinks. After placing an order for a couple of glasses of an inexpensive Chardonnay that was agreeable to both of us, we jumped into a conversation that went in and out with snippets something like this:
“So,” I opened, “isn’t this online dating a trip? What an adventure it is.”
“Yeah,” she smiled in apparent agreement. I was looking for more from her, but not getting it didn’t disappoint me. Our meeting was looking like a dead end, so I’d take what I could get and not worry about working the conversation.
“Have you had much luck in meeting guys you like?” I asked.
“No, not really,” she sighed, making me wonder if I was included in that judgment. “Have you met anyone you liked?”
“Actually, I did,” I said. “Last year. We dated for almost a year and broke up a month ago.” Carol didn’t interrupt, expecting more apparently. I decided to give her a little more: “She had a lot of nice qualities, but it wasn’t meant to be.” Now Carol perked up on that. I figure girls always want to know what went wrong with your last relationship so that they can discover if it’s something that won’t work for them. I had her attention. 
“Why’d you break up?” she asked, clearly curious.
 “We had a lot of fun together, but we also had some big differences.”
“Like what?” Her curiosity was growing. It was a question that left me with a lot of latitude in answering. I could make a general statement, like we had different goals in life or not enough in common. Or I could throw out a racy fib, like she decided she was a lesbian, but I opted for something closer to the truth: “She was very religious, and I’m not,” I stated in a matter-of-fact tone, but that didn’t even get a lift of her eyebrow. 
“Oh,” she said, “does that mean the sex was bad?” 
I thought that was a curious comeback and wondered what the segue was. Online dating left the door open for all kinds of questions that would never be asked in the normal decorum of a date. 
“No,” I said, and made that a one word answer to her question and quickly moved to new territory—her territory. “You said in your profile that you were looking to start a new business. Like what?”
“Matchmaking.”
“Really?”
“Yeah. I’m good at fixing my friends up.”
“Any of them get married?” I asked.
“No.”
“Then how do you know you’re good at it? Isn’t matchmaking about marriage?”
“Not necessarily. It could just be about having fun. Maybe it leads to marriage. Maybe it doesn’t.”
“Okay. Maybe. Maybe you could make a business of it,” I said, agreeably.
“Well, I don’t know,” she said, clearly unsure of herself. “I mean, maybe I could help people find their soul mate.”
“Yeah, but you think you can do it for a living?” I hate the word soul mate, which may have tainted my tone. It’s such a chick word, but I get it. I’d just never use the word myself.
“What—you don’t think I can?” She must have read a little skepticism into my comment.
Our meeting could have turned south here because, of course, I didn’t think she could be a matchmaker—she couldn’t even “match” herself—but I was determined to keep it nice. “Look, I don’t know you and, you know…” I scratched my eyebrow and looked around the room, hoping for some enlightenment or relief. I continued, a little more upbeat, “Well, who knows, maybe you’d be great at it.” This was the best I could do while continuing to sound interested. 
Getting through a drink was quickly becoming a big challenge. I wasn’t sure I could do it. We hadn’t had any awkward silences in our conversation up to this point, but they would be making an appearance soon, I was sure. There was absolutely no chemistry, and I was sure she sensed it too. 
We had only been together ten minutes when I noticed her wine glass was empty. I decided to let it stay that way, from the point of view of my wallet. My glass is half full, but I’m feeling it should be empty, that I should down it, grab the check, and dash for the door. But I trudged on with our vapid conversation. My growing disinterest must have been evident, so I smiled a lot. Smiling is a great mask. I read some study that pointed out how an insult could be delivered without repercussions as long as it was said with a smile. People, it concluded, were more prone to react to what they saw than to what they heard. My smiling helped both of us.
Short of insulting her, I actually thought about challenging her on the “fit and athletic” claim in her profile. I get a little testy with online dates when their profiles stray dramatically from the truth. I was a sip away from challenging her. I held off, but only for a few seconds.
“Carol, writing a profile for this online stuff can be challenging.” I began that sentence not intending to actually confront her, but I was suddenly possessed by a devilish combination of curiosity and the pursuit of truth, and continued: “And,” I paused, “in your profile, you claimed…” I looked inward and asked myself how I could put this nicely. I leaned back a bit to finish the sentence, maybe to physically distance myself from her, paused, and started over: “Well, you claimed you’re fit and athletic, and I don’t really see that,” I said, swallowing tenuously, ready to get my head taken off. “Maybe I misread your profile?” There I put it out there, asking for her wrath, surely, or some riposte of an insult directed at me. 
“No, you read that right. I am fit and athletic. I play tennis once a week.” No offense was taken. It was her truth, apparently.
“Oh, yeah, great,” I replied, nodding in agreement and smiling, as if a moment ago I was just confused. “Yeah, you must be fit and athletic…definitely…tennis is demanding.” I backed off and immediately understood that she saw herself that way and that I’d been a cad to go there. Even so, I still didn’t think her description was honest, but like I said, it was her truth. I saw a different truth. For some reason, I think fit and athletic skews closer to aerobic instructors, but that’s me and my own weirdness.
“What else do you do, Carol? Got other plans for a business?” She didn’t seem to mind that abrupt switch to another topic, particularly since I sounded so interested. I was smiling.
“I don’t tell people this, at least not when I first meet them, but…you wanna hear?” 
I knew she was going to tell me, no matter what I said, but I was still being civil, so I lied and said, “Yeah, of course, tell me.” 
“I can tell people’s past lives just by looking at them.” She paused for a reaction from me. Clearly, this was a hit or miss statement for her with guys, so she paused and looked at me, wondering how I’d take this news. I took it, determined not to openly flinch or roll my eyes, and I took another sip of wine to get me closer to the end of this date. I should have just gulped the rest down, tossed a twenty on the bar, and walked out right then.
“Really,” I replied, “You can tell me about my past lives just by looking at me? Right here? Right now?” My civil tone was still operative because I didn’t even remotely believe in past lives and declined to tell her what a bunch of nonsense all that was to me. I’m now convinced that we are so not for each other. I smiled some more, waiting for her next statement, willing to ride this one a little longer, but eyeing the bartender, hoping he’d see that I was ready to give him my credit card. He didn’t.
Carol then reached over her empty wine glass to get to mine, picked it up, put it to her lips, and just before taking a sip, looked at me and said, “Do you mind?” seeking permission to have some of my wine. I didn’t mind at all. It might get us to the end of the date sooner.
“No, go ahead. Enjoy,” I said at the same time she drained my glass. I could have said, “There’s always more where that came from,” but I didn’t. I wondered if she thought that would trigger a request to the bartender for another round. Wonder or not, I didn’t see another round as a possibility. I don’t recall a date ever grabbing for my wine and polishing it off, but there’s a first time for everything, and online dating has surprised me and a lot of others with first times. Now, we both had an empty glass in front of us, which for me was the green light for my departure. I turned to her, contemplating the approach I should take for making our first meeting our last meeting.
She was looking directly into my eyes, as if she was trying to see the bottom of a well, something beyond my aqueous humor, making a thorough but assuredly fruitless penetration of my pupils, the windows into my psyche, perhaps. 
“I can see only one past life in you,” she said. “Usually I see more, but with you, I see only one.”
“I’m new to this universe,” I said smugly. I stopped talking while Carol kept looking deeply into my eyes. The suspense was killing me. I broke the silence between us: “What is it? What do you see?” I asked.
She peered into my eyes a few more seconds, no doubt truly striving to see into the very depths of my soul. I wondered if she could see anything at all, like my disinterest or the threshold for the end of this date. I admit, however, I was curious what past life she saw in me. I like baloney. It’s funny stuff, though not very nourishing.
“What is it?” I repeated, as if my existence depended on knowing immediately. “What’s the past life you see?”
She leaned back and slipped into a sobering tone, apparently not wanting to be taken lightly. “You’re not going to like it.”
“Try me,” I said fatalistically, with the introduction of a nuanced tone of skepticism. “Just don’t tell me I was Napoleon. Too many other people were Napoleon.”
“I don’t know if I should tell you.” 
I think she wanted me to beg at this point. I asked one more time, careful to sound like I was NOT begging. “What was my past life? You can tell me, and it won’t hurt my feelings. I swear.”
I waited through more of her ripening silence before imploring her yet again, my impatience surely leaked, “What? Was I Jack the Ripper?” I said sardonically.
“No,” she said and paused again, looking fearful of telling me. 
I refused to ask again and opted for waiting her out. Twenty seconds passed, which was all the time it would have taken to say, “I gotta go—bye!” Instead, I didn’t move. I waited, patiently, with a dumb smile of feigned interest and anticipation on my face.
She leaned forward, looked to her right and then to her left and then into my eyes. “You were a Nazi,” she declared.
“Really?” I said, feigning a gasp. “Now that’s some kind of nasty past life, don’t you think?”
“Yeah, that’s why I was afraid to tell you.”
“You really see that?”
“Yeah. It’s in your aura.” 
On this news, I thought I should go to the Mayo Clinic for an aura check. Immediately. What a wacko! I wasn’t going to dignify her vision with a plea for more. All I could say was, “Interesting. Napoleon would have been better.” Her declaration was beyond my concept of civility. I thought to myself, “What a stupid thing to say upon meeting someone.” It was time for me to go.
“Yeah,” she quickly added, “but now, in this lifetime, you are a very nice person. I can see that. You are a really, really nice person.”
“Well, thank you, Carol.” That was better, but it wouldn’t slow my exit. I responded sincerely and, again, with a smile, “I’ve enjoyed talking to you, but we probably should part ways.”
“No!” she suddenly exclaimed loud enough to turn a few heads, as if the idea was totally foreign to her, as if the strength of her exclamation could negate my impending departure. It had the same soulful, reverberating ring to it as the “No” that I’d gotten from my last girlfriend when I told her our relationship had unraveled.
“Yeah,” I repeated, “I think it’s time to go.” That was the truth, and I added, “It was nice meeting you, though,” which wasn’t the truth.
Then she looked at me again, as if searching for yet another past life in me, and then surprised the hell out of me by saying, “You want to come back to my place?”
Her question could have only meant one thing. Wow. Talk about not being on the same wavelength! Dating is such an adventure. We stared into each other’s eyes. Mine were surely looking stunned, as if I’d just been Taser-ed, or maybe like a doe caught in the headlights on a Wisconsin highway at midnight. I imagined myself going with some deep-seated male instinct and saying, “Sure, let’s go to your place!” Guys could be such dogs.
Instead, I said, “Thanks, really. I gotta go.” I pulled a twenty out of my wallet, slapped it on the bar, rose up from my bar stool, dodged her with a two-step move, and walked out of Houston’s with a squint from the bright light of the real world.


*****


CHAPTER 4
My Last Tango in Paris

Her name was Marie Claire. 
She was cute, in a European way, you know—style without being overtly stylish, not slavish to the latest trends. She spoke French perfectly, which I expected because she was French. I spoke some French, with the accent on some. It was enough to get me through a first date of dinner and whatever silliness might follow. It was the silliness that interested me most. It was a double date with my American friend Arthur, who was very fluent in French because he was going to medical school in Toulon, and his French girlfriend Suzanne, who was also bilingual. So, it was unlikely that I’d find myself underwater in the dire straits of a foreign language. 
Language, that night, would not be the problem. In fact, at the beginning of the date, no problems were on the horizon. “How could there be?” I asked myself, after all, I was young, comfortable with my growing grasp of the ways of the world, and feeling good about just about everything. My personal horizon was expansive, but the only one that mattered was the one in front of me that night. And on that horizon, I could see The Eiffel Tower. Yes, this was Paris, and Paris is for lovers, and I’m thinking that might apply to first dates as well.
Every minute of that evening was memorable, and I will help you, dear reader, with envisioning it yourself so that you can sense the excitement, the electricity, and the promise of romance on this night and then, sadly, the sudden descent into what would be for years an unforgettable night, regrettably unforgettable. 
Alas, the night held so much promise, not because it was my last night in Paris before returning to the fall semester of graduate school in the States, but because it was a gloriously balmy August evening in the City of Lights. It was a perfect night for a date, and romance was the language we all shared that evening. 
It began when Arthur and Suzanne brought Marie Claire to meet me in my tiny hotel on the Rue de Napoleon in the heart of the city. My hotel was a narrow four story two-star hotel just down the street from the ancient Saint-Sulpice church. We met there, at my insistence, because I had a room with a petit terrace on the top floor that had a wonderful view of waves of clay tiled roofs and Le Tour Eiffel, and we were there because I wanted to get the evening started with a bottle of my favorite vin ordinaire. Arthur and I were in graduate school, and budget played into this decision, particularly since we had agreed to take our dates to a very French restaurant on Rue Ste. Jacques. Very French, of course, meant very expensive—always has, always will.
Marie Claire was not only cute and flirty, she had a way about her that got my attention right away. We quickly got past the introductions and propelled ourselves into a conversational tone of old and dear friends, chattering about what we’d been doing the last couple of days. Marie Claire wanted to know about my visit to Paris and other cities in France. She told me a bit about her job as an account liaison in a Public Relations firm. She loved her work and especially enjoyed the excitement of putting out fires from clients’ blunders. There was a serious side to her too, and I liked that. We hit it off right away. I think she was pretty happy with our foursome, and me in particular. Surely she felt some of the chemistry I was feeling. 
It didn’t hurt that Marie Claire was a tall brunette. She was unusually tall for a French woman—about five feet nine or ten inches tall with heels, which is tall to most people, but not to me. She was thin in an elegant way, with a graceful carriage and flawless creamy skin that enhanced the soft features of her face without providing too much definition. Her hazel eyes were languid over her high cheekbones and spaced perfectly over a thin, petite nose, which was atop small yet inviting lips. She had a particularly beautiful neck, framed by two fragile looking collarbones. I remember noticing her collarbones, something I never usually noticed about women. They were both demurely showing, just above the neckline of her light green silk blouse. She wore a black linen skirt and high heels. I wore khaki pants, a blue button down Brooks Brothers shirt, and a wrinkled navy blue blazer. That’s the best I can do on recall. It was her face that I remember most, a face I wanted to get very close to, a face I wanted to hold. Maybe after dinner. Yes, I thought, as soon as possible after dinner!
We four merry souls left my tiny hotel room and an empty bottle behind, plus the four empty water glasses I’d lifted from a maid’s cart earlier that day. In the spirit of hospitality, I also provided my guests with some brie with crackers and some grapes and apricots that I’d purchased from a local market up the street from my hotel. The detritus included a second empty wine bottle from the night before, which served as a vase for some flowers I’d picked in the park an hour before the threesome knocked on my door—anything to set the mood, although Paris, itself, succeeded in doing that.
Five blocks and three hours later, all four of us were fairly bombed on the tail end of a very French dinner at a very French restaurant. Marie Claire and I spent the last thirty minutes at the table, seated opposite each other, with fingers entwined on the tabletop. Our gazing at each other lingered well beyond the conversational tempo set by Arthur and Suzanne. They knew, as we did, that it was time to go, and on a night like this—my last night in the City of Lights—there was only one place to go: The Eiffel Tower. That would be the setting for the beginning of the end. 
We walked along the banks of the Seine, both couples connected every minute of the walk in some way, alternating with shared laughter and private whispers. The river lapped along the quay below us. I could hear the notes in “The Last Tango in Paris” from a soft saxophone loosely drifting overhead, curling on gentle wafts of the summer air. I was totally attentive to Marie Claire and wondered if it was possible to fall in love with her right then—and I decided it was because it was that kind of night. I was sure the feeling would escalate, maybe even be shared. Of course, what I expected had little to do with reality’s plan—it’s almost always that way. What the Fates planned was unknown to me at the time; all I knew was that I was suddenly kissing Marie Claire, and we were standing under the Eiffel Tower late, late into the Parisian night. Arthur and Suzanne were embraced as well, standing a mere ten feet from us. A true foursome, which unbeknownst to any of us, was about to become a threesome, but in a way one could not imagine.
Marie Claire was in my arms, fully. And my lips were on hers, fully. It gave new meaning to French kissing. Surely I was lost in love, though not so lost that I ignored a small warning from another part of my body, a modest pressure that was quickly interpreted as what one might call a “church fart” in the making. Surely you know: a tiny little thing, a minor expulsion, hardly worth one’s attention, though attention-getting enough in an embrace, were it to make itself known to both parties. I felt safe in what could only be called a controlled, miniscule, and hopefully silent release. Seconds later, one small part of my conscious state had notified my brain that I’d achieved the silent part, but totally failed on controlled and miniscule. To put it bluntly, while in a lip lock with the alluring and tender Marie Claire, I had a sudden and totally unanticipated attack of diarrhea. It must have been the apricots. There are no words that could describe my state of mind at that very moment, but it wasn’t my mind I was worried about!
At this point, dear reader, what would be your next step if you were in my shoes? This was clearly not a good situation. Confronted with this date-ender, the question hung over me like a noose: “Now what?”
The instant my pants filled, my mind went blank. This was not a case of denial—denial was an impossibility. This wasn’t a situation where I could draw upon experience for a solution. I stepped away from Marie Claire—the tantalizing, chic, seductive Marie Claire—and she didn’t have a clue why I pulled back, thank God! But she would, and soon. I said to her, “Excusez-moi, Marie-Claire. Un moment,” and retreated ten more steps and called to Arthur, imploring him to join me in a petite conversation. He reluctantly disengaged from Suzanne, joined me, and said, “What?” Behind him, I saw Marie Claire and Suzanne move toward each other.
This is virtually the exact conversation I had with Arthur that abruptly ended my evening with Marie Claire, Suzanne, and Arthur:
“Arthur, I just dumped in my pants.”
“What! Are you sure?”
“Of course I’m sure.” 
“Oh, shit!” he softly exclaimed.
“Exactly.”
“What are you going to do?”
“There’s only one thing I can do,” I replied, “Walk away. I’ll just walk away. No choice. Tell her I got sick, but don’t tell her more than that,” adding in a desperate whisper, “Please,” not wanting the embarrassing truth to get out. “Get her home for me. I have to go now. I’m feeling worse by the second. Goodbye.”
I sheepishly turned from Arthur and from the girls, not glancing at either, and walked away into the night as quickly as possible, heading for the nearest street corner where I could be out of their sight. My stomach was protesting with gurgling spasms, and I knew my situation was getting worse. I just didn’t know how much worse. I never looked back.
After the longest minute of my young life and the longest walk, I turned a corner and disappeared from their sight. It was three in the morning, the tree-lined street was quiet and very dark and very empty. I was in a very uncomfortable predicament, to say the least. It was a sobering experience, though clearly I can’t say I was entirely sober. I quickly decided to duck into the privacy and shelter of a building construction site, rest a moment, breathe deeply, assess the situation, and clean up as best I could. My hotel was twenty blocks away, which was too far to walk without some drastic measures, so drastic measures began immediately. Little did I know that my discomfort was about to put me in peril. 
Well off the sidewalk, sheltered in the darkness of the site, tucked alongside an unstable scaffold, I carefully removed my shoes, socks, and sport coat, making it easier to manage the subsequent careful removal of my endangered trousers. That done, standing in my shirt and underwear only, with some difficulty, I stood on one foot and gingerly removed my underwear. That’s when my predicament took a sudden turn for the worse. I lost my balance and, in what couldn’t have been more than a blink, I fell onto the uneven ground and rolled down a steep incline, which tumbled me into the excavated building’s basement of water, which was over six feet deep. I knew that because I couldn’t touch the bottom. I struggled while treading water, trying to get a fix on my salvation. With haste and desperation, I clawed up an angled side of a slippery mud wall, feeling (and looking, no doubt) like some ancient muddied life form, emerging for the first time from the water onto terra firma. Back on solid ground, gasping, slimed, and wondering how I could go from the bliss of Marie Claire’s lips to being an unimaginable mud monster in less than five minutes left me truly perplexed. All this, and there was still some work to do before I could walk into my hotel lobby!
Naked while leaning on some scaffolding, I cleaned myself of mud, etc. as best I could with my socks and soaked shirt, tossed them on the ground, and dressed myself with the remainder of my clothes: shoes, trousers, and a blazer. Shirtless, I weakly walked out to the sidewalk and turned toward my hotel for a very long walk back, one I hoped would not be interrupted by another episode. 
About a block later, feeling feverish and shrouded in despair, I spied a large puddle of water curbside. Needing a little refreshment and relief from my fevered state, I crouched and, with a scoop of my hands, splashed a bit on my face. With this little splash, my pathetic physical state took yet another turn for the worse. Moments later, as I stood under a street lamp, my reflection revealed that I’d erroneously mistaken a puddle of oil for water. My face and hands were now black. Yes, black! Life as I knew it was spiraling downward, out of control. Marie Claire’s lips were now a distant memory. Ever resourceful, I removed my blazer and, using the back of the jacket, wiped my hands and removed the oil from my face, careful not to get any residue on the sleeves or front of the jacket. You see, I was determined to walk into my hotel with a jacket on, managing my appearance as best I could. So what if the oil stains on the back of my jacket provided the last impression of me; it was the first impression that mattered!
Thirty minutes later, I walked into my two-star hotel, passed the sleeping (thankfully) clerk at the front desk, took the elevator to the fourth floor, staggered down the hall to my room, entered it, and stripped. Cursing, I mindlessly threw my stained clothes out the window into the alley below and then collapsed into bed, near dead, begging for a total loss of memory. Fatigue quickly overwhelmed me and a fitful sleep followed, interrupted by frequent visits to the W.C. down the hall. Down the hall? Did I say two-star hotel? Maybe it was a one-star.
I missed my plane the next morning and spent two more days at my hotel, staying within reach of the W.C. On the third day, I boarded a plane back to the States. I never got in touch with Marie Claire or Suzanne, nor did I ever hear from them. I didn’t hear from Arthur either, until six months later, when I met him on campus. (His parents lived in town, and he was visiting.) Arthur said he’d told the girls I was feeling really sick. He also said he didn’t tell them any more than that. I didn’t tell anyone about that night with Marie Claire for at least ten years. Now I’m telling you and a lot of other people. Isn’t life funny? I wonder what Marie Claire is doing? I guess I’ll never know. Maybe now she’ll learn the truth about my hasty departure.
What would YOU have done if you’d been me? And what could Marie Claire have been thinking when I walked away without an explanation or even a goodbye? As the French say, C’est la vie!


*****


CHAPTER 5
Christmas in Milwaukee

Her name was Tracy.
It snowed all afternoon and into the evening in Milwaukee, and the snow was still coming down. According to the forecast, it would keep coming down through the night and well into the morning. The weatherman warned everyone the previous night that a blizzard was coming in from the northwest and, for a change, he was right. This one was a consequence of lots of humidity from the west and lots of cold air from the north—way north—from the Canadian plains up above Lake Superior and down the express lane called Lake Michigan. This combination always delivered a blizzard. It was an easy forecast to make. 
Big storybook snowflakes and a lot of them, hour after hour, made for a couple of feet of freshly fallen snow in a matter of hours. And it kept falling, covering everything in a crystal white blanket and burying all the sounds of normal city life with it. The city’s fleet of snowplow trucks was out pushing their monstrous metal plows, which clanked and rattled as they scraped the street. The salt trucks followed them, with the clicking and whooshing of their salt spreaders. They were clearing the way for cars filled with people who, like me, were on a mission. Most of the cars drove with the thunk-a-de-dunk jingle of the chains on their tires, which added to the snow-muted cacophony of the city’s blizzard-ensnared traffic that was unique to northern cities in winter. 
In downtown Milwaukee, the trucks had run out of places to push the snow, so the only way to get rid of the overflow was to dump it in the Milwaukee River. Dump trucks ran all night, making drops into a river that meandered through the heart of the city. This was more complicated than it sounds because the surface of the Milwaukee River was frozen, so it’s not as if the snow was carried out to Lake Michigan; it was piling up on the ice and burying many of the docking pylons. It was a small miracle that anyone could get around in that weather if, that is, they chose to. Most people stayed out of it. At the moment, I was an exception, one car among many trucks, looking for a parking place at midnight so that I could get to the Harp Bar, the designated party place for the last stop in a string of parties on the day after Christmas.
Unusually heavy amounts of snow had fallen in the previous two weeks, so there weren’t many open places for the plows to push the freshly falling snow to get it out of the way of traffic. They resorted to cramming it into parking places and anywhere else. It wasn’t just a knee-high mound of snow in those spaces either. Some blocks had walls of six feet of compacted snow running through all the parking spaces and overflowing onto the sidewalks, making the street a virtual canyon. Parking meters were completely buried and so were a few parked cars that didn’t get out in time. All I could say to the owners was, “Good luck digging them out, and I hope you don’t need your car until spring!” Snow was everywhere. There were indoor garages for the flow of traffic in the day, but at night, many of them were closed. They weren’t twenty-four hour operations because Milwaukee wasn’t a twenty-four hour town. I cruised the street, like a prowler, looking for an opening, and I would take anything I could get.
The blizzard-driven night had a certain surreal beauty about it. I took it all in with wonderment and awe at the overpowering whiteness of a snowfall that was so steady, so relentless, and so heavy that it occurred to me that the city would be completely buried, maybe forever, by morning. Buildings more than three blocks away were barely discernible, and nothing could be seen above the trees lining the sidewalk, as if a white ceiling hung at their very tops. There was no sky, just falling snow, one giant snowflake after another. 
The walk to The Harp from my parked car was three blocks and, en route, I saw only one other solitary soul, going the other way. He was walking down the middle of the street, like I was. We waved a half arm at each other but passed in silence, focused on our feet to get us to our separate destinations. The sidewalks were buried under the snow, leaving the streets as the only route for both cars and foot traffic. I pushed through the thin carpet of snow that had accumulated since the last plow truck had struck. It covered rifts of sloppy slush created by the salt trucks. The recently plowed street was rippled with mole-like runs from the ribbons of freezing slush left in the tracks of the trucks. My feet stayed dry, laced up in my ankle-high rubber and leather L.L. Bean boots. My jeans flowed over the high tops and kept the snow from getting into my socks. I had a full length Chesterfield coat on, one with a black velvet collar, which was my favorite winter coat. I purchased it before Thanksgiving at Brooks Brothers in New York, the one on Madison Avenue and Forty-fourth Street, across from where I worked.
I lived in Manhattan, on the Upper East Side, where I worked at an advertising agency as an Assistant Account Executive. It was my first fulltime job out of business school. My father had died of cancer the previous summer, so I decided to fly back to Milwaukee to be with my mom at Christmas and spend time with my hometown friends. 
I loved my friends. Seeing them was guaranteed fun, so I was jazzed about my visit. However, my parents’ life over the past several years had not been fun. They went through some rough times, rougher than I care to remember in any kind of detail. Two years earlier, my father had been diagnosed with cancer of the throat, this on the heels of twenty years of a greatly diminished working capacity due to a debilitating stroke. Before the stroke, he had been a practicing surgeon as an eye, ear, nose, and throat specialist. Following his stroke, his life as a surgeon was over, and the family began a slow, painful downward spiral from the high life. 
The previous spring, right after I completed graduate school, I saw my dad for the last time, although I didn’t realize it would be the last time. He spent the last year of his life in a hospital and finally died fighting cancer with desperately high radiation treatments, a latent outcome from fifty years of smoking Camel cigarettes, the kind without filters. In the summer, sometime in the course of his hospitalization, my mom was forced to sell the house and everything in it and move into a small apartment on the other side of town. I remember the day she called me in New York and asked if there was anything I wanted as a keepsake before the estate sale. I said, “No mom, sell it all and get what you can get.” It was tough to take, but for years I saw it coming, like an unstoppable tidal wave. I focused on the future because the past disappeared. Like a wave receding back into the water, the proof of my childhood receded into memories.
The night after Christmas at The Harp was all about friends, not family. It was about the good times at the moment and the good times we expected in the future. It was a night of promise and excitement, as we shared stories of our recent progress in the world of our new careers and flirted with the endless possibilities that came with our new-found independence. We were upbeat and animated in sharing our hopes and dreams, and heady about the prospects of life. For us, life was looking as fresh as the blanket of new snow that covered Milwaukee that night.
The Harp was an old Irish bar in downtown Milwaukee, right on the river and off the railroad tracks that ran alongside the Schlitz Brewery. More importantly, it was a bar that had never carded us when we were underage drinkers. It was a working man’s bar that was taken over that night by Milwaukee’s well-bred children, who were being groomed as the next generation of civic leaders. We were mostly from affluent families on Milwaukee’s north shore, from homes in River Hills, Mequon, Bayside, and Fox Point. The atmosphere at The Harp was loud and festive, and the beer flowed freely in copious amounts, like the conversation. 
The Christmas spirit was in full bloom, and on that night, not a soul in the joint worried about anything. A life-size hollow plastic Santa, lit up from the inside, stood in the corner by the door, wearing an Irish Donegal tweed hat. Strings of small white Christmas lights ran the ceiling boundaries of The Harp and up and down the liquor shelves above the bar. Outside, big bulbs of multi-colored lights, already coated by the swirling snow, created colorful, crystalline orbs of diffused light in their snow encasements. Three days earlier, I had been at Rockefeller Center, awed by the beauty of the giant Christmas tree towering over the skating rink, but being at The Harp was better. Friends make the difference.
There were probably twenty of us in all at any one time, with the number rising and falling as friends surged in and departed. When last call was announced, I was seated at a table with Jeff, Karey, Charlie, Richard, and Tracy. We were all volleying three conversations at one time in a game of catch up and what’s next. Jeff and Karey were recently married and in the vanguard of the connubial tsunami that would be coming to Milwaukee in the summer. The rest of us were single. I knew everyone at the table really well except for Tracy, a good-looking brunette who worked at M&I bank, the local financial powerhouse. We had met a couple of times over the past few years because we had a lot of mutual friends, but we didn’t know each other very well. 
I spent much of the time at The Harp getting to know Tracy better. Like a bee collecting pollen, I kept going back to her for more conversation. By last call, we were sitting next to each other, elbow to elbow, completing the circuit of electricity that was starting to run through us. Occasionally we’d lean within inches of each other to exchange a whisper over the din of rock-and-roll coming from The Harp’s super juke box. We didn’t really say anything that required a whisper, but I couldn’t resist whispering in her ear every once in a while because her perfume was so intoxicating, and I liked my nose in her hair. She didn’t mind the whispering either, for her own reasons. I knew she was interested in me; she kept touching my upper arm to make a point or get my attention. It was contact, and we both felt the electricity surge every time she did it. An attraction had formed on the threshold of closing time; we just had to decide what we were going to do after The Harp closed its doors, to put us on the next threshold.
At two in the morning, The Harp closed up, and most of us were partied out and now faced the somewhat daunting challenge of finding our cars and getting home through the mounting drifts. Tracy would get a ride home from me, a decision that was made over an hour ago when the friends she came with checked with her before they left. She and I weren’t partied out. The only thing we could think of was to go back to her place, which also was the only thing we wanted to do. We walked the three blocks through a glass snow globe to my rental car. After a little spinning on the rear wheels, I pulled off the snow bank on the passenger side and moved into the middle of the slush-streaked street, where Tracy was waiting for me in no fear of other cars. 
When we walked into the upper level of her duplex, her Christmas tree lights were on, along with a few other insignificant lights, but a single lamp by the couch in the living room seemed to be the beacon that beckoned the way. At her command, I made myself comfortable on the couch and waited for her to return from her offer to get us a couple of beers. A minute later, she sat down next to me with two bottles and passed one to me. We clinked their necks with a “Merry Christmas!” toast in two-part harmony. 
She set her bottle on a waiting coaster and got up to put some music on, as an afterthought. It was a good afterthought. The Moody Blues came on, opening with “Nights in White Satin.” It was a great make-out album. We worked through our first beers with an exchange of very brief personal histories of our families and growing up in Milwaukee, something we hadn’t covered at The Harp. I could feel the electricity between us arcing. I learned that her father was also gone, although it happened many years before my dad died. It was a bit of a sad moment for both of us, and it caused us to move a little closer to each other in mutual empathy, which triggered our first kiss. The Moody Blues were so right for more kissing—kissing that quickly got a little steamier, as my lips moved to an ear and then down the side of her neck—a neck that felt like warm silk, as my lips moved lower and lower. Her perfume had come alive, and so had I. The electricity wasn’t about to be contained.
Tracy gently pulled back and slowly stood up. 
“Why don’t you grab a couple more beers out of the fridge while I change into something a little more comfortable?” She said this suggestively and walked away, presumably into her bedroom, as I rose to go to the kitchen, with the expectation that the evening was getting more interesting by the minute.
I returned to the living room, set a fresh bottle down for Tracy on the coffee table, and with mine in hand, wandered past the couch and into the den. The desk light was on, and what it was on stopped me in my tracks. It was on my father’s desk—the one he had presided over in the den in the house I’d grown up in. I approached it, and there was no doubt; it wasn’t a look-a-like. I was sure of that. I knew the wood, the scratches, and the patina. It was the desk I had used for all my phone calls when dad wasn’t in the den. It was my favorite place for private calls to my buddies and those special calls to girlfriends. It was a part of nearly every telephone conversation in my life that mattered. Of course I knew that desk. I pulled Tracy’s chair away from it and stood over it, running the fingertips of both hands over the top, connecting with the texture that I knew intimately, as if receiving extrasensory emanations of its history. It was mesmerizing, and I was suddenly lost in a world of sadness when Tracy walked up behind me.
“It’s lovely, isn’t it?” she asked, making more of a statement of fact than a question. I didn’t turn around but remained transfixed in my sudden melancholy.
“It’s really something, Tracy,” I said as I stared at it. “Where’d you get it?”
“I got it at an estate sale in Fox Point last summer—for a song.” She paused. “I loved it the minute I laid eyes on it.” She continued, as I was in no mood to talk. “It has so much character.”
I didn’t say anything. I turned around to face her and got my second surprise of the night. Tracy had changed into a femme fatale, now dressed in nothing but a short, loosely wrapped, silky red kimono. I towered over her and could easily see her bare breasts separated by a very alluring cleavage. She managed to put her arms up and lace her hands behind my neck, maybe to kiss me. Standing tall, I didn’t make it easy for her, and she sensed my sudden aloofness and looked at me and called me on it, “What’s up?” she purred, “You don’t like my outfit?”
“I’m sorry, Tracy,” I said, “You are fantastic. I just…,” I stammered and sighed, “I just flipped out over your desk.” She looked confused over what I had just said, understandably. I continued, “That desk was my father’s. You got that at my mother’s estate sale.”
Tracy bit her lower lip and looked into my eyes—first one, then the other, then back again. “You can have it,” she said sweetly. “You should have it.” 
I knew she was sincere. “No,” I said, softly in my new found sadness. “That’s very sweet of you, but it’s your desk now and,” in a weak attempt to diffuse her very kind offer, I added, “I wouldn’t know what to do with it.” She looked at me and said nothing. I didn’t think I was very convincing, so I said, “Besides, my apartment in New York is too small. It’s all right.”
“I’m sorry, Tom,” she whispered sympathetically.
“I know. I am too. It just kinda caught me off guard.”
Wanting to salvage the moment, she asked, “You want to go back to the couch and sit down?”
“You know, Tracy, I probably ought to go. It’s really late. I should leave.” The electricity was gone; we both knew it. It was short-circuited by my father’s desk.
Tracy closed her open kimono and tightened up the sash, making sure the front stayed closed. I could see she understood my feelings, so rather than dwelling on my sudden disconnection, I said, “Goodnight, Tracy,” and leaned into her for a quick kiss, “and Happy New Year.” I sidestepped her and walked out the door, traveled down the stairs and back into the blizzard with my own blizzard of emotions. I’d be back in New York tomorrow, back to my new life, back to what I called my home, one that already had a desk.


*****


CHAPTER 6
The Girls from Omaha

Their names were Dee and Kelly.
Bistro Jeanty in Yountville, the heart of Napa Valley, is a tiny little bistro, true in every way to the traditional country bistros in France. This very well accomplished feat of verisimilitude was achieved by the very good chef and owner Philippe Jeanty, a man I know and like. When I lived in Napa Valley, he was my neighbor, in a way: We both lived just outside Yountville, a few miles south of this vintage hamlet, a mile or so from each other, our homes separated by Highway 29. There were still some balmy evenings in September, a month that was losing its grip on summer and starting to yield to the fall. The leaves were losing their lustrous green and, in a few weeks, would turn and fall to the ground in a patchwork of color. 
On some of those nights, right before the dinner rush, Philippe and I would sit side by side for a half hour or so on his antique park bench, which was propped against the facade of his restaurant, right off the front door. Flanked by large pots of lavender and local flora, he and I would have an amiable discourse over every topic of local life in the Valley. Interestingly, we were close enough to the street corner to effectively judge whether or not cars made full stops at its stop sign. It became a particularly interesting game of “Would he or not?” when applied to the local cop parked cleverly out of sight and positioned to pounce on violators. The call wasn’t as easy to make as one would think. Some rolling-stop cars made it through and some didn’t, but the blatant ones were easy to pick and moments later became contributors to the Town of Yountville coffers. It was a shame we couldn’t warn the drivers, but warning them would’ve spoiled our fun and deprived the town fathers of their budget expectations.
I often dropped in on Philippe’s place on Friday or Saturday nights as part of my single-guy-in-Napa circuit, so to speak. It was a cozy little place on the main drag, where it didn’t take many people to make it a crowd and, thus, make it a lively place. The mix of locals and tourists added to the buzz of the ambience, making for friendly conversations, which often began with a smile and the question, “Where you from?” Paul, the skinhead bartender, though that wasn’t his political point of view, was busy overseeing the eight-seat bar, like an octopus, serving drinks and meals to the bar-sitters in an endless orchestration. This made for a good show for a drink or two, with sporadic chitchat with him, with or without any petite conversations with the customers. 
Just over the bar crowd’s shoulders, toward the front entrance, was a community table, which was exactly what it sounds like: a large table with open seating for up to twelve walk-ins. It was often the best table in the house when it came to interesting conversations on unexpected topics, but it was usually a context for couples and not strays. Me, I preferred the bar, which was easier for chatting up women if they, too, were making the circuit or simply stopping in for a French experience in Napa Valley. 
Chatting up single women who were visiting Napa was necessary for my survival—I kid you not. I was in my forties, and there was an acute shortage of single women in my age range in the valley, making me dependent on outsiders to make it interesting, however shallow that might sound. I didn’t want to go younger than the thirties. I didn’t feel like dating the restaurant servers, who were mostly in their twenties. Besides being in a very different generational space from mine, they had lousy hours for me: Their nights generally started when mine ended.
Keep in mind that the Napa Valley scene for the over thirty singles crowd is very small. In that way, it was probably like every other farming community in America: The career-minded leave as soon as they can for the big city. Around here, that was San Francisco, one of the most alluring cities of all, which was only seventy miles away. Or, the women leave to find husbands. This set probably goes to some city other than San Francisco. You can’t blame them. For guys in my situation—professionals in their prime—it was tough being single in Napa valley. I lived under the impression that all five of the valley’s eligible women got together over lunch every Monday to compare their weekend dates—and oh, could they get into details! If a guy was careless or desperate enough to make the mistake of going out with more than one woman in one month or two, he could quickly become “that cad” or the player poster boy for the clique. For single men, Napa Valley could be a treacherous place, but it didn’t have to be. 
Flirting with touristing women was refreshing and seemed relatively risk free for one’s social standing and, more importantly, gave me a chance at peaceful coexistence with the clique. Rarely did anything beyond flirtatious conversations come of bar talk at Bistro Jeanty, in my experience, but every once in a while, the conversation continued outside the bar and late into the night. “Thank god!” I say to that because single people cannot live on bar conversation alone. There’s got to be more than that. 
One night, while seated at the bar, I was chatting with Paul when he looked past me and suavely said, “May I help you, ladies?” His question had a nice ring to it, a little more upbeat than usual, which made me think something special was up. He had cut me off in mid-sentence, but I gladly went on hold to let Paul do his thing. The women were standing behind me, so they were of a yet to be determined number. They were women that Paul didn’t know, so I assumed they were tourists because Paul knew every local that had ever walked into the place. 
My radar picked up a silky soft voice putting in an order from over my shoulder for a couple of glasses of cabernet. Paul passed a wine list to a nice looking feminine hand that suddenly broke into my line of vision. The choice of wines was expansive, so the offer of a list to the mystery woman was a nice thing in and of itself, but I interpreted Paul’s move as a deviously clever means of seduction to draw this person into my personal sphere. You see, I have quite an imagination, and given the life of a single man in Napa Valley, I was always Walter-Mitty hopeful. That’s when I slowly turned to see the interlopers and immediately couldn’t resist saying, “Hi” to the person attached to the pleasantly intrusive arm. She said, “Hi” back and then answered, “Omaha” to my first question. Then, right after that, I offered my hand and said, “I’m Tom,” and then I heard, “Dee and Kelly” in answer to my second question. It was a predictable start, one that I liked.
I made a couple of suggestions for wines that Dee and Kelly might like and then encouraged them to switch from a cabernet in favor of a glass of my favorite red zin, which was Cline ancient vines from Sonoma. I always felt like a traitor when I ordered that label; after all, it wasn’t a Napa wine, but it was so good that I was willing to risk a Napkin’s wrath, had any resident been within earshot. I gave Paul the order, and because I was a bit buzzed from my second glass and on the cusp of falling in love with either one of them, I told Paul to put it on my tab. Dee and Kelly protested for a trillionth of a second, but I insisted on paying, so they quickly allowed me the pleasure. 
Paul wasted no time, being Mr. Efficient Octopus, and placed two fresh glasses of Cline on the bar in front of me, giving my glass a boost as an encore. I passed the cups of luscious red nectar to the women, who were looking pretty luscious as well, and we three clinked glasses, toasting with my words “to new friends.” It was a toast I came up with to signal my interest in talking with them some more. I hated buying drinks for women and then having them walk away, which was always a rotten deal, one that makes me feel used even though the drinks were offered without any strings attached. I offered my seat, and Dee took it, thus grounding the triumvirate.
Dee and Kelly were fun and interesting from the first sip. They smiled a lot and their eyes sparkled, probably triggered by a glass or two of wine they might have had before they walked into the bistro. I said some funny things, and we three reveled in the laughter, which is something everyone loves. No woman ever rejected a man because he was too funny! They told me they had had lots of fun all week, doing all kinds of things together, but hadn’t really run into any men to party with during their whirlwind tour of the Bay Area. I was thinking to myself, “Until now.” 
I was by myself, but I was determined to be fun for the two of them and decided to be fun in a flirty way with both of them. I was feeling light-headed and witty talking to them, so I didn’t think about trying to cut one out or skew my flirtations. They certainly seemed to be enjoying getting equal time, as harmless as it was, and I certainly was feeling like Mr. Wonderful with the total attention of the two best looking women in the restaurant. The wine never tasted better.
Philippe stuck his head into our trio, and with my introduction of him as owner and chef, my stock instantly went up. It was a good move by Philippe. It assured the ladies of my good standing, and he probably enjoyed our petite société for the minute he spent with us.
I truly liked both women equally for all kinds of reasons. One owned a trendy dress shop in Omaha; that was Dee. She was together, smart, demure, and alluring. Kelly owned a gift shop. She was witty, out-going, a little tarty, and stylish. The two stores, I was told, were next to each other on Howard Street in a revitalized part of old Omaha. I remember the street name because Kelly joked that it was her ex-husband’s name. I can’t remember the name of Dee’s ex-husband, but she said she had one too. Dee and Kelly were best friends and decided to do the girls’ getaway weekend to Napa on the heels of four days in San Francisco. It was a weeklong party for them, and this was their last night. When we started chatting at the bar in Bistro Jeanty, it was about eight-thirty on a Saturday night, not too early but not too late. Earlier, they had “a really good” dinner at Mustard’s and drove the mile south into Yountville to see what was cooking in the heart of this quiet little town. 
Yountville could be terrifically fun for restaurant bar-hopping, so the girls from Omaha made a good call. It was a hamlet of thirty square blocks, under a forest of redwood trees that towered over a potpourri of cracker box homes, many of which hadn’t ever been renovated, but were destined to be fixed up, as home prices were escalating faster than anywhere in America. 
Yountville was once the home of a dozen houses of ill-repute, which had run a brisk business servicing the patients at the very large Veteran’s Hospital on the edge of town since World War I and right into the seventies. To my knowledge, the pleasure huts were no longer in Yountville. They’d been pushed out by the gentrification that had come with the booming popularity of winemaking and wine consumption. The new business of Yountville was the restaurant business. This included Thomas Keller’s world famous French Laundry and others, such as Keller’s city bistro, Bouchon; Jeanty’s country bistro, Bistro Jeanty; the valley’s old Italian standby, Piatti’s; and on the town’s perimeter, Mustard’s, which was the first truly great restaurant in Napa Valley. Lots of other little places filled in the spaces.
I’m guessing Dee and Kelly were in their late thirties. They looked like their early thirties, but they might have been forty or forty-one because they were very protective about revealing their age. In my humble opinion, women start getting protective about their age when they hit forty. Regardless, they both looked terrific and were clearly taking care of themselves: These were two women who worked out. The tell for that is always in the upper arms. When I can see some noteworthy dimension in the upper arms, I’m pretty confident the whole package is tight, something that happens only from lifting weights. This is just one man’s point of view, one who has, as a single adult for over twenty years, checked out a lot of upper arms. And legs. And everything in between.
Napa Valley is a mixed crowd in women’s fashion, ranging from jeans to smart looking slacks to designer dresses. Tourists often opted for something more than jeans, because that’s fun and perfectly appropriate in many of the great restaurants. Dee and Kelly wore dark slacks, the choice of worldly travelers. Dee’s top was a starched button-down white cotton shirt, like men wear, with a beige cashmere sweater knotted around her neck. Kelly wore a red silk blouse under a waist-length black silk jacket, which had small black beads embroidered in some kind of geometric pattern. Both women looked stylish, and neither was underdressed nor overdressed. They were attired just right for my tastes. 
I confess: The only reason I noticed what they were wearing was my ingrained male curiosity for what it would take to undress each one. I know that sounds funny, but that’s something some guys think about. I know I do. When I think of dates in the past, the ones who wore turtle necks or collars buttoned to the top or layers of clothes were sending a different message than women whose clothing made their bodies a little more accessible. Go ahead, say I’m horrible, but I’m just being a guy, and I prefer fashion like the latter. Dee and Kelly looked good, and they both fell into the latter category, not that I was dwelling on that. The conversation moved along quickly, and my prurient thoughts disappeared or, rather, were placed on the back burner. 
The hour passed quickly, punctuated with more laughter and a variety of topics, some that had all three of us talking at once, fighting for air time. We talked about their lives in Omaha and their feelings about culture in Nebraska. “What culture?” they playfully asked. And we talked about my life in Napa and the pros and cons of living in wine country. We talked about their marriages and the fact that I had never married, which as a fact by itself was a red flag for most women, causing many to conclude that I was dysfunctional, strange, or even gay. I knew enough to diffuse those misperceptions by revealing that I had actually proposed marriage and lived with a woman for seven years, an experience that included raising her daughter from age four to eleven. I usually followed that up by saying it was “a virtual marriage,” which generally put the matter to bed. When I would add that it was an easy breakup because we had decided “what was hers was hers and what was mine was hers,” that would always get a good laugh. Women instantly saw the divorce-driven humor in that and didn’t ask me if that was really true. Of course, it wasn’t; it’s just an expression I used to indicate my willingness to be out of that relationship. Divorce is never pleasant; it kills a lot of dreams. Although I hadn’t been technically married, so I couldn’t be technically divorced, my dreams in that relationship died a painful death just the same.
The three of us had knocked back another glass of the Cline zin as the clock struck ten, which was late for Napa. It was evident that the action in the bistro was winding down: We were the last ones at the bar, though some people lingered over dinner in the restaurant in back, and even Paul had stepped away for a break, abandoning us to our total merriment. His absence gave me an excellent opportunity for a discreet invitation to Dee and Kelly to leave Bistro Jeanty with me and come to my house “in the vineyards” for a nightcap and some great tunes.
“You actually live in the vineyards?” Kelly asked me, repeating my choice of words and emphasizing the word “in.”
“Yes,” I said, “I do,” feeling the instant suspense of whether or not my invitation would be accepted. It was offered with good intentions, of course. So that there was no misunderstanding, I tacked on something like “of course you can trust me,” but that part was lost in Kelly’s determination to be silly with her response.
“You mean you live between the vines?” she continued, “I mean, between the rows of vines? On the dirt?” She asked these questions with a mirthful smile, sticking me for the image I had created. It was the kind of inquiry that rose from the bottom of her empty glass. 
“No, Kelly,” I replied, “I didn’t mean literally that I live in the vineyards. I don’t live in the vineyards, per se. I live in a beautiful house on the edge of the vineyards, which aren’t mine, but they’re, like, in my backyard.”
It was good that Kelly was teasing me. Her reply was better than a no and indicated that she was stalling over an answer to my invitation. Given that I offered it to both of them, I sensed they would’ve preferred to discuss the invitation in my absence, so I excused myself to go to the men’s room. I expected that I’d have my answer when I came back. I peed hopefully.
Their pow-wow lasted right up until the moment I rejoined them. Perhaps I hadn’t given them enough time to decide. I always figured safety was a big concern of women when meeting a stranger, especially in assessing an invitation to go someplace, especially to a guy’s place. Wasting no time, I spoke first:
“I promise you’re safe with me. I’ll be a perfect gentleman.” I tried to assure them, knowing that might not exactly be an alluring promise, but it was the kind of assurance I thought they were looking for. Then I added, “There are two of you and just me,” but as soon as the words left my mouth, I knew they were the wrong words. They comprised a meaningless promise of security because one man could probably overpower two women, especially a big one like me, who is six foot three and 225 pounds, about the size of a NFL linebacker. On the heels of my poor choice of words, which I thought had probably killed my invitation, I quickly added “or we could go to some other bar and have a glass of wine there instead,” which was an alternative I was perfectly comfortable with, one that would put us in neutral territory. I just wanted our party to continue, and I didn’t really care what the location was. Sort of. 
We were all having so much fun. I stopped talking and waited for their decision. It would be stupid to say, “I gotta go pee again” so that they could talk some more. So I looked over their heads at the collection of bar bottles, while they looked at each other and exchanged secret eye signals for several long seconds before a whisper from Dee went into Kelly’s far ear. I discreetly turned away and scanned the empty community table, while envisioning my beautiful home close to the edge of some of Mondavi’s vineyards. I thought of my place as an Italian micro-villa. It was trimmed with a lap pool and a rustic guest house, tucked under some magnificent redwood trees. My front door was deep in a courtyard of white hydrangeas, and a backyard patio was surrounded by raised beds of lavender and giant clay pots of miniature orange trees. The inside had a sophisticated decor of casual elegance, which caused some women to ask, “Are you sure you’re not gay?” I always took this as a compliment, but only in that context, because I was the decorator. And it had a hot tub off the back patio. I liked my house, and I liked it even more when people were enjoying it with me. After scanning the room, my gaze returned to my two new friends and effectively conveyed suspense in waiting for their decision.
“Okay,” Dee said, looking at me as if they were giving me a gift.
“We’ll go to your place,” added Kelly, “but we won’t stay long.”
I calmly and happily said, “Hooray! Let’s go.”
I covered our tab with a handful of cash and walked out, agreeing that Dee and Kelly should follow me to my place in their rented car. It was an easy drive, only about two miles, and as I drove, I was thankful that I had left plenty of lights on at my house. My place looked fabulous at night when the lights were on.
While they twirled in the middle of the living room, taking it all in, I pulled a couple of bottles of Cline zin out of my wine cabinet in the kitchen island. Why not—it’s what we were drinking, and it was getting better as we aged.
The girls were quite impressed with the décor under one very large, high ceiling that encompassed the kitchen, the living room, and a dining area. The room had a spiral staircase at one end that led up to the master bedroom. The back wall was a row of big windows and doors overlooking a patio with a lavender perimeter, a lap pool, and the vineyards that I’d said I lived in. The pool lights went on and up-lit the underside of the massive, but gracefully sweeping, branches of the giant redwoods that had sprouted in my yard over two hundred years ago. The light shimmered in their branches, creating a light show that made the setting seem surreal. Sitting in the hot tub, just off the patio, with the ambient light from the pool, was incredibly relaxing. It was so much a part of the Napa Valley experience and so wonderful that it was hard to resist. I sat in it almost every night.
After a speedy house tour, we returned to the kitchen island with wine glasses that were already half empty and picked at some brie and water crackers that I had grabbed out of the double door Sub-Zero. I loaded the CD player’s six-disk tray for options, grabbed my remote, made my first selection, and turned up the volume. For openers, I played the theme songs from the 007 movies. Bond would have been proud of me. It’s expansive and exciting music, featuring themes that all three of us recognized. We had a lot of fun challenging each other to be the first to name the movie the music was from. We were off to a rousing start with “Goldfinger” and laughing hilariously over the name Pussy Galore, which each of us said about five times and agreed it was the greatest name for any heroine of all time. I took turns with Dee and Kelly on the open floor, swirling and whirling to the best of Bond, hanging on to my dance partner every second and putting my dancing talents on show. They were both good, and I danced with one of them at all times through my favorite picks of Bond’s greatest hits. For a moment, I was Bond…James Bond.
Another bottle of Cline took us to a higher level in music appreciation, notably in volume too, as we danced like crazy people to every tune, including to the medleys of Diana Ross, Donna Summer, Alicia Bridges, and then the heavier stuff of a club mix and some techno music and even a physically demanding run through Cotton Eye Joe by the Rednex. Somewhere in all that, we were taking turns dancing on top of the kitchen island, and at one point all three of us climbed up there, surely pretending it was 1976 and we were at Studio 54, dancing on top of the giant speakers. I was anyway. Why I wasn’t worried about someone breaking a neck or, worse, my cement countertop, it’s hard to say, but I’m thinking alcohol had a lot to do with it!
After Cotton Eye Joe, we needed a break. I pointed the girls toward the guest room and its bathroom, while I ran up the spiral staircase for some relief in the master bathroom. After the necessary expenditure of a few minutes and a little freshening up with some toothpaste, I returned to the dance floor and waited for the two Cornhuskers to reappear. That’s right—Cornhuskers; that’s what people from Nebraska call themselves. It didn’t remotely fit these two lovely women. I waited several more minutes for their return, wondering, as I had so many times in the past, why women took so long. Granted, there were two of them, and two of them in a bathroom could take a while. Even so, time seems to stand still for women in bathrooms. 
After waiting for what seemed an inordinately long time, I ambled down the hallway to the guest quarters and, to my surprise, discovered they weren’t back there. I spun on my heels and went to the front door in search of their car. “Could they have left?” I wondered. One glimpse out the open door revealed that their car was exactly where they had parked it. I thought maybe they stepped out onto the patio, so I went to take a look. I opened the patio door, and on the couch just outside the door was a pile of clothes. Their clothes! With that discovery, I heard laughter coming from the hot tub. They were in it, and despite being just outside the patio lighting, I could make out two heads bobbing above the surface with huge, naughty smiles on their faces.
Dee called out, “C’mon in, Tom!”  And Kelly added, “Don’t be shy!”
“Alright!” I called out. “I’ll grab some towels and our wine and I’ll be right back.”
“We’ve got our glasses,” one of them called out to me.
I returned two minutes later, naked, with an armful of towels and one wrapped around my waist, along with my glass and a liter of bottled water. En route, I opted for the water over the wine. No one at that point needed more wine, and water was a good thing for prolonging life in a hot tub. I dropped the towels on the tub’s bench, along with the towel around my waist, and climbed in. They totally ignored me when I said, “Don’t look!” This was a breach in hot tub etiquette, just as I expected! 
I lost track of time as the tub conversation got interesting and intimate. Hot tubs make people reveal secrets and all kinds of things they wouldn’t tell anyone in any other situation. We were enjoying ourselves so much that time was timeless, and the water bottle was waterless. I went to the kitchen for another one, towel in hand, but wrapped for the return trip. 
I don’t know what Dee and Kelly talked about while I was fetching more water, but they talked about something because as soon as I climbed back into the tub, Dee moved closer to me and pressed up against my side, skin on skin. The tub was in the shadows, the jets were on, and it was impossible to see below the surface. At that moment, all six hands and feet were underwater, along with one other appendage. The mutual distance the three of us had allocated ourselves had suddenly become asymmetrical. Dee was pressed up against me. Kelly was across from me. Dee took me in her hand, in a biblical sense. She got a handful. I was not expecting this, though part of me might have been hoping, nor was there a failure in imagining the possibilities at any time during the evening. While we were laughing about one of the five million things we had been laughing about all evening, Dee shifted, half rose and was suddenly wiggling in my lap, and I was suddenly inside her. The three of us just kept chatting away, laughing, and carrying on like no one was having sex in the hot tub, living a lie and living la vida loca. I think I bit her on the back of her shoulder, a little—maybe a little too hard because she yelped in the middle of a laugh. 
I have to tell you this was all very unexpected. It hadn’t been on my horizon when I walked into Bistro Jeanty. Surely Kelly had to know that Dee and I were engaged, but I didn’t know for sure if she knew, although we joked about what the new arrangement of bodies could mean. Like I said, the three of us continued our streak of laughter. Of course Kelly had to know. They surely planned it during my water run. How could Dee be plunking in my lap otherwise, laughing ecstatically over my stupid jokes, and Kelly laughing along with her? For a moment, I was speechless, but it was a heavenly moment, lost on no one.
Modesty, or something like it, prevailed—a little anyway. No one said anything about what had just happened, but we all broke into a medley of snippets of songs with appropriate lyrics, including “Climb every mountain…,” followed by Carole King’s lyrics, “I feel the earth move under my feet….” Shortly after a few more tub stories, we had pretty much hit the wall. As I said, the conversation was intimate and now hugely silly. But besides being naked in a tub, the typical male fantasy of a threesome didn’t happen, maybe because it’s not my fantasy, although another fantasy had happened. One-on-one can be complicated enough—why make things more complicated? Whatever happened or didn’t happen among us worked just fine for us.
We walked back into the house, wrapped up in towels. Dee and Kelly clutched their clothes in both hands, totally immodest about displaying their very sexy underwear. Maybe it was a good thing I hadn’t noticed all that lace earlier. It was all very sexy. It made me suddenly feel a little stronger, if you know what I mean. I was thinking maybe I was insatiable. 
I broke away from this line of thought, suddenly overwhelmed with some common sense and, frankly, ready to call it a night. I interrupted some silly conversation that put the girls into giggles, “I think you two should spend the night here,” quickly adding, “in my guest room.” I continued, “Napa cops are everywhere, and neither of you wants to end your vacation with a DUI. What do you say? I say stay.” I hoped they’d say yes because it was the right thing to do. But a response was not immediately forthcoming, only more of those eye signals between them.
“Really,” I repeated, “you should sleep here. Your flight’s not till the afternoon, so there’s plenty of time to check out of your hotel and get to the airport.” I waited. They knew it was the sensible thing to do. “You can each sleep in one of my t-shirts if you want. Okay?” 
They stood still and looked at each other. “Think about it,” I said. And as I spiraled up the staircase, I added, “I’ll get shirts for you.”
Two minutes later, Dee and Kelly each had one of my t-shirts in hand and a bottle of water, along with the clump of their clothes. They said goodnight and moved down the hallway toward the guest room. I told them there were guest toothbrushes in their bathroom, then I went upstairs, threw my damp towel in the tub, peed, brushed my teeth again, took two aspirin, and fell into bed, thankful the girls from Omaha made the right decision. “What a fun night,” I said aloud to myself and fell asleep under eyelids that weighed over a ton.
I don’t know how long I’d been asleep. It could have been ten minutes or ten hours, when I felt the mattress shift, a shuffle of my comforter, and the nudge of a warm body slip into my bed. From a slit in one eyelid, I concluded it must have been a couple of hours of sleep anyway, as the morning light was beginning to creep in behind my drawn curtains. I wasn’t startled, as the possibilities were known and limited. I figured Dee was cuddling up with me for a few more hours of morning sleep and maybe round two. As groggy as I was, I was ready for round two and checked in with her, “Dee, hi baby,” I mumbled in my sleepy state, while fully embracing her with my arms and legs. “You looking for round two?”
“No,” she whispered, “I’m looking for round one.”
I didn’t get it at first. Round one wasn’t the thought that was lodged in my brain. I didn’t say anything, as I worked my way through its meaning. Before I could figure it out, it was figured out for me.
“I’m not Dee. It’s me, Kelly,” said the warm body.
“Oh my god,” I whispered back, clearly and fully accepting the truth, after every appendage reached out for her. What could I do, deny the dream? I had to ask, “Does Dee know you’re up here?”
“Of course,” Kelly replied. “It was her idea. She felt it was unfair that she had all the fun. She insisted.”
“She insisted? She made you come up here? Made you?” I asked playfully, though sleepily.
“Not exactly,” Kelly replied.
“Not exactly?” I repeated, “What’s that mean, not exactly?”
“You want me to go?” She asked softly.
“No. This is nice.” 
“I think it’s only fair.” Kelly whispered, “and I think you’re ready for me,” before moving her lips to mine.
My hand ran down to the small of her back as I drew myself into her. “You’re nice,” I added. I could feel her body melt into mine as she let out a little moan. “Yeah, it’s only fair,” I said, as if that made perfect sense. And it did, in a way. “Fine by me,” was my final response, but actions spoke louder than words, so nothing else needed to be said. I stayed awake a little longer, as long as necessary.
A couple hours later, with the sun well on the rise and coffee consumed, I walked the two girls from Omaha out to their car and thanked them for a terrifically fun time. We had already exchanged business cards and expressed a mutual hope that we’d see each other again, while not knowing when that could possibly happen. I ended our party with the last words among us, responding to their comment about meeting again someday: “Who knows?” I said, “Life’s full of surprises.” I paused before adding, “And you two were a total surprise! Drive carefully and have a good trip back to Omaha.” On those words, the three of us smiled and waved. They drove off, while I continued to wave goodbye as they left the driveway, saying softly to myself, “Wow!” I turned and walked through the courtyard and then through my front door, ready to launch a new day in treacherous Napa Valley, a place where a single guy has to be careful.


*****


CHAPTER 7
L’Orange Café in Phoenix

Her name was Laurie.
I walked into the L’Orange Café, which locals simply called “The Orange,” bypassing France. It was the hotspot for lunch on the near north side of Phoenix, a magnet for the tony Scottsdale crowd, where women outnumbered men two to one. Open and airy, it was a retail store disguised as a deli and the “it” place for young affluent adults and wannabes. As usual, three to four cars were lined up in a holding pattern in the middle lane on Fortieth Street, waiting for the next parking space in a lot that was usually jammed all day long. It was a beehive of activity, both inside and out. And, it was the kind of place where a single guy could get a cup of really good coffee, a glass of fresh carrot juice (my preference), or an exotic tea and plunk down at one of the small tables on the periphery of the main room, read a paper for an hour, and bump into friends, all this while enjoying the scenery. I was that guy. I walked in mid-morning in mid-week in mid-March, with The New York Times tucked under my arm, an iced tea in one hand, my cell phone in the other and grabbed a table for two by the front windows. It was my favorite time to read the paper and, of course, occasionally check out the chicks. I couldn’t help the latter; it’s what guys do, one of our involuntary mechanisms for survival. (And don’t tell me women don’t check out guys!)
I paused after perusing the front page, then inhaled, stretched, and reveled in my personal happiness. It was a perfect day, and it was about to get even more perfect. A very attractive blonde, all tanned up in an all white tennis dress took her place at the end of the coffee line about ten paces from me. If I were inclined to stare, she’d be the bull’s-eye. Well guess what? I was inclined to stare, and she caught my stare like an easy pop fly in the glove of a major leaguer. Our eyes locked, she smiled, left the line, and without taking her eyes off me, walked right up to me. I’m thinking how perfect is that? Maybe I was about to get to know her.
She stood inches from my table. The air was suddenly charged with a billion electrons of possibilities, but none that included the possibility that she knew me; however, “Hi Tom!” came off her lips like an old friend.
I returned her “Hi” like an old friend, dragging my greeting a few extra beats. Internally, I was stunned that she knew my name and even more stunned that I didn’t know hers. She gave me the kind of “Hi” that says I know you—and I like you. “What was up?” I silently asked myself. I didn’t recall ever seeing her before. How could this be? I screamed internally, as the neurons fired up the memory.
“It’s been a while,” she said, standing over me. I stood up. It was the polite thing to do, but it was also a stall, which I was hoping would buy me two seconds.
A millisecond later, while on the rise, I was thinking that maybe she meant years and years and years ago because I couldn’t place her, so I smiled and said the only safe thing, “Yeah,” while my memory rocketed down memory lane in search of any flag that might say to me, “Look here for a clue!”
She followed up with a very sweet, “Exactly a year,” offering me a time frame that might help. Good to know, I told myself, which was indeed good, other than the fact that my short-term memory didn’t appear to be working. At least she wasn’t from some scene in the distant past, out of some story that I really didn’t want to recall. All this ran through my brain in another millisecond, as she flowed into a follow-up to her follow-up:
“I’ve seen you around town a couple of times,” she said, “and once at the club a few months ago, but only in passing. I guess I didn’t have time to stop.”
Three more milliseconds passed. The Club? I probed my inner self, searching for the answer. The possibilities were coming at me faster than the speed of light. The Club? More information. She’s a member at my tennis club? I didn’t recall seeing her there. No trigger there—dammit. She must live in my neighborhood—another opportunity for a link—as my mind raced up and down and all around a five-mile grid, like a drone predator on a hot tip for Bin Laden. I was looking everywhere, looking for any visual cue that could be linked to her identity. Nothing. More milliseconds. My thoughts raced in search of other mnemonic links—anything to put a name to such a perfectly beguiling face. Who?—please! I begged my memory bank: Who is this drop-dead gorgeous woman, and what is her name? All this inner anxiety, and I still hadn’t hit the wall of embarrassment, but it was coming up fast. I don’t think she was on to the fact that I still couldn’t place her, though that moment was surely on its way, like a bullet train. Only a blink away. 
Then I blinked, and out of the deep recesses of my cerebellum, all the memories of her came back. Yes, the memories whooshed in like a tsunami—now fully materialized! I had one date with her last year, like she said. It was a real date—you know, a special evening, a dinner at T. Cook’s in the Royal Palm. It was all coming back. Oh yeah, I was out to impress her that night, and as it turned out, the evening was the beginning of a nightmare, which included giving a deposition to her lawyer. Yessireee, it all came back to me, and it was ugly. I couldn’t remember her at first because I’d worked so hard to forget her. Trauma and fear for my life aided the process. And just then, the walls came tumbling down, and the tsunami piled the detritus right on my beach.
Without skipping a beat, having dodged the bullet of forgetfulness, I said, “Hi Laurie, what a nice surprise! You look terrific!” I buried my lie with my subsequent observation of truth. It wasn’t a nice surprise going down memory lane. It was an unforgettable night with her that I tried to forget! It was a night full of promise that quickly turned into a night full of peril.
Our date a year ago got off to a rip-roaring start the minute I pulled out of her driveway. The conversation flowed as if we had rehearsed a script again and again. Not a beat was missed, not a moment left empty, and each of us was unknowingly saying just what the other hoped to hear. I don’t remember the valet opening our doors at the Royal Palm’s front door, so enthralled were we with each other. We were talking away, deep into every word. Time was timeless, and we were spellbound. I don’t remember paying the bill when we were done either—not until the sting of triple digits on my credit card statement popped up two months later—but I must have, since no one stopped us when we got up from the table. 
We didn’t take the main walkway toward the exit, the one with the fountain boulevard leading to the foyer. We sought a different path, any path that would take us to the first place we could grab a few minutes to be alone, secluded, and enveloped in our own secret garden. That happened to be a quick right, then a left. The Royal Palm is a bit like a maze of tall hedges, ancient walls, and small nooks with benches in front of working fireplaces. It wasn’t difficult to find a secret garden, when there were so many of them. Once on our own, we embraced, and our lips met in a collision of two heat-seeking missiles, and with deep kisses, we communicated everything that had been unsaid over dinner. After a few minutes of being lost in each other, we pulled apart, with unspoken promises, and opted for a walk to the foyer and a return to civilization and the public eye. It was a very hot vignette, one that was far too short for my liking.
The valet brought my car around in two minutes. Launched in romance, Laurie and I took off for The Sanctuary, which was on the other side of Camelback Mountain. It was a hip hotel and spa with a cozy bar that feeds into my favorite outdoor terrace—all flagstone, torch lit, bounded by soaring palm trees, and sitting on the edge of a steep gully, high enough to have a heavenly view of Paradise Valley, the moneyed enclave of Phoenix. 
About thirty minutes into a conversation on the candlelit terrace, I excused myself to go to the restroom. Minutes later, as I was walking out of the men’s room to return to Laurie, I collided in the doorway with some drunken, mop-headed, and disheveled guy, who was not at all apologetic and seemed downright nasty about the collision. Not interested in any kind of confrontation, I sidestepped him with my own muttered apology and turned toward the terrace. It seemed like just a stupid accident, caused by his sloppy footwork and apparent rush to get into the men’s room. But I was wrong about that, as I would discover a minute later. 
When I returned to Laurie’s side, she was in tears that were barely discernible, but she was unmistakably distressed. This couldn’t be good, but I had no idea what might have happened in my absence.
“Laurie,” I said softly, taking her hand in mine, “what happened? What’s wrong?” I looked into her teary eyes and waited for her to speak, without the faintest idea of the reason for her distress. Many seconds passed. I waited patiently.
“It’s that creep,” she managed a throaty whisper in reply. “He’s here.”
I furtively asked, “What creep? Who? Where?” I was suddenly alert and tuned into the sudden increase in my heartbeat and an internal call to battle stations. My eyes discreetly scanned the terrace, looking for someone with a menacing profile. I saw no one that fit my imagination. Laurie said nothing.
I asked her again, “What creep?” while wondering truly what was going on. I followed it with, “What’d he do to you?” This was not good. It stripped away the ambience of the terrace, all of it. Romance had fled. This was not a line of questioning I had envisioned taking at The Sanctuary. I waited. My questions were simple. They only needed a moment before they would be answered.
She looked around. “I don’t see him, but he was here.” 
I didn’t say anything. Even with another glance around the terrace and through the glass sliding doors into the bar, I didn’t see anyone that struck me as a creep. Then the light bulb went on. The creep she was talking about was the creep who had run into me in the doorway of the men’s room. That creep was Laurie’s creep.
I leaned into her. “Does he have long unkempt hair—dirty blond?”
No reply, but a sniffle.
“Kind of a stocky guy?” 
Now a slight nod from her and a whimper: “You saw him?” she asked. 
I easily pictured the creep who ran into me. “Yeah, that guy,” I muttered, as if talking about some sludgy banana slug stuck on my shoe. I get it. I now realized that he ran into me intentionally, trying to make some kind of statement, a show of misguided machismo. A sicko. I looked around again, now knowing exactly who I was looking for, and I didn’t see him.
“Yeah, I saw him,” I replied. “He bumped into me when I was leaving the men’s room.” I paused for a reaction. A look of alarm flashed across her face, and she looked at me for some kind of understanding. But I didn’t know enough to understand.
Laurie looked at her hands folded in her lap. “He’s my ex-boyfriend. He won’t leave me alone. He scares me.”
With as much sensitivity as I could muster, because I didn’t want to sound like I was talking down to her, I asked, “How long has this been going on, Laurie?”
“Six months. He follows me all the time. He won’t leave me alone.”
This was definitely not good. It was not good for her and—trusting my instinct for self-preservation—I’m thinking it might not be so good for me either. Clearly, the bastard is confrontational.
“He follows you all the time?” I paused again and whispered to myself, “That shithead!” before looking into her eyes again. “Listen, Laurie,” I said, “this guy is stalking you. He might even be dangerous. Seriously, I mean it.” To emphasize my concern, I repeated myself, “He could be dangerous. You can’t take this lightly.”
I let it sink in and then reminded her, “He ran into me on my way out of the men’s room. I think he meant to. He was making some kind of territorial statement.”
That registered with her: “What happened?”
“Nothing,” I said, “I just treated it as an accidental bump.” Yeah, I thought to myself, but now I get it. I was now convinced that this guy was totally weird—trying to give me a message. What? I guess the message was, “Stay away from Laurie.” I wondered all this to myself. Laurie was looking at me now, both eyes wide open and locked on me, taking in this news.
I glanced around, double-checking if he was around, knowing now who I was looking for, then I looked into Laurie’s eyes and solemnly said, “Laurie, this guy’s totally weird. You should go to the police,” and I followed that up with an emphatic, “tomorrow.”
She nodded in agreement. 
I waved for the check. It was time to go, but I wasn’t sure where to go. I didn’t feel like dropping her off at her place. She was very upset, and the idea of her being alone didn’t make sense to either of us. She needed to regroup, and I could give her some comfort, but I knew solving this problem was beyond my skills. The guy clearly was a problem, and knowing that was enough for me to opt out of going to some other public place that he could go to as well, somewhere he could make a scene, do something ugly, or maybe even hurt someone. 
I put my arm around Laurie’s shoulder, as we walked out to my car. You can bet my radar was up for the Creep, but I didn’t see him or anything suspicious around my car or near it or anywhere in the lot. As I pulled out, no other car moved, and no one was tailing us. I turned down the hill, off the property, and I knew of only one place to go, mostly by the process of elimination. I couldn’t think of anything else but to offer Laurie a real sanctuary, momentarily anyway: my place. I suggested we could relax there for an hour or so, work through her distress (and mine), and then I’d take her home. She was okay with that, as we both recognized that the alternatives weren’t as appealing. 
Fifteen minutes later, we drove through my community’s security gate near the Biltmore Hotel and turned right, into my circular driveway. My one-story contemporary home was well hidden from the street by a twelve foot hedge. As we walked inside, my arm was once again around Laurie’s shoulders, but the sparks we shared earlier that evening were gone. 
The therapy of “my place” began working immediately. Laurie seemed to perk up, and her eyes were dry. I pointed her in the direction of the living room and told her to make herself comfortable. With my hand still on the door handle, I scanned the view out the door. “Fuck the Creep!” I said to myself, for making me check my own yard. No one had followed us and no one that I could see had driven through the gate after us. That I actually looked warily out the front door really pissed me off. I closed it, saw Laurie seated in the living room, and called out, “Be there in a minute,” as I went into the kitchen. That guy not only creeped Laurie out, but now he was creeping me out! The question then occurred to me: Do I want to get involved with this woman? It’s not like stalker stuff is basic baggage. It could mean danger. I hate the element of danger in dating. “Dammit!” I muttered to myself, poured two glasses of wine, and without further delay, sought out Laurie in the living room, where she was sitting in silence.
Laurie and I barely sipped from our wine glasses. I let her talk a bit about her history with this guy. I learned that they had dated for about a year, that he was totally infatuated with her—clearly the jealous type—and that he’d become physically abusive early on in the relationship. She ended it two months ago and told the guy never to call her again. She said that he calls her every day at her office and every day at her home, and he won’t leave her alone. Why, I wondered, does it seem that beautiful girls pick the worst guys to date? What’s that all about? And suddenly, I see red flags popping up all over the place in her handling of this guy. He was a nut case, and she should have gone to the police a long time ago.
We sat next to each other as the minutes passed, not quite face to face, which seemed to make it easier for her to tell her story, as she stared ahead, maybe at my bookcase, maybe at nothing—probably at nothing. Eventually, she had enough of talking about him, and frankly, so did I. We slipped into mindless chatter about the beautiful room we were in. Finally, she calmed down, and with a solid hour already spent in the soft lighting of the room, we were ready to call it a night. The episode with the Creep had killed our ardor for each other, replacing it with a crude reminder that there are sick people out there. 
I drove her home, walked her to the door, and we shared a light kiss on the doorstep, but no one got swept away. I stood still outside a moment after she went in, fully alert, just off the door, and waited—for what? For a scream? After a minute, I got a sense that she was safe. My car was the only one on the street. No other cars were moving, and no other cars were even parked on the street, which was a good sign. So, I concluded the Creep wasn’t in the neighborhood, at least not at the moment. I drove home, disappointed over the evening’s outcome and disappointed that the romance was killed so quickly and unexpectedly and in such a disconcerting way. I wondered when I’d see her again, and a little part of me wondered if I should see her again. After all, I’d been given sufficient notice that I was interfering with someone’s plans.
A half hour later, I was in bed, reaching to turn the light off on my bedside table, when I suddenly heard something that wasn’t right. I held my breath and went totally motionless, with my radar suddenly turned on. Nothing pinged. I was just jumpy. I hit the light and fell back onto my pillow. Not more than five seconds later, I heard the noise again, and this time I knew what it was as soon as I bolted upright. Someone was on the roof! It was footsteps that I heard above me, the thudding of feet walking across my roof. This was not good. I leaped out of bed and ran out the sliding glass door, into the darkness of my interior courtyard, and looked up to the roof that was over my bedroom. Immediately my eyes locked onto a silhouette of a man. It was the Creep; it had to be. It was his build, and I recognized the mop-head of hair. I don’t think he saw me, even as I ran back into the house to call 911.
Less than a minute later, I heard a siren but no more foot steps. Moments later, a cop car with lights flashing pulled into my driveway and hit the brakes hard. I barely had time to put trousers on. Then another squad car made the scene. The Biltmore area is very upscale, so the cops are always nearby, thankfully. They stayed on the property for twenty minutes, maybe more. It was hard to say how much time passed with all the excitement. One listened to my story and got a description of the Creep, while three others canvassed the yard, to no avail. A lone tree alongside the backside of my house had given the Creep an easy way to get up to the roof. What looked like footprints at the base of the tree confirmed the cops’ theory of access. But he was gone now.
The squad cars left. It took a while for my heart rate to come down. An hour later, I climbed back into bed. Ten minutes later the phone rang. Maybe it was the police checking on me? When I answered the phone, the other end of the line was silent. I knew someone was there, and I knew it wasn’t the police. I said “Hello” a second time and waited. My curiosity had me hold the phone against my ear for another half minute or so. Then a male’s voice—slow, low, and threatening—said, “I know where you live.” 
I replied, “You sick bastard” and hung up. Sleep wasn’t going to be on the docket, at least not right away—maybe hours away. I fixed some soup in the kitchen and returned to my bedroom for a little late-night TV.
A half hour later, the phone rang again. I picked it up. Again, he was there, but he wasn’t saying anything. But I did. I said, “Look I know who you are. Stop calling or I’ll do something about this.” I hung up, wondering what I meant about doing something.
A half hour later, the phone rang again. This time I didn’t answer it. This was beyond annoying. It unnerved me. The soup was gone, but the TV was still on. I’d be watching for another two hours before going to bed, annoyed as hell. Finally, my eyelids became too heavy to hold up. I went to sleep, believing that I’d think of some way to deal with this crazy person in the morning.
I called Laurie right after breakfast, anxious to hear how her night went and if she was feeling any better. She said her night was uneventful. She seemed to be okay, until I told her about my night with the nocturnal visit and the subsequent phone calls. She was now fully committed to the urgency of going to the cops. Also, with my insistence, she would meet with a lawyer and get some kind of restraining order. I wondered if I should get a lawyer too. My interest in her was quickly waning. I could see that dating her was going to be complicated and maybe even dangerous.
That afternoon, I told my contractor the story. He was finishing up an extension of my patio and overseeing the final stage of a new lap pool. He was a tough guy in every way, an ex-marine with tattoos on his biceps. “Semper Fi” was one—the only one I could read. He asked me if I knew the Creep’s name. I said yes—Laurie had told me that morning—and I told him that I even had his address.
“Give it to me,” he said. “I’ll go over there with a few of my boys, and we’ll break one of his legs. We can do it tonight. You want that?”
My eyes popped wide open on hearing that. “You gotta be kidding!” I said in disbelief, not ever thinking that breaking the Creep’s leg might be an option, but I could tell that he was serious. He wanted to help me. He liked me and took my plight seriously. While a thought like that never would have occurred to me, there was a little dark spot in my mind that liked the idea. But no. I told myself—be real. No way.
“Really, you could do that?” I asked, more out of surprise that he would make such a suggestion than out of any real interest. My contractor took it as an expression of real interest.
“Damn right!” he said, in a tone that told me he was thinking I was about to give him the green light to pay a little visit to the Creep with my compliments.
“Wow,” I said calmly on a slow exhale, “I really hadn’t thought of that as a possibility,” which was true, of course. I hadn’t, but now the option was right in front of me.
“Well?” he said, “I’ll do it if you want me to.” He looked right into my eyes, waiting for a reply, like he was hoping I’d say yes.
I actually wanted to say yes. “No,” I said firmly. “That’s crazy. I couldn’t do that. I mean… The guy’s a nut, but not that. I’ll figure something else out.” I paused. “No,” I repeated. “Don’t worry about it, but thanks anyway.” Then I walked away, leaving him with some last-minute instructions for the patio and the pool.
That night, well after midnight, my phone rang and woke me up. It only rang once. After that, he called three times, about thirty minutes apart. I left it alone, like a snake coiled to bite, knowing that I had a broken leg in my back pocket. No friend would have been calling me after midnight. It must have been the Creep obsessing. I made a mental note to get Laurie on the legal trail the next day to put the clamps on this guy and, if possible, to include my name on a restraining order. He actually scared the crap out of me. With his rooftop behavior, I was convinced he was deranged. After a while, I went to sleep, thinking about breaking his leg, maybe both legs. 
The next day, in the middle of the afternoon, Laurie called to tell me she had spent the morning with a lawyer. I was supposed to go down to the guy’s office and give a deposition. I did that as the day ended. And with it, my interest in Laurie ended. I called her up that evening and told her I gave a statement. I said I was truly sorry that she had to go through this mess and that we probably shouldn’t go out until it was cleared up. She needed more help than I could give her, and I didn’t know if I had heard the last of it from the Creep. None of that sat well with me. I don’t think dating should include depositions, at least not after one date, if ever.
I never called Laurie back, and I never got another call or visit from the Creep. It was best to get that unnerving episode behind me. I didn’t realize how successful I’d been at putting it out of my mind until I bumped into her that day at The Orange, a year after our one and only date. At that meeting, she told me that she had married her boss four months earlier and moved to the far north lip of town and that her life was good. That was it, and then she returned to the coffee line. The Creep was obviously out of her life—and out of mine, just like she would be when I walked out of The Orange.


*****


CHAPTER 8
A Sunset in Naples

Her name was Julie.
 She lived in Charlotte, North Carolina, and I lived in Napa, California, just a little north of Charlotte and another twenty-seven hundred miles to the west. Dating, if that was in the stars, with this kind of distance between us was going to be a challenge, especially because I wasn’t a big believer in long-distance dating. When I lived in New York, many years before that, anyone living more than ten blocks away was geographically undesirable because there were a million singles within ten blocks. But since neither of us lived in New York, maybe this would work. 
I liked her right away. Most of all, I liked her eyes. They sparkled when I looked into them, past the blue. And she was smart—really smart—which made her really interesting. She had her own business, and it was a big one—a big furniture business, with lots of outlets in the Southeast. It didn’t hurt that she was really cute—a pixie blonde who looked as good as anyone could look in a tennis dress. She was good at that too. Julie was good at everything.
Our first two dates were relatively short ones, both dinner dates. The first dinner was with ten other people at a private party on a late summer night in an Atlanta home with mutual friends. That wasn’t an official date. However, because it was a subtle fix up, I’d say it could count as one. We were the only single people there, and it was the intention of our hosts for us to meet, and in a way, that’s a date. That’s where we met, and after we did some serious, but discreet, kissing later in the house, tucked behind a door in the seclusion of a distant den, it became a date, incontestably.
Kissing in our friends’ den was fun. It was the culmination of having been very flirty with each other from the beginning of the evening, or as our host said, “from the gitgo.” Sometimes it’s easier to be flirty when the likelihood of seeing that person again is slim. It makes you less inhibited. We both knew we were geographically undesirable for each other, which in a funny way, translated into making the most of the moment. And yes, sometimes flirting with someone from elsewhere allows one to be a little more out there, a little more reckless, a little more liberal with words that go nicely with flirting. We were having fun spinning in the immediate sphere of a dozen people in the house, who were beginning to pick up on our chemistry. The fact that we were the only ones there who weren’t married might have put a spotlight on us. Married people often live vicariously through singles, in my humble opinion. 
Ducking away from the group without having our absence noticed wasn’t possible, and as a twosome under each other’s spell, our cover story of “taking a quick tour” of the house to get a few minutes by ourselves begged for speculation and all kinds of cat calls as we left the group. Of course, we maintained a sense of civility while in proximity to each other in front of our friends. However, once in the seclusion of a distant den, civility was overrun by a skyrocketing mutual attraction and that wonderfully intoxicating sensation of lust. We kissed slowly at first and then moved it up a notch, then another notch, and then another. We got swept away as much as two people standing in a friends’ den at a fancy dinner party could, which is to say we kissed intensely. We couldn’t help ourselves. We were lost to each other momentarily and frantically, swept away, kissing for about five breathtaking minutes before decorum demanded that we reengage with our hosts and the other guests. No one knew precisely what we’d been up to for the five minutes we’d been gone, but everyone had a pretty good idea! When we rejoined the group, Julie’s face was crimson, and I looked like the cat that had just ate the canary.
An hour later, the party ended, and Julie drove away with the couple she had come with, discreetly blowing a kiss to me through the window as she faded from my sight. She and I expressed interest in seeing each other again, but neither of us knew when that would be, so we parted without specific plans. Minutes later, I thanked my guests for the fun evening and the fabulous introduction, and then drove back to my hotel in Buckhead, which is Atlanta’s chic neighborhood and the home of too many great restaurants, clubs, and bars. I was energized and sorely tempted to party on, but the need to be fresh for an early business meeting the next morning forced me to my room, which was a shame because Buckhead is loaded with temptations, and they’re almost all blonde.
Our second date, which was our first real date, happened four weeks later without a whole lot of planning. This time I was in Charlotte on short notice for business and was able stay over an extra night. One night there was a must for my meetings with clients. The other night was optional, and with Julie as an option, I booked it. I called her and was happy to learn that she could go out with me that second night. It was a Wednesday, and she was busy early in the evening, so we simply arranged to meet each other for a late dinner at The Palm at Phillips Place, where patrons jokingly say, “It’s where the elite meet,” but you know they’re not really joking. The Palm has just the right amount of everything, which was why it’s had this reputation for so many years. It was exceptional in every way.
Our dinner together was a lot of fun, and the evening went by way too quickly, which is the hallmark of a great date. I was cognizant that it was a school night and that Julie had three little children at home: a five, a seven, and an eight year-old, already sound asleep under the watchful eye of the sitter. Julie told me how sweet and adorable they were over dinner. Thankfully, she didn’t talk too much about them. Most people say that talking too much about children when the other doesn’t have them isn’t advisable, especially on the first or second date, and I would have to agree with that. We got past the first date, and we would get through this one, but I wasn’t sure about the future because sometimes kids are a deal-breaker in the long run, though not always, of course. It depends on what the kids are like and how mom integrates them into the relationship. All this was something to think about, but not that evening.
We flirted with each other through every course, talking about the things we would do on our next date—maybe a weekend adventure without her children (I wondered if she thought taking them along was an option.) We started naming our favorite places. Aspen? (No, it was too early in the season for snow.) Bermuda? (No, it was too far away for me.) San Francisco? (No, it was too far away for her.) Her home or mine? (No, it was too early in the relationship for home visits.) Naples in Florida, where her parents had a house? (Yes, for all kinds of reasons and no hotel bill!) We didn’t decide on anything, but it didn’t matter; we were having fun just thinking about having fun. 
I paid the bill and walked her to her car with my arm lightly draped over her petite shoulders. At six foot three, I towered over her, so the arm-in-arm thing didn’t work, but we didn’t need that to feel the chemistry. It was still there; we just couldn’t do anything about it that night. She had to go home because it was already late for a school night, which meant no ducking into someone’s den tonight or making out in the car. That wasn’t in the stars for either of us. We did kiss at her car door, however. And it was a really nice one, both of us imparting a moist, luscious long drawn-out message that we should see each other again. It’s amazing what one can say with a kiss. 
She got in her car and drove away. I got in my car and did the same, while wondering if I could do this long-distance thing and whether or not I could date the four of them: Julie and her three children, an all or none proposition, like it is with every mom. I didn’t have to answer that question just then, but I knew I’d have to answer it at some point. Or maybe not. Maybe I could just let it fade away with the passage of time, making no answer the answer, and date someone else, making Julie just a memory.
Two months later, at home, Napa was damp and squishy from winter rain. The vines were bare and dark, almost black from being so wet. The vineyard floor was muddy. Too many gray days were starting to have an effect on me that wasn’t pleasant. This was the Napa Valley that people don’t see in postcards. It was still beautiful in its own way, just very gray—and very brown. And a little dull because it was the time of year that the vines just sit there and do nothing, and I felt I was doing the same. It had been six weeks since my trip to Charlotte and my dinner at The Palm with Julie. I hadn’t been in touch with her at all: no emails, no phone calls, no nothing. Frankly, I had other things on my mind, like local girls and a lot of business, but not a lot of excitement. 
Then one afternoon, a UPS truck pulled into my driveway and delivered a box big enough for some ice skates (a childhood point of reference from growing up in Wisconsin), but of course, it wasn’t a box of ice skates. North Carolina was printed on the return address. It was from Julie. I opened it immediately and discovered a carefully wrapped bottle of champagne and two champagne flutes, accompanied by a handwritten note on girly, pink stationery, which said: 

Let’s party in Naples! Call me. xox, Julie

Timing is everything when it comes to relationships. I called her right away. We picked a weekend two weeks out. I hung up and then booked a flight to Naples, where she’d pick me up at the airport in the late afternoon to begin our long weekend at her parents’ beach house. I was jazzed just thinking about a sunny weekend in a beach house. Being with Julie made it even nicer, of course.
Two weeks later, I landed in Naples. Julie met me outside of the baggage claim, in a black Mercedes sedan, one with a big number on the trunk lid. I guessed she liked to rent big. Or maybe it came with the beach house. Either way, like Julie, it was first class.
Twenty minutes later, we were driving up the gulf shore, and three miles later she turned into the entrance of a secluded driveway and pulled right up to a massive iron gate, which was opening with hydraulics that could lift a draw bridge. I think she paused longer than necessary so that I was sure to get the full effect. The gate must have been ten feet high with more scrolls than The Dead Sea. Then she zipped through it and came to a sudden stop, right at the front door, one hundred feet later. I thought this all might be a joke she was playing on me, pulling into some kind of museum. It looked a lot like The Frick Mansion in New York—I’m not kidding—but maybe bigger. She looked at me and hopped out of the car before I could say anything, ran around to my door, yanked it open, grabbed my arm, pulled me out to a standing position, and facing the mansion’s front door with her arms straight out in front of her, palms up, announced, “Here we are.” Then she sung out softly, “Ta-Daaaaa! My parents’ place!” and laughingly exclaimed, “and they never use it!” as if they were fools. I instantly changed my mind about what constitutes a beach house.
Julie swiftly skipped up the front stairs with a key in one hand, unlocked the right side of the massive front door, and with a push, it swung open. I hopped up the stairs in pursuit, spellbound. My luggage could wait.
As the right side of the twelve-foot high Rococo door opened wide on its own momentum, I lost mine and stood mouth-open, slack-faced, and totally stunned on the threshold of the foyer of her parents’ truly palatial home. I didn’t say anything. I couldn’t have if I wanted to; I was overwhelmed by the opulence before me. For the first twenty seconds, I just stared. Julie was surely enjoying my non-reaction and just let me be me. I was truly speechless, as I took in her parents’ second home, or was it their third home, or maybe it was their FOURTH home? Whatever number it was, I now knew what Julie meant when she told me her father was a force. It had to be the biggest and possibly most beautiful home in Naples, Florida or anywhere in Florida. Palm Beach didn’t have anything like this, though Trump’s Mar-A-Lago, the old Merriweather Post mansion, was in the same league in size. 
I could see past the foyer into a ballroom-sized living room done up in white on white on white across at least fifty feet of white marble, which floated an oasis of white carpet. My eyes moved beyond a continuous row of very tall sliding glass doors right out to an Olympic-size San Simeon-like pool surrounded by—by what? a dozen Greek statues? ancient philosophers? Athenian guards? Plato and his pals? And beyond their posturing was the Gulf of Mexico, forever sparkling, as if blanketed with a million floating diamonds. 
Enough time passed for me to pull out of my state of suspended animation and finally say something, so I turned “Wow!” into five syllables, like a muffled coronet. I figured she had already heard anything else I could say a hundred times before from others. My drawn out “Wow!” said it all.
I took a deep breath, looked across the vast expanse of a fabulous decor, and mustered up a few more words, as I looked directly at her and calmly stated, “Nice pad. Looks like we’ll have a fun weekend here.” That was my attempt at being cool and understating the prospect of our first weekend together. 
She let out some kind of Southern whoop, danced into the center of the living room, twirled a couple of times and yelped, “It’s all ours for the weekend!”
With my back to the door, I did another one-eighty scan of the living room, still flat footed in the foyer, still in shock, but recovery was imminent, and I was suddenly thirsty. I smiled broadly and asked, “Got wine?” 
“Yeah, let’s open some now! Daddy loves wine, so I’m sure anything we open will be really good.” Another whoop flew out of her: “Let the party begin!”
Julie was fun that way, and no doubt, the wine would be good.
She popped two bottles of a vintage French cabernet: one for spilling into our glasses for instant gratification and the other left open on the bar to breathe, while it stood on call following the inevitable draining of the first bottle. A bottle only held four glasses, after all, so there was no doubt we’d get to it at some point.
The sunset was in its final stages, very close to the point where people in Key West would be flooding into Mallory Square, on the wharf, and jockeying for a vantage point in a hubbub of hope to see the green flash that only occurred at the exact moment the sun’s top edge dipped below the horizon. We said nothing as we stared intensely at the sun’s impending disappearance, side by side with freshly poured glasses in hand, at the edge of the bar in front of a big picture window. The sun dipped out of sight, and its denouement showed us nothing other than the spellbinding beauty of that earthly moment when the day slips into dusk. Moments later, Julie disappeared down a long hallway, calling out to me that she had to make a phone call and to make myself comfortable. Easy enough! Glass and bottle in hand, and with the greatest of care not to spill a drop, I navigated the maze of white on white on white of the living room to get to the patio between the house and the pool. 
The western horizon was becoming kaleidoscopic with the final vestiges of the sunken sun. The view from the patio into the Gulf was magnificent. The house was magnificent. And, yes, Julie was magnificent. We were going to have a lot of fun, and what a great place to get to know her better. I smiled to myself, convinced that I was, indeed, going to get to know her a lot better, in many ways. I inhaled the moist salty air that was blowing in with the surf and sipped my wine, as the bowl of my glass captured the golden glow coming off the horizon. I sunk into my very cushy patio chair, which was white, of course, feeling on top of the world, to wait for Julie’s return.
I missed the green flash. I always do, and I’m not sure there really is such a thing. And now I was missing Julie. Maybe twenty minutes had passed since her disappearance. I was well into my second glass of cab, but willing to be patient. It must have been an important call, and I didn’t see any need to interrupt. She would show up when she was done, and that was good enough for me. 
I continued to wait without complaint while watching a sky full of blues, indigos, and purples wash over golden-orange wisps of clouds, disappearing in the fading light of errant rays. And then all of it faded with the passage of the hour, into the infinite depths of the darkening sky overhead. Slowly, the first evening star made an appearance, its light growing by the minute, high over the Gulf of Mexico. Then one star after another…and another…until the sky was full of them.
It had been two hours since Julie’s departure down the hall. My patience, driven so long by an overbearing commitment to politeness, had run out. The bottle of wine that sat on the side table next to me was long gone. It was now completely dark outside, and without any lights on in the living room, darkness had the run of the house too. It was time to find her.
I entered the house through the door that I’d used earlier, and with my first step, I slid my hand along the wall just off the door frame, hopeful of connecting with a light switch panel. There was none there. I cautiously moved forward and to the right, taking small steps and opening my eyes as much as possible for a sighting of the silhouette of a lamp, any lamp. I couldn’t believe how dark it was, and I had a funny flash of an idea that I was moving like a burglar, so out of place in this museum of a house. Within fifteen feet of the door, I located a table and the vague presence of a lamp on it, but groped for it cautiously, not knowing what else was on the table. Surely the only things on any of the tables in this house were really expensive lamps and really expensive fragile things. Fragile things from Venice. And Steuben. Maybe the Ming Dynasty. 
With the quick twist of my thumb and forefinger on a switch, a lamp lit up the room, much to my relief. I suddenly no longer felt like a burglar and continued my mission to find Julie. I turned in the direction of the hallway, snapping wall switches along the way, lighting my path into a wing of the house. I was seeking an open door, and listening for a voice talking on the phone. I passed one closed door after another, all the way to the end, and none of them betrayed a voice in the rooms behind them.
“Julie?” I called out her name gently at first, then upped the volume a bit as I stood still listening for a reply. Still nothing, as I stood perplexed at the end of the hallway. I tried one more call out, almost a yell, “Julie!” Again, nothing. How strange! Now I was feeling weird and thinking I was going to slip back into that creepy burglar feeling. Here I was in a strange house, seemingly by myself, but I couldn’t have been by myself, right?
I began opening doors leading into dark bedrooms and dens and sitting rooms, illuminating each one with the flip of a switch. “Why?” I asked myself, “if they are dark, did I think I would find Julie in one of them?” There were a lot of doors, and after about six or seven fruitless attempts, I stopped opening them and collected my thoughts. There must have been another seven or eight that I hadn’t tried, but by then, it occurred to me that I should go to the front door to see if her car was still there. This made me feel really weird because I couldn’t imagine it wouldn’t be there. What did that mean? Did I think she just got in the car and drove away without saying anything to me? My imagination was becoming fertile, and the line of possible scenarios quickly got pretty long. 
I picked up my pace as I approached the foyer, anxious to get some enlightenment. A quick flick of some wall switches in the foyer caused the front entrance to light up and, along with it, the carriage lamps flanking the outside of the front door. The car was there, parked exactly where we had left it, but there was no sign of Julie. I was moving beyond a weird feeling and actually started getting that silly Twilight Zone feeling. Here I am, alone in some mansion of mansions, invited into this never-seen-before space by a woman that I didn’t really know, not really, really know. And she disappears and, in fact, hasn’t been around for a couple of hours, ever since she walked off to make a phone call and fell down a rabbit hole.
Maybe something awful happened to her. Maybe she fainted, tripped and hit her head, had a heart attack, fell down some stairs, got amnesia and walked away, went into an epileptic coma, wandered off the property with dementia, is playing hide and seek, slipped into a catatonic state, ditched me, is waiting in a dark room for me with a butcher knife to drive into my heart. Oh yeah, my imagination was suddenly running wild! I mentally chastised myself for all these crazy thoughts and muttered, “Get a grip, Tom.” My name softly echoed in the room.
I returned to the hallway where I had last seen her and tried the remaining untested doors, again flicking on a light in each one and ignoring the logical question, Why would I find her in a dark room?
With the flick of the light switch in the second to last room, I found her! She was immobile on a king bed, on her back, arms akimbo, and—what? dead? unconscious? asleep? Forever too polite, I approached her and whispered her name, “Julie?” I paused for a couple of heartbeats and upped the volume a bit, “Julie?” She was breathing, so dead was out.
She moaned, which was good because it meant she wasn’t unconscious—another bad possibility eliminated. But, I asked myself, “Was she dying? Was she in jeopardy? Was she ill? Was she in a life-threatening condition?” All these thoughts raced through my head, spurred by the growing possibilities in my imagination and, of course, genuine concern. Over two hours had passed since she had walked off to make that call. What was the cause of this alarming state?
I sat on the bed alongside her. It shifted under my weight, and Julie moaned again, apparently aware, though barely, of my presence—or someone’s. I leaned forward to whisper her name, when I felt the wash of her breath on my face and the overwhelming blowback of that sweet scent of a cabernet. That’s when I noticed an empty glass on the bedside table, the one she had filled in the kitchen when we arrived nearly three hours ago. And alongside the empty glass was an empty bottle of cabernet—probably that second bottle she had opened in the kitchen. She was drunk and, apparently, had passed out. That was a lot of wine to consume by someone so petite—or large. Or anyone on a weekend date for the first time. What was she thinking!
“Now what?” is the question I silently asked myself, totally perplexed. This event certainly cleared the evening’s agenda of everything, including conversation. The room wasn’t cold, and there were no drafts that I could detect, so I didn’t worry about covering her up. I certainly wasn’t going to get her out of her clothes and tuck her in. I was sure she would be out for the night, or a good part of it anyway. I stood up, walked to the door, turned the lights out, and left, softly closing the door behind me and ending whatever thoughts I’d had for a fun evening. All this proved to me that whatever one envisions for an evening on a date is the one thing that definitely won’t happen. So much for romance—and welcome to the Twilight Zone! It was all too weird.
I went out to her car, careful not to lock myself out of the house, and grabbed my suitcase, after having left it behind in the excitement of our arrival. The night was over for us, and even though I was on west coast time, the traveling had done me in or, more likely, the suspense and discovery of the last hour had exhausted me enough that I had to find a bed for myself. I was feeling the wine I’d had earlier. I ducked into one of the previously discovered bedrooms, brushed my teeth, stripped, and climbed into bed, wondering what the conversation would be like with Julie in the morning. I wondered about that for quite a bit, maybe for an hour, maybe two, until I fell asleep—in the museum.
I awoke with the light of a Florida morning coming through my window. It was gray with a yellow tint, enough yellow in it to carry the promise of a hot, steamy day ahead. I felt like crap on the heels of a lot of traveling and a short night of not very good sleep. The Julie Problem was running roughshod over me. It slapped me in the face before I had both eyes open, as if it had been hovering over me all night, just waiting for me to stir. I rolled out of bed, ambled into and out of the bathroom, after skipping a shower, and slid into my tired clothes. But they weren’t as tired as I was. I went into the hallway toward Julie’s room. Her door was closed. A gentle knock didn’t do any good, so I poked my nose through a couple of inches of open door. She wasn’t on the bed, but I could hear the shower running, so I backed out, silently closed the door, and decided to wait in the living room, not far from where she had left me twelve hours ago.
Thirty minutes later, Julie floated into the room on a silent current of air, and upon seeing me sitting motionless on a couch in the middle of the room, froze in her bare feet twenty feet in front of me, as if wanting to be invisible. If I hadn’t been looking up, I wouldn’t have noticed her. Now I was looking right into an angel’s face, who didn’t know what to do. She must have been surprised by suddenly discovering my presence, but her face didn’t show it. I think she was expecting to find me in the kitchen or maybe the patio or maybe not in the house at all, but not motionless in the middle of the museum in a suspended state of angst, obviously waiting for her. For a very long five seconds, her face was expressionless, before it was overcome by a sheepish please-forgive-me grin. I’m sure that’s what it was, but I was equally sure I wasn’t feeling much like forgiving her. With the morning sun coming full bore through the eastern windows, my anger and disappointment rose with it. And then I rose to my feet but didn’t approach her.
“This isn’t going to work,” I stated loud and clear. She stood across the room, taking it, without a response. I continued, “I’d like you to take me to the airport. I’ll fly home today.” Her forgive-me expression dropped off and was quickly replaced by a curl of her lower lip and the flooding of her eyes with tears. They began to run down her face. She didn’t move. I went to her slowly and put my arms around her, with her face moving into my sternum. All I could see was a pile of blonde hair well below my chin, sitting on some gently heaving shoulders. 
“I don’t know what last night was all about,” I said softly, “but whatever it was, it can’t be good.” I waited a few seconds before continuing: “Look, we hardly know each other, but that bottle thing…” I groped for the right words, and then continued, “The fact that you passed out on the bed is not something I can deal with. I can’t help you with that.” I held on to her, but no response was forthcoming, just the muted sound of her whimpering, maybe in despair. Finally, Julie pushed back just enough to keep my arms around her and make enough room for her to look up. Her eyes were red and saturated with tears yet to fall. My heart pinged with her pain.
“I had to call my sister,” she croaked. “She’s having problems and she needed me.” 
This was a response I hadn’t expected, mostly because it didn’t do anything to explain Julie’s behavior.
“And?” I asked, willing her to continue, while thinking that something more like an explanation for her behavior needed to follow. But other than a few snuffles, no further words followed. Her face disappeared again into my chest, and she whimpered some more. I could feel my shirt getting wet where her face was pressed into me.
I repeated my opening line, as if treading on thin ice in unknown territory, “This isn’t going to work, Julie. I’m sorry.” My arms fell to my side, but she continued to clutch me, her arms around my waist, clinging tightly. At this point, I was shifting out of a state of consolation to impending awkwardness. For the first time, I noticed the coffered ceiling of the museum. It was an intense latticework of three-foot square panels, each painted in ivory with accents of olive and sage greens. My mind started estimating the total number of panels. It looked as if there were about fifteen across the room and maybe thirty in length and… 
“Julie?” I whispered, in a sing song voice that I thought would get her attention without being too intrusive. I gently pushed back on her shoulders, seeking a little separation so we could talk eye to eye. “Julie,” I repeated, “let’s sit down and talk about this.” Thankfully, she was compliant. We would be more comfortable sitting down. I was sure of it and, besides, I was done counting. There were four hundred and seventy-two coffers in the museum’s ceiling.
Julie and I talked on the couch for an hour. I bought into her tearful regret—what she called “slippage,” as a consequence of a difficult relationship with her sister, which was beyond my understanding. At any rate, Julie assured me that her episode with excessive consumption the previous night was a one-time folly on her part. Whatever it was, it certainly was a red flag if we were to continue dating. Some little voice in me was saying something about that.
I don’t know how it happened, but inside of two hours I got over it, and we committed to having a fun weekend together, as we had planned, despite the horrible start. All of the qualities that had drawn me to her prevailed, and that was the beginning of our relationship, which lasted fifteen months. Distance finally did us in, although our breakup wasn’t really as simple as that. Distance is the reason I give for its demise, which doesn’t really mean much because, as everyone knows, there’s his story and there’s her story—and then there’s the truth, somewhere in between.


*****


CHAPTER 9
A Starry Night in Wisconsin

Her name was Diane.
It was summertime and a starry, starry night in Door County, the Cape Cod of Wisconsin—the state of my youth.  Door County is a fantastic place for college kids to party late into the summer nights after summer jobs serving the hordes of Chicago tourists. A zillion stars hung overhead on this crystal clear night, sparkling and twinkling as far as the eye could see. And I could see into the infinite in every direction as well as directly above me—especially directly above me, as I pushed my two-seat, top-down convertible—a silver Datsun 1600 Roadster—to seventy miles per hour on the roller coaster of County Road Q. 
I was on my way from the harbor town of Ephraim on the Green Bay shoreline eastward to Bailey’s Harbor on Lake Michigan. I cruised mindlessly, achingly carefree and fearless of hitting a deer (which were everywhere!), fearless of death, fearless of everything, fearless like every nineteen year-old male. My eight-track’s volume was cranked to the max on Steppenwolf’s “Born to Be Wild,” which I replayed on every last note, putting me deeper and deeper into a state of immortal ecstasy. I drove on, riding the paved waves into a lightless bliss of blackness, penetrated only by my short-reaching headlights, trailing a wash of endless shadows of trees in my wake, my vision blurred by the balmy backwash of air swirling in my cockpit and a couple of beers too many.
Three minutes later, I turned right onto Highway 57, four miles out of Bailey’s Harbor. I picked up speed again and continued airborne for several miles until I saw the AC Tap, a roadside tavern, coming up on my left. I slowed. It stood by itself under the starlit canopy, with not much else in sight other than a couple of dark low-slung houses tucked back along the tree line. It was surrounded by a gravel lot, which was overflowing with cars and cluttered with clusters of college kids doing what college kids do and talking about what college kids talk about and, no doubt, making plans for the rest of the evening. Some were smoking, and several had drinks in their hands—beer mostly, which was the drink of choice in Wisconsin. Pabst was the brand of choice. Cheap had something to do with that. 
I found a place to park in the back, off the gravel, and butted my Datsun Roadster into a knee-high field of grass that was on the perimeter of an old apple orchard. Everything around here was old, except the customers. The AC hadn’t changed much over the decades. It was an old roadhouse in the middle of nowhere, next to nothing special. It had probably been the favorite of four generations of underage drinkers. It would probably be my last stop. The midnight hour was well behind me, but it was primetime at the AC, and the joint was jumping. I was alone and didn’t know anyone when I walked in. I recognized a few faces from some other places that I’d been to earlier that night—and last night too, after I drove up from my parents’ place in Milwaukee. That morning, I felt like taking a road trip in the Silver Bullet, so I picked Door County for the weekend: three hours up and three hours back, with two nights in between in a cheap hotel room at the Evergreen Resort in Ephraim. Now it was Saturday night, and I was hoping to run into some really cute girl, someone to party with through the night. 
I zigzagged through the crowd to get to the bar, wedged myself into a skinny space on the railing, and flashed an open hand in the direction of the burly, mustachioed bartender for some attention. I ordered a PBR on tap and turned and scanned the smoke-filled room. The bartender brought my beer over, and I slapped a ten on the bar. I leaned against the bar, in my best lean-against-the-bar look. You know—nothing slouchy but no posing for the good posture award either. I was feeling light-headed and horny. Guys outnumbered girls, but not by much. The quest began for a connection. Within a minute, the search appeared to be in vain. If she was there, I didn’t see her. I was okay with that. It was typical, but a little disappointing. I had almost no expectations, which was something that had developed from experience, but it was always fun looking. I’d have to lower the search parameters or change the mission. Maybe something would develop, like a late-night party. Or nothing. It didn’t matter. I felt great, probably because I was really buzzed.
 There were a lot of girls in the AC, but it looked like all the ones I was interested in were with guys or sheltered in a cluster with their girlfriends, making them unapproachable, unless a guy had the courage of a lion or he was totally insensitive. I’m pretty sure I was somewhere in between. Maybe one more beer could get me to do that, to walk up to a cluster—like the cluster of five girls jammed together at the corner table by the door. And what—say, “Hi ladies, what’s up?” I didn’t think that was going to happen, though I had fun thinking I could do that and instantly be a hit. It was an iffy proposition. Doing that was begging for the ignore button or worse—a group stare down of me, an obvious alien from outer space sporting horns bigger than any buck in the back forty. That’d be tough to take. And what would come of my greeting if, in fact, they warmed up to me? “Hey cool guy, join us five inseparable girls.” Or, “Join us; we’re just talking about how dopey guys can be.” Or, “Sit with us and buy us all drinks, okay?” My imagination was racing with all kinds of pathetic scenarios. It made me balk at the idea, so I held my position at the bar.
I finished my beer and asked the bartender for another mug of liquid courage. A moment later, I got the beer, but I didn’t taste any courage in it. After a couple of swigs, I accepted my loner status and decided to just enjoy the scene, groove on the music, go with the flow, and give up my thoughts about scoring a chick. I was never very good at it anyway, but it was always a healthy desire and very male, I figured, to think about scoring. It was genetically coded into guys, most of us anyway. But, every once in a while, the universal law of a guy hitting on a girl was overturned, and a girl would actually hit on a guy.
She was a tall, thin brunette, with straight hair that had a slight wave down to her shoulders and a bit beyond. She was taller than any of the girls I could see—maybe five ten. She wore faded jeans and was prepped-out with a lime green sweater over a pink turtle neck. I didn’t see her till she was inches away from me. She came in quietly, like a heat-seeking missile. I hoped I was her target. As I said, she came from out of nowhere and, suddenly, she was pressing against my upper arm, leaning over the bar, trying to get the bartender’s attention. She sure got mine. 
My radar clicked on. I twisted in her direction, facing over the bar again, alongside her, leaning in with her, joining in her quest for the bartender’s attention. He was at the other end of the bar mixing a drink. I think I was the one who caught his eye first, which was a good thing because moments earlier out of the side of my mouth, I stupidly said, “I’ll get him for you,” as if I had some special technique to flag down bartenders. Having a longer arm helped, I suppose, and so did blocking his view of her. He walked over to me, gave me the heads-up nod, and then I thumbed him to her and waited. Mission accomplished.
“Thanks,” she said to me and turned to call her order out to the bartender. She was cute. Maybe more pretty than cute. For one second, we had been face to face, which was all I needed in order to know I was interested—really interested. I glanced over my shoulder to see if there was some guy hovering over her, supervising the buy. She seemed free and clear. It’s amazing how fast the brain works sometimes—all that in a second—and then I looked at her, wanting to hear what she would order.
“I’ll have what he’s having,” and directed her thumb at me. 
“Wow, this was good,” I’m thinking to myself, “Houston, we’ve got lift off.”
She turned to me, and her face was so close I could smell her perfume. I think it was Ambush, which was big that year, and the only brand I knew because my sister liked it. It was my turn to say something.
I smiled and said, “You just ordered a PBR.” I paused a beat. “I’d be happy to pay for it.”
“Thanks.” She stood up tall and pulled back a bit to offer a long, thin fingered hand, which was full of grace, connected to a long, thin wrist of porcelain. “My name’s Diane.”  
I shifted off the bar and stood tall with her, establishing that I was a lot taller, which could be worth a point or two. “Mine’s Tom,” I declared, as we shook hands, “A pleasure to meet you, Diane.” That much I knew to say. I held on to her hand, liking the connection. The rest I had to play by ear and hoped I wouldn’t start thinking too much. I was already thinking too much. My head was spinning over this miracle-in-the-making. Thinking too much was not a good thing. It kills spontaneity. 
“Nice to meet you too,” she said. We were facing each other now and smiling, still in a handshake. Her eyes twinkled like the evening stars, and she had a terrific smile to match mine. So many dopey things were going through my head that I was afraid one of them would leak out. I probably held on to her hand a little too long before letting go, but she didn’t seem to mind. This was good.
The bartender set a frothy mug in front of her. I pushed a couple of bucks his way from the change I already had on the bar. That left me with five bucks out of the original ten that I’d already laid down on the bar, which was good for a couple more beers. Diane took a sip of hers and stood there, gazing at me, possibly waiting to see if I could say anything other than something really stupid. 
This thought occurred to me because it was late, and guys can say a lot of stupid things late at night after a couple of beers. I’d already put down a couple after I’d had a couple too many—maybe more than a couple—but I felt just fine, not drunk anyway. Of course she wasn’t waiting to see if I was too drunk to talk; that was just my imagination, fueled by my insecurity. She was waiting because it was my turn to say something. I didn’t think she was drunk, but that isn’t evident to people our age unless someone is slurring and wobbling. She wasn’t doing either, and neither was I—I don’t think. I certainly wasn’t wobbling, which may have been attributable to the rock-solid bar I was, once again, leaning on. It was some kind of dark hardwood—maybe walnut—but big and hard like the old bars from ancient times when our parents were our age. And I wasn’t slurring. I was probably good for a couple more beers out of those tiny mugs. 
Well, I could talk, and we did. For the next hour we explained ourselves, shared brief histories, and got along great. I told her I was up for the weekend, that I’d been to Door County many times in my life, that I didn’t have a girlfriend, and that I was staying at the Evergreen. She knew the Evergreen because she had been coming to Door County every summer that she could remember with her parents and staying at their cottage in Bailey’s Harbor. My hotel was a fifty year-old tired two-story pseudo-colonial hotel with white porch railings running the length of the outer hallways on both levels, all under a green gabled roof, facing the water. It had a tiny kidney bean shaped swimming pool in the front yard that was fenced in with chain link. This was a new addition to the hotel’s limited roster of amenities. The pool’s surface glistened daily with a rainbow slick of tanning oil. I stayed there because the price was right. The pool didn’t change the fact that it was a cheap hotel.
Like me, Diane was a sophomore in college. She went to the University of Wisconsin in Whitewater. I was at Indiana University. Essentially, we had the summer off. She worked some dayshifts at Wilson’s, which is a hamburger and ice cream parlor in Ephraim and the busiest place in Door County. Wilson’s was a fixture of local lore and a place that everyone who’s ever been to Door County has been to. I told her I spent the summer giving tennis lessons at private homes on the north shore of Milwaukee. It was a nice summer for both of us. 
Not only was it a nice summer, it was a particularly nice summer night. The clock struck two, and the AC Tap was closing up. Most of the crowd had left while Diane and I were talking at the bar. We chatted right through everyone’s departure and missed the last call, which was probably a good thing. My last five bucks had been spent on round two. However, neither of us wanted to call it a night, so it was just a matter of deciding on the next place. Bars were out. Her parents’ cottage was out. I was pretty sure the Evergreen was out. But, in our favor, the stars were out, so I suggested that we go to the beach, build a fire, and make the most of the moment—not exactly in those words. I didn’t say “make the most of the moment,” but I know what I had in mind, and “make” was one of the operative words. The other operative word was “out.” I think she knew that came with the setting. At least I hoped she did. 
I tried to look indifferent about going to the beach, though frankly, it was all I could come up with other than calling it a night, and I didn’t want to do that. Besides, I really wanted to go the beach. I really liked her. I really didn’t want the evening to end. And I might have been really drunk, like every other college kid in the AC after midnight that night, but neither of us cared. She and I were laughing and having a lot of fun, so the beach seemed like a good idea. She said, “Let’s go!” and with that, we walked out.
If Diane had come with some friends, I never saw them. She didn’t have a car there. She said that she didn’t need one, that her home was within walking distance. My arm was around her as soon as we cleared the front door. When we turned the corner of the building, we stepped into a shadow between the front and back lots. I stopped her right there, gently put my hands on her shoulders, and slowly backed her up two steps, intent on pressing her against the side wall of the AC. She moved in sync with me, like a slow dance, till the wall stopped us. My arms engulfed her and my lips went to hers. They were waiting for me. We kissed very slowly at first. It felt so good so fast that we dialed up, and our tongues were quickly in new territory. She was warm and wonderful and soft and smelled so good I couldn’t stand it. We kissed and kissed and kissed. I could hear the crickets in the fields, and someone who was walking on the gravel behind us said in passing, “Get a hotel!” We both laughed without separating our lips. Neither of us wanted to stop kissing. It was everything you could want in a summer kiss, and this was bliss. Someone else walked by us and said something that I didn’t catch. I think my ears were ringing with the thumping of my pounding heart. A moment later, I eased up on the press, reluctantly.
“You, Diane, are something,” I whispered into her ear, “right out of heaven.”
“And you, Tom…,” she mimicked my cadence in her own whisper. I thought she was going to say I was the devil or something like that. “You,” she continued, “are absolutely right! I am an angel!” And we both laughed some more. She was being so cute, and she knew it.
“Okay, Angel, let’s blow this pop stand. To the beach!” 
My car was easy to see despite being out of reach of the building’s back-lot light: It was the only car out there. It looked like it was parked in the field next to the lot because it was. I had to explain that when I pulled into the AC lot, it was the only place to park. I led the way, a couple of feet beyond the gravel, and swung the passenger door open for her. She glided past me, like a summer breeze, and stopped long enough for a kiss that wasn’t long enough. She slid gracefully into the low-slung seat and made her legs disappear under the dash. The Silver Bullet had a lot of legroom but not much headroom, especially for a guy who is six foot three, so if I didn’t tuck myself down into my seat, I looked like I was driving one of those toy cars, where the driver’s head sticks out above the windshield. But so what—it was a sports car, and with a black rally stripe running down the sides, it was cool enough for me. And just then, I was feeling pretty cool.
I turned on the ignition and looked up at the sky before I put the headlights on. 
“Wow, look at all those stars,” I said, and when I looked up, my head spun for a second, dizzy from that last beer. With my cue, she looked up as well. We both stared upward into the universe, and if she felt anything that I felt, besides the head spin, she too was humbled by the overwhelming beauty of so many stars, so concentrated in an infinity of blackness. There were more stars than sky that night. And I was feeling good about having Diane in my car. The universe felt like a warmer place with her next to me.
We rolled slowly out of the parking lot, and just before pulling onto Highway 57, I remembered to put my lights on. It helped. I put the heater on too because the temperature was dropping.
Diane knew the neighborhood. It was her neighborhood. A mile later, at the edge of town, well past its bed time, she directed me through it, all six blocks of it, to the southern edge and a bit beyond. A half mile out, she had me turn left into a barely discernible entrance to a grassy, unkempt gravel road. It had some gravel for the tire paths but no gravel anywhere else. The center was humped with tall grass, which my grill was eating up. We bumped along for several hundred yards, rocking and rolling, literally, to her secret place on the beach, with the headlights bobbing and branches reaching out to within inches of the sides of the car, wanting to scratch it. This was definitely the road less traveled. Of course, as bumpy as it was, we were laughing hysterically at the silliness of taking my little sports car down a road that was an obstacle course even for a four-wheel drive Jeep. She was buzzed too and, together, we were having so much fun.
My headlights suddenly broke out over the water, like the beam from a lighthouse. Lake Michigan was relatively calm, and gentle waves washed in, lapping steadily onto the sandy beach about twenty seconds apart. The approaching water was totally intriguing and mesmerizing. It was a scene of serene tranquility, a subtle expression of the power and endurance of nature coming out of this remarkable Great Lake. The broad expanse of surf born from this virtual sea and an unseen horizon that disappeared into the starlit sky created a surreal setting for romance in the middle of the night. This was the place for us, I thought to myself, as we laughed with every carom and conquered hump. 
Then the Silver Bullet hit a big bump, humped over it, and then unstoppably jumbled its way downward over ten feet of some very rough terrain before coming to an abrupt stop in the sand. I had overshot the drive and was now one with the beach. The laughter stopped. Diane and I looked at each other, not in horror, but in the shared knowledge of being in a situation that couldn’t possibly be good. I broke the silence with the only word that came to mind, the word that would summarize the Tao of the moment. I let out a good loud, “Fuck!” We actually laughed for a moment after that, but it would be the last laugh of the evening.
We got out of the car. I suddenly felt sober, but I knew I wasn’t. The car didn’t appear to be damaged. It was clear of rocks and clear of the off-road driveway we had been on moments earlier. It was simply sitting in sand, right on the beach, pretty much down to the frame. It was loose sand, the kind that runs through hour glasses, but this was not my finest hour.
Thankfully, there was plenty of beach between my car and the water. With luck, I could get in the car, accelerate slowly, rise out of my little crater, and drive up the beach to the nearest exit opportunity. There should be plenty of those, and anyone of them could get us back to the road. This certainly changed the tone of the evening: Romance fled, and getting out of the crater in one piece became the motivation for the evening, which would soon turn to morning.
I climbed back into the Silver Bullet. Diane stood off to the side, in the darkness and in sympathy and silence—and suspense, a state I shared with her. I tried a gentle acceleration in first gear, but only managed to spin the rear tires and kick a lot of sand out the back of the car. Unfortunately, the car didn’t move forward, just downward, deeper into the sand. This was not good. I stepped around a bush, peed, and returned, feeling better and ready to tackle another solution. Diane and I came up with it simultaneously: Collect debris, like sticks and driftwood and maybe even small logs, to put under the tires for traction. We scampered around the deserted beach like two people collecting armfuls of firewood. The darkness didn’t help us. The morning light was still a couple of hours away, and you know what they say: The day is always darkest before the dawn. Well, I can tell you that’s true. We could barely see our hands outstretched in front of our faces. My headlights laid down some light, which helped, but the field was limited, and the field of dreams was gone.
With our best efforts, Diane and I packed branches and driftwood and some fist-sized stones under the forefront of the rear tires. I had a Pendleton blanket in the trunk, which I added to the pile, and laid it down to fit under each of the rear tires, a dubious contribution to the escape plan. For a moment, it occurred to me that the blanket should have been used on the beach for us to lie down on. It would have been perfect for that, had this bit of bad luck not happened. But now, hopefully, it would be useful in getting us out of this mess.
I climbed into the driver’s seat for my second attempt at escape. Diane stood silently off to the side. I wondered what she was thinking. Whatever it was, it couldn’t have been good. Neither of us anticipated this scenario. I started the car again and, slowly letting up on the clutch, I accelerated gradually in first gear, very carefully, thinking I’d have one chance at this. “Here goes!” I called out with as much confidence as I could muster on a base built of sticks and stones, a blanket, and more doubt than hope.
The engine noise slowly rose in sync with the pressure of my foot to the accelerator. Within seconds, sticks and stones were clanking against the underside of the car, making a helluva racket, like baseball-size hailstones hitting a tin roof. And it got louder the more I accelerated. Then the clanking stopped when the wheels went even deeper into the sand and everything had been spit out. The car hadn’t budged—not even an inch, unless you’re measuring downward. I turned off the engine but left the headlights on. I walked around the front of the car and moved into the darkness alongside Diane, feeling frustrated and sobered by the gravity of the situation.
“I’m sorry,” I said, “This is some mess I got us into.” It had been an hour—a very long hour trying to get unstuck. We stood side by side, staring at the car in the darkness, out of reach of the headlights and plunged into the silence of mutual frustration. The air off the water was chilly, and the balmy summer night was long behind us. The dream of the beach was also behind us. The magic was lost. I didn’t know what else I could do, and she was probably thinking what she should do. She broke the silence:
“I’m just going to walk home,” she said. “My house is only a mile down the beach.”
I listened to one of the waves break and then softly acquiesced to my defeat, “Okay.” 
Neither of us moved. A few more seconds passed, and another wave broke.
“I should probably stay with the car,” I said, and paused for another wave. “I’ll figure something out in the morning, you know. You should go home.”
Another wave broke.
And I added, “Don’t worry about me.”
Another wave broke.
“Okay,” she sighed. “I guess I’ll go.” She turned to me and leaned into me.
I put my arms around her. “I’m sorry it ended this way, Diane,” I whispered. “You sure are fun. And you are an angel.”
She pushed back a little and said, “You’re fun too” and gave my frustrated face a peck on the cheek, let go of me, turned and walked out of my arms, through the beam of my headlights, and a minute later, disappeared into the darkness down the beach.
Another wave broke, but no one’s heart broke. It was just a misadventure, an exciting evening with a surprise ending.
It was not the ending I imagined. Time spent with the opposite sex rarely ends the way we envision. I was only nineteen, but I was learning that the outcome I wanted most would be the one I could pretty much bet on not happening. Life throws one surprise ending at us after another. In less than thirty minutes, Diane would probably be sound asleep in a warm bed in her parents’ cottage, and I would probably be sitting in my car feeling miserable and hung over, waiting for the dawn to break. She was gone, and I was still stuck.
But I wasn’t ready to give up. I tried again—the thing with piling driftwood, debris, and stones under my rear wheels. I even put my blanket under one of the wheels, which is all it was good for—the heat caused by the spinning tires from the previous attempt had burned several holes in it, making it no better than a charred rag. The outcome was no different, except this time, the eastern horizon was lighter, and a new day was about to begin, though my frustration still hung around like a stray dog wanting more of something. 
There was nothing I could do at that point, so I hiked up that imposter of a road that had gotten me where I was and stood on the shoulder of the highway at the crack of dawn, waiting for a car to stop at my thumb. I wanted a ride to a phone booth, where I could call Triple A. Instead, I got a cop on the first car. I picked up on the rack of red lights a hundred yards out. I smiled with his approach, making myself obviously in need of something. The squad car stopped twenty feet in front of me. The officer stepped out and sauntered toward me with his right hand resting on the butt of his gun, which I assumed was a pretty standard approach. I was cheery and respectful but not sure if this was the car that I wanted to stop for me. I needed help, however, and with his radio, it could be a good thing that he was there.
He was a nice man, old enough to have a son my age—and old enough to have heard of everything and anything that could happen under the sun in Door County or, in this case, in the night. I told him what had happened, that my car was stuck in the sand, leaving out any reference to Diane and beer. I was actually mindful that I might smell like a brewery, so I didn’t want to get too close or upwind of him. I’m sure the thought occurred to him, but he took pity on me. I’m guessing he thought I was punished enough. Besides, I couldn’t think of any law I’d broken—maybe trespassing—but no harm was done to anyone.
The officer didn’t have the time to investigate my predicament, which was probably a good thing, as I realized there were a few empty cans of PBR floating around my car’s interior. Instead, he said he’d be back this way in an hour or so to check on me, and while he was gone, I should let most of the air out of my rear tires. He thought that might give me enough traction to get out of the sand and off the beach. He also told me I could drive up the shoreline about half a mile to a public boat ramp and get back on the road that way. We both knew there were a couple of gas stations in Bailey’s Harbor that had air pumps. I thanked him for giving me a possible out and went back down the beaten path to my car. Over my shoulder, I saw him take off to wherever he was going before he’d met up with me. I hoped I wouldn’t see him again.
The cop’s suggestion worked. One hour later, the sun was warming things up, as I collapsed into my bed at the Evergreen, hugely thankful for the five hours of sleep I’d get before a one o’clock checkout time forced me to drive back to Milwaukee.
Diane? I never saw her again. And I didn’t even talk to her, though I would have liked to. We never exchanged phone numbers. The chaos on the beach had overridden everything else, and I didn’t know where she lived. But we had given each other a night to remember, just not that kind of night to remember.


*****


CHAPTER 10
Trekking in Nepal

Her name was Cathy.
 My feet were feeling a little squishy after walking a damp jungle trail in the early hours of the morning. Something didn’t feel right. Trekking through Nepal’s Chitwan National Forest required constant attention to the puddled, uneven terrain underfoot to keep from stumbling or getting completely upended, which can happen quickly, like a slip on an ice patch. After locating some dry ground along a humid rock wall, I leaned against its flat surface, which was coated in a glistening bright green moss, and I slid my backside down it to stabilize myself in a squat so that my hands could attend to the discomfort emanating from my shoes. 
I pressed down on the crisscrossed laces of my Adidas, with my fingertips on the laces of each shoe at the same time, and then totally freaked! In that instant of pressure, a dozen or so slimy black leeches suddenly popped their heads up through the eyelets of my laces, looking like black golf tees, but swaying with menace for having been disturbed. It was really gross and not the kind of surprise I like. Besides not knowing that something like that was physically possible for a leech, the instant realization that these blood-sucking things were inside my shoes made me yelp. As fast as possible, I shucked my shoes, only to stare at the pinking of my white socks—from my blood no doubt—and a dozen gorging skinny leeches on each sock, interwoven into the cotton fabric, with sucking mouths that were undoubtedly attached to the skin underneath the socks—MY skin. Clearly, this was not life-threatening, but it sure was gross. 
My three fellow trekkers and Sumi Garung, our Nepalese guide, crowded around me and were clearly sympathetic, but grossed out as much as I was. They didn’t move; they just stared and oohed and aahed until I suggested they check their own socks. After all, we’d all been trekking on the same path since daybreak for at least three hours. They quickly forgot about me and skittered to dry patches along the path, like sizzling water beads jumping on a hot skillet. I wasn’t the only one with leeches! Sumi didn’t bother checking his socks or shoes because he wasn’t wearing any. The porters didn’t have anything on their feet either. Tough feet, I guess. Leeches—yuk! It was one more thing to think about as we began our trek upward that morning from Pokhara, a trekker’s paradise. 
Four Americans signed up for trekking with Sumi for the first few days of a seven-day adventure into the steep foothills of the Annapurna range, the spine of Nepal, which is the Mother Country of the Himalaya Mountains. I was traveling around the world for the year with Brad Kelly, a great friend of mine, and we were in our fifth month. He was from Dallas and an experienced traveler, like me. The other two Americans were two TWA flight attendants on a two-week vacation. They signed up with Sumi and the same seven-day program of four days of hiking up and three days of rafting out. We met them that morning: Cathy with a C and Kathy with a K. They were about our age, and happily, we all hit it off right away. There was nothing prissy about these girls, which is a quality worthy of respect among world travelers. They seemed as independent as we were and capable of looking out for themselves. 
We all were grossed out by the leeches, but like I said, they weren’t life-threatening, so they gave us a harmless bonding experience early in our adventure. We rinsed out our socks in a rivulet that was coursing down a rock wall, and tugged on a dry pair of socks, which each of us had stashed in our bags for the trek. We all had been advised to carry an extra pair for some unforeseen event; we just didn’t expect to have to change so soon. And we didn’t expect leeches would be the reason. Anyway, in no time, the four of us were ready for our guide, who was waiting for us. We cried out, “Onward and upward!” as we continued our hike through the jungle, heading higher and higher into the foothills of the Himalayas.
Two hours later, we broke for lunch on the first plateau above the thick, dense forest. The view, for the first time, was an endless vista, which hung over a hundred miles of the tree tops left behind us. Ahead of us, was a long, slow climb up a ridge, followed by a lot of sky and probably many more ridges. The vegetation changed dramatically, as crisp, thin mountain air started to replace the thick humid air that we had been inhaling heavily while under the canopy of trees all morning. Two of our Nepalese porters were waiting for us at an open camp fire. A pot of stew propped over the flames would be our lunch, along with some of the local bread brought in fresh from a nearby village. We devoured everything edible that was laid out for us, having built up enormous appetites from the slow, steady climb in the late morning. Between mouthfuls of Daal Bhaat and a vegetable curry called Tarkan, we got to know each other a lot better, laughing intermittently about the leeches and thankful they weren’t as big as the finger-sized ones on Humphrey Bogart’s naked back in The African Queen.
Nightfall came quickly to our campsite, as it was situated on the threshold of the higher foothills. Exhausted, we ran through the cook’s dinner while seated around our second campfire of the day, eating as if we hadn’t eaten for several days. We sat in silence with legs stiffening up, but too tired to complain. Minutes after the last mouthful of another meal of Daal Bhaat and Tarkan, we all crawled into our separate tents with aching legs, thankful for a long night to recover from the exhaustion of a full day of trekking. Day one, like the first day of any trek, was a test, and it pushed us close to our limits. I fell into a deep dreamless sleep and woke up in the morning in the same position, when one of the porters rousted us for a daybreak breakfast of hot tea with yak milk and a warm, doughy bread that was served at the tent flap of each of our tents. A little later, still in camp, I opted for a couple of bananas over more Daal Bhaat, especially after learning that Daal Bhaat was really no more than a mix of rice and lentil beans juiced up with local spices. Pity the person who would hike behind me. 
The day was relatively uneventful. With the rising trails, we spent every hour marveling at spectacular scenery that featured the world’s tallest mountain range, crested in snows that covered the tops of Annapurna, K2, and their sister peaks on the not-so-distant northern horizon. The scenery became even more spectacular with every rise of one thousand feet. We felt like trail blazers, although thousands of people had gone before us. The majesty of the experience over those four days of climbing made us feel like we were on top of the world and had it all to ourselves. We were, indeed, on top of the world, or close to it.
Brad and I, Cathy with a C, and Kathy with a K got along famously—and, I might add, platonically, to my knowledge anyway. I’m sure Brad would have told me if he’d done anything with one of them, if you know what I mean, and surely I would have noticed. In the early afternoon of the fourth day, we met up with our next guide, Dondi Sherpa. He was to be our river guide, the one who would take us down the Trisuli River, which is a whitewater river that rushes right out of the Himalayas and down, down, down into the Chitwan National Forest. He had a very rugged-looking six-person raft and a very soft-looking young Scottish woman with him named Susan, whom he picked up from another trekking group only an hour or so before we met up with him on the river bank. Apparently Susan left her trekking team early and opted for the river route back to civilization. Our six-person raft now had six people and was loaded with equipment and supplies for the three-day float to a rendezvous with an elephant taxi. 
Yes, that’s right: Brad and I had arranged for an elephant taxi—a driver seated on top of his elephant, commissioned for travel through the jungle—to meet us at a particular bend in the river. Once on top of the elephant, we would begin the safari leg of our adventure in Nepal. After a three-hour ride atop ol’ Dumbo, we would be checking into the world renown resort of Tiger Tops for three luxurious nights of recuperation and a little tiger hunting on the side, but that’s another story.
Fortunately for us, Susan was very likeable and quickly fit into our camaraderie and all the silliness that ensued from the familiarity that spun out of our foursome’s four-day trek. And, I should add, she was very attractive. She was probably in her early twenties. That she was a Cordon Bleu cook was nice, but it didn’t give her the strength to carry her own weight in rafting equipment and dry bags or, as would become evident later, to set up her own tent. She was petite, but Dondi quickly stepped in to give her assistance. You could say he became her personal assistant. We pushed off within an hour of saying goodbye to Sumi and the porters and found ourselves traveling at an entirely different pace, in a swift current that was dangerously powerful and quite thoughtless about our welfare. We must have been crazy, all of us, to undertake three days of whitewater, which would be periodically crashing us into boulders as big as buildings and spinning us through canyons that disappeared into the sky. It was exhilarating and, frankly, as it turned out, we loved every minute of it.
At the end of the first afternoon, two hours before the snap of dark, we set up camp on a spit of sand off an errant elbow of the river. With our tents pitched well up the steep bank on some level turf, the four of us sat next to each other between a couple of the tents to watch the raging mountain water shoot past us, again all thinking the same thing: We must be crazy to be doing this! Susan and Dondi weren’t with us. In fact, they weren’t even in sight. My curiosity got the better of me along with my bladder, so I stood up, lamely excusing myself to find a bush for relief. 
I walked one hundred feet down river and climbed up a small dune. As my eyelevel rose over the crest of the dune, thirty feet in front of me, just at the base of the far side of the dune, I spied our river guide and Susan doing it on a towel. Yeah—it! I quickly ducked below the crest of the dune, not wanting to be tagged a Peeping Tom, walked away and, true to my needs, peed behind a bush before returning to the trio. All the while, I was wondering where the foreplay had occurred and how I could have missed it. The raft didn’t leave much for privacy or secret conversations. 
I told Brad and the two Cathies about the discovery of our river guide and Susan caught in flagrante delicto. Brad laughed, and the two girls pretended to be shocked, but only for a minute, as our bonding from five days of being together quickly got us all into making some pretty raunchy comments. You gotta love the wild life in the Himalayas! Out of that experience, I momentarily wondered why I hadn’t had a similar experience with Cathy, the one I preferred. It’s not as if the thought hadn’t occurred to me. The only answer I could come up with was an unwillingness to put our four-part harmony at risk by a rejected advance or, possibly worse, a successful one! I concluded that it was best not to rock the raft. Eventually, Dondi and Susan joined us. However, they didn’t arrive together but more like a minute apart. How discreet! Dondi was a stud, a fact that was now evident to all of us and made us assume that he got laid on every trip—Cordon Bleu or not.
The next two days were beyond description in every way, as we encountered total serenity in a wilderness punctuated by roaring rapids with hugely treacherous water holes, the kind that could make a raft dive down for twenty feet and never let it go. Three times in that period, Dondi dropped us on the riverbank and had us walk several hundred yards downriver while he single-handedly guided the raft through whitewater hell. We admired his immense skill in guiding the raft to the next pickup point and asked ourselves what we would do if he was ever tossed or the raft went turtle. It wasn’t something we dwelled on. We had challenges of our own just meeting up with him again, clambering down the boulder-strewn shoreline and perilously making our way over, around, and through the uncountable water-stripped trees embedded in the rock outcroppings. It wasn’t a walk in the park for us, despite the partially trodden path created by countless other adventurous tourists, who had also let their guide go solo through the treacherous parts of the river. 
There were many quiet stretches on the float as well, which gave us an almost surreal experience, with the eerie echoes of water riffing along the base of the towering rock walls, while overhead serrated stream-cut crevices knifed through the walls to deliver dozens of silver ribbons of waterfalls, some falling as much as one hundred feet, and most misting us with fine spray, as we floated downriver in a near delirious state of peace and awe. It was easy to be speechless, although the five of us usually chattered like monkeys, while Dondi concentrated on the river’s currents—and on Susan, of course. Despite some scary moments bobbing through tumultuous rapids, the float down the river was generally idyllic. 
Before Brad and I knew it, three days and three innocent nights had passed, and we were waving goodbye to the girls from atop our elephant taxi. He and I set off to Tiger Tops Resort, watching the girls begin their two-hour float down the river to their drop off point, where a car would take them to a regional airport for a flight back to Kathmandu. The two Cathies lived in the Bay Area, where I lived, so it was likely I’d see them again. We had all bonded as friends, and we promised each other we’d meet again when we got back to the States. 
Seven months later, I returned to California, in culture shock for the first twenty-four hours of being home. Until I found a place of my own, my residence was a friend’s spare bedroom in an apartment in San Francisco’s Nob Hill neighborhood. The U.S. is so different from the rest of the world. Notably, it’s got great shower heads and fantastic toilets, beating every other country’s versions hands down. They were the two things I had missed most in my worldly travels. Two weeks later, I thanked my friends Chess and Gretchen for their hospitality and moved into a two-bedroom apartment on Clay Street in Pacific Heights with a buddy of mine who had just split with his wife and was going through a messy divorce. It worked for both of us. 
Two weeks after moving into my own place, I looked up Cathy’s number and called her to say hi. She lived in San Rafael, just north of Sausalito. She said she was really glad I’d called, and we made plans to meet in San Francisco for dinner three days later, on a Saturday night. I was looking forward to seeing her and sharing our memories of Nepal. We agreed to meet at The Elite Café on the west side of Fillmore Street, just off its intersection with California Street. 
I got to the Elite Café early, which is pretty standard timing for me, and waited at the bar with a martini already in hand, which wasn’t standard for me, but not a bad idea, since Cathy would probably be late from dealing with Saturday night traffic coming into the city over the Golden Gate Bridge. Besides, it wasn’t a “date” date, so I didn’t worry about holding off on a cocktail until we were together. 
With the final olive barely submersed in a classic martini glass, she walked in and, scanning the room, quickly spotted me standing at the bar. She didn’t look great. She didn’t have that carefree sparkling aura about her that I remembered from our adventure. But of course, she wasn’t on vacation anymore, and for that matter, neither was I; so, maybe she had the same reaction to me. But I doubted it. I was pretty excited about all the new ventures that had come with my return to San Francisco, including the most recent plum of landing an assignment to write a weekly tennis column for the San Francisco Chronicle. With my new commitment to creativity, writing was on the docket, and landing this column was my first big coup in the new pursuit of a creative life. Surely the excitement over my luck was radiating from me. Nothing was radiating from Cathy. 
I love The Elite. It has all the charm that a San Francisco iconic restaurant could have. It’s a great place for brunch, especially at one of the tables in the bay windows overlooking the eclectic street life on the busy sidewalk. The Elite is also a great place for dinner for two, especially if you get a table in one of the private booths. 
We were together again, like old friends. I was pretty amazed at how tired and pale she looked. She was probably overworked or just got in from double duty on cross-country TWA flights. After exchanging the hug of old friends, followed with an air kiss to her cheek, I wasn’t able to detect even the smallest sparkle that I remembered seeing in her eyes eight months ago. She started with a glass of wine from the bar, but warned me that the drive home meant that one drink might be it—maybe another one with dinner, but that was doubtful. I understood her caution, of course. California led the country at the time in strict enforcement of DUI laws, so I respected her judgment. I wasn’t driving. I had walked eight blocks to The Elite from my apartment, so I knew another martini was on my docket, although more than that wasn’t in my budget. The cost of dinner alone would deliver maximum pain. Even so, I was taking her out to dinner tonight, at my invitation, to celebrate our reunion. When her wine was placed on the bar in front of her, I momentarily excused myself to let the maitre d’ know the Thomas party of two was ready to be seated. I always used my first name because, as hard as it is for me to believe, I was always asked to spell Dunker—I kid you not. Explaining that it was “like donut” didn’t seem to make it any easier.
Cathy and I got a booth. It was romantic, though I didn’t think either of us had feelings for each other in that way. This dinner was just a catch up on a promise made nearly eight months ago from atop an elephant that was standing knee-high in the Trisuli River. 
Our time together started out low on energy and didn’t have the promise of picking up. Cathy was sucking the air out of the evening; that much was obvious to me, but why this was, I didn’t have a clue. After a surprisingly short exchange of our travel memories from Nepal, I plunged into a barrage of questions to get a better understanding of the cloud that was clearly hanging over her head. It was an ugly cloud, and I was about to learn why.
Six months earlier, Cathy had gone on strike with the union that included TWA’s flight attendants. The strike lasted a couple of months without work or pay—maybe a little of the latter—but with the expectation of winning a pay raise and more benefits associated with her seniority from having been with TWA for nearly twenty years. Cathy didn’t think the union would lose and assumed she’d be back to work after the strike and in better financial shape than ever. She was shocked when the union strike turned out to be a total flop and she lost her job because of it. Aside from a couple of nights of babysitting for a friend, she hadn’t made a dollar since her layoff five months ago.
When she told me this story, in more detail than I could follow, she had been unemployed for nearly seven months and, in that period, unable to find any work that was remotely respectable. In that period, TWA went out of business, like Pan Am had—another great airline gone. Other airlines weren’t hiring, and she didn’t have a clue what else she could do. Her prospects weren’t good. I didn’t know exactly what “not good” meant, but I surely sympathized with her and could feel her distress. I tried to keep the conversation upbeat by being sympathetic and as helpful as I could in suggesting ways she might pick up some spare change. None of my ideas seemed to connect with her—and not surprisingly, as I had so little time to thoughtfully incorporate my ideas into the little I knew about her. 
We only knew each other from our week in Nepal. Even so, I provided a plethora of possibilities and did everything I could to infuse her with some hope. I shared my optimism and told her of my own recent struggle and more recent, though modest, good luck with the Chronicle. I even told her that they paid me a paltry twenty-five dollars for my weekly submission, so she could know that my sympathy for her was real. I wasn’t exactly rolling in the dough either, and my income prospects for the near future were…well…put it this way: They were nothing that could get me a girlfriend who wanted to live above the poverty level! 
By the time I paid the check, she seemed to have recovered some of her good nature and that sense of humor I remembered her having during our trekking and rafting days. No doubt that second glass of wine helped, probably more than my commiseration or any of my stupid jokes and funny stories. I stopped myself at two martinis, which is what one column in The Chronicle could cover. As for covering the cost of dinner, I knew I’d better get a second career soon or I’d truly become a starving writer. 
Thankfully, the evening ended on a much happier note than it had started on. She perked up a bit and looked better for it. I walked Cathy to a crappy old Fiat, which was parked on a quiet but car-packed residential street about four blocks from the restaurant, exactly where she had left it before meeting me. Moments before she got into her car, we shared a good night kiss that felt pretty good to me, although I didn’t think either of us should be dating anyone at a time of mutually shared borderline impoverishment. Dating each other struck me as a particularly silly thing to do unless we wanted to spend our time together in a soup line.
Two weeks later, Cathy called me and invited me to dinner at her place in San Rafael. She said I was really helpful over our dinner at The Elite and wanted to see me again to discuss some of her latest ideas. She said she’d fix dinner at her apartment. How could I say no, when it seemed like she needed some advice? So I accepted her invitation. I told her that I didn’t have a car but that a friend of mine had a motorcycle I could use to get me up to San Rafael and back. We set the date for five days later, on a weekday, when I knew I could get my friend’s bike for the evening.
I showed up on time, just as dusk fled. Her apartment was easy to find, even though it was tucked on the backside of one of the buildings, out of sight of the freeway. It was one of a dozen in an expansive two-story complex right off Highway 101, close to the exit to Frank Lloyd Wright’s landmark civic center building, the one with the bright blue tile roof.
Cathy was glad to see me and gestured me in and, in the same breath, asked me about the ride to her place. I didn’t like riding motorcycles, especially on California’s highways, but happily, my ride up was uneventful, and the traffic was miraculously thin. I said as much. As soon as I stepped in, some savory fragrance emanating from her kitchen revealed that dinner was underway, and it was probably a curry of some sort. “Smells good,” I said, stepping farther into her living room, which began at the front door.
“It’s chicken curry,” she said. “I threw it together with the help of a Nepalese recipe—and some Bhaat.” 
“How fun,” I said, thinking it was clever that she would fix something that would reprise our memories of fun times. “Just tell me that you’re skipping the beans.”
“You mean the Daal?”
“Yeah,” I laughed, “the lethal Daal.” 
We laughed together at that memory. “Don’t worry,” she said, “that’s not on the menu. How ‘bout a glass of wine? Red or white?”
“White works for me, if you’ve got a bottle open. If not, I’ll take an open red. Either one will do.” 
She turned to go to the kitchen for the wine and some quick oversight of the dinner.
I made a sweeping scan of the decor as I wandered a bit around her living room. The whole look was quaint and burdened with international trinkets, what I called collectible dustibles. They were probably souvenirs from all her travels. The furniture was mostly a potpourri of tired Pier 1 pieces. She had a dozen photos hanging on the wall above her couch, all in those cheap black frames you see at Walgreen’s. They were mostly of her posing with a motley mix of fellow travelers in front of some of the world’s most recognizable marvels, including the Taj Mahal with Kathy with a K, Buckingham Palace, St. Peter’s in Rome, and the usual suspects. I didn’t see a photo that had me in it. I concluded that her spare change must have been dedicated to travel. It didn’t look like her twenty years of flying had advanced her decor much beyond the college look. 
I was suddenly feeling bad for her predicament. Clearly, it wasn’t a good one, especially knowing she was out of work. After she walked up to me with my wine, we turned to the photos hanging on the wall, where I got a quick review and little story behind each one. We had a lot of travel in common and got the evening off to a good start sharing stories of our respective adventures. In fact, the swapping of stories carried us through her curry, which was delicious, and into yet another glass of wine—the fourth?—which we consumed while comfortably seated on her couch. She pulled out a map of Nepal, which she unfolded on the floor to retrace our adventure, so we moved down to the floor for an easier read. Happily, the floor was quite comfortable and left us plenty of room for gesticulations as the travel tales flowed, as they inevitably do with all travelers—and so did the wine. I knew that driving back to the city on a motorcycle would be perilous and something I probably shouldn’t attempt, but I would deal with that when I had to deal with it. Our stories were too good to worry about anything, which was a blessed effect of the third bottle of wine she’d just opened. 
In the middle of one of my stories, the lock on the front door nickered and swung open with the entrance of a woman who clearly looked comfortable entering the apartment. She said, “Hi,” and Cathy called out, “Hi!” and that was all, as the woman expeditiously disappeared down the hallway with the encore of a door closing. I looked a little perplexed and looked at Cathy for an explanation, which she provided right on cue:
“She’s my new roommate,” she explained. “I rented out my second bedroom to her last month. She’s very nice, very quiet, and travels a lot, so I don’t always know when she’ll be here. I guess she’s here tonight.” Cathy paused, as if waiting for a reaction from me. 
While she waited, I recalled that there was only one bathroom in the apartment, so I was thinking that the quarters just got a little smaller. This was a concern because I was about to ask Cathy about spending the night on her couch. The wine was good, and I’d had too much of it. Getting on a motorcycle would be suicidal—or worse, maybe homicidal.
“Hey, makes sense to me,” I said about the news of having a roommate. “Sounds like a smart thing to do, especially while you’re unemployed.” I regretted the words as soon as they left my mouth. That’s all that was needed to kill the good mood brought on by storytelling and bring Cathy back into the unpleasant reality of her predicament.
“Yeah,” she sighed, “I didn’t have a choice.” And then her head dropped, and she told me the bad news: “I’m out of money and way into my credit cards.” I don’t ever recall a conversation moving so fast from smiles and laughter to the silence of a morgue. I felt her pain, as the silence became deafening. After the longest ten seconds of heavy silence known to mankind, she picked up her wine glass to make a toast and exclaimed, “Cheers—what the hell!” Those were her exact words. 
I smiled meekly, trying to find something light to say, but could only come up with a polite exit to relieve myself in the only bathroom. I left the room, hoping the bathroom wasn’t occupied. It wasn’t. I ducked in, closed the door behind me, and wondered about my next step, besides the obvious reason for being in the bathroom. A minute later, I washed my hands, leaned forward over the countertop, and stared into the wine-glazed eyes looking at me in the mirror. The image in the mirror said, “You can’t drive.” Driving home was no longer a possibility, which would be my next topic of conversation when I returned to the living room.
She was in the kitchen, cramming a few pots and pans into the dishwasher. She had already refilled our wine glasses, which were waiting on the living room floor for our return. 
“Hey Cathy,” I might have slurred my words a tiny bit. If I did, she said nothing, but I could tell I was definitely buzzed. “I can’t possibly drive back to the city. Mind if I spend the night on your couch? That’s assuming, of course, your roommate doesn’t mind.” Then I waited for her reply. Apparently, she was giving it some thought because she just plunked down on the floor next to me without saying anything.
With her head down in a long sniff of the bouquet from her glass followed by a sip of her wine, she then looked up at me and said, “Sure, no problem, of course you can stay here.”
I guess that settled it, and thankfully so because I had no Plan B in mind. I could see she was feeling really down. I offered more words of encouragement and told her tomorrow was a new day and maybe something might come up that was totally unexpected. For a brief moment, I thought I detected a very slight smile, or what I wanted to believe was a smile.
“I’ll be all right. You’re probably right,” she said while gazing past me, suddenly unfocused, into some distant space and continued, “Something totally unexpected might happen tomorrow.” And then she let a soft smile appear on her face, looked up at me, and leaned into me for a kiss. Our lips met, and the wine helped us believe that kissing was all that mattered at that moment. We kissed some more, with passion growing like a fire ignited by a single ember. Our kisses got longer and deeper. We did all this kissing without moving, without touching each other, and miraculously, without spilling our wine.
When we pulled apart, she stopped inches from my face. She was a little out of focus, and I’m thinking I’m probably a little out of focus to her too. She smiled again, another soft smile, and said, “Sleep with me. Sleep in my bed tonight. Okay?” And then she kissed me passionately before I could reply. 
I didn’t say anything. The answer was never in doubt. We both stood up, took one last sip of wine, and abandoned the glasses on the kitchen counter before walking toward her bedroom. I closed the bedroom door softly.
As I tugged my shirt off, Cathy turned on a small bamboo bedside lamp across the room and then slowly moved around the bed, back to the door, where she flipped the switch to turn off the ceiling light. She pulled the covers back, which I took as an invitation to climb in, and then she walked to the foot of the bed. I was already naked when I slipped under the cool sheets. She undressed slowly in front of her closet, sylphlike, seemingly oblivious to me, while I silently watched from her bed. She had a beautiful figure, slender but with curves where curves should be. She moved provocatively in the low light of the room, slowly turning and turning and turning again, almost like a striptease but with a sense of modesty. Then completely naked too, she stepped to the side of the bed and slipped in under the sheets to be alongside me. 
There was no urgency by either of us. We took our time with each other, exploring, moving together, and playfully rolling around. Gentle and slow worked for both of us. Our lovemaking was sweet, with a pace that took us well into the night. We were silent except for some whispers of tenderness, maybe with sensitivity to her roommate just across the hall, or maybe just because we wanted to whisper. We weren’t lost in the throes of unbridled passion but, rather, made love in a measured, steady tempo, in a synchronicity that enabled us to reach a sublimely blissful state at the same time without any thought for what tomorrow might bring. Moments later, still entangled, Cathy’s breathing became slow and deep, which told me she was already asleep. It was a simple act with an innocence that only human beings can share. 
I closed my eyes, fell asleep, and didn’t open them again till the light of the morning haloed the window’s curtain. I got dressed and whispered goodbye, with the promise to call her. She said, “Okay,” and closed her eyes. I tiptoed out of her apartment, a little hung over, leaving her in a dead sleep.
Thirty minutes later, I was crossing the Golden Gate Bridge on my friend’s motorcycle. Its vertical cables were glowing bright orange, burnished by the sun rising across the bay directly over Berkeley. It was the beginning of a new day in San Francisco, and I was excited about my life and everything ahead of me. 
Late that afternoon, I called Cathy to thank her for a delicious dinner and a delicious evening. She didn’t answer, so I left a message on her voice mail, with the promise to try again later. I called after dinner. Again, there was no answer and, again, I left another message.
After three days, I still hadn’t heard from her. My phone calls went unanswered, and I got swept away by life. I was busy one morning writing my next column when the phone rang. The person identified herself as a friend of Cathy’s, someone whose name I didn’t recognize. She said she was calling the people in Cathy’s address book, which I thought was a funny thing to say and made me wonder what she was up to. Then she said the words that punched me in the chest like a judo kick to the sternum, taking my breath away: “I’m sorry to tell you this,” she said, “but, as I said, I’ve been calling the people in Cathy’s address book to let them know that two days ago Cathy killed herself….” 
I didn’t hear the rest of her words. I’m not sure what I said to the caller, or even that I said anything at all. I went numb. I remember hanging up and sitting at my desk as minutes passed, pointlessly staring at my keyboard while all the energy drained out of me, until I had just enough left to collapse on top of my bed for some more staring, this time at the ceiling. It wasn’t sleep I wanted. It was understanding and enlightenment. I couldn’t move, as I tried to make sense of it all, of something that made no sense. Was there something I could have done to help her down another path? Did I miss a signal, some kind of cry for help? No was the only answer I could come up with. She was dead now, and nothing I could do would change that. She was dead. Just like that—gone. I laid on my back in bed, numb from head to toe, for over an hour, unable to move, feeling like a bowling ball was sitting on my stomach.
A day later I learned that there would not be a funeral. I understood. All I could do was remember her in what must have been the final day of her life. I can live with that, but I’d rather not think about it.


*****


CHAPTER 11
A Party in Napa Valley

Her name was Jill.
It was Friday noon, and I was driving eighty miles an hour—five over—to the Sacramento airport to pick her up for a weekend as my houseguest in Napa Valley. In less than an hour, I would be meeting her for the first time, without even having seen a picture of her! It happened so fast—only four hours earlier—in a phone conversation with my friend Peter, who lives in Los Angeles. The conversation was still fresh in my mind. It’s amazing how quickly things can happen in one’s life, especially in the dating world.
When Peter called me that morning, he and I played catch up ball, swapping updates on our lives and loved ones before he got to the real purpose of his call: to fix me up with a friend of his in L.A., and waste no time doing it. Wasting no time meant that Peter and his friend Jill thought it’d be great if she flew up that morning for a fun weekend with me. Peter told me that he had already sold her on the idea of me. Then he sold me on the idea of her. I didn’t need much in the way of convincing. I didn’t have a date that weekend, but I did have an invitation to a very cool party that night, which I thought might be more fun with a date.
Five minutes after talking to Peter, I was talking to Jill for the first time. She had a terrific voice, which was perky, fun, and sexy, all at the same time. She said I didn’t sound like a pervert, a weirdo, a bore, or overbearing. I guess women and men listen for different things in a voice, although she eventually said I had a nice voice and sounded like a nice person. How nice for me. We laughed enough in those first minutes and, consequently, knew we’d get along. It was a go. We hit it off as much as two people could in ten minutes on the phone talking to each other for the first time. 
Five minutes after talking to Jill, I was booking a flight for her on Southwest. I called her back and gave her the details of the reservation that I’d made in her name and hung up. I think Peter’s endorsement had laid sufficient groundwork for what we needed to know. Jill had less than three hours to pack and get to the airport for a timely flight out of LAX to Sacramento to meet me. It was really spontaneous and seemed like a good idea. Jill sounded like a lot of fun, and she was excited about meeting me. 
We both might have just signed off on a weekend of mutually assured destruction, I mused. You never know what’ll happen on a blind date—all kinds of possibilities float around in the universe, something I learned over the years from a lot of blind dates. A lot. We both knew there were risks, but—hey—everything pointed to a good time, so we both jumped feet first into the fire, hopeful that we’d have a fantastic weekend together and, possibly, that it would be the first in a string of pearls. I wouldn’t be wrong in saying we were both hopeful. Spontaneous behavior can lead to spontaneous combustion, which could be good if it means the relationship gets really hot; but it could be bad, too, if it means the relationship blows up like an improvised explosive device.
I moved into the arrivals lane and approached the sidewalk outside the Southwest baggage area at the Sacramento airport. I saw a woman who fit Peter’s description exactly. She was about five four and pretty, with long blonde hair. She had a petite frame, which Peter described as “delightfully top heavy.” She was somewhere in her mid-thirties, like Peter, and about ten years younger than me. It was Jill. She saw the flash of my brights on my black Suburban as I coasted up to her and her very large suitcase, which was a double-wide on wheels and, no doubt, packed with a closet full of clothes. Peter said Jill might be a bit on the side of high maintenance, but he wasn’t sure. He didn’t have enough data points on that. 
I let it go as the only possible red flag that came up. It was easy to ignore because she sounded perfect for a fun weekend and, as one of Peter’s single female friends in L.A., she had enough good qualities that might even make for a good girlfriend. She was a known quantity, at least to Peter. Like I said, I was hopeful, and how could we not have a fun weekend in Napa Valley!
I got out and walked around the front of my car, stepped onto the curb, and warmly greeted Jill, totally content with my first impression of her. Hugging felt too forward, and our height difference made it a tad too awkward for this first meeting. Instead, I threw out an upbeat, “Hi, you must be Jill!” and followed it with a quick handshake and a double handed grab at the suitcase. All of this enhanced the feeling that we were on some kind of adventure, already having fun and with no time to waste. She certainly worked for me visually, and she probably had the same assessment of me. It’s not as if either of us would say, “Hey, this isn’t going to work for me. Let’s just say goodbye now.” Of all the possibilities in the universe, I was pretty sure that wasn’t one of them.
I quickly stuffed her double-wide into the backseat before opening the door for her, which she waited for me to do. That waiting thing was good. It showed that she appreciated a gentleman, or at least expected one. I liked that because I am a gentleman. With a supportive hand engulfing one of hers, I helped her climb the steep grade into the front seat and gently closed the door. Gentle is a nice touch. Sometimes I even surprise myself with how sensitive I can be.
The ninety-minute drive back to my place in the heart of Napa Valley was delightful. We talked nonstop about everything we each wanted the other person to know and asked everything we thought we had to know, at least for starters. Surprisingly, Jill had never been to Napa, so when we entered the valley after an hour in the car, I told her about its evolution from the early hippie days in winemaking through the years it transformed itself into a slice of Italy with the addition of miles of fieldstone walls, accents of Italian cypress trees, rows and rows of olive trees, and of course the ubiquitous Tuscan influences in residential architecture. 
The wineries themselves had a different kind of architectural influence. Their design was driven by the need to be memorable, unique, and spectacularly inviting, which was understandable, given the importance of onsite sales to their bottom line. As every valley resident knew, and contrary to visitors’ expectations, the wine sold in the wineries wasn’t a bargain; Safeway prices were always better. The only reason to buy wine at a Napa winery was because it wasn’t available anywhere else, although souvenirs were appropriate as an acceptable reason to buy, but not by the case. 
I turned down Ragatz Lane, two miles south of Yountville. It was a dead-end lane of ten aging and dated ranch houses that were being overlooked in the renovation craze, which was feverishly underway. My home, which was at the very end of the lane, was the exception. I had done a major renovation on it three years earlier. It was set deep into the lot by a long driveway, cut off from the street’s flotsam by a thick border of giant redwoods and bounded by a backyard of vineyards and a creek running on one side, creating an impression that it was apart from everything else in the neighborhood and in its own little world. After a drive down the lane, its facade was a very pleasant surprise to everyone, and Jill was very pleasantly surprised when I pulled into the driveway. It was all quite impressive. Yep, you guessed it: I redesigned the house to look like a mini-Tuscan manor, complete with Italian Cypress trees framing the corners of the house and olive trees lining the driveway. I was living the Napa Valley dream, except I didn’t own a winery.
When we entered the house, Jill oohed and ahhed over the decor, trailing me as I hauled her two-wheeled closet into the guest suite, where I pointed out the amenities and left her for a few minutes to unpack. While I waited for her return to the great room,  I poured a couple of glasses of one of my favorite Sauvignon Blanc labels to accompany a platter of camembert and brie, a small dish of Kalamata olives, a delicious black olive tapenade from Spain, some sweet red peppercini peppers, and of course some water crackers. 
I elected to entertain Jill on my back patio in the mid-afternoon until it was time to go to a very fancy dinner party that a friend of mine was having up valley that night to celebrate his fortieth birthday. By the time Jill returned, I had a display set out for us on the dining table on the back patio, which was like what you’d see in a gourmet magazine, with only the lap pool between us and the vineyards. It was one of the many perfect settings in Napa Valley, this one happening on a perfectly sunny September day. It was all so perfect. Thankfully, the redwoods on the western border of my lot shaded us from the direct rays of the waning summer’s sun and transported us into a sun-dappled state of nirvana as we got to know each other even better. 
I told her that I’d grown up in Wisconsin, which made me a Midwest boy with Midwest values, and that I’d gone to college at Indiana University and stayed there for an MBA before taking my first job in an advertising agency in New York City. She was surprised to learn that after New York, I had lived in Atlanta, Dallas, and San Francisco before moving to Napa. It seemed like a lot of places to her. I didn’t mention a summer in Paris. Jill grew up in Orange County. As a kid growing up in Wisconsin, I told her that I’d never imagined that I’d have a date with a California girl. The Beach Boys made California girls seem like they were from another world—because they were. And I told her that I certainly would never have guessed that someday I’d be living in California. 
She said that she’d gone to the California State University in Northridge in L.A., and ever since, she’s lived in Santa Monica. I noticed that she didn’t say she “graduated” from Northridge, only that she went there, so I assumed she didn’t have a college degree. That was a shame, I thought to myself, but not a big deal, not really, so I didn’t press. I safely concluded that she was a California girl through and through—whatever that meant—because she had never lived anywhere else. I suppose I should have asked her if she surfed; that was part of my California girl image. Thank you, Beach Boys.
Two hours passed in two minutes. Suddenly, it was time to prep for the next event. I wanted to allow Jill plenty of time to get ready for the dinner party. I gave her an hour and a half until departure for our twenty-five minute drive up the valley. From our first conversation, she already knew she’d need something dressy for tonight’s party. I suggested attire that was casually elegant for a dinner alfresco, with a light sweater or jacket for temperatures that would be dropping as the evening wore on. I retired to my bedroom at the top of the spiral staircase, which was off the living room side of the great room, over the guest quarters. That left me with more than enough time to get ready, so I turned on the TV to drown out my call to Peter. He wasn’t in, but I left a voice message expressing my deep gratitude for this wonderful and promising fix-up, named Jill, and then watched the news before I got dressed.
Two hours later, Jill still wasn’t ready. When I called down the hall for her status, she called out, “In a minute!” 
It was a dinner party, and I hated to be late for dinner parties, but I was still thinking we’d make it in time for the seating. I fixed myself a roadie for the drive up, since I was pretty sure we’d be missing the cocktail hour preceding dinner. Yes, that’s right—a cocktail. People living in Napa Valley didn’t always drink wine. The summer wasn’t over, and my choice in cocktails was a gin and diet tonic with a lime, so that’s what I was fixing when Jill made her entrance. 
One look at her, and I thought instantly that it was worth the wait. She had on a silky summer dress. It was above the knee and well below the collar bone, which is to say, it was cut very low and, on Jill, very low was what I called sea level, meaning you could see a lot. Not meaning to dwell on this particular design element, but I have to say that Jill had a lot to see, so consider me lucky. The only thing that saved her from house arrest was the black cashmere cardigan she was wearing. Besides covering her shoulders, it covered a lot. She’d be in trouble if the temperature dropped more than five degrees, something all men at the party would be hoping for when they saw her. 
“Wow, Jill,” I exclaimed, “You look fantastic!” It was no exaggeration, and I could I tell she knew it and clearly understood what I meant when I said it was a fancy party. She’d do just fine even if she had lockjaw all evening. Some dates, you know, are better with lockjaw. Jill wasn’t one of them.
I told her about my friends Bill and Susan, who were hosting the party. It was Bill’s fortieth and, as it turned out, a celebration for his meteoric success as well. Their house was in the hills above St. Helena, a town in Napa Valley that is in total denial that it’s something other than a collection of high-priced tourist boutiques. It was their second home; their first was in Pacific Heights. By anyone’s measure, Bill and Susan’s second home was everybody else’s idea of a dream home. It was even Bill and Susan’s idea of a dream home. Inspired by a French Provincial home that Bill loved in Shaker Heights, Ohio, the town he grew up in, it had to be at least eight thousand square feet of tasteful country luxe décor, perched on a hill with a southern view that ran fifty miles over the valley to San Francisco Bay. It was idyllic in a subtly opulent way, and Bill and Susan were the perfect hosts and hugely likable for all kinds of reasons. They would like Jill; I was pretty sure of that. I liked Jill; I was also pretty sure of that.
We surrendered our car to the valet service moments before everyone was being seated. Jill and I were next to each other at a table mixed with some people I knew and some I didn’t. As it turned out, it was a selection of people that were all great fun and made for stimulating conversations in every direction. Jill held her own and, like me, was loving every minute. Halfway into dinner, the birthday toasts began and merriment was rampant. Bill delivered a wonderful and short review of his very interesting adult life. A chorus of the birthday song followed, and then the live band kicked in for dancing into the night, which took place on a platform under strings of paper lantern lights by the pool house. 
It’s a shame not to get into details of this exquisitely fun party, but suffice it to say, Jill was a terrific date throughout the evening. She mingled with and without me, returning to my side before I ever started missing her and easily convinced me that I was the best date she had had in a long time. We were mutually in sync on that thought. The hours flew by, and the clock struck midnight, which is pretty late for Napa. By then, we had all been pushed indoors by the chilly air, not wanting to call it a night.
When Jill and I got back to my house, we nixed a night cap, but agreed that a soak in the hot tub was the perfect way to end the evening. I bought into that, though other perfect endings came to mind. I liked Jill, and we had plenty of time left in the weekend to fool around. I decided that the best course of action on this first night together was no action, so to speak. She hadn’t brought a bathing suit for the hot tub, and going native apparently wasn’t in the cards, so she climbed in wearing a black t-shirt I offered gallantly. 
We weren’t in the hot tub for long, but long enough to laugh some more and share some secrets. The latter was an automatic, as I always felt that “truth tub” was just as descriptive as hot tub. In what we knew would be the final minute or two in the tub, we each expressed the truth about our feelings for each other in no other way than simply a first kiss. And, like every first kiss shared by two people intensely interested in each other, there was an unbearable joy from the indescribable sensation that occurs in that infinitesimally small space between the anticipation of a kiss and the actual kiss. 
For us, time stopped for a very long kiss. It was a blissful moment shared. It sealed a perfect evening together and carried the promise of more of that tomorrow. We climbed out of the tub, toweled off, went inside while still a little wet, grabbed some bottled water out of the Sub-Zero, said goodnight, and went to our separate bedrooms. Tired but happy, we both looked forward to another day together. And, surely, another night.
I slept late into the morning, that is, late for me, which was about nine. I usually get up with the sun, but that’s because I’m usually in bed before two in the morning, which was about the time I’d hit the light in my bedroom the previous night. I brushed my teeth, then quietly made my way down the spiral staircase. It’s made of metal, so it has a tendency to put out a faint echo, which is not so faint if I clump down in a run with hard-soled shoes. I was barefoot, guided by my desire for a large glass of cold orange juice followed by a sixteen-ounce bottle of Diet Coke. I don’t drink coffee, so I depend on the Coke to launch me into a higher level of awareness. It sounds very Zen. The O.J. was downed in a minute, and I took the bottle of high octane fuel back upstairs with me so that I could work on it through the news on TV. I left my bedroom door open, on alert for Jill’s footsteps padding into the great room. 
After an hour of silence downstairs, I slipped into my running gear, wrote a note for Jill, and left the house for a jog along a perfectly suitable path, which tractors had carved through the vineyards. The sun was already hot. Even without it, I would have been soaked in sweat from my hour-long run. I stealthily entered the house, in deference to the possibility that Jill might still be sleeping, but half expecting to see her fixing herself some coffee, which I’d left on the counter before my run. The coffee was untouched, and she was not in sight. “A sleeper,” I thought to myself, and why not—we had a big night, she’s on vacation, and floating on a new mattress with six hundred thread count cotton sheets and a light down comforter. It sounded so good that I thought for a moment I should climb into bed with her. I dismissed the thought, but playfully entertained the idea that I might climb into her bed tomorrow morning, if she’s not already in mine.
I took a shower, dressed for success, and returned to the kitchen to nibble out of a package of Entemann’s Danish, an emergency breakfast that I pulled from the pantry, having skipped the cheese omelet, bacon, and English muffins I would have prepared for the two of us in the morning, had there been two of us in the morning. I went out to the patio to read The New York Times and breathe in the crystal clear and fragrant air of the Valley, filtered by the morning mists and delivered fresh daily from the Pacific Ocean. At a few minutes past noon, I wandered back into the house for another hit of Entemann’s, wondering if I’d ever see Jill again. With a mouthful of Danish decadence, I heard some water rush through some hidden pipe, telling me that the guest room shower just went on. Life with Jill prevails!
Forty minutes later, while I was still working through the paper, and half of the contents of the Entemann’s box was missing, Jill emerged onto the patio with a coffee cup in one hand and some Danish on a paper towel in the other. She was dressed in hot pink capri pants, topped with a white sleeveless cotton blouse, coordinated with shoes that had only a thin pink strap, which made her look barefoot but four inches taller. Her makeup and hair looked like she was ready for a TV commercial for Silky Something, and she could have walked on stage for the talent portion of a beauty pageant, though I didn’t know her well enough yet to know what her talent was. 
I motioned for her to sit on the lounge chair next to me, both of us then looking contentedly over the lap pool and out over the vines to the eastern ridge of the mountains that formed one boundary of the valley. The sun was overhead and not too hot yet, although it would be in a couple of hours. So, we enjoyed the magnificent setting and continued with the same kind of animation in our conversations that we had going for us the day before. Jill was easy to talk to. She had a lot to say, which made it easy for me to be a good listener, and she freely spoke her mind. All these were qualities I liked, so I stretched out on the lounge chair, fully at ease with her, and licked the frosting off my fingers from my last bit of Entemann’s.
As we talked on the patio, we ran through topics like a surfer runs through channels, taking in tidbits of information about each other from whatever came to mind. I got around to asking her about her dating life, which I’ve found to be an easy and interesting topic for anyone and often leads to all kinds of stories.
“Tell me, Jill, about the kind of man you want to be with, you know, the kind you see yourself in love with. What’s he like?” 
“Oh, that’s easy,” she replied without hesitation. “I’ve been visualizing him for a long time. You want me to start with his looks?”
“Sure,” is all I could say, and it’s all I needed to say, as her tone indicated she was clearly eager to talk about this guy. This should be interesting because I was wondering if she knew who she was talking to and if there would be much of a resemblance between her Mr. Right and the guy on her right.
“He’s tall, at least six feet tall,” was her opening line, and that was good to know because I’m six three. She continued without missing a beat: “I like tall men. Even though I’m short, I want to be with a tall man. I don’t know why exactly. I just like tall men.”
I interrupted, thinking I was being witty and provocative, but being neither, “Does that work for dancing?”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, the height difference. Are you okay with putting your chin on his sternum?”
“On his what?”
“His sternum,” I repeated and said, “This,” as I thumped the center of my chest a couple of times.”
“Oh, like for slow dancing?”
“Yeah, for slow dancing,” I said.
“I don’t like slow dancing,” she said.
I didn’t say anything. She moved on.
“And, of course, he’s got to have a good build—you know, in really good shape. But he doesn’t have to have, like, muscleman muscles; that’s a turn off.” She obviously paused to visualize this guy. “Good abs would be good. Oh, and he should have good hands, too. I pay a lot of attention to hands.”
I interrupted again, placing a hand over my forehead and leaning forward, as if in a gesture of deep thought, so that she couldn’t miss my hand on my head, and asked, “Really, he’s gotta have good hands? That’s important, huh?” With that, I playfully waved my other hand in front of her face. She looked at me funny and didn’t get what I was doing. Since my antics had elicited no comment, I guessed she didn’t really pay a lot of attention to hands. That’s a shame, as I’ve been told I have good hands. I let it go and reclined again on the couch, like a psychiatrist’s patient, but I decided to let the shrink do all the talking.
Her next statement really got my attention. She was looking far away, caught up in this visualization exercise when she said, “I’d like him to have a head of thick, dark hair so that I can play with it.” She sighed over that vision and continued, “I want to run my fingers through it.” Upon hearing that, I’m totally sure she’s forgotten who’s sitting next to her because I’m bald. I let it go, telling myself that no one’s perfect, not that not having hair isn’t perfect. I guess this just meant that I wasn’t perfect for her. She continued her description of Mr. Right, speaking out of a stream of consciousness:
“Of course he’d have to like a lot of the things I like. Having stuff in common is really important, but I don’t mind if we have some differences. Differences are good, in some things. I don’t care about politics or religion, but we should think a lot alike, you know, believe in the same things and like to go to Italy. I love Italy. I love Rome. I love everything over there. Yeah, we could travel a lot and stay at all the best hotels.”
I’m thinking we were still in sync, in a simple way, aside from the hair thing. Nothing she said so far was silly, a deal-breaker, or unreasonable, although the part about staying in the best hotels made me think about the hotels I usually stayed in when I traveled. I winced a bit. They were nice, but they definitely were not the best hotels. Even so, I shared the dream: Maybe we would stay in the best hotels someday. Maybe I could afford them someday. The stream of consciousness was flowing out of her now like Niagara Falls going over the edge.
“I love great hotels—not just in Italy. I love ‘em everywhere. Oh, and I love room service. Sometimes I just want to spend the whole day in bed and get treated like a princess.”
The princess statement made my ears perk up, like radar picking up a UFO. Now that was a statement that planted the first seed of serious doubt that Jill and I were destined to be together.
“Well, not all day, of course,” she flowed, “I want to spend the afternoons shopping. I love shopping—anywhere and everywhere. I love to shop. I love nice clothes. And nice things. I don’t care what they cost. I can’t help it.”
The flow of her words continued, and I suddenly envisioned her caught up in it, in a barrel, going over Niagara Falls. 
“I mean, I care about money, of course, but the man for me would have so much that he would just want me to be happy, to have anything I want. I could spend entire afternoons on Rodeo Drive and not worry about a thing.” 
That seed of serious doubt was now rapidly germinating. It looked to me like a study in time-lapsed photography.
“Oh, he would be so wonderful to me,” she said, in a tone that made me think she was going even deeper into her fantasy. “He would surprise me with beautiful jewelry, for no reason at all, just because he loved me so much.” 
The seed of doubt had grown into a sapling, and the time-lapsed photography was still in play.
I had to interrupt at this point, having been so quiet. I was rapidly moving into a state of shock. “Jill,” I said, bursting out of my invisibility, “he sounds fantastic. Besides being a terrific guy and doing so many nice things for you, this guy must be hugely rich.” I stated that with the intonation of a question, determined to get absolute clarification of her desires.
She didn’t look at me. She was sitting with a straight back, almost in the Lotus position on the lounge chair, clearly energized by her vision, her eyes transfixed on the horizon. “Yeah, of course,” she answered. “We’d live in Brentwood and be in all the photos at all the big society parties. I love those parties. I absolutely love them, with all the important people and celebrities. And they’d all want to talk to us and be seen with us. And…and maybe we’d have a second home in Hawaii, where we could entertain all our friends from around the world.”
I had just witnessed a seed of doubt grow to the size of one of the redwoods in my back yard.
I was speechless over her idea of Mr. Right. He and I had very little in common. I didn’t even think I’d like that guy. Besides, I was feeling so trumped by him that I easily concluded that Jill had just moved so far out of my realm that I’d rather press my hand on a hot plate than put a move on her. In ten short minutes, she’d gone from very attractive to a delusional space-head, totally mindless of where she was and who she was with. I may have been speechless, but I knew what to say—but I had to stand up to say it.
I rose and stepped in front of her, blocking her view of the vineyards and breaking off her fantasy. “Jill,” I said in the tone of a pronouncement of great importance, “that is some kind of man you see for yourself.” She nodded slightly, apparently in agreement, but also with a look of anticipation about what was next. Maybe she got an inkling that it wouldn’t be good. I continued, “Listen,” I paused for effect and then rolled into my verbal haymaker, “you’re a very attractive woman, and we’ve had a lot of fun together in the short time we’ve known each other, but I’m not that man.” Her eyes got big, and with that, I delivered the coup de grace, making an even bigger declarative statement: “I’m not the man for you, and I think you should fly back to Los Angeles on the first plane you can get.” 
Now it was her turn to be speechless. I looked into her eyes and saw them tearing up, and then made a move toward the house, calling out, “I’ll call the airlines right now and get you on the next available flight.” I paused at the patio door, having placed one foot already in the house, and said, “You can get back home in time to go out in L.A., and I suggest you pack now.” I stepped into the house and went to my den to execute the plan, as if I’d just executed Jill. And, in a way, I had.
I noticed that she sat motionless on the lounge chair for several minutes. I think she was crying. At least it wasn’t a shoulder-heaving cry, which would have been very difficult for me to take. Some might say I was a little harsh, but it was honest. We were clearly wasting each other’s time. How could I possibly spend another evening with her after that monologue? I felt it was better for both of us to move forward. She could look for Mr. Right in Los Angeles that night, and I would be free of a relationship that clearly wasn’t going anywhere.
I got her a ticket on the first possible plane back, which was leaving in three hours. She packed quickly, and I knew we could make it to the airport in time. It was only a ninety-minute drive, but it was the longest ninety-minute drive of my life, even at ten over. The silence was only broken by her snuffling, all the way to the airport. At the departures curb, I jumped out, opened her door, set her double-wide on the sidewalk next to her, and then stood before her, face to face. It was a good time to say as little as possible. I put my hands on her shoulders, looked her in her teary eyes, and said, “I’m sorry it turned out this way, Jill. I hope you meet Mr. Right one of these days. Like I said, I’m not that guy.” 
I got in the car and drove back to Napa Valley, unexpectedly dateless on a Saturday night. All I could think about was Jill and how right it had felt at the start—and how it suddenly felt so wrong. Of course she felt bad in the end, although I tell myself her tears were caused more by the shock of rejection than the actual rejection. I felt bad too, but I believed the break was best for both of us, however painful. 
During the drive back, I called Peter and told him what had happened. “Bummer,” he said. “She’s a doll, but yeah, she’s high maintenance. I just didn’t know how high. Sorry,” he said sympathetically, “real sorry it turned out that way. I guess you did the right thing. Anyway, I know Jill—she’ll get over it. Probably by the time she lands.” 
We talked a little longer then signed off.
By the time I got back to Napa, I was over her. 


*****


CHAPTER 12
A Beach in Santorini

Her name was Nicole. 
Yesterday afternoon I walked out of my hotel room, but not through the door. I had stopped using the door on the second day.
Seven days earlier, I had checked into the Kamari Beach Hotel, a four-star hotel on Kamari beach, which has nothing but pebbles. It was on the eastern shore of the island of Santorini, a mile north of the famous black sand beach called Perissa. My hotel was set on the back half of the property and overlooked a lush garden courtyard. A little farther out was the hotel’s large swimming pool, sheltered by rows of Hibiscus and lorded over by palm trees. Then a little farther was a pedestrian boardwalk, lined with open air cafes facing the beach, and then, as far as the eye could see, there was the beautiful azur Aegean Sea. The setting was exquisite and much to my liking. 
My room’s louvered French doors were on the wall opposite the main door and were meant only for access to the small private patio, which intruded into the garden courtyard. But after the first day, I used them exclusively for coming and going. When open, which was much of the time, my room quickly filled with the fresh air that was flowing off the sparkling waters of the Aegean Sea. The rooms on either side of mine also had French doors opening onto small patios that intruded into the courtyard as well. If the other guests had been inclined to scale the low wrought iron patio walls, like me, they could have. But no one else was, and no one spent time on the tiny two-person patios anyway. So, I felt as if the courtyard was my private garden, and why not—I was the only one who went in and out of it.
The garden was a very special place, almost magical in its serene beauty, though it was overlooked by everyone but me. From my patio, I could see a nearly impenetrable perimeter of Hibiscus in full bloom, which lushly added to the garden’s privacy. And above me, was a canopy of hot pink Bougainvillea, extending from the balconies of the rooms above mine, thus creating a perfectly secluded secret world. Six Grand Canary palm trees were interspersed, like columns in a cathedral, filling out the canopy and putting the entire courtyard in sun-dappled shade during the hottest time of the day. 
Passage through the lush courtyard was a thorny proposition—only for a bold and daring person, a pathfinder, someone seeking the road less traveled. It required deft footwork, the patience of a maze lover, and a joy for going where no one else had ever gone. I was that person. For the entire ten days of my stay, I never saw another person attempt to cut through the garden. Once, a service person saw me emerge from between a couple of six foot high Hibiscus plants and was surprised momentarily, but quickly recovered his “don’t look at the guests” composure, driven by hotel policy. I smiled like it was nothing. Maybe he thought I was peeing in the seclusion of the garden. I liked this route because it allowed me to avoid the obligatory greetings thrown at me in the lobby.
I particularly loved the palms in the courtyard. They were my favorite kind. They were a species I knew from living in Phoenix—a date palm that was native to the Canary Islands. There were lots of them in the Greek Islands. They had been introduced to the island by the Phoenicians, who sailed Mediterranean trade routes two thousand years ago. These palms were elegant and looked exactly like I think palm trees should look, not too tall and not too short. They would have been the choice of any Garden of Eden. They lent structure to my courtyard and order to its verdant chaos.
By the afternoon of my second day at the hotel, I was taking the garden route exclusively. During the week, once out of the garden, a pattern took shape: I would hike in the morning and into the middle of the day. Then toward the end of each day, when the temperatures were their highest, I’d go to the beach, swim an hour along the shoreline, exit the water, walk back in the ankle-high surf to my towel, and plop down for a while to soak up the sun and revel in my sense of wellbeing. 
I had already been on Santorini on my own for three weeks. Sometime during the first week, which I spent in the village of Ia, the sunset Mecca of the island, I stopped talking to people. I didn’t need to talk. I effortlessly avoided shops and restaurants and spent most of the day hiking, sometimes for six or seven hours at a time, or reading Lee Child novels on the beach. I could buy my food at local markets without having to say a word. I didn’t feel like saying “Hello” or “How are you?” or anything that would reveal that I was an American. Any contact was too much contact. I withdrew into myself and became asocial and played it like a game. It was fun, actually. 
At night, I’d walk the boardwalk, looking into the open-air restaurants, checking out the tantalizing dishes on the plates and the tantalizing dishes in the chairs, but not pursuing either. I usually went to bed early, reading until I couldn’t keep my eyes open, which was about midnight. This often coincided with the island-wide plugging in of hair dryers, as every young female tourist coifed up for a night of revelry till dawn. Despite the activity, I’d fall asleep with my French doors open. My room was close enough to hear the waves hit the shore, and that rounded out my idea of an idyllic setting for my summer vacation.
The days’ events on Kamari Beach became predictable and passed like clockwork, though for me, time had become irrelevant. I was living every moment in the moment and loving every moment, however solitary my existence had become. I was loving being a loner. I thought of it as my big fat Greek retreat.
On the day before my departure from Santorini, I went through my usual routine, enthralled with its simplicity and purity. By the time I got to the beach, I stood on it for the last time and imprinted the view of the sea in my memory bank. A hundred feet out, a string of fishing skiffs ran the length of the crescent of the beach. I imagined them to be moored for effect because I never saw any of them actually leave their moorings. Surely, they were there for ambience only—so that tourists could take photos of freshly painted, quaint Greek fishing skiffs, all dressed in varying palettes of Mediterranean colors, bobbing happily and reminding every tourist that this was Greece. Opa! 
Beyond the skiffs was the open sea, dotted with distant islands that were engulfed by the overwhelming beauty of the blue light of the Aegean Sea, and with it, all the mythology that was stuffed into my head in high school. It was the sea of Odysseus, the man who destroyed Troy and dodged Poseidon’s trident, only to lose men to the Lotus Eaters and the Cyclops. Danger lurked everywhere, with no peril worse than falling under the trance of the enchantress Circe, who with a glance could turn men into swine. It was a timeless tale. 
Only the toughest feet could walk on Kamari beach in the afternoon. Not only were the marble-sized pebbles annoyingly painful, but their blackness absorbed a lot of heat from the sun. The effect was as good as walking on a bed of hot coals. Very few people put a towel on the beach—almost everyone opted for renting one or more of the five thousand lounge chairs that ran the full length of the beach above the high tide line. It was a nice set up, especially since every set of two chairs came with an umbrella, making a day at the beach bearable under the summer heat. 
I heard a different drummer. For me, an hour of surf and late day sun was the perfect antidote for a day of hiking mountainous goat paths. So, every afternoon I would seek a spot on the shoreline for my towel below the high tide line, below the umbrella line, and close to the surf. My towel was my oasis, and I hoped it would stay that way. I laid it out, anchored it with stones, sloughed off my t-shirt, kicked my sandals off, slipped on my Nike water booties, put on my Nantucket Red ball cap to protect my bald head from the intense rays of the sun, and waded into the chilly, but refreshing, surf for a swim that would take me the length of the beach. Today would be my last dip in the Aegean for what? two years? five years? forever?
I swam the length of the mile-long crescent about one hundred yards out and patiently worked my way around the skiffs and through the humpy swells that had been working their way to break point closer to the shore. Eventually, a cliff wall kept me from going any further, unless I wanted to swim out to sea. With that, I began my exit from the Aegean, wading with the waves and navigating the roiling surf, beach bound. 
Walking out of the water could be tricky. The waves always picked up toward the end of the day, and they were beginning a show of their power, making it difficult for anyone to keep their balance on the way to dry land, especially if they got blindsided or were caught right in a frothy break, but the real challenge was getting a solid step forward on the rocky bottom. Everyone walking out of the surf walked like they were drunk. A lot of stumbling and an occasional knockdown made for a good show for the umbrella crowd. I was one of the few who made it the whole way without a knockdown.
Given my late afternoon departure to the U.S. the next day, I was cognizant of doing everything with the realization that it was the last time I might do it for a long time. This heightened every experience of my final twenty-four hours and created an intensity in my awareness of this spectacular Greek setting. My walk back to my towel was intentionally slow, almost an amble, a pace that allowed me to see an amazing panorama: strings of homes, which looked like white sugar cubes that ran up the treeless foothills, the bone-dry stretch of mountains of brown craggy rock surrounding the village of Kamari, the soaring limitless blue sky, a sea and sky snugged without an horizon line, and the pebbled beach of thousands of red and blue umbrellas painted by a pointillist at its far ends. It was a perfect day on the beach, probably for everyone. It certainly was for me.
As I was walking down the beach, through the last gasps of the foamy surf, my attention to the natural beauty of the island shifted to the natural beauties of the island. I scanned the umbrella crowd with a manly interest in the sighting of topless women, which wasn’t a particularly difficult thing to do, given this hot beach on a Greek island in the month of July. It certainly was a fun thing to do, and with each hit I was reminded how different American culture is and how unusual it is for American women to go topless on our beaches. 
I was certainly enjoying the scenery and the entire experience of simply being on a beach on a Greek island, feeling carefree and as relaxed as I have been in years. I almost walked right past my towel. I guess it didn’t register at first as my towel because there was another towel fairly close to it—close enough for me, in my reclusive state of mind, to feel that it was next to mine. Six feet was close enough to cause this illusion.
I plopped down on my oasis, removed my water booties, admired my tanned toes, put my sunglasses on, and then discreetly stared at the towel that was intruding into my coveted space, searching for clues to the identity of the unwelcome intruder.
It was obviously a woman’s towel. The pink floral design told me that much right away, but there was plenty of other supporting evidence, including a tightly woven “beachy” straw purse and some girly sandals, along with a small heap of some light material in a pattern resembling the beach wraps that were so popular with women on the boardwalk. It was an open and shut case, but where was she? I looked in both directions on the shoreline. No single woman was in sight, just some little kids playing in the surf on the left and an older couple walking away from me in the shallows on the right. Maybe in the water—maybe she was out there somewhere, suddenly regretting her move into my space now that she saw that a live person was on the towel next to her. When she returned, I decided I’d be aloof, as if she were invisible. I didn’t want her in my space, but I wasn’t ready to abandon my oasis either. I decided to stick it out, defend my turf, and continue my loner life, oblivious of other people.
I scanned the water and waves in front of me, but saw nothing but floating heads. Then, one head faced the shore and exposed a pair of shoulders, as it rose out of the water and slowly moved toward me, as if adrift, not having yet begun the real climb out of the surf. She got my full attention. Possibly, she was the intruder. I could see it was a younger looking woman, maybe a lot younger than me. She paused to tilt her head back and moved her hands over her head to get her wet hair in place. Her shoulders were barely exposed. That’s when a wave washed over her. For a second, I thought she deserved it, if she was the owner of the towel next to me. She did the dip to her hair again and found enough purchase on the rocks underfoot to move forward.
I stared at her, though my head was aimed slightly askew, as I didn’t want her to know I was staring at her. I thought she was pretty, but I wasn’t really sure of that because of the distance. She made some progress moving forward but had a little trouble with her footing. Her shoulders rose out of the water, and a large step forward suddenly put her waist-high in the water, and that’s when I audibly said to myself, “Oh! My! God!” Now that she was moving closer to me, I could see that she was absolutely beautiful—a Bo Derek kind of beauty, like in that old classic movie 10 with Dudley Moore. This moment was the remake of that beach scene, the one that had caused every man in America to go silent and gulp. In front of me was a strikingly beautiful woman walking out of the surf onto the beach, every bit as beautiful as the shapely Bo Derek was in her skin tight, wet bathing suit. The only difference was that Bo Derek wasn’t topless. “Oh! My! God!” I muttered again, as she began the jiggly ascent up the slippery slope of pebbles. “Is it possible, Lord, that she’s the owner of the towel next to me? The intruder?” I prayed and prayed for a “Yes” from the Almighty. This would convince me that there is a God. I sat breathlessly for the half a minute it took her to traverse my universe and move into my space.
There is a God. Intruders are welcome into my world. This one was anyway.
I looked down the beach, away from her, pretending to be cool and aloof. That lasted less than three seconds. I simply didn’t have the willpower to look away. I turned toward her, to watch her claim her towel, the one next to me, with her radiating presence. She fell to her knees and stretched out on it, on her stomach, facing the open sea, dripping, nearly naked, and dreamlike. My heart was pounding. She turned to look at me, and we made eye contact. In that instant, I forgave her for her intrusion into my space. I wanted to make amends, end the hostilities, and just breathe her into my entire body. I lifted my sunglasses to my forehead and said, “Hi,” thankful I still had a voice after weeks of self-imposed silence. She said, “Hi” back with a French accent and asked me, “Are you American?” I replied, "Yes" and said, "Etes-vous Francaise?” asking her with my best accent if she was French.
I hadn’t really spoken to anyone in over three weeks, and suddenly I’m speaking in French to a nearly naked angel. 
"Oui," she replied. “C’est trés interresant. Vous etes un Americain et vous parlez Francais?
She thought it was very interesting that, as an American, I spoke French. An uncommon occurrence, granted. It was very funny, I thought to myself, because I too thought it was very interesting that I spoke French, when lately I hadn’t been speaking anything. Why I took a shot at it, I don’t know, but I could speak enough for a petite conversation. Maybe that would be worth a few points. But how long, I wondered, could I keep it up, which in my mind, was an interesting choice of words. I was betting I could keep it up for a long time because I can speak French pretty well.
“J’m’appele Thomas, avec plaisir. Et toi? Comment t’appel tu?” It was a simple start. I introduced myself, told her it was a pleasure meeting her, and then asked her for her name.
“J’m’appele Nicole.” She said her name was Nicole.
Our conversation began in French and would continue the whole time we were together. We broke away from the beach an hour later, walked up to the cafe above us, chatted with great animation over a bottle of wine, and discovered that we could have a lot of fun talking to each other in her language. She had a suite at The Bellonious Villas, which was also a four-star hotel, next to my hotel. It was easy to agree to meet later that evening, refreshed by a Greek nap, the power of an hour in the shower, and some fresh clothes for a night on the boardwalk.
We met at ten o’clock at the same café where we’d been several hours ago. We picked up right where we’d left off, only this time she was dressed in a shear white cotton shift with white sandals. She was even more beautiful, though I admit, seeing Nicole topless left me with an impression of her that was difficult to override with clothing. 
The evening together was magical, and every moment was such an incredible break from my reclusive behavior that I was electrified, as if a million volts had been held on reserve for use in a moment exactly like this. Nicole triggered every neuron in my body, and we clicked like two star-struck lovers well into the night. At some unknown hour, after partying in one outdoor club after another, we went to her hotel room and enjoyed each other in every way the universal language of love could be spoken. 
I didn’t leave Nicole until ten the next morning, spent, when a different kind of hunger took over. I returned to my hotel, cut through my secret garden, entered my room, devoured two bananas that I’d had in reserve and a hard boiled egg from my refrigerator. I took a hot shower and then collapsed on my bed in exhaustion. 
Three hours later, I awoke totally refreshed and asked myself, "Did the encounter with Nicole really happen? Or was Nicole just a dream?" The answer is no and then yes. There was no encounter with Nicole. There was no Nicole, not even a towel next to me on the beach, but wouldn’t you say my imagination is working rather well? The truth is I had a great night of uninterrupted sleep, by myself. Thirty minutes after I woke up, I went to the airport and checked in for a puddle-jumper to Athens. I began talking again for the first time in many weeks. It wasn’t easy at first; the words didn’t exactly flow, but I felt great. 


*****


ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Thomas Dunker was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and has lived in New York, Atlanta, Dallas, San Francisco, Napa, Scottsdale, Sedona and now lives once again in Dallas. He earned his B.A. and M.B.A. at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. Besides being a writer, he is also an artist and paints under the name Tomaso DiTomaso. You can see his work at his website: 

http://www.TomasoPaintings.com


ALSO BY THOMAS DUNKER…

A Love Story with a Little Heartbreak
 
A Love Story with a Little Heartbreak is based on a true story of one woman’s dream finally coming true not only against all odds, but after believing that her dream had been lost forever. The story takes place in Chilton, a hamlet in the middle of the farming community of central Wisconsin in 1945-1951. It is about the heartbreaking and instantaneous destruction of one woman’s dream–a life as part of a wonderfully romantic couple. Only with the strength and courage to survive enormous tragedy, does she recover that dream. This is a moving tale with an unexpected ending.

That’s Not Food: Straight Talk About Your Choices and the Real Enemy: The Corporate Food Giants

You’ve been tricked by America’s big food corporations your whole life. That’s right! Kellogg, General Mills, Pepsico, Kraft, ConAgra, and the other food giants have been fooling you for years in selling you their sugar bombs and manufactured food. By understanding the truth about the foods you are eating and by following the guidelines in this uplifting book, you will free yourself from the tyranny and deceit of Big Food, who have misdirected you and turned you away from eating right, and you will come to discover how wonderful food is, how wonderful it can taste, and how good it is for you!

The author, Thomas Dunker, is someone who knows about the trickery of Big Food because, as a marketing research consultant, he helped them for twenty-five years to create products, advertising, and packaging that attempt to fool you. He knows better now and wants you to know that you, too, can become healthier and happier by eating real food, not the manufactured food you get from Big Food. This book will set you on the path to losing weight and eating right—and becoming happier, sexier, healthier, and more vital!

The Savvy Man’s Guide to Finding True Love 

The Savvy Man’s Guide to Finding True Love is based on the author’s interesting and refreshing point of view formed from years of experience in the dating world. It is a simple guidebook for men at least forty years old who are interested in finding True Love, which in this case, means a life partner. It helps them come to grips with the possibility that they’ve been looking for love in all the wrong places, by giving them a better understanding of the importance of seeking like-minded women with similar life contexts. This book also contains a three-chapter excerpt from Confessions of a Dating Fool, also by Thomas Dunker.

