
Out of Texas 1
The Gaunt-Faced Grappler
By James Hold

Copyright 2012 James Roy Hold 
Smashwords Edition
Thank you for downloading this ebook. It is the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com where they can also discover more works by this author. Thank you for your support.

The following text is an improved version of Part One of OUT OF TEXAS, originally published by iUniverse, Inc, 2004, ISBN 0-595-32706-0.
All persons and places parodied herein are in the spirit of fun with no malice intended. 
Except for the stuff about Dallas. Them I really don't like.
While making occasional use of song titles and lyrics as chapter headings, it is not this author's intent to infringe upon copyrights or to deny anyone their due. Rather it is to promote interest for those readers unfamiliar with the artists presented. So please, no lawsuits; okay?

CONTENTS
Dark Encounter 
Idolatry 
If It Quacks Like a Doc 
Serious matters 
Who Razed You? 
Lettuce Prey 
Penetration 
Brainstorming 


Everybody has a story.
The gaunt-faced grappler's tale begins here. 

DARK ENCOUNTER
"Now Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was a stranger."
Genesis 37:1
1. Eternity Road
While there are any number of fun things to do in Texas, crawling on your hands and knees in the middle of a late night fog isn't one of them. Such was Jon Raas' opinion anyway. He'd been driving in a thickening haze for the better part of the night when a cat, preoccupied with scratching itself behind one ear, appeared in the middle of the road, causing him to screech to an unexpected halt. Getting out to investigate, he'd dropped his keys and was now groping in the dark trying to find them.
"Good grief," he muttered, poking tentative fingers into one of the bottomless potholes that typified the streets of Dallas, "it's like something out of a slasher movie. Any moment now some crazed figure will leap out and—"
Someone tapped him on the shoulder.
"Yikes!" Raas flattened himself against the car, clutching his chest.
"Y'okay?" asked a soft voice.
Raas looked about. Misty haze obscured everything. Finally he glanced down. The kid was much smaller than he'd expected. "Oh God, you scared the heck out of me."
"Sorry," the kid apologized. He was very scrawny and his eyes had a weird shine to them. "Yer Jon Raas, right?"
"Why yes, I am. But how—"
"Courier." The kid produced an envelope. "Message fer ya."
Raas opened the envelope, read the message, stuffed it in his pocket.
"Bad news?" asked the kid.
"Position filled;" Raas quoted, "sorry for inconvenience. Only how—?"
The kid was scratching himself vigorously behind the ear; just like that cat, earlier. He rotated his head in Raas' direction, stopped abruptly, and stared with unblinking blue eyes.
"Oh, right." Raas realized he was waiting for a tip and dug into his pocket for a coin. Instead he came up with his missing car keys. 
When he looked up the fog had grown thicker and the kid was gone.
2. Lost in a Lost World 
Tuesday afternoon gave way to evening. The mist and potholes made it too risky to journey on. Raas dug out his copy of Walt's Across Texas and read by the dashboard light: 
The City of Dallas is an autonomous entity located within Texas, its name deriving from an old Indian word meaning, "needs paint." The wind howls incessantly through ramshackle buildings, scattering dust across a dry barren plain, and no one cares to linger longer than necessary. 
Raas took another look around. True, it wasn't much, but coming from Oklahoma anything would be an improvement.
Across the road stood a dilapidated two-story building—the Lost Chord Hotel. He paused at the threshold, observing the eerie glow of a distant hill, and felt something tug at his trouser leg. Yet glancing down, he saw nothing. 
Inside, the flickering beam of a candle revealed an old man stationed behind the counter and a girl standing to one side, petting a cat.
"What's that eerie glow outside?" Raas asked.
The desk clerk scratched his whiskers. "Must be the cornfield next to the toxic waste dump."
"Dallas has a toxic waste dump?"
The clerk nodded. "Leased it to some utility firm. City needs money."
"It wasn't always a cornfield," the girl began hesitantly.
The clerk gave her a harsh look. 
"Now you just shush and go about your chores." 
The girl left and the old man apologized to Raas. 
"Don't mind Jenny. She's a little off in the head. Now, what can I do for you?" 
"I'd like a room and a bath," Raas said wearily.
"Well now," the clerk again scratched his whiskers, "rooms we got. But as for the bath..."
"I know," Raas interrupted, "I'll have to take the bath myself."
The clerk looked at him a moment, then laughed. "Say, that's a good one. Take the bath yourself. No, I was going to say, if you want a bath, it's at the end of the hall." He handed Raas a key.
"I take it you're a Moody Blues fan," Raas remarked. 
"How's that?"
"Well, the name. Lost Chord Hotel."
"Oh that. Actually it's because we don't have any electricity."

Raas took the key and went up. The stairway was dark. The hall was dark. He unlocked the door and the room was dark. He felt his way across, expecting to bump into the bed. Instead he felt the opposite wall.
Raas stormed back downstairs where the clerk was attending a rugged-looking fellow with cauliflower ears.
"Hey," said Raas, "there's no bed in my room."
The clerk looked at him blankly. "You never specified wanting a bed."
"And?"
"Well," he stroked his whiskers, "it's like this: we got plenty of rooms, but only one of them has a bed. I just gave it to this gentleman here. Yes sir, it ain't often we have celebrities stay with us."
One look and Raas recognized Gordon Paul, the famed Houston wrestling promoter, said to have an ice cube for a heart and a refrigerator coil for a brain. Gordon Paul grunted, then grabbed his suitcase to go upstairs.
"Unless," the clerk suggested, "Mr Paul would like to share with you."
Gordon Paul halted but did not turn around.
"You could split the cost," the clerk suggested.
Only then did Gordon Paul turn around.

The new room was dark as the first one, but at least it had a bed. Nothing else, just a bed. Fortunately the window faced the toxic waste dump, allowing a faint luminescence into the room.
Gordon set his suitcase on the floor. "Your name's Genres?"
"Jon Raas," Raas corrected.
Gordon grunted, removed his coat, and hung it the bedpost.
"Tell you what, Raas. It wouldn't be right to make you sleep on the floor, seeing as you're paying half..."
Hey, thought Raas, maybe those stories about him being cold-hearted aren't true after all.
"So I'll let you can have one of the pillows."
3. Nice To Be Here
Raas took the pillow and sought a corner, a feeling of foreboding settling over him. Maybe it was the darkness. Or the glow. Or the piles of dust on the floor. In any event he found himself unable to sleep.
Getting to his knees, he idly rubbed a small circle of the grimy window to allow more light in. The toxic glow had a slight oval shape and, with his view bisected by a tree, it appeared to Raas like an enormous cat's eye. The Okie then rummaged through his tote bag, coming up with Izak Blitzen's Seven Gothic Texans. 
The Great State of Texas is like a John Holmes movie. One cannot help but be impressed at the size of the thing. The East is lush and green; the West flat and dusty, and the Northern border sports a wall. At the cultural center of it all lies Houston.
A Northerner was once asked, "What do you think about civilization in Texas?" and he replied, "I'm all for it." Naturally they shot him. 
Thus, while Texas embraces all, it is not for everybody, this being a matter not of race or culture, but of spirit. And every now and then that spirit reforms from the dust of the ground and is called forth out of the wilderness to impress itself upon the land and walk amongst its people. 
Raas' second-hand copy might have been worth something if only some woman named Karen hadn't gone and scribbled her name across the title page.
"Do you think that's true, Gordon?" Raas asked. "Spirits forming themselves from the dust of the ground?"
"If they do, there's enough under the bed to field a football team."
In 1836, the Great State of Texas named Houston its new capital, moving the seat of government from its temporary headquarters in Columbia. In 1839, some of the lesser bureaucratic functions were transferred to Austin. 
The name "Houston" is from an old Indian term for "My God! Look at the size of them mosquitoes!" All Texas towns are named after old Indian words; for instance, Brenham, which is the Indian word for "smoked sausage," or Waco, which means "tastes like prune juice." 
Unfortunately the old Indian died so they couldn't establish any new townships; which was just as well as he'd pretty much run out of words and was reduced to things like "Has anybody seen my teeth?" or "Uh-oh, I think I just soiled myself." 
Raas paused, overcome with envy. Oklahomans didn't bother naming their towns since tornadoes just came along and blew them down anyway. 
"What brings you to Dallas?" he asked Gordon.
"On my way back from scouting talent. You?"
"Well, it's not like you need an excuse to leave Oklahoma. I mean, you ever read their Tourist Guide? One page: Don't bother. Unfortunately I fell for that Hollywood myth about Dallas being part of Texas. You wouldn't happen to need an accountant, would you?"
"I might, if the price is right."
"Ooh, I could even help with the TV announcing. I'm full of wrestling trivia. For instance, did you know it was Luis Ramirez, as El Gladiador, who invented the move know as la quebradora?"
"Yeah; you're full of it all right."
Raas knew much more about Gordon Paul than he let on, how the man had wrestled in the service and was an early pioneer of the sleeper hold. And he was the only wrestler ever to take the Ox Baker heart punch with absolutely no effect. Raas could see now how that was possible. Still he had a job offer so things were looking up.
And speaking of up, he wondered why Gordon was waving at him. At least, his hand was up... and the fingers were moving... But wait. If his head was at one end of the bed, how could his hand be... all the way... down there? 
"Aaaaaaahhhh!"
"What the hell!" Gordon leapt from the bed.
But all Raas could do was point, speechless, as a dismembered hand, in a ragged sleeve, dropped to the floor and wiggled out of sight.
4. No More Lies
Actually it was a dismembered forearm, or so Raas explained to the clerk. The desk clerk listened quietly, nodding as Raas finished his story.
"Sounds like the Hand," he said.
"W-what's the Hand?"
The clerk began, "Oh, it's this part here, at the end of the wrist," but one look at Gordon made him think better of it. The clerk then scratched his jaw—obviously it wasn't his week to have dibs on the town razor—and slowly related how the toxic waste dump had originally been used to dispose of amputated body parts and animal carcasses. At first nothing happened. Then came the rumors, and finally the sightings. Body parts, crawling, writhing, moving about, as though charged with some weird energy. The Power Company responded quickly, sending people to hunt down the roving remains, seal them up, and re-bury them. And over the site they planted a cornfield as camouflage. Yet rumor said not all the parts had been tracked down... that a certain Hand still haunted the streets, committing crimes and terrorizing the populace.
Gordon Paul was skeptical. "Hmmf!" he snorted. "I've heard of one-armed bandits but this is ridiculous. I'd suspect a hoax only Dallas isn't exactly a breeding ground for rocket scientists."
Raas however took it all in. "What sort of crimes?" he asked. "Did it leave any clues?"
The clerk shrugged. "Fingerprints mostly. One gentleman claimed it raided his haberdashery." 
"Are they sure it was the same hand?"
"Hard to say. It was wearing a glove at the time."
Gordon Paul expressed irritation at the man's laid-back manner. "For some reason you don't seem terribly concerned." 
"Oh, he can be a nuisance," the clerk conceded; "maybe untie your shoe laces or grab an ankle, but I don't think he's evil. Besides, even if I was to try and catch him, what would I use for bait?"
"Finger food?" Raas suggested.
Gordon gave him a dirty look. 
"Now, now," went the clerk, "you folks are getting all worked up over nothing. I say go back to your room, close the door, and things will be fine come morning."
Actually this made sense. 
"I guess you're right," Raas admitted. "After all, what can it really do? It can't crack its knuckles. Or roll its sleeve for that matter. And I'm sure it could never play jacks."
Gordon sighed and, taking Raas by the neck, dragged him up the stairs.
"Besides," Raas called down, "one should always look to the bright side; like the guy who got stabbed by a Chinese mugger. Sure, he lost all his money, but it cured his lumbago."

Later, back in their room:
"Gordon?"
"What?"
"I can't sleep. Want to thumb wrestle?"
"No. Now be quiet."
"Gordon?"
"Now what?"
"I'm scared. What if that thing's still in here? For all we know it could be hiding in the bed coils."
"And how would it get into the bed coils?"
"Hand springs?"
There was a long silence. Finally Gordon said, "I'd back away from the window if I were you. It's letting in stupidity rays." He rolled over, muttering something about wind blowing through empty spaces.
"You talking about Oklahoma?" asked Raas.
"I'm talking about your head! Now go to sleep!"
But try as he might Raas couldn't sleep. He dug into his bag, pulled out a Bible—the Revised Texas Version—and read:
The Lord spoke unto Adam: Behold, I will make for you a perfect companion, sweet and lovely, soft of voice and graceful of figure. She shall never complain nor will she desire more than what thou give her. 
And Adam replied: That's well 'n good, but whut's th' catch?
Then the Lord answered Adam: Verily, it shall cost thee an arm and a leg. 
So Adam pondered this and said: Uh, whut kin I git fer just a rib?
5. Watching and Waiting
Gordon snored mightily while Raas sulked in the corner. "Big jerk," he muttered into his pillow. "Treats me like I'm an idiot." After all, he'd been smart enough to leave Oklahoma. "Bet he'd think different if I managed to catch that thing." 
That's when an idea came to him. Fetching a bucket of water from downstairs, he balanced it atop the slightly open door of their room, figuring the Hand would creep in and push the door the rest of the way. The splash of water would startle it long enough for Raas to leap upon it and trap it.
All that was left was to remain alert and watchful, and wait.
And wait...
He was awakened by a KLONG! and a SPLOOSH! 
Or maybe the SPLOOSH! came first and then the KLONG! It was hard to tell. In any event, there was Gordon Paul standing in the doorway, making muffled noises as he attempted to pry a bucket from his head. 
"Oh no!" Raas exclaimed. "The Hand must've attacked Gordon with it!"
The bucket was quite secure on Gordon's head and Raas had to brace one foot against Gordon's stomach to wrench it free.
"What kind of idiotic—"
"Ssssh, Gordon. You'll wake the others."
"What the hell do I care if—"
He never finished his sentence as just then, the Hand dropped from the doorframe and clamped onto the man's throat. Gordon gasped and wheezed, attempting to dislodge it, while Raas beat at it with the bucket. Finally the felonious forearm freed its grip and fled for the foyer.
"Dammit Raas," Gordon jerked the pail from him. "Who were you trying to hit? Me or it?" 
"I was trying to help. The thing was going to kill you."
"Don't you think I've been a wrestler long enough to know how to get out of a choke hold? You pinch the area between the thumb and finger until it lets go!"
"Fine! Next time I'll sell tickets."
"My, my," Jenny, the servant girl, came into the hallway, "what's all the commotion?"
"Oh, uh..." Raas didn't want to alarm her. "Gordon was on his way to the restroom."
"Looks like he's a little late if you ask me."

Jenny entered the room. She was wearing a bathrobe. On the bathrobe was a familiar logo. 
"Hey!" Gordon pointed. "You're not from Dallas. You're with the Power Company."
The girl reached into a pocket of her robe. "My card."
Raas studied the card, puzzled by all the acronyms. "What's The LMA?" he asked. 
Gordon took it from him. "It says 'Thelma,' you idiot." 
Her secret out, Thelma Jenny admitted being an operative with the statewide utility concern, assigned to monitor the re-animated body parts. It was her sincere desire to render the Hand helpless, after which she could return to Houston.
"Gosh," said Raas, "have you tried communicating with it?"
She admitted she had. "But there's only so many gestures you can make with one hand. And they aren't exactly polite." She started to say more but broke off in mid-sentence, "Aaah! Something touched my—" and gave Raas a resounding smack.
"Ow!" Raas howled. "What was that for?"
"Of all the nerve! Taking advantage of a woman in a darkened room."
"It was the Hand!" Raas protested. "The Hand!"
Jenny replied, "Oh, it was a hand all right," and continued pummeling him while Gordon tried to pull her off. Finally she stopped long enough to observe, "Wait; if you're holding my arms..."
"Yes?"
"And Mr Raas is standing over there..."
"Yes? Yes?"
"Then who's fondling my knee?"
They all looked down at her knee. It was a very nice knee. The Hand must've thought so too as it was pawing it lustfully. Raas bent to knock it away but Jenny kicked out at him instead. The Hand lost its hold and scurried off, stopping long enough to communicate it's thoughts with a rude gesture. 
"You know," said Raas, "if I didn't know better, I'd say that thing was mocking us."
6. It's Up To You
"Dang," the desk clerk looked at Gordon's wet PJ's, "we ain't had rain in these parts for years."
"All right you hayseed," Gordon pounded the counter, "you've got to know more than you've been letting on. Now let's have it."
"Me?" The clerk went wide-eyed with insult. "Why, I'm nothing but a—"
"Excuse me," came a soft voice.
It was the kid from the highway.
"Courier," the scrawny presence thrust an envelope at the clerk. "Message fer ya." 
Gordon studied the kid, then turned to Jenny. "I thought y'all re-buried all the corpses."
As the clerk reached for the envelope, the courier took hold of the outstretched hand, pulling it free of its host body. Before anyone could react, the sinister sinews launched themselves at the kid's throat. The kid ducked as the deadly digits crashed into the wall. Gordon dove into the fray, rolling about the floor, while Raas wielded a wastebasket, attempting to mash the murderous metacarpals but mostly whacking Gordon with it. 
At which point the sheriff burst in. 
"All right," he yelled, "hands up!" He lowered his gun and blinked. "Okay, which one of you guys has three arms?"

"You have to understand," the clerk explained later. "I lost my forearm several years ago. It was devastating. Then came the toxic waste dump and somehow I felt it out there, moving. I called it, and it came." 
Gordon shook his head and the clerk spoke again. 
"Only it began going off on its own. Still it knew it was safe with me." He looked longingly at the Hand, now securely tied to the desk. 
Raas suggested he get a Wrist of Habeas Corpus. 
Gordon told Raas to shut up.
"But how," asked Jenny, "could you allow it to fondle women and all?" She was petting the hotel cat that'd somehow gotten back inside after the courier kid slipped out.
"Maybe it was just inn-quisitive," Raas suggested, and the Hand gave him a thumbs-up.
"Heh-heh," the clerk looked at Gordon. "That fat Okie sure cracks me up. Take the bath yourself."
Gordon reached for his truck keys, preferring darkness and potholes to any more of this, but Jenny stopped him. 
"So you're saying," she went on, "you can't control it?"
The clerk nodded, and Raas nodded with him. "A classic case," he said, "of not letting your left hand know what your right hand is doing." Meanwhile, the Hand intertwined its fingers with his and they began twiddling thumbs.
"Besides," the clerk continued, "I've grown fond of the critter."
Again Raas nodded. "I can see how you'd become attached."
7. Veteran Cosmic Rocker 
The question remained of what to do next.
"Yeah," said the clerk. "It's not like you can kill it, seeing as it ain't really alive in the first place." 
Ah, but Gordon Paul had a businessman's brain. "Then you exploit it. Turn it into a tourist attraction. Heaven knows Dallas could use one. Give tours of the toxic waste dump and sell ears of irradiated corn as souvenirs."
"Gosh," said the clerk, all excited, "we ain't had a tourist attraction since the rat at the zoo died."
"And not only that," exclaimed Jenny, "but with the Hand in check I can transfer back to Houston and get a life again." She shot Raas an inviting glance.
"Gee Gordon," said Raas, "it's just like the Biblical story of Joseph in Egypt. Everything that happened worked out for good."
And so it did. The Hand proved a popular tourist attraction and grew in fame as mystics flocked to the area, eager to hear the sound of one hand clapping. The desk clerk published his autobiography: I Never Metacarpal I Didn't Like, Thelma Jenny returned to Houston, Jon Raas found employment, and Gordon Paul continued to be one the greatest wrestling promoters of all time. 

The next morning before sunrise Jon Raas crawled into his car, ready to resume his journey into Houston. 
"Nice girl," the kid said, stepping out of the pre-dawn darkness. 
Raas nodded, happy now he'd chosen to come to Texas, a place where anything could happen.
"Well, see ya."
"Wait."
The kid turned around, the lines coming together in a curious M over his forehead.
"If you're ever in Houston, drop by. I'm sure Mr Paul could use someone to run errands."
The kid nodded thanks before fading into the dark. Seconds later a cat ran across the hotel porch, its eyes glowing eerily in the shadows. Sure is a scrawny thing, thought Raas; once I get to Houston I'll send it some cat food. The cat scratched an ear and uttered an appreciative meow. 
Then, with a final glance in the direction of the waste dump, Raas started the car and pulled onto the highway. 
"Good luck," a voice called after him. "And don't fergit th' cat food."

IDOLATRY
"I see men...walking, looking like trees."
Mark 8:24
Prologue: 
The stranger said, "I like wood."
1. Careful With That Axe, Eugene
It didn't take long, once the Houston Museum announced an outdoor exhibit of exotic trees from the South America rainforest, for the kooks and yo-yos to come crawling out of the woodwork. Environmentalists held a sit-in while spokespersons for the natives claimed exploitation and representatives for their neighbors cried discrimination. Of course feminists can always find something to gripe about, and God only knows what the Fundamentalists were doing there. None of which has anything to do with the story, except to explain how a crane operator, distracted by the confusion, accidentally hit a power line, causing it to fall on the trees. 
What it doesn't explain is how this fused the saplings into a humanoid figure which took to its feet and charged into the crowd.
The thing was nearly eight feet tall, dark and knotty, with a texture so dry as to appear petrified. Its thick limbs—make that its arms and legs—terminated in cartoon-like hands and feet. About it's trunk it wore a modest burlap sarong.
The protestors quickly dispersed, remembering prior commitments elsewhere, after which the thing quieted down. And it might have remained so had not a wandering dog come up, lift its leg, and do what dogs do. 
So maybe it was with a sense of avenging the family tree that the thing reared back and threw energy bolt, a kind of fireball that caused Rover to shrivel into something resembling a small woodcarving. After which it went berserk, finding dogs and zapping them. 
This of course brought complaints from the SPCA and the Humane Society.
2. Us and Them
"Now what do I do?" asked the curator, watching from a bench at the perimeter of the park. The thing seemed content to remain within the grove, perhaps drawn to the native soil brought over for the planting. And so far it had confined its attack to dogs. Sure wouldn't hurt to get rid of some of these stray cats, the curator told himself; there's certainly enough of them.
"Why not go to th' zoo 'n borrow a woodpecker?" came a soft voice.
"I would, but I've enough problems without the Audubon Society on my case. Wait; who said that?" He turned around, saw a small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes. Apparently he'd been sitting on the fence and the curator hadn't noticed.
"I guess th' same goes fer termites."
The curator sighed. "Doubtless some agronomist would complain."
"Rats! So, just outta curiosity, whut kinda tree is that?"
"Pau d'arco. The Incas worshipped them for their medicinal properties."
"Tree-mend-us?"
"Something like that." 
3. Fearless
The stranger hopped down from the fence, pacing to and fro before the curator's bench. "Ya might ask th' Woody Guthrie Foundation if they've any ideas."
The curator gave him a dirty look. "Laugh if you will," he chided, "but it shouldn't take a rocket scientist to see we have a problem."
"Would ya rather I leave?"
"Look at it," the curator pointed. "It's like some primitive idol. The museum's full of carvings just like it. Only nobody carved this one." He took a deep breath. "Maybe that's what idols really look like. If an idol is by definition a false god, then we're facing a force of evil which has lain dormant for centuries."
"Sorta lyin' idle?"
"False gods don't desire worship, they demand it. Once that thing comes to realize its nature it'll be an engine of destruction."
"So this ain't just an idle threat."
The curator buried his head in his hands. When he looked up the stranger had gone.
4. Run Like Hell
The idol-tree-thing, still trolling for dogs, paused beneath a tall oak. Someone bounced an acorn off its noggin. Idol glanced up. The stranger, perched on a branch, dropkicked it back of the head, knocking it into another tree. Catching it off-balance from behind, he hooked a leg and suplexed it onto the sidewalk. 
The stranger smiled, hardly expecting it to be so easy, and considered placing a foot on its chest and shouting "Timber." He signaled the curator instead. The curator waved frantically, knowing David's shouldn't celebrate until after Goliath's are eliminated.
The stranger felt Idol grab his ankle. He danced away, catching it with a kneelift. It was like slamming into a brick wall. When he bent to rub his leg, Idol grabbed a handful of shirt, lifting him off the ground. Its eyes were an ageless abyss of primordial ooze.
The scrawny stranger sought to free himself with kicks and punches. Idol grinned. In desperation he did a Three Stooges eye-poke. Idol howled in pain as the stranger hobbled down the walkway. Idol tossed a fireball, leaving a smoky depression. The stranger ducked and dodged as the engine of destruction hurled more bolts at him. He somersaulted a park bench, tipping a garbage can as an energy bolt reduced the bench to splinters. He frisbeed the garbage lid. Idol swatted it down, laughing a kind of dry barking laugh, then went into an exaggerated windup. As it threw the bolt, the stranger reached into the overturned garbage, found a soda can, and held it in front of him. The bolt struck the can, bounced back, and with a flash of dark smoke Idol shriveled to a twig. 
5. One of These Days
The stranger winced as he looked at the ground. All that remained was a smoky stick figure. He bent to pick it up but a dog snatched it from him. Some more dogs gave chase. Soon all were playing with it.
The curator came up. 
"Thanks stranger. I don't know who you are, but..."
"Courier." The stranger produced an envelope. "Message fer ya."
"Thanks." The curator stuffed it into his pocket. "Better see what I can do to smooth things out before some other special interest group gets mad at me." He paused a moment and sighed. "So much for the engine of destruction."
"Aw well," the stranger philosophized, "th' only good engin' is a dead engin'."
The next day brought complaints from anti-defamation groups and a couple of transmission repair shops. 

IF IT QUACKS LIKE A DOC
As he entered Jerusalem, the whole city was 
stirred to its depths, demanding, "Who is this?"
Matthew 21:10
1. Our Favorite Martian
The Great State of Texas is blessed in many ways: good people, great food, wonderful music, and fantastic weather. It is for the latter reason most Texans eschew air-conditioning, preferring instead the simple pleasure of an open window. And as temperatures creep into the hundreds, one can always turn on a fan. This open-window policy can, however, lend itself to unwanted intrusions, such as birds and squirrels, or in the case of the STW wrestling office, alley cats that liked to gather on the windowsill and observe the goings-on inside. Such a group perched there now, listening as Gordon Paul examined a parcel a courier had just dropped off.
"What the hell is this?" he demanded. "This isn't for me."
"That's been happening a lot lately," Jon Raas replied. "It's gotten to where I spell your name over the phone and they still deliver them wrong. I'm constantly sending things back."
Gordon studied his assistant carefully. Surely the man knew how to spell Paul correctly.
"Right," Raas answered, sensing Gordon's thought. "I tell them P as in pterodactyl, A as in artery, U as in umlaut, and L as in lamasery. I mean, what's so hard about that."
Gordon Paul again looked at the package. It was addressed to Mr Troll. 
"What?" asked Raas, as Gordon gave him a look that could have withered paint. "What did I do?"
Gordon turned toward his office. "P as in pterodactyl," he muttered, shaking his head and slamming the door. A cat from the alley, a small pointy-faced thing with blue eyes nestled in a mask of dark fur, listened from the open ledge as, a half-hour later, Gordon was still muttering. "I as in imbecile," he told the cat. "D as in dumb ass..."

Fortunately Gordon couldn't stay mad forever, as there was work to do. "Shoot The Works" was one of those old-style wrestling promotions broadcasting every Friday night on KBFD-TV. Running such an operation meant adhering to a strict budget and many tasks that might otherwise be delegated fell upon his shoulders. So it wasn't unusual to find him bent over a length of poster board with a pair of scissors. 
"Hey Gordon. Whut ya doin'?"
It was a small runty fellow, gaunt-faced and blue-eyed, with hair like George Harrison on the cover of Let It Be. There was something vaguely familiar about him but Gordon couldn't put his finger on it.
"Go away," he growled. "Shouldn't you be in school or something?"
"Courier." The intruder produced an envelope. "Message fer ya."
Gordon took the envelope. At least the name was correct.
The kid came closer, leaned forward. His bangs parted, revealing faint lines on his forehead coming together in a curious M shape. "Makin' banners fer th' show? Here, lemme help."
Gordon Paul did not appreciate strangers dropping in uninvited. "If I needed someone—" he began. But truth was he really could use help. "Oh, all right," he handed over the scissors; "but make sure to cut it straight."
"I will. Just hold it steady." Gordon held the posterboard chest high and the curious courier commenced cutting a long horizontal slit. Snip, snip, snip, sn-i-i-i-ip! "Ungh, that wuz a tough spot." Snip, snip. "Okay."
Gordon lowered the cloth, "Say, that's not bad. Maybe you can—" then stopped. "My tie!"
"Uh-oh."
"Of all the—"
"Now don't git upset." The kid snatched the lower half of Gordon's severed tie off the floor. "Maybe we kin staple it."
Gordon grabbed the fragment from the runt's hand, his face showing more shades of red than a Palo Duro sunset. "Out! Out! Out!" he yelled and the scrawny stranger exited.

Gordon stormed into the outer office. A clutter of cats crowded the window, listening as Raas spoke on the phone. "Yes, that's right. G as in Gnostic, O as in..." Spotting Gordon, he straightened in his chair, "Uh, I'll call you back," and hung up. "Gee, if I'd known this was a casual day, I wouldn't have worn my tie either."
"Shut up," yelled Gordon. "Who let that kid in my office?"
The roly-poly Okie shook his head. "What kid?" he asked. "I haven't seen anyone all morning." He glanced at the window. "By the way, did you hear there's been another armored car robbery?"
"Another one?" said Gordon. "That makes three in as many weeks."
They were referring to a string of mysterious armored car heists. In each case, the vehicle vanished without a trace, the guards found naked by the roadside suffering weight loss, lowered bloodcell counts, and no memory for details of the attack. This naturally led some to speculate the thieves were a band of evil, blood-sucking vampires; only cooler heads pointed out it was highly unlikely the bankers themselves would be involved, especially when it would be so much easier to embezzle things.
"Do the police have anything to go on?" asked Gordon, eager for info.
"I'm sure they have toilets down at the station."
"I mean clues, you idiot!"
"Oh, that. No, but if you ask me, whoever did it wasn't Jewish."
"What?" asked Gordon, puzzled. "Not Jewish?"
"Well," Raas explained, "you know: what would they want with canned ham?"
"Canned ham?" Gordon repeated. "Raas, we're talking about an armored car—full of money."
"Oooh," said Raas. "In that case, they could've been Jewish after all."
Gordon buried his face in his hands. It was his fault for trying to run a low budget outfit. "Just go back to what you were doing," he said quietly. "And close the window so those cats don't get in." 

That afternoon Gordon went to buy a new necktie. Upon his return, he found Raas sorting through a collection of lucha libre masks from the storeroom. Once again, several cats collected on the windowsill. "What do you think of this one?" he asked, holding it up for their approval. It was blue and silver, similar in style to the ones worn by Mexican legend Dr Wagner, only this had a small numeral "1" on the forehead. It was one of a series, there being six more, each a different color and numbered "2" through "7."
"What the hell are you doing?" asked Gordon.
"Trying to come up with a gimmick for the new kid," Raas responded. 
Gordon nodded, "Oh, okay," and went into his office. A minute later he was back out. "What new kid?" he asked, looking baffled.
"That messenger boy. You remember, from the terror-wrist incident in Dallas. He dropped by so I'm giving him a tryout."
Now Gordon knew who'd visited his office! It was only natural he hadn't recognized him. At that first encounter the kid had resembled a walking corpse. Apparently he'd gotten better since then. 
Still if Raas was going to put undersized runts on the card, then it would be he, Gordon, who'd need to cover his face, as he'd never be able to show it in public again. Unfortunately he promised Raas carte blanche in booking prelims, so...
"What's his name?" Gordon asked wearily.
"Beats me," the roly-poly Okie shrugged. "Wait, he scribbled something on my notepad." Raas stared down at the tiny squiggle. "Too bad I'm not a pharmacist. But then I don't know a thing about farming." 
"Raas," said Gordon, trying to keep his assistant on-track.
"Of course I know one farmer who taught his cows to do arithmetic."
"You're kidding," Gordon took the bait. "How can a cow do math?"
"With a cow-culator."
Gordon turned to the window and faced the cats. "Don't mind my assistant; he's an idiot."
Raas went back to studying the notepad. "It looks like a j. Although I wouldn't swear to it. Hmm, how about Jason? You know, like the Greek hero."
"As I recall, Jason fought skeletons. He wasn't one himself." Gordon fingered his new tie as an idea came to him. "Who's he going against?"
"Well," Raas began, "I—" but Gordon cut him off.
"How about Crusher?"
"The champ?" 
"Why not? A journeyman has to start somewhere."
Raas eyed his boss suspiciously. Something about the way he was rubbing his hands in gleeful anticipation.
"To tell the truth, I was hoping to let the kid survive his first time out." 
Crusher Genet was Gordon's pet project: a six-six, two hundred seventy-pound pile of raw muscle he'd been grooming for stardom, with bookings stretching over the next six months. 
"Besides, I thought you were resting him for his title defense next week."
Gordon shrugged, "He could use the workout," and headed back to his office. "Oh, and five bucks says he unmasks your 'J-man' in the first minute."
"Hmm," Raas turned back to the cats. "J-man. I like that."

That night, as Gordon predicted, Crusher Genet unmasked the newcomer. 
Unfortunately, it came thirty seconds after J-man scored the pin. 
Crusher had charged in attempting a clothesline, which the runt ducked, then delivered a poke to the eye followed by a running knee to the face. ("The old Mr Wrestling 2 million-dollar kneelift," as Raas called it.) All this as Gordon looked on in wide-eyed disbelief.
"Gee Gordon," said Raas from their ringside announcing table, "it's not everyday you see the champ get beat in just two moves."
"Oh hush up," said Gordon, his head buried in his hands. 
It was after getting pinned that Crusher bonked J-man on the head and ripped the Number 1 blue-and-silver mask to shreds before tossing it to the crowd. 
"A definite display of bad sportsmanship," Raas commented.
Gordon didn't say anything. Not on-mike, anyway. He simply pounded his head against the table, muttering, "Six months booking... shot to hell..." 
"You know," Raas bent to pick a fragment of material from the floor, "I've half a mind to deduct this from his paycheck." He paused. "Except the losers share in a prelim only comes to—"
"I said shut up!"
"Okay. Oh, by the way, here's your five bucks."

More matches followed. George Darkhorse faced the Great Macca; Missy Persons ("Boy, we haven't seen her for a while.") defeated Delta Badhand, the social misfit; and the Time Machine defended their tag team belts against Matt Fliehr and Rick Lunde. Raas called the action, peppering his commentary with bits of wrestling trivia ("Of course, as every school child knows, it was Demetri Jejucus, in the 1950's, who popularized the nip-up.") while Gordon spent the time sulking.
"Six months," he went on. "Six months; and some undersized up-start..." 
"Come on, Gordon; snap out of it. A negative attitude is the devil's victory, you know."
But the grizzled veteran was in no mood for cheering up. "Don't mess with me," he warned. "I once wrestled in MSG you know."
"Which makes you a seasoned pro."
"Madison Square Garden, you idiot. Now shut up and do your announcing."
"If I shut up, then how am I supposed to—"
"Just call the action, dammit!"
And so it went. Following the main event, an irate Crusher took to the ring, first accusing Gordon Paul of a double-cross...
"I don't care how many salad bars you've wrestled in..."
"It's MSG, dammit!"
...and then challenging J-man to face him again. 
"Think he'll do it?" asked Raas.
"Nobody could be that stupid," muttered Gordon.
Nor did anyone else expect him to show up. Until... 
"Ooh, look," a fan pointed up the entryway, "there's another one."
This one wore a black and silver mask with a "2" on the forehead.
"Must be a tag team," agreed another.
"What the hell's going on?" demanded Gordon, off-mike. "What's he doing in another mask?"
Raas too was perplexed. "It's my fault," he confessed. "I told him since he didn't have a license he needed to wear a hood. Only how he got his hands on a second mask..." 

Gordon would have made a point of the kid not having a permit to wrestle, only it was quickly rendered academic as Crusher blindsided the runt upon entering the ring. The champ threw him against the turnbuckle, pummeled him with palm strikes, and tore the second mask from his face.
"Hey!" cried an observant fan. "He looks just like the first guy."
"They're twins!" yelled another. 
"Of course they're twins," explained a third. "That's why they have numbers on their masks."
"Wow!" said a fourth. "You think there could be still more of them?"
That fourth person was Raas. Gordon stared angrily at him. "Now see what you started?"
Back in the ring, the runt caught Crusher from behind with a dropkick, knocking him into the referee, then laid him out with another kneelift.
"Dang," said Raas, as the runt vaulted the guardrail and disappeared into the crowd, "twice in one night," then proceeded with the sign-off. "Stay tuned for the KBFD midnight movie, The Melting Flesh, based on a story by William Shakespeare, starring Raymond Burr as the hamlet."
Gordon Paul, meanwhile, made plans for a trip to Galveston. At least, it sounded that way as he kept on mumbling something about "sun" and "beach." 
2. Another Sad and Lonely Night
The next few hours were fraught with activity. Reporters crowded backstage as the switchboard was inundated with calls—including one from the governor and a pirate station in Dallas. Gordon used his wrestlers to disperse the reporters, spoke briefly with the governor, and hung up on the guy from Dallas.
Back at the STW office, Raas handed Gordon an early edition of the Houston Critical. "Look," he pointed, "Robbers dismantled an ATM drive-through. Took it clean off the wall, leaving nothing but a big hole."
"Anything on the matches?"
"GAUNT-FACED GRAPPLER GIVES GENET GRIEF."
"This is your fault Raas."
"TINY TEXAN TOPPLES TITAN. I don't know why you're worried. Why, when I started here I thought exhibition sports involved men in raincoats. I can remember when I didn't have a pot to pee in. Of course now that I have a pot, it's still a disgusting habit."
"Is there a point to this?"
"Remember our first show? I had such butterflies in my stomach. Not that I was nervous; it's just my Jenny likes to try out weird recipes. Heck, we had guests for dinner the other night and they're still there."
"Raas!"
"All I'm saying is we survived then and we'll survive this. Oh, here's one: RUNTY RUDO RAGES RING WAR."
"Who comes up with these press releases anyway?"
"Beats me," Raas looked away innocently. 
Gordon eyed his assistant with cold suspicion. It'd been many years since the streets of Houston were lined with horse poop, yet he couldn't help but feel he'd been handed a shovelful. Only rather than get angry he merely shook his head. "You sure he's not a relative of yours?"
"Gee Gordon, I'd like to think I'd know my own kinfolk."
"You never can tell. I mean you are from Oklahoma."

The office clock ticked with maddening precision, which was odd considering it was digital. A cat jumped to the windowsill, listening as Raas hummed along to a Bobby Fuller cassette in the tape player. Gaunt-faced grappler, he repeated to himself. I like that. He wasn't sure about runty rudo however.
"Whut's a rudo?" asked a soft voice.
"It's the lucha libre term for a bad guy," Raas explained. "Over here we say heel." Raas stopped, looked at the window. The gaunt-faced grappler was leaning in. "How'd you get there?" he gasped.
The runty rudo didn't answer. "I don't think Gordon likes me."
"It might help if you didn't do that."
Gordon came out of his office. "Who are you talking to?"
The kid was gone. Raas stuck his head out the window. The eyes of several dozen cats flickered back at him. He turned to Gordon. "Do you believe in strange encounters?"
"No." Gordon looked him in the eye. "On the other hand, I've never met any of your family."
"I mean like fate. Or chance."
"The only time I tempted fate was when I took a chance and hired you. That was after the organ grinder died."
"I take it you're still upset about the kid beating Crusher?"
"Oh, I wouldn't worry. I put word out Crusher suffered an injury before the match and is vacating the title."
Raas nodded. It sounded good anyway. "I guess the time comes when you have to sever old ties and..." Gordon gave him an evil stare. "Sorry. Bad choice of words."
Gordon sighed. "You know Raas, you're the type of guy who'd go to Rome and ask the Pope about his wife and kids."
"Oh, come on Gordon; even I know you'd have to go to Vatican City."

All the while Gordon talked, a sinister figure lurked in the shadows outside the STW office.
"Shure an' I'm telling ya, Doc, there be a sinister figure a-lurkin' there in th' shadow."
"Oh hush. He means us."
The speaker was Alistair Quack, BA, MA, PhD, AMA. Three things could be said about him: one, he was an albino dwarf; two, he was an evil genius; and three, he had a funny way of spelling "Quack." His companions were known as the Amazing Five, the most amazing thing being there were only three of them: Offal, a ghoulish fellow said to be Doc's cane-carrying lawyer; Pilgrim, a large blank-faced fellow notable for his big hands and lack of personality; and Hébert, a round, hulking character in a bear costume. It was Hébert who had spoken first. Now he spoke again.
"Ah t'will nae matter now that ye has tha bugs worked outtah year machine."
Doc Quack nodded, gladly accepting accolades for his insight. The other two remained silent, wondering why someone with a French name spoke with an Irish brogue. 
Suddenly, as if from nowhere, came an odd trilling sound, strangely musical, yet with a note of urgency. They froze in their tracks as the sound reached its pitch, then faded. Doc turned to Hébert. "Will you turn that damn pager off? How do you expect me to sneak up on anyone with you making noise all the time?"
Gordon Paul stuck his head out the door. "Who's out there?" he called, stepping into the parking lot. Raas followed. Night shadows slithered like serpentine pools of blackness through the graveled recesses of the ebon alleyway.
"Did what?" asked Gordon. "What did he say?"
"He said: 'Night shadows slithered like serpentine pools of—'"
"Couldn't he just say it was dark?"
"Well, you know how first time writers are."
"Go home Raas." 

Gordon entered the alley, flashlight in hand, feet crunching on gravel. There was nothing there but him and the alley cats. With a wave of his arm he shooed them away.
"Ya don't like cats, do ya?" came a soft drawling voice.
"I can't stand the things," Gordon began; "they're horrid creatures: suspicious, calculating, insincere, thieving, and spiteful." 
"Aw, I dunno," said the voice. "I wouldn't call 'em insincere."
Gordon swung his flashlight. Two eyes shone red in the dark. "Oh, it's you again." He waited a moment for his heart stop racing. "How'd you get here so quiet?"
"Sorry," the gaunt-faced grappler apologized. "Didn't mean to startle ya." He glanced at his tennies, his forehead wrinkling into an odd M pattern. "Guess that's why they call 'em sneakers."
Gordon Paul threw his hands in the air, turned and headed for his pickup. He'd had enough for one night. 
Because of the earlier activity around the office, Gordon had parked across the street beside a self-service cash dispenser. He was but a couple of feet from his truck when came a blinding flash and—Zzzzzt—it was gone.
For a moment he stood there, staring at an empty space where truck and ATM had been. It's not every day your truck disappears before your eyes. Not that way anyhow. Auto thefts are rare in Texas, seeing as most people drive pickups, and this didn't strike Gordon as being that. 
The STW promoter wasn't given much time to ponder things though. There was a cry of "Get him, boys!" and Doc Quack's gang descended on him. He struggled in Hébert's grasp as Pilgrim drew back a jug-sized fist, ready to bash him. 
"Okay, Gordon Paul," said Quack, using the professional wrestling tradition of addressing a person by their full name, "where is it?"
"Where's what?"
Doc's assistants looked one to another. 
"Shure an' begorrah!" said Hébert.
"Sacred bull!" said Pilgrim.
Offal tapped his stick impatiently.
Doc addressed him again. "Don't play games with me, Gordon Paul. You know what I'm talking about. The money from the ATM."
"Hell, I don't know. Maybe the runt took it. Look in the alley."
Doc's men charged for the alley. Doc whistled them back, reminding them someone had to stay with Gordon. They picked Pilgrim.
"Auspicious Angus!" said Pilgrim.
Doc rolled his eyes. "See what I have to work with?" He led the others toward the alley. "Stand back, boys. I'll smoke him out with one of my gas pellets." These were little marble-sized glass capsules which, when broken, mixed with the air to produce thick acrid smoke or else a quick-acting anesthetic gas. 
Doc tossed the pellet and waited.
Nothing happened. No smoke, no noise, nothing.
"Maybe he's onto us," said Quack. "I'll try another."
He threw a second brightly colored pellet. Again nothing happened.
"Oops," said Quack, "my mistake; that was a gumball," and addressing the guy in the bear suit, told Hébert to flush him out. 
Hébert crept into the alley. Doc and Offal waited in silence. Then came sounds of trashcans rattling and cats meowing. Finally Hébert came back out.
"Shure an' tis nothin' 'ere but we an' tha alley cats."
Suddenly Offal tapped his cane on the ground, grabbed Doc by the shoulder, and started to speak. Doc cut him off. 
"Yes, yes, what is it?" 
The creepy one, growling in frustration, pointed to a small gaunt-faced fellow standing at the end of the block. 
"There's one!" yelled Quack. "Spread out and get him!" 
Offal went after J-man, swinging his cane like a club. The gaunt-faced grappler took off in the direction of Renwick Towers. A slim, dapper man was outside, tying his shoelace. The kid leapfrogged the man and went on. Offal, unable to stop, brought his cane down across the man's back. The well-dressed man took the cane away from Offal and broke it over his head, then retrieved his own walking stick from the ground and continued jauntily on his way.
The gaunt-faced grappler side-hopped along the sidewalk observing what happened, then took off. Pilgrim rounded the corner, still holding onto Gordon. Pilgrim aimed a kick. The kid caught the foot and twisted it, causing Pilgrim and Gordon to flip over. Quack came up behind. The kid smacked him with a backhand. Smiling with victory, the kid dashed around the corner of the building—straight into the outstretched fist of the guy in the bear suit. 
3. Shakedown
He came to on a couch in the front hall of an old house, the guy in the bear suit slapping him awake. Instinctively, he arched in the corner and lashed out with one hand. The bear laughed and slapped him harder. "Haw! Zee leetle rahnt steel has some fight een heem, eh?" 
J-man opened his eyes and tried sitting up. "I thought ya wuz s'posed to be Irish." His vision was blurry from the loss of a contact. Despite this, things began falling into place. Among these was the realization that the flabby-fitting bear suit wasn't a costume after all. 
Hébert jerked him by the collar and shoved him forward. "What say ye we go to tha other room?" J stumbled, caught his balance. The bear shoved him again. They went from room to room, the bear speaking as if giving a tour. "Shure an' tha Doc be quite a Renaissance man, 'e is. That be one-a 'is paintin's over there."
The gaunt-faced grappler kept close to the wall for support. "Looks sorta blank to me."
Hébert shrugged, "Tis not 'is fault if 'e canna reach tha easel;" then pointed to the stairs. "Up there be Doc's laboratory."
"He some kinda scientist?"
"Science be hardly tha word for it," Hébert beamed proudly. "Why, when it comes to wireless, 'e be there with Tesla. When it come to electricity, 'e's there with Edison. If it be radiation, 'e be there with tha Curies. An' when it comes to theory, 'e be with Einstein 'imself."
"Hmm," the scrawny stranger squinted at the ceiling. "Must git awful crowded up there after awhile."
They came to a large dining room. Hébert pushed him toward the table, motioning him to sit. Pilgrim was at one end, constructing a house of cards. J-man bumped the table and Pilgrim's cards collapsed. "Sainted Santa Gertrudas!" His face was a blank, the eyes, nose, and mouth so generic and void of expression to appear like nothing was there. 
"Sorry," said the runt.
Pilgrim shook his head. "Glorified Guernsey!" he muttered.
"Why don't you just say 'Holy Cow' and get it over with!" Doc Quack entered from the kitchen, the creepy Offal at his heels. He drew a seat opposite J-man. Despite his size, the Dwarf of White was an imposing presence. 
"Welcome to my Cottage of Quietude." 
Just then the phone rang. 
"Hello?" Doc answered. "Who? Clark Savage Jr? Never heard of him." 
The albino dwarf hung up. 
"Now," he said, regaining his composure, "allow me to introduce myself. My name is Alistair Quack, BA, MA, PhD, AMA." He paused as if acknowledging silent applause. "This is my handyman, Pilgrim, and Offal, my lawyer."
"An' I be Hébert," said the bear.
"Yeah, I kin see that."
Doc shook his head. "No-no-no; not 'a bear'. Hébert."
"Oh," J nodded. "Right." 
Doc rubbed his temples. "So, Hébert, have you determined if he's One or Two?"
Hébert cupped the kid's face, moved it side to side. "Aye, but ee look maybe seventeen to me."
"I mean is he the first guy in the ring or the second?"
"Whut second guy?" asked J.
"Your brother. The one in the other mask."
"Brother?" Puzzlement and annoyance tinged J's voice. "Look Doc, whut's goin' on?"
Doc must have found this funny as a smile crossed his lips. "What would you say if I told you you're a homunculus?"
"I'd say them's fightin' words where I come from."
Hébert pushed him back down, pressed a hand on the runt's shoulder, and waived the other in J's face. A vicious set of razor-sharp claws protruded from the tips of his fingers. "So?" 
The claws appeared to be laced with some kind of metal. 
J swallowed hard, glanced briefly at his own nails. "So, uh... it's a good thin' we're not where I come from." 
"Now," said Quack, adopting the calm-yet-borderline-maniacal manner mad scientists use when revealing plot points, "allow me to explain."
J-man listened with rapt attention; Hébert continuously rapping him upside the head to make sure.
"A homunculus," said Doc, "is an artificially created embryo; it's a lab-born being, a—"
"A man-made self?" 
Hébert slapped J on the back, knocking him to the floor. "Shure an' that's a good one, eh Doc?"
"Shut up, Hébert," said Quack.
"Yes sir," Hébert hauled the runt back into his chair.
Quite simply, Quack had constructed his cohorts from cell cultures cultivated in his laboratory. 
"I see," the gaunt-faced grappler nodded. 
They'd been developed in stages, each building on knowledge gained from the one before it: Offal from dead cells, Hébert from animal cells, and Pilgrim from generic human cells. Pilgrim was to have been Doc's crowning triumph; unfortunately, he had no personality. It was a bitter pill.
"Pill grim," said Offal, speaking for the first time.
"Blessed Brahma!" exclaimed Pilgrim.
J looked over his shoulder at Hébert. "He must spend consider-a-bull time thinkin' them things up." Hébert slapped him and Doc went on.
Experimentation continued, undeterred. Then came the accident, his specimens escaping in the fire. "And then I was watching TV and what do I see but two of my creatures there in the ring."
"I see," J nodded, his innate Texas bravado starting to weaken. "Where'd ya say this wuz?" 
"Back in Jersey."
"Jersey?"
"Jersey Village," the albino dwarf added hastily. "I meant Jersey Village. I am a Texan, you know."
"I see." J rubbed his head and frowned. "Ever been to Dallas?"
"Dallas, Texas? No. Anyway..."
Having devoted the greater part of his life to the science of creation, Doc came to one inescapable conclusion: mainly that he was flat broke. 
"An' that's when ya started robbin' armored cars?"
"It takes a lot of money to maintain this set-up," Doc confessed.
J was tempted to say, I didn't think dwarves had much overhead, but a quick slap from Hébert's paw made him think better of it. Instead he did the old joke about having only two bucks mad money—and being mad because it was all the money he had. Hébert slapped him anyway.
"But soon I will have money beyond my wildest dreams. All those rich snobs who refused me research grants; my so-called colleagues who laughed at me back in my days as a nuclear physicist. Well, they're not laughing now!"
Hébert leaned over and whispered, "Course that be mainly cos no one survived tha meltdown."
A change came over Doc, eyelids narrowing as he spoke. "I have created an ionizing device," he took a salt shaker from the table, "whose beam can rupture the covalent bonds between atoms," poured some into his hand, "stripping away the electrical fields," and blew it into the air, "thus forcing repulsion between like charges." 
He looked out across a sea of blank faces. 
"It's a disintegrator beam that scatters atoms Far And Yon." You could hear the capital letters as he pronounced it. "In fact, I like to call it—"
"The FAY Ray!" said Hébert proudly.
"Darnmit, Hébert!" Doc sulked. "I wanted to say that!" 
"Ya want me to slap him?" asked J.
SLAP! went Hébert on J's head.
Unfortunately, the ray disintegrated not only the armored cars and ATMs but the money inside as well. Despite the crime spree they weren't a penny richer. 
"In any event I'm giving up robbery and switching to blackmail. Later tonight, I'm going to conduct a demonstration for the folks in River Oaks, after which I'm sure they'll be willing to pay rather than have their mansions destroyed." 
Doc looked at J, nodding cynically as if to gauge his reaction. Offal and Pilgrim exchanged glances of ironical silence while Hébert continued to stand behind the chair eagerly awaiting the opportunity to deliver another slap. J, in the meantime, was trying to figure out how it was possible for a person to nod cynically.
Sensing it safe to respond, the gaunt-faced grappler nodded. "I see."
A note of irritation crept into Doc's voice. "Is that all you can say? 'I see.' What's with that?"
"Sorry," J shrugged. "It's just th' nuns at th' orphanage wouldn't let us say b—"
SLAP!
"Ow! I wuz gonna say 'baloney'!"
SLAP!
SLAP!
SLAP!
There was a long silence. Pilgrim started to say "Mendicant Minotaur," but the sight of an albino Doc turning colors made him keep silent. J-man covered his head as best he could, awaiting the worst. 
"Would you like me to kill him now, boss?" asked Hébert.
"No, Hébert," Quack quietly considered the skinny specimen, "it's not his fault. Obviously he hasn't been getting enough roughage in his diet." Then he pushed his chair from the table, leaving the others to beat the crap out of J.
4. I Fought the Law 
The beating completed, they trussed him up and tossed him down the basement. Basements aren't common in Texas but Quack's place had one. J-man rolled over, his head hurting something terrible. He stayed on his knees a few moments, then forced himself to a sitting position.
Gordon Paul watched from the opposite corner. "Miss a step?"
The runt didn't answer. He could just make out Gordon across the room. He too was bound hand and foot. The gaunt-faced grappler curled into a ball, slipped his wrists under his legs, bringing them to the front. Gordon tried doing the same but was unable to clear the expanse. What had once been a broad mind and narrow waist had switched places. He watched the runt gnaw the ropes, freeing himself. 
"Need help?" J asked.
"No thanks." Gordon didn't need anyone chewing at his backside. Anyway, he'd just about worked the pocketknife out of his trousers.
"Lemme git it," J offered.
"No, really; it's okay," Gordon entreated, recalling the incident with his necktie.
"Aw, don't be silly." J inserted his arm elbow-length into Gordon's pocket, finally coming up with the elusive instrument. "Yeah; an' I managed to git th' knife too."
"Just shut up and cut," Gordon groaned miserably. If nothing else, he was developing a new appreciation for his assistant, Raas.
"Okay, turn round..." Cut, cut. "Man, these are th' thickest ropes I ever..." Cut, cut, cu-u-u-u-ut! "That or... Uh-oh."
"What do you mean, uh-oh?"
"Oh, nuthin'. Only, well, yer belt sorta got in th' way an'..."
"What!" Gordon split the severed strands of rope; "My belt!" in time to grab his trousers as they fell to his knees. After which he went back to his corner to sulk. Eventually he asked: "So what's going on?"
"Ya'd never guess."
"I know. That's why I asked."
The breviloquent bantam battler filled him in.
"Breviloquent?"
"Means 'terse'."
"Oh. Why duzn't he just say—"
Gordon sighed. "You sure you're not one of Quack's lab projects?"
J shrugged, "I remember an orphanage," then went and removed his other contact lens. His head still hurt so maybe this would help.
Gordon watched. "Astigmatic?"
"No, Catholic."
Gordon suppressed a groan and tried again.
"Where'd you learn to wrestle?"
"Famous Wrestlers Correspondence School. I'm up to Lesson Three."
Gordon was appalled. "You're learning wrestling by mail order?"
"Next week's lesson is th' Superfly Splash." 
Gordon nodded, "I see," and gave up. The word he was thinking was not baloney.

Outside Quack's Cottage of Quietude, a cloister of katydids chanting vespers marked the passing midnight. Down in the cellar, a small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes stood tip-toe beneath a ground-level window the size of a foundation vent. 
"Forget it, runt," Gordon grunted. "You'd never squeeze through."
J retired to a corner, sat knees to chin, hand against mouth as though licking it. "We're on the southwest, near 90-A."
Gordon didn't bother asking how he knew that. "Look runt, are we just going to sit here gathering moss? I say we tackle them. I'll handle the creep if you take care of Pilgrim. That'll leave both of us for the bear."
"His name's A-bear," J corrected, and told him about the claws.
Gordon nodded. "Must take a metallic armature to support his bulk."
"Yer prob'ly right," J agreed. "A normal arm-a-chair wouldn't hold up."
"Just shut up and come on." Gordon started forward, and tripped as his beltless trousers fell to his ankles. He sighed, having half a mind to leave them behind. "Only I'd feel ridiculous going round in my boxers."
"Well," the gaunt-faced grappler reminded him, "they say BVD is th' soul of wit."
Gordon looked upward. "Why me?" he implored. "What did I do?"

Trousers clutched tightly in one hand, Gordon tip-toed to the top of the cellar steps and found the door neither locked nor latched. "Ssssh," he whispered, preparing to turn the knob, when, without warning, it opened from the other side and he went sprawling to the floor. "What the—"
The gaunt-faced grappler stood in the entry. "Ssssh," he echoed, helping Gordon to his feet.
Gordon swatted him away.
"How did you...?"
"Window," the runt replied. "Guess I wuz small enough after all."
Gordon said nothing. He just stood there like he was posing for the final panel of a Don Martin cartoon. Somehow the kid had crawled through a space the size of a foundation vent; and, once out, gotten back in undetected. It reminded Gordon of those pesky alley cats and how they'd slip into his office unnoticed. 
But this was a human being. 
At least, he thought it was. 
At the moment he wasn't so sure. 
"C'mon," J slipped into the kitchen, "watch so it duzn't slam," and let go the door. It swung back, banging Gordon on the head.
"Owww!"
"Ssssh, Gordon; they'll hear ya."

Tip-toeing to the second floor, they halted before Quack's laboratory. J held up a hand, brushed back his hair. His ears twitched slightly, listening carefully. Gordon wondered how he did that. They opened the door slightly. Doc's men were readying the FAY Ray.
"Ats-ray!"
"Shut up."
It was a slim cylindrical device mounted on a tripod. Quack stood nearby, calculating trajectories on a slide rule. 
J padded silently forward. 
Gordon stepped on a board. 
It creaked. 
Quack swung the ray in their direction. "Stop!" he warned. "One more step and I'll fire." He motioned them in and they entered, keeping close to the wall. 
"So you decided to join us after all," said Quack. "I'm glad. With my atomic displacement beam I'll blackmail all the rich snobs out there, and you Gordon Paul, with my artificial animations as wrestlers will see crowds like you never imagined."
"I don't think so," said Gordon. "I draw fans. I don't coerce them."
"Come now, Gordon Paul, I know we may not see eye to eye—"
J interrupted: "Maybe if ya stood on a chair..."
"Shut up, runt," said Quack.
"Don't tell my wrestler to shut up," said Gordon.
"Thanks Gordon," said J.
"Shut up, runt," said Gordon.
"Yes sir," said J.
"Don't pretend you haven't been a victim of their snobbery," Quack continued. "Do they attend your matches or watch your TV show? I appeal to you, Gordon Paul, as one Texan to another—"
"Don't listen to him, Gordon," J broke in. "He ain't no Texan. He's from New Jersey."
"No-no," Quack protested.
"Yes ya are. When I asked ya bout Dallas, ya said 'Dallas, Texas'."
"Why you lousy..." Gordon sputtered angrily. "Any school child knows there ain't no such place!"1
"Not only that," J continued, "but just now ya said 'You decided to join us.' Any real Texan knows th' plural form is 'y'all'."
That clinched it for Gordon. 
"All right, you rotten Yankee, the jig's up." 

Again Doc pointed the FAY Ray at them. "Stay back, or so help me, I'll..."
Gordon stepped forward and Quack fired.
Nothing happened.
"That's odd," said Quack, puzzled. "It worked earlier on your truck."
Pilgrim scratched his head. "Transcendental Taurus!"
The vertically challenged villain slapped his forehead. "Don't I have enough problems without your venerable vernacular?" 
"Dinna ye check tha photon projector?" asked A-bear.
"Yes. It's loaded."
"How about tha ionic inversion intervals?" 
"They're set." 
"Maybe it's th' dilithium crystals," J suggested.
"No."
"Oh, there's yer problem," J pointed. "It's not plugged in." He looked at Gordon. "Ya musta caught yer foot on th' cord when we walked past." Gordon let out a long breath and rolled his eyes heavenward. "Unless... Oh, now I git it. Sorry, Gordon."
The STW promoter was all for killing him at that point. 
"Of all the stupid—"
"Well, I'm still new to this."
Quack plugged the machine back in. "You always were a slippery one, Gordon Paul," he said admiringly.
"He did rassle in olive oil, ya know."
"It's MSG, dammit!" Gordon yelled; "Mono-sodium... I mean, Madison Square... Oh, screw it!" And heedless of the recividious ray, he charged forward. 

Offal and Pilgrim met their attack. A-bear hung back, protecting Doc as he continued adjusting the FAY Ray for firing. Atmospheric conditions played a major part in its functioning correctly so they needed to get the shot off as quickly as possible.
"Shure an' why dinna ye use one-a your gas pellets?"
"Because, you fur-brained idiot, it'd knock us out too."
Pilgrim came at J with a chair. J rolled out of the way, nipped to his feet and dropkicked the chair into Pilgrim's face. 
"Valhallic Vealers!" the vacuous-visaged vandal vituperated. 
J went for another kick. Pilgrim trapped his foot and hoisted him to his shoulders, preparing to slam him. J latched onto the overhead light fixture. The section of ceiling gave way, it, along with J-man, crashing down on top of Pilgrim. 
"Benevolent Bovine," the blank-faced baddie benedicted before going bye-bye.
"Felicitous Felines," the wiry runt whispered.
Gordon Paul, meanwhile, had Offal in a sleeper hold. The verminous vassal weakened but wouldn't go out, the thickness of Gordon's coat sleeve preventing him from pressuring the carotid artery properly. Or it may have been that Gordon still had to hold his trousers with one hand, rendering the one-armed choke ineffective. Finally he took Offal by the hair and banged his head against the doorframe. After which A-bear shot in, laying both men out with a spearing tackle. 
The bear, breathing like a machine, unsheathed his metallic claws and slashed J's left arm, opening a gash from elbow to wrist. 
"Shure an' a fur-brained idiot I may be, but I still be tha baddest a-tha bunch."
The blow left J's arm a bloody mess, and he had to clutch it with his right hand to keep it together. A-bear took a second swipe. J dodged to one side, causing A-bear to stumble. Before the bear regained his balance, J poked him in the eye. A-bear howled and swung wildly. J moved toward the doorway and stood with his back to the light switch. A-bear charged, J ducked, and A-bear rammed his fist through the wall, his metal-laced claws slicing the electrical wires inside. There was a sick sizzling sound along with a smell of singed fur as A-bear slumped to the floor. 

Doc Quack laughed: the typical mad-scientist-over-the-deep-end nyah-ha-ha laugh you'd have expected by this point. He was beside the FAY Ray, hand on the switch, ready to fire out the window. 
There was no way to stop him; his men were down, but Gordon was out and J was injured and bleeding. 
The gaunt-faced grappler steadied himself against what remained of the wall. Holding his bloody arm to his side, he made a clumsy leap at the white dwarf. He was woozy from loss of blood and only succeeded in smashing Quack's coat against the machine. There was an abrupt sound of breaking glass, and immense swirls of colored smoke billowed from Quack's pocket. 
"You clumsy fool!" yelled Quack, "you shattered all my capsules!" as J succumbed to the anesthetic gas.
Blinded by smoke, Quack bumped into the FAY Ray on its tripod, setting it off while at the same time tilting it downward. There was a ragged Zzzzzt sound as the floor under Quack's feet disappeared and he fell through. The machine continued to pivot on its tripod, describing a tight circle and eating away the boards beneath it until it too fell to the lower floor, where the impact caused the disintegrating beam to point upward. In no time, the entire upper level came crashing down on top of it.
5. Never To Be Forgotten
J came to on the grass outside Quack's house. A pretty girl with jet-black hair was performing field surgery on his arm. While painful, it was nicer than seeing a bear. 
"This'll do for now," she said, "but it's going to leave a scar."
"Just so it heals in time fer th' Terry Taylor flyin' forearm," he winced. 
She shook her head. 
"He must've been a fearsome competitor."
"He wuz bear-ly human."
Again she gave him a quizzical look. 
"Anyway, they're still digging him out from all that lumber."
"Guess ya could say he wuz a bear-in' th' woods?"
A concerned frown darkened her face as she felt his head for lumps.
"From what Mr Paul tells me, y'all were instrumental in stopping him; so I guess we owe you our thanks." She finished stitching and began bandaging.
"Who're ya?"
"Oh," she extended her hand, "my name's H Ellen Pea. I'm with the Power Company." 
Something clicked. 
"Yer th' sinister figure lurkin' in th' alley."
She favored him with an indulgent smile, "It was such a brief mention I'm surprised anyone remembered," and gave his head an almost-affectionate rub. He responded by drawing closer. "We've been observing Quack for some time. We long suspected he was tapping lines and stealing power for his experiments. That'll earn him some time."
"He also pulled them armor car rob'ries."
"Really?" she pouted. "I only wish we had something serious enough to put him away for good."
J thought it over. "Actually there is one thin'..."

Dawn broke the eastern sky. The Power Company dispatched a team to fix it.
Meanwhile, back at Doc's cottage, workers sorted through the wreckage, eventually locating a white splotch beneath the debris. By law, Doc Quack, aka Alistair Bamaph-Dama, got the mandatory sentence of thirty years hard labor —"A-breakin' rocks in th' hot sun"—for impersonating a Texan; a light sentence concidering there had been a statewide referendum demanding reinstatement of the death penalty. He went on to gain notoriety for his numerous escape attempts, the most famous being the time he tunneled from his cell into the municipal swimming pool. Reform groups said he'd done more to clean up the prison system than anyone before him. Offal and A-bear were assigned community service, seeing as they'd acted under Quack's influence; the only stipulation being A-bear be de-clawed. 
Gordon Paul survived without a scratch, having landed atop A-bear when the house collapsed. He staunchly maintained his role in bringing about Doc's demise despite claims of others that the runty rudo had acted single-handed.
Jon Raas applied his vast knowledge of wrestling insights to begin work on a definitive twelve-volume history of professional wrestling. Otherwise how were people to know that Jerry Markus, in 1936, created the hold now known as the Fujiwara Armbar?
H Ellen Pea returned from checking the progress of the rescue effort to find the gaunt-faced grappler gone, vanished like the early morning mist. No one there but her and the alley cats. The following week, a small fellow sporting a green and silver mask with a "3" on the forehead showed up at the Dory Pavilion in Amarillo. Despite a heavily taped left arm, he managed to score a quick victory; after which he was unceremoniously unmasked. Wrestling fans everywhere cried, "Triplets!" 
6. A New Shade of Blue
"Six down, one to go," said Gordon one week later, following the gaunt-faced grappler's latest unmasking at the Akbar Arena in Vernon. He breathed a sigh of relief knowing the runty rudo would soon run out of masks and that would be the end of it.
"Gosh," Raas counted on his fingers, "Quack sure did clone a bunch of those guys, didn't he?"
Gordon Paul rolled his eyes heavenward. "Just turn on the television," he told his assistant. "It's time for the news."
Raas did as he was told, pulling a chair alongside Gordon's desk. "One thing puzzles me."
"What's that?"
"What ever happened to Pilgrim?"
It was a good question. The blank-faced henchman had disappeared following the destruction of Quack's cottage. 
"Beats me," Gordon admitted. "You have to wonder where an absolute non-entity totally lacking in personality could disappear to."
"This is Myles Blandish with the Six O'clock News."
"I like this new guy," said Gordon. "He gives you the facts without all the bells and whistles."
"In our top story tonight, H Ellen Pea of the Power Company has interceded with the Bishop of Austin to grant a special dispensation allowing the gaunt-faced grappler to become a Licensed State Wrestler before completing his Famous Wrestlers correspondence course."
"What?" Gordon's face fell in disbelief.
"Gee, Gordon," Raas glanced at the cat in the windowsill, "looks like you're going to be stuck with him after all."
To which both Gordon Paul and Myles Blandish responded: "Papal bull!" 
___________________
1 As explained in "Dark Encounter," the City of Dallas, while situated inside the Great State of Texas, is not a part of it. (Think Washington, DC, only less criminal.) Dallas has no oil, no cattle, and no business. The people all have scratchy beards and crooked teeth, and the men don't look good either.

SERIOUS MATTERS
"By their fruits you will know them."
Matthew 7:16
1. Jack the Ripper
"Hello," said the stranger, settling into the chair. "Yer'a Giuseppe?"
"No," the man answered, "I'm-a Protestant."
"I meant are ya th' guy whut cut my hair last time?"
The barber took a few exploratory pokes with his comb. "I doan think-a so," he replied heavily, "I only been here one-a year." And as the stranger rose to get out of the chair, he stopped him, saying, "Aw, I just-a joking. You sit-a down an' I give-a you real nice-a haircut."
Now that he was no longer competing under a mask, thanks to a special dispensation from the Bishop of Austin, the guant-faced grappler wanted to swap his "just like George Harrison on the cover of Let It Be" hairdo for something more wrestler-friendly. 
Something like the one worn by Armand Assante in Animal Behavior. KBFD-TV had shown the movie earlier that week.
"At's-a no problem. I see same-a picture on da telly."
"Uh, one more thing."
"What's-a dat?"
"Kin ya drop th' phony accent?"
Look who's talking, thought the barber, but he went about his business and was soon back to chatting up a storm. "You know, I almost got kicked out of Barber College for cutting classes. That's where I met my wife. She was one of the shear leaders. We had a football team but they always got penalized for clipping. You want a shave too?"
"No thanks. Do barbers shave themselves all th' time?"
"We stop for lunch now and then. Now sit still if you want me to do a good job."
"Back at th' orphanage they'd bribe us with candy."
"I had a customer like that once; always had to give her chocolate chip cookies. One day I said to her, 'One of these days you're going to get hair on your cookie,' and she said, 'And I'll have big boobs too'."
This was mercifully cut short when the phone rang. "Allo? Yes. Small gaunt-a-face fellah wid-a dark hair an' blue eye? Here; it's-a for you."
2. Rendezvous
A golf ball dropped from the sky, landing before the bunker of a par 5 dogleg. Simultaneously a second object appeared. Where this second object came from was difficult to say. To the approaching golfer and his caddy, it was but a glint of reflected sunlight. In any event, the cat was long gone by the time they got there. 
The golfer wasn't interested in cats. Eyes on the green, he waited for the caddy to hand him a club. When the caddy didn't, the golfer turned to see what the delay was.
Instead of a club, the caddy held a small camera. The camera's bright flash was followed by a crinkly sound. After this, the caddy stooped to retrieve something from the ground, then cut across the field to the clubhouse.
3. The Black Widow
J found H Ellen Pea in the clubhouse. She was dressed in a tight black outfit. On her sleeve was the Power Company logo: a clenched fist squeezing a turnip and little drops of blood coming out of it. She had jet-black hair and a black heart to match. 
"What's up?" she asked, seeing his new haircut. "You join the army?"
"How'd ya know where I wuz?"
"We have our ways."
"Ya shoulda seen me yesterday at th' zoo. They gotta new camel exhibit."
"Dromedary or Bactrian?"
"Neither. These didn't have humps."
"Really? What do you call a camel without humps?"
"Humphrey."
It was her fault for asking. She pointed to his arm and he held it out to her. A jagged scar ran from elbow to wrist, a souvenir of their first adventure. "Thanks fer gittin' me my rasslin' license," he added. "I wuz runnin' outta masks."
H Ellen waived it aside. "How people can think there's more than one of you..." then stopped and stared at his leg, his cut-off jeans exposing a heavily wrapped right knee. "Now what?" she wondered.
"Hurt m'self doin' an atomic drop." He showed her his copy of that week's Famous Wrestlers correspondence course. "Next week's th' Tarzan Tyler loaded boot trick."
"And you get graded for this stuff?" 
"I gotta shot at graduatin' sumo cum laude. Could even be a Rhodes scholar."
"Fine. Now, if you're done—"
"Course, my dream is to come up with m'own maneuver someday."
"I'm sure you will. Anyway, what's going on—"
"I'll call it th' J-hold, of course."
She grabbed his arm and squeezed down on the scar.
"Ouch!"
"Now will you hush up and listen?" He nodded and she let go. "Okay. We're at the annual celebrity golf tournament sponsored by the Asian-American High Society Organization."
"AAH-SO," said J, holding his arm close in case she went for it again.
"In the last several days the celebrity golfers have all disappeared, apparently kidnapped."
"Aw well; it's not like yer talkin' a real sport here."
"True, but as every school child knows, AAH-SO relies heavily on the proceeds from this tournament so a cancellation would be devastating. The head of the committee, Miss Tsing, is counting on us to locate the golfers."
J was confused. "Wait a minute." His brow furrowed, small wrinkles over his nose forming a vague M shape. It was a slight thing, and hardly noticeable unless one was looking closely. "Ya say th' head of th' committee's missin'?"
"That's right. The head of the committee is Miss Tsing."
"Then shouldn't we be lookin' fer her too?"
"Why?"
"Cos ya just said she's missin'."
"No, I said the golfers are missing."
"Th' head of th' committee is a golfer?"
"The head of the committee is Miss Tsing! She's here! The golfers are missing! They're not here!"
"But they're all AAH-SO's, right?"
"No. I'm told some of them are quite decent people."
4. The Swag
H Ellen explained how, earlier that day, the celebrity golfers had gone out to shoot practice rounds and one by one disappeared, leaving their equipment behind. Foul play was suspected when her investigation revealed they all had the same caddie: a little unpleasant fellow who didn't speak much. Her suspicions were confirmed on receipt of ransom demands from someone calling himself Sirius B.
"It was here in the banquet room," she showed him. "The voice came from a tiny microphone planted in this bowl of noodles."
"Mama Mia!" J dagoed. "A voice from-a da pasta!"
"Keep it up," she warned, "and you'll be wearing them." 
She meant it too. After all she was four inches taller than him.
"Sorry," he apologized, "it's contagious," then scratched his head. "Ya say th' caddie wuz a lil' guy? Think it could be Doc Quack?"
H Ellen Pea nodded. She'd been thinking along the same lines, which was why she called him. Quack was supposed to be serving a thirty-year sentence for impersonating a Texan—along with a few lesser crimes like robbery, extortion, and attempted murder—but you couldn't be certain. 
A man of his abilities could easily escape and come back under a new persona. He'd earlier demonstrated an insider's knowledge of pro wrestling, and it was one of the time-honored traditions of the business to come back under a hood after being forced to leave a territory. The best thing to do would be call the Jailbird Hotline and find out. In the meantime J would have a look around.
"Remember," she told him, "these people do a lot of charitable work in the community. If they have to pay off a huge ransom they won't have a cent to carry on. They'll be without a dime, bupkis. Without scratch, penniless."
"And worse yet," said J, "without jack, nickel-less."
5. Steel Trap
H Ellen spent a long time contemplating the bowl of noodles. Finally she just shook her head and walked off. 
J went to find the groundskeeper. The fellow didn't notice him at first so J had to cough to get his attention. 
J asked if he'd seen anything suspicious. 
The man thought a moment. 
"Now that you mention it, there were two guys going around carrying shovels. One would dig a hole and the other would fill it back in."
"Ya ask 'em why?"
"They said they were normally a three man crew but the guy who plants the trees didn't show up."
J considered it. "Sounds kinda shady to me." 
Next he went to the caddy shack. Sniffing around the garbage, he uncovered an empty bottle of Dewar's White Bleach. Someone entered. He didn't catch the face as the newcomer immediately turned and ran. J wouldn't have been able to make out much anyway as he hadn't replaced his contacts yet. All he glimpsed were tufts of white hair sticking out the back of a soft cap. 
J took off after him. 
The guy didn't run very fast, it was more of a hobbling gait, and under normal circumstances the gaunt-faced grappler would've caught him, only he couldn't run well either due to the elastic wrapping on his knee. 
J rounded the corner and something whacked him on his bad leg. He went down hard, clutching his knee and skidding on the gravel pathway. He tried getting up but then his head exploded in a shower of stars, popping and fizzling like March 2nd fireworks going off. For a few moments there it was pretty spectacular, but after awhile it all went black.
6. I'm Branded
Once again he woke up to find a girl with jet-black hair cradling his head and rubbing his forehead. A guy could get to like this. 
"Are you okay?" she asked, and for a moment there actually sounded sort of tender.
"I make a nice livin'," he replied dazedly.
She pushed him away. "You and your innate Texas hard-headedness."
"I think it's startin' to bruise." 
There was a nine iron lying on the ground beside him. It was bent. Lucky I'm notta ice skater. He dragged himself over to a wall and rested against it, wishing he had four hands so he could rub both his head and his knee at the same time. He gazed at H Ellen admiringly. She looks nice, he thought, all three of her. One thing was certain: he wouldn't be leaning next week's loaded boot trick anytime soon.
"I've got some bad news," said H Ellen.
"He wuz a Canadian, ya know."
She looked at him strangely. "Who was?"
"Tarzan Tyler."
"Oh," she shook her head sadly, "right," and checked his head again for bumps. Then she told him of the albino dwarf's latest attempt to escape prison using a cleverly designed catapult. "Would've made it too had he been just a few feet taller." Instead they had to peel him off the side of the wall with a spatula.
"Rats." J sat quiet a few moments gathering his thoughts. The nine iron had scattered them Far and Yon, some all the way to Brownsville. Eventually he rounded up enough of them to say, "In that case..." 
7. Big City After Dark
There's a section of Highway 90-A going toward Sugar Land where the road is lined with railroad tracks on one side, ditches and beer joints on the other. The ditches are full of standing water. So are the beer joints. Beyond the tracks are pastureland and gravel pits, and further still, past some trees and brush, is an old house fallen to ruin. It once looked like the sort of place a mad scientist might go for. Now it was just a pile of rubble. 
It was early evening as a cat crawled out of the brush. It crept to the edge of the splintered porch and squinted down into the wreckage. Then, with a satisfied purr, it turned and disappeared, returning to the darkness from whence it came.
8. Rumble 
A-bear and Offal were all that remained of Doc Quack's gang. One was tall and hairy, the other short and creepy. They were milling about the basement when came a knock at the door. As A-bear undid the latch a shadowy figure extended a hand. 
"Courier," it said. "Message fer ya." 
A-bear tore the envelope and read: "Hey, dummy. Turn around." The big hairy creature turned and looked at the small gaunt-faced fellow standing behind him. J hopped atop a crate and delivered a solid sock to the jaw. 
A-bear just stood there, unfazed, watching as J shook his fist in pain.
"Shure an' if it isn't our little friend come back to play."
J continued rubbing his knuckles. "Uh, I hope I wuzn't outta line with that dummy remark," he said sheepishly.
Offal came up. "Be quiet," he hissed. "May be more." His Creepiness didn't speak much. When he did it was in a wheezing Peter Lorre voice; only with his sallow skin, bad teeth, and stringy hair colored white, he was definitely no Mr Cairo.
A-bear laughed. "Shure an' even if there be six of him..." He turned to the gaunt-faced grappler, his red eyes a-twinkle. "But we know better, don't we?"
On second thought maybe it was kind of stupid coming here alone. Truth was J hadn't counted on A-bear being there; he'd pictured Offal acting alone, maybe with the help of some flunky. But then, on third thought, who else would hang around with him? Now he'd have to think on his feet, and unfortunately his knee was still hurting. 
"Yer kinda tall fer a dwarf," he said to Offal.
Quack's creepy creation shook his head vehemently. "Doc is dwarf; we only serve." It was the longest sentence he'd spoken in years.
"Well," J goaded, "if ya wanna serve Doc it'll hafta be soup through a straw. I hear his last escape sorta fell flat."
It worked. Offal rushed him. J easily sidestepped and tripped him, only to get caught in a monstrous bear hug. "Shure 'tis like 'istory repeatin' itself," A-bear clamped down. "I only wish I still 'ad me claws."
Luckily A-bear's probation called for the removal of his razor-sharp talons so in that sense there was no claws for alarm. Not that J would've said that. It was hard to say anything with his ribs being crushed. 
He wiggled an arm free and poked A-bear in the eye, then followed it with a kick to the cojones. As the bear doubled over, J took a brick from the rubble and brought it down across his noggin. The brick exploded in a pulverizing cloud of pink powder and A-bear sank to the floor in a dusty finish.
Wheezing a rib-hurting sigh of relief, J saw Offal regain his feet and point something resembling a camera at him. "Now see how big you are." 
J dove to one side as the bricks before which he'd been kneeling shrank to a fraction of their former size. 
Offal came closer, backing J to the wall. 
In desperation, the gaunt-faced grappler grabbed a handful of pebble-sized bricks and tossed them in Offal's path, causing him to stumble. The device popped out of Offal's hand, spun about, and came down with the lens pointing at him. The creepy one caught it just as it went off, silently shriveling into a small round ball of nothingness.
9. Rawhide
"How'd you get out here anyway?" H Ellen Pea asked, after the authorities showed up.
J looked up and shrugged. "I got m' ways."
She shook her head and smiled. Maybe she didn't have such a black heart after all. Probably just a dark shade of brown. "Ride back with us," she said. "I don't want you disappearing again."
"Okay," he shifted uneasily, "but only if I kin sit by th' window."
She responded with a gentle shove. "You can even rest your head on my lap if you'd like." It was an offer he couldn't refuse.
"Gee," he said after a while, "I almost got killed twice t'day."
"Once would've been enough. So, let me get this straight. Offal and A-bear were using some leftover device Doc dreamed up, similar to the FAY Ray he used earlier—"
"I'd call it a LINK Ray," said J.
She grimaced. "Then Offal, posing as a caddy, would ask to take the golfer's photograph and shrink them to the size of a golf ball, which he'd pocket and walk away. Seeing as we recovered both the ray and the balls, our scientists should figure a way to reverse the process."
"I feel sorry fer Offal. He wuz a lost soul with Quack gone."
"How'd you guess it was him?"
"Th' guy hadda terrible case of hero worship; th' whole Sirius B thing. It's a dwarf star, ya know."
"Any school child knows that."
"An' then I found th' empty Dewar's bottle he used to bleach his hair like Quack's."
"I don't get it," she said.
"Well," J explained, "obviously it wuz a case of Dewar dye."
He smiled. H Ellen Pea smiled back. Then she grabbed him by the arm.
"Ye-ouch!"
10. Week End
That evening the members of AAH-SO threw a party to celebrate things. J enjoyed himself in spite of his aches and pains. He liked Asians. As a kid he'd been smitten with Yuriko Hoshi in Godzilla vs Mothra. 
"It's really amazin'," he told H Ellen. "Over fifty billion Chinamen in th' world, yet not one of them is named Bubba."
H Ellen Pea sighed. "Let's be thankful there's only one of you." 
She was looking for the noodles when an attractive middle-aged woman with nice shoes walked up. H Ellen introduced her as the head of the committee.
"Oh," said J, "thank God yer not missin' anymore."
She bowed politely and thanked him. "So nice you be happy for me. You right, me not Miss Tsing anymore. I get married today and this new husband." She turned to the gentleman at her side. "Husband, this honorable J-man."
The elderly man extended his hand. "Sam Ting," he smiled.
"Whut?" cried J in amazement. "Ya mean there really are two of us?" 

WHO RAZED YOU?
"Judah is a lion's whelp... Who shall rouse him?"
Genesis 49:9
1. Long Live Rock
Backstage was chaos at the Coliseum. Gordon Paul was not pleased. "Who's idea was it to let that circus bring their stuff in a day early?" he raged above the din. "How're my wrestlers supposed to get to the ring with lion cages blocking the entry?" He inched past the cages and into the locker room where the fighters were getting ready.
A muddle of music met his ears, everything from Ernest Tubb to Buddy Holly. There was Doug Sahm, Bobby Fuller, Thirteenth Floor Elevators, Fever Tree, Freddy Fender, Gary Nunn, and more. Texans like anything as long as it's rock'n'roll or country.
Gordon however wasn't interested in music. "Where's Raas?" he demanded. 
They all shook their heads.
Great, thought Gordon. I leave that idiot in charge for a couple of weeks and—Wait a minute. Who's that runt with the crew cut?
He elbowed his way to the back, ready to throw the unauthorized intruder out on his ear, when he recognized the small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes quietly reading a magazine.
"Hey, Gordon," J-man greeted without looking up.
"Oh, it's you. What's with the Lunch With Soupy Sales hairdo?" The fleeting vision of the runty rudo conversing with a barking hand puppet caused him a momentary shudder.
"It's Armand Assante in Animal Behavior," J corrected, eyes still glued to the page. He had yet to replace his contacts and was squinting hard at the fine print.
"I don't suppose you'd know where Raas is?"
The bantam bookworm answered, "I saw him go outside, t'ward th' left," again without looking up. Gordon stomped out through the curtains. Immediately there came a cacophony of roars and screams until a white-faced Gordon Paul reappeared, his clothing shredded, breathing hard, clutching his chest. "Of course," the placid peruser noted, "that'd be yer right."

A short time later the locker room emptied, the wrestlers preferring to take their chances with the circus animals.
"Let go of me Raas; I swear, I'm going to kill him!"
"You can't do that Gordon."
"Aw come on," he pleaded, "just this one time."
"I'm sure he didn't mean to direct you toward the lion cage." Raas led him to a bench. "Besides, there are laws against it."
"There isn't a jury in the world that'd convict me."
"You know what your problem is? You're too uptight. You need a hobby, something to take your mind off things. Like me. I'm working on a twelve-volume history of wrestling."
"Yeah, yeah. What was he reading anyway?"
"I don't know. Let's see."
There were all kinds of magazines lying about the locker room. Some of them even had articles. Raas picked one at random: 
"Oh sweetheart," she moaned in the darkness of their bridal chamber, "I can't believe it—it 's so big and hard," while from the other side of the room her husband said, "Uh, dear, I'm over here; that's the bedpost." 
Raas stuffed it in his coat so he could finish it later, then fished around some more and came up with a dog-eared Scientific Texan featuring an article about weather patterns: 
"...this phenomenon is caused by the presence of two air masses. One is a hot, dry air mass known to scientists as 'the hot, dry air mass,' and the other is a much cooler polar current which we call 'Bernie'."
"Why would he read junk like that?" Gordon asked.
"Probably boning up for tomorrow. The Power Company is giving him a tour as a favor for helping them out."
Gordon Paul shook his head. "I hope they're well-insured."
2. The Amazing Journey
Big Texas power conglomerates are no different from those anywhere else. They consist of enormously tall buildings spread over vast acres of land, surrounded by miles and miles of electrical fence patrolled by vicious, near-rabid guard dogs. And that's just the entrance gate. Luckily for J-man they were expecting him, although he still had to jump up and down and wave his hands several minutes before anyone noticed him. The dogs, meanwhile, barked up a storm, but as the man who admitted him explained, that was the bark they used whenever cats strayed by the compound and not the one they employed for intruders. Once inside, J met H Ellen Pea, the girl with jet-black hair and a black heart to match, who gave him a tour of the facility.
Naturally most of the stuff was classified so he saw only the basic things you'd get on any other visit. For example, they passed a big room full of books she said was their research library, but he wasn't allowed to see what any of them were. It could've been the collected works of Lester Dent and he wouldn't have known the difference.
Still the tour proved informative. He learned the logo on H Ellen's uniform—a clenched fist squeezing a turnip with little drops of blood coming out of it—signified her role as trouble-shooter for the auditing department:
"Ms Pea, were having some trouble with the new guy in bookkeeping."
"So shoot him."
"Yes ma'am."
BANG!
Each department had an identifying logo. Operation's was a silhouette of a foot with a large bullet hole passing through it, the Client Service logo was a big steaming cup of coffee—the area being quite deserted when they passed through it—while a pair of folded hands with the thumbs circling each other was the logical representation for Upper Management. 
Some areas tried being highbrow by adding Latin slogans to their logos, like procol harum, vincibus eruptum, and e pluribus funk. The Systems Analysis department featured a clock with one hand and the motto tu tantum arbitror hic operis, which, loosely translated, meant: "If it ain't broke, just give me time."
One intriguing stop was Research and Development, depicted by a single screw loosely fastened to a sagging hinge. Located directly opposite the Communications department2, it was in R&D that the most brilliant minds labored on sundry sensitive and classified projects. They were mainly a lot of frizzy-haired Garfunkel types with thick glasses and clipboards—the kind who build interrociters for science fair in high school—although there was one weirdo doing sonic decibel testing. He had thick masses of golden shoulder-length curls, tight jeans, and boyish smile. But for the most part they looked like normal everyday brilliant scientists, poking around, squinting, and saying things like "Umm," and "Ah hah." Each lab was guarded by a trained sentry wearing an armored Power Suit, while the ultra-secret areas were protected by highly advanced eight-foot-tall robots, none of which you'd ever want to mess with.
When it was over J thanked Ellen and she asked how he was doing:
"How's your head now?"
"It's better. Still see spots now 'n then."
"Ever see a doctor?"
"No, just spots."
3. Pinball Wizard
The circus came and went. The next Friday, as J-man headed to the ring for his match with BT Spider, he stopped by the announce table. 
"Hey Raas. Didn't see ya in church last Sunday."
"What'd the priest talk about?"
"Sin."
"What'd he say?"
"He's against it."
Gordon Paul glared at his roly-poly assistant. "I don't recall booking any vaudeville acts."
"Oh lighten up. Stuff like that used to crack them up in Oklahoma."
"Then why don't you go back there?"
"Are you kidding? I went to Dallas to forget Oklahoma. Then I had to come here to forget Dallas. Still it all worked out so I guess you could say I'm an Okie-Dokie."
"You're a dopey Okie if you ask me."
"By the way," Raas continued, "be sure to catch my article, 'A Brief History of Wrestling,' in this Sunday's paper. It's a look at the evolution of ring attire over the years; everything from trunks to tights to singlets."
"You researched an article about underwear?"
"I've always been an athletic supporter. Uh, what are you doing with your cell phone?"
"I'm calling the police to report an I-D-ten-T in progress."
"Oh?" Raas wrote it out on his notepad. "I...D...10...T... Hey, that's not nice." He hated it when Gordon topped him.
"Just call the match, okay?"
Raas crossed his arms and sulked. "Just for that I won't tell you about my Chinese voice coach."
Gordon wouldn't bite.
"His name's Dip Thong."
"Raas!"

It was a swift opener. BT Spider, one of the smaller wrestlers in the STW stable, displayed a deceptively vicious, pounding style; the still-smaller J-man having to rely on speed and quickness for his offense.
"The kid looks slow tonight, Gordon. He has one knee taped and from the look of his singlet I'd say his ribs are bandaged also. There's a collar and elbow tie-up and J-man takes Spider into a side headlock, and—ooh!—there's an elbow to the ribs by Spider.
"Yeah, I'd say his ribs are hurting...now."
"Spider arm whips J-man into the corner, follows him with a clothes-line, and smashes his face into the turnbuckle. J-man needs to shake it off if he's going to get back into this match. Spider sets up and—oh my—there's a bulldog. He really planted his face into the canvas. There's a cover: one, two, and J-man slides out. Have you ever noticed how no one does the Oklahoma side-roll anymore?"
"I thought you said you forgot Oklahoma."
"I remember the day I left."
"Look Raas, just try and stay focused on the match."
"Okay, tell you later. Spider throws J-man through the ropes, follows him outside the ring and—oh!—sends him crashing into the ring steps."
"Go BT!"
"There was a big dust storm that day and all the traffic was tied up."
"What was?"
"Oklahoma. Both pickups were stalled."
"Oh?"
"And then the goat got out."
"Raas!"
"Oh, right. Spider tosses J-man back in for the cover: one, two, and he kicks out again. Wow, Gordon, how do you think he does it?"
"I don't know."
"What makes him so good?"
"Oh, knock it off. I thought for sure BT had him that time."
"Spider must've thought so too; he looks frustrated. He pulls J-man up, has him in position for a vertical suplex, and—no—J blocks the move, grapevines the leg, and—wow!—catches an inside cradle. Spider barely escapes the three-count. That'll have him seeing pictures of Lilly."
"Oh please."
"There goes J-man. He's backing into the corner, waiting for Spider to get into position so he can hit the running kneelift... and Spider rolls out of the ring."
"Smart move on BT's part."
"I don't know, Gordon; I think you're biased. Uh-oh, a fan just handed Spider a chair. He comes back into the ring—Oh!—J-man kicks the chair into Spider's face! Amazing vertical leaping ability by the kid; great height on those dropkicks."
"Now who's biased?"
"Hmmf! J-man nips up to his feet; Spider gets him in a straight-arm choke, and—what a move!—J-man catches Spider with an arm scissor takedown. They're in the ropes and the ref makes them break... Okay, now what? Spider's going to the top rope..."
"He's going for the old Ray Steven's Bombs Away."
"...and J-man moves out of the way and Spider's knee rams the mat."
"Dammit!"
"Gordon, please! We're on the air. The crowd's yelling for both fighters now. J-man pulls himself up by the ropes, and—oh!—catches Spider in the whiskers with a standing side-kick and..."

A thunderous wave of solid sound struck the gaunt-faced grappler senseless as a newcomer in a fringed vest hit the ring. The blurry-eyed battler recognized him as the long-haired research scientist from the Power Company lab. He held a V-shaped guitar and did jumping splits as he played.
The screaming feedback was high pitched and painful. BT Spider covered his ears and joined the crowd fleeing for the exits. Gordon and Raas, pinned beneath the announce table, saw J felled by a second sonic slapdown. Then the musical marauder turned his attention to the crowd. The Coliseum shook from the reverberating echo rocking its confines. Concession stands were clobbered, bleachers were broken, and folding chairs were flattened.
The runty rudo struggled to his feet, pressing his arms against his ears and shielding his face from the flying glass of overhead lights breaking. The basic bandito adjusted his ax and hit a power chord which sent the helpless half-pint flying from the ring, burying him under a section of shattered seats. 
Searingly ecstatic, the V-slinging vandal sneered at Gordon Paul. "I know: who are you? Dreadfully sorry. It's 5:15." He then relieved himself on the ring post, and with a parting, 'Who's next?" left the way he came.
4. See Me, Feel Me...
As Gordon assessed the damage, Raas made his way to a pile of chairs, dug J-man out from beneath them and pulled him to a sitting position. "Talk about bringing down the house." It took a moment for J to recognize him.
"Yeah, an' just as my knee wuz startin' to heal."
"You never can tell. I knew a guy whose fortune cookie said 'Soon you'll be sitting on top of the world,' and the next day his plane crashed on a mountain." He helped J to his feet. "Omigod, your ear's bleeding!"
"I'm okay," J said vaguely.
"You are not. You need a doctor."
"It's okay," J pushed him away.
"Stop trying to be a martyr. You're skinned up and covered with glass."
J shrugged painfully, "We glory in tribulations..." and sank back down.
"True," said Raas, "but even the Apostle Paul traveled with a doctor."
Further discussion of the Sumo Theologica was interrupted by H Ellen Pea's arrival.
"I didn't know ya wuz a rasslin' fan," said J.
"I'm not," she told him. "I just came to warn you."
Raas indicated the carnage, "Yeah, well you're a little late," then turned on J. "Look, do what you want. I've more to worry about some stubborn, weak-eyed, attention deficit runt with a Tennessee Tuxedo complex."
J watched him go. "I ain't that stubborn," he said defensively.
H Ellen Pea shook her head. "He left out grammatically challenged, xenophobic, and delusional."
"I wuz also abandoned at birth 'n left in a dumpster—not that I'm complainin'."
H Ellen looked down at the floor. "Sorry. I just—"
"D'ya ever look overhead to try 'n see where th' strings are?"
"What?"
"Nevermind. Who wuz that psycho?"
"His name's Johnny Angel."
J was tempted to ask, "D'ya love him?" but decided against it. He tried to get up, slipped and fell. "Ow!" 
H Ellen knelt beside him. "He's a disgruntled researcher is all. He was assigned a project involving high frequency sound waves and instead came up with a musical instrument—a self-contained low register guitar and amp unit he calls the Independent Power Bass—and he's upset because we canned him."
"Why 5:15?"
"Who knows?" she shrugged, "maybe it's the real him;" then told J to stay put, fearing inner ear damage to his equilibrium. J put his hand between his legs and grimaced in pain. "Oh my goodness," she exclaimed, "you poor thing. I didn't realize..."
"No, don't! Uh, I mean—"
"Don't be embarrassed. I've had nurse training. Now move your hand."
"Uh..."
"See, I'm only rubbing it."
"Oh God."
"There," she spoke soothingly, "doesn't that feel better?"
"Uh, yeah; that feels great. But my thumb still hurts like heck!"
"What! Oh you... Just stay there while I fetch a doctor."
Naturally, when she got back he was gone.
Jon Raas came alongside her. "Sorry about earlier," he said awkwardly. 
"It's okay. We're both worried about him." She started to cross her arms, looked at her hand, then dropped it to her side. "You're right about his being stubborn."
Raas agreed. "Kid won't take no for an answer, but he does it so politely. Has no business wrestling though."
H Ellen nodded. "But he's the diehard kind."
"No," said Raas, "I'd say he's more the Gibson type."
"Mel?" asked Helen.
"Hoot," replied Raas.
She threw her hands in the air and walked off.
"And if I know him," Raas went on, "he won't get fooled again."
5. I'm a Sensation
Damage to the Coliseum was considerable, requiring massive repairs. Yet with next week's event already booked, and nothing else available on short notice, Gordon got the go-ahead to do his TV broadcast using a small production crew, after which he'd take to the road until repairs could be affected. The next Friday arrived soon enough and with it a live audience of zero. 
Zero people, that is. There was a cat slouching in a dark corner, but no one paid any attention to it.
Gordon, addressing the camera, opened with a brief apology, saying the next card would be at the Farhat Middle School Gym, home of the Fiery Sheiks.
"And now folks, it's on with the action. We've got the wicked team of Ernie and Kevin going for the tag titles plus the debut of a new star from the Orient, Soon Bi-hoam who'll be facing Ivor 'the Engine' Driver. And we'll also see Tommy Walker in a handicap match."
"Because no matter how bad things get, at least we're not in Oklahoma."
"Please don't start on that again, Raas."
"I'm just saying how this is much more exciting. Back there, all I could've done was be a crop duster; and, hey, you should've seen the size of those feathers."
"That does it! Next week I'm hiring someone else to sit with you."

It was the top of the second hour when J-man appeared out of nowhere, crawled into the ring and, pacing back and forth, gestured for Raas to come in with him. "Hmm," Raas grabbed a mike, "looks like an impromptu interview." The gaunt-faced grappler was dressed in cut-offs and a t-shirt, and clearly in no condition to wrestle. "Now look here, J, you're not scheduled tonight, but if you'd like to say a few words to let the fans know you're okay—"
"Huh?" He was still looking pretty dazed.
Raas spoke louder. "I said I know for a fact you're seriously banged up. And while, regrettably, some people regard what we do as a form of show business—"
"I hadda uncle in show biz; he wuz a flamingo dancer."
"You mean flamenco, don't you?" Raas corrected.
J scratched his head. "Gee, I'm not sure," he said quietly. "I remember he wore a pink suit with a beak."
Gordon sighed, wondering whom he could get to come in cheap.
J went on: "Look, uh, I'm not tryin' to cause a big sensation. Or be completely unreceptive. Cos how I feel inside, can't explain. Yer part is to be whut ya'll be." 
Raas caught Gordon's eye—and shrugged helplessly. 
"But why should I care? 5:15, I know ya deceived me; took advantage of my trust. Well that's as may be. But I'm a' gonna raise a fuss 'n I'm a' gonna raise a holler. Cos we're not gonna take it."
There seemed to be a message in there somewhere.
"So..." Raas prompted, "you're challenging 5:15 to come out here?"
The gaunt-faced—not to mention disoriented and hearing impaired—grappler took out an amateur wrestler headgear and strapped it on. "Yeah," he nodded, and resumed pacing. 
A confused Jon Raas returned to the announce table. "That was interesting."
"If you ask me," said Gordon, "the kid needs analysis." 
"Say," Raas brightened, "as long as we've a break in the action, is it okay if I read the poem I wrote for my wife Jenny to mark our one-year anniversary?"
"Why not?" Gordon threw his hands in the air. "It's not like we'll be wrestling anytime soon."
Raas pulled a photo from his wallet, held it to the camera, cleared his throat and read:
We wrestled in the ring of life
let's get down, you said
you caught me with a piledriver
and dropped me on my head
Your suplex left me in the air
your dropkick brought me down
I submitted to your figure-four
you won the title crown
Twelve months on you're still the champ
your belt no more at stake
I'm caught in your iron claw of love
a hold I'll never break.

"I call it Iron Claw Mama." Raas paused to wipe a tear from his eye. "What'd you think?"
Gordon shook his head. "I would've used a better rhyme scheme, A-B-A-B or something."
"You'd have rhymed it with a Swedish pop group?"
"That's ABBA, you idiot."
"Well, ABBA rhyme is better than none."
"Oh this is stupid!" Gordon pounded the table. "If that scrawny runt thinks I'm going to wait all night for some flaky four-stringed fringe freak to show up—"
"Hey, that's not bad," said Raas, impressed. "Now say: Earlybird Ernest Evans, enrolled in elementary economics at Eton, expressed extreme elation in easily extracting eleven enormous ear-wigs from elderly Aunt Ethyl's endangered elephant Elouise?"
Gordon felt like crawling under the table. He buried his head in his hands and moaned, "Eventually earning entertaining endorsements everywhere."
"See?" said Raas. "You said that with ease."
"Oh shut up."
6. Substitute 
A disconcerting quiet settled on the production crew as they waited, the air thick with anticipation. They didn't have to wait long. As J-man's legendary uncle would attest, one of the keys to show biz is making a good entrance, and Johnny Angel, aka 5:15, did just that, playing his Independent Power Bass while floating on a crest of self-generated sound waves. 
J glanced up from his pacing. "Behold," he mumbled, "he cometh with clouds."
"Well," 5:15 replied, "I had a week to practice."
He took one look at J-man's headgear and picked it off with a twelfth fret harmonic before blasting him out of the ring. Once again the crew cleared out, scrambling to escape the painful high-pitched squeals. 5:15 had the stage to himself, nothing remaining save one stationary camera pointed at the ring. The one-man band played on, waves of sound rising and falling like a visible haze in the dim and dusty lights of the Coliseum. He was caught up in the moment of creating music and oblivious to all else around him.
Which was too bad. 
The deranged disciple of destructive decibels assumed he'd beaten J-man for good; only as the southern French say, "Y'au contraire." Instead, using one of the time honored tricks of the profession, the runty rudo crawled under the ring and came out the other side. Mounting the top turnbuckle, he launched himself at the sonic psycho, crashing into 5:15 from behind. As they somersaulted forward, J lifted the IPB and came to his feet holding the instrument. 
"Gee," he said, "ya musta thought that I would need a crystal ball to see right through th' haze."
Now it was his turn to play.
7. The Song Is Over
The gaunt-faced grappler's musical knowledge consisted of two chords: one was E and the other wasn't. Fortunately the IPB had enough built-in effects to where it practically played itself, hence J contented himself with banging out his two chords and doing the Chuck Berry duck-walk while randomly tweaking knobs and flipping switches. Waves of screeching feedback poured forth, so thick as to appear visible, and pinned 5:15 to the mat. After about ten minutes of this, J stopped playing and, as the flanger did a spacey echo thing, pulled the wax plugs from his ears.
"Ya oughta read more," he told him, "or at least watch Kirk Douglas movies." 
He was referring to the story of Ulysses and the Sirens, the amateur headgear having been but a diversionary tactic.
5:15 lifted his head and shouted: "You need to stop! It's full of delicate circuitry and you don't know how to control it!"
Which was true. Even though J wasn't strumming anymore, the reverberations continued to rise as the IPB swung freely on its strap. J began to feel weird, sound and vision distorting like bad TV reception. He took the IPB and pounded it on the mat as more sounds poured out. Nothing seemed to make it want to stop. He even considered setting fire to it, only as a rule he didn't carry matches or lighter fluid with him. In the end, he just threw the thing away, barely managing to get rid of it as, with a final wail, the Independent Power Bass simply poofed out of existence.
8. Pure and Easy
J fell to his knees, breathing hard and shaking all over. He put his hands to his ears. They were ringing, probably would for a while, but at least he was still there. He'd call that a bargain.
He got up, steadying himself against the ring ropes. 5:15 held out his hands defensively. "Please don't hit me," he begged. "I only did it because I love her. You understand, don't you?"
J regarded him from behind blue eyes. "Sure," he reached to help 5:15 up, "I un'erstand." Then he knocked him to the floor with a kneelift. 
After all, the ring was J's workplace and he couldn't let strangers diss his desk. Besides, it felt good. And like they say, love ain't for keeping.
9. Happy Jack
Raas rushed to the ring and hugged J-man, lifting him off the ground in joyous relief. He wasn't embarrassed about it either. J was, a little.
"Uh, look Raas, I know ya do that at church, but—"
"I don't care," Raas gushed. "You were wonderful."
J finally managed to disentangle himself. "Yeah; well, uh... it wuz yer poem whut inspired me. Made me wanna rassle like a poet, sorta."
"You mean, like an a-venging saga?"
"Not really."
"A be-guiling ballad?"
"No."
"A ce-lestial sonnet? A de-fiant epic?"
J-man shook his head. "It's more like I wuz... p-ode." 
___________________
2 Logo: a cross-cut saw midway through a log with a lot of tiny Z's overhead, Motto: Nos teneo Latin quoque!

LETTUCE PREY
"Behold, a fourth beast, dreadful and terrible..."
Daniel 7:7
1. Call Any Vegetable
Idleness is a bad thing. No less an authority than the great Henry Ford said that it "warps the mind;" while the equally great Mahatma Ghandi declared, "Purity of mind and idleness are incompatible." And considering Ford was a racist Nazi sympathizer, and Ghandi enjoyed sleeping with naked teenage virgins, they clearly knew what they were talking about. That or they weren't near as busy as they pretended to be.
Jon Raas wasn't particularly warped, nor was he openly hypocritical. He was however beyond bored as he idly flipped the pages of a book, wearily observing the world around him. Contrary to popular opinion, life in the Great State of Texas is not a constant series of hair-raising adventures—well, unless you happen to be a rabbit farmer. Truth is, some days can be quite dull. 
This presents no problem to the average Texan, being by nature closely tied to the land and its rhythms. Only Raas was not a Texan. He was a transplanted Okie, and days like this made him feel restless as life about the STW office lapsed into humdrum routine. As usual, the mid-morning temperature approached ninety-seven degrees, prompting the usual remark how another ten and you might need to turn on a fan. And as usual, alley cats lazed outside the office, sunning their bellies, while inside, wrestlers sat and watched whatever sport was being broadcast on TV—in this case, bowling. And, as always, Gordon Paul was holed in his growlery doing God knows what.
Raas shook his head. "Life is so predictable," he lamented. 
"I knew ya wuz gonna say that."
The roly-poly ring announcer didn't bother looking up. Even the sudden appearance of the gaunt-faced grappler had no effect on him. After all, what would he see but the same scrawny runt, with the same short haircut, wearing the same t-shirt, cut-offs and sneakers? 
Only this time something was different. 
Raas lowered his book and gave the bony bantam battler another gander. 
"What's with the glasses?" he asked, indicating the wire-rims.
"Not much," J replied with a shrug. "M'uncle died 'n left 'em to me."
"Gee, that's too bad."
"Yer tellin' me. I can't see a thing with 'em." To prove it, he took Raas' book, Confessions of a Cereal Killer, and read aloud: 
"It all began one day at breakfast when I stabbed my bowl of cornflakes; after which I took to strangling boxes of raisin bran..." 
He had to lift his glasses to focus.
Raas gave him a silent glare, then: "I suppose you're here to pick up your royalty check."
Royalty check?
What royalty check?
Well, it turns out the sound engineer at the Coliseum took J's guitar solo from his encounter with 5:15 and released it as a free-form psychedelic blues number where it became a runaway hit on the local listener sponsored radio station—not bad for someone who knew only two chords. Anyhow, J being under contract to STW...
"I looked in Gordon's office but he wuzn't there."
Just then the television broke in with a special news flash concerning a disturbance at San Jacinto Park3, a area normally devoid of visitors only today the odor level from the surrounding refineries was safe enough for people to venture out and breath. According to reports, a giant vegetable was amok after a hydroponic caddy belonging to Japan's Nat-king Coleslaw Company fell into the ship channel where it absorbed sundry pollutants and morphed into a semi-sentient Killer Kabbage. A spokesman for the company, Lee King, insisted there was no cause for alarm and things would soon be under control. "Now back to our spare-time coverage of Bayou City Bowling."
Well! Here at last was some excitement! Raas turned to say as much but the gaunt-faced grappler was no longer there. Instead he saw Gordon Paul come in, clothes disheveled and covered with debris, grumbling something about "damn cats" jumping all over him.
"Hey Gordon, what's new?"
"Nothing's new Raas, 'cause you're still an idiot. Somebody get me a clothes brush."
"Well at least the hours are good. Here."
"Thanks. Was that runt just here?"
"He wanted to see you but you weren't in. Why? What happened?"
"What happened? I was looking out the window when next I know the door bumps me and I go tumbling into the alley!"
"Hah! Really? Uh, I mean, I'm sure it was an accident. He probably couldn't see you with his new glasses."
"What glasses?"
"The ones he got from his uncle."
"What uncle? He doesn't have any family, remember?"
"Oh no!" cried Raas, horrified. "That means the real nephew's been cheated out of his inheritance!"
2. Son of Mr Green Genes
The motherly strains of "Trouble Every Day" floated from a dozen plastic radios as the gaunt-faced grappler stepped from the shadow of the monument, his innate Texas curiosity having gotten the better of him. He didn't need glasses to spot the thirty-foot-tall Killer Kabbage near the shallower water where the battleship Texas was moored. The globular leafy cultivar had sprouted arms and legs and was wading in the ship channel, spitting green juice at the police choppers hovering overhead. Women with small children fled the park while guys hung around to see what would happen next. Traffic on the Loop 610 Bridge stopped as commuters got out to watch. Many offered to fetch guns from their pickups, but the troopers suggested they give the Japanese a chance first. 
The air was thick with tension, not to mention the increased odor level due to the draft created by the helicopters. So you really couldn't blame J, when someone grabbed his shoulder from behind, for giving his assailant a spinning backfist, or for following it with a knee to the head.
"Wassa-matta-yoo!" A shutter of Japanese flashed upon the scene. You didn't have to be a locket scientist to know something was wrong. "Hirata our pi-rot!" Men in a lab coats knelt to revive him, while a pretty girl in a hounds-tooth jacket took photographs. "Yoo knock out pi-rot." 
"He grabbed me first!" J spread his palms defensively. Overly defensive, really. The guy had come up on his left side and J hadn't heard him. Maybe he had suffered some ear damage last week at the hands of 5:15. "Okay," he spoke slowly, "Who's yer head man here?"
"Ah why yoo wun janitor?" they asked.
J looked heavenward and sighed. Then a spokesman came forward. J recognized him from TV. "Yer Lee King!"
"No," the Japanese looked down his shirt-front, "maybe drool a bit when sleep." As he spoke, the girl in the hounds-tooth jacket snapped J's picture, the flashbulb going off in his face. "Yuriko!" Lee King scolded her, "emiyumi-ito!" He turned to J. "Sorry. She get carried way some time."
Things settled down and Lee King filled J in on the Nat-king Coleslaw Company's hydroponic experiments for growing vegetables. J didn't understand a word of it. He mostly stood there, staring dazedly through his glasses, trying to get his eyes to focus. For some reason he found it easier to center his vision on the girl, Yuriko, as she fiddled with her camera.
Lee King paused. "By the way, where rest of J-Team?"
"Th' rest?" J puzzled, "oh, right," and silently cursed his six earlier masks. "They're out tourin' with Jaguar Yokota. Ya just missed 'em." What the heck, he'd already crossed into Hail Mary territory by ogling the girl.
Lee King looked skeptical, but continued. "Finally come up with greatest success. You no guess what."
"I dunno," said J, distractedly. "A ramblin' rose?"
"Ah, Texan very funny; all time go ha-ha. No. Make intelligent vegetable. Figure cabbage have head, now make it think."
"An intelligent cabbage! Th' mind boggles!"
"Unfortunately," Lee King went on, "pollution affect brain. Now big dumb vegetable. Must destroy."
Lee King paused expectantly. Nothing happened.
"How?" asked J, his attention drifting back to the camera girl. 
"What mean 'How?' You go Indian all sudden?"
"I mean how ya gonna destroy him?"
"Glad you ask. Always bring giant robot—dai-haruo—for emergency. Have lot gadgets, destroy monster." Again he paused. "Only now have no one to operate. Unless you have innate Texas hospitality to help."
"Oh, sure, I, uh... Wait! Whut d'ya mean?"
"Only fair," Lee King insisted. "You knock out pilot, you take place. Beside you..." He looked inquiringly to the man at his side. "Yaseppochi? Chibi?" The man whispered in Lee King's ear. "You only one small enough to fit inside. And don't look me like that; you already do plenty Hail Mary's tonight." 

Well, thought J, this was a fine pickle!
"No pickle; cabbage."
"Whutever."
Like any Texan, the gaunt-faced grappler was willing to lend a hand. Only this was ridiculous. Even if he was somewhat responsible for knocking out their pilot, they didn't expect him to destroy this Killer Kabbage all by himself, did they?
For the third time, Lee King paused.
"How cum ya keep pausin' like that?" J asked.
"Waiting for crackpot to run up and say, 'Monster should not be destroyed; he should be studied.' Always happen in movies. Wonder what keep him?"
It was the least of J's worries. "Maybe we should wait fer th' rest of th' Team to git back?"
Lee King's face remained expressionless, as did that of his staff. Only the camera girl smiled. It was almost enough to... No! He needed a diversion.
"Look!" J pointed. "It's a giant armadillo!" 
They turned and J took off, only to trip over the body of the pilot still lying on the ground. 
Lee King looked down reproachfully. "Maybe next time, you keep eye on cabbage and not on tomato."

They led J to where the dai-haruo robot was housed. It was twenty-feet tall and had a silver head fin. Per Lee King, the radio control helmet would ape J's actions so whatever way he moved the robot would do likewise. Oh, and there was one extra special feature: "Also do karaoke. Lot fun at party. Market whole line: Super Song Machine."
"Whut about them gadgets ya mentioned?" J asked from inside.
"All gadget labeled, but you no use," Lee King warned.
"Oh? How cum I... Aw rats! They're labeled in Japanese!"
"That why you no use."
J muttered a quick Hail Mary as another flashbulb went off in his face.
3. You're Probably Wondering Why I'm Here
KBFD-TV interrupted its coverage of Bayou City Bowling for a live report: 
"This is Ramona Martin for KBFD News. I'm here at the Loop 610 Bridge where gathered onlookers have just finished throwing some crackpot into the water below. Here in Houston, time has been turned back to when vegetables walked the face of the earth as—with a purposeful grimace and a terrible sound—a lumbering, massive, slow-witted creature moves ponderously through the Houston ship channel."
"Yes," remarked an onlooker, "and that Kabbage ain't too swift either."
Back at the STW office, Gordon Paul, Jon Raas, and the wrestlers looked on as the Super Song Machine waded toward the vicious vegetable. 
"Wow!" said Raas. "Look at the size of those footprints!"
"What footprints?" asked Gordon. "It's standing in water."
"I know, but someone always says that in these kind of movies."
Seeing the robot approach, the cabbage hurled a crate from a nearby barge, hitting the Machine in the chest and eliciting a startled "Ouch!"
"My God," said Raas. "It's alive!"
"Did somebody say 'alive'?" asked Beau Gus, an ex-legionnaire turned wrestler. "Reminds me of the time I was stranded in the desert of Morocco—"
"Eee's nae jus alive," observed Kurt Angus. "Eee's Scottish."
"No-o-o," said Beau Gus slowly; "I'd swear they were Bedouins."
"What do you mean he's Scottish?" asked Raas.
"Luk'a tha logo, mon. Et says Sooper Song MacHines."
"Oh God," Gordon groaned, "I'm surrounded by idiots."
"Ssssh. Listen."
"Now what?"
It was Giorgio Moroder's "Chase." 
"It's disco music," Raas spoke in disbelief, "coming from the robot."
Gordon Paul bowed his head and began massaging his temples. After all, it wasn't everyday the city got attacked by a giant salad, so why not send a jukebox to fight it?
Music blaring, the robot charged in. The vegetable made a clumsy swing. The Machine ducked behind, locked its arms around the vegetable's mid-section and lifted it overhead in a German suplex. It backed off, allowing the cabbage to get to one knee, then sprinted forward and smacked it with a running kneelift. The spectators on the ground scrambled back as the resultant waves lapped the shore. The battleship Texas rocked dangerously.
"Odd," said Raas. "The robot's using the same wrestling moves as—"
"Don't be ridiculous," said Gordon. "There's no way he could have gotten there so quickly."
The music had changed once again, this time a tango.
"You don't suppose he knows any harem music?" Beau Gus wondered.
A voice from the robot came over the speaker: "Lee King! Lee King!"
"So close window," answered the Japanese.
"I can't stop him on m' own. I wanna try some of them gadgets."
"No. No gadget. Not labeled!"
"You know," said Gordon, "that voice sure sounds familiar."
"Lemme try just one. I'll be careful," said the robot.
Nothing happened at first, except the music changed again.
"Oh no," Gordon exploded, "not Achy Breaky Heart!" as the people on the bridge, and the wrestlers in the office, started line dancing. Gordon glared them into stopping, then turned back to the TV.
Next a blast of rockets on the Super Song Machine's heels sent it hurling into the air. "Oh my Gawd!" yelled the robot as it looped and spiraled. People on the bridge stopped dancing and ran for their pickups. At the last moment it swerved, missing them by inches.
"I can hardly believe what has just happened!" Ramona Martin spoke from underneath her news van.
"Use head!" Lee King yelled over the radio. "Use rudder on head!"
"Gotcha." The Machine began gliding smoothly, the long fin on the robot's head acting as a steering mechanism. "Hey, this is neat!" He waved to the crowd. "Where ya guys at?"
"We here by monument. No-no! Don't look!"
Too late. With its head-rudder turned, the robot plowed into the limestone structure and was buried in a shower of rocky rubble.
"D-d-did you see that!" Gordon stammered at the set. "I swear, if that cabbage doesn't get him, the lynch mob will. C'mon Kabbage!"
From beneath the mound of debris the Super Song Machine played surf music. Someone asked Raas the title. "Walk, Don't Run," he ventured.
The cabbage, meanwhile, hocked juicy loogies at spectators near the shore. Those unfortunates were left behind as vehicles fled in wild panic, saying, "Not on my seatcovers you don't!"
"It seems now Houston has no defense," said Ramona Martin.
"I've been saying that for years," echoed the station's sportscaster.

The Super Song Machine dug itself out from the rubble. Once clear, it clanged a metal fist against its head to clear the cobwebs—which made the music grow louder. "I'm gonna try a'gin," it said, rising to its feet. "I think I got th' hang of it now."
"No! No try!" yelled the Japanese.
"No!" yelled the crowd on the 610 bridge.
"No!" yelled Gordon Paul, Jon Raas, and the wrestlers.
But it was no use. It couldn't hear them over the music. Slowly and carefully it leaned forward and fired the foot rockets, this time flying straight at the thing. One could almost sense a satisfied grin on the Machine's face as it speared the cabbage and carried it into the air, all to the tune of Waltz Across Texas."
The Japanese cheered.
The crowd cheered.
Jon Raas and the wrestlers cheered.
Until they witnessed the unthinkable. Somehow the cabbage got its feet down, braced to a halt, and, lifting the Machine overhead, slammed it across the bow of the battleship Texas. 
A hush fell over the city as the venerated vessel listed on its side. Finally Gordon Paul spoke—a voice so quiet it made even the meanest wrestler cringe. "Get a rope," was all he said. 
4. Return of the Son of Monster Magnet
"I'm saying a prayer, Marge. A prayer for all Texas... Well, except Dallas."
The strains of "Nearer My God To Thee" rose slowly upward. Young men removed their caps as old men wept. Someone began: "I saw a beast come out of the sea..." only he was too despondent to finish. Then all was silent as the music faded and died.
"Neither man nor his tin cans are able to stop this creature," Ramona Martin intoned solemnly.
The cabbage stood triumphant over the mangled carnage, it's leafy round body rocking with mirth. With a disdainful glance at the crowd, it spat a wad of cabbage juice on the wreckage.
The robot's arm shot upward! 
It latched onto Killer Kabbage's wrist and pulled itself upright. 
"Then th' heavens opened 'n there wuz a rider." 
The cabbage swung a fist. 
The robot ducked it. 
"He hadda name no one knows except himself." 
The robot hoisted the vegetable over his shoulder, applied an inverted headlock—
"Then th' beast wuz caught..."
—and dropped to a sitting position, ramming the cabbage's leafy head into the ship channel's silty bottom.
"...an' thrown inta th' fiery pool."

What J had pulled off was an over the shoulder belly-to-belly piledriver. It'd been a bonus freebie in that week's Famous Wrestlers mail-order correspondence course. And it caused a big splash.
The soaked Japanese, the doused crowd, and the waterlogged wrestlers all cheered. 
Gordon told the wrestlers to set their drinks down if they were going to jump around like that, and left to fetch a towel.
"Look!" said Raas. "What's he doing now?"
Everyone began talking at once.
"He's stuffing the cabbage under the battleship." 
"And firing his foot rockets."
"Did somebody say 'rockets'? Why, it reminds me of the time—"
"He's trying to lift the battleship."
"But ee canna do tha' cas she's a'wah too 'eavy."
"Of course, back in the deserts of Morocco, we—"
Gordon did nothing other than bury his face in the towel.
"No wait. He's not trying to lift it."
"He's holding onto the ship—"
"To keep himself from flying."
"Luk mon! See tha steam a-risin'?"
"The rockets are causing the water to boil."
"Eee's a-bile'in' tha ca'bage!"
Sure enough, that's what he was doing. With Killer Kabbage pinned beneath the capsized ship, the Super Song Machine held onto the wreckage as the flames from its foot rockets created an immense steaming cauldron. The cabbage thrashed and wiggled, then laid still as the boiling water purged it of the pollutants that gave it life. J felt a twinge of regret, as if perhaps someone should have studied it. 
Only there was no time to worry about that now as pressure was building within the damaged Machine. Lights flashed and alarms sounded.
"J-bot!" Lee King called over the radio. "Calling J-bot!"
"Izzat th' best ya could come up with?"
"Ken-pachiro! Why you no listen? Get out before explode!"
"Tell me how! An' hurry! M' glasses are foggin'!"
"Red button! Push red button for eject!"
And just in time too. Viewers from the 610 bridge saw the robot eject its occupant high into the air, seconds before exploding in a shower of fire and fragments. They pointed as the figure fell earthward and a parachute opened, slowing its descent. It drifted toward a grove of oak trees and disappeared, the crowd taking off in the same direction. 
Gordon Paul ran out of the office. The wrestlers heard his truck peel out of the parking lot. 
Meanwhile the ship channel waters continued to seethe and bubble as the smell of boiled cabbage filled the air.
"The Killer Kabbage was gone, but so was a great can." 

That was pretty much it. "All Texas could wake up and live again." Newspapers hawked special editions: "Extra! Extra! Chink Contraption Clobbers Killer Kabbage; Mangles Memorial Monument!" which, while politically incorrect, sounded better than "Jap Jukebox Jars Juicy Giant." Op-ed writers, speculating on the identity of the robot's pilot, called for an investigation. Conspiracy theorists filled the letter columns, demanding the anti-Texan element be rooted out. And KBFD-TV gave itself an award for covering the event.
The Nat-king Coleslaw Company exonerated itself by making a number of discrete political campaign contributions, after which they enjoyed great success marketing their latest product, Mona Lisa Lima Beans. They went on to create the Moby Grape as well as the Mr Mojo Raisin.
Gordon Paul pledged proceeds from all STW events toward the reconstruction of the San Jacinto Monument and the restoration of the battleship Texas, this in addition to the money already pledged for fixing up the Coliseum. Civic leaders praised his humanitarian efforts. He also gave J-man a ninety-day suspension for knocking him out of his office window. Finally, he entered a behavioral therapy program where his doctor recommended he do jigsaw puzzles as a form of relaxation.
For Jon Raas the entire incident became a footnote in his twelve-volume history of professional wrestling, although no one knows exactly why.
True Texans everywhere—which, by definition, excluded Dallas—joined Gordon Paul in dedicating themselves to the rebuilding effort. Schools held fund-raisers while churches took special collections and encouraged extra tithing. Houston mayor L Moses Curly earmarked proceeds from all traffic offenses and urged police officers to set up more speed traps.
As for the gaunt-faced grappler, the lynch mob never did catch up with him. All they found was a parachute ditched behind some bushes, a semi-melted pair of wire-rim spectacles, and a skinny cat stretched out on a high tree limb. J spent several days pondering whether he'd broken any commandments by destroying a somewhat-sentient vegetable, finding solace only in prayer and the rosary. His record meanwhile continued to get air play for a couple of weeks, after which he took his meager earnings to a pawn shop and purchased a Japanese imitation Telecaster. After much practice, he finally succeeded in mastering a third chord.
One good thing did come from all this. It turned out the smell of boiled cabbage counteracted the toxic odors indigenous to the ship channel area, thereby rendering the air permanently breathable. Residents could once again come out and smell the bluebonnets. Several environmental groups got together and offered a reward to the person responsible, but to date that reward remains unclaimed—and sitting idle.
Which is probably a good thing.
___________________
3 Which, as any school child knows, is the site of the 570' tall San Jacinto Monument commemorating the battle for Texas independence, as well as home to the venerable battleship Texas.

PENETRATION
"As a man or woman thinketh, so are they."
Proverbs 23:7
It goes without saying that women shouldn't play men's sports. Especially basketball. Leave that for those big bulky feminist types who don't shave. Texans like their women soft and gentle—not huffing, puffing, and sweating. Well, okay, there is one place they like that; but this isn't it.
The game was winding down when the star center, one of those big bulky feminist types who don't shave, got fouled in the final second. She went to the free throw line knowing she could put it away. Too bad she wasn't known for her free throws. Feeling the pressure, she concentrated hard, visualizing herself making the shot, becoming one with the ball, no distractions, just her and the ball, concentrating, concentrating, until finally... she collapsed, unconscious, and they carted her off on a stretcher.
Somewhere in the confusion they lost track of the ball.
Once the game was over and the auditorium cleared, the janitor came in to sweep up. A small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes, he went quietly about his business. Retracting a corner section of bleachers, he came across a basketball and kicked it out of the way. 

"Good golly Nurse Molly, what have we here?"
"Hello Dr L. Her name's Lucille. EMTs just brought her in. We're monitoring her brain activity."
"Wooo! Keep an eye on that background reading. Something strange is going on there."

The ball rolled across the floor, gaining momentum, and began bouncing as though dribbled by an unseen hand. It reached the free throw line, and then sailed through the hoop. Curious, the janitor stooped to pick it up. Ye-ouch! A powerful jolt, like that of a million needles, tore through his fingers. He threw it away as fast as he could.
Incredibly, the ball reversed direction and came flying back, striking him in the face and laying him flat. He curled into a fetal position as the ball bounced rapidly up and down the length of his body, each blow an electrical shock. Yelling in pain, he began a slow and agonizing crawl to the sidelines.

"Dr L! The background activity is getting stronger!"
"Ooh, my soul; the girl can't help it."
"What can it mean, Dr L?"
"We're gonna have some fun tonight."

The ball ricocheted from wall to wall like a creature staking its territory. Huddled beneath the bleachers, the janitor wiped his bloody nose and considered his options. He was alone; the auditorium not scheduled for any more events that weekend. Maybe he could make a dash for the locker room.

"Dr L, she's going into convulsions!"
"Wow. Whole lotta shakin' going on."

He waited till the ball was at the opposite end of the court, then made his move. The ball turned and swooped down on him. He shut the door but the ball pounded it open. He fled to the maintenance area, the ball pecking at his head and shoulders. He was being shocked senseless when he spied the furnace.

"We're losing her, Dr L; do something!"
"Lucille, please come back where you belong!"
"Her heart's stopped!"
"Code Blue, Molly! Get the paddles!"

He kicked the furnace grate open and stood before it, bracing for the impact. The ball zoomed in as though shot from a cannon. He caught it with both hands, screaming in pain and ready to pass out.

"Clear!"
"It's working, Dr L. She's coming back."
"C'mon Lucy; directly from my heart to you."
"The background activity is disappearing."
"Hey hey hey hey! Rip it up."

He stuffed the basketball into the furnace and slammed the grate, burning his hands in the process. Exhausted, he sank to the floor. "What the hell are you doing?" boomed a voice from the doorway. "Here I drop by to check and find you goofing off."

"Well, Molly, looks like she's okay now."
"She says she had the weirdest dream but can't remember what it was."
"That's the way the ball bounces. So, who's our next patient?"
"Burn patient; his boss caught him tossing basketballs into a furnace."
"Great balls of fire! Let's patch him up and give him some ice cream."
"Tutti-frutti?"
"Perfect."

BRAINSTORMING
"The Lord raised up judges to deliver them."
Judges 2:16
1. Strange Brew
The Great State of Texas has always been blessed with pleasant weather. Winter lingers but a few weeks and summer seems eternal. A lot of this is due to the Great Wall. 
What's the Great Wall of Texas, you ask? 
Well, as any school child knows, Texas has natural borders south, east, and west formed by the Red River, the Rio Grande, and the Gulf of Mexico, but nothing to mark its northern perimeter. This led to uncivilized barbarian hordes called snowbirds moving in and bringing down property values. So they built the Great Wall to keep them out—a move later copied by the Chinese, only with less success.
Now don't go taking this the wrong way. Texans have nothing against immigration. Consider the steady influx from the southwest, not to mention its sizable Asian community. It's just they like to keep out the bad element, those people without much cultural upbringing.4
Nowadays, when a snowbird comes and knocks on the Wall, what they do is set him down with a big plate of barbecue and have him listen to Ernest Tubb records. If he eats his barbecue and taps his feet to the music, he's issued a Texas Green Card, which must be renewed every year by taking the "Cotton-eyed Joe" test.5 And if he can't finish his meal, he's given some antacid tablets and sent back home. But if he says anything bad about the music... well, let's just say the results are justified.
And so it is that all you find in Texas is friendly natives and equally warm-hearted visitors.
So what does any of this have to do with the weather? 
Well, turns out the Great Wall also acts as a windbreaker to block out the cold arctic blasts. That's why temperatures in Texas are always nice and the people are friendly and cultured—and which explains why Texans are so proud.
Still, nothing's perfect. Yankees, like rodents, do manage to sneak in occasionally. And sometimes, when the forces of nature unleash their fury, even the Great Wall is powerless to prevent storms from coming in.
But then, not all storms come from nature.
2. What A Bringdown
The clock was nearing midnight when John Parradine heard the knock at the door. "Now who could that be on such a stormy night?" he mused, and summoning the maid, said, "Bela Lou, go see."
He waited in silence, listening to the rain hammer the shingles. Few traveled these old dirt roads anymore. Years ago such storms brought state trooper warnings that the Yegua River was flooding, but the construction of Lake Somerville had put an end to that.
Bela Lou shivered in the open doorway, the rain carrying an unexpected chill. A heavy canopy of dark clouds blocked whatever moonlight the night might have provided. A sudden flash of lightening lit the rain-soaked front yard and in a brief burst of grayish-white she saw something dart across the yard. Most likely a cat, she told herself, the specter of a smile crossing her young face; a poor miserable creature seeking shelter from the elements. Only why then had it run away? She shook her head, chiding herself for acting as though it hadn't been the cat that'd knocked.
Then, as she was about to close the door, she spotted him: a small white-masked fellow with quiet air and blue eyes. Behind him, sharing an umbrella as they came up the path, were two men: one silver-haired, the other roly-poly. 
"Sorry kid," she told the little guy bluntly, "but it's a bit late in the evening for trick or treating."
"Who is it Bela Lou?" asked John Parradine, wheeling his chair into the hallway. "For goodness sake, ask them to—" His long thin face went ash white as a scream of terror burst from his lips. "The ghost! Now it comes to my front door!"
An attractive middle-aged blonde raced to his side. "John, what's wrong?" Seeing the masked man, she caught her breath. "Please," she regained her composure, "go into the other room. I'll explain shortly."
3. Tales Of Brave Ulysses
Brian Toomer stood before the lighted fireplace, his suit thoroughly soaked from attempting to share an umbrella with the roly-poly Jon Raas. He patted his silver hair in place, and then turned about to face the little fellow in the white mask. "Well, you certainly know how to make an impression. I thought I told you to stay with the car."
"Leave him alone," said the remarkably dry Jon Raas. "If it hadn't been for 7 we'd never have found this place. Besides, the kid didn't do anything. The old coot's crazy, that's all."
"For your information," the maid corrected, "that 'old coot' is John Parradine, the famous actor."
"Hmm," Raas mused. "I thought I recognized him. You remember him, don't you Brain?"
"Don't call me Brain," said Brian. "Of course I remember him. I've spent many an evening watching him on the late-night movie show that comes on after our broadcast. Allow me, Miss, to offer my humble apologies. And let me introduce myself. I'm—"
"I know who you are," Bela Lou cut him off. "Y'all are with the STW wrestling promotion. You're Brian 'the Brain' Toomer, the annoyingly supercilious heel commentator hired by promoter Gordon Paul while he takes a hiatus from broadcasting."
"She sure pegged you, Brain," said Raas.
"Pegged?" said Brian. "It's more like she drove the stake."
"And you're Jon Raas," she continued, "play-by-play announcer and behind the scenes assistant to Mr Paul."
"I'm also a noted wrestling historian," Raas added. "In fact, I've been called the Josephus of Japanese Arm Locks, the Herodotus of Head Scissors, the—"
"Shut up, Raas," said Brian. "He's also been called the Blithering Idiot of Bell Time."
"And you," she turned to the masked man, "are El 7, a relative newcomer to STW working mostly prelim matches."
That last part didn't require much deduction on the maid's part. The logo on his forehead pretty much gave it away. 
"You certainly know your wrestling," Brian said admiringly.
"Except for the part about 7's kinfolk," Raas put in. "He doesn't have any relatives in STW. Uh, you got something in your eye, Miss?"
"No; I'm just glad you cleared that up. I heard there was a show in College Station tonight and figured y'all must've had car trouble. No one comes out here if they don't have to."
"Porque?" asked the up-till-now silent El 7, sitting by the fireplace and massaging a jagged scar on his left forearm. There was something vaguely familiar about him, but neither Brian nor Raas could put their finger on it.
The maid regarded him quizzically. "You should take that wet mask off before you catch cold." It was a white mask with silver trim, similar in design to the kind worn by Dr Wagner. "I'm sure no one would mind."
El 7 sneezed. "Oh gracias, but ees hokay."
"Suit yourself," she shrugged. "So how was College Station?"
"Oh gosh, it was a rough crowd," Brian shuddered. "The students kept throwing firecrackers at the wrestlers. We finally had to light them and toss them back. Then, coming home, our car had a flat—"
"Actually it was a rented van," said Raas truculently.
Brian ignored him. "A flat which never would have occurred had not my idiot colleague insist we take a detour through Somerville for Brenham."
"I like Brenham!" said Raas. "It's clean and they make great sausage."
"Then, having fixed the tire, we got stuck and had to get out and push."
"So where is it now?" asked the maid.
Brian looked down at the floor.
"Uh, let's just say the engine's flooded," said Raas.
"Yeah," Brian muttered, "after you pushed it into the Yegua."
"Well you were steering, Brain!" said Raas.
"Stop calling me Brain! It's Brian; not Brain, Brian!"
"You're lucky 7 showed up in time to pull you out."
"In any event, we were fortunate to spot your farm house from the road, and I told the others it looked like a warm and hospitable place."
"You did not!" Raas butted in. "You said it looked like the house from Psycho. And it wasn't you who spotted it but 7. He's the one who—" 
"Hmph-hmph," came a slight cough from 7, and Raas, seeing Brian turn a rainbow spectrum of purples, backed off. 
"By the way," he addressed the maid again, "if you'd like, I could show you some excerpts from my book. It's a twelve-volume work-in-progress."
"I'll pass," Bela demurred. "I only read trashy Hollywood gossip."
"That's okay in its place, but you ought to read things to improve the mind. For instance, I recently finished a book on levitation."
"Oh?" asked Brian. "How was it?"
"I couldn't put it down."

Brian "the Brain" Toomer looked about for something to smash Raas over the head with. He had just about decided on an Oriental vase when another woman, the attractive middle-aged blonde, entered the room. She approached Brian with extended hand, saying, "I'm so sorry for what happened earlier. Mr Parradine has been under a terrible strain lately."
"Oo-oo!" Raas toodied. "You're Evelyn Ankles! Look, Brain, it's Evelyn Ankles, the movie star! She was with Mr Parradine in Savage Wild Woman."
Miss Ankles stared down her nose at the roly-poly announcer. "Actually, it was Mr Parradine who starred with me. My name came first on the credits."
"True," Raas shrugged, "but his name appeared on more of them."
Brian broke in. "If I may interrupt my socially inept associate, I just want to thank you for your hospitality in taking us in. I am a fan of both you and Mr Parradine and I would not want to intrude on your privacy. If you have a telephone which I might use, I shall call for help so we may get our vehicle repaired and be on our way."
"Oh goodness no," she gushed. "You are no trouble. Yes, I am Miss Evelyn Ankles. I am also Mr Parradine's fiancée. You are more than welcome to stay the night. I could not send you out into that terrible storm." She gave Raas a look suggesting she was willing to make an exception in his case—then turned again to Brian. "Please say you'll stay. Besides, it's so late I doubt you could get anyone to come out."
"How much past midnight is it anyway?" Raas tapped his watch crystal loudly. "My watch only goes to twelve."
Before a flustered Miss Ankles could reply, there was a scream from upstairs, "The ghost! The ghost! No, go away!" and everybody jumped up. 
"7!" yelled Brian.
"I'm right here," the white-faced grappler responded.
"Quick," said Evelyn Ankles. "Everybody upstairs. Bela Lou? Bela Lou! Oh where is she?"
"I don't see her," said Raas. "Maybe she's gone ahead of us."
Quickly they ran upstairs, Miss Ankles leading the way with El 7 beside her, Brian and Raas puffing several yards behind. John Parradine's bedroom was large, richly furnished, and lined with posters, stills, and other collectibles. The window opened to a large balcony and rain was pouring in. John Parradine was shaking uncontrollably beneath his bedcovers. He peeked out and let off another scream as the masked man crossed the room.
"No-no," soothed Miss Ankles, gliding to his bedside. "It's just that wrestler."
7 closed the window, "It's okay, Mr Parradine," and approached the bed. "I'm here to help."
The words had a calming effect on the old actor. "You're not a ghost?"
"Not th' hauntin' kind, anyway," 7 smiled.
"You're the wrestler who showed up after that other guy got suspended."
Raas nudged Brian. "Look's like 7's got a fan."
"Are you kidding?" Brian approached the bed. "Nobody in their right mind would—"
"Ahem!" Miss Ankles coughed loudly.
Brian reddened. "I mean, we only booked him as a joke. He was never supposed to beat anybody." 
7 shrugged in mock innocence, having beaten that evening's opponent, Roy Drage, in 39 seconds using a wristlock submission he'd picked up while watching The Three Stooges Meet Hercules.
"It's the language barrier," explained Raas. 
"Gentlemen!" Miss Ankles stamped her foot irritably (and to which Mr Parradine replied, "Come in."). "This is not the place for petty squabbles."
Brian was embarrassed. "You're right, Miss Ankles. I'm sorry." He herded Raas out the door and down the stairs, all the while mumbling how this sort of thing never happened when he was with that other company.

It was just the two of them, Mr Parradine having dozed off. 7 smiled nervously at Miss Ankles. "It's okay," she responded listlessly. "By the way, what happened to your accent?" He appeared not to hear and went back to kneading his forearm. She spoke louder. "Is your arm bothering you? Shall I have Bela Lou bring you some ointment?"
7 looked up. "That's okay; th' rain makes it ache." She's so down, he told himself, maybe a joke will cheer her up. "Uh, we don't git much rain in Texas. When Noah had rain fer forty days 'n nights, we got half an inch."
She didn't laugh. Must be a fundamentalist, he decided. He then tried a Curly Howard finger-snap. Nothing. Women don't like th' Stooges, he remembered. He grinned weakly, coughed, and counted the floorboards while she just looked at him. 
Finally the maid came into the room. She'd changed into a robe. 
"Mr Parradine's medicine, ma'am."
"Bela Lou," Miss Ankles scolded, "where were you? Didn't you hear Mr Parradine scream?"
"No, ma'am. Since you were with the guests I decided to take a shower."
"Very well. Come along then. We must prepare rooms for our guests."

Save for the storm, all was quiet. Miss Ankles supervised Bela Lou with the guestrooms while Raas and Brian snacked in the kitchen. 7 eased back into John Parradine's bedroom, unlaced his mask and peeled it off; then took a seat beside the venerable actor, now awake and gazing wistfully at the movie posters adorning the walls. 7 recalled Mr Parradine from such films as The Falcon's Curse, controversial for its foul language; and Tropical Knights, where Sir Lancelot went about in rusty armor. Once a giant of the silver screen, he was now just a tired old man.
"Mr Parradine?"
"Eh? Yes my boy?"
"I wanna ask ya bout whut's goin' on here."
"You're from the magazine?"
"Th' magazine? Uh, sure. Right."
"You're late, you know."
"Sorry. We, uh, hadda flat tire on th' way over."
"A puncture? Didn't you see the fork in the road?"
"I'd like to go back to when these visitations first occurred."
"What I'd like would be a watch that tells time."
"Yer watch duzn't tell ya th' time?"
"No. All it does is go tick-tick-tick."
"As I wuz sayin'—"
"I'm a retired actor, you know."
"Yes, I know. So, about these—"
"I started out in stock, but the cattle objected. That's a joke."
"I'll hafta remember it."
"So many years, so many films. My favorite was the Steinbeck tale about the spooks that went on strike. It was called The Gripes of Wraith. And then there was that British science fiction movie where the Martians all carried umbrellas. But toward the end it turned sour. Too much emphasis on, you know, fooling around. My last movie was about a woman of loose morals, From Here to Maternity. Tell me, what do you think about fooling around in the movies?"
"I dunno. Wouldn't th' seat keep foldin' up?"
"Not if you put your foot on the... Yes, well, uh... By the way, could I offer you something to eat? A bowl of cereal perhaps."
"No thanks. Ya gotta nice room. Lotsa curios."
"Actually I prefer cornflakes."
"Right. Now, if we kin git back to our discussion."
"Okay."
"Kin ya recall a time in yer life where—"
"Wife? I've been married four times you know."
"Aw, rats; I give up. No I didn't know that. Wanna tell me bout ‘em?"
"They're all gone now. My first wife died from eating poisoned mushrooms. Then my second wife died eating poisoned mushrooms. My third wife died from a gunshot wound."
"She wouldn't eat her mushrooms?"
"Oh. You heard it."
"Who hasn't? Whut about yer fourth wife?"
"That was Penny; a wanton wildcat who converted on her deathbed. Those are her ashes on the mantle. It just goes to show, what they say is true."
"Which is...?"
"That a Penny saved is a Penny urned."
4. SWLABR
7 went downstairs for a snack. No one saw him slide down the banister. He did a neat somersault roll and came to his feet with his palm against the kitchen door. The door swung open from the other side, Bela Lou pulling on it with her foot. Her arms were waist-level, holding a food tray. 7 stumbled forward, his outstretched fingers landing on Bela Lou's breast. 
"Omigosh!" he froze in awe, mesmerized by her tender firmness.
An awkward moment passed. Then:
"You can move your hand now," she told him pointedly.
From the glazed look in his eyes, one would think it 7's first time to touch a female breast. And they would have been right.
"I said—" Bela Lou raised her voice.
"Oh!" he quickly straightened. "Right."
"What are you?" she stared down at him. "Some half-pint pervert?"
"It wuz an accident!" he pleaded, turning red behind the mask.
"Well watch it next time, okay?" She took her snack tray into the den and sat down to read. 
Totally embarrassed, 7 turned to the kitchen, hitting the door hard. It caught Brian in the face, spilling his drink over him. The Brain stood there, fuming silently. He opened his mouth to say something but 7 held a finger to his lips and pointed to the maid. Brian eyed the ceiling with a "Why me?" look before stalking off to his room. 7 sighed wearily and went in, followed by Bela Lou's laughter.

Raas was at the table. "You sure you don't want to loosen that mask?" he asked. "You're looking hot under there."
7 stuck his head in the fridge. "Anythin' good?" he asked.
"There's some chicken," Raas replied.
"No thanks, I don't like chicken. Think th' rain'll let up?"
"Depends on the weather. I think there's some mushrooms in the back."
"No thanks." 
"I doubt the old geezer can have red meat so chicken is all they eat. Must be healthy; Miss Ankles is awful good-looking for her age."
"She ain't that old, Raas. Yuck, this milk's weak."
"Maybe the cow got caught in the rain. Course I admit I'll never see thirty again."
"Ya wouldn't even recognize it."
"All right, be nice. The maid's quite a dish too."
"I think she's vegetarian; got nice legs."
"So is Brain."
"Who'd wanna see his legs?"
"I mean he's vegetarian as well. Says it's because he couldn't stand to see his ex-wife burn expensive steaks. So you want any chicken or not?"
"Nah. Ya kin have it."
"It's good."
7 sat down. "It's just ya kin fix it up all kinda ways, but no matter whut ya do, it's...still chicken. Now beef..." He inhaled deeply an imaginary aroma. "I mean, a chicken'll eat anythin'—"
"Do you mind?" Raas paused mid-chew.
"Sorry. But take yer herbivore; it eats grass, yet it becomes this mighty, majestic, awe inspirin' creature exudin' power 'n authority."
"And cholesterol."
"Then consider th' bullfight—not that I approve—but ya git this image of man locked in a life 'n death struggle, conquerin' th' untamable beast. An' by eatin' beef, man takes on equally majestic qualities as th' characteristics of that animal become part of his own bein'."
"Like a bovine Eucharist?"
"Well, I wouldn't wanna git blasphemous."
"In other words, you're saying any man who eats beef is full of bull."
"Right. I mean, no!" 7 stood up. He was tired and cranky and his arm ached. "Well it must mean sumthin'! Besides, who ever had a life 'n death struggle with a chicken?"
Raas rinsed his plate in the sink. "You know 7, in the short time I've know you, you've impressed me as being a man of few words." He paused before leaving. "Maybe you should keep it that way."

7 went to the den. Bela Lou was reading a magazine. She looked delicate in the lamplight. 
"Wha choo ree-deen?" he asked.
"An article on porno star Jon Slocum: My Hard Earned Money."
"Eee-nee skeletons een hees closet?"
"No, but he did pull a few boners." She looked up. "And you can drop the accent. You already blew it in the kitchen." She turned to the survey page. "Here's one: Would you say you're indecisive?"
He thought a moment, "I ain't sure," and sat down opposite her. She had nice legs. She caught him looking so he pretended to sneeze. 
"I warned you about that wet mask," she reminded.
A silence followed, 7 picking at a loose thread on the seat cushion. 
"Bela Lou?"
"Yes?"
"Kin I ask ya a question?"
"Go ahead."
"Whut's yer opinion of this ghost business?"
She shrugged, reached over and slapped his fingers. "What's yours?"
7 turned his attention to the frayed cuff of his jeans. "Accordin' to Joyce, a ghost is 'one who has faded'."
"You've read Ulysses?"
"It wuzn't whut I expected."
Bela Lou tilted her head slightly, the lamplight playing on her face. "I'll buy that," she said, more to herself than him. "Is that all? I still have to check on the others before I retire."
"Uh..."
"Yes?"
"I noticed in Mr Parradine's bedroom yer hair wuz wet."
"I took a shower, remember?"
"Oh, right." He sniffed. Something smelled funny. 
"It's petroleum jelly. I have dry skin, okay?"
"Okay." He got up, yawned. "Well, hasta la vista crocodilo."
"Shall I show you to your room?"
"Huh?"
"Your suite."
"Gee, thanks. Yer nice too."

There was a rabbit-ear television in the bedroom. The KBFD late movie was on. They were showing The Sixth Frequency, the one where Jack Klugman says, "I see dead people," and Bruce Willis responds, "You're a Medical Examiner, dammit; you're supposed to see dead people." 7 switched it off and knelt to do his rosary. He'd barely completed the first Decade when Miss Ankles opened the door and let herself in. 
Miss Ankles stood in her robe and nightgown. 
7 got up. 
"I'm sorry to disturb you," she said, "knowing you must be tired." He shook his head as she sat on the bed and gestured about the room. "John has an extensive collection of antiques. His family snuck them in from the old country. Take my ring. The story goes his mother had to hide it in her, well, her private part. His father smuggled the candelabra."
"Gee," 7 cringed, "talk about anal retentive."
"Mr 7, can I level with you?"
"I better stand, thank ya."
She took a deep breath then smiled prettily. 
"I'm sorry about earlier. I know you were only trying to cheer me up. Actually there is something you could do to make me feel better. It gets so hard sometimes. After all, I am a woman, and John is rather on in years..."
7 cleared his throat and stuffed the rosary into his pocket. This was so embarrassing. 
"Gosh Miss Ankles, it's not like I ain't flattered...only I don't think it'd be right...yer bein' Mr Parradine's fiancée 'n all..."
Miss Ankles stared at him. 
"What on Earth are you...? Oh! Omigod! Surely you can't think I came here to—" She began laughing. "With you?" She was getting hysterical.
"All right already," he said defensively. "It wuz an honest mistake."
Finally she quit laughing...only to start crying. 
"Oh!" she sobbed, "I don't know why this is happening to us," and crossing her face with her hands, moaned in distress, "because I love that man so much like the time I asked him if he wanted me to cook and darn his socks and he said just darn them or if he wanted me to have children after forty and he said no forty kids would be plenty and he was so erudite about things like how some people drink coffee out of cups while others drink tea out of doors..."
Duz she ever stop fer breath? 7 wondered. 
"...but then he grew tired and homesick so I hired Bela Lou even though she didn't have a Green Card because she was so sunny I just knew she had to be from California and I thought it'd perk him up but instead he started raving about ghosts and now tonight he's gotten even worse..."
He laid a consoling hand on her shoulder. 
"An' yer hopin' I'll stay 'n help?" he got an edge in word-wise.
Miss Ankles lowered her hands, eyes totally dry, and said: "Actually I was hoping, once Mr Toomer turned up was missing, Mr Paul would dispatch some of his bigger wrestlers to look for him."
Great, thought 7, and went to move his hand. Only before he could, the door burst open and Bela Lou barged in. Miss Ankles sprang to her feet, causing 7's hand to snag the strap of her nightgown, pulling it down and exposing her. An embarrassed Evelyn Ankles ran from the room as the maid struggled to keep from laughing.

"Well," she snickered, "I was going to turn down your bed but I see someone already has."
"Aw, rats!"
"You mean, ratas, don't you?"
"Whutever," he sulked. "Just go away." 
He still had a lot of rosary to do.
She went to the bed and fluffed the pillow. "You're not that desperate, are you? I mean, the woman's approaching middle age—for the third time."
Let's see, 7 calculated: ten decades for Bela Lou; no, better make it twenty; and another twenty for Miss Ankles...
"It ain't whut ya think."
"Nothing ever is." She came and stood before him, arms folded. "Take yourself for instance. Only a total idiot would believe you're Mexican."
"Brian 'n Raas buy it." He sat on the bed and pulled off his sneakers.
"Sort of proves my point, doesn't it?"
He busied himself rubbing his knee, pretending not to hear. 
"And why'd you pick such a stupid name? Why not El Solotario?"
Actually the gaunt-faced grappler had, in his naivety, modified the original mask by adding EL to the number 7 already on it, thereby coming up with a somewhat off-center
EL7
It was supposed to have meant Espacio Luchador, or Space Fighter 7, only it hadn't worked out that way.
And rather than explain all this, he simply replied, "I ain't much of a card player."
Which prompted her to bent down, lifted his chin, and say: "You don't speak a word of Spanish."
"Do too."
"Then say something."
"Well..."
"Come on."
"Uh... O solo mio. Means table fer one."
"That's Italian."
"Hey, whut d'ya know? I kin also speak Italian."
"I'm turning in." She paused before the mirror to gaze at her reflection. It was a nice reflection. "And don't try sneaking into my room either; the one at the end of the hall." 
All of a sudden, 7 was feeling something in his pocket other than his rosary. 
She paused once more at the door. "Perhaps you'd like a nightcap before I go? Something to remind you of Miss Ankles? How about 7-up 'n cider?" Then, laughing, she turned, bumping into Raas on her way out.
"Such a sweet girl," Raas' eyes followed her down the hallway.
"Um-hmm," 7 agreed, the scent of her smile lingering in his head. "And she walks like a...beautiful... rainbow."
Then he turned out the light and lay down, leaving his rosary for the morrow.
5. Doing That Scrapyard Thing
That night, 7 dreamed he was in a Hammer movie, asleep in a coffin while Evelyn Ankles, clad in a diaphanous gown, bent over him. Only as she leaned closer, the image morphed into that of Bela Lou. He reached out to take her in his arms—
Slap!
"Ouch!"
"Let go of me, you pervert!" 
"Bela Lou?"
"You were expecting Ingrid Pitt? Now hurry! Miss Ankles says the ghost is prowling outside. Raas and Toomer are already searching for it."

Although the storm had abated, heavy clouds still blotted the sky. Light rain mixed with the Texas heat to produce a sultry mist. 7 sloshed through the mud, hugging the shadows lest his white mask be spotted. He flattened against the barn at the sound of footsteps. They were heavy and squishy; the mud lent an eerie sucking sound. 7 wished he'd worn his glasses, even if it would look ridiculous. 
Things blurred in the shadowy fog. 
7 held his breath. 
Something turned the corner. 
7 unleashed a sidekick at its head. 
Someone screamed and 7 froze, his muddy sneaker inches from Brian's snoot.
"See, Brain," said Raas. "I told you I saw something over here."
The silver-haired Brain stared at 7. 7 lifted his palms and shrugged. Brain wiped a spot of mud from his chin, looked down at 7, then back at the mud. Then, with lamentations worthy of a prophet, he crossed into the barn and plopped down on a bundle of hay.
"That's what I call a baleful sigh," observed Raas. 
Brian let out a deep moan. "Now I know why Gordon needed time off."
7 motioned for quiet.
Plodding steps sounded. A vague white face hovered in the mist. Raas began to tremble. Brian swallowed hard. Both looked to the masked man. 7 gestured to the loft. They waited as the white-faced figure neared the barn door. 7 gave a one-two-three signal and they jumped. 
The Hereford bull gave a frightened bellow, bucking and charging, as it dragged them across the barnyard. Brian lost his grip by the compost heap. He watched Raas get tossed down a well. El 7 went sailing through the air and, with an "Ai caramba," disappeared over the fence.

Brian pulled Raas from the well...
"I certainly got to the bottom of that one."
"Oh shut up."
...and together they waited for 7 to return. 
"Gosh, Brain, you smell like a pile of manure."
"I don't care."
"Non compost mentis."
Brian considered throwing Raas back down the well. Then the little enmascardo blanco staggered up to them. He was reasonably okay, the barbed wire fence having stayed his momentum enough for the rocks and cactus to cushion his fall.
"That was a big bull," Raas noted.
"Si," 7 dabbed a bloody spot on his arm. "Moo-ey grande."
"This wouldn't have happened if it'd been a chicken."
Brain was busy wringing Raas' neck when they heard Miss Ankles scream from the house. "Oh God," he moaned. "Not again."

She was blocking the doorway, horror stricken as a glowing figure drifted across the balcony. "John Parradine," it called. "Prepare to die."
"Who are you?" cried the terrified old man. "What have I done to you?"
"You know who I am," the floating head replied: "No one born of man or woman."
7 elbowed past Miss Ankles as the ghost disappeared. The actress fell to her knees. "Oh, what a ghastly apparition," she cried.
"Looked like some kind of monkey to me," said Brian.
"Maybe it was an ape-parition," Raas suggested.
7 spoke from outside. "Whutever it wuz left a greasy mark on th' balcony."
"There you go," said Raas. "It was a grease monkey."
Brian snapped. He slapped Raas. Raas slapped him back. 7 went to break it up and got slapped by both of them. Miss Ankles exploded. 
"Get out!" she stamped her foot. "Get out at once! This is no time for a Three Stooges routine!"
Sufficiently contrite, the trio shuffled out the door. 
6. Born Under A Bad Sign 
Jon 'the roly-poly Okie' Raas, Brian 'the Brain' Toomer, and El 'the seven' 7 retired to the kitchen for a bit of exposition. Raas and Brian sat at the table, watching 7 pace the room with his hands behind his back. 
"If you go around one more time," complained Brian, "I'm giving you the checkered flag."
Raas gripped Brian's arm. "I can't handle this, Brain. I've never seen a ghost before."
"And you still haven't," scoffed Brian, rising from his chair.
"How can you say that? The place is clearly haunted. Even now I feel a cold chill on my neck."
Brian shut the refrigerator door and sat back down.
Raas looked at 7. "Do you believe in ghosts?"
The runt shook his head. 
"How about poltergeists?"
"I told ya, I don't like chicken."
"Raas," Brian popped open a beer, "you're being an idiot. That prowling ghost business was just a trick to get us out of the house. It's obvious Miss Ankles is trying to scare the old coot to death."
"Then why doesn't he call the police?" asked Raas.
"What if he did? Only an idiot like you would believe him."
"That's true," Raas agreed. "Anything he'd say on his sickbed would be an in-va-lid statement. Guy's so old you can tell his age by counting the circles under his eyes. Probably takes him six weeks to read the book of the month. Course I'm sure he'd be in better health if didn't get sick so much."
"Raas!"
"Okay, okay. But why, Brain? They're not married so what's to gain?"
"How should I know? Maybe they signed one of those prenatural arrangements. And stop calling me Brain!"
"Raas?" 7 interrupted quietly, now sitting on the countertop.
"Huh?" Raas jumped. "Oh; forgot you were there."
"Yer a historian. How much ya know about Parradine?"
"Well, as you know, my specialty is wrestling, where I've been dubbed the Seneca of Sleeper-holds, the Durant of Dropkicks—"
"Raas!" Brian kicked his chair.
"But I do have some familiarity with film history. Plus I have a photographic memory with total recall. Some people say I'm near genius."
"Only when you stand next to me," Brian daggered.
"No, really I possess a very good memory. I even remind elephants. What was the question again?"
7 threw up his hands. "Duz Parradine have any enemies? Or wuz he in any scandals?"
"How would I know?"
"Ya just said ya hadda phonographic memory."
"Oh, right; I forgot. Well, he was married four times. The first wife died—"
"We already heard that part."
"Well, show biz is like wrestling. There's competition for choice roles, and rivalries exist, but nothing serious enough to cause enmity."
"Oh, yeah," Brian snorted. "Exactly like the wrestling business."
Raas gazed at the ceiling a while. "Now that I think about it, there was a scandal some 25 years ago as his career was winding down. A girl was up for a role in one of his movies, House of Blue Vampires or something. Her name was, let's see, Stella Tate. Till then she'd been a bit player—did all her own stunts; only used a stand-in when it involved acting—so this was her big break. Only she turned up pregnant and lost out on the role—kind of like the girl who said she'd do anything for a fur coat and now she can't button it—so she accused John Parradine of being the father. No one believed her, mainly because Parradine was considered too old to, you know, rise to the occasion. By the way, did y'all know I was a premature baby? At least my father wasn't expecting me."
"What became of her?" asked Brian.
"Oh, Mom's fine."
"I meant Stella Tate."
"No one knows. She disappeared after that."
"Like some journeyman wrestler," Brian looked at 7.
"Kind of," Raas agreed. "Some make it and some don't. It's like the Bible says: The last shall be first and the first shall be last, and the rest will be stuck in the middle. Anyway that was it, en toto."
"In Toto?"
"The dog ate the script."
Brian shook his head. "Interesting as that may be, it's got nothing to do with Miss Ankles."
"Oo-oo! Unless Stella Tate was a friend of Miss Ankles."
"Now that's possible," Brian rubbed his chin, amazed Raas had actually come up with a solid idea. "Could be jealousy, revenge, whatever."
"How cum yer so sure it's her, Brian?" asked 7.
"Who else could it be? The maid's got no motive so it has to be Miss Ankles. Look at her. She made tons of spooky movies. She'd know how to rig up some effects and pull it off."
"Izzit that easy?"
"Sure: lights, makeup, phosphorus."
"What?" asked Raas.
"Phosphorus," Brian repeated.
"None for me thanks."
"That does it, Raas!" Brian slapped the table. "I'm going to hypnotize you so you'll shut up. Now, watch the spoon. You're getting sleepy, sleepy. Okay, now you're a chicken."
"Moo-ooo!" went Raas.
"I said you're a chicken!"
"So who wants to be a chicken?"
Brian buried his head in his hands and brought them slowly down across his face. "I swear, Raas," he said slowly, one more chicken joke out of you and I'm liable to do something I'll regret."
"Well," Raas shrugged, unfazed, "as we say in Oklahoma, don't conscience-stricken before they're hatched."
Brian sighed, "Oh, shut up," and turned his attention to 7. "Anyway," he addressed the luchador, "look how Ankles blocked the doorway so we couldn't get in. The so-called ghost was probably some farmhand she bribed into helping her. As for why, let's face it; her movies weren't exactly Oscar material. My God, she's still into histrionics!"
"I never knew she was a geologist," said Raas.
Brian ignored him. "She's not rich, so she knocks him off and gets the estate. You see how snooty she acts, like she's to the manner born."
A light bulb went off over 7's head. "Brain, yer a genius!"
"That's Brian."
"C'mon," 7 hopped to the floor. "It's getting' near dawn. She'll hafta try again."
"What do you mean?" asked Brian, puzzled.
"Don't ya see? If it's just Miss Ankles 'n Bella Lou, it'll look suspicious. But if she kin pull it off with us here, we'll serve as witnesses 'n alibis."

John Parradine slept soundly in his bed. They carried him gently to another room, and then hid themselves in the predawn darkness. 7 leaned forward, one ear pointed toward the window facing the balcony.
"Hey, Brain," Raas whispered, "are you sure there's nothing supernatural about this? Put your hand here. I swear you can feel something cold and damp."
"Dammit, Raas, that's his bedpan!"
"Quiet," 7 shushed them. "She's comin'."
It happened just like the other time: soft silence, an eerie light, the balcony door opened, and a glowing face floated into view. "John Parradine," it said spookily, "prepare to die."
7 yelled, "Git th' lights," and wrapped his arms around the shimmering figure. Raas and Brian tripped over each other as Miss Ankles ran into the room, while the ghost and El 7 went over the balcony.

He hit the muddy ground with a thud—Umph!—the ghost landing on top of him. He tried holding onto the slick torso. The shining specter shed its outer skin, revealing a negligee beneath, and raced for the barn. 7 struggled to his feet, squinted at the rubber skin—it was a rain poncho—then tossed it aside and gave chase. The ghost reached the barn and stumbled. They rolled several times before he came out on top.
Bela Lou stared up at him, pain and anger in her eyes. She was covered with petroleum jelly; straw dust stuck to her body. He let go her wrist and she sat up. 
"Congratulations," she rubbed her ankle. "You finally got your roll in the hay."
"Here, lemme." She had nice ankles. "Yer mother would've been proud."
"You figured out the 'no one born of man or woman' bit?"
"It wuz a nice pun," he conceded. "Manor Woman."
Manor—estate—S Tate—Stella Tate.
Bela nodded bitterly. "And 'no one' the illegitimate child she had through John Parradine."
"People say he had nothin' to do with it."
"It still doesn't justify the way he dumped her. Lots of actresses work when pregnant. One word from him and she could've stayed on the picture. Instead she died forgotten."
"I'm sorry."
"Do you know what it's like to spend your childhood alone?" she asked.
"Yes," he answered simply.
She looked into his eyes and believed him. "Then I saw that help-wanted ad and figured it was my big break. He was so out of it, I used my real name and he didn't even remember."
"He duzn't remember a lotta things nowadays."
"It was easy enough to rig a black-light projector on the balcony. Then you just grease yourself up and go 'Boo!'"
"Which explains why th' ghost never entered th' bedroom. How'd ya do th' floatin' head?"
"That was easy; I just held the poncho in front of me. Only problem is having to wash the stuff off. I saw you get suspicious of my wet hair."
"Well," he said slowly, "I'm no cientifico del cohete, but when it comes to ghosts..."
"Yes?"
"Ya kin see right through 'em."
She smiled. "I deserved that." 
7. Deserted Cities Of The Heart 
The sun peeked over the hill, streaking the morning sky with vivid splashes of orange. It promised a typical warm and pleasant Texas day. There was little evidence of last night's storm other than random puddles here and there. Brief stirrings, then back to normal. Such is life.
7 looked at Bela Lou and felt sorry for her. Maybe John Parradine had been a jerk. Or maybe Stella Tate could've handled it differently. In the end it was Bela Lou who'd suffered for their mistakes. Still, vengeance belongs to God, not to man. Not even to pretty girls with nice legs who, by the way, probably didn't need their ankles rubbed anymore. He reached over and gently brushed some straw from her hair. It was almost the same color. 
"You're going to turn me in, aren't you?" 
He helped her up. "Maybe if ya explain to Miss Ankles..."
"Yeah, maybe." A change seemed to come over her. The bitterness was toned down, and in her eyes was a new expression. "My name is Bela Lou Tate," she said proudly. "What's yours?"
7 shook his mud-spattered mask, "I dunno; my mother didn't stay to gimme one," and took her hand to lead her from the barn. 
She hopped on one foot. "I don't think I can walk. Could you..?"
"Sure," he knelt to lift her. "Here."
"Piggyback would be easier."
"Okay."
She was noticably light, despite being taller than him, and the brush of her breasts against his back proved a major distraction. 
"You know," she spoke hesitantly as they neared the barn door, "for as badly as I've treated you, you've been really fair."
"Es justo mi imparcialidad natural de Tejas."
She continued, almost sadly: "So I'm really sorry for having to do this."
"Huh?" he spoke over his shoulder. "Do whut?"
She grabbed his mask by the eyeholes and jerked it sideways to where he couldn't see, then slid off his back and shoved him into one of the barn's column posts. He tried hanging onto her garment, but it tore as she broke free. By the time he got his mask straight she'd disappeared like the morning mist.
He called out, "Bela Lou!" but there was no answer. Sighing, he returned to the house, knowing she couldn't get far the way she was dressed.
Slipping past the others, he snuck into her room, gathered some clothes and set them by the fence. He paused to make a small gesture in the general direction of the woods, then headed back inside.

"So the way I figure it, Raas, it was the maid, Bela Lou, all the time."
"Wow, Brain. You always were the smart one."
"It's Brian! Not Brain; Brian!"
Raas glanced about the room, looking for a vase or something he could break over Brian's head. What he saw was a cat curled in one of the chairs; its small, mud-flecked body nestled against a cushion. It looked much like the one that hung around the alley behind the STW office. But then lots of cats looked like that.
"In a way I feel sorry for her," Miss Ankles admitted. "Even though John had absolutely nothing to do with Miss Tate's situation, who knows what stories her wicked mother may have told her. She must have had a difficult time of it; growing up thinking he was the father who deserted them."
"It's very Freudian," Brian nodded sagely.
"Yeah," said Raas, "fraudulent; just like wrestling." 
"Maybe now," she brightened, "John's health will improve to where he can fix me that 'big ol' plate of mushrooms' he's always talking about." 
"Oo-oo!" Raas experienced a sudden inspiration. "I think I'll include this in my book!"
"You'll need a title," Brian noted and Miss Ankles struck a contemplative pose. 
"La Maldicion del Fantasma de Somerville."
"Gee," Raas hesitated. "That's...kind of long."
"Well then," Miss Ankles did a dramatic sweep of her brow, "how about...Mentiras!"
"Actually I was thinking along the lines of BLT with Ham."
Miss Ankles said nothing, but her eyes stabbed him with a million daggers. "Hmmf!" She turned her attention to the Brain. "I don't know how I can ever thank you, Mr Toomer. Oh, but surely you must have suspected me."
Brian waved it aside. "Don't be silly, Miss Ankles. I never questioned you for a moment."
"Huh? But you said—Ow!"
"Shut up Raas!"
___________________
4 Which explains why Dallas isn't part of Texas.
5 You cannot "become" a Texas citizen—you're either born here or you're not, hence the term "Native Texan" is a redundancy.


James Hold
Thank you for reading my book. 
Please watch for future entries in my "Out of Texas" series.
Connect with me online: 
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JamesHold 

