
Besserwisser: A Novel (The Know-It-Alls)
Steve Anderson


Also by Steve Anderson
Liberated: A Novel of Germany, 1945
Under False Flags: A Novel
The Losing Role
Double-Edged Sword 
Sitting Ducks 

www.stephenfanderson.com


Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2009 Stephen F. Anderson
Cover: Tiny Little Hammers

About the Author
Besserwisser (The Know-It-Alls) is Steve Anderson’s sole attempt at a humor novel. Anderson is the author of Liberated: A Novel of Germany, 1945, Under False Flags: A Novel and The Losing Role among other works. Anderson was a Fulbright Fellow in Munich, Germany, and is also a literary translator of German. He lives in Portland, Oregon.
Besserwisser: A Novel (The Know-It-Alls)
Munich, 1990: American expat slacker Gordy Ford poses as a top Hitler scholar, all to impress a girl. Stuck in his scam, Gordy soon thinks he's stumbled onto a shocking historical discovery that's made him the target of a wannabe Neo-Nazi and shady Russian mafia. Besserwisser has comedy, satire, and a rowdy mix of literary and mystery fiction. Everyone's an impostor, and all get exposed despite their best efforts. 

"A nifty lesson, delivered in a rousing plot." —IndieReader

"Confederacy of Dunces but set against the backdrop of the fall of the Berlin Wall. Besserwisser is a comical adventure that will keep you guessing." —LL Book Review

"I particularly liked the deadpan humour but the author also manages to make Gordy sufficiently likeable (despite his many, many faults)." —Free Fiction Review

ONE

Gordy Ford could hardly believe the power of his little fib. Ray Sloane jerked forward to hear Gordy just right. Gordy repeated the gist of it:
“All I can say is, it’s about Hitler, it was top secret, and it could be real big.”
Gordy’s simple tale was changing Ray Sloane from a jaded, forty-two-year-old history scholar into a kind of hyper fanatic. Sweat beaded on the man’s long forehead. He scratched at his thin hair with clawed hands and flashed freaky grins at Gordy. Gordy hadn’t meant to lie, but here he was, and the ease of it was almost panicking Gordy too. Was it really this effortless to be someone else? In minutes, with only one bored stranger and a few cheap words (Hitler being the cheapest), Gordy had transformed himself from a near broke, twenty-something community college dropout into a calm and competent young scholar with a bright future. And yet he had to be honest with himself — the feel of his brand new skin was giving him the same warm and sugary buzz he got from the double bourbon and colas he drank on his plane ride to Germany. 
Then Sloane seemed to rally. His slow moist eyes narrowed and darkened, like those of a wizened old bull sizing up a fresh salt lick. He snorted. “I don’t buy it, Gordy. No way. It’s too damn pat.” He shook his head.
So Gordy had no choice but to double down. He wiped Sloane’s sweat off his forearm. “I understand. But what can I say? I just got here and there’s lots of legwork to be done. Please, call me Gordon. Gordon K. Fordham. No one calls me Gordy.” Another white lie. Gordy had been Gordy from childhood on — Gordy Ford from Estacamas, Oregon, a strip-malled suburb of Portland. “I don’t call you Raymond,” he added. 
“Yesterday when we met you said your name was Gordy.”
“Did I? It was the jet lag.”
“Right.” Sloane scratched at his chin, a crazy quilt of whiskers and acne, and fell into deep thought. He and Gordy shared an awkward look around like a couple on a blind date realizing they had nothing in common. All around them the 1990 Munich Oktoberfest was in full stride and the Paulaner beer tent hopping. They sat across from each other, right near the oompa band stage. The tent was more like a blimp hangar, a waving sea of heads and beer steins and enough cigarette smoke for a major harbor’s worth of dense fog. A couple tables over, horn players from the oompa band nibbled on spiral-cut radishes. One had removed his toupee and tucked it into the front panel of his lederhosen. Nearby someone was ranting about Saddam Hussein invading Kuwait and what’s George H. W. Bush going to do, how it was all about oil. Gordy tried not to stare at the strangely pent-up Sloane. The guy had acne at forty-two? The strong dork factor was matched only by Sloane’s envy and general contempt. And yet Gordy had to impress him? So what did that say about himself? The panic threatened again. Gordy killed it with two gulps of Oktoberfest-Bier from his thick one-liter stein that Bavarians called a Mass. 
Sloane’s head snapped back, and he peered at Gordy. “What’s the K for? And where you from again?” 
“What? Oh, Kirby. Portland — the city part.” 
“School?”
“Told you — University of Oregon.” A good line, that one. Believable enough, but not prestigious enough that Sloane would know anyone there. Sloane was fishing, seeking a chink in Gordy’s armor. It was to be expected. Sloane only needed more detail. Gordy looked around, seeking more material. To his right sat a man grumbling in a Slavic language, hidden behind dark glasses and a mackintosh. To his left a man in a Tyrolean hat smoked from a cigarette holder as his bored, waifish Fräulein rested her head on his shoulder. Right then and there Gordy decided his story would be a mystery, if not a conspiracy, just like in all those hokey Nazi spy thrillers he’d read. So he leaned well forward, practically nuzzling at Sloane, and he whispered: “I’m telling you, I’m onto something big time. Bigger than the Hitler Diaries.”
“Stop, right there. Gord-on, the Hitler Diaries turned out a hoax.”
“Yes. That’s why this is bigger,” Gordy said. 
“You keep saying that. Then throw me a bone. Jesus.”
“I told you. Have to protect my sources.” 
“Sources,” Sloane snorted, nodding along. They had met the day before, in line at the American Express. Sloane was a PhD candidate from, as Sloane put it, the only university in Michigan that matters. Gordy nodded in confirmation, letting his silence hide that he wasn’t even sure where Michigan was exactly. North of Wisconsin? South of some Great Lake? As they stood in line Sloane had joked, with some bitterness, that he’d found salvation in academia — he welcomed the pressure to discover minor historical issues he would publish in complete obscurity. This inspired and terrified Gordy in equal parts, and yet something about it also hit home. He might have been a historian like Sloane had the chips fallen his way. So why not simply pretend that’s what he was? Believing was seeing. Besides, weren’t all people imposters to a degree? Happy lives were built on white lies, he told himself. It was better making friends this way than to go through life seething with envy. 
This pretty much summed up Gordy’s worldview for the week. So how could he now just up and tell Sloane, hey, I’m sorry, only person I know in Munich, I’m simply making all this up? It was too fulfilling. He could be anyone he wanted here. The Berlin Wall and the Iron Curtain were falling down; and just across the border, in Prague and Budapest and East Berlin, awaited the new Wild West. Here he had no unpaid visa bills or loans, dead-end jobs or, dare he say it, his sometime girlfriend Gwen to ask him, yet again, when he was going to get his act together and move in with her for good? 
Sloane had set down his Mass — a liter of lemonade instead of beer. He already had a PhD in Alcoholics Anonymous, Gordy had learned. Thus the salvation. Thus the lemonade. “You want something from me, is that it?”
Gordy screeched a laugh like a dachshund left out on the patio. He was no beast. He didn’t want to take a thing from Sloane. “God, no. Just thought you could appreciate it, seeing how we’re both scholars — one pro to another, you know?” All Gordy wanted was some company, and a modicum of mutual respect. Thus his tale — he’d come to Munich seeking a prized historical secret. The tale had the mystery, the conspiracy. All it needed now was a good threat, a hint of peril. Gordy lifted his beer, drank, set it down. “Ray, I like you. You’re a good dude. But I can’t involve you. The truth is, this could all be very dangerous.”
“Dangerous.” Sloane licked at his chapped lips, which seemed to make them drier. “Dangerous how?” 
They heard shouting and hisses and rumbles. A gang of skinheads marched by, shoving people out of the way with fists and elbows, their pale skin bearing tattoos of Confederate flags and Imperial German crosses. In their suspenders and tight jeans with the cuffs rolled up, they reminded Gordy of drugged rodeo clowns (minus the clown makeup). Sloane glared at them. 
“That dangerous,” Gordy said. “The wall’s coming down, true, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t new threats. What I’m after, it jeopardizes, certain people, those who want to protect their, uh, politicized, dogmatic, fascist versions of history.” It was close enough.
“I don’t give a shit about neo-Nazis. They’re pussies; not like the real Nazis at all.” Sloane jerked forward again. “Let’s talk research. Where you looking? Huh? Just give me an archive.”
Gordy leaned back, smiling. Stalling. All those pretend years of scholarly triumph keeping him calm. “Oh, I see what you’re after,” he said, wagging his index finger. “You want to borrow my word processor.” Gordy had spent the last of his money on a portable Tandy word processor. He had written one letter on it, to Gwen back home, but he had no way to print it so he opted to mail a postcard instead. He really only bought the thing because the idea of carrying — with one arm! — a computer and floppy disks filled with words fascinated him. What a brave new world the 1990s were going to be. 
“My typewriter works just fine,” Sloane said. 
“That’s cool. Still, it’s amazing what they’re doing with technology. You know that people are now talking on portable phones no bigger than a shoe. A shoe!” 
“Fuck ‘em. Tell me where.”
Munich had many archives, according to Gordy’s city tourist map. He blurted one that came to mind: “Bavarian State Archive. All right? There, I told you —”
“BayStaatsarchiv? No, no, no, that’s always a dead end. For dabblers and buffs.” Sloane belched, bringing a smell like lemony floor wax. 
“That’s the beauty of it. The trick is to look in a place that’s not obvious. And there it’s safe, until I can get my arms around it.”
“Uh-huh.” Sloane’s claws had relaxed. He cracked his knuckles. He smiled. “Let’s go back. What did you say you were on again?”
“On? I’ve taken nothing. Though I’m sure we could score some here.” 
“No. Your scholarship.”
“Oh. I didn’t. It’s a Fulbright. I’m a Fulbright.” Luckily, Gordy had sat next to a Fulbright scholar on the plane — Steve. Steve the Fulbrighter had also loved bourbon colas. Steve proved a gold mine for academic jargon, which Gordy could now put to good use.
“Kind?” Sloane said.
“Graduate Research Fellow.” Just like Steve. 
Sloane nodded, and set down his liter lemonade as if it had a nasty crack in it. “With stipend?”
“You bet. And a travel grant — Lufthansa, rail, both ways.” Gordy had flown standby on TWA and Pan Am, a five-leg, twenty-five-hour nightmare, all of it in the smoking section. Frankfurt to Munich he’d hitchhiked.
“Sweet, I have to say.” Sloane’s shoulders slumped. Nice work, Gordy — balance restored. “I’m doing the Bavarian Farmer’s Movement,” Sloane said, sighing, “Fifteenth century, a field wide open, it’s really undiscovered territory...” He let the words trail off.
“Good, no, a niche is good,” Gordy said. Hoping he hadn’t gone too far. He had wanted to engage Sloane, not crush him. He touched Sloane’s stein with his. 
“Ein Prosit, ein Prosit, der Gemütlichkeit!” sang the Kapellmeister — the bandleader, proposing a tent-wide toast, and all across the tent people stood on their benches, swung their steins and sang along. Gordy stood and joined in. 
Sloane reached up and pulled Gordy down to him. “Listen to me. I only got two weeks left,” he said. 
“That right?” The band was doing “Country Roads” now. Gordy stood again. Who could resist John Denver? 
“Two weeks. That’s it. Go back with what I got.” Sloane’s arms slacked and slapped at his sides. 
Gordy was singing to the rest of the table, who sang back to him. He couldn’t believe he knew all the words. What a freaking blast. 
Meanwhile, something changed in Sloane. Clicked in. As he glared at Gordy singing, he seemed to grow in stature and yet lose bulk at the same time. The aging bull was now a super alert, super fierce insect of human size. One badass praying mantis. Sloane glared, his eyes bulging and bloodshot and darting. Gordy kept singing: “West Virginia, mountain ma-ama, take me home —” 
Sloane shouted in German, something about the Holocaust. He slammed down his stein, sloshing lemonade, shot up onto his bench and snared Gordy by the shoulders. “You got Holocaust proof. Don’t you? The doc where Hitler personally orders it? That what we’re talking about here? The one that’s never been found. Before you get sloshed. Let’s have it. Pronto.”
“Pronto?” Gordy said, fighting a laugh. Holocaust proof — was that what he had meant? Sure, why not. If that was what Sloane wanted. Gordy danced on, smiling and wiggling his shoulders, but Sloane moved onto the tabletop and clenched Gordy tighter. Their neighbors shouted and whooped at them, for they appeared to be dancing together now, one pink, balding praying mantis leading a grinning, oversized Alfred E. Newman look-alike (but more handsome) in Converse high tops and brown leather (okay, vinyl) bomber jacket. 
“It’s the Holy Grail,” Sloane said. “You know that, don’t you? Everyone wants it.” Gordy, nodding, danced on. Sloane’s narrow hips rocking with his. “It’s a lost cause! So many have tried. I tried. There’s nothing extant, no good secondaries, not even any promising hearsay, accomplices almost all dead, hell there’s not even any lost docs anybody knows of, for Christ’s sake, man …”
Sloane let go. He stood back and watched Gordy, as if Gordy was his belly dancer. His head swayed, and he grinned. “It’s in Section Two, isn’t it? Yes! It has to be. And I bet I know just the box of folders.”
Gordy danced, drank, sang on. Sure. Whatever Section Two was. The white lies sure do pile up fast when you’re making friends. But there was not much he could do to stop this tonight, what with his belly filling with beer and Sloane all hopped up on citrus and sugar and breakthrough research. As soon as he had the chance, though, he would play it down. He didn’t want Sloane making the mistake of going to the experts with this — or worse yet to a journalist. Next time Gordy saw him he’d tell him, look Ray, sorry to lead you on, but it turned out to be a dead end, the whole thing, led to nowhere just like you said. I guess I just got excited — you understand excited? And, please, call me Gordy. 
And that would be that. No harm done. 

The full-strength Oktoberfest beer struck Gordy just as the oompa band began pumping out “Y-M-C-A.” Back up on the table, Gordy linked arms and sang with the man wearing the Tyrolean, who ended up giving Gordy his hat, Gordy liked it so much. Gordy only slipped and fell off the table twice. By now the stale smoke and spilled beer smelled wonderful. He breathed it in. After swigging his fourth liter he danced with the rest of them, there were Italians, Finns and Brits, the whole table up now, and some time later he was laying on his back with full steins weighing him down and beer running down his neck, the object of some unknowable drinking game.
Wait. Hold on. A woman was now with Sloane. Gordy sat back down and faced them, his hair damp with beer. She had auburn hair. Her skin glowed, fair but fresh and rosy from the fall sun.
“Gordy — Gord-on, this is Jane,” Sloane said. He pulled her close by a shoulder. “She’s my gal.” 
Jane shot Sloane a look that sent him for his lemonade. She was drinking strongest and darkest beer that only the hardiest old-timers dared to quaff. “Acquaintance, to be precise,” she said in a throaty yet polished accent.
“Hi. Acquaintance,” Gordy said, hoping to say something profound but this Jane was beaming at him, her eyes sparkling green, and all he wanted was to touch her hair because it probably smelled like strawberries, and … he forgot what he was going to say. He would have guessed a dowdy girl for Sloane. But Jane was practically Joan Jett in her jeans, tee, and three-quarter length black leather jacket. What was she? 
“What are you?” Gordy blurted.
Jane eyed him, the sparkle dimming. “Deutsche. A German. Duh, as you say.” 
“Ach ja, Deutschland,” Gordy said, faking a German accent and not sure where he was going with it. Sloane and Jane left him to his beer and faced each other. They fired off exchanges as if they were on a game show with a time limit. Sloane asked her where she’d been. He needn’t know everything all the time, she shot back. Her full, confident lips. Her short and smart bangs. She too had freckles like Gordy’s but hers were faint and spaced evenly apart. Fascinating. 
The band started up again. As Gordy leaned forward to hear her, the Slavic grumbler to his right slid a brown cigar-like cigarette into his mouth and lit it. It seemed like a brilliant idea. Gordy couldn’t hear much but he could tell Sloane was talking about him, rolling his eyes, and so he smoked, and he drank, doing his best to keep his back upright and his shoulders square, the Tyrolean hat perched so far forward it touched his nose. Sloane droned on and on. Gordy heard the words “Holocaust,” “Hitler,” “Section Two,” “deep hidden,” and “big-time proof,” then something about how Sloane had been scraping — slaving — for years and now this junior Fulbright comes up with the goods? Jane nodded along. She shot him a glance. 
“It’s true,” Gordy said. “And I’m so close, now that I’m finally here.” Shaking his head at his own dumb luck. He couldn’t help it. How could he come clean now? “But then again, true research is three parts’ hard work,” he added. His hat slid down his nose and dropped onto his stein, where he let it sit.
Sloane looked away. Jane turned to him. One corner of her mouth had turned up. She was smiling again. 
“But remember, it’s dangerous. Very dicey,” Gordy added. 
“Dicey. A nice English word. I’ll remember that.” The band was doing “Country Roads” for the fourth time Gordy could remember. The rest of the table was calling for him. He waved them off. But what to say?
“Jane — borrow my word processor?” he blurted. 
“Your what word?” Jane said. Sloane laughed.
“Nothing ...” 
The beer. Das Bier. He had liters of it inside him. His lips had become twitching worms, his thoughts a scramble of the comic and the bleak. Sometime after his fifth liter he could barely stand without Sloane’s help. Sloane and Jane escorted him as far as the main exit, a giant plywood mockup of a fairytale castle gate. Other drunks streamed past staggering as if blindfolded. Somehow the Tyrolean hat was back on his head. He tipped it to Sloane, Jane.
“Seeing you, Ray. Was nice. Do it again. Jane, is nice to be meeting you. We’ll see you in town?”
They nodded, smiling. Then Sloane leaned into Gordy, as if to hug him. “So, I guess the race is on,” he growled in Gordy’s ear.
“Race? Who?” Gordy stumbled backward. “Right now?”
“You heard me. So don’t toy with me.” Sloane drew back, sucking on his teeth.
“Are you all right to make the trek home?” Jane said to Gordy. 
“Oh, yesh. Yes. But remember — loosh lipsh shink ships.” He put a finger to his lips. “Ver-y dicey. Shhh ...”
Sloane turned to leave. Gordy reached out and touched Jane’s hair. She let him. “Pretty, pretty,” he muttered, stroking, and she watched him with a light, open smile, like an adult admiring a child in a petting zoo. 
She grabbed his hand and placed it on his heart. 
“It’s best you go now, Gordon K. Fordham.”
“Okay. Hey — you living in Munich? After he’s gone? What’s-his-hoosey.”
“Ray. For you that depends, does it not? Off you go.”
“Okay. Bye bye.”

It was dark now, a warm late September night. Gordy waddled and zigzagged along, stomping at earth, passing Bavarian yokels in tight jeans, blue-haired ladies swinging purses, American GIs pushing strollers, and young couples in love. They lurched and swayed to avoid him. They laughed and he laughed with them. Flashing carnival lights stretched to the horizon, a kaleidoscopic forest fire. Roller coasters glowed in red and blue and orange, like neon Alps. Little red shacks sold shots of schnapps as groups of old friends crowded around, hoisting glasses. It was all straight out of the Nineteenth century, and Gordy loved that about it. He passed a flea circus, a freak show, a real gypsy fortuneteller and, best of all, stalls hawking gingerbread hearts glazed with sappy Bavarian sayings, just like Valentine candy. “Be Mine?” “Say Yes.” “I Love You.” And Gordy wondered if Jane liked the gingerbread hearts, too, and if a guy like Ray Sloane really knew or cared about anything apart from getting at Gordy’s big-time find that really wasn’t.

TWO

Hiccupping, Gordy descended the long metal escalator deep into the Munich U-Bahn subway, a Legoland of oranges and blues, plastic and tile and concrete. Giant happy billboards loomed. A rush of warm air hit his eyes as the train pulled in and stopped with a hiss. He tugged the Tyrolean hat down tight and staggered aboard. “Zurückbleiben, bitte,” screeched the speakers, “stand back, please,” the doors slapped shut and the train rolled on. 
He hiccupped, four then five in a row, each more violent than the previous one, a human machine gun of hiccups. The riders stared, stone-faced. Another beer-soaked foreign maniac had invaded their commute and the vomit was sure to come. Act normal, Gordy told himself. Best not to make eye contact. He grabbed at a handle but missed and stumbled into a thick-faced Munich Frau who shoved him off and he hurtled back into an empty seat, where he sat. Facing the window, he pulled a postcard from his bomber jacket. On the front was a blurry retouched photo of Seattle’s Space Needle at night, or possibly at dusk. “The Space Needle?” Gordy groaned. It wasn’t like Gwen to send a cheap postcard; she would spend ten bucks on a postcard if they made such a thing. But there it was. Cheap. On the back she’d scribbled: 

What am I going to do with you? You’re a big dork in the body of a cinema star. Quaff one of those big Munich beers for me.

Quaff. Cinema star. Gwen loved outdated words. She used them to compensate for the current words she didn’t know. The least she could have done was written how she liked Seattle now that she’d finally moved there. Or ask him, as she had so often, when was he going to join her there? She’d promised to fill him in on the latest episodes of “Twin Peaks.” Not now. He got only a blurry Space Needle and outdated words. At least his hiccups were gone. 
Leaving the subway, Gordy stumbled through a sprawling maze of decaying concrete tenements. The streetlamps flickered and buzzed like mammoth killer fireflies. This was once the athletes village for Munich’s 1972 Olympics. It was still called the Olympic Village, but it had been turned into student housing. It reminded Gordy of a junkyard of cheap hotels, that or a lost movie set from “Logan’s Run.” Like a real village it had no sensible layout, and Gordy found his building only after going in a circle twice and tracking back three times. 
The elevator shimmied and whined as it climbed, and Gordy’s stomach settled between his ankles. He closed his eyes, fighting the spins. Entering the eleventh floor lobby, he checked his mailbox. Inside was an actual letter, no, wait, the very letter he’d been hoping for — postmarked USA, self-stamped and -addressed to “Mr. Gordon K. Fordham.” He stared at it. It was to bring dark news, he thought. No, it was a godsend. He tore into the envelope:

Dear Mr. Fordham,
We discussed your proposal, The Fordham Historical Travel Guide To Fascist and Communist Landmarks of Europe, and I am sorry to report that it is not a likely prospect for us. 
We appreciate your submission and wish you the best of luck in your publishing pursuits. 
Kindest regards,
Lionel Marsee-Chandler
Senior Acquisitions Editor

He read it again. And a third time. He held it up to the light. He read a fourth time but stopped at the words “not a likely prospect.” It was the last rejection of some twenty publishers. He slid down along the wall to the floor. It had seemed a sure thing for the times. They had sightseeing books for gourmands, mystery buffs, and even porn lovers, so why not give them Nazi gold caves, Karl Marx statues, and Stalin’s dacha? Mr. Lionel Marsee-Chandler, who he’d imagined only hours before as kindly and balding with dentures yellowed from pipe tobacco, was now a Gordon Gekko with a deep tan and gold cuff links, his billboard-sized window offering the best view not of Central Park but a continent-sized crater of molten lava. 
Why hadn’t he just told Sloane about the book idea instead? Maybe he didn’t really believe in it? And yet it had provided the rationale for all that he had now. His Tandy portable word processor. His one-way ticket over (it was all he could afford). For the book, advance in hand, he was to see Prague and Budapest, East Berlin and St. Petersburg. Instead he’d spent way too many marks at Oktoberfest. He’d even sprung for Sloane’s giant lemonades. His pulse raced, and his head spun again. He lowered his head between his knees, breathing slower ... Some time later he tried to pull himself up, but his head felt heavy like he was wearing a helmet of rebar-laced concrete. His stomach had now wedged itself under his tongue. He felt a piercing rumble there, and an icy cold sweat broke out on his upper lip and down his spine. 
Next thing he knew he was hugging his toilet, heaving up Oktoberfest. 
Some time after that he was lying on his narrow twin bed. On his back. In the dark. He tried to imagine this room — what it looked like — but couldn’t. He could have been anywhere. He was in the dark.
He woke the next morning on the bed, in his sleeping bag, and had to squint at the harsh gray light from the balcony. No wonder he couldn’t recall his room in the dark. It had as much character as a voting booth. The ‘72 Olympians’ quarters had been the guinea pigs of modern pre-fab construction. Most of it was a grimy matte white, and he could reach any wall in three long paces. The Formica desk had only one shallow drawer. The desk chair was molded plastic, the shelves and closet made of a heavy particle board covered with more Formica that was chipped and peeling. Over in the corner was a kitchenette counter little wider than a sandwich, a tiny sink, and a mini fridge below that. The place was like a death row cell for a kindergartner. He wondered, in all seriousness, if he hadn’t gotten the former quarters for dwarf Olympians.
And yet a pad like this was a score in cramped Munich. He’d told Ray Sloane it was all Fulbright. The truth was, he was the closest thing to being a squatter. Gwen knew a German exchange student back home who needed to sublet her Munich apartment, so Gwen had offered to rent the place and use it as a base for traveling. At which point Gordy had offered to arrive early and watch it until Gwen could come over. But first, there was Seattle. It could be months, Gwen had said. I will make due, Gordon had said. By then he would have found a publisher, he had assured himself. 
If only. His mud-caked Converse lay in the middle of the floor. His throat burned, his nostrils were clogged and his teeth felt raw and chalky, as if stripped by paint thinner. He pulled back his covers to find he was wearing two pair of underwear and one sock, and nothing else. 

As Gordy endured the worst hangover of his life, he decided that misleading Ray Sloane was not right. He would meet with Sloane and confess, whatever it took. He had no working telephone, so he tried Sloane from a phone booth. Repeatedly. Sloane was never at home. For a week Gordy called him, at least once or twice a day, and even switched phone booths for better odds. On the third day Sloane’s landlady began hanging up on Gordy. On the fifth day she barked at him in English:
“Herr Sloane gets all messages so quevit calling so much — perhaps he doesn’t vish to speak vit you.” She’d shouted it, as if reading from a cue card. 
“Where is he, right now? Will you tell me?” Gordy asked in his rough German. “If you tell me this, I will leave you alone.”
A gasp. A grunt. “In the archive, where else?” landlady said in German and hung up. 
A man in shiny leather pants was banging on the phone booth so Gordy kept the receiver to his ear, as if still speaking. He slumped against the grimy glass, trying to think. Why would Sloane avoid him? And in which archive was he? — Munich had so many archives. Then he remembered what he had told Sloane, and what Sloane had made of it, and what Sloane had whispered in his ear the last time he saw him.
The race is on. Do not toy with me. 
Gordy’s current phone booth was in Schwabing, just blocks from the Bavarian State Archive. To play it safe, he bought a disguise at a discount store on the way — dark sunglasses, a used purple plastic rain poncho and tweed bucket hat. Then he headed down the Ludwigstrasse, the grand avenue that linked the university to Old Town. He found a narrow side street, the Schönfeldstrasse, and turned into a cobblestone courtyard walled in on three sides by high arched paths. 
The afternoon light had thinned, turning the cobblestones black. In the middle of the courtyard stood the statue of a general Gordy didn’t know (but told himself to look up). Across the courtyard stood a gray box of a building. On the ground floor, a row of windows was illuminated yellow from desk lamps glowing inside. Silhouettes slouched over brown folders and, here and there, a portable word processor. Gordy lurked at the wide, heavy door to the right of the windows. A tarnished plaque read, Section Two — the very archive Sloane had mentioned and the kind, Gordy presumed, where you needed actual credentials to access. 
He placed himself between the door and windows and peeked inside, scanning the scholars so frozen in their work they looked like marble busts. Could they see him? Just then one burst out laughing and Gordy reeled back. He needed a better cover. Deep inside a poncho pocket was a half-empty pack of HB cigarettes. A fine ruse, he thought — archives had to be the only place in Germany where no one dared to smoke. He slid an unlit cigarette in a corner of his mouth. And took another peek. 
At the back, in a corner, sat Ray Sloane, a box of folders to either side of him. As he read he rocked back and forth, as if praying. 
The door opened. A security guard strode out, his thumbs tucked in his belt, and nodded at Gordy. Gordy smiled. The guard muttered in Bavarian dialect. Gordy nodded. The guard drew a lighter, held it to Gordy’s HB, and lit it. Then he walked off, humming. Gordy muttered a “danke” and inhaled. A firestorm scorched his throat like the black exhaust from a diesel Mercedes taxi. He fell forward, hacking, panting, sweating. Inside, the people peered out into the dark and then went back to work. 
Gordy waited a half an hour, but Sloane never came out and Gordy desperately needed water — better yet, a tall lager beer. He left. The next day Gordy donned his disguise and repeated his stakeout. He waited until closing — five p.m. Gordy was behind the general statue. Sloane was the last one out, clutching a cheap vinyl briefcase that glimmered from a high streetlight. He wheezed and coughed a couple times, blew his nose. Gordy stayed put. He heard footsteps, sharp clicks on the cobblestone. It was a woman. It was Jane, from Oktoberfest. 
Gordy recoiled into a dark arch. How could she see him like this? Sunglasses at dusk, a purple plastic poncho, and a bucket hat? He looked like a blind retiree fresh from a sex shop. She strode up to Sloane with her arms folded high on her chest. No kiss, not even a hug for Sloane. Gordy couldn’t hear them. Jane handed Sloane a tissue, and Gordy watched them march off into the Ludwigstrasse.
Gordy followed but lost them. And yet he was prancing along, on the balls of his feet, practically dancing. Seeing Jane had filled him with such a warm feeling in his belly he kept it going by heading into the nearest pastry shop for two sweet dumplings with plum filling and a pot of dark coffee. He had thought she only infatuated him because he’d been drunk that night at Oktoberfest. It had happened before. A four-hundred pound cavewoman could infatuate him drunk, provided she wore a modicum of lipstick. But this was different. Again her auburn hair shined and her skin glowed, defying even the darkness.
The next morning he was still thinking about her. By the afternoon, he had decided to lose the disguise this time and bring along his Tandy portable word processor. On the way he even bought a pocket pack of tissues for Sloane. 
It had been cloudy all day and the air was wet, preparing another cold rain. Sloane stayed inside until closing time. But Jane had not showed. Gordy watched from behind his general. Sloane, again the last one out, wiped at his nose and looked around, checking his watch. Gordy hesitated. What would he say? How to admit you’ve lied?
Sloane huffed and spat and bounded across the courtyard, forcing Gordy to crawl on his knees around the general. Sloane turned away from the Ludwigstrasse and Gordy followed, down a narrower stretch of the Schönfeldstrasse, past wrought-iron gates and low-hanging linden tree branches. Sloane picked up the pace.
“Ray?” Gordy shouted.
Sloane stopped, in the middle of the sidewalk. He pivoted with care, his praying mantis arms bent outward, as if Gordy had a gun on him. 
“Ray. Hi. Hey. It’s me. Gordon.” 
They faced each other, about ten feet apart. Sloane glared, hunching forward, his briefcase hanging off a shoulder. “You?” he said.
Gordy held up his Tandy portable word processor, using two hands the thing was so heavy. “Doing a lot of research? Thought you might want to use this.”
“You’re the one? Calling and scaring the hell out of Frau Miesle?”
“Who?”
“You know who — my landlady. Frau Miesle. Frau Miesle says you been calling three, four times a day.”
“What? She’s got it wrong. Okay, once I did call twice.” 
“You calling the good Frau Miesle a liar?”
“No.” Gordy heaved the word processor back on his shoulder, and stepped forward. “Look, never mind that, I wanted to tell you —”
“Stop right there.”
“Just let me explain. Please? I’ll buy you a beer.” Gordy drew the pack of tissues and held them out for Sloane. “How about a tissue? I bought them for you.”
Sloane lunged and slapped at the pack. It hit the pavement. He kicked it down the sidewalk. “Told her you’d spare her life if she gave me up? You freak. She’s an old woman. What’s the deal with you?”
“Spare her life?” Gordy giggled, waving his hands. “No, look, it must have been my crappy German, I didn’t mean it that way.”
“And what’s the big idea, threatening me? Me! You freak. Can’t handle it, that it? Can’t handle the competition, can’t handle the pressure. That it, Fulbrighter?” Sloane licked at his lips, his hands clenched like claws. Praying mantis claws. 
“What? No, I —”
Sloane threw down his briefcase. “And now you’re following me?” he screamed, jabbing a finger. “What the fuck’s that?”
And he rushed Gordy, his eyes bulging white, his knees high and those mantis claws flailing. 

THREE

“What are you doing?” Gordy screamed, stumbling backward. “Stop, stop it.”
Sloane kept coming, lunging. Gordy lifted the word processor to shield his face. Sloane swung, smacked the word processor and shook his fist in pain. “Aw shit. Shit!”
Gordy had fallen. He scrambled up and sprinted off down the sidewalk and around a corner, the word processor stuffed under an arm like he was a running back. 
“Stop it? You want ME to stop it?” Sloane was shouting. Still coming.
Gordy slowed, looked back over his shoulder. Sloane was sprinting around the corner, his fluffy hair glowing with streetlamp light, his long legs loping high like he was about to attempt a triple jump.
Sighing, Gordy turned to face him. After all, he had helped create this mad research fiend once known as Ray Sloane. “Please, I’m begging you, stop — I was only trying to help —” 
“Trying? Dish it up but you can’t take it, huh?” Sloane kept coming, his arms out wide for tackling. 
“I think the term is ‘dish it out,’ oh, screw it —” Gordy hurled the word processor with both hands. It bounced off Sloane’s chest and hit the sidewalk with a great crack.
Sloane, stunned, coughed and stomped in a circle, his hands clenching his thighs like a sumo wrestler. 
“Okay? Will you listen now?” Gordy said. 
“You bastard, you mother …” Sloane was growling, low like a wounded hog. He swiped at Gordy with both arms, trying to snare him in his mantis claws. Gordy ducked and bobbed and dipped, and for a moment they were dancing again like at Oktoberfest. 
“This is crazy; will you stop?” Gordy shouted as he trotted back the other way, wanting to laugh. Both were gasping. Gordy turned another corner. Sloane followed.
“Only, when you stop,” Sloane panted, “when you, stop the harassment.”
They were a block off the English Garden, passing fashionable row houses and stately residences that had survived the war. Gordy staggered into a small, dark courtyard and stopped, hunched over, his hands on his knees, sweat rolling off his nose. Sloane shuffled up behind him, coughing. He blew his nose into the sleeve of his anorak.
“Got a flu,” he wheezed.
“You should have taken the tissues,” Gordy panted. 
As Gordy caught his breath he heard orderly footsteps, like a uniform trot, what sounded like marching.
Sloane glared, listening. The boots pounded at cobblestone. “What the?”
The boots stopped. Facing Gordy and Sloane were three silhouettes. The middle one had a head of thick spiked hair, but the other two had round heads — shaved heads, which were polished pale yellow by a distant street lamp. Their faces were shadowed, their shoulders close together. Peering Gordy saw the same rodeo clown getups he had seen on the skinheads at Oktoberfest. Nazi tattoos, suspenders, the rolled-up jeans.
“Yes? Can I help you?” Sloane said, rising up, his claws fanning out. 
They laughed, and Gordy winced at the tang of strong beer they gave off (his hangover came roaring back). The skinhead to the right stepped forward. He pushed at Sloane’s chest. 
“What the hell’s this all about?” Sloane growled in German. 
“Shut up,” the middle one said in English. 
“Uh, I wouldn’t screw with him if I were you,” Gordy said. 
The two on either side began to laugh, but the middle one with the spiked hair shut them up with a wave of his hand. Clearly, he was their leader. He didn’t wear the suspenders or jean cuffs; and the way the skin around his eyes creased in the light betrayed him as somewhat older. 
“You,” the leader said to Gordy. 
“Ich?” 
“Yeah. Come on. For you it’s safe now.” The line of three opened up. Gordy, shrugging, passed out of the courtyard and through them. He stood behind the three. Maybe he could still find out what the hell this was really all about. Yes, Sloane had tried to tear his head off, and he wouldn’t mind seeing this badass mantis get his ass kicked. Then again, how could he just leave the guy? Even if it was a foreign country.
From his trap in the small courtyard, Sloane sneered, at all of them. He spat and wiped at his mouth, his eyes bulging. “I know you dumb asses, sure I do. You were at Oktoberfest.”
The two outside skinheads exchanged glances. Sloane was right, Gordy realized. They looked to their leader, who shrugged. “You,” the leader said to Sloane. “Here is the deal with you. Just what the hell you think you’re doing, messing around like you are?” His English was Americanized, but the accent reminded Gordy of a bad impersonation of a German, like a bad comic doing Schwarzenegger. And yet the guy was definitely a German. “You need to lay off her, hear me?” he continued. 
“Don’t you mean lay off IT, as in, the research? Gonna speak English you need to get your pronouns right.” Sloane advanced a step, out of the courtyard darkness and into the street lamp night. He was grimacing, ready for more. 
“I’m telling you guys, you don’t want to screw with him,” Gordy said, stepping back. 
“Halt, I say,” the leader said, but his voice creaked. “This is my warning — getting the hell out of Germany is the best thing for you.”
Sloane, taking another step, pointed at Gordy. “I see what’s going on here. You, Fordham, you really did mean it. At Oktoberfest. About it being dangerous. So I really am on to it, aren’t I? It’s a conspiracy. And you — you’re behind it.”
All three looked to Gordy, their brows wrinkled. 
“Behind what?” Gordy said.
“Don’t gimme that shit. The research. The secret. Hitler’s secret!” 
Gordy sputtered a laugh. He held out his hands and shrugged, but, sadly, this only resembled a curtsy. “No, I … See, this is why I came looking for you. I was going to tell you the truth, but I didn’t know how. I hate to spoil your good time. See, I was only making it up —”
“Spare me,” Sloane said, waving a hand at Gordy. “Stimmt das, Jungs?” he said to the three. “He put you up to this? Or did someone bigger? Yes, I bet this goes a lot higher than our jerkoff Jr. Fulbright here.”
“I’m not a Fulbrighter,” Gordy said, sighing.
Again the two skins looked to their leader, who scratched at the back of his neck, immobilized.
Sloane, seething, seemed to hear nothing now. “Leave Germany, you say? Leave this!” he shouted and rushed the three swinging. He caught one skin on the jaw and the skin stumbled back groaning. Sloane pounced on the other skin and the skin took off down the street yelling, “Help, help!”
The first skin was sitting on the sidewalk, sniffling. The leader was backing away, his hands up. “Next time, I bring the big guns,” he said. 
“Ha!” Sloane shouted and jumped at the leader, who ran off, around the next corner. Sloane started after him. 
“Shit,” Gordy muttered, following at a safe distance. 
After all they’d been through, it looked more like a race-walk than a run. They were heading for the English Garden, a black mass of woods in the night. “You do not want to toy with me!” Sloane was yelling after the leader. “I’m a guest here! Got that? — a guest of your goddamn government!” 
A wide trailhead opened up ahead, pooling with moonlight. From just beyond the trees Gordy heard what sounded like the pit-pat of horses, and the rattle of wagon gear. And singing?
Just then it came into view — a true Munich beer wagon like Gordy had seen in the Oktoberfest parade, the horses and barrels clad in sky blue-and-gold livery, all Löwenbräu brewery banners, sequins, swags and shiny leather, the men driving up top roaring with laughter while their women rode on the big barrels drinking and singing (no one wore lederhosen or dirndl dresses, to Gordy’s disappointment). 
The horses charged out from the trail into the street and the wagon just missed the skins’ leader, who sidestepped and darted into the woods. 
The wagon veered, the horses’ hooves and the wheels smacking at cobblestones.
Sloane was still running forward but sneering back at Gordy when the wagon veered. And ran right into Sloane. And through him, over him. The horses gasping and the wagon screeching a wild jangling skid as Sloane threw up his arms and vanished underneath. High squeals rattled Gordy’s ears, but he couldn’t tell if they’d come from the horses or from Ray Sloane. 

FOUR

Leather straps snapped and gilded chains popped and the beer barrels tumbled off onto the street, some bouncing and rolling for the curbs and others bursting on contact, releasing foaming gushes of Oktoberfest beer across the cobblestones. The racket was like garbage trucks colliding. Gordy stood half a block back, frozen in the darkness, awestruck. The riders on the beer-wagon storm could not have seen him as they, all unhurt, gathered to scream at the gangly tall (and most likely demented) man who’d thrown himself under their fine steeds’ hooves. Gordy retreated the way he had come. In horror. A zombie. Back over on the Schönfeldstrasse he could still smell the tangy aromas of spilt malt, hops, barley, and water freshly brewed. His Tandy portable word processor still lay on the sidewalk in its thin nylon case. Before he’d heaved it at Ray Sloane it had been the size of a small ice cooler. Now it was a lump, like a pile of laundry, a collection of broken yellowed plastic parts never to be resurrected. Walking on, Gordy picked up the pack of tissues, opened it, drew a tissue and blew his nose. Sloane’s briefcase was there, too. He took it. Why not. By the time he reached the U-Bahn station on the Ludwigstrasse he heard the sirens (those cool sing-song German sirens), and he was shaking. How could he go back now? He’d already left the scene of an accident, and in a foreign country at that.
He went straight to the sublet, packed up his backpack, and curled up in his sleeping bag in utter fear. As he tried to sleep he imagined Interpol posting all-points bulletins Europe-wide and a covert search op coordinated between select units of West Germany’s GSG-9 and the CIA. It did give him an odd consolation to imagine black-clad agents busting down his particle board-and-Formica door. All those Polizei motorcycles and armored cars with water cannons would be kind of cool.
But nothing of that sort went down. “Yank Scholar Smashes Famous Fancy Beer Wagon!” announced the next afternoon’s Bild, Munich’s top-selling tabloid, the headline crammed in the corner beneath the lottery jackpot numbers. Gordy read the story on his bed drinking lukewarm instant coffee. The crew of the renowned Löwenbräu beer wagon had been on an unauthorized joyride that night. The American Ray Sloane broke bones in his arms, ribs and an ankle. Liability had not been clarified. Perhaps to stave off any lawsuits, the brewery was setting Sloane up in a VIP hospital room for his last five days in Munich. The next day, Bild had the photos. Brewing executives in Hugo Boss suits posed with Sloane as busty models in skimpy dirndls stroked his three casts. The papers had nothing about a search for anyone else; it was only reported that Sloane claimed some toughs had chased him, and the papers surmised these had to be Turkish or the new East Germans flooding into the West. 
Gordy had planned to visit Sloane at the hospital. He’d return Sloane’s briefcase and make amends once and for all. Maybe he’d get to meet the brewery models. But there were too many risks against it. It could be a trap. What if he entered the room and the nurses and doctors were police and they drew Walther pistols and MP-5 machine guns and knocked him to the floor? Equally cool, but not worth it. 
The more Gordy considered the situation, and the more lukewarm instant coffee he drank, the worse his quandary became. There was only one reason why he had remained in the clear. Sloane really had been onto something in that archive Gordy had randomly offered up, and now Sloane didn’t want to draw attention to his find. By the same token, could this mean those skinheads really were hunting down Sloane? They might have been dispatched to prevent Sloane from pursuing his find. So, to Sloane at least, it really could appear that Gordy truly was behind all this. Gordy wanted to laugh, but all he could get out was a nervous giggle that stuck in his throat and made him cough up the instant coffee onto his toes. It was too chilling. The horror of what he had caused. He had played the trickster, and this was his trickster’s curse. 

Gordy coped by keeping busy. He hit the flea markets for some silverware, a clock radio, and more disguises (just in case). He bought a used Langenscheidt’s German for Foreigners Dictionary and a German Playboy. He had phone service reinstated in the apartment, a minor expense he was sure Gwen could afford when she arrived. He used Gwen’s name, of course. He used the new number as a good excuse to call Gwen long-distance in Seattle, but she wasn’t home, so he left the number on her machine. 
Three days later, the phone rang. He waited until the second ring to pick up. “Hier ist Fordham,” he said.
“Just say ‘Hello,’ Gord. You’re an American.” 
Tad Parkerfield. The only person who’d ever called him Gord, and only when he needed something. “Parkerfield?” Gordy said. “You’re my first call?”
“Thrilling, isn’t it?” Tad said. “What’s this Fordham bullshit?”
“What? Aw, must have been mumbling. Where are you?”
“Train station.”
“Here?”
“Yes — in Munich, and this phone booth reeks. Tell me how to get there.”
Gordy gave Tad directions. 
“Thanks champ.”
The last thing Gordy heard was a staccato rap he recognized as Tad spanking a fresh pack of Marlboros. Tad had hung up without a good-bye, like people did only on TV. But that was Tad.
Half an hour later, the doorbell rang. Gordy sounded the entry buzzer and peered out his front door as Tad made his way down his floor’s long dim corridor. Tad had on a definite Tad-outfit — suede ankle boots he called Chukkas, wrinkled khakis, an olive polo shirt too large for his slight build, and a white tee underneath. V-neck sweater wrapped around his waist. Like Gordy Tad bounced as he walked, which Gordy figured was somehow native to Estacamas — the revenge of the local white trash. Yet while Gordy bounded up and down like a lamed Sasquatch, Tad rolled and glided, like a medal-winning ice skater. He had his mother Vivian’s wavy blond hair and peach fuzz skin, his father the Senator’s patrician nose, high cheekbones and cleft chin. 
He saw Gordy and waved, his smile growing whiter as he neared. 
“Parkerfield! Hey, man.”
“Hey,” Tad said, as if they’d last seen each other yesterday instead of over two years ago. And yet, Tad’s sky blue eyes seemed to have brightened. He looked happy enough for an expatriate drifter. One might never guess he had been born into a sad American cliché and understood it all too well. Thaddeus Mitchell Parkerfield was the son of a powerful, ever-incumbent D.C. pol — Oregon’s legendary, four-term Republican Senator, Fletcher J. Parkerfield — who only returned to his home state for re-election bids and holiday photo ops. How many times had Tad joked about it? Got to know father by reading US News & World Report and Congressional Record. His mother an over-caring lush who kept him in an Oregon public high school, to which the Senator never objected. For how better to validate the populist spin the Senator revived for every tax-cut bill? 
Tad halted in the middle of Gordy’s twelve-by-ten room. “Oh, Christ,” he said, staring at the bare walls. “So this is Gwen’s doing?” 
“More or less.” 
“And there you were. At the ready. Good boy.” Tad chuckled. He tossed his brown leather daypack on the bed and stared into the bathroom across from the kitchenette. The Waschzelle, or “washing cell,” was another guinea pig relic of early ‘70s modular construction — the walls, floor, toilet, shower, sink, ceiling, everything formed from a one-piece mold of white plastic. Nicks and scratches showed everywhere. A deep cigarette burn marred the sink rim. Tad flipped the light switch and winced at the blinding white light. “My god. It’s like ‘Logan’s Run.’”
“Exactly,” Gordy said, smiling. Tad crossed the apartment to the glass wall facing outside. On the other side was a tiny balcony. Green nylon netting stretched across it, torn and clogged with feathers and bird droppings. “Pigeons,” Gordy explained. “They still squeeze through, some even choke trying. And once they’re in they’re too stupid to find their way back out.”
“Yes, but, what a view.” Tad pressed his palms to the glass, staring out. Up in the hazy gray sky loomed a massive round BMW logo, as if trapped in the netting. BMW’s headquarters stood just across the street, a skyscraper — by German standards — in the shape of three cylinders. Tad turned and grinned. “Under a beemer moon. Little cleaning up, warmer weather, I could sleep out there.”
“Sleep?”
“Okay I crash here? Just got a couple things at the station. In a locker.”
“Sure. But, for how long were you thinking?”
“I don’t know. Does it matter?” Tad frowned. “You’re worried about Gwen.”
“Course not. It’s just that, well, it is kind of cramped for you.”
Tad dropped on the bed, stretching his arms and yawning. 
Next thing Gordy knew he’d be sleeping out on the balcony — that or curled up in the washing cell. He stood over Tad, forcing a grin. “So, I have a question. Six months ago I send you a letter telling you I’m coming over. I hear nothing. And now you just show up? How’d you get my number?” 
“How else? Marty’s number leads to Gwen’s Seattle number, and then to you. Weird chick, your Gwenners. Know she actually likes Seattle? Or so she says.”
Marty was Gordy’s dad, an aging hippie Tad had always treated like some gullible preteen in marching band. Once he even got Marty high on dried cow dung. “What else did Gwen say?” Gordy said. 
“Not much. She said to say hi.”
“Oh. That all?”
“Yeah. I know what you’re thinking. She was going to call you ... real soon, she said. It’s expensive.”
“Ah. “
Tad stared out the glass, at the BMW sign. “She’s fine. You’re fine. It’s me you should be worried about. Been a lot going on. Tell you what, let’s get a brew. After all, outside this cell of yours we are in Bavaria.”
Gordy and Tad rode the escalator up from the subway, Munich’s bland train station rising at their backs. The glow of the high clouds made Gordy squint. Horns blared, motor scooters sputtered, the wind reeked of diesel, and they had a load to carry, since Tad’s “couple things” in a locker turned out to be a bulky jumbo duffel bag that jingle-jangled like a sack of tire chains, a second backpack, and a suit bag. 
“How’d you lug all that on your own?” Gordy asked, panting. “And why the suit?”
Tad wasn’t breathing hard despite the Marlboro in his mouth. “I have my ways. The suit, it comes in quite handy. In a posh city like Munich, convention hotels offer catered events every day — which means crowded buffet lines. Which means a tolerable lunch on the go. There’s also the free light breakfast for guests. If I have to, I mean.” 
“Right. Should have known.”
Tad grimaced. “Don’t tell me you don’t have your ways. Your little scams and shams. I mean, you’re here, aren’t you?”
If Tad only knew. But Gordy wasn’t about to take the bait so easily. After all he’d gone through with Sloane, it was better just to shut up. “I’m surviving,” he muttered. 
They turned into the Bayerstrasse heading east, a comatose carnival of stores unloading cheap stereos and half-price souvenirs, Turkish kebob shops, and soft-porn theaters. A tall blue sign read Mathäser Bierstadt. They pushed through double wooden doors and the smells of smoke, pork fat and malt tightened Gordy’s sinuses. Once a rival to the celebrated Hofbräuhaus, the Mathäser was a cavernous old-school beer hall much too close to the train station for its own good. The poor Mathäser, Tad explained, only did brisk business when it was able to book — or lure — a passing school or tourist group. Today the place was mostly empty. They threw Tad’s bags under a long plank table. An old waiter with a handlebar mustache appeared, sneering and giving off the minty odor of menthol rub. Tad went for a liter of dark and a shot of Jägermeister. Gordy, a lager. 
“Hear about that American who plowed into the beer wagon?” Tad said. “What a freak.”
“Yeah.”
“Yeah, you heard — or yeah he’s a freak?”
“Both.”
“Read this morning that Lowenbräu’s flying him home Lufthansa. Had a photo of him squeezed into lederhosen. Horrifying. Guy looked like a trapped insect.”
“No kidding,” Gordy said, chewing at his index fingernail, which began bleeding. He sucked on it, adding: “Here’s what I don’t get — what’s in your duffel bag anyway?”
Tad, smiling, laid a beer coaster halfway over the edge of the table, flicked it up with his fingertips and caught it on the first flip. He flicked again, caught on the second flip. Third time, third flip. “Turquoise,” he said.
“You mean, like jewelry?”
“Precisely. Germans love Native American jewelry. Go figure. Friend of mine in Freiburg, some GI — American Indian GI — he said I could move the stuff fast.”
Gordy knew Germans loved Native Americans and their turquoise. But the rest couldn’t be true. Tad had acquaintances in lots of towns, but he had few friends and certainly not GIs for friends. Besides, GIs didn’t know the university town of Freiburg, which was tucked away in the Black Forest and well within the French Zone of Occupation. Gordy had visited Tad there, four years before. Tad was on a year-long exchange program. At the time Tad had about a year to go on a BA in Political Science. After spending three years at two different Ivy League schools, Tad had come home to the University of Oregon, where he managed to get himself put on academic probation and kicked out of two fraternities. The exchange had seemed like a good way to lay low. He hadn’t come home since. “Been cold-calling boutiques, stuff like that,” Tad continued. “On the road mostly. Lets me travel. I’m breaking even.”
The waiter dropped off the liter beers and the shot of Jäger, thick and brown like cough syrup. Gordy lifted his liter glass and made Tad toast the Bavarian way — touch glasses at the bottom, hit the table once, always make eye contact. “Prost.” 
“Cheers, dork.” Tad sipped at beer, then downed the shot. He lit a Marlboro, sucked on it. 
For most of the first liter Gordy told Tad about his book proposal, and how it had backfired. Tad, sighing a barrel of smoke, said he would have bought the paperback. The white lie was nice of him. By their second liter, the Mathäser Bierstadt was filling up. A group of clean-cut American students had filed in, and the oompa band started up. The old waiters passed shoving along carts loaded down with plates of baseball-sized dumplings and pork slabs smelling sweet from their marinade. Gordy’s stomach throbbed. He considered splurging on a sausage or a couple pretzels, but his principles won out. The day’s budget had been earmarked for big beers. 
A couple of the American girls wandered over to their table, as if by accident. Tad groaned and rubbed at his eyes. The girls were cute and a little drunk and Gordy thought their Minnesota accents fascinating. Tad snapped: “Can’t you see we’re talking here? Hello?” and the girls hurried off, glaring back as if they’d just seen a mammoth cockroach on the wall. 
Tad stood. His eyes were bloodshot. An eyelid sagged. He kicked at the duffel bag. “Want the truth? Need these turquoise trinkets like a hole in the head, and I can’t get rid of the crap. Come on.” 
Gordy followed Tad outside, to the beer garden. Dusk was turning the linden trees’ leaves blue, and the empty tables shined from the beer hall’s tall windows. They pulled stacked chairs over and dropped the bags under a table. Tad took a long drink of beer. Gordy did the same. Beer ran off his chin and he wiped it away with his bloodied finger. Tad sighed, and said: 
“So. For a long time I thought the best I could do, provided I made up with the Senator, finished school, et cetera, was go for something that wouldn’t touch him. That couldn’t harm his career. State Department, something like that.” He reached for an ashtray, twisted out his cigarette and watched it smolder. “Gord, have you ever heard of the term ‘outing?’”
“Outing. You mean a picnic? A day trip.”
“No. Like the verb. Outing, as in forcing someone who’s gay, homosexual, whatever ‘out of the closet,’ as they call it. Exposing someone famous. Or, better yet, someone infamous.”
“I read something about that before I left. Spin, I think — Rolling Stone?”
“There you go. Here’s the deal. When employed effectively, this outing, it helps reveal the true nature of many in power. See, the biggest hypocrites and liars are often the ones accusing gays of being immoral. Even when they, the accusers, are gay too.” 
“Article I read said the outers, outing people, whatever might be getting too fanatical. Too militant? Called them ‘Fuchsia Fascists.’” 
“‘Lavender Fascists.’ And they’re not all gay, I’ll have you know.” Tad lit another cigarette, shook the match out. “I’ll put this to you as straight as I can. What if I told you, the Senator was a closet homosexual?”
For some reason Gordy pictured the Senator with his shirt off, his breasts sagging and his shoulder hairs glowing in the sunlight. He fought a nervous chuckle. “Sorry. You sure? I mean, how do you know? You hardly see him.”
“You hear things. Viv’s claimed it enough times. Three tumblers of gin and she starts right in. Why you think he keeps her in Oregon?”
“Wow. Okay.” Gordy drank. To understand, one must sometimes whet the brain. “So, why tell me —”
“I don’t have a problem with the lifestyle,” Tad continued as if Gordy hadn’t responded. “I love Gore Vidal. And the more gay Senators, the merrier. Barney Frank does a great job, he shows conviction.”
“Barney Frank?”
“Two-faced assholes like the Senator need a good slap. That’s the goal, anyway. Because their hiding it is a crime against the rest who are — will — be persecuted.” 
Gordy set down his beer. He wasn’t shocked so much as bored, since Tad seemed to be lecturing from memorized notes. Besides, he thought he might be weak with hunger. If a waiter dared come out he’d go for a Weisswurst mit Brezel. 
“I’ll get to the point,” Tad said. “Some friends back east, from when I was in school there — Princeton — they want me to ... well, do it myself. It’d be a short piece for Outweek that they’d polish up. Vivian would support me.”
“You’re serious.” Gordy’s hunger had vaporized. Beer was the right way now.
Tad shrugged. “There’s tricky stuff going on back home, Gord. The Cold War’s over. Enemies are harder to finger and politics is getting personal. Even dinosaurs like the Senator are going to be forced into attacking people for their ways of living.” He watched his cigarette smolder. “Ever hear of a group back home called the OCU? Oregon Citizens Union?” Gordy shook his head. “You will. More righteous the group, the more mean they get. If a lifestyle can be restricted, then what can’t be touched? Think about that. Think about it while we’re sitting here in Munich, the former birthplace of Nazi-ism.”
“You’re right. Yes. Screw the OCU. Still, it’s not like you to take a stand.”
Tad, nodding, stabbed out the cigarette. “I know. Believe me. They’re demanding my commitment back home. But, things are getting complicated. Some hardcores called Queer Power have gotten involved, and when the story breaks they’re sure to bring me home. Interviews, photos, crap like that. And, well, I guess I’d have to.” He looked up into the blackening sky, where no stars yet shone. 
“But, what if this outing thing backfires? You know, like my book thing.”
“Backfires,” Tad said, leaning back and smiling as if he’d remembered the name of a song, “yes, that’s just what I’m afraid of, champ. Because the Senator, well, he doesn’t take anything laying down.”

FIVE

And so Tad Parkerfield moved on in. He slept on Gordy’s floor, and the pigeons loved him. Before Tad came, they broke through the netting every night and cooed and scratched until Gordy threw a shoe or book at the glass. Now, with Tad there on the floor, his head close to the glass, the pigeons made not a sound. They snuggled up to the glass and slept as soundly as Tad, all in a line, their feet tucked under mangy gray and white feathers.
Gordy had a much bigger problem than Tad in his pad. Only a couple days were left before Ray Sloane was heading home, and Gordy still had Sloanes’ shiny gray vinyl briefcase. Before Tad showed up, Gordy had gone through the briefcase only once. Sloane had a Langenscheidt’s in there, and a dictionary of Nazi party jargon. His archive notebook. But Sloane had scribbled his notes in what appeared to be his own brand of German-English, or Germish. And then it got weirder. In the margins Sloane had doodled toothy chipmunks (possibly squirrels) wearing bikinis and dominatrix leather. At the bottom of the case, riding on candy wrappers, wads of lint, and fingernail clippings, could be found a well-worn Rubik’s Cube, a white terry-cloth tennis visor, and a German Hustler. Unsettled by it all, Gordy had pushed Sloane’s briefcase to a dark back corner of his Formica kindergarten cabinet, buried under his growing pile of dirty laundry. He had resolved to make secret photocopies of Sloane’s notes. But then Tad stowed his jumbo duffel bag of turquoise, his extra backpack, and suit bag in the cabinet — all right on top of Sloane’s camouflaged briefcase. 
And there the thing sat as Tad spent his first morning harping on Gordy about his future. Tad actually said: “When are you going to get your shit together?” He was like the father Gordy’s dad Marty could never be. The only time Marty got angry was when Gordy refused to help out with “Marty’s Solstice Weekend,” the annual neighborhood street party that Marty invented. To Gordy’s horror, Marty danced around in a tie-dyed clown smock and a red reggae dreadlocks wig. Tad was the Anti-Marty. Yet Gordy would resist him. He was going to stick it out in Munich. He could hack it. He could have written that travel book. He’d had high school and college German, and spent enough time in Germany to get away with the language. Like Tad he’d always been bookish. But he’d always studied on his own. Academia was not his deal. One semester he had sat in on a graduate-level history seminar called “Fascism on Film.” He could not resist correcting the professor. He corrected him often. He attempted to conduct class when the professor was fifteen minutes late. He was then barred from the class. And yet he’d shrugged it off. Historical methods did not concern him. Living did. It would be the same in Munich. He would bounce back. He could always find under-the-table work to keep him going. He certainly had a range of skills. Back home he’d worked in libraries and bookstores, in a pub that brewed its own beer (they called it a microbrewery), and in a coffee shop — for a Seattle company called Starbucks, which had opened their first Portland location. He was, he could boast, the first Starbucks employee to be fired outside of Seattle. 
If only Gordy could tell Tad the whole story. Despite the possible danger, he was going to pick up where Sloane had left off. Somehow. Sloane had been sure his treasured secret documents involved proof that Hitler had ordered the Holocaust — the very smoking-gun evidence that historians had always lacked even though the murdered and murderer were clear. It was the final proof to silence the neo-Nazi-naysayers and Nazi-apologists once and for all. This was the Holy Grail Sloane was after. If only Gordy knew where Sloane’s so-called girlfriend lived, he would go to her first. Perhaps he could run into her somewhere? He would just have to hope. He certainly was due some good luck. Like Portland, Munich was already turning out to be even smaller than it looked. 

All Gordy needed was to get at Sloane’s notes and photocopy them without Tad knowing. On the second morning, a Tuesday, Gordy had it set up. He had suggested they go antique hunting. Just as Gordy presumed, Tad had shook his head and said: “I understand how you love regalia, Gord, but let me get this straight — you propose me and you finger through tarnished belt buckles and nappy tunics in some cluttered and stuffy Old Town Laden? Forget it.”
Gordy had shrugged. “That’s cool. I could go on my own.” 
And that was that. All he had to do now was transfer the notes to his daypack.
They drank instant coffee. The sublet had a tiny black-and-white TV that crackled and snowed for no reason (Gordy suspected the pigeons, but how could he prove it?). Bonanza was on, followed by Der Denver Clan (Dynasty). Tad, bored, decided to take a shower. He went into the washing cell and shut the door behind him, leaving it cracked since the washing cell had no fan. Gordy heard Tad twist the shower dial, and the water roared in-between the walls, muting the dubbed Bonanza. 
Gordy tiptoed to the cabinet. He opened the door. The cabinet was deep, and he had to lunge to get a good grip on Tad’s bags. First he set the duffel bag on the bed, and then the backpack. 
A humid fog of shower steam was rolling through the room. In the washing cell Tad was singing — “Der Kommissar,” from Falco. Gordy, giggling at that, rested Tad’s suit bag on top of the duffel bag. 
A small, stub-barreled pistol flopped out, onto the bed. Gordy stared at it. He squinted, and he blinked, but the pistol refused to go away. It shined silver. 
“Stupid of me, huh?” Tad was standing across the bed in a towel, dripping. 
“What is it?” Gordy blurted.
“What’s it look like?”
“A pistol?”
“Actually, it’s a revolver.” 
“Whatever. What’s a revolver doing in my closet?”
Tad smiled. He held up a finger. He went back and turned off the shower, and came back out in a faded blue robe belted with a shoelace. “Go ahead. Pick it up if you want.”
Guns should have been perfect fodder for Gordy’s curiosity — who made them, what year, who wore them in what army. Yet he’d only seen real guns on TV, or behind museum glass, on a rent-a-cop at Denny’s. But here was this wild gleaming beast come looking for him. He sat on the farthest end of the bed, as if the revolver might fire on its own accord.
“It’s not loaded,” Tad said.
Gordy lifted the gun by the end of the black grip and let it hang, like detectives did on cop shows.
“It’s the Senator’s,” Tad said. “Gift from the State Police Superintendent. Gifts and favors, that’s what that shit’s all about.” 
“So, why isn’t it on his wall or something? In a case.”
Instead of answering, Tad took the revolver and spoke to it. “Two incher. Colt Detective’s Special, six shot thirty-eight.” Holding it sideways, he let the cylinder flop out, showing six empty chambers, and then he shut the cylinder and spun it. 
“How come you know so much about guns? I’m serious. You’re freaking me out. What else don’t I know about you?”
Tad frowned. “Don’t worry. I don’t have ammo for it.” 
“But you might have.” Gordy’s pulse was racing. He was up and bouncing on the balls of his feet, the sweat from all the steam rolling down his face. He bolted over to the glass balcony door, slammed it shut, and then pulled the curtain closed. “Don’t you know how this makes me look?” he blurted. “What if the police had decided to come now? Talk about busted. This isn’t America, Tad. Guns are dangerous here.”
Tad stared. His mouth shifted one way, then the other, as if he’d gotten a sinewy shred of pork stuck in his teeth. He walked over, held Gordy steady by the shoulders, and sat him down on the bed. 
“Why would the police come here? Huh, Gord? What have you done?” 

Tad prepared Gordy another mug of instant coffee and poured in an ample double shot of Jägermeister. Gordy drank. And Gordy caved. He told Tad everything about Ray Sloane, about pretending to be a Fulbright, about the find he had helped uncover on accident and the dangers to his person, the chase that lead to the famous beer wagon, and even the briefcase in the cabinet. 
Tad fell back on the bed, hysterical with laughter. So hard did he laugh that his mouth opened wide but no sound came out, his eyes squeezed shut, and his hands shook and flapped. The casual observer might believe he was having a form of epileptic fit — a grand mal seizure. 
Tad sprung up. “That part about the skinheads?” he howled. “No way, it’s too good. And dangerous? My ass.”
Gordy waited, seething, his hands clasped in his lap. 
Tad went on. “Talk about shams. Man! And you’ve only been here a couple weeks.”
Gordy hadn’t told him about the girl, Jane. That would remain his secret, for now. He could only take so much ridicule. 
“Awesome, it’s awesome,” Tad sputtered. He went out on the balcony and tried to light a Marlboro but more laughter kept blowing out the flame. 
Meanwhile, Gordy put Sloane’s shiny briefcase out on the bed. He set out Sloane’s notepad for Tad. He tucked Tad’s gun back in the suit bag and heaved Tad’s three bags back in the cabinet. Tad watched him through the glass, smoking. His grin fading. Back inside Tad poured himself a Jäger coffee. He sat on the bed and took the notepad in his lap. He cleared his throat. He thumbed through Sloane’s pages. His face went blank, and then a little pale. 
“Horrifying. Are they chipmunks, or squirrels?”
“Very funny.” Gordy snatched the notepad from Tad. “I’m going to photocopy this. Before I do, you can tell me about your gun. I spilled my guts, now you can spill yours.”
“Touché. You are good.” Tad stood. “Can I have another smoke first?”
“No.”
“All right.” Tad sat back down, pulled his robe closed, and tightened the belt. “There’s nothing to tell really. Vivian insisted. Silly lady, she sent it in the mail, can you believe that? Stuffed inside a new Polo shirt. The Senator has no idea.” 
“Really? I guess I’m not sure what to think.”
Tad gave Gordy a long, hard look. He rubbed his hands on the robe, as if they were coated with grease. “This isn’t fair to you, is it? No. You’re letting me stay here. You put your trust in me. So let me get dressed and we’ll talk, okay? No more secrets, I promise.”

Tad donned khakis, a white V-neck tee, and the oval eyeglasses he got on German insurance. He took the plastic chair at the flimsy desk and stared out at the BMW sign. The cheap, yet elegant wire-frames made his features more delicate. His cheeks still shined pink from the shower. Like this he looked even less like someone who needed a gun.
Gordy handed Tad a bottle of lager, then dropped on the bed. “Start talking.” 
Tad peeled the label. He took a sip. He peeled some more. Staring into the label. “I started free-lancing over two years ago. It was the Senator’s idea. The Senator had called on a Committee contact in the State Department and arranged for me to be given farm-out work through the embassy — organize cultural exchanges, lend a helping hand during crises, stuff like that. Good Sam stuff. Was what they called a ‘dependable expat.’ Soon after this, the Berlin bureau recruited me.”
“The bureau? You telling me you joined the CIA?”
“No. Oh, no. I never joined anything. This was farm-out work. Political analysis, minor recruiting and informing, the occasional harmless drop. I was still the loser abroad I always was, only now I had temp jobs. I really did — do — scam lunches from hotel banquets and sell turquoise jewelry, but the odd agency assignment, it allowed me to take the train instead of hitchhiking. You know? They used me; I used them.” Tad looked up from the label.
“Thanks. So, you couldn’t tell anyone. Does the Senator know?” 
“Doubt it. No reason why he should.” 
“So why the gun?”
Tad set the bottle on the desk. It was still full, sweating cold drops. “That’s the crazy part. I don’t want to free-lance anymore, Gord. I don’t like being on-call like that, never knowing when they might decide to promote you, to ‘enhance’ your role in this or that project.” He leaned forward, his forearms across his knees. “I don’t know why I told mom. Guess I needed someone who could listen, but when I did she freaked out. Sent me the gun. She thought I’d be in some kind of danger — which I’m not, of course.”
“I never heard you call her Mom before. Maybe she’s read too many spy thrillers.” 
“You think? I’d like to think so. But it’s more likely she’d popped too many pills. And now, I’ve gotten used to having the thing around.” Tad chuckled. “Even if it is unloaded and I don’t know how to shoot it.” He was staring out the window again. A pigeon was fighting its way through the netting to him. “Any case, the agency let me be. My contact, Maurice” — he said the name mockingly, almost bitterly — “told me that it was ‘with great regret’ that they let me go my own way.” 
Tad was frowning at the pigeon, but Gordy couldn’t tell if Tad wanted it to fail or succeed. “Now I know you must be telling the truth,” Gordy said “— about staying amateur, I mean. Because no seasoned operative I ever read about would reveal his contact’s name and gender.” And he felt a twinge of pride at his observation. He wondered if he himself would be a good operative — “officer,” they called it. After all, he remembered details and wasn’t too striking in a crowd. 
The pigeon flew off. Tad sighed, reaching for the beer bottle.
“Thanks for telling me,” Gordy added. 
“Sure,” Tad said. He pressed his hands to his thighs. “Okay, dork, you better get going if you want to find that copy shop.” He flashed a grin. “I’ll hold the fort here.” 
“Great.” Gordy opened the cabinet to gather his things. 
“But keep your eyes peeled for roughneck skinheads hell-bent on a historical document obsession,” Tad said, grinning again. “Then again, you could always attack them with a portable word processor.” 
Gordy refused to look at Tad. 
“Okay, seriously? There might be something juicy in that guy’s notes — that is, once we get past the doodles. And I’d love to help, if you’ll let me.” 
“Sure. I will.”
Gordy headed out, his bomber jacket zipped up high to keep the cold Alpine wind from blowing down his neck. He took the U-Bahn to Schwabing, where he struggled to find a copy shop even though this was the university district. It took him two copy machines, twenty precious marks, and a good hour to copy all of Sloane’s notes. By now it was colder, the sky dimming. 
Next stop, Ray Sloane’s apartment. But first, Gordy pulled a disguise from his daypack — a battered orange and teal ski coat, a red-and-blue Bayern Munich stocking cap, and the large dark sunglasses. 
Sloane rented in the short and neat Dunantstrasse, just north of Schwabing. His building was a gray, postwar, mock-modern box that looked more like something out of East Germany (or so Gordy imagined). He approached the foyer door, but the glass was obscure and all he could make out was that the foyer was dark. He wouldn’t get in without ringing a buzzer and announcing himself. But what would he say? For a moment, to his disgust, he thought of using Tad’s name. He waited a while, pacing back and forth out front, hoping for a tenant he could follow in, although that would probably cause more problems. No one came. 
From a second-story window he saw a lacy white curtain crack open, then fall shut. Sloane’s place was on the second floor, he recalled. He backed away, across the street. He walked once around the block, meeting no one. He returned to across the street from the building, and wished he had a phone booth or at least a telephone pole to keep him company. He stood with his back to an iron fence, rocking on his heels. 
In a flash he saw someone looking out from one corner of the building — long overcoat, a cap with built-in earmuffs pulled way down, and dark glasses even larger than his. Then the person pulled back. Gordy started one way, then the other. Best not to react too soon. He had one of Tad’s cigarettes in his mouth. He thought of lighting it, if he only had a match. 
He heard a siren in the distance, and it seemed to grow louder. 
He saw the person peeking again, this time from the opposite corner of the building — from behind a severely pruned linden tree. Could it be true? How long had they been watching him? How many more could there be?
He ran, turned a corner. An old man rushed by on his bicycle and Gordy almost hit him. The man barked something in Bavarian dialect and kicked at Gordy at the last second. A thick shoe caught Gordy in the knee and Gordy fell. The man rode on, laughing and yelling “Watch out you sow!” What an asshole. If he only knew what Gordy knew.
It was late afternoon. The sky was darkening fast, and thick sheets of hail and rain clattered at the sidewalk. Gordy ran on, for the Dietlindenstrasse station, and joined the throngs heading down escalators into the subway. Looking back he thought he saw those larger dark glasses coming down the escalator. But how could he be sure? 

SIX

Gordy traveled one stop south, to the Münchner Freiheit station. He took the first up-escalator he saw. Late-afternoon shoppers and hungover tourists jammed the bustling Ludwigstrasse, which made it slow going. The hail had stopped. Patches of blue sky released a wild golden light that made people squint and run into each other. Gordy headed a couple blocks west, making for the north end of the English Garden. He passed through a scrawny wood, entered a meadow crisscrossed with trails, and dropped on a park bench, panting, and breathing in the sweetness of wet grass. He scanned the park for his pursuer but saw nothing too suspicious, at least as far as the English Garden was concerned. A crowd of drenched young Neo-hippies passed lugging bongo drums and sharing a joint. A gang of elderly nude sunbathers marched toward the sunlit meadow wearing cheap see-through rain jackets over nothing but their goose pimples. 
Who the hell could have been watching him back at Sloane’s? Gordy’s mind raced with questions, dilemmas. Just what had he done to Sloane? And why those fierce skinheads? He had to get at whatever was in that archive. And then there was Tad Parkerfield. And why, oh why, did nude sunbathers dare come out in October? Could he really have any more on his mind? 
Then he remembered — leaving the sublet he’d grabbed a letter from his mailbox. It was from Gwen, and he’d hesitated to open it, for letters hadn’t been kind to him recently. He pulled off his large sunglasses, set his backpack on the bench, and pulled out the letter. Since it was now October, Gwen had stuck a smiling pumpkin sticker on the envelope. It contained only one page. Gwen was working as a bartender in a Seattle rock club, she wrote, which seemed weird to Gordy because she hated loud music and cigarette smoke — even though she’d always told people she met that she loved “rock shows” and missed smoking now that she’d quit. She assumed Tad Parkerfield had reached him by now, and she hoped everything was going okay. She didn’t want Tad to demoralize him. She wrote: “Since I do care about your feelings ... I feel I should tell you that I’ve been seeing a certain someone for over a month now ...”
Gordy made a snorting noise. His next reaction was relief he hadn’t written her yet. Surely he would have gone all sappy and told her how he missed her. This was just like Gwen, he thought — wait till he was most vulnerable. Who could her “certain someone” be? What could it be? A construction contractor with four kids? A drag queen in prison? A lesbian porno star. His heart squeezed tight, and a prickly nausea swelled in his throat. He imagined them. He pictured it. Mustache rides. The conjugal overnight prison stay. A double-ended, neon-blue dildo strapped on.
“PS: I don’t know how to say this ... so I’ll just say it ... If this lasts, I might bring him over with me ... in which case it probably wouldn’t be good with the three of us in the sublet ... I’ll let you know!”
She’d let him know? At least she’d revealed it was a guy. Gordy hated the way she wrote. Why did she have to write so many ellipses? 
The sun passed behind clouds again. Beyond the tree-lined meadow, a gleaming half-rainbow stretched above the spires of Old Town. Some late afternoon park goers strolled through the meadow. A matronly Frau with a dachshund passed, the Frau in a gray mink and her hair tinted a color like plum. She chirped a “good day” but Gordy could only open his mouth and bear teeth.
“Hell-o, again,” said a singsong voice. From behind Gordy, a woman was moving around to the front of the bench. It was Sloane’s woman. Jane.
“Well, hi,” Gordy said. “Jane?”
“Gordon.” Jane was smiling. Her cheeks had flushed red, absorbing her freckles.
Gordy’s heart raced now. “What are you doing here?” He crammed Gwen’s letter in his pack, looking all around. “I mean, it might not be safe. “
“No?” Jane looked around, rocking on her heels. She too had a pack. It was brown leather like his. As at Oktoberfest she had on jeans, a black tee, and the three-quarter-length leather jacket.
Gordy remembered his disguise. He yanked off his Bayern Munich stocking cap and glared at it as if a passing bird had just dropped it on his head. “I think I was being followed,” he explained. 
Jane was looking at his hair, her brow wrinkled. He touched his head and bits of red and blue thread stuck between his fingers. 
“Cheap acrylic knit,” he muttered. “It’s all a disguise, this too —” He tore off the orange and teal ski jacket and heaved it at his feet. “Sit down, please. Just act normal.”
“All right.” Jane sat upright with her feet and knees together, her hands set on her knees. “Like so?”
“Yes. Good.” Gordy whispered. “We may be in danger. You see, I have Ray’s briefcase. In my pack — no, don’t look. I was on my way to bring it to him.”
Jane, nodding, reached over and picked more acrylic threads out of Gordy’s hair. She blew them off her fingers like daisy pedals. “I know that,” she said.
“You know. Right. Wait. You do?” Gordy grabbed the pack and hugged it. He shot up. “How do you know?”
Jane stood her pack on her lap. Gordy stepped back. From her pack Jane drew out the long overcoat, the hat with built-in earflaps, and the even larger dark glasses. She did this with a flourish, waving a hand like a magician’s assistant, and Gordy couldn’t help but think of a striptease act, and so much so that it aroused him. He sat, making sure to keep his own pack over his lap.
Jane sighed. “It was Ray’s idea. I had no wish to deceive you. To be spying. The poor Ray. He stays in his flat hiding. He only wants to leave on the airplane tomorrow. This is all he thinks about —” 
Gordy stood again. He’d just made a horrible mistake, he realized — by admitting to having Sloane’s suitcase, he’d just put himself at the scene of Sloane’s accident; and this could make him look, to Jane, like the very conspirator Sloane had believed he was. 
Jane was watching him, her head cocked to one side. He held out a hand to calm her. “You — you must think I’m something awful. But you shouldn’t be scared of me. Ray, I know, he thinks, he believes that I’m with them, conspiring to get at the documents — whatever they are, but I’m not. I’m not I tell you. I’m not!” He had stepped back, hugging his pack again. What was he doing? He sounded like Peter Lorré, or the uncovered murderer in a “Perry Mason” episode.
“And you tell me to act normal?” Jane said. Her voice had hardened. “Now you sit. Go on, sit.” She was pointing at the bench, stabbing at it. 
Gordy sat, the pack back on his lap. “All right.”
“Gut. Danke.” She pushed her pack aside. “Yes, Ray tells me this, but I don’t believe it. Because Ray is, how do you say? Der spinnt — he spins.”
“He’s nuts. A fiend. Not to mention, a freak with elongated claws for arms.”
“What?”
“Nothing. He’s paranoid.” 
“Paranoid, yes — that’s the word. Ach, I do believe there is something to be found in that archive. Ray was too sure of this. I also believe there may be dangers. Dangers always exist when the neo-Nazis are involved. Yet I am not as sure that these skinhead types — these neo-Nazis — are capable of causing the danger. Not the types you’re speaking of, in any case. They would not know where to begin with historical documents, this is certain.”
“Uh, I’m not so sure of that, of any of it. I saw them with my own eyes. The only thing worse was Ray Sloane — pissed off, that is.”
“Perhaps. But the old Ray, he died with all that spilled beer. He is — how do you say — a broken man. Something has inside him given it up.” Jane drew closer. “I am only certain of one factor. Ray, and you, are much smarter than any neo-Nazis. You see, I once thought all Americans were stupid. Not now.” 
“Thanks. But, I wouldn’t place any bets just yet.”
Jane held up a finger. She pointed toward the meadow and trees. “Did you know, an American designed our English Garden?” 
“True,” Gordy said, reciting from his tourist guide. “Benjamin Thompson, alias Baron Rumford. He’d moved to England in the late 1700’s and sided with King George. Somehow the guy ended up Bavarian War Minister, and now we’re sitting here.” 
Jane patted Gordy’s knee. “See now? You are smart. And you know Munich.”
“Not really. I’ve been here less than a month.” 
“After all, how else does one become a Scholar named Fulbright?”
“What? Oh. Yes. Thanks.”
Jane smiled wide, showing all her teeth. One near the front was smaller and crooked. It was cute. It was a snaggle tooth. (Gwen, on the other hand, wore braces for three years). What to say now? Gordy battled the urge to bite his nails. On the horizon, the sun had become a hill of orange and pinkish haze. Jane gazed at it as if she owned it. It painted her cheeks and petite nose, and Gordy stole glances of her. She had wrinkles at the corners of her mouth and eyes, though she couldn’t be more than five years older. Ten at the most. “I like the going-down of the sun,” she said.
“Me too.”
“My real name is Jutta. Jutta Auermann. But the silent J is too hard for the English speakers. So I choose Jane for you.” 
“Call me Gordy. Gordon’s too formal. Alles klar?”
“Yup.” She shivered a little, rubbing at her arms. 
“So, uh, Jane, can I walk you somewhere? It’s getting cold.”
“Yes. This would be nice, Gordy. But first, why don’t you give me Ray’s briefcase?”
Gordy pulled back. “Now? Why?” 
 Jane shrugged. “Ray would like it. I will take it to him. However, you must understand that he’s not going to pursue your archive any further. This is the good news for you. The beer wagon smash was for him too much, as I say. He only wants to study his Bavarian Farmer’s Movement. So nice and safe. Besides,” she said, adding a snicker, “he would never let you visit him. He despises you.”
“Well. All right.” Gordy reached in his pack and handed over the briefcase. Jane slipped it into her backpack. “Just be careful,” he added.

Evening darkened the trees and Old Town spires, and the rain dropped in random splatters. As Gordy and Jane followed winding cobblestone streets in search of a café, Gordy asked the typical American’s questions and Jane answered in short bursts. What did she do? She owned a small used bookstore. Where? On the edge of Schwabing. Why? Books had saved her. 
“From what?” Gordy said, holding a Herald Tribune over her head. They were crossing the Marienplatz and the rain hit harder. 
“The past. A too-wild lifestyle. Black thoughts.”
Gordy saw Berlin in the 70s. Rock shows, drummer boyfriends, doing heroin. Maybe she’d met Bowie, or Iggy Pop? Jagger even. Then he recalled how the Red Army Faction and the Baader-Meinhoff gang had terrorized West Germany. Bombs had gone off, public figures assassinated.
Jane pushed away the newspaper. “What? Why do you stare so?”
“Nothing. How come books? Did you go to university?”
“No. Not possible for me. In West Germany this is not as easy as in the US. One is born into a life here. It’s a track that begins and ends on the same track. Unless one fights for what they need.”
“Only problem with that is, you have to know what you need. Or want.”
“Yes. Come along.” She led him into a café beyond the St. Peter church. The smells of pastry glaze, coffee beans and hot, sweet milk warmed Gordy. Jane unbuttoned her black leather jacket. Gordy touched it. 
“Those lapels? Far too wide for 1990,” he said. 
“Excuse me? Who are you being, a Mr. Fashion Designer?”
“Believe me, that’s a compliment. It’s of the highest caliber. French Motorcycle Corps, I’m guessing, circa 1940.”
“Yes,” Jane said, feeling the hem. “A vintage article. How did you know?”
Gordy shrugged. “I just know. Fulbrighter, after all.”
They chatted awhile, watching the raindrops patter at the window.
“I like you Americans, but I’m not overly thankful for you and I don’t necessarily think you won the Cold War,” Jane said. 
“And West Germans?” 
“Hah! Germans wouldn’t be so bad if we knew how to relax outside of the time we set aside to relax.” 
The waitress dropped off two trays. On each was a cup and saucer, packets of cream and sugar, and a mini pot of coffee. The chocolate raspberry torte was for Gordy. Jane poured from her little pot. “I want you to know that Ray and I are not lover-friends anymore.” Lover-friends? As she said it her teeth clenched, which Gordy found sexy — and a little freaky. Which he also found sexy. She lifted her cup with both hands, the steam vapors dancing up her cheekbones, and her chest under her v-neck tee bobbed and compressed at the edge of the table as she drank. Gordy fought the urge to gape. 
“I want you to tell me more about you,” Jane said. “You are a Fulbright Scholar historian, is this correct?”
“Yes. That’s right.” 
Jane was smiling, waiting for more. Americans always told their life stories on first contact so why should he be any different? Unless he had something to hide, that was. And so, Gordy did it again. Went for it. He said he was a grad student at the University of Oregon (which he had actually attended for less than a year, as an undergrad). “Oh, let’s see,” he went on, “I was Dean’s List and Honors College and, uh, Summa Cum Laude. In Modern History. Europe, mostly.” Jane’s green eyes had lit up, so how could he stop? “I’ve been accepted to UC Berkeley to finish my PhD, but I’m shooting for Johns Hopkins.”
“Ray was jealous, I should think.”
“Oh, it’s nothing big. If anything, I’d say he’s got the brighter future ahead of him. Sometimes the yellow brick road is, you know, a curse.”
“Yes, this can be true.” Jane paused to look out the window, her eyes fixed on a single drop of rain. She repeated it in German. 
In German Gordy said, roughly, that a bookstore sounded a lot better to him than a PhD. She spoke more German to him. He answered as best he could. Was she testing him? He did notice she had no Munich-Bavarian accent.
“Your German is not poor,” she said, “although it could be better if one considers your credentials.”
“Thanks. Right.”
“I have helped Ray with his research. German is kompliziert. I can help you.” 
I’d like nothing better, Gordy wanted to say. But he had to preserve a way out of the Fulbright line. It would serve as a small test of her genuineness. He followed a drop of rain until it found the windowsill, and then he made his face go sad, like a sad, sad kitten’s. “I don’t know. Sometimes I think of giving it all up.” Sighing, he pushed his torte aside. “I was thinking of travel writing. You know, with some history in it.”
Jane’s little snaggle tooth bored into her lip. “No. This is not a good idea for you.” 
“I was just thinking. That’s all.” 
“Thinking,” Jane muttered. She glared at her pot. “My pot’s empty.”
Gordy poured her coffee from his pot, but she didn’t drink it. She pulled her jacket closed, leaned back, and folded her arms across her chest. “You Americans, you have it easy. Don’t you? Don’t you?” 
“What? I don’t know. Not all of us. You got it good too. We don’t all get health insurance. Our beer sucks. And our coffee? Shit.”
“These are clichés. I am not interested in clichés. Clichés do not last.” 
“No, you’re right. We are spoiled. All of us. Spoiled rotten. And fat. And our beer and coffee are getting better fast. Soon you’ll all be hooked. And we’ll all be fat together.” 
This made Jane laugh, a loud series of bursts that made the thick women in smocks behind the counter glare and shake their heads. “And you are funny too, you Amis.” Amis being slang for Americans.
“Thanks,” Gordy said. “I think.”
Jane sucked in her laugh. Her smile vanished. She leaned forward, her voice low. “So, what was Ray Sloane after? Eh? Something about the Holocaust, but he would not tell. Only you know, he said.” 
Gordy chuckled. He shrugged. 
“You can tell me, yes? After Ray goes home?”
“Uh, sure.”
“And I’ll help you. As I helped Ray. All right?”
“Yeah. Okay.”
“Gut.” Jane nodded for the waitress and paid. She stood and maneuvered her way out around the tables. Gordy bounded after, grazing chairs. Jane pushed out the door. Gordy followed her into the black side street, all chilly and wet. The street delivered them onto a plaza with a towered arch — Sendlinger Tor. 
“Thanks for the briefcase,” Jane said. “But if I were you, I would have copied those notes of Ray Sloane’s.”
“Maybe I already did? Did you think of that, Jane aka Jutta Auermann?”
“Yes. Yes, I have. And I am glad that you did too, Gordon.”
“Please, it’s Gordy.”
Jane gave Gordy a last once-over, the yellow streetlights lending her skin the glow of honey. Balancing on her toes, she reached up and messed his hair. Then she stuffed a business card into his breast pocket. “Do you have a phone? Ring me when you have the time.”
“Okay. Great. I will,” Gordy said, wanting to ask her out tomorrow already. The next day was October 3, 1990 — the first-ever Day of German Unity. The Federal Republic’s ten Western states were officially adopting its six poor brothers from the East, which officially made Communist East Germany no better than a historical experiment, a riddle and a joke. West Germans were not ecstatic about re-unification. So maybe she’d want to see a movie? But he told himself to hold off and let things cool down before he was telling her he wasn’t just a Fulbrighter, he’d also invented the three-and-a-half-inch floppy disk format and owned a DeLorean. 
He watched her vintage French motorcycle jacket sway and swing and mix with the darkness. “So, yeah, I’ll call ya!” he blurted when she was almost off the square. 
She waved and turned the corner.
Down in the subway, Gordy pulled her card from his pocket. “Buchhandlung Auermann,” it read. On the train he pulled it out again and smiled at it, and then he grinned at the riders who stared at him for smiling. He then went to tuck the card into the pocket of his pack where he put all cards and letters. But Gwen’s letter was in there, the stupid pumpkin sticker smiling back at him. So he put Jutta’s card back in his breast pocket, and patted it for safekeeping. Then he began to bite his nails, and by the time his train pulled up to his Olympiazentrum stop he’d drawn blood on the cuticle of his left pinkie. 

SEVEN

Tad spent the same afternoon in phone booths, making calls to Berlin. Looking distraught, he then left the next morning for Berlin to, as he put it, “tie up loose ends with station.” Left alone, Gordy was ready to give this beast called academic research in a foreign country a good petting. He started by calling the Bavarian State Archive and identifying himself as an American scholar inquiring about using their materials. Three different unintelligible operators transferred him at will, and he held. His German stank on the phone, and his English got him nowhere (Munich street cleaners probably knew more English than the archive operators). Finally he was connected to the Herr Archivrat, Mr. Archival Advisor, a man with a thick Bavarian accent. All Gordy understood were the words Gnädig’ Frau, which meant, more or less, “ma’am.”
“Is this a three-way call? Some kind of party line?” Gordy had said, thinking a woman was listening in. 
Mr. Archival Advisor chuckled and muttered “Nein, Gnädige Frau, bitte, nein ...”
And Gordy understood the Archival Advisor’s error. So he went with it. He introduced himself as Frau Doe, and lightened his voice a bit. Giggled. Now Mr. Archival Advisor sounded helpful. He switched to a clear and jaunty High German. Gnädige Frau Doe was more than welcome to use their public library, said Mr. Archival Advisor, provided she could produce scholarly credentials, a requirement easily fulfilled with a simple letter of reference. 
“A simple letter of reference, you say?”
“Natürlich.”
Mr. Archival Advisor then asked Frau Doe if she’d care to discuss this over coffee — or perhaps something stronger? Der Herr Archivrat knew of many fine Old Town establishments fit for a visiting American lady.
“No way, jack,” Gordy barked in English and hung up. 
Tad could have done a far better job. Jane, she might have secured Gordy archive access right there on the line. Still, Gordy learned what he needed. He didn’t want to rely on either Tad or Jane. He was going to have to be his own man. That way he might just avoid revealing the full extent of his idiocy. Besides, his fixation on Jane was worrying him. What did she want from him? And why would she go out with the likes of Ray Sloane? What if she had somehow driven Sloane into his mania? Rode him. Forced him into that archive. The silent hand that shoved him straight into that beer wagon. Three days had passed after they met in the English Garden, and he still had not called her.

Tad returned with treasures from the losing side of the Berlin Wall — an East German Army officer’s cap, a Soviet Army sharpshooter’s badge, and an East German five-mark note on which pigtailed girls with harvest baskets marched aside tractors plowing. Gordy thought state-socialist Fräuleins in pigtails were hot. But Tad didn’t want to talk about Berlin. He only wanted to eat out for once, since he’d also returned with a wallet full of Deutschmarks. He’d managed to sell the last of his turquoise jewelry to Kuwaitis who’d fled the invasion of Saddam Hussein and ended up in Berlin. Or so he said. Gordy assumed Tad had received some sort of final payoff from the agency. But why push it?
They headed out the paths of Olympic Park in search of a restaurant. The sky held more snow clouds. It looked like a vast sheet of unpolished aluminum. “What’s up with your archive thing?” Tad said.
“Not much. Ray Sloane is back home by now. Thank god. You know about the briefcase.” Gordy had told Tad he’d left the briefcase with Sloane’s landlady instead of Jane. Tad didn’t need know about Jane. He’d never approved of Gordy’s crushes. Once he had proclaimed Gwen about as suitable for Gordy as a pregnant serial killer. “I’m going back over his notes, but it’s still not making much sense. Did discover one thing — I’m pretty sure they’re chipmunks.”
“Excellent work. I’ll take a look if you want. Just say the word.”
“Check.” 
The wind had picked up. Gordy buried his chin into the collar of his bomber jacket. Tad was wearing a Soviet officers’ black leather coat he’d scored in Berlin, complete with bright red collar insignia. It certainly made a fashion statement. First, an elderly couple glared at them as they passed. Then a stout old Frau spat Tad’s way, growled “Goddamn Bolshevik!” and stomped off.
“I paid top dollar for this thing. Better believe I’m going to wear it,” Tad said, stuffing his fists in his pockets and shuffling on.
Hurrying to catch up, Gordy slipped on ice and fell. He sprung back up before Tad noticed. “What else you see?” he added, wiping snow from his behind.
“In East Berlin?” Tad shrugged. “Lots. Saw Checkpoint Charlie — say they’re going to turn it into a museum. I don’t know, Gord. Guess I don’t get as excited as you do. The place is a zoo. People are dazed, lost. Vietnamese guest workers all over the east side, broke, homeless, no country to call home. Pretty fucked up to me.”
The path led them out of the park. Gordy took extra care to stay clear of the bicyclists as they crossed the street. Two blocks away, just inside a line of trees, flickered a large green neon chicken. A banner read “Grand Opening” in German. A new Wienerwald chain restaurant had opened in the neighborhood, complete with imitation timber framework, quaint red shudders that could not close, and fake murals of Alpine farm life. 
“Here? We might as well be going to Denny’s,” Gordy said, but Tad kept his eye on the green neon chicken, a man with a mission. “Why don’t we go to some old pub?” Gordy added. Tad ignored him and marched inside. Gordy followed. The place smelled like new carpet. A pimply teenage girl in a dirndl dress with a nametag ushered them to a booth next to an electric fireplace. The fireplace pumped out waves of heat. Gordy was already sweating. They sat shoulder-to-shoulder staring out. In the booth across a middle-Eastern couple sipped broth. The waiter was African, his German excellent. Tad ordered chicken salad and a lager. Gordy, sauerbraten and a dark beer. 
Gordy pulled off his jacket but the room seemed to burn even hotter. His head itched from it. “The Sound of Music” song — “The hills are alive ... “ — was coming from somewhere. Gordy scanned the room. Above their heads hung what looked like a cowbell. It was actually a speaker. And it was plastic. 
“Why get a chicken salad?” Gordy said. “You can get one of those back home.”
Tad said nothing. He hummed the Sound of Music song. The waiter dropped off the beers. Tad sipped humming.
Tad’s beer had a perfect head of foam. Gordy’s had none. “This sucks, man. It’s like we’re back in Estacamas. Germans have never even seen ‘Sound of Music.’” 
Tad stopped humming. He set down his glass. He eyed Gordy. He considered the balls of sweat on Gordy’s forehead. He said: “Why don’t you quit being so shallow? You sound like a wannabe. This is not just like home. You think it is, or you’re scared it is — something. But it isn’t.”
Wannabes came to Germany from many American schools, but they all showed the same symptoms. Before they could order a beer without difficulty they were rolling their own Drum tobacco cigarettes, proclaiming America needed a genuine Greens Party, and answering only to the German version of their names. Some even called themselves Canadian when challenged. Wannabes were weak and impressionable changelings. It was the worst insult. Gordy slouched over his beer. He made a grunting sound. It sounded more like a fart. 
“For example,” Tad went on. “Do you know that the State of Bavaria itself requires a residence visa? I looked into it. And did you know that, in order to receive said visa, the State of Bavaria requires that your blood be checked for the HIV virus?” 
“Why say ‘said visa’? Why not just ‘the visa’?” Another grunt. 
“You can sulk. But you get my point. These Europeans. Like registering your address with the police isn’t enough.”
Gordy lifted his beer. “It’s their state. They can do what they want.”
“But it’s our civil rights. Our individual rights!” Tad slapped a hand on the table. The middle-Eastern couple paused, spoons at their lips. “See what I’m saying? This dumbass Wienerwald might remind you of a Pizza Hut or whatever, but the truth is you got to look a little deeper.”
“I said it was a Denny’s —”
“You’re not listening. An AIDS test? What the hell? Not even the Senator would stand for that. And I am?”
“Well, you haven’t yet. They do have urine tests back home now.” 
“Yes, and people refuse. They go to court.” 
“So go to court,” Gordy said, thinking, another beer would be good right about now. He looked around for the waiter. No waiter. 
Tad was shaking his head. “That all you can think about? Beer. Jesus, Gord, for someone who knows some history you sure don’t know about today.” 
“That’s not true,” Gordy said, but he couldn’t come up with an example. He was only sure he would order a wheat beer next. He downed the rest of his dark and stared into the empty glass. He knew one thing — the longer they knew each other, the less they knew, it seemed. Gordy wondered if he’d ever really known Tad Parkerfield. Tad grew up in a colonial-style mansion overlooking the Estacamas River. Gordy used to ride by on his Schwinn. Black iron gates guarded a decorative cannon and flagpole and a winding drive of bleached pebbles that crunched under car tires. He’d also floated by Tad’s backyard on a river raft, where he saw a grand patio with pillars and formations of shiny green Adirondack chairs. There was a private boat pier and a white gazebo glowing like a marble observatory. But he saw no personal items. No Nerf balls, pup tents or Evil Kneivel dolls lying about. It was nothing like Gordy’s house, which had a community garden and a tree fort, Marty’s homemade hot tub and a broken-down school bus to play in — and that was just the front yard. Then there were his parents. Mom was Patty. Patty worked as a travel agent. Dad, Marty, was a food rep who made his own wine. Gordy loved his parents but he’d always seen them as child-like, the ten-year-olds down the street who want to hang out with you but you’re embarrassed. Gordy wasn’t a Love Child; they were Love Parents. Patty’s mustache, tie-dyed dresses and bulky hand-painted jewelry matched with Marty’s frizzy salt-and-pepper ponytail and hand-made Birkenstock knock-offs (Martinstocks!) proved they must have been real space cadets at Gordy’s age. Why else would Patty bear Gordy inside a medicine man’s tent in the woods along the Oregon coast? Why else name him Gordy? Why was he nothing like them? Or, was he everything like them, and it was only a matter of time? 
Gordy shuddered, threw back the last of his dark beer. 
All he knew for sure was, the prospect of he and Tad like this back in the dorm room seemed bleak. Maybe it was better to get Tad talking. “So how’s it going with the Senator?” he said. “Your outing thing.”
Tad shot Gordy a soft glance, then cupped both hands around his beer and pulled it close. “It’s not. I’m having second thoughts. As if you couldn’t tell.”
The waiter dropped off the food. Gordy’s large potato dumpling was the size of a hacky-sac; his beef was tangy enough but the sauce was runny. He finally got his wheat beer, which was smooth and fine. Tad poked at his chicken salad, but soon he was humming again. Up and down they were, Gordy thought, like the middle-Eastern couple sipping broth probably were and are and always will be. And so Gordy hummed as he attacked his dumpling and finished off the meat. He mixed the noodles with the rest of the sauce. Their forks and knives and plates clanging and scraping. 
“Thanks man,” Gordy said.
“Sure, dork. My pleasure.”
Outside the window, the snow fell in clumpy wet flakes. “About my research,” Gordy said. “I think I’m going to need your help with something. But just tell me if you don’t think it’s kosher.”
“All right. Shoot.”
“I think I’m going to be a Fulbrighter after all.” 
Tad grinned. He slapped his hands together. “So you can get in the archive?”
It was true. Gordy was going to do it. The need was just too great. There was also Jane to worry about now. An image had flashed in his head — Jane demanding to see his papers. Jane angry. Jane roughing him up. She had ways of making him talk. Any fake scrap of proof could prevent all of it. 
“Yes. As if this isn’t dangerous enough. But it’s the only way.”
On the way back Tad kept grinning and he bounced when he walked. He wouldn’t let Gordy get a word in. He knew more about Fulbrights than even Gordy had assumed, having spent many a young summer with his mother on his father’s Foreign Relations Committee trips to diverse ports abroad. He even knew that Fulbrights to Germany got a tie with a navy background, red and white pinstripes, and the embossed signature of ‘J.W. Fulbright.’ Girls, he believed, got a scarf. 
Back at the apartment Tad rummaged through his things as Gordy put on water for instant coffee. Tad produced a manila folder from his duffel bag and led Gordy over to the Formica desk, where Tad laid out envelopes and letterhead. The envelopes read “United States Senate, Washington DC,” and “Official Business.” The letterhead, “Senator Fletcher J. Parkerfield,” with full DC contact information. 
“Cool,” Gordy said. “Wait. What if someone checks?”
“Gord, please. I’ve been doing this for years.” Tad grabbed a pad of paper from the desk drawer and began writing ... The Senator was “delighted to extend his congratulations” and expressed “genuine pleasure” that another fine Oregonian was selected for a Fulbright Award. The Senator praised the talents of Mr. Gordon K. Fordham but also the opportunities provided Mr. Fordham by the Fulbright program, which the Senator had always supported staunchly. It was more or less a form letter, and Tad had the syntax down.
Tad flipped the page. “So. All we do now is write a second letter urging any archive in Germany to allow one Mr. Gordon K. Fordham access to any research project he may undertake on his Fulbright fellowship.” Tad wrote this in glorious High German. “Now. All we got to do is type these two up, and I do believe you’re on your way.”

EIGHT

Gordy borrowed a typewriter from a neighbor and Tad typed up the Senator’s letters. Tad then signed his father’s signature. At a flea market near the train station Gordy scored a disguise that, he believed, best emulated the look of a serious research scholar (an ideal that ornery and sloppy Ray Sloane had obviously thumbed his nose at). For a steal Gordy bought — large, professorial eyeglasses with thick reddish-brown frames, a boldly dark cherry-wood pipe that he scrubbed clean in the washing cell, and a rubberized tan raincoat like world-weary British spies wore — a mackintosh, they called it. To this he’d add a bulky gray scarf and the floppy tweed bucket hat. 
In full disguise, the pipe in his mouth (unlit), Gordy paid a visit to the Bavarian State Archive and inquired with a secretary about gaining access. He then showed the Senator’s letter of reference, the secretary congratulated Gordy on the Senator’s glorious High German, and he was in. He even got a tour by Mr. Archival Advisor, a somewhat handsome though stooped man with a fluffy goatee that he petted non-stop. Concerned about exposing himself as the inconsiderate Frau Doe on the phone, Gordy spoke low and mumbled to obscure his voice. Mr. Archival Advisor asked Mr. Fordham just what it was he was researching. Gordy, chuckling, patted the Advisor on the shoulder and told him not to worry, he had no intention of destroying the good reputation of any of Bavaria’s fine heroes. Smiling and petting his beard, the Advisor then showed Gordy the long hall that housed the banks of two-ringed index binders, the indexes of course providing reference to the stored archive materials, and he went on to explain how to request materials in precise detail using an official order slip. By now, Gordy had realized to his delight that his eyeglasses improved his slight nearsightedness. He could read the binders’ spine labels from across the room and see the other scholars sizing him up. The Advisor then showed Gordy the adjacent reading room — the very room Gordy had spied on as Sloane did his research. 
Gordy thanked Mr. Archival Advisor, who gave a slight bow, from the hip, and wished Herr Fordham the best of luck in his investigations. Gordy gazed about the long hall and nodded and smiled at his comrades, waving his pipe, and the good scholars’ eyes darted and they buried their heads in their work. Gordy sensed he was making quite an impact. A warm scholarly zeal overtaking him, he browsed the binders for a few minutes, but the type was small and the academic/bureaucratic German dense indeed. He sat with a binder, flipping the pages. Where the hell was he supposed to begin? How was he going to match Sloane’s indecipherable notes to any single reference — or page, for that matter — in one of the hundreds of fat binders? His scarf was making his neck hot. His glasses were becoming heavy, so that he had to push them up constantly. 
He headed out for a much-needed beer and of course a curry sausage, which he took standing up in the central U-Bahn station since it was cheaper. As he ate he felt the eyes on him, for he was still in his disguise. What sort of mysteries did this learned man harbor? he imagined the passersby wondering, until a group of comely teenage girls passed. They couldn’t stop staring and laughing at him. He had the plump curry sausage in one hand and his big dark pipe in the other. The glasses hung at the end of his nose. His scarf had mustard on it. “Beware!” he yelled after the girls in English — the first thing that came to him, and the Fräuleins ran off cackling. 
Back at the apartment, Tad laughed so hard at Gordy’s disguise he spit beer foam across the floor and rolled off the bed. “You look like a flasher — no, wait, sorry, a Fulbright flasher.”
“You too, huh? Well, Mr. Archival Advisor didn’t see it that way. I’m in. Your letter was perfect.”
“That’s great. Those glasses, my god, they’re rose colored. Did I say gay too? Those glasses couldn’t be more gay choreographer.” Tad clapped, shaking his head in wonder. “Bravo!”
Gordy yanked off the glasses and held them up to the light. Rosy. Tad was right. He flung them onto the bed, slumped into the desk chair and dumped his copies of Sloane’s notes out onto the desktop. 
Tad dropped his grin. He sat up, cross-legged. “I’m sorry. Really. You need help, don’t you?”
That evening Gordy and Tad pored over Sloane’s notes, hunching over the desk, reclining on the bed, sprawling out on the floor. This went on for twenty, thirty minutes. Gordy, for his part, might as well have been trying to interpret ancient cave drawings. Sloane hadn’t dated his notes, his handwriting was truly crap, and every sentence was a slog. The only legible parts were figures such as this: “II/GH/ORdKM/1-12.34.” These appeared every few pages.
Gordy was down on the floor, clenching a page. He pulled the pipe from his mouth. “This has got to be a code. How can we decipher that? Unless ... Tad, think you could take this to your CIA contact?”
Tad glared at Gordy from up on the bed. “What? No. If you’re going to keep that stupid pipe in your mouth at least get some tobacco for it. And wipe it off — you’re drooling.” Gordy wiped the pipe on his jeans. Tad lifted a couple pages, compared them, set them down. Gordy asked Tad if he wanted coffee but Tad didn’t seem to hear. Tad was into it. In college Tad had been a good paper writer and an avid researcher, Gordy knew. And Tad kept at it. As it grew dark, the pigeons began working their way through the balcony netting. They lined up at the glass wall and stared in, giving off a low growl of a coo. Gordy glared back at them. 
Tad was scribbling more notes. “These figures, they aren’t a code at all,” he said. “Not in the way you’re thinking. They’re the archive’s internal reference. What leads you from the indexes to the material. One of these probably gets you a folder or a box.”
“Okay. But where do I start?”
“That’s easy. Where’s the first page?”
Gordy had dropped the photocopied pages many times, reshuffled them, stuffed them in his backpack. He stared, like a pigeon.
“I’m assuming you only copied the last of his notes. Right? From right after Oktoberfest and on until he attacked you?”
“I just photocopied them. How could I know? Sloane was careless. He didn’t date his notes.” Gordy was muttering. 
“They’re out of order, that what you’re telling me? And of course you didn’t think to number these pages.”
“No. But that’s a good idea. You’re good at this.” Gordy lay back, defeated, and the pipe slid from his mouth onto the dingy carpet. 
“Look, don’t sulk,” Tad said. “Maybe we can piece this together.”
They worked at it a few more minutes. Actually Gordy pretended to work. He was really watching the pigeons, and Tad, who kept reading, deciphering. Gordy crawled over to the tiny kitchenette behind the front door. The mini fridge held four bottles of beer perfectly. He pulled out two lagers and popped them open. 
“I don’t mean to disturb you,” he said. “But what about the skinheads? Just where do they come in?” 
“The who? Oh, them. I don’t know.” Sighing, Tad picked up another page, compared it to another. He made a couple notes.
“What if they find me? See what I’m doing? They could have agents anywhere.”
“Agents?” Tad laughed, but it was strained. Gordy handed him a beer. Tad placed it on the tiny nightstand. “I know what happened with Sloane. I know they threatened you. But do you really think they’re that smart? That capable?”
“I think they’re dangerous. They’ve proven it.”
Tad let down the pages. He set down his pencil. “How about I give you the gun to carry? Huh? Would that help?”
“No. Not if you put it that way. It would only make things worse.”
“Right. So how about I go with you then? Is that what you want?”
“Yes. No! I can handle it.” Gordy took two gulps and glared at the pigeons. But they were sleeping now, their puffy heads pressed to the glass. 
The next morning, Gordy entered the archive and cross-referenced one of Sloane’s cryptic figures. As Tad predicted, it appeared to be an index reference for archive materials. He picked one at random, filled out an order slip, and handed it to an archive assistant at a counter at the end of the long hall. The assistant had blond hair pulled tight and gray eyes. Gordy had the disguise going. She gave Gordy a once-over, and then shuffled off and disappeared beyond shelves of stacks. Let her stare, Gordy thought. He killed the time by moving the pipe around in his mouth. He didn’t really need tobacco in it. It was nice just to chew on, like a pacifier.
“Sign please.” The archive assistant pointed Gordy to a log book off to the side. Gordy flung his scarf over a shoulder and signed the log with a flourish. She slid him a box of folders, which Gordy lugged down into the adjacent reading room, in which long tables ran perpendicular to a row of windows that looked out on the courtyard. The three researchers in the room kept on reading, scribbling, heads down. Gordy went to the last row just as Sloane had done, hoping the exact duplication of Sloane’s labor would conjure up some sort of luck. The box was an older, sturdier type of cardboard, and dusty. The few smudges must have been Sloane’s own. As Gordy lifted the lid, a fusty vapor tickled his nostrils, and he breathed it in. And he sneezed. 
From the indexes, Gordy knew the folders held records for an obscure farmer’s group called the Upper Bavarian War Veterans Dairymen’s Council. The ORdKM, as known by its German acronym, had barely survived Germany’s 1920s Weimar Republic. It disbanded in the mid-1930s under growing Nazi pressure. He set out his dictionaries and got to work. He read. He translated. Made little piles of the browned pages. Took notes with his nice mechanical pencil, which he adjusted constantly to get just the right width of script. God, was the material boring. This was nothing like in the thrillers and movies. He read tedious meeting minutes and formulaic pleas to potential benefactors. An occasional secret memo announced a rally, or some ceremonial party in a beer hall. After only a few minutes, the buzz of seeing original documents had worn off. Sloane had been researching a dead-end splinter group, a hypothetical footnote of history passed over by many scholars before him. No wonder he was desperate. 
All this made Gordy hungry for another sausage, with mustard, and a big salted pretzel perhaps, which could only be matched with a stronger beer. A double-dark wheat would be nice. 
He made it through half of a long letter from 1928 that extolled the virtues of a new, American-made cow udder siphon. Recalling that he was sitting in the very spot Sloane sat he looked out the window often, making sure none of the skinheads were loitering about in the courtyard. But all he saw was that dark statue of the general he didn’t know. The skinheads’ leader certainly had seemed to know what he was after. But how had he known about Sloane? Had someone tipped them off? Could it be that archive assistant, or perhaps Mr. Archival Advisor himself? After all, you couldn’t set an alarm on a document. Either that or Sloane must have told someone what he was after, and this had attracted the neo-Nazis. 
But Gordy saw no skinhead thugs. The courtyard was empty, dim, forgotten. Gordy only saw the backs of the few other readers’ heads. One man was bald. Another had frizzy white hair. A third had thin red hair. None of them moved. They might as well be dead. He wondered how long someone could be dead in an archive reading room before someone noticed. A whole day? A couple days? Weeks? Gordy was betting on a couple days. They could turn out the lights on you and not even notice. In the back of his mind, he was hoping the neo-Nazi skinheads would come after him. At least he would know he was on to something. 
Gordy lasted three hours that first day. The next day, four hours. After two of those four hours he asked a couple of the other researchers if they wanted to head out to a beer hall for a good long break, you know, really get the blood flowing! They shook their heads at him and thanked him, but they had work to do. 
Meanwhile, Tad had photocopied Gordy’s copies of Sloane’s notes. At the apartment he began piecing together the pages. He was creating a legend for Sloane’s crappy handwriting. 
On the third day, the other researchers sat as far from Gordy as possible. He lasted two hours. To vary his research he set out for Old Town, to discover where the neo-Nazis could be found in Munich. Besides, it was a sunny day. But there simply weren’t any to be found. He even went to a Bayern Munich soccer game back in Olympic Park looking for the skinheads. But he only saw soccer fans, which, he discovered after observing waves of fat men wearing bright red scarves, denim vests with big team patches, and goofy hats, weren’t really the same thing. They weren’t even soccer hooligans. Though they seemed to be having a ball. Just like back home, Germany’s so-called skinheads seemed to only magically appear when there was a neo-Nazi rally, which didn’t happen every day. So Gordy didn’t know where to start. It wasn’t like looking for a band to go see. The newsstands certainly didn’t carry rags like the Skinhead Quarterly or the Neo-Nazi Times. There were probably more baseball fans in Germany than neo-Nazis. Sure, they had their parties and party names. There was the National Front, the Free German Workers Party, and the Republikaner. They probably drank in outlying neighborhood pubs that Gordy could never know. Yet who knew what they were planning out there? What if their pursuit of Ray Sloane was part of a new movement? Maybe this was the real story behind the documents? Something had to give — Gordy knew that much about history and its volatile movements. Yes, the Cold War was over, and good riddance — but the future had to hold more than a Gap Unter Den Linden, new McDonalds in Moscow, and the promise of increasingly efficient personal computers. There had to be something brewing, somewhere. History did not just end. It was also the future. 
After the soccer game Gordy slumped on a park bench as the soccer fans passed banging drums, singing, running off the trail to vomit. He couldn’t go back to the apartment just yet, because Tad would be disappointed. Why couldn’t he just have stayed in the archive a couple more hours? What was wrong with him? All he knew was he had to keep busy, because he hadn’t heard from Gwen, and if he didn’t keep busy he’d start thinking about her more and more. He had a phone now. She could call him, but she didn’t. He could call her, but he wouldn’t. He thought about writing her, but he shouldn’t. A part of him was scared of what he might discover. 
On the fifth day, Gordy lasted an hour in the archive. The fusty old documents were driving him nuts. How many beer hall birthday parties and dairy union leadership coups could he read about? Back at the apartment, Tad was making great progress, but he had found nothing top secret or smacking of the Holocaust. And so Gordy realized he needed help. He needed more than Tad. He needed someone who had been close to Sloane, who might have heard Sloane speak, and boast, no doubt, of what he had really found. 
By the end of the fifth day, Gordy knew he was going to have to bring Jane into this. He needed her knowledge. He needed her strength. This is what he told himself.

NINE

Jane’s bookstore, Buchhandlung Auermann, stood in a narrow Schwabing street near a dark student pub, a fusty olde stationery shoppe that predated America, and other bookstores that sold rare and antique volumes the owners heaped on sidewalk tables like the last pickings of a fire sale. Jane’s store was small like the others’. The front had only a door and a one-pane window. But Jane had no gaudy signs or sale tables outside. Her window held an enclosed display, like in the nicer chain bookstores. Used hardbacks and the rare books stood in neat and clever formations, as if just released from the publisher.
All of which would block Gordy’s view inside. He’d halted a few feet from her store, without a plan. Maybe he could peek over the window display? He strolled on by the window but the display’s backdrop was too high. He turned and passed once more, this time bouncing up, and up, stretching his neck. Still nothing. Passersby had meanwhile crossed the street, for he must have looked like an attacking emu bounding around like that.
He approached Jane’s door, took a deep breath, and entered. A bell on the door jangled. Yet no one appeared. He waited at the doorway. The store was a sight to behold. In his mind, all bookstores smelled like dust and dry rot. Jane’s smelled fresh, and faintly of candle wax. It was clean and neat and well lit. The books lined up smartly on the wall shelves, and elegant hand-painted signs marked the sections. Small vintage tables of various styles filled the floor, offering clever displays of paperbacks arranged as small pyramids and houses of cards. At the far end stood a handsome counter of marble and chromium. 
“Hello,” Gordy said, not too loud, and still heard nothing. The random displays formed a labyrinth. There was no clear lane to the counter — or back out of this place. He advanced toward the counter, zigzagging the tiny tables. 
The door swung open, the bell jangling. An elderly woman entered. She grinned and chirped “Servus!” — Bavarian for Guten Tag. 
“Servus,” Gordy said. He turned his back to her, pretending to peruse the displays. 
The woman tapped Gordy on the bottom with a shiny white purse. “My boy,” she said in German, “I’m looking for a book on birds — on Tauben to be precise — actually on their Ausrottung to be more precise ...” 
Tauben were pigeons. Ausrottung meant something like “extermination.” “Me so sorry, I don’t work here,” Gordy said, his German stiff. He was backing toward the counter. “However, I am also interested in this subject —”
“Stop! You? What are you doing here?” Jane was standing at the counter. 
Gordy stepped away, leaving the woman in the middle of the room. 
“I wonder, good young lady, could you please tell me,” the woman began —
“No. We are closing. You must leave.” Jane marched over holding up a closed sign.
Gordy moved another step. Paperbacks tumbled off a short gilded table. “Sorry, shit.” He bent to pick them up. 
Cackling at Jane, the woman was backing out the door. 
“I told you already!” Jane shouted after and shut the door. She hung the closed sign, gave the door a bang with her hip so that it clicked, and she locked it. 
Gordy was trying to rebuild the pyramid. The paperbacks were erotic fiction and in English, with titles like Sin under the Bigtop and Her Buccaneer’s Boudoir. The one in his hand was titled His Throbbing Splendor. He placed it on the table. It stood upright.
Jane watched from the doorway, her hands on her hips. Her hair was pulled back, leaving only her curt bangs. This was her bookstore look, and it was fine.
“What? What happened? Why are you closing?” Gordy said. 
“It’s no problem. This is not America. Exact business hours is not one of the Ten Commandments. Also, you don’t know that woman. She comes in every day for the same books I still don’t have every day. A total crazy. Killing pigeons is her obsession.”
“I can relate. So. Good. Nice store you have. How are you?”
“How am I? One would think you did not care.” Jane strode by Gordy and went back behind the counter, where she faced him again.
Gordy, stunned, had snorted a chuckle. It sounded like a sneeze. His nose might have ran. Rashly, he wiped at it with his sleeve. “You mean, because I haven’t called?”
She stared. “Is this what you think? This is vain of you.”
“No, I ... Actually, yes. You’re right. I’m a swine.” 
Jane grimaced. She had a hand on her stomach. She was caressing her stomach, with fingertips. She had a nice stomach, Gordy bet. Firm but soft. It probably had the nice freckles on it, too. He was smiling.
“What are you looking at?” Jane barked in German. But she was also smiling now, or so he hoped. A corner of her mouth had turned up, exposing her snaggle tooth. 
“I’m sorry,” Gordy said, “I should have called sooner.” It wasn’t what he was going to say, but there it was. “I wanted to,” he added.
“But ...” she said.
“I guess I was afraid.”
“Ah, poor Gordy.” The corner of Jane’s mouth had turned down. “You may now approach the counter.”

Beyond the store’s backroom was an enclosed courtyard. Ivy walls surrounded them. Mossy paving stones at their feet. The small space had a low table, two old iron patio chairs, and a long and roomy bench adorned with cushions. Jane took a chair. Gordy stretched out on the bench and patted a cushion. “This is way better than my pad,” he said. “Probably bigger, too. All it needs is a toilet.”
Jane was pouring two short glasses of Jim Beam bourbon on the rocks. “You’re a man. You’re outside. Why don’t you simply urinate over in the corner?” 
Did she mean it? Gordy laughed. A couple of the bourbons and maybe he’d just take her up on that. He leaned back. “Yep. Nice shop. Nice street. Very nice.”
“Not so very nice. They say Hitler lived on this very street in his young years. Perhaps he lurked in this very courtyard.”
“Cool,” Gordy said. Jane eyed him, holding back. He sat up, adding: “I mean, that’s Munich for you — history everywhere and all.” 
Jane handed him his glass. They toasted. Prost. 
“So,” Jane said. 
“Well, first off, I thought I should confirm. Sloane is gone now, right?”
“Yes. And with good riddance, I must tell you. He was thankful for getting back his briefcase. Ah, and he had a message for you ...” Jane did her best American accent: “One day I’ll find you and kick your goddamn ass.” 
“Great. Another thing to look forward to back home. Maybe I’ll never go back.”
“So why do you come here? Into my store. Instead of calling. You want something.”
“I wanted to see you,” Gordy blurted. He hadn’t meant to say that either. Christ. What was in that whisky — a truth serum? He took another drink.
Jane was smiling. “That is bullshit. But it is very sweet bullshit.”
“You asked me if you could help. With my research. Well, I’d like you to help. I’d like it very much.” Gordy took another drink. “I guess I’m just not sure what I’ve gotten myself into. To tell you the truth, I don’t think I’m built just right for this.”
Jane’s green eyes had grown larger, and greener. She came over to Gordy, her glass jingling with ice, and sat next to him on the bench. “Now you listen. You’ve only been at this for a few days. Yes? What you really mean is, you are not patient enough. Ray was not either. I think it’s an American disease.” She looked away, up at the sky, and let out a sad sigh. “Yes, I am sure it is. And there is not a cure.”
Tad is patient, Gordy was thinking. He’s disease free. But Jane didn’t know about him, and vice versa. So why confuse her theory?
Jane said: “Ray, he thought perhaps you are not really who you say you are.”
“What? What’s that supposed to mean?” Gordy set down his drink. “You want to see credentials, is that it? Well, I have the papers, letters of reference, everything. I couldn’t do research without them.”
Jane patted Gordy’s knee. “Ray did not mean it that way. Perhaps I didn’t phrase it right in English. He meant, you don’t know what you are doing.”
Gordy stared. He lifted his drink. Set it down. 
“So, I’ll help you,” Jane said. 
“It’s important. It’s about the Holocaust,” Gordy muttered. “Proof —”
“That Hitler ordered it done. I know. It intimidates a person, this research. All that German to go through. The boring elements. Ray complained about it. I actually believe that this is what drove him mad.”
Maybe she was right. It wasn’t he or Jane who had pushed Sloane over the edge. Sloane had simply driven himself batty with boring research. It could happen. Gordy himself had sensed the madness in that reading room. Either you go mad or become a zombie, like his colleagues in there. (Gordy, to his credit, had also sensed the only remedy — sausage, beers, pretzel.) No, Jane could not be evil. She looked too good with her hair pulled back. Was this the whisky talking now? Maybe. But who cared? He was hearing the whisky good and loud and clear. 
“So, I will go with you?” Jane said. “As we discussed. I will be a type of assistant, yes?”
Yes. And Gordy had another thought — what kind of research zombie is able to bring in his own hot assistant. Only Gordon K. Fordham, that’s who! 
“Would you? Please?” Gordy said.
“I will. It is an honor.” 
“Great. Me too.”
Jane was smirking at Gordy. She had pursed her lips together. She reached over and messed up Gordy’s hair, downed the rest of her whisky, and then slapped her hands on her thighs and stood. “So, it’s done. Now it is back to work for me.”
Gordy went to down his whisky but it was already gone. He stood, sucking on a piece of ice. Jane was up and heading back in.
“Wait. Jane. There is still danger, as you know. But I was thinking of facing it head-on. Do you know anything about the skinheads here? The neo-Nazis? Where they hang out? I was thinking of going to them. Reason with them. End this crazy thing once and for all.”
Jane had whipped around. She glared. “What? What is this nonsense?” 
“It’s just that, I would feel better in the archive if I knew it — we — were safe. Ray and I were attacked, after all.”
Jane rushed him, her shoulders squared and her arms out. Her face — her mouth — was inches from his. “Just like Ray,” she growled. He smelled a little whisky but it was sweet coming from her. “Now you listen to me, Herr Fordham — they are not a threat to us, these so-called neo-Nazis. They never were. They are too incompetent, and childish, to be guarding any such documents that we seek. I should know this. They’re too doof!”
 “The word is dumb — in English,” Gordy said. Jane scrunched up her face. “But, okay, okay,” he added, “I’ll just have to trust you. But, why should you know?” 
“Because I know. I’m a German, is that not enough?” 
“Sure,” Gordy began. Jane grabbed his head with both hands. She planted her mouth on his and gave him a good tonguing. She licked his teeth. Then she gave his crotch a soft squeeze, down low, and quickly let go.
“Sure,” Gordy repeated. He held her face. He gave her the same treatment. Even got a few caresses in. Her stomach was indeed firm but soft. Her breasts too.
“Maybe you could close all day?” he muttered. 
Jane grinned. She wagged a finger at him. She stood back, straightened her skirt. Then she led him back inside and showed him the front door. 

TEN

The next day, Jane closed the bookstore by late morning so she could join Gordy in the archive. Gordy met her in the courtyard under the unknown general statue. Jane was wearing her black leather jacket and a red-orange head bandanna that brought out her freckles. Braided pigtails dangled at her neck. Gordy had expected a research look — perhaps a men’s vintage blazer and glasses. Instead, she was a cross between a hot Hee-Haw girl and a biker chick not to be messed with. 
Gordy went for a hug. Jane let him. She showed him a cheek. He kissed it. “No disguise?” he said.
Jane frowned, which made her look more like a Red Army Faction terrorist. 
“You look lovely. That’s all I meant.”
“Danke. I see no disguise on you.”
“That’s right. You make me brave. You’re my Augusta.”
Jane smiled, and did a little curtsy. “Does this make you a Caesar?”
“By all means — Fulbrightus Augustus Caesar.”
Mr. Archival Advisor happened to pass out the door as Jane and Gordy entered. He beamed at Jane, stroking his fluffy goatee. Gordy might as well have been invisible; then again, he didn’t have his disguise on. He said: “Good Morning, Herr Archivrat. This is my assistant — a very capable grad student, I can tell you.” 
“Oh, it’s you, Herr Fordham. Morning. Indeed. Very well.” Still beaming at Jane.
Jane gave Gordy a sideways look. “So easily you lie?” she whispered.
“No. It’s never easy.”
They waited at the counter for the archive assistant. Jane flipped open the log book and thumbed the pages. 
“What are you doing?” Gordy whispered. “That’s the log.”
“Exactly. You mean to tell me, you never looked in this first?”
“Look? For what?” It hit Gordy. What she was after. It was brilliant in its simplicity. To follow Sloane’s path, all he’d had to do was look back in the log, find Sloane’s name, and see what materials Sloane had taken out most recently. It was more than a short cut. It was the only way to do it. “No. I ... didn’t know if it was allowed,” he muttered. 
Jane was shaking her head. She stopped at a page. “Ja — here it is.” Gordy handed her his mechanical pencil and mini note pad. She scribbled down Sloane’s latest requests, which Gordy then wrote on a request slip. 
Gordy carried the box of materials to the reading room. He let Jane enter first. The usual three male researchers were there, hunched over their piles. Their heads jerked up at Jane. They stared. They gawked. Gordy entered, grinning at them. If only he could shout — see what wonders you might’ve experienced if you only knew how to party. 
They took the usual table in back. Jane had one of those sleek modern briefcases that only Europeans and architects (and wannabes) dared carry — all shiny black nylon, brushed metal, and chrome rivets. She pulled a tab and out slid a clear plastic clipboard.
“Cool,” Gordy said.
“Concentrate yourself,” Jane said. 
“Right. Sure.” Gordy set out, in a neat line, a full-sized note pad, a second mechanical pencil, a case of replacement lead, and a backup eraser, along with the usual dictionaries. But his mind wandered. It went back to the log. Checking past entries made it easy for them. But wouldn’t it also be easy for the neo-Nazis to track them, too? He just hoped they were as dumb as he had been. 
Jane was laying out folders from the box. Gordy looked at her fingers. They had some wrinkles, but they were also nice and slender. The pigtails made her look ten years younger, like the farm girls on an East German five-mark note. She passed Gordy a folder. He opened it. As she looked through her folder her tongue stuck out, but just a little, so that it resembled a third middle lip. Talk about cute. And she was so close, Gordy could smell her faint lipstick. He thought about their brief stroking session yesterday behind her bookstore. It could not have felt clumsier. At the time he’d almost wanted to laugh. They were like rival orangutans grooming each other, picking out the dead insects and dander. And yet it seemed to work. She, the wise lady monkey from the highest jungle stories; he, the upstart chimp clambering his way up the branches and limbs. What if he kissed her again, right here and now?
“Gordy. Pay attention, please.” Jane pushed him another folder.
Nodding, he stared at the page in front of him. It was another memo, from the good old Upper Bavarian War Veteran Dairyman’s Council. He cracked his dictionary. Someone needed costumes for a parade. The burning question — matching lederhosen, or medieval dress? Christ. Reading on, Gordy folded his arms on the table, and he rested his chin on his arms, and his eyes so wanted to close. 
“Ow.” 
Jane had dug her nails into his wrist. 
“Stop with the sleeping,” she said. “An hour is past and you accomplish nothing.”
“Okay. Sorry.” 
Jane was reading a document with letterhead Gordy had never seen in these folders. It had a mock Old German script. It was from the Munich Nazi party, circa 1934. She reached for Gordy’s Nazi jargon dictionary. 
“You’re not reading about dairymen, I take it.” 
“No. I see many infamous names in these pages — Rudolf Hess, Ernst Röhm, Julius Streicher.” Jane gazed at Gordy, her eyes wide. “I think these documents were hidden in here.” 
“Hidden?” Gordy looked around. The three researchers had their heads in their work. One was making a faint gurgling noise, probably snoring. “Can I see?” Jane handed over all she had found — six handwritten pages and two typed ones. The handwritten pages appeared torn, as if from a journal. Gordy held up the last handwritten page. “This signature, it looks like ‘AH.’ Does this mean who I think it does?” 
“Adolf Hitler wrote this, in August 1934,” Jane whispered. “Can you read it?”
Gordy peered. “Some of it. Such bizarre handwriting. How did people write like this? I need my dictionary.” He read. He translated. Read on ... 
He glanced at the clock. A half hour had passed. He’d gotten halfway down one page. It was a personal letter. Hitler was complaining that he wished he had more time to watch movies, but being Germany’s predestined leader kept him too busy. Then he was going on about the humid weather, and the high price of gasoline for his personal airplane, and how he would change that. The cost of airplane fuel? Gordy sighed. As far as documents went, he did not have the Midas touch. All he touched turned to dull. 
Jane laid a hand on Gordy’s leg. Her face was hard, and a little pale. She moved closer. “You must listen to me, because I’m trying to tell you something. Farther in this letter, Hitler details his direction of something called the Röhm Purge, or Blood Purge.”
“The Röhm Purge? You’re kidding.” Gordy knew this one. He and Tad had just been talking about it. In late June of 1934, Hitler had scores of his old party comrades eliminated. It was a brutal power play. Hitler was out to weaken his cocky brownshirts — the so-called SA, who were led by a diehard thug named Ernst Röhm. “Hitler, he did the purge to please the Army, big business, the establishment conservatives who put him in power, because the SA brass were a bunch of radical Socialists — Reds almost. They were the Socialism in National Socialism.”
“Yes. But you mustn’t speak so loud.” 
“Okay, okay,” Gordy whispered. “The purge meant the end of any revolution from within the party, and the end of any leadership apart from Hitler’s. In the purge the SS did all the killing for Hitler, to prove their loyalty. Got rid of that nasty Röhm. Of course, the SS did all his dirty work from then on.” Most of this material was Tad’s, who had really surprised Gordy with his knowledge. Thank god for Tad. 
Jane opened her mouth to speak. Gordy continued: “And so, in the end, the purge voided any and all pretenders to the throne.” 
Jane took a deep breath, as if she’d just said the whole thing herself. “Outstanding. You’ve earned your Fulbright.”
“Thanks. That’s funny, you sound like Tad.”
“Who?”
“Nothing,” Gordy said. “Just rambling. I guess you probably know this stuff.”
Jane shrugged. “So, this letter would be significant regarding the purge alone, would it not?” Gordy nodded. Jane lifted another page. As she read, she held onto her bandanna as if it was coming off her head in the wind. She reread. “Now, tell me, what if Hitler himself killed his old friend Ernst Röhm? I mean to say, what if he admitted pulling the trigger himself?” 
“You have that?” Gordy slapped his hands together. It rang out like a shot. The researchers whipped around and glared. He held up a hand and muttered, “Sorry, dudes, sorry,” in English. 
“Gordy,” Jane growled. She read on. “In here, yes, right here, Hitler writes that he shot SA Leader Röhm in his jail cell, execution-style at the base of the head ...”
“That’s huge,” Gordy whispered. “No one’s been able to prove that. Hitler wasn’t supposed to have taken part. He only ordered it. Most sources say he was present, but that’s as far as they’ll go. See, historians view Hitler as somewhat reserved socially. The guy liked his tea in the afternoon, and he never drank.” Tad had thought this was funny. It sounded boring to Gordy. You’re a dictator. Now and then you need to let it all hang out.
“Hitler was a vegetarian,” Jane said. 
“Exactly. And physically he was kind of a wuss. So if this says that he got his own hands bloody, on the spot, then we might really be onto something.” It was like magic. Gordy was some kind of warlock. He had stretched the truth at Oktoberfest, more or less, and here he was onto a truth wilder than the one he had stretched. “I can’t believe we found this.”
“We?” Jane batted her eyelashes. “I found them. If you don’t mind me saying. You were sleeping.”
“True. Right. Yes.”
“And this was as far as Ray got, according to the log. I suspect he was just getting started. If only he didn’t smash into that beer wagon.” Jane showed her snaggle tooth. 
“Yes, such a pity.” 
Jane grabbed Gordy’s arm. “I am not joking. We have come a far way. Now, we must have copies made. Ray never made copies, and now he has nothing. The archive has a copying service.” 
Tad had told Gordy the same thing — don’t forget to get copies. They were both so good. “Right. Okay. Good idea.”
“I know. I know you know. And then, you will buy me a drink.”

ELEVEN

Jane picked a bar instead of a beer hall, an American-style lounge in a swankier block of Old Town. Johnny’s, the joint was called. The drinks were strong. The booth was dark. Time to work some magic. Gently, Gordy tugged on Jane’s pigtails and pulled her face to his. She laughed at this. He kissed her. She wiggled her tongue in his ear. It tickled. Under the table, he moved to cop a feel. She placed his hand back on the table. 
“Nein. We must keep our heads screwed tight on,” she said. 
The archive obsessed her. She only wanted to talk about their find. They had just found a letter in which Adolf Hitler admitted to killing his own comrades with his own hand. By the same logic, she reasoned, why could there not exist yet another letter in which Hitler admits to ordering the Holocaust? It was, in theory, all that Gordy had been seeking with his Fulbright. It was also idealistic and highly speculative, Gordy thought. And yet he played along. By the second drink, he wondered if Jane had other motives for shutting him down. Had he not proved himself worthy yet? Could she have another boyfriend? Or, did she suspect he had (had) a girlfriend back home? By the third drink, he was almost relieved Jane didn’t let him move too fast. Hadn’t he always moved too fast? It started fast with Gwen and look where that had left him. With Jane, his mind would just have to rule his heart. The only problem was, his heart wasn’t only in his chest. While in the booth and horny for Jane his underwear had gotten bunched up, and he had to hit the men’s room to straighten it all out. 
Back at the apartment, Tad had Hitler and Holocaust history books piled on the bed. Two were open in his lap and he was taking notes. “What took you so long? Your archive closed at five.”
“You know me,” Gordy muttered, wondering how best to change his underwear without Tad noticing. “Can’t get enough.” 
As Tad scribbled a couple last notes, Gordy snatched fresh underwear from the cabinet and ducked into the washing cell for a shower. 
“Wait, I had an idea,” Tad shouted to Gordy as he turned on the water. “Can’t believe I didn’t think of it before. Does the archive have a log? I mean, one you’re free to look at?”
“I can track Sloane that way,” Gordy shouted back. “I know. Thanks, I already thought of it. It’s been a big help.”
“Really?”
“Sure. Hold on.” Gordy stepped into the rickety plastic cell and washed up. The water wasn’t hot enough, his limbs ached, the drinks were wearing off, and he felt like a heel. He wanted to tell Tad more, he really did. Tad was the one who should be in the archive. He should have picked Tad over Jane. But Tad didn’t look like a Hee-Haw girl and a biker chick not to be messed with, did he? And how shallow of him was that? Sooner than later, he would have to introduce the two of them. By the time Gordy had finished, the water had warmed up and his spirits improved. What was done, was done. For now, blatant lying was best. He toweled off, pulled on the fresh underwear and his clothes, and came back out. 
“I’m into the last box of folders Sloane had,” he told Tad. “It looks like more of the same old memos, but there must be something in there or he wouldn’t have been acting so weird, would he?” He sighed. “It’s a lot of translating.”
“When can I see?”
“Soon as I find something. I’ll get copies made, just like you said. Hey, listen, you’ve been a huge help.” 
“Great. You say it’s boring, but I have to admit I’m a bit jealous. I’m really starting to like this shit. These books. You know, it might be the first thing I ever liked?”
“Great. That’s great.”

Jane and Gordy were in the archive early the next morning, so early that the other researchers hadn’t arrived. They took the box of folders to their usual table. Jane had lost the bandanna but kept the braided pigtails. Within minutes she discovered another handwritten letter and started reading it. Gordy, inspired, set out his dictionaries and the rest. Meanwhile the other researchers wandered in, their hair nappy from sleep and static-producing knit caps. Gordy smiled and nodded at them. 
“Mein Gott,” Jane whispered. “This second letter? It’s a love letter. And it’s not from you-know-who, it’s to him — it’s to AH.” She had taken to using Hitler’s initials, saying them in German. They sounded like “ah-ha.”
“It’s to Hitler? A love letter to Hitler?”
“Ja.” Jane held the page close, rereading it. “Most of it’s dull, and rather silly if you are asking me. A lover’s words.”
“Creepy. But, who could it be from?”
“You are a Fulbright scholar. Can you not make a guess?”
“Yes. Right.” Gordy held up the page and stared at it. The handwriting was even worse than Hitler’s. He stared on, racking his brain to recall his early Hitler. If only Tad were here. “Nothing hits me on the head,” he said. “Eva Braun wasn’t around till later. Hitler did have a niece he liked, Geli Raubal, and Geli did commit suicide, some say he did it, but ... I don’t know. Who?” 
Jane’s fingers clenched the edge of the table, her knuckles white. “Think harder. You must. And faster!”
“All right, all right.” Gordy glared at the page and read as best he could, not bothering to check the dictionaries. The letter was addressed to “Dear Comrade,” and yet Jane said it was a love letter? 
Then it hit him. He slapped the page down. “It’s from a guy? No way!” 
“Psst!” The other researchers glared at them. 
“Verzeihung,” Jane said and held up a hand. She turned to Gordy, whispering. “I’m sure it’s a male. Very certain. It must be. Even the handwriting is male.”
“A man? Oh, man ... So, who is it?”
“Who can know? It requires much more detecting. And AH, he knew so many men,” Jane began to say, but then she sighed and let her hands drop between her legs. 
“What? What is it?”
“I don’t feel well calling Hitler by name like we are, as though we are searching through some kind old uncle’s estate. Do you understand? I’m a German. Adolf Hitler was a monstrous horror. He is to blame for so much. Even his initials bring attention.” 
“Okay. It’s okay,” Gordy said, stroking a pigtail. “So we’ll just call him something else, all right? We’ll give this whole deal a code name.”
“A super idea! Much like these disguises you wear. In this way we can talk freely. But what code name?”
“Anything. Something opposite. Something stupid. Howbout Bozo? Or Barnaby? Otto.”
“Otto? The Otto Letters? That is crap!”
“What about ‘Gwen’? Gwen’s a good code —” Gordy snapped his lips shut but it was too late. 
Jane was frowning at him. “I find such a name rather odd.”
“You’re right, it’s no good, won’t work at all —”
“But I like it. Odd is best, as you say. Yes, I do like it. AH is now Gwen, and these letters are the Gwen Letters. It’s excellent, Gordy, excellent.” Jane had some trouble with the W in Gwen — it wanted to come out like a V. She repeated the name, perfecting the W, and had also placed a hand on Gordy’s knee. Her fingers were dancing up his thigh.
“Okay,” Gordy muttered, unable to stop it. 
He gazed out the window. Out in the courtyard the daylight had turned a strange purple-gray, and the general statue showed contours of white — a dusting of snow, and Gordy only now noticed, after all this time, that the general had a sword out, down low. The general had been frozen showing Gordy his sword, it seemed. As if to warn him? Perhaps it was an omen. 
“There is one thing,” Gordy said. “What if this is some kind of hoax, like that Hitler Diaries scandal a few years ago? People would laugh. Or worse.”
“Ah. You are correct.” Jane tapped Gordy’s mechanical pencil at her chin, deep in thought. “This is why we shall be patient. And, in time, we should obtain a verification — a, how do you say? Die Kohlenstoffmethode.”
“Right. Carbon dating, I think it’s called. To date the paper. Confirm its age.”
“Yes. And a handwriting verification. But not yet.” 
“No.” Gordy shook his head. Hell, no. If they requested anything like that, the archive would know they were on to something. Then the press would find out, and they would be sure to look into Gordy’s true background. And they would tear him apart. A complete imposter! Then people would be laughing for sure. And Jane would hate him. She could harm him physically. 
“You’re right. We should go very, very slow,” he added. “If there’s one thing I’ve learned as a Fulbright, it’s great patience.”
It took them most of the morning to go through the letter. Even Jane had trouble with it. They took a quick lunch — a ham pretzel for Jane, a sausage and a roll for Gordy. And they were back at it. By two p.m. the archive assistant was flicking the lights in the reading room. The archive was closing early, Jane explained, for the Catholic holiday coming the next day. Jane didn’t even know which one. Bavaria had more Catholic holidays than breweries, it seemed. 
A cold, thin light had dimmed the Schönfeldstrasse. In an hour or two it would be dark. It was little warmer in the subway but Gordy didn’t mind, because Jane was holding his hand. She led him down the wrong platform. 
“This U-3 heads south. Where we going?”
Jane smiled. She tightened her grip. “I have a bottle of Jim Beam at my flat.”
“Oh,” Gordy said, “cool.” 
As they waited for the U-3, Jane slipped a hand up his bomber jacket and drew close to him. 
“I can’t believe all this is happening,” Gordy said. “You couldn’t make this up.”
“No. I know,” Jane said. “Is it not exciting?” She twisted her finger around a pigtail. She fluttered her eyelids. The archive was the way to her heart, it seemed. Yet Gordy was the moonstruck one. The people passing and talking blurred as he followed the soft lines of her face, her freckles spaced so equally, her eyes on his as if directing him. Guys are stupid, like cows, he thought in a brief moment of clarity. Did she know it? That just by laying her hand on his leg she could have ordered — no, suggested — they jump into the path of the next train and he would have obliged, nodding and slobbering and stomping his hoofs all the way. What the heck? She was hot. 
Inside the subway car, Jane snuggled him. Plunged her fingers between his legs, laid her head on his shoulder. He stroked her cheek. She looked up to him, her teeth readied like she wanted to smile or bite or both, her snaggle tooth sliding along the tip of her little pink tongue. Gordy was getting worked up. He had to pull her jacket over his lap.
In a voice that somehow reminded him of raspberry liquor she chanted, “You are such a fine researcher, Gordy, such a fine researcher, ja?”
“Me? Yes. Oh, yes.”
At the same time, he thought he saw three neo-Nazi skinheads walking along the outside of their subway car. The train had stopped at another station. Jane’s head was nuzzled in his chest. Gordy said nothing. Only stroked her pigtail. They were definitely skinheads, he could tell by their goofy outfits. But he couldn’t make out their faces, for he was nearsighted and they were too far away. 
They jumped on the adjoining car, just before the car departed. People cleared a path for them. Gordy saw them through the end window. They were facing his way. One of the neo-Nazis even had hair, like the leader one had that fateful night on the edge of the English Garden. Were they staring at him? Watching them? Gordy couldn’t see their eyes, and there were so many riders on the train. If only he had his disguise glasses.
But then the three got off at the stop before Jane’s. And Gordy told himself it was only a coincidence. Things were going too well. He had trusted Jane this far, and look how far it had gotten him. 

TWELVE

Jane lived in the Haidhausen area, just across the Isar River near the East Train Station. Her neighborhood was changing and she wasn’t happy about it. New bars and cafes were attracting what she called the “trendy schickimicki people.” “They call themselves artists and writers yet they never seem to be making the art or writing,” she had told Gordy on the subway. “Then they always moan about having no money, and yet one sees them out sucking on their tall drinks and stuffing their stomachs. Why is that, Gordy?”
“Why? I’ll tell you why. They’re imposters. Hypocrites. Losers. Yeah,” Gordy had said, wishing he had a big fat tall drink right about then.
Most of all, Jane reported, the rising cost of living was offsetting any rent controls. Higher prices for everything from pastries to laxatives had already forced out her 80-year old neighbor, a Turkish immigrant and a retired cleaning woman; now renting that flat was a young activist fresh from Hamburg who professed to be a champion of the blue-collar, the retired, and the immigrant. Jane lived in a narrow dead-end lane. The building was a rare pre-war relic, fortunate enough to escape the American bombers that had flattened 90 percent of inner Munich in 1944-45. Unfortunately, the lobby and stairs also carried a distinct odor that smelled to Gordy like seaweed or freshly turned earth. He kept this to himself and held his breath as they climbed the stairs to the third floor, where Jane had a spacious corner flat. It had a large kitchen and a living room with a red leather sofa. In contrast to her bookstore, the tables and chairs were stacked with magazines, newspapers, and books, and the corners piled with vintage clothes and shoes and old albums, blues and jazz and R&B. 
They drank her Jim Beam. They snuggled on the red leather sofa. They made out. They kept making out. Minutes, then hours seemed to pass. Gordy’s loins were aching like he’d been riding a bicycle cross-country. But he wasn’t about to push it. 
Jane slapped at the red leather and stood. “So. This is where you sleep tonight. All right, mein Liebling?”
Gordy stared at her. 
“I sleep in my bedroom,” she said.
Gordy kept staring.
“It would give me great pleasure to have you here tonight.”
“On the sofa,” Gordy said.
“Yes. Please.” Jane kissed him on the forehead. She gave his crotch a soft squeeze, and then stepped back. “No, I must not make you more geil. That’s not fair of me.” 
“You mean, ‘horny.’ Geil means horny. No, you shouldn’t.”
She brought Gordy a pillow and turned the lights down. Then she left him. Gordy lay in the dark, listening. He heard her in the bathroom. Then she was in her bedroom, with the door left open, the sheets swishing as she got into bed. 
“Gordy?” she said from her bedroom.
“Yeah.”
“Good night. Sleep good.”
“You too.” Gordy turned on his side and gazed at the main window, a dim blue moonlit square. He could have kept her up. They could have just talked. At least she could give him that much. He wanted to know all about her. Yet this meant telling her more about him. He wondered if she had been thinking the same thing.
He hiccupped. The Jim Beam whisky had left a burn in his chest and lower throat. It was indigestion. Just what he needed. He hiccupped again. 
“I’ll bet you didn’t do this to Ray Sloane,” he blurted. 
“Please, Gordy. I beg of you. Let’s have sleeping now.” 
“You’re right. Sorry.” Gordy hiccupped again, and it burned. Then it stopped. He spread out, on his back. The leather was worked in and soft. He yawned. He closed his eyes, and he fell into sleep. 
Some time later, he woke to a strange moaning sound. And more sheet-swishing. It came from the bedroom. Letting his eyes adjust, he crawled across the living room and peeked in. Jane’s knees shifted under the sheets. She seemed to be pleasuring herself, and yet seemed to be doing it in her sleep. She was a sleepwalker masturbator.
“Talk about geil,” he muttered. On the way back to the sofa, he grabbed some paper towel from the roll in the kitchen. 
Some time after, he heard Jane snoring. 
The next thing he knew, daylight was beaming through the window. Something was moist on his cheek — he’d been drooling on the pillow. He checked his G-Shock watch on the coffee table. It was 8 a.m. He hit the bathroom, flushed the paper towel, and then peeked into Jane’s bedroom. It was dim in there but he saw her sleeping on her stomach, her head under pillows. Half her bottom was out, glowing like a giant Mento. She grunted, in her sleep. He tiptoed into the room and kissed the Mento. Then he got dressed. 
Jane’s sleepy voice stopped him at the door. “Gordy? You go now?”
“Hi. Yeah. I have ... stuff to take care of. How did you, uh, sleep?”
“Well.”
“I’ll bet,” he muttered.
“Thank you for staying,” she said. “And thank you for the kiss.”
“Welcome. I’ll call you. Okay?”
“Okay. I would like that very much.”
Out on the sidewalk Gordy’s head hurt, but it wasn’t the whisky. He hadn’t slept that great after all, he now recalled. He had tossed and turned. He had brooded over why Jane had even wanted him to stay. Maybe she really was scared of the neo-Nazi skinheads — or whatever they were? Then he had agonized over playing the scholar. Was that really him? He was better off researching Munich’s beer halls, he spent so much time in them. He turned a corner, the cold wind pinching at his ears. Was this what growing old meant, he wondered — lying wide-awake in the middle of the night and ruing your fate? 
At least he had decided on one thing. It was time to tell Tad. 

Since it was early on a holiday, the subway had been nearly vacant. The former Olympic Village was a ghost town. As Gordy crossed the empty parking lot, he saw a light on up in his eleventh-floor sublet. Tad. 
Tad opened the door wearing his terry cloth robe and jeans. “My god, I thought the skinheads got to you,” he joked. “What did you do, hook up?”
“Yes. Well, sort of.”
“So who is it?”
“Huh? Hold on.” Gordy dropped on the bed.
“You look like shit.”
“I know.” 
Tad handed him a coffee, turned the desk chair rearward and sat, his hands hanging off the chair back. Beyond him dense and pale clouds loomed, solid like a slab of frozen milk, the pigeon netting crisscrossing it all. Sipping the coffee, Gordy noticed Tad really had done a lot with the room these last couple weeks. He’d added an area rug, a nappy but comfy corduroy chair, and a color TV he found at a flea market for forty marks. And he didn’t want a pfennig from Gordy for any of it, he’d said; it was the least he could do for letting him stay.
“Well? So?” Tad said.
Gordy set down the coffee. And talked. He got it all out in one big dump, starting with the hidden documents in the archive. First, there was the typed document that spelled out how Hitler had directed the official version of the Röhm Purge. Then came the first handwritten letter, which showed the real history — Hitler had ordered the purge to consolidate the party and please the old-line conservatives, certainly; but he had also murdered his old comrade Ernst Röhm with his own hand. Amazingly, this was also a love letter. But it didn’t stop there. A second handwritten correspondence was the return love letter — and it appeared to be from a guy. It was amazing, all of it. Poor Ray Sloane had sensed only the tip of the iceberg. Plus, they seemed to be on track for more. That was what Jane thought, anyway. Gordy thought she was being optimistic. It was going to take a lot of work — a shit load of work, and Gordy wasn’t sure he was up to it even if he really was a Fulbrighter. He remembered to tell Tad about their goofy code name — the Gwen Letters. Also, he was sorry. Very sorry. He had misled Tad and that was just not cool. 
By the time Gordy was done, his coffee was cold. Tad’s hands had clenched the back of the chair. Tad was staring. Or something. He didn’t even blink. 
“You don’t believe me,” Gordy said.
“Believe you?” Tad made a grunting sound. 
Sighing, Gordy got up and heated some water. 
“And, what about this girl? This Jane?” Tad said. 
“There’s only so much to tell.” Gordy told all he knew about Jane, starting with her real name of Jutta. Her connection to Sloane. He even included the previous night’s humiliating events, excluding, of course, his encounter with the paper towel. 
Tad smirked. He asked Gordy how he’d slept, all pent up like that. Like crap, Gordy said, how do you think? Tad laughed. Then his face went blank again. “Why’d you wait so long to tell me?”
“I didn’t know how to. You should’ve been in the archive with me. But she had the Sloane connection, you know? Plus, you never like my girlfriends.”
“She’s not your girlfriend, Gord. You should tell yourself that. You should tell yourself that a lot.” Tad stared at his feet, shaking his head. “You know, I knew something was up with you. You’d quit wearing disguises. I just didn’t know what.”
“I know. Look, I really am sorry. I couldn’t have done any of this without you. It’s all really exciting, actually. It should be anyway. I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I’m more excited about Jane.”
“Sure you are. That’s because she’s taking your mind off Gwen. Pretty ominous that you haven’t heard from Gwen, don’t you think?” 
“Think? I don’t know what to think,” Gordy muttered.
Gordy showered. Tad showered. They ate stale bread slathered with Nutella. Tad hated Nutella. He asked a lot of questions about the archive materials. Gordy answered as best as he could. Then, Tad piled his history books on the bed and flipped between indexes, chapters, and photos as Gordy stared at a soccer game on TV. One of Tad’s books was a classic study on Hitler in the original German. Tad held up the thick volume and said: “This doesn’t say anything remotely about Hitler being gay. Not a word.” 
Gordy shrugged. “Jane, she could get you a good deal on books,” he added, but Tad was already back in his books and didn’t seem to hear. Gordy killed the time by listing Munich beer halls on a pad of paper: in a first column, all those he’d visited; in the second, those he hadn’t visited; and the third he left blank for those he’d still discover. 
Eventually Tad went for a walk, saying he wanted to go alone. Gordy thought about calling Jane, but didn’t. He fell asleep in the corduroy chair. An hour later, Tad returned with two ham-and-cheese rolls from the U-Bahn station. He handed Gordy both of them. Then he went out on the balcony to smoke. All morning the pigeons had been flapping at the green netting. Seeing Tad come out to them, they flew away. 
Gordy let Tad smoke most of his cigarette. Then he pulled on his bomber jacket and went out. 
“Hey,” Tad said. Out on the balcony he had a banged-up metal table and two more plastic chairs he secured from the building’s Hausmeister after intensive bargaining and a lot of schnapps. Gordy sat in a chair. Tad blew smoke through the netting, and sat. They gazed out. The low dense clouds had blurred the BMW sign. 
“I like what you’re doing with the place,” Gordy said. 
Tad sputtered a laugh. 
“No, I mean it.”
Tad lit another cigarette. “I don’t know. I mean, what the hell do you do with a notorious dictator’s love letters?”
“They’re love letters to a man. Don’t forget that. So we’d be outing Hitler, for starters. You — of all people — should get off on that.” 
“Because of the Senator?” Tad shook his head. “No, I — of all people — should not get off on that. Besides, the Senator is no Hitler.”
“No. I didn’t mean it like that. He’s a great man. He, he got me my Fulbright —” 
“Gord, stop. You’re making me nervous. Of course you didn’t mean it. But, before you get too inspired, I just think you should consider the consequences. I mean, don’t you think this all sounds a little out there as far as common sense, even scholarship is concerned?”
Gordy slapped at his forehead. “Look at me. How should I know? This is what I’m saying.”
“Okay. But, really ... do you really believe Hitler would admit to all that murder business, and in a little love letter at that?” 
“We’re saying Hitler too much. Use the code name.”
Tad rolled his eyes. “Look, I hate to say it, but I wouldn’t be surprised if they were fake. All right? There. You want to know what I think, and I’m telling you. I don’t mean to knock it. It sounds like a lot of fun. But you got to watch out. Remember those bogus Hitler Diaries from a few years back? The ones Time magazine bought for zillions? Weren’t those written with correctly aged ink and paper?” 
“Sure they were, but —”
“But that’s all I’m saying. I’d love to take a look at those letters, though. I’m sure they’re well done.” 
“I’m having copies made,” Gordy said. “Jane thinks they’re real,” he added.
Tad blew a long barrel of smoke. “Okay. Let’s say they are real. Then we’re back to the same problem: what people are supposed to make of it.”
“It could be big for all we know. Couldn’t it? Set off a whole new trend: publishing infamous people’s love letters, or diaries, or —”
“Oh, please. Love letters? Diaries? That’s no trend; it’s not even a fad. It’s just sap. You might as well have a farmer’s wife’s diary sell millions, or a guy who can talk to horses or something. Next thing you’ll be telling me gay lovers are starring in their own sitcom. Nobody gives a shit, and neither will publishers.”
“Fads come out of nowhere. For all we know, people could be wearing Hitler mustaches by 1995. Gay guys would be all over it —” 
“I never said outing the Senator wasn’t crappy of me,” Tad blurted. “Okay? But I haven’t gone through with it yet, have I?”
“No. Okay.” 
“Okay then.” Tad reached under the metal table, where the last two of their beers stood in their plastic crate. He opened one using the end of his lighter as a lever and passed the other to Gordy. Gordy could never open with a lighter. But he could with his teeth. He held his bottle to his mouth. Tad snatched it away, snapping “I don’t want you breaking a tooth,” and opened it. He handed it back, and they sipped. They stared out, in silence. A couple pigeons flew past, eyeing them. A few snowflakes brushed the netting. Gordy shivered a little, but the lager was helping. Tad said: 
“And you still think it’s dangerous, your archive? Still believe in those neo-Nazis? Your conspiracy theory? You never said anything about that.”
“I don’t not believe. How could I? If these guys are good enough, I wouldn’t even know they’re following me, would I? Ray Sloane certainly had no idea. But Jane doesn’t think so. She’s like you, but more so. She gets pissed when I even bring it up.”
“As well she should.”
They drank. Far off in the distance, they heard a siren. On one of the other balconies, someone was grilling sausages. Gordy thought about the two ham-and-cheese rolls, warm inside on the corduroy chair. 
“I’m going to have to meet this Jane,” Tad said. “I mean, that’s why you’re telling me all this, right?”
“Yes. That’s my plan.”
“Your plan?” Tad chuckled. He lifted his bottle to his mouth. “Oh, she’s good, I’ll give her that. Sure is a novel way of robbing the cradle — seduce ‘em with irresistible archival research. I suppose you haven’t told her you’re not a Fulbrighter.”
“No. No, I haven’t. Would you?”
“That’s different. I’m not you.” Tad sighed. “So, okay, I suppose you want me to go along with the Fulbrighter line, too.”
Gordy nodded. 
“For as long as it takes,” Tad added.
“What does that supposed to mean?”
“In case you give yourself away. Or she finds out. Either way. That is, provided she hasn’t figured it out already.”

THIRTEEN

Gordy hurried Tad through the Marienplatz subway station, a vast U-Bahn underland of shops, booths, cafes, and escalators leading to other escalators, cafes, booths, shops. White tiles covered the walls, floors, ceilings; it was as if the world’s largest bathhouse had been emptied and filled with kitschy gifts, fast food, and all the newspapers of the world. Countless newsstands had the latest. “Saddam Hussein Prepares Bloodletting In Kuwait City; US Vows Assistance,” reported the Herald Tribune. “President Bush Declares Cold War Over,” stated Die Zeit. Tad, stalling, wanted to stop and catch the very latest from home but Gordy pushed him onward, strutting along with his goofy Estacamas bounce. 
Goofy be damned, Gordy thought. He was in a fine mood and so should Tad. For the first meeting of Tad and Jane, Gordy had picked the Weisses Bräuhaus in Old Town. The quaint old beer hall had a stellar location and bona fide atmosphere, but Gordy really picked it because they poured a legendary beer called Aventinus — a dark, unfiltered, high alcohol wheat bock. The place also topped his second column listing of beer halls not yet visited. Yet Tad’s head hung and he shuffled along. He had been that way all day, ever since Gordy had announced the meeting was on. It should have been the other way around. Gordy had feared this. Now he was relieved to get it over with. Besides, he would get to taste a legendary beer along the way.
Tad tried to lead Gordy away from the right exit escalator, but Gordy turned him around and they found themselves rising onto the Marienplatz, the square that was the center of Old Town. His thirst mounting, Gordy marveled at the surrounding old buildings’ ornate windows and quaint murals, their roofs so steep. The neo-Gothic City Hall loomed, her spires so high they threatened to burst the dense, leaden rain clouds. The dusky light painting her stones and gargoyles in theatrical blue-grays. No matter that this was all rebuilt after the war — it was still a medieval square, a wonderland that only a suburban kid with a strip mall for a backyard could fully appreciate. He had imagined this square in the thirties, the Polizei in leather overcoats surveying the brawling mobs from atop shiny horses, their peaked helmets blocking the sun. He loved uniforms, the cockier the better — stiff epaulettes, cryptic insignia, crossed straps and jodhpurs. In previous travels he had photographed Spanish Policía, Italian Guardia, and East German border patrol. Gwen, deep into Women’s Studies by then, had called this a “frightening fetish of latent militarism,” yet Gordy had argued that none of this made him a Fascist. He didn’t want to wear the stuff any more than he cared to put on one of Gwen’s gunnysack dresses or her denim overalls. Wool was too itchy and the boots wouldn’t let his feet breathe, he was sure of that. No, he had only wanted to understand what was to him an exotic Hawaii of regal tradition, and custom, and poses. Then it occurred to him — maybe this all appealed to the poser in him? His thoughts darkened. 
He tripped on an uneven cobblestone. “Calm down,” Tad said. They were looking for Jane, but the tourist crowds were heavy and the shoppers came in waves. “Don’t see how we’re going to find her here,” Tad muttered. 
“Here I am,” Jane said, appearing right behind them (as if, Gordy couldn’t help thinking, she’d been spying on them and now decided to make her move). 
“Hi,” Gordy said. 
She gave Gordy a long hug. She had on her vintage leather jacket, sexy black boots, and a cute and floppy rain hat. She turned to Tad. Tad was looking away, at a violin shop of all things, his hands stuffed in his pockets. 
“Hello, Tad. I’m Jane.” She held out her hand.
Tad stared at the hand as if it held a steaming mound of horse dung. He shook, quickly. “I thought it was Jutta,” he said.
“It is also that,” Jane said. Glancing at Gordy. 
They all had their elbows out, to deflect any wandering tourists.
Tad gave Jane a once-over. His eyes stopped up high, at the floppy hat. “So, you’re the one who gets Gordy harder than Chinese algebra?” 
Jane stared, her face blank. “I don’t understand that,” she said. She couldn’t have understood the idiom, but she got Tad’s message. Just then a man backed into her aiming a camera. She kneed him in the leg and shouldered him back into the crowd. “Perhaps you’d like to rephrase that — or put it in German?”
“No, that’s all right. It doesn’t translate so well.” 
“Hah, yes, well, maybe we should push on?” Gordy said. Wringing his hands. 
The crowds didn’t let up as they pushed on and they had little room for small talk. Gordy walked between Tad and Jane. He was expecting a storm from Jane, but she appeared patient. A large and weary-looking group of Indian tourists cut Tad off. As he navigated the crowd to rejoin them, Jane yanked at Gordy’s arm. “Your friend has such a sunny face,” she whispered, “and yet his shoulders carry so much heavy weight. Something bothers him, deep inside. Yes? Do you not see it?”
“Sure. I see it. Why wouldn’t I see it? Sure.” 
The Weisses Bräuhaus was a long and narrow hall with wood pillars the color of coffee and a vaulted ceiling of faded murals blurred by decades, if not centuries, of cigarette smoke. In the doorway they stomped the cold off their boots and surveyed the crowd. At the nearest table beer bellies, missing teeth, and matted hair were definitely in fashion. 
“Lovely,” Jane said. 
“Smells like puke,” Tad said. 
Ah, but Gordy’s nostrils were warming to it. This was the smell of strong beer, of fatty pork and sauerkraut, of cheap cigarettes (and, regrettably, the occasional phlegmy smokers cough). The rowdy din of drunken conversations. There was nowhere to sit but they got lucky — in the corner closest, ten or so young Australians rose with unsteady force and stumbled toward the door. Gordy bolted for their spot. Knotty and slick, their table ran parallel to a stained glass window of colored circles framed in lead. They slid all the way down to the corner. Tad, facing out, got the view of the crowded hall, while Jane and Gordy, facing the corner, got little but those stained glass circles — purple, red, orange and green and sapphire. Server lady passed and barked at them. Gordy and Tad ordered the Aventinus; Jane did a lager. 
They made the usual cross-cultural small talk. First it was the buildup in the Persian Gulf. Then it was dubbed American TV shows. The Aventinus seemed to help Tad cope, at first. It was a grand strong beer, chocolate in color and rich and a little bit creamy. It came in a special long glass with a bulbous top. Gordy, warming up fast, toasted Jane and Tad. 
But Tad had leaned back, his shoulder to the corner. He lit a cigarette and shook out the match. He’d put himself just out of speaking range. Gordy shrugged and drank.
“Do you notice Tad’s eyes?” Jane whispered to Gordy. “How they are moving.”
“Huh? No.” Jane was right. Slow and lingering, Tad’s eyes were following someone out in the room, back and forth, far away and close in again. He was making eyes with someone, and how. A trio of exquisite Munich blondes sauntered in and Tad didn’t so much as glance at them.
They ordered another round of the all-mighty Aventinus. Whoever this Aventinus fellow was, Gordy proclaimed, he must have been a goddamn saint. They talked about the archive, and what great fortune they had. Here was Tad’s chance to assert himself. Yet Tad hardly contributed. His eyes were too busy leading his brain. Evening was darkening the stained glass circles, and the circles began to reflect the light inside the hall. In the darkest of the circles, Gordy made out a flowing white figure — that Tad’s eyes followed. Jane nudged Gordy. She’d seen it too. This was Tad’s prey. 
Gordy turned around but saw nothing but drunken Italians singing and thick-faced Munichers huddled over their beers.
“What are you looking at?” Jane said to Tad.
“What? Nothing. People watching, what else,” Tad muttered. He lowered his head and sipped his beer. Around them the voices and dishes clanged. Jane studied Tad’s face, undeterred by their lack of conversation. A little silence between friends never seemed to bother Germans. Gordy wished he could be more like that. 
He nodded to his glass and lifted it. “So, isn’t this place great,” he began —
“Hey, you,” Tad blurted, “What do you want from him? Huh?” He’d said it to Jane. He reached over and pushed at Gordy. “Him, this guy.” 
Yes, it was the Aventinus talking. But Gordy guessed it was also a ploy to distract them from Tad’s distraction. Jane’s face had turned hard. She pushed a strand of hair off her cheek. “I welcome Gordy’s expertise. He welcomes mine. And, then, I guess we just hit it off, as you say.”
“Hit it off, hmph.” Tad snickered. 
Jane faced Gordy and smiled, pretending to turn affectionate. She ran her fingers through Gordy’s hair. But she watched Tad out of the corner of her eye. Again Tad had let his eyes wander.
“You know how excited Gordy is about his find?” Tad continued. “I have to use a code-name — The Gwen Letters. What bullshit. You know who Gwen is, Janie?”
“It’s Jane. And, no, I do not know who Gwen is.” Jane had pulled back from Gordy.
“Maybe, uh, we should get something to eat,” Gordy said.
“Those letters — those Gwen Letters, they need to be carbon-dated,” Tad continued. He stroked his chin, and French-inhaled, his eyes drifting again.
“I know. This is important ...” Jane spoke about the process involved, how long they might have to wait for the results, really dragging it out. 
Tad’s eyes floated now. A corner of his mouth had turned up, in a smile.
Jane whipped around. 
Tad’s prey was a young and dark hunk of a waiter — Turkish, or Sicilian maybe, and only mildly startled. His eyes narrowed at Jane, and then he flipped a sopping black lock from his forehead and marched off. 
Gordy sat frozen. Thank god he still had beer left. He grabbed his glass with both hands and gulped. Jane had turned back around. Tad was glaring into his lap with horror, as if he’d just pissed himself.
“Gordy, he has never taken the time to watch your eyes,” Jane said. “And what is behind them.”
“It’s no big,” Gordy muttered, “it’s cool —”
“Eyes tell a lot — ain’t that a cliché. So what!” Tad had shouted. Gordy didn’t think he’d ever heard him shout. Faces turned their way. Jane stared on, waiting for more. Tad stubbed out his cigarette, pulled his hand to his chest and left it there, like a wounded claw. He added a sigh. “Oh, but there’s people who would give a shit.”
Jane turned to Gordy. 
“Who, me?” Gordy said. “What are you talking about? I knew it all along.” 
“Right,” Tad said. “And I’m Morton Downey Jr.”
“Tad, look at me,” Jane said. “Thank you. Can you answer me one thing — have you ever thought of telling Gordy about this?”
Tad emptied his tall, bulbous glass, and stared at it. He closed his eyes. When he opened them again, they were bloodshot. “No. Yes. — I mean, I don’t fancy Gordy — not at all.” He’d just used the word “fancy” as a verb. He chuckled at that. He kept his eyes on Jane. “You see, Gord’s not really my type. And, he’d never go for that anyway. It’s just that, I want us to remain friends. I don’t want him to shun me, you know, not like —”
“Hello? I’m right here,” Gordy said.
Jane slapped at Gordy’s knee. “Like what?” she said. “The others? What others? From the sound of it you’ve kept this pretty quiet.” She reached for Tad’s hand, to show she was with him, but he pulled his hand under the table. “Be that way if you must,” she continued. “But I think you should tell him. Don’t you? It’s only fair.”
Gordy, rolling his eyes, let out a groan. 
“No. I don’t know ... Okay.” Tad looked to Gordy. “Gordy, I’m gay. All right?”
“All right.” Gordy nodded casually, as if Tad had told him he was hitting the bathroom and would be right back. 
Jane reached for Tad’s other hand. He let her. She pressed it and let go. “That was very good, Tad. Very nice. Now, let’s just leave all that be for now.”
“Okay, good, okay,” Tad said. One leg was bouncing at the table. “But, you know I can’t let those letters — or you — hurt Gord. Because if he fails at this, he won’t have anything left. He’ll ... He’ll be like me. And I know he couldn’t handle that.”
“Did I go invisible or something? Something in this beer?” Gordy gulped more down. “No, it appears I’m still here. Yes. I can see myself in the bottom of the glass.” He belched. 
“Shush, Gordy,” Jane said. 
“I mean, he’s kind of a dork,” Tad continued. “Even for a, uh, Fulbrighter.”
“A dork?”
“It’s kind of like a Depp. A git. Yet book-smart.”
“Ah. But this is exactly what I like about him,” Jane said. “I think … So far.”
“Christ.” Gordy sat back and blew air out his cheeks, like a tired old donkey. To his surprise, Jane began stroking his crotch under the table, working him right through his denim. It was closest thing to a hand job with your pants on. Above the table he was a Depp, but below he was a superstar. He went with it. Let them say what they will. 
“You see, I do like him,” Jane was saying. “But there remains so much I don’t know about him.” Still stroking. 
“That’s for sure,” Tad said.
“So this Gwen is some type of girlfriend, I expect.”
“Some type is right.”
Jane removed her hand from under the table. 
“Correction! — she ‘was’ my girlfriend,” Gordy said. 
“As far as he knows — or can guess,” Tad said. “But who knows what Gwen’s thinking.”
“I understand. Say no more.” Jane said to Tad: “So, here is my dilemma. I just want to take it slow with Gordy. I don’t want to be wrong again. I don’t want to be hurt.”
Gordy slapped at his forehead. “That’s it.” He began to get up. Jane grasped at his wrist and twisted.
“Ow. What are you doing? That hurts.”
Jane stared into Gordy’s eyes. “You are not gay too, are you? Is this the mystery I sense? If so you should tell us now — the both of us.”
Tad burst out laughing.
“What?” Gordy pried Jane’s hand off. “Me, gay?” he screeched, rubbing at his wrist, “I might as well be dead.”
Tad glared. His lips pursed tight.
Jane punched Gordy on the shoulder. 
“Ow. Sorry, Tad, I didn’t mean it like, well, you know.”
“I should bring you more Ow,” Jane said. “That’s not nice, Gordy. You shame yourself.”
“She’s right, Gord. Shame on you.” Tad was shaking his head. A chuckle escaped, too, but Tad killed it with the last gulp of his mighty Aventinus. 
Jane and Tad had switched to German. “The most important thing is, not to have too much anger,” Jane was telling Tad. “And never, ever be afraid. Because this only creates more anger.”
“I know,” Tad said. “I know you’re right, but it’s tough.” 
They had ordered another round. Calmed down. Talked about the craziness of life, what with the Berlin Wall coming down and the Soviet Union doomed. “The next decade —the 1990s, will bring a Golden Age,” Gordy had proclaimed, lifting his fresh Aventinus, but Jane and Tad ignored him. 
A group of young Bavarians had taken up the rest of the table. They looked like hicks hitting the big city for a night of merry-making. They wore pointy peasant hats made of cheap costume felt and ringed with blue-and-white rope — won at some Oktoberfest shooting gallery, no doubt — and they smoked from cigarette packs piled in the middle of the table like playing cards. Gordy moved around Jane and talked to them but he couldn’t understand their dialect. Then he realized it wasn’t their dialect. They were already plastered. One of them hung his head, as if passed out. The one closest to Gordy had hair bleached blonde (with dark roots) and a thick red nose. In his best, slurred High German he told Gordy, repeatedly, how well Gordy spoke German. 
Tad glanced over, snickering. The slurring bleach-blonde hick was probably gayer than Freddie Mercury, and Tad was the only one that saw it. Gordy turned away from the hick, but the hick kept staring and blurting Gordy’s name. He patted Gordy on the back. “Gohdee,” the hick chanted, “Gohdee,” and his friends hooted and hollered because this pronunciation of Gordy’s name sounded suspiciously like the Bavarian word for a good time jamboree — Gaudi. Meanwhile, the one with the hung head had removed his shoes. They all smelled it. Giggling, hung-head hick stretched his leg under the table and tried to rub Jane’s leg. At first Jane thought it was Gordy. Then she realized it was not. 
“Stop it, you pig you,” Jane barked. But hung-head hick kept at it. Jane lunged, grabbed him by the hairs on his neck and slammed his forehead to the table. There he stayed, passed out for good. His friends roared with laughter. 
The bleach-blond one was chanting again. 
Jane pulled at Gordy’s collar. “These types here,” she said in German, and showing teeth, “they only understand force. You must shut them down before they shut you down.” 
Tad was waving his cigarette. “That is, unless you don’t want to shut him down,” he joked, and in a flash Gordy saw Tad in a new light. Of course Tad was gay. Tad must have always known it. His persistent wry humor had always been that of Paul Lynde, Charles Nelson Reilly, and that ventriloquist on Hollywood Squares with the drag queen dummy. Gordy just hadn’t cared to see it. Tad’s gayness even showed in the way he sometimes held his cigarette straight up. Was this a simplistic interpretation? Gordy wondered. Probably. But he had so few other touchstones to go on. 
“Gohdee, hey Gohdee …” Bleach-blondie kept at it. 
Gordy needed away from this. It was time for the toilet. He squeezed his way out onto the main aisle, grabbed a menu from off a table, and after he’d hit the toilet he wandered the beer hall, entering another room that was just as full but considerably quieter. The drinkers were older, and mostly men. The revelry was simpler, more focused, and something about that appealed to Gordy. He sat at the end of a table, pulled out his notepad, set out the menu, and began to make notes for his beer hall listing. But he couldn’t help watching the drinkers around him. These were solid old pensioners with scars and pockmarks, vein-laced cheeks, and double chins. Gordy saw the occasional cane or prosthetic limb. No doubt many of these men had been soldiers, sailors and airmen long ago, in that war long lost. They had put out fires. At the front they lost fingers and legs and friends, while at home they lost mothers and wives and babies, and when they returned they lost their pride. Now they drank from liter steins they personalized with gold swirls and fanciful, hand-painted Alpine scenes (like custom vans) and ate smoked sausage they sliced with their own pocketknives. They were the losers, officially, and yet they had found their way.
Gordy wrote all this down. They saw him do it. And they let him.
He returned to find the hicks gone. Only the faint smell of vomit and ammonia remained, because two employees were wiping up the floor, bench, and table where the drunkest one had sat. Jane was laughing and joking with Tad. She seemed a little drunk, and her English was clunkier. She gave Gordy’s hip a squeeze and said: “I saw you in the other room. Writing. So I left you alone. Did you find what you were looking for?”
“Thanks. I don’t know.”
The eight-percent Aventinus was gaining on Tad, however, especially since he’d been drinking and smoking out on the balcony before they left the sublet. He had his elbows up on the table now and one hand pressed hard to a cheek, as if this was the only thing keeping his head from dropping to the table.
“Hey,” Gordy said to him, “this place has one of those porcelain walls for a urinal, there’s these little water spouts that flush the whole thing every few minutes. Tad?”
Tad pushed his face toward Gordy. “Cool, huh? It’s like going on the wall. You write that down?” Gordy nodded. “Sssuper,” Tad mumbled and then rose up, stiffly. “Really, I should go. I just don’t feel very good,” he said to Jane. 
Jane was smiling at Tad. He beamed at her. Jane said: “We are going to work together, Gordy, all three of us. It is decided.”
“Good. Okay. Great.”
Bracing himself on the table, Tad reached over and slapped Gordy on the shoulder. “You know, Gord, I was wrong. Your Janie’s a good girl,” he said, and then it was his turn to squeeze his way out to the main aisle. Jane and Gordy watched him pull on his coat and plot a course through the crowd, one careful footstep after another, like someone who had lost their glasses, his head set deep in his shoulders and his hands thrust back into his pockets. 

FOURTEEN

As the Weisses Bräuhaus episode made clear, Tad had developed a flair for deception that far exceeded Gordy’s silly disguises and put-ons. The next day Tad used that talent to propose that Gordy and Jane have the archive photocopy lots of random materials along with the Gwen Letters. This way the copy person, overwhelmed by copying, would be less apt to notice their findings. It was a brilliant subterfuge. Plus, Gordy gained some schadenfreude realizing that a poor intern would have to endure copying so many painfully tedious Upper Bavarian War Veterans Dairymen’s Council memos. The archive took days to provide the first photocopies. Tad needed a look at those copies so bad he was sweating and scratching at himself and ranting at the pigeons like a strung-out Needle Park junkie by the time Gordy brought them to the apartment. Gordy set the copies on the desk. Tad dove right in, reading right through the Gwen Letters in the time it took Gordy to settle into the corduroy chair and browse his German Playboy. Luckily the corduroy chair swiveled, so Gordy could face away from Tad and fold out Miss Oktober in peace. 
Soon, Tad sighed and got up to get some water. 
“Well?” Gordy said. 
Tad had stopped sweating. But his face had gone pale. “It’s, uh, interesting.” 
“That’s it? Interesting.”
“Yes. But none of it changes my previous opinion.” Tad then piled his history books on the desk and looked things up. Gordy took a chocolate bar back to the corduroy chair as Tad reread the Gwen Letters and scribbled notes. Gordy tried to read a Playboy feature on Geraldo Rivera, but he fell asleep. He woke to hear Tad speaking in rapid German. He twirled around. Tad was on the phone to Jane, asking complex questions about the syntax of written German. Listening, Gordy realized Tad spoke German with a slight lisp. Why hadn’t he noticed that before? 
Tad held a hand over the receiver. “What?”
“Nothing.” Gordy twirled back around. The chocolate bar was still on his lap. He shoved the last of it in his mouth and, feeling a little outdone, got to work rewriting his beer hall notes. 
The three agreed that, to avoid attracting attention, only Gordy and Jane should be in the archive. Within the week Gordy and Jane had discovered more of the letters, these ones from 1940. Gordy returned with the photocopies on a Friday afternoon. Tad was sitting at the desk and gazing out the balcony glass, looking depressed. The weather had turned colder, and darkness was coming earlier. Worse yet, their contact with the outside world had ground to a halt. Neither had gotten letters or phone calls. 
Tad didn’t bother to say hi. Gordy sat up on the bed, a clipboard of photocopies in his lap. “Okay, it’s time I cheer you up. Tad, look at me.”
“Maybe I don’t feel like cheering up.” 
“Just listen to this one passage. Jane translated these. It’s really good.” Fighting a giggle, Gordy pulled his fists to his chest and did a Charlie Chaplin-esque impersonation of Hitler. “‘My Dearest Comrade’,” he began in what he considered a hokey Austrian accent, “‘with burning impatience I await any message from you, my Noble Young Prometheus ...’“ He had to stop. “This is great. Unrequited love! Can’t you just see it — Hitler with pen in hand, his tunic unbuttoned after a long day of screaming at generals? It’s Mel Brooks.” 
Tad had the latest US edition of Newsweek on the desk. As he listened he’d rolled it up and grasped it with both hands. “I hate Mel Brooks. Let me see that.” 
“Just wait, this part’s the best …” Gordy lifted the clipboard. Cleared his throat. 
Tad hurled the Newsweek at Gordy. It struck the side of his head. The clipboard tumbled to the floor. Gordy’s ear stung. “A paper cut! Am I bleeding?”
“No. So spare me. You suck as a thespian.” Tad lunged for the clipboard. Gordy dove and snapped it up. Hugging it, he backed up to the balcony glass. “So, I’ll just continue, if you don’t mind.” Sighing, Tad threw up a hand. Gordy went on: “… ‘Can you not see, you’ve been delivered to me, on the moonbeams of a Nibelungen Ideal, and me, Your Führer, dispatched to you, the two of us by Providence, just as that very Providence has instilled me with the Will to lead the re-birth of the Greater German Reich …’“ He burst into laughter. “Can you believe this crap? Unbelievable — it’s so twisted.”
“Yes, Jane did a fine job,” Tad said. “But it’s not funny. This isn’t Hogan’s Heroes. Don’t you think you should be a little more mindful?” 
“Come on, I’m just having fun. You really can’t see me as him?” Gordy scowled and gave the Hitler salute.
“I can’t see anyone as him. Not even you. And you better not let Jane see you like this. She’d probably paper-cut your scrotum.” Tad stood and went out on the balcony. He slammed the glass door behind him. 
Gordy lowered himself in the corduroy chair, gnawing on his thumbnail. Outside the temperature was below 40 and Tad only had on a long-sleeved polo, shorts and sandals. Yet he stayed out there. He slumped in one of the plastic chairs.
After about five minutes, Gordy got up and jiggled the latch of the balcony door, pretending it was stuck so Tad could hear him coming. It was colder out there than Gordy thought. The wind whipped at the netting. 
“So, this is where you go when you’re mad, I guess,” he said.
Tad waited a moment to speak. “I’m not mad. I’m just not happy with myself. I’d lied earlier. Some mail did come today. You were in the washing cell.”
“Oh. That’s okay.”
“Actually, it’s not. There’s some bad stuff going on back home, Gord.” 
“Bad? Did I get something from Gwen? I got something from Gwen.”
Tad’s voice wheezed. “Nothing for you, but there was for me — two letters and a phone call, to be exact. The phone call came when you were out buying chocolate. And, well, I think it’s about time I tell you all about it.”

Tad wanted a walk, so he led Gordy to the top of the Olympia-Berg, Olympic Park’s scenic main hill. In finer weather the park was an outdoor strolling wonderland with plentiful connecting paths, countless open grass clearings, sparkling clean lakes and canals. In late October, however, the place was fast becoming a harsh and treacherous wasteland. Their path up was paved with broad, uneven stones coated with a dense black ice, the wind chucked stiff snowflakes in their faces, and the higher they climbed the more advanced the season, it seemed. The few trees were scrawny trunks with frail shivering branches and dark, dry leaves. Only the blue sky was bright. It was a Himalayan expedition and they were the sole survivors. It didn’t help that Gordy’s last socks were in the wash and his bare ankles stung from the wind, not to mention his cheeks. Now he knew why mountaineers always had big thick beards. He really wished Tad could have chosen a good pub for this. Even the stupid Wienerwald would do. But Tad was like a Sherpa. He’d advanced a good fifty feet ahead and he wasn’t even panting. 
“Wait up,” Gordy panted. “If you don’t save, your energy, how you going to smoke?” The hilltop was a circle of cobblestones the size of a cul-de-sac. A park bench in the middle looked out on the spires of Munich’s Old Town and, on the horizon, the mighty Alps. In the other direction loomed the sky-scraping Olympic TV Tower. Tad was facing west, gazing into Olympic Stadium far down below. 
Gordy dropped on the bench. “You know that we Yanks built this hill?” he said. “Indirectly anyway. This whole thing’s man-made — from the rubble of US air raids, trucked here from Munich’s ruins. That’s why the grass gets so green, they say ...” Tad had no response. He was strolling in a circle, along the edge of the cobblestone. “I have this Munich Baedekers travel guide,” Gordy went on. “It’s an antique one, from 1939, and there’s this map in it. So I’m looking for the part of town where Olympic Park is now, and I find out it used to be a drill ground and shooting range for the SS. This area was the Nazis’ sandbox then. But by 1945 it’s become this huge dump for all Munich’s rubble. And all because of what the Nazis did playing army. A pretty grim ruin in itself. But then this whole area is transformed into the 1972 Olympic Village, in which terrorists will murder Israeli athletes — and get slaughtered doing it. Crazy, huh? It’s like there’s a curse.”
Tad joined Gordy on the bench. “What are you trying to say? Something about consequences? Or layers? What?”
“No, I ... I was just talking. Trying to cheer you up.” Gordy’s chest had tightened. His neck grew hot. He bolted up and marched around the bench. “Look, Parkerfield, if you’re gay that’s — whatever, I don’t care — but you don’t have to lie to me.” 
Tad stared back, his eyebrows high. “Wow. That came out of left field.” 
“So did you. I’m not going to tell you this isn’t a shock. You gave me no clues. It’s not as though you’ve been, like, prancing around in a cocktail gown like Vivian or something.” Gordy landed back on the bench, spent. He threw up his arms.
Tad punched him on the chest. “A cocktail gown? Please. And I’m not a nellie, got it? I don’t whine. Got that?”
Gordy nodded. 
“Good. You finished”
“For now,” Gordy said.
“Jesus. I thought the gay-guy was supposed to be the drama queen.” 
Tad was right. What was he doing? Maybe it was the Föhn — the humid air from the Alps. It made people deranged, some said. “It’s cool,” he muttered. Coming back to earth. “I’m okay.” Just how was he supposed to play this? Should he tell Tad he had a slight lisp in German? Was that a straight friend’s duty? He felt numb all over. His fingers ached. Maybe he was freezing to death up here. He slapped his hands together and kicked at air. 
“I guess it’s just been, you know, sinking in,” he said. “Stuff’s making sense. This is what’s been keeping you here, isn’t it? And you know what else? Think I probably knew it in the back of my head.” 
Tad smirked. He shook his head. “Honey, you had no idea.” 
“I guess what I’m trying to say is, it’s not that big of a deal. I mean it. You haven’t been home in a while. Things have changed. People are more open.”
“Right. Sure. And I’m Oliver North.” 
“I’m serious. It’s still way worse back home to admit that you, I don’t know, that you believe in Communism or something. Or you like REO Speedwagon. Being gay’s almost cool. Well, almost. Give it a few years.”
“More like a hundred. So spare me. You sound like Gwen.” Tad spat over his shoulder. He lit a cigarette. “I know the score back home. Just because they’re replacing certain so-called ‘dead white males’ on college reading lists doesn’t mean anything’s changed. Anything in the real world, anyhow. In Estacamas a homo’s still a buttfucker, and a fudge-packer, and a goddamn cock-chugger, and you know what they do to those.”
A group of teenage tourists were huffing and puffing their way to the top. Air Jordans and college sweatshirts gave them away as Americans. Tad had lowered his head. “By the way — never say ‘homo,’“ he said. “Only I can say ‘homo.’“
“All right. But, what does this have to do with two letters and a phone call?” 
Tad took a long drag, held it in, and exhaled straight up into the air, the smoke mixing with the steam of his breath. From down below it must have looked like a geyser. “I blew it,” he said. “We all know the Senator can be a ruthless bastard, but guess what I found out? The boys running Queer Power got him beat. When I told them I was having second thoughts, you know what they did? They went for blood.”
“Blood?”
“The jugular. If I can’t do it, they’ll do it themselves, they’re telling me.” Tad snorted. Smoke rolled out his nose. “Think they can force me into it, the Nazi faggots.” 
They fell silent, watching the students snap photos of each other. Gordy kicked at pebbles. Tad stared at his cigarette smoldering. Gordy was waiting, until the group was heading back down the hill. 
“This has been about you all along, hasn’t it?” he said. 
Tad stared.
“You know what I mean. The Senator is about as gay as me.” 
Tad chuckled. He tossed his cigarette. “Yes. All right. Got me. So now you see how I live — it’s all silly metaphors and pseudonyms.”
You’re not the only one, Gordy thought. He tried a chuckle, too, but the cold hit the back of his throat and he choked back a cough. 
“That’s not even the worst of it,” Tad said. “They contacted the Senator about outing me themselves, if you can believe that. And Dear old Dad, the slippery old pol, doesn’t so much as flinch. He goes and negotiates a stalemate behind closed doors.”
“What about your mom?” 
“Viv? Ducked for cover. Probably in rehab again. At least she has a choice.”
“I don’t get it. A stalemate? What does Queer Power get out of this?”
“A lot. I’m still outed. They still get to stick it to the Senator. But the Senator gains time for damage control. Can get his ducks in a row, put his best spin on it. I wouldn’t be surprised if he does a flip-flop on gay rights.” Tad rested his arms on his knees, and sighed. “Deep down, I guess I thought this might bring me and the Senator together — in the long run, I mean. But it didn’t even hurt his feelings, didn’t seem to, anyhow. He’s even assured me he can get me back into an embassy job. Over here. So I might be getting my residence visa — and doing that goddamn HIV test — after all.” Tad dropped his cigarette and ground it against a cobblestone. “You know, I was looking forward to going home. I really was.”
“But, you still have that choice. You could come out yourself.”
“Back home? Man, you don’t listen, do you?” Tad rolled his eyes. He lit another cigarette. “Besides, you should be watching your own ass. Calling yourself a Fulbrighter. Christ.” 
“Hey, I wouldn’t even be a Fulbrighter — calling myself one, anyway — if it wasn’t for you.”
“Right. It’s my fault. And then there’s these Hitler letters. My god.”
“Gwen Letters. Use the code name —” 
“Even if those letters are real, what good does it serve? Take it from an expert in disclosure, Gord. Hitler loving a man isn’t just a big joke to most heteros. Let’s say your letters are made public. What happens then? PC brats are whining, ‘Hitler was a victim too.’ Then Joe Bigot’s shouting, ‘Told you fags are no good.’ And the crackpots go: ‘It’s a lie. Just like Auschwitz was a lie.’ And the good citizens of the Christian Right? I can just see the 700 Club: ‘of course Nazism was an international homosexual conspiracy,’ they’ll say, ‘this only proves once again that the homosexuals are void of all redemption. Folks, we knew it all along.’ And meanwhile? People don’t know what to make of it all. They’re confused. So they let it happen. And by then it’s too late.”
Gordy shrugged. “People didn’t like hearing about Nixon either. But history still needs recording.” 
“Sure it does. But my problem isn’t with history. It’s with us not thinking this out. We got to research this, back it up with evidence, set the stage like any good historian does. We have to respect this stuff. Take years with it. You can’t just hold it up and grin.”
“Who says I’m not going to respect it?” Gordy said. Tad was frowning at him, his head cocked to one side. “So now you’re the expert,” Gordy added.
“Yeah, I’m afraid I am.” Tad stood and moved to the edge of the cobblestones, gazing toward the Alps. He blew out another geyser-size barrel of smoke. Tad stood there a long time. The Alps growing hazy, as if blurred by all Tad’s smoking.
Gordy rocked back and forth, trying to stay warm. Now he had to pee. It was possible to do it up here, with a little maneuvering. But that probably showed another lack of respect. 
Tad turned back. “Look. I’ll move out if you want. I totally understand.” 
“What? No. I mean, who else will keep me in line — besides Jane, that is?”
“That’s not what I’m talking about. You know what I’m talking about.”
“Come on, I can handle it. If you haven’t tried a Chester the Molester on me by now, I assume you aren’t gonna.”
Tad laughed and spun around, grinning. “Thanks for the offer, but I told you you’re not my type. You’re just too much of a dork.” 

“Oh yeah, there’s one more thing I should tell you,” Tad said and headed off back down the hill. Gordy hurried after. Tad stopped, grabbed Gordy’s shoulders, and squared them. “Ready? Good. I hate to tell you this, but I was never in the CIA.”
Gordy shook Tad’s hands off. “What? How could you?” He stomped off down the hill. He almost slipped but caught himself with a flutter of his arms. 
“I knew you couldn’t take that,” Tad said, catching up. “Though there is some truth to it. I did work at the Berlin embassy, doing intern-type stuff. But only until I met Maurice.”
“Maurice. You mean your contact? Ohhh, I get it, your contact ...”
“Maurice works in Cultural Affairs there. USIA. That’s his diplomatic cover.”
“But he’s really CIA.” 
Tad nodded. “Some fading secretary found us out. She had a crush on him and, well, you know how that office politics crap goes. It was either Maurice or me.”
“You were expendable.”
“Mm. Maurice has been a sport, but it just hasn’t been the same.”
“And, that’s why you went to Berlin?”
“That’s why I went to Berlin,” Tad said. “To break it off with him.” 
They were reaching the bottom. It seemed ten, twenty degrees warmer. No black ice here. They strode along, in step. “So what about the gun?” Gordy said.
“That’s really a gun. And Viv did send it. Seems she’d read something about the so-called skinheads here, and the fag-bashing —”
“Viv knew?”
“Of course. A mother knows.”
Gordy laughed. “But, what’s she thinking? This isn’t back home. Skins screw with you, just draw your chromed Colt and start shootin’?” He crouched to fire, pointing an imaginary gun.
Tad held up his hands. “What can I say? I could have been the Dirty Harry of Gay Expatriates. Yeah. I could paint the shells pink.”
Should Gordy laugh at that? It was all too new. He smiled. 
“Actually,” Tad said, “I should give the stupid thing to you, you get off on it so much.”
The path led them past the glass-paneled Olympic Skating Rink. Inside, toddlers played hockey. A goalie fell on his bottom. Tad laughed. But Gordy’s head had filled with Jane. If Tad’s confession showed one thing, it was that your closest friends and lovers could prove a mystery. There was so much to learn about Jane, and Gordy wanted all the lessons. 
They were nearing the dorms. The wind picked up and the pigeons soared and plunged like dive-bombers. “Sorry,” Tad said.
“That’s okay.”
“Really, if you want me to move out I totally understand.” 
“I already said no,” Gordy said. 
“Good. You know, I really am glad I got all that off my chest. Of course, none of it helps you.”
“What do you mean?”
“Jane thinks you’re a Fulbrighter. And a historian. And that’s the same way you got access to the archive. By telling lies. So, how far can that take you before you’re exposed yourself?”

FIFTEEN

Tad was right, again, and it gnawed at Gordy. How could Tad be so right about everything when Tad’s own life was so screwed up? This pointed to a sad central paradox of human existence, Gordy decided — you will appear to be an ace at what you yourself can never achieve and a hobbling doofus in all that is possible. 
The white lies and put-ons only made life worse, Tad was saying. So Gordy decided to tell Jane the truth. Technically Gwen was still his girlfriend, he would explain, even though Gwen was in Seattle and up to who knew what with who knew. November was flying by and he still hadn’t heard from Gwen; he didn’t know where they stood; and, he’d stress, he wasn’t sure he cared anymore. If this much went over well he would reveal, with care — maybe over the phone, or from behind double-thick safety glass — that he wasn’t and had never been anything close to a Fulbright Scholar, let alone an accomplished historian on the rise. 
Doing it in public was safest, he decided. He picked a quaint Schwabing café they both liked. It was a Monday morning. The chilling wind had persisted but the sky was blue and bright, and the faces of the passersby glowed from the sun as Gordy sauntered into the café. The bell on the door jangled and the two women behind the counter chirped “Servus.”
“Servus!” Gordy said, relieved to see he was the only customer. The cafe was dark and a little stuffy, smelling of butter and lard and, strangely, those annoying perfume samples in magazines. Yet the pastries were always tasty here. He ordered a coffee, splurged on an éclair, and stood at the narrow window counter where he could watch the people. Gangly types passed lugging books and swollen briefcases. Unkempt students and wannabe artists shuffled along, chins up and cigarettes out. Gordy sipped his fine coffee — strong yet silky smooth. He plopped in the cube of sugar they gave him. The éclair was plump and warm, fresh from the oven. Lovely. Yes, this was going to be a great day, he told himself. Jane would take it all right. He might even tell her the Olympic Village pad wasn’t his at all — it was Gwen’s. Maybe, with luck, Jane would even let him stay at her place. 
Across the street a hunched figure approached, its face cloaked in a red scarf (as if horribly disfigured) and those giant black sunglasses for people with dilated eyes. A tuft of hair stuck out the top like the frayed stem of a carrot or turnip. A flower-print cleaning woman’s smock hung to the person’s ankles as it scurried along and peered over its shoulder as if pursued by rabid wild boars. Now people were crossing the street to get out of the way. What a freak, Gordy thought. Germany was supposed to have better mental health care. The women behind the counter were shaking their heads and denouncing the freak in Bavarian dialect. All Gordy could make out was “what a shameful monstrosity” and “should be locked up.” 
“Amen to that.” Gordy toasted the counter women with his coffee cup. Yes, Schwabing had it all, he thought, chuckling. He couldn’t wait to tell Jane about it. 
The café door swung open and whacked the wall and the bell clattered across the floor. In came the freak. “Servus,” it muttered from under the scarf and scurried to the corner table farthest from the window. 
“What? What do you want here?” one of the counter women barked as the freak took a seat. “You best be buying something,” said other counter woman under her breath.
The freak was pulling off the smock, the sunglasses, and the scarf. 
It was Jane. 
Gordy shot up, cup in hand. Hot coffee splashed to his crotch. “Ow, shit. It’s okay, I know this freak — woman, I mean,” he said to the counter women. The counter women glared. He tiptoed over to Jane, whispering. “What are you doing?” 
Jane stuffed the sunglasses and scarf inside the smock, which she folded into a neat pile. “Disguise,” she said. She crossed her legs like a lady and brushed out her hair with her hands. Her hair glimmered. The counter women smiled. “Not to worry, all part of a practical joke,” she explained in her best Bavarian.
The counter women laughed, holding their bellies. “Oh, oh, we thought you were an Ami like this poor clod here,” one said, pointing a finger at Gordy. 
Laughing along, Jane ordered a coffee and another for Gordy and requested a large plastic bag to carry the disguise. Large bags were normally thirty pfennig. They let Jane have it. Gordy was still standing there soiled. The counter women tossed him a towel so he could dab the coffee from his crotch. He placed it on his lap like a napkin, and sat. 
Jane showed Gordy a cheek. Gordy didn’t kiss it. “You are really freaking me out,” he said, switching to English. 
Jane huffed. Her face was pale, Gordy could see now. Her eyes strained. He held her hand. It was cold, and her fingers trembled. “What is it? What happened?”
Jane drank at her hot coffee with quick gulps. “I feel, that someone was following me. No, I don’t feel it — I know it.”
“Following you? Who? You mean, like, the ones after Ray Sloane? After me?”
“Something like that, yes.”
“But, you didn’t believe me. Tad didn’t believe me. Said I was crazy. I gave up on the idea.”
“It is crazy,” Jane said. “This is the very problem.”
“Then, who was it? You saw them.”
“I don’t know. A coincidence, perhaps.”
Two elderly men entered, one with a cane, the other with a scarred and sunken cheek. Jane slouched low in her chair. “Act normal,” she whispered in English. 
The men ordered éclairs and left. 
“Honey, I’ve never seen you like this. So, it was the skinheads? The neo-Nazis? Like I’ve been telling you all along. Honey?”
Jane fell silent. Her jaw had set hard and she glared at the pastry case. She seemed to have focused all her aggravation on a stack of plain buttered rolls. 
“It wasn’t like that,” she said.
“What does that mean? Were they or weren’t they?”
“I don’t want to say — don’t want to, how do you say? — speculate.”
“You don’t want to say? Honey, look, I’m not your interrogator.” Gordy placed a hand on Jane’s knee. 
She pushed Gordy’s hand away. She folded her arms at her chest.
“All right. All right. Just calm down.” They sat speechless, facing the window. Gordy bit into his éclair. The creamy yellow inside tasted bland now, like a bunch of whipped butter. He washed it down with the rest of his coffee. 
“What did you want then? Hey?” Jane said. “You’re the one who dragged me here.”
“What?”
“You wanted to meet me here. Said you had something to tell me.”
“Oh, yes, I just wanted to meet here before we hit the archive, we, uh, like this place so much.” Gordy held up the remains of his éclair. Yellow cream oozed out and he had to catch it with his mouth. “They make such a nice éclair here. I wanted to show you. See.” He offered Jane some, but she only glared and shook her head. 
Confessing it all would have to wait. He would have to remain the lying doofus that much longer. Lying doofus was better than honest but severely disfigured doofus. 
“No archive,” Jane said. “Not today.”
“But, why not?” Gordy laughed. He patted her on the knee. “Now, now, I’m sure it’s fine. Whoever it was, I’m sure they’re gone now.”
Jane stood, grabbed her plastic bag, and started for the door.
“Wait, honey, come on. I was just trying to calm you down —”
Jane darted back over, grasped Gordy by the ear and twisted it. 
“Ow! Fuck.”
“We’ll go to the archive,” Jane growled. “Just like you wanted. Because I’m sure it’s fine. Just like you said. All right?”
“Okay. Yes.”
“And quit calling me honey. Honey is a condiment.”
“Actually, it’s a sweetener; mustard is a condiment —”
Jane twisted harder.
“Owww.”
“Alles klar?”
“Yes. Klar. Okay.”
That day the archive offered only more dusty folders, tedious memos, and hunger pangs, for Gordy’s éclair had given him a sugar high that quickly sent him crashing down. It seemed their great find was drying up. They had not discovered a new letter in at least a week. Only one other researcher was in the reading room that day, yet Jane remained on guard. She kept the scarf around her neck although the reading room’s climate was more like that of a heated indoor swimming pool. At her urging, Gordy also lent her his more discreet sunglasses. Luckily they didn’t run into Mr. Archival Advisor. Surely the man would not tolerate shades in the reading room.
“Gordy, look,” Jane said at one point. Gordy pulled his heavy head from his dictionary, gazing around. He’d been dreaming of three bratwursts and a double bock. The brats lay on a steaming bed of sauerkraut. He was dining in the café of a military museum, which was high in a castle fortress, atop a great cliff —
Jane kicked him in the shin. “Don’t be so obvious.”
Gordy held up his dictionary. He looked out the corner of one eye. “Where?”
Jane had her head down, as if reading. “Outside. Behind the statue, of the general.”
“Ah, the good general. You don’t know which general that is, do you? I keep forgetting to look him up.” 
“Gordy, focus.”
The general statue stood alone, same as ever. The sun beating down on his plumed and spiked helmet hat thing. How did those guys fight like that, all preened up like peacocks? Those were the real men.
“See something?” 
“No. But I could have missed it,” Gordy said. He could play along, for Jane’s sake. “Do you think we should do something drastic?” he added. “We could set a trap for them, lure them in.” It wasn’t a bad idea really. That’s what that old general would have done. 
“Good thinking,” Jane said, into it. “But not yet,” she whispered. “Only if we have no choice.”
“Of course, there’s always the police,” Gordy said —
“No,” Jane barked. “They would only laugh. And then they would find out about our discovery, wouldn’t they? And we can’t have that.”
“No, we can’t.”
Luckily, Jane couldn’t stand being in the archive either. She wanted to leave before it got dark and she asked Gordy to stay at her place. But of course, Gordy said. She led him on a circuitous route through the English Garden and then, making sure they weren’t being followed, they caught the U-5 at Lehel, a smaller subway station Gordy had never heard of. 
The train was empty and Jane snuggled Gordy, rubbing at his chest. She was warm again. He was warmer. And he couldn’t help thinking — her paranoia might finally get him into her pants. Good thing he hadn’t spoken too soon, he told himself.
At the next stop, two young men with shaved heads trotted alongside their slowing train, looking in windows and pushing onward. The train stopped. The two reached their car and peered in. 
The blood drained from Gordy’s face, chest, penis. The two had the same goofy getups as the two that had stalked him and Ray Sloane — tight white t-shirts with skinny suspenders, jeans rolled up high, thick army boots, and, under it all, endless tattoos of Confederate flags and steel helmets and Germanic crosses. All they needed was the carnival makeup, and it was like a rodeo clown contest all over again. 
Jane was squeezing his hand, hard. 
“Jane,” he said.
“I know,” she said. 
The doors hissed open and the two marched into the section behind Gordy and Jane. The doors closed. Gordy and Jane could see the two goons’ reflection in the window — they stood at the aluminum pole in the middle of the car. Around their waists they’d tied their flight jackets, whose pockets Gordy imagined were full of guns and numchucks and brass knuckles. 
The car was empty except for the four of them. One of the two was staring hard at Jane, as if trying to memorize something. He pulled a tall can of beer from a pocket and cracked it open. His partner did the same. 
The train was vibrating, gaining full speed. Jane turned around. Gordy tried to pull her back but it was too late. 
“Like what you see?” she snapped in German. “Too bad you wouldn’t know what to do with it. All you’re good for is a circle jerk.” 
Had she really said that? This was not happening. They were good and screwed. The best defense was never offense. “Yeah,” Gordy muttered in support.
The two only chuckled, and drank. The one staring had deep blue eyes placed too close together and a boyish round face. He looked like an enormous eight-year old. The car switched tracks and he stared on, swaying and leaning into the pole. He threw down his beer can, stomped on it, and marched over. 
“Afternoon, comrade,” he said to Jane, staring down on them. 
Jane laughed. “Comrade? Don’t you jack-offs got anything better to do than bother us? Wouldn’t kicking in some elderly Turk’s teeth give you more of a thrill?”
The skinhead grinned. His teeth were crooked, chipped, yellowed, the choppers of a fifty year-old drunk. “I can withstand your abuse, and quite easily too, since I have higher goals,” he said, his German growing clumsy, as if he hoped to mimic some corny pundit he’d seen on TV. “Higher goals are what we seek,” he said, “for with them we drive our movement into the future and —”
“Wow, this guy’s boring,” Gordy blurted in English.
“What the fuck do you two want?” Jane said in German.
The skinhead sat across from them. He sighed, and a bittersweet and tangy aroma rose up Gordy’s nose. It was sort of like manure. Gordy recognized it as extra strong lager. “It’s not what I want. It’s what my leader wants. And I’ve been sent —”
“Let me ask you something,” said Jane. “And don’t you grin at me. You ever hear of an American named Sloane? Ray Sloane?” 
The skinhead grunted. He fidgeted with his suspenders. “Yes. The mad one, who destroys our precious beer supply. But he is not who we’ve come for. He was only in the way.”
The train was slowing. Jane’s stop was next. Jane stood, moved to the door. 
Gordy followed her, backing up. “Then who did you come for?” he said.
The train was coming to a halt. Lights sharpened, ads gained color, shadows hardened the waiting faces on the platform. 
The skinhead was still sitting, his thick hands hanging off his knees. “Isn’t it clear?” he said. “We’ve come for you.” 
The skinhead stared at Jane when he said it. Gordy would have sworn it. He looked to Jane. She shook her head at him. 
“But don’t worry,” the skinhead added. “We’re not going to follow you —” 
“Today,” the other skinhead shouted.
“Smart of you,” Jane said. She popped the door open, strode onto the platform and kept going. It was all Gordy could do to keep up with her. Meanwhile, the train sped off with the skinheads on it. On the escalator up, Jane’s fingers were trembling. She grabbed at Gordy and French-kissed him so long that Gordy didn’t know if he was going to drool or suffocate or both. Still, it was nice.
“I guess I found my courage back,” she said in English.
“I’ll say,” Gordy said. “But why didn’t you let him talk? We could have found out what he was after. Who sent him. It had to be the one I saw that night with Sloane, you know, the one who didn’t have the skinhead; the one with the spiked hair —”
Jane pushed at Gordy’s shoulders. Gordy stumbled back just as the escalator reached the top, and he staggered into the sidewalk crowds like a careening drunk. 
“What? What did I do now?”
“Why didn’t I ask him? you say. Why didn’t you ask him?”
“But you were doing such a good job.”
“I was?” Jane released a smile. She fluttered her eyelashes. “Really, do you think so?” She pulled Gordy close again, by his collar, shielding him from the perturbed passersby. “You know, it was only because I had you here to protect me.”

SIXTEEN

As Gordy and Tad navigated Munich Old Town’s crowded, snow-packed pedestrian zone Gordy kept careful watch for any sign of the skinhead who looked like an enormous eight-year-old with the rotting teeth of a fifty-year-old. 
A group of swarthy young men wearing tight shirts, bright scarves and black leather passed, what looked to Gordy like the cast of a cheap production of West Side Story.
Gordy pushed at Tad’s shoulder. “You just checked out that guy’s ass. I can’t believe you. We could be in grave danger and you’re cruising the holiday crowd.” 
“Cruising? What is this, 1979?” Tad said, working his way through the swarming tourists and hurried shoppers. Aromas of hot spiced wine and sugar-roasted almonds sweetened the crisp air. Christmas bells hung from lampposts. 
The swarthy gang had stopped and was glaring at them. The shortest one grabbed at his crotch and shouted something in Spanish. 
“Great, they’re taunting us,” Gordy said. “Just what we need.” 
“Knock it off, everyone’s looking at you,” Tad said.
“At me?”
“Yeah, you. You don’t know Spanish. These guys think you’re the fag.” 
Gordy stomped on, his boots stabbing at the icy snow. “Oh, so you were checking him out.” 
Tad shrugged. “Hey, I don’t freak out when you gawk at some girl’s boobs.” 
“That’s different.”
“Is it? Because my thing’s just a phase? That what you’re saying?” 
“No. Forget it,” Gordy said, entering a thicker crowd gathered for a street performer. All the street performers were getting to Munich for the open-air holiday markets that were about to bust Old Town wide open. They’d seen old-school Musikanten with monkey and crank organ, flame swallowers, silly clowns, spray-painted robots, and, of course, the ubiquitous Peruvian poncho bands. Boys and girls were clapping, the adults hurrahing. They pushed on for the center, where they found a grungy little man on a unicycle juggling a hammer, a sickle, and what could only be a bottle of Rebel Yell whiskey. 
Tad was shaking his head. “I know that guy. From the road. He’s an Aussie. What these poor tourists don’t know,” he said, clapping along now, “is that he’s inhaling amphetamines and hash along with that whiskey.” Just then the juggler toppled head first from his unicycle, arms flailing, his cheekbone slamming at the cobblestone. The people hushed. Children shrieked. The juggler’s cheek was bleeding and his palms hamburger. Yet he sprung back up, pushed his greasy, stringy hair out of his bloody face, and climbed back up on the unicycle. Tad made a tisk-tisk sound.
“Well, I guess things could be worse,” Gordy said, pushing Tad along.
“Oh, and they are. For our dear Aussie juggler is also gay. What a disgrace.” 
“What I meant is, no one’s after his head. Come on.”
“What are you talking about, after whose head? You keep talking in stupid riddles today. And why are we out here out in the cold?”
“Numbers. A crowd. We can disappear that way. I just hope we’re not already being followed.” Gordy pulled on his sunglasses as they pushed on, even though the sky was darkening with clouds. He had been tempted to try Jane’s crazy-freak disguise, but with his luck the mental health authorities would pick him up and lock him away. 
They approached a grand stone building etched with ornate patterns of wheat stocks, bags of barley, and swirling horns. Thick, rough-hewn timbers framed the windows. Rich tourists and showy Bavarians trundled in and out. Gordy led Tad in, beaming. The interior looked like a Vienna coffeehouse, with lots of dark and shiny woodwork and glass-blown chandeliers. They found a table to themselves in the back corner and faced out. The server lady made it out to them, looking like Candice Bergen on downers. They ordered two pretzels and two liters lager. 
“Now. Spit it out,” Tad said.
“Okay. Remember I told you how Ray Sloane first went off on me? What really set him off was, he claimed I was harassing his landlady, that I was calling her up multiple times a day and demanding Sloane’s whereabouts. That’s what sent him after me, why he’d chased me down. But it wasn’t me. I’d only called once or twice. It was someone else.”
“What the hell are you talking about? Start at the beginning.”
“I’m trying to. It was them calling, you see? The skinheads. The neo-Nazis. I’ve been wrong all along. You have. We have.” 
“I thought you were going to tell me something I didn’t know.”
“I mean, I was right at first — they are after us. Two of them confronted me and Jane in the U-Bahn. Yesterday. Last night. Right after the archive. Must’ve been following us. And they’ve been after Jane too.”
Tad gave Gordy a long, hard stare. “What did they say?”
Gordy had to shrug. “We bolted off the train before it was too late. But it’s got to be about what’s in the archive. First Sloane, then me, and then Jane. I mean, what else could it be?”
The lagers and pretzels came, and Tad lifted his liter and drank. “It’s just like I said before — it could be anything, if you think about it. You look Aryan enough. You think uniforms are neato. Speak a little German. So maybe they want to sign you up for the Oregon Chapter —”
“Always mister funny man. You’re just lucky they’re not after you. What if they were and, and — they knew you were gay? Huh? How would you feel then?” 
Tad gave Gordy a careful pat on the shoulder. “Calm down. Breathe. That’s better. All right, so, with all this in mind, I’m guessing you’ve come up with some sort of plan.”
“Absolutely. First off, Jane and I are going to stay away from the archive. Going to give that a break. We’re not finding anything more anyway.” 
“Good thinking. And second off?”
Gordy lifted his liter. He drank and set it down and stared at it. 
“What is it? Gord, you don’t look so good.”
Gordy swallowed, with difficulty. “Well, Jane has told me she thinks maybe it would be better if we took some time off from each other. Lay low. Let things cool down. She told me just before I left her place this morning.” She had done it at the last moment, as they stood in the doorway. She moved her hands behind her and, frowning, stepped back, so that Gordy had to pull the door shut like a maid who’d entered the wrong room. 
“Oh. Sorry. I see …” Tad yanked out a pack of Marlboros. He began to open it, but then he tossed it onto the table. “Okay. Let’s say I do believe you about these neo-Nazis. They want your ass. They’re hell-bent, whatever. Still, there’s something missing. Why would they be after researchers in an archive? And even if they knew what the docs were, why don’t they just find a way in and steal them, destroy them, whatever? If they are halfway smart or influential enough that’s what they would do. So, there’s that.”
“Go on.”
“But something else just doesn’t fit. Now, I don’t mean this bad, to bum you out, or anything like that. I love Janie. But maybe it has something to do with her.”
Gordy made a grunting sound. 
“I have a question. Did she ever let you sleep with her?” Tad said.
“I was thinking she … would last night, after being so freaked out. She didn’t. We went back to her place. Did the usual petting. She wanted me to stay the night. But I got the red leather couch — again.” The grunting sound worked its way out again, this time lower, like a moan. 
“Well, perhaps our gal’s got something to hide. That’s all I’m saying. Lots of us do, as you know. If we — you — only knew more about her, maybe I wouldn’t feel this way.” Tad lifted his liter and snatched up his cigarettes. “There, I said it. You hate me.”
“No. Of course not.” If anything, Gordy was hating himself. Everything Tad said had already circled around in his head, and around again. 
Minutes passed in silence. They sipped beer. Tore at the pretzels. Stared at the happy rich tourists stuffing themselves with moist slabs of meat and red cabbage. Why hadn’t he just stayed in school and gotten a business degree? He could have been one of them. Contented. Tad was smoking now, French-inhaling. Gordy wished he could smoke like that, but he always got a massive headache. Smoking was the perfect way to pass the bad times. You want to make me feel like shit? How’s this? I can do it to myself, and do it better. 
“I know you,” Tad said. “You got a bigger plan, but you don’t want to tell me.”
“Maybe; maybe not,” Gordy said. He grabbed a menu from the next table. On the daily special they had homemade Swabian ravioli with meat and spinach in broth for about five bucks. Not bad. And tasty, no doubt —
Tad swatted the menu out of his hands. “You got something. It’s what you do. What I do. The grass is always greener, right? If only you can fuck it up. It’s the same reason you’re — we’re — over here in the first place.” 
“Okay,” Gordy said, “okay.” He turned to Tad and faced away from the room, both hands around his beer, speaking low. “Our archive find is looking like it’s reached a dead end. The well’s running dry. So, then, I’m thinking, maybe that’s what they’ve been waiting for. They couldn’t get past Mr. Archival Advisor themselves, not directly, not without giving their inside contact away — if they have one, so they’ve needed someone to do it for them. Indirectly. And that’s us. And now that we’ve found it all, they begin making their play. Right?”
Tad was nodding along. His cigarette was going out. He lowered it to the ashtray without looking. “Yes, I dig.”
“I know it sounds like one of my spy novels. But it’s all I got.”
“So, what then?”
The server lady passed. Gordy waved her on. Gordy opened his mouth but two tanned Bavarians in Armani suits strode past. Gordy waited a beat. He whispered. “We steal them. The docs, the Gwen Letters, all of it. It’s the only way.”
Tad, staring, lifted his hand to his face as if he was still holding his cigarette. He rubbed at his jaw. “Go on …”
“Photocopies like we have are worthless by themselves. As evidence anyway. It’s the only way we could do the date verification, Kohlen-something in German, or whatever they call it. Make sure the paper and ink’s from back then.”
“It’s called carbon dating. It’s a scientific process.”
“Right. Plus, the documents were planted in there, and long ago. So, if the archive itself doesn’t know the documents were in there, in the first place, then what is the harm?”
“What you don’t know won’t hurt you.”
“Something like that.”
“Say we get it all out. Then what do we do?”
“Lay low. Even lower, I mean. Gwen’s pad can sit empty. I’ll tell her I’ve gone traveling, which is basically what we’ll have to do.”
Tad’s hand had moved onto his head, which he pressed as if his hair was a toupee about to come off in the wind. He made a sucking sound with his teeth. He clucked his tongue. “I just don’t know. What about Janie?”
“We don’t tell her. Not at first. She’ll get mad. And believe me, we —”
“Do not want her mad.”
“No.”
Jane was a problem. And Tad had a great point — how much did they really not know about her? Gordy didn’t want to think about that, the only obvious blind spot. He ordered another round. The diners and drinkers came and went on all sides and took no notice of them. And, as Gordy and Tad drank, they felt safer in this place. Gordy certainly felt secure with Tad, for Tad’s gayness had explained much. Tad was a keener expert in deep and hidden motivations than Gordy had always suspected. So, now, he marshaled the guts to describe, for Tad, the bizarre severity of his Oktoberfest hangover. Why, he asked, did he wake the next morning with two pair of underwear on and yet he couldn’t remember what drove him to it? It had disturbed him to no end.
“What I mean is,” he went on, “does the two-underwear-incident reveal some sort of ‘tendency.’“ 
“Tendency?” Tad gave a blank stare. His lips had pursed. “Well, were they tighty whiteys, bikinis, or boxers?” 
“No boxers. It was one tighty whitey, and one bikini. I’m sure of it.” 
Tad’s mouth burst open and beer sprayed. He convulsed with laughter, his mouth hanging open, and he banged at the table to make it stop. Everyone was glaring, even the little old drinking men who stared straight ahead all day. 
“Knock it off,” Gordy said. 
Tad panted, fighting more laughter. “Okay, okay. But the sad answer is, there is no tendency. That’s just you being who you are. So there. How do you like it?”
“About as much as you, I guess.” 
They kept drinking, which precluded the possibility of eating a meal, since their budget wouldn’t let them do both. Before it was too late, Gordy opened his note pad and consulted the menu. 
“That for your beer hall notes?” 
Gordy nodded. Tad watched as Gordy wrote: The Augustinerbräu on the Neuhauser Strasse. Original brewery 1328, pub from 1897 on, turn-of-the-century Bräuhaus atmosphere — baronial. Renovated 1983. Overpriced? ... 
“Baronial — is that a word?” Gordy said.
“Sure. Means grand. Opulent.”
 “What I thought.” Gordy stuffed his note pad in a pocket. He sighed. He reached for his beer.
“There’s more,” Tad said. 
“What?”
“More you haven’t told me. What are you going to do about Gwen, for starters?”
Tad had one hell of a radar for pain. Yes, it was true. Gordy hadn’t yet told Tad about the letter he’d just gotten from Gwen. Gwen had written that she’d quit seeing her “certain someone,” whom she was now calling “Sam the Backstabber.” And then she wrote: 
I don’t want to bother you. I only wrote to say how much I miss you. I am aching for you, Gordy. I can’t wait to see you... 
And in the next letter I promise, promise, promise to fill you in on Twin Peaks. 
Tad would only say, I told you so, so Gordy kept his mouth shut. He hunched over the table. One last hunk of pretzel sat on the plate. He held it between two fingers and flicked off the salt chunks. He hated those chunks of salt. He felt like squeezing that hunk of pretzel down to quarter size, or better yet, flinging it across the room. But then he wouldn’t be able to enjoy its moist, warm and yeasty flavor. He shoved the hunk in his mouth. 
“I don’t know what I’m going to do,” he said. “Drink, I guess.”
“There you go.”
They toasted. They told the funny old stories from high school days, and to Gordy they were like new now that he knew Tad’s real deal. A post-lunch party crowd was taking over the room. Thick blue cigarette smoke had clouded the ceiling. Nearby a couple of curvy blonde Munich ladies drank big dark beers, and Gordy could not stop staring at them. Tad, meanwhile, was eyeing an older man in a hound’s-tooth blazer sitting in the corner. The man had narrow reading glasses with half-lenses, and they hung from a cord around his neck. Now the women were smoking cigars, sucking them down and tilting their heads back and blowing the smoke high. 
“Man,” Gordy said.
“I’ll say,” Tad said, nodding along. “You know, those documents probably mean more to me than anyone. They’ve totally consumed me.”
“I know.”
“The history of it consumes me.”
“I know. That’s why I’m telling you this.”
They lifted their liters in unison and drank. Tad tapped at the table and stared on at the man, deep in thought, and the man had to look away. 
“Is the archive open today?” Tad said.
“Yup. This must be the only Friday near Christmas that isn’t a Catholic holiday.”
Tad looked at his bare wrist. “You know, I never wear a watch. What time is it?” 
Gordy checked his G-Shock. “Early. Almost two.”
“And is it still open? The archive, I mean.”
“Yes. Yes it is. For another three hours.”

SEVENTEEN

Gordy and Tad stayed in the Augustiner another half hour. The dapper man with reading glasses and hound’s-tooth blazer had stomped out cursing at Tad but the curvy Munich ladies, well into their second round, had given in and were smiling at Gordy. Ever the good sport, Tad helped Gordy smile back. Maybe the ladies knew a nice hairdresser or ballet dancer, Tad joked, and then busted up at himself.
“Jesus. You got a buzz or what?” he said to Gordy. “I know I do.”
“Getting there.” Gordy took a gulp. He added a couple chuckles. “Hey. You remember junior year when I went with you to D.C. and we snagged those dirty magazines from the Senator’s office?”
“Yes. Behind his desk. CQ, US News, Economist and the rest on top, but at the bottom it was Hustler, Club, Swank.” Tad frowned. “Secret Service guys loved that. We padded the bottom of the pile with Viv’s Cosmos and Vanity Fairs. The Congressional pages loved that.” Tad smiled. 
“Now I know why you let me have all those mags. Thanks. I didn’t really like Swank. Too graphic.” 
“Sure. I couldn’t imagine.”
Gordy fixed his eyes on Tad. “It’ll be a simple swap. But, you’re going in with me. You know that, right? I need you to keep watch.”
“I know.” 
The curvy ladies were puckering their lips at them. One of them flapped her arms like a bird, while another flicked pretzel salt in Gordy’s direction. Gordy, bewildered, turned away from them. “This doesn’t have to be elaborate. We’re older now. We’re smarter.”
“Are you trying to talk me, or yourself into this? Gord, look, those were cheap and sleazy magazines we snagged. These are valuable state-owned documents. In a foreign country. There’s no comparison. We are putting our dicks on the table, as the Senator would say — off the record, of course.” Tad pushed his beer away and leaned his head back, to the shiny dark wood. He winced at something in his thoughts. “If you remember the magazines, surely you remember Clockwork Orange,” he said. 
Gordy winced. In high school they had cruised the mall parking lot in Viv’s BMW dressed like Clockwork Orange hooligans, wearing eye makeup and suspenders. It was kind of like being a skinhead-cum-rodeo clown, Gordy now understood, but with far less focused anger and zero aptitude for actual fighting. “Thanks for reminding me.” 
“Welcome. Now come along, me droog,” Tad said in a snarling Malcom McDowell voice. He emptied his beer, stood, blew the curvy ladies a kiss, and marched out.
By three-thirty they were downing coffee in a dark little café a few blocks from the archive, sitting at a window. A tattered poster of Venice shielded their faces from the street. Tad was unleashing all the Clockwork Orange slang he could remember. 
“This is gloopy and you’re so bezoomy,” he said. “But I must tell you I’m feeling a bit poogly. I mean spoogy. Me zoobies are cloppin’ —”
“Stop,” Gordy snapped. “Does this help you? It does not help me.” 
Tad groaned and rolled his eyes like a madman. It was more than nerves. They had drunk too much and really should have eaten something, Gordy realized. Those homemade Swabian raviolis really would have done the trick. 
Gordy opened his tin of breath mints and Tad stuck out his tongue, making Gordy set the mint on it. “There’s nothing to be scared of,” Gordy began —
“Scared?” In an instant Tad was sober. “Scared?” His eyes formed firm circles. He sat up straight and squared his shoulders. “Screw scared. Are you sure this is what you want?” he said, staring Gordy in the eyes. “You have to be sure.”
“It’s what you want, too.”
“That’s not what I asked.”
“Then, yes,” Gordy said. “It definitely is.”
“Fine. I just want to make sure you understand what we’re doing. Actually, I think it’s a good call. I doubt your so-called neo-Nazis would think we’re capable of this.” 
Gordy grinned. “Never, ever underestimate the Agency.” 
“That’s right. Let’s go.” 
It was a Friday, the semester was more or less over, and the archive was quiet. Gordy and Tad waited at the counter for the archive assistant. No one showed. Gordy cleared his throat. Nothing. He rang the bell.
Mr. Archival Advisor appeared from the stacks and manned the counter. “Herr Fordham, what do we have here? At it again, and so late on a Friday?”
“Yes, Herr Archivrat. You know me. Always at it.” Gordy handed over the order slip and signed the log. 
Tad was standing back, behind Gordy. Mr. Archival Advisor eyed him, stroking his goatee. “You know we are closing soon,” he said. 
“Yes, sir,” Gordy said.
“I’m guessing you had a long Munich-style lunch?” Mr. Archival Advisor said. Surely he could smell the beer on them. 
“Oh, yes. How could we resist?” Gordy didn’t know what else to say. 
“Indeed.” Mr. Archival Advisor stared a moment, and then left for the stacks. 
Gordy and Tad stood at attention, saying nothing. Gordy sniffed at his jacket sleeve — it smelled as if rubbed well with a concoction of sweat and cigarette ashes. “God, I reek like the contents of one whole city bus,” Tad muttered. They ate more breath mints. They traded sighs. 
The Advisor returned with the folder boxes. He placed them on the counter but kept one arm clamped down on them. “Mr. Fordham, I want you to know this is an archive. This is not a carnival. You can not simply bring anyone down you know or meet to see the show.”
Heat drained from Gordy’s face. He had no answer for this. He pivoted around and gawked at Tad as if he’d never seen him before. “But, sir,” he began in English, and then switched back to German, whispering. “This is my, um, friend. You know — my friend? My good friend.”
Tad shrugged and smiled. 
Mr. Archival Advisor stared, his lower lip jutting out from his goatee. “Perhaps you did not hear me correctly. This is exactly what I’m talking about —”
“He’s my boyfriend,” Gordy blurted. “All right?”
“What?” Tad said in German. “No way.”
“You heard me,” Gordy said.
Tad stepped forward and switched to exquisite High German. “My good Herr Archivrat, please excuse Herr Fordham’s German. What Herr Fordham means is, I’m his new assistant.”
Gordy was nodding along. “Yeah, that’s what I meant, he’s my assistant, my longtime research associate.”
Mr. Archival Advisor stared. He tapped fingers on the boxes. “And what happened to the other assistant? The comely lady.”
“She? She was only temporary, I’m afraid.”
“I see. A shame. Well, all right, then. Good day. And have a nice weekend.” Mr. Archival Advisor passed over the boxes and resumed stroking his goatee. 
“Likewise, sir. And thank you.”
They carried the boxes down the hallway to the reading room. Only then did Gordy realize he’d had his sunglasses on the whole time. 
“Comely?” Tad muttered.
“Let it go.”
As expected, the reading room was empty. They sat in the back as usual, and set out the boxes between them and the doorway and the windows, like a little fortress. Gordy got out their dictionaries and note pads, as usual. Outside, the courtyard looked cold and bleak as ever. Tad gazed at the statue of the general.
“You know him?” Gordy said.
“Sure. Von Schpitzler. A Bavarian legend.”
“Christ. Of course you would know.”
Gordy removed the right folders and some more for effect. He piled them up and made a good mess on the table. They pretended to read a while. Then, as Tad kept lookout, Gordy began to extract the documents. He placed them on his lap, under the table, where he then slid them into a fat old binder. The fat old binder went back in his backpack. 
After Gordy finished, they stayed as long as they could. Tad read, with genuine interest, a pile of the dreary Upper Bavarian War Veterans Dairymen’s Council memos. Gordy resisted the warm bliss of sleep and endured the horror of unending hunger. Each used the men’s room twice. They made it to a half an hour before closing. 
Tad had a Marlboro lit as soon as they got out the door. They took side streets to the Universität subway stop and rode two stops south to the train station, where they put the fat old binder in a three-day locker. Then they rode the rickety and meandering number twenty-seven streetcar north to its end stop, and they walked the rest of the way home.

By the time Gordy and Tad reached the Olympic Village, darkness had fallen. The BMW headquarters loomed above them, three towering cylinders of gleaming silver framework speckled with office lights. The wind had picked up. They buried their chins in their collars and their hands deep in their pockets. 
“So far, so good,” Gordy said. 
“Yeah,” Tad said. “You know, I was kidding about that general statue. There is no von Schpitzler, I made it up —”
Two silhouettes moved out from under the streetlights, their arms rigid and hands balled as fists. Marching their way. Their shaved heads shined under the yellow glow. 
“Shit. It’s them.” Gordy took off running, into Olympic Park. 
Tad followed. “You sure?”
“No, just felt like going for a jog,” Gordy panted. “Sure I’m sure. Got your gun?” 
“Oh, right,” Tad said, “keep it right here in my underwear.” 
Jogging on, they took the path along the man-made lake and headed around the Olympic Hill. On the backside of the hill the paths were dark and the shrubs overgrown. High and full trees blocked the moonlight. They found a clearing walled in by dense, thorny shrubs and shaped like a C. In the middle was a park bench. Tad dropped on the bench, coughing and gasping. Gordy joined him. They caught their breath and huddled, their thighs pressed to the bench. Soon the night lost sound, and it began to snow. Tad slid another Marlboro in his mouth, but he didn’t light it. 
“I should have gotten those raviolis,” Gordy said. 
“Wait. Hear that?” 
The two silhouettes had blocked the opening to the clearing. Gordy and Tad stood. One silhouette stepped forward. It was the one from the subway, the enormous pseudo eight-year-old. He growled something in dialect.
“Speak High German,” Tad said. “What do we look like?”
“Yeah,” Gordy said, his head filling with a heat. He didn’t know if he was mad or scared. But he had to say something. 
“You look like a giant eight-year old,” he added in English. 
“These two think they’re pretty clever,” said the boyish skinhead. “You think we aren’t watching? You can’t throw us off that easy.”
Tad said: “Look. If you’re so worried about what’s in the archive, why don’t you just steal it?” 
This silenced the two skinheads. They looked at each other. Obviously the archive was top secret, unmentionable, or something. The other one, a tall goon with a long crooked jaw, said: “Nein. Our leader — our Führer — he would rather watch. He says we learn our enemies this way.”
“You guys are freaks. And I’m freezing,” Tad said. He started for the opening. 
“On him!” said the boyish skinhead. The tall goon one bounded over and slapped Tad hard on the face. Tad stumbled backward. Gordy leapt and punched at boyish one. He missed but Tad caught tall goon on the jaw. Tall goon wobbled, but the boyish one lunged again and Gordy and Tad fought off the two like mud wrestlers — grabbing, punching, slapping and pulling for what seemed like minutes. Tad pulled on a suspender and it snapped back. Gordy kicked at a head and it clacked against the bench like a bowling ball. Tall goon pinned him on his stomach and held him there, punching at his ribs and grinding his cheek into the dirt. 
Boyish one had Tad on his back. He pulled a knife.
“Hold it!” Tad screeched, “Hold it!” 
Boyish one paused, panting, the knife up high. 
“You bozos didn’t know I was a fag, did ya?” Tad said in raunchy German, gasping and wheezing. He cackled. “Hah! See, I get off on this.”
Tall goon dismounted Gordy. He looked to the boyish one, who shrugged and heaved himself off Tad, frowning. “Dieser ist Schwule?”
“Damn straight, fellas.” Tad rolled onto his back and sat up. Blood coated half his face, and he talked with a slur. “And you know what? I got a boner. Hah!”
“Nah, du spinnst,” said tall goon. 
“Sure, I’m loony tunes. However you like it. And you wanna know what else?” 
They shook their heads. 
“Not only am I crazy and a fag, I got AIDS to boot.”
The two skinheads looked down, gaping in horror at Tad’s blood on their hands. “AIDS? Scheisse,” muttered tall goon. 
“Oh, it’s true all right,” Gordy said. “Scary disease. So new. Spreading so fast. Say you can even get it from toilet seats.”
Grimacing, the two skins wiped their hands on their jeans. They were backing up, to the edge of the clearing. 
Tad waltzed toward them. “So, maybe you guys want some too?” He wagged a bloody wrist.
The two ran off, into the darkness.
“See — the only thing worse than a Jew is a fag!” Tad shouted after them laughing.
“And a fag with AIDS at that!” Gordy yelled.
Tad let out a weary, wheeze of a sigh. He dropped onto the bench. Gordy joined him. His nose throbbed. He touched it but he couldn’t feel it. 
“Don’t say fag, Gord. What did I tell you?”
They shared a giggle.
“See how that works?” Tad said. “You got to know when to go to the gay. Only pull the fag card when you absolutely have to. Back in the archive, you didn’t have to.”
“Thanks.”
Thicker snow was falling now, and it seemed to suck up all sound. Silence found them.
“Do you think they know?” Gordy said finally. “It didn’t seem like they know.”
“About the archive? Who knows. But they were waiting for us, weren’t they?”
Tad smoked. Gordy's lungs tightened, and he breathed in the freezing air, which only made things worse. The trauma was wearing off. Gordy could feel the blood on him. He touched it. It was sticky, and cooling. Something was stuck to the back of his hand. He peered at it. It was a decayed tooth, dark and glossy in the odd night snow light, had to be from the boyish skinhead. He chucked it as if it was red hot. The beer was wearing off, too. A headache set in, like an instant hangover. 
“I’m a moron,” he said. “Jane’s gonna kill us.” 
His stomach lurched and squeezed, warm then chilly. He broke into a cold sweat, dropped to his knees, and threw up in front of the bench. 
As Gordy heaved, Tad stared up at the black sky and let the snow dab his face. In between heaves Gordy heard him mutter: “You know, I wonder. I wonder if it would’ve been that funny if I really did have it?”

EIGHTEEN

That night Gordy and Tad holed up in the sublet cleaning their wounds. The next morning they ventured out to the local market for bandages, antibiotic ointment, bread, beer, and another German Playboy for Gordy. Seeing their cuts and bruises, the checker grumbled something under her breath about “foreign troublemakers.” 
“It’s time to circle the wagons,” Gordy told Tad. It was them against the world. At least until Jane wanted back in Gordy’s life. Jane had said she wanted time apart. She said don’t call. So Gordy did not call. Still, he daydreamed of going down to her bookstore, of just peeping in the window or strolling by in the hope of running into her. There really were so many ways to follow her, and to watch her ... 
Only the demands of their archive heist kept him from stalking her. On the second day it was time to act once again. To get the job done, Gordy proposed they disguise themselves like elderly women and take a taxi. 
Tad rejected the plan with harsh laughter. “That’s borderline perverted. And taxis? Cost too much. No.” Gordy pouted. Tad stood firm. They took the U-Bahn to Old Town and, when it appeared they weren’t trailed, strolled the paths along the banks of the Isar River looking for their man. 
They found him under a bridge. He lay wrapped in a sleeping bag, his shoulders propped up against duffel bags, slapping his hands together at the tiny fire he had made in a coffee can. It was the street performer — the grungy, gay, Aussie unicycle juggler. His name was Wayne.
“Hi, Wayne,” Tad said. 
Wayne squinted at them. Fumbling inside his sleeping bag, he pulled out what looked like cheap stage teeth and pushed them up behind his lips. They were his dentures. The sight brought back the memory of the boyish skinhead’s decayed tooth, it came rushing back, and Gordy swallowed back a feeling of nausea. Somehow the dentures helped Wayne see better. He smiled at Tad. “Ah, the Yank. Thad, was it?”
“Tad.”
“How ya goin’?’
“Great. You?”
“Exceptionally well. A right paradise, this,” Wayne said, apparently serious. 
Tad showed Wayne a ten-mark note. “That’s for you,” Gordy explained. “For a small favor.”
“Ah. Right.” Wayne removed his teeth and, holding his sleeping bag at his chest, rose to his knees and hopped over to Gordy. “Can I keep my Matilda on?”
“Your what?” Gordy said.
Tad was waving hands. “Wait, Wayne, no, no, not that kind of favor —”
Gordy stumbled back. “God, no.”
“This is far less messy,” Tad said. “All you got to do is, head down to the train station and find a certain three-day locker, for which we’ll give you the key. There’ll be a binder inside. You bring it back to us here under the bridge. We’ll stoke your fire, watch your juggling bags for you. Follow me?” 
Wayne slumped. “Reckon. But I hate to leave my Matilda —” 
“And, we’ll have a pint of Rebel Yell waiting for you.” Gordy, grimacing, pulled out the pint of Rebel Yell. 
Wayne had a runny nose. He wiped at it with his sleeve. 
“And, an extra five marks if you hurry,” Tad added, sighing. 
Wayne shed his sleeping bag and stood, adjusting his teeth. “Say no more. I’m in.”
Gordy and Tad waited under the bridge. The fire went out and they couldn’t get it going again. “Why doesn’t this guy get a room somewhere?” Gordy said, shivering. He’d considered pulling Wayne’s sleeping bag up around him, but then got wise. 
“He could afford it,” Tad said. “But he likes it this way. Less complicated. He’s really just a more acute version of us, if you think about it.”
“I’d rather not.”
Wayne performed like a champ. Back at Olympic Village Gordy and Tad stashed the fat old binder full of documents up in a service hatch in the ceiling of Gordy’s corridor. It appeared no one had trailed them. To test their theory, they went shopping again. Then they went for a walk in the park. Nothing. The coast was looking clear. 
In celebration, Tad wanted to go to a disco called Sub. “Come on, you’ll like it. Everyone there wears two pairs of undies,” he joked. Gordy refused, saying he was too tired. The sad truth was he was scared he’d end up drunk at Jane’s door, trying to peer through the peephole. As a compromise he and Tad caught a double bill of Midnight Cowboy (dubbed) and Taxi Driver (original version) and, although Travis Bickle’s scummy New York streets were about as similar to Portland’s as Munich’s, Gordy, to his surprise, missed home. He also missed Gwen, for the first time in months. 
The next day Gordy began to outline his beer hall notes and even drafted an introduction. Tad spent the day in the library, where he researched newspaper archives on the Hitler Diaries scandal of 1983, in which Germany’s Stern magazine paid four million dollars for 62 volumes of material purported to be the Führer’s personal diaries. It was huge news at the time. Time magazine secured the rights for US serialization. Many believed the diaries would clear up unsolved issues once and for all. Once again, scholars had hoped for the concrete proof that Hitler had personal knowledge of the Holocaust, that he gave direct orders for the Final Solution. But the diaries turned out false. Among other problems, the experts failed to notice that the handwriting was steady and firm throughout, even though Hitler’s handwriting quality declined in his later years due to progressive palsy. All this was inspiring, Tad reported to Gordy, because the Gwen Letters were far more manageable. They couldn’t fill a fat old three-ring binder, let alone 62 volumes. What’s more, they were written well before the palsy became a factor, and the handwriting matched Hitler’s precisely from the period in which they were written. Though Hitler’s handwriting was growing sloppy at this stage, his characters were clearly formed and uniformly spaced, the breaks in the writing equal. The Führer still enjoyed what handwriting experts called “complete control of the instrument.” 
But that was only the tip of the iceberg. Tad explained: “If Hitler was able to express — and admit — to what we’ve already found in those letters, then couldn’t he also be found admitting to personally ordering the Final Solution? The one thing that had never been proved? The one thing everyone has been after, including Sloane and, well, you — ostensibly? I think it’s out there. If only more letters could be found. Which means what, Gord?” 
“What?” Gordy had stopped listening. He had their last Ritter Sport chocolate bar in his lap and was unwrapping it, silently.
“Which means,” Tad continued, “that I — we — are going to have to get back into not only that archive, but into many others some day soon. And do this right. Legitimately.”
That evening the phone rang. Gordy was in the corduroy chair, and Tad on the bed with his books and notes. Both started. The phone never rang. They stared at each other. 
“What if it’s them?” Tad said. 
If it wasn’t Jane it could be Gwen, Gordy thought. He lunged for the phone. 
“Gordy? You are there. This relieves me.” It was Jane. 
“It’s me,” Gordy said. “What is it?”
“I need you. Now. Over here.” Her voice was trembling.
“Okay. What’s the matter? Are you in trouble?”
“Never mind that. You come now. Right away.”
“Okay, I’m coming. Bye.” His heart racing, Gordy pulled on his Converse and bomber jacket. 
“You need me to come along,” Tad said from the bed. 
“No. That’s okay.” 
“All right, but you better do something about those cuts and bruises.”
“Shit.” Gordy went to the mirror in the washing cell. His right cheek had puffed up, his nose was scraped raw, and he had a deep cut over one eye that looked like a third eyebrow. Wayne looked better with his teeth out. Gordy cradled his face in his hands. “I’m a wreck. She’ll know. What should I do?” he squealed.
Tad came over and sized up Gordy’s face in the mirror. “Hold on.” Tad went down the hall and, putting on a gay groove, borrowed some base makeup from a young party girl neighbor. He helped Gordy cake on the stuff, but he was all thumbs. Gordy expected him to be better at this. 
On the subway, Gordy could feel the makeup drying and cracking. Commuters were staring. He sneered back. He jogged to Jane’s building. She opened the foyer door for him.
“Ah!” she cried. 
“What?”
“Your face. It’s a death mask. You are a phantom.”
“Oh, that.” Gordy touched his chin. His fingertips came back a pasty beige. “It’s… just a little acne. I wanted to look good for you.”
Jane touched his cheek. 
“Ow.”
She pulled back. “You are lumpy. What is happened with you?” Eyes bulging, she pulled him into the foyer. “They followed you, am I right? And you went and battled with them. Now you cover it over.” 
“Yes. Okay. I did.”
“When? Why? Were you in the archive? Is that it? Just like I said not to do.” Her hands planted on her hips. 
He could tell her about the document heist and stress how well it went down. Come clean. His face was already screwed up, so she couldn’t hurt that. But she might kick him out before he even got in again. He played it close to the vest. “They found us in the Olympic Village. Couple nights ago. Tad and I were drunk. I guess they just saw a chance and took it. But we fought them off, we did. You should have seen Tad go.” He slumped, against the banister, and touched at his cheek. “That’s why. I didn’t want you to be ashamed.”
Jane sighed. Her eyes had relaxed, and her eyebrows drooped. “Poor Gordy. All right, come on now.” She led him up the stairs by the hand. She sat him on the red sofa, went into the bathroom, returned with cold cream, and rubbed off the makeup with a delicate touch, her face close to his and her mouth parted only enough that he could feel her warm breath tickle his dry lips. He couldn’t help feeling a little aroused — and embarrassed for it. Whoever heard of a makeup removal fetish?
“Was the leader one there?” she was saying. “You know, the one they spoke of before? The one you spoke of.”
“With the spiky hair? No. But they talked about him again. He must really be up to something. He has some kind of plan, I’m sure of it.” 
Jane’s neck turned blotchy red. She pulled away, her face pale.
“They were after you, too?” Gordy said. “That’s why you called.”
She faced away from him. Her hands lay limp in her lap. Cold cream and makeup had smeared on her sweat pants. “Gut — all right, yes,” she muttered. “They followed me that same night. I lost them — I thought. Then they followed me home. That was just this afternoon. So I called you.”
“What did they do? Jane? What?” Gordy tugged at her shoulder. 
She slapped his hand away. She shrugged, and gave a sad chuckle. “Do? Oh, you know. They have their silly threats.”
“They threatened you?”
She shrugged again. “They want to divide us. I see that now. So we mustn’t let them.”
“Hell no. You saw him, didn’t you? The leader.”
“Perhaps. I cannot know. It was dark.”
“Bastards,” Gordy growled, “If we only knew what they were really after —”
“After? Is it not clear what they’re after? It’s what’s in the archive, am I not right? You said this yourself. Yes?”
Gordy nodded. 
“Yes, and so, it is best we leave the archive alone. That’s right. Leave the archive in peace.” Jane chanted this, rubbing her hands together, working in the leftover cold cream. She petted his hair. “I am sorry, Gordy. I know how much it means to you as a Fulbrighter, and as a historian.”
“Yes, yes,” he said, but only to keep the petting going. “And don’t forget Tad.”
“No. He is proving his worth. It is unfortunate about the archive. But we wouldn’t want to give them any more ammunition, would we? It must be protected.”
“No. You’re right. If anything,” Gordy said, his head nodding to the petting now, “we should be trying to find out who this Führer of theirs is.”
Jane pushed his head away. “That’s what you think.” She sprung up, stomped off into her room, and slammed the door.
“What? What did I say now?”
Gordy stayed on the sofa. She was sure to come back. Maybe she only needed to go to the bathroom. Who knew what these German women wanted — what any woman wanted? He stared out the window. Night was falling. The horizon above Old Munich had dimmed to a pink and purple vapor. Minutes passed. Sighing, Gordy turned on the TV. Kojak was on. Gordy had seen the episode before. Telly’s pathetic brother falls for a hooker. His dubbed voice didn’t fit at all. Gordy went over to the kitchen and made himself a water and a whisky rocks. 
When he returned, Jane was sitting on the sofa. He sat next to her, saying nothing, as if they were riding a bus. The room glowed blue from the TV, on which Kojak’s brother was hugging Kojak.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I have a temperament.”
“Sometimes, I feel like I don’t know you,” Gordy said. “It’s like you’re hiding something.”
“It’s the same with you — for me, I mean.”
“You got someone here in Munich, don’t you? A certain someone.”
Jane sputtered a laugh. “No. Of this you can be sure.”
“Oh. So I guess that’s not it then. But, it’s something.”
Kojak was over and a cartoon frog was giving a weather report. Jane was biting her lip, deep in thought. She went over to the window and pulled the shade down. Back on the sofa she huddled close to Gordy, her legs curled up on the cushions. “Tad has a gun, yes? Do you know where he keeps it?”
“What? No. You’re scaring me.”
“Listen to me. Do you know where? This is all I’m asking.” Gordy nodded. “Gut. Do you have any, how do you say — balls? Shot balls?”
“Bullets. Bullets? No.”
Jane went in the kitchen and returned with a round tin bearing a picture of lemon candies. It rattled. She twisted it open, showed Gordy the few bullets inside, and then shoved the tin into his jacket lying on the sofa. “It is a revolver-type pistol, yes? So Tad tells me. A thirty-eight. Then these will fit inside.”
“Tad told you that?”
“Only what type of the gun. But he mustn’t know that I bought bullets for it — for you.”
“You are serious. I can see it. What changed you?”
Jane stared. The TV glowing on her face. “You,” she said. 
“Me?” Gordy broke into a smile. 
“Du.”
They sat gazing at each other. Drew closer. Gordy touched her chin, and her cheek. “I love all your freckles,” he said. “And I love your teeth, especially that tweaked little chipped one.” 
Jane showed Gordy her teeth and stuck out her tongue. Gordy kissed her and licked her teeth. She drew up her shoulders. “Gordy, stop that ...”
“I’m so glad you’re back. I don’t want to miss anyone else,” Gordy whispered. He loosened her ponytail, the silky strands sliding across his wrists. “So, am I out of the doghouse yet?” 
She pulled back, blinking and smiling. “Perhaps. Consider you yourself lucky, Gordy Fordham,” she said, and as he kissed her along the neck and prodded between her thighs, she began to writhe. 
“Perhaps on this night,” she purred, “you can finally sleep in my bed?”

NINETEEN

Their lovemaking lasted longer than Gordy had anticipated after having had to wait to wait so long for it. But only because of the interruptions. 
Kissing, they found the bed and began to undress each other. 
Jane pulled away. “This light from above is too bright and does not care about me. I … look old.” She went over and turned off the overhead light. 
They warmed the bed with foreplay, flesh caressing flesh, and Gordy was ready. 
“Something is sticky,” Jane said. Pulling a sheet up around her, she sat and turned a nightstand light on low. 
The cut on Gordy’s forehead was bleeding. He could feel it. It was trickling down to his mouth. He licked at it. Jane laughed, rolling on the bed. 
“It’s not funny. It’s blood. Blood is not funny.”
She got a large gauze bandage from the bathroom and slapped it on his forehead, so that he looked like he’d just had a prefrontal lobotomy. “The light hates me,” he joked and switched off the nightstand light and they resumed action. He kissed her chest. She bit at his shoulders. He maneuvered on top of her. 
“You don’t feel old,” he said. She laughed again. He kissed her laugh, and they kept kissing until they were both moaning and stroking each other like they were waxing cars. Jane yanked Gordy over and got on top.
The phone rang. 
Jane pushed off him and fumbled at the nightstand for the phone. “Auermann. Yes. Hello! And how are you? Working hard? Gut ...” 
Small talk. At a time like this. It went on and on. Gordy sighed. 
Jane handed him the phone. It was Tad.
“You could be dead for all I know,” Tad said. “You could call me. I’ve been worrying. What if you were dead?”
“All right. Sorry. You’re right. I got sidetracked —”
“And you ate our last Ritter Sport, did you know that? All of it. Thanks.”
“I know. Sorry…”
Jane, chuckling, was tugging on the phone line. She stroked at his thighs with both hands. Both hands!
“Tad, I kind of need to go —”
“Okay. Wait. How did the makeup work?”
“Well enough. Thanks. Look, I really have to —”
“Ohhh, I get it. Right. Sorry. Go, go. But do me a favor wear a condom —”
Gordy tossed the receiver toward the nightstand. It landed on its base. Jane had the cold cream now. But it wasn’t cold anymore. She’d rubbed a hefty dollop in her hands and warmed it up. Gordy lay back, grinning. 
“No,” Jane said. “Not on you. On me. Then on you. We grease each other for easy movement, ja?
“Ja wohl.”
Afterward, they lay on their sides and gazed at each other, smiling now and then. Her eyes twinkled at him, and he imagined he could see her better in the dark. For the first time, he felt like he really knew her. 
“They can’t hurt us now,” Gordy said.
“No. Not if we’re together.” 

In the morning, Jane was out of coffee. They decided to venture out for some. Her street, the Wurmstrasse, was a narrow dead-end lane of cobblestone. Battered old Citroens, Fiats, and motor scooters hugged the tight sidewalks. Jane’s building cast deep shadows and, within them, a chill that smothered even the sewer grate odors. Soft breezes rushed in and died. Gordy held Jane close. “I feel like I’m stuck in a meat cooler,” he grumbled as they exited the foyer and made for the sunlight of the intersecting boulevard.
On the corner stood a phone booth, just inside the shadows. As they neared it, a man stepped out of the booth and faced them. 
Gordy and Jane slowed, sizing him up.
The man wore a tweed driving cap and a long, black parka. Under the parka Gordy saw bulky Doc Martens shoes, black jeans with the cuffs turned up, and a green flight jacket — a real one, like Navy pilots wear. It was the uniform of a skinhead — a neo-Nazi. 
Jane gasped and clenched Gordy’s arm. Gordy’s heart raced. 
The man had dark bushy eyebrows, sunken eye sockets, and his eyes were too close together. Yet he wasn’t exactly ugly. He had blue in his eyes, a broad jaw, and a scruffy mustache — the sort of face, Gordy thought, that looks forceful from a distance but not so sure of itself up close. 
Jane muttered something in German. “No, can’t be,” Gordy blurted. 
The man removed his tweed driving cap. His head wasn’t shaven. He didn’t have a skinhead. His hair stood in thick, greasy spikes. He was the leader. Their Führer.
Gordy stepped back but Jane, her head rammed down, yanked at his elbow and hurried him onward. 
The leader moved into the middle of the street, blocking the sun. He dug his fists into the pockets of his parka. “Hi again,” he said, adding a grin. 
Gordy halted. Jane glared and tugged at him, but he stayed put. This had gone on too long. He planted his feet far apart, as if ready to duel. 
“Gordy, please, you don’t know what you’re doing —”
“So, Gordy, is it?” said the man. “And dear Jutta — or Ms. Auermann, should I say? Is that more correct?” the man said, doing his best to stifle his German accent. Jane only glared. “My name is Hugo Harper,” the man said to Gordy. “You’ll need to know that.” He drew a small black automatic from his pocket, waved it, and then put it back. “And that,” he said smiling, “was an HK thirty-eight.” 
“Shit,” Gordy muttered. 
“See now?” Jane said, pulling them forward again. 
“Okay. Just keep going by the bastard,” Gordy grunted, loud enough for Harper to hear.
Harper placed his hands on his hips and chuckled, like a pirate captain: “Haw-haw-haw, oh-ho-ho... Oh, no you don’t.” 
Car doors opened. Gordy heard them. Strong hands from behind pried Jane off Gordy. Harper jerked Jane toward him as the hands held Gordy in place. Gordy slid to the ground and stomped and kicked, tossing his shoulders.
“Lick my ass, you!” barked a voice in Gordy’s ear. Gordy recognized the voice — it was the boyish skinhead. He pressed Gordy’s arms high behind his back. A knee between his legs lifted him off the ground. 
“Ow. Ah! Okay, okay, it’s cool. It’s co-ol.”
As Harper steered Jane around the corner, the boyish one and a third one hoisted Gordy by his underarms and heaved him forward, his toes nicking at cobblestone. They shoved him in the phone booth and shut the door. 
Catching his breath, Gordy stared at them, just on the other side of the glass. They glared back. The boyish one had cuts and bruises and the tooth missing near the front. The third skinhead, steel-rimmed glasses and huge ears. He coughed and convulsed and cleared his throat with a grating shriek. 
He spat a yellow slime that slapped at the glass. 
The boyish one laughed. He unraveled a piece of heavy rope, gave an end to his floppy-eared mate, and then danced around the phone booth holding his end. Two, three, four times around he danced, stomping and kicking and raising his knees high, reminding Gordy of some psychotic lederhosen dance. Back at the front of the booth the boyish one wrapped the rest of the rope around the door handle and fastened a knot to the other end, and the two of them stood back, admiring their work. 
Gordy had slumped against the glass. The boyish one kicked at the glass and the two of them ran off, hollering and hopping up and down and around the corner. 
An engine roared. A rusting and primered Ford van charged out onto the boulevard. Black smoke shot out the back and settled blue at the pavement. Gordy pushed and pulled at the booth door but it was bound tight. He waited. Cars sped by out on the boulevard. No one passed. Minutes expired.
BRRINNG! BRRINNG!
The ringing startled Gordy and he hit his head on the glass. He took a deep breath. Lifted the receiver.
“Get home ASAP. Then wait for my contact. And no cops, klar?” the voice of Hugo Harper said. Then he hung up. 

TWENTY

Cars sped by out on the boulevard, their drivers unaware of a secluded phone booth bound up with heavy rope. Only one pedestrian passed in the next few minutes — an Arabic woman and her young daughter wearing headscarves. Gordy kicked and banged at the glass and screamed at them to let him out. They ran off, the woman shielding her daughter’s eyes lest this crazy Westerner try something violent or obscene. 
It took Gordy ten minutes to realize all he had to do was use the pay phone. He even had the twenty pfennig to call Tad. 
Tad brought scissors and their sharpest kitchen knife and hacked Gordy free. He told Gordy they were going straight to the nearest police department, but Gordy resisted. 
“We’d have to tell the cops about the archive documents. Jane wouldn’t want it that way. Besides, how does all this make us look? I’m not who I say I am. And you, you’re an accessory, no, a co-conspirator — that’s what you are. Our pad isn’t even ours. Technically we’re squatting.”
“You mean the archive documents we stole — which Jane doesn’t even know about, and if she did, she’d probably give you something to make that cut on your forehead look like an aphid bite.”
“Aphids don’t bite.”
“You’re not listening. Did it occur to you that Jane might be looking at things differently now?” 
Gordy got his way, for now. They spent the rest of the day waiting in the sublet, Gordy on the bed and Tad in the corduroy chair. Fretting. Stewing. Gordy curled up and faced the wall, brooding. What the hell did skinheads want with a hostage, anyway? He imagined Jane being kept in a dungeon and forced to listen to Hitler’s most famous speeches. Vintage German helmets would be worn all around. Then she was made to wear the Camp Fire Girls’-like uniform of the Nazi League of German Maidens. 
“They should have taken you,” Tad growled. “You’d probably like it.”
By evening, Gordy was gnawing his fingernails raw and bloody. He had the radio tuned to Bavaria 3, Tad’s plug-in Walkman speaker blaring Armed Forces Radio, and the TV back and forth between ARD and ZDF news. Bavaria 3 was reporting on a minor though alarming decrease in pork consumption while Armed Forces Radio was interviewing the US commander in the Gulf, General Norman Schwarzkopf: Allied mobilization against Saddam Hussein was near complete, declared the general. Meanwhile, ZDF news showed yet more footage of rapt and ragged East Germans pouring into West Germany for the latest products and produce. Bananas were big. Cheap bright Adidas were huge.
“Jesus, why not get a ham radio in here too?” Tad said. “No one knows about us, so what good’s having all this on? I mean it. It’s time to call the Polizei.” He started for the phone on the desk —
Gordy flopped over and yanked the phone to the bed. “Do we have to go over this again? We have the guy’s name. Harper. Hugo Harper. Come on, you’re the big researcher now.” 
Tad sat back, sighing. He was on his second Jägermeister and coffee. He stared, the cup at his mouth. 
“Please, can’t you just call him?” Gordy said. 
“I told you. I’m not going back to Maurice.”
“Who says go back to him? Just see if they can run a background check or whatever they do. Hugo Harper’s a unique enough name.” 
Tad went over to the glass wall to the balcony. The radiator had kicked in, banging and creaking, and the glass was steaming up. He wiped at it. “It’s snowing. Full-on.”
“And it will be dark soon. Come on.”
“I need a smoke.” Tad stepped outside and lit a cigarette.
Bavaria 3 was giving the weather again. Armed Forces Radio ran basketball scores from back home — The Trail Blazers beat the Pacers by fifteen; Drexler had thirty. ARD was showing the news but the screen jumped and blurred. Gordy banged on the TV and waved the antenna. “When are Germans going to get cable?” he grumbled —
Tad cracked the door open. He stuck his head in. “If I call him, you can’t be here. I don’t want you to hear.” 
“But what if they —”
“If they call, I’ll be here to answer it. That’s my offer. And I get to smoke in here while I do it. And turn that TV off.”
“All right. Deal,” Gordy said, trying to smile. 

Outside his building, huddling in a doorway, Gordy zipped up his bomber jacket and pulled the collar high. It was dusk now, and far too cold for a stroll. By the time he walked to the Olympic Lake and back his cheeks were stinging and the joints of his fingers ached. The wet snowflakes had soaked his shoulders. But his stroll had refreshed him. His worries were better organized. Jane was probably giving those skinheads hell by now, he reasoned. They had no idea what they were getting into. 
Back upstairs the air was hot and reeking of fresh cigarette smoke. Tad lay on the bed, smirking at a shot of Jäger he held up to his eyes. Like this, with his glasses on, he looked like some hotshot chemist — the young Doktor Faustus. Gordy, uncomfortable, clucked his tongue as he wiggled out of his wet leather jacket and hung it up. 
“Well?” he said.
“It went pretty good. Maurice isn’t mad.”
“That’s good. What about Harper — the background check?”
“Maurice says he’ll check first thing.”
“First thing. What does that mean?”
“It means, he doesn’t have clearance for after-hours checks unless they’re pre-authorized.”
“So, like, first thing in the morning he’ll check?”
“Right. In the morning. Finished?” 
“Yes.” Gordy found the corduroy chair. “Thanks. That’s, uh, cool that Maurice isn’t mad. Maybe you guys can still be friends, or something.” 
Tad threw back the shot. “Look at you. I know what you’re thinking — ‘It’s weird that I got a fag living with me.’”
“What? No I’m not. Okay, maybe I am — I can admit it. But, you didn’t tell Maurice about you-know-what? Did you?”
“You really want to get to me, don’t you? Of course I didn’t. And I didn’t tell him about Jane either, if she matters at all.”
“Of course she does.” Gordy cleared his throat. “Actually, Tad, I think I like her a lot.”
“Great. That’s all I wanted to hear you say.” Tad was grinning, nodding at Gordy.
When the phone rang. 
Gordy lunged. “Hello?” He heard static, a series of clicks, and then a gentle male voice: 
“Evening, sir, this is the AT&T international operator.” 
“Yeah what is it?”
“Will you accept the charges for a collect call, from a Ms. Auermann?”
“Yes.” 
“How do you wish to pay, sir?”
“Pay? I don’t know — put it on my phone bill.” 
The connection crackled. “… not authorized to do that, sir. Do you have an international calling card, sir?”
“No. But hold on.” Gordy grabbed Tad’s wallet from the nightstand. Tad waved him onward. “Visa all right? Visa?”
“Go ahead, sir.” 
Gordy read the numbers, the expiration date. The operator thanked him and hung up. Gordy stared, dumfounded. “That was it? What happens now? And why the international operator?”
“They call back,” Tad said, his voice heavy. “It’s an old connection, I bet. Which means, they could be out of the country.”
“Out of the country? Already?”
Tad held up his hands. “Depends where they are.”
They sat in silence, staring at their hands and feet. Minutes passed. Gordy didn’t feel like chocolate, or a sausage, or even a beer.
“When it rings, let me get it,” Tad said.
“Why?”
“Make them think there’s more of us. That we’re all over it.”
“Okay. But if it’s Jane let me talk to her.”
BBRRINNGG!
Tad picked up. “Yes ... Okay. No ... Hi, Jane. Good ... Yes. Wait, you can’t be serious? ... fine. Okay, okay, fine ... Wiederhören.” He hung up. He flashed a weak smile at Gordy.
“I wanted to talk to her.”
“It wasn’t her; it was that Hugo Harper. He only let Jane say she was fine. He’s calling back tomorrow afternoon.” 
“Tomorrow? How did she sound?”
“Good. Pissed off.” Tad sighed. “The thing is, this Harper, he wants to set up a rendezvous.”
“For what?”
Tad sighed again. “He’s asking for a ransom, Gord. For Jane back.”
“Ransom — as in, a big payment?” Gordy slumped. 
“Calm down. He didn’t even mention the archives. Let’s just hope that’s not another phase of this —”
“Who does he think he is? Where the hell are we going to get a ransom? Or even get to a rendezvous?”
Tad shook his head. He scratched at a temple. “I don’t know. But, he’s saying he wants five thousand. In Deutschmarks.”

TWENTY-ONE

Gordy didn’t know of any family Jane had, and they didn’t want to alert her neighbors by asking around. Tad tried the Munich phone book. No Auermanns. They had no one to call. They were on their own. 
“Why would this Hugo Harper think we could get five thousand of anything?” Gordy asked Tad.
“You really don’t see it? Turn that TV back on and see what this guy sees. Dallas. Dynasty. Fucking Lifestyles Of The Rich And Famous. We’re Americans. Five thousand marks have got to be a drop in the bucket for us. Not only that, we’re looking like pedigree — he’s probably found out I’m a Senator’s son, and you, dear Gordon K. Fordham, are a Fulbright Research Scholar.”
“How could he know that? Oh. They better not hurt her.”
“Let’s hope not. All we can do now is wait, and then come up with a plan.” 
They slept horribly, listening to each other toss and turn and huff, the pigeons’ cooing transforming into the growls of gargantuan man-eating dragons. First thing in the morning, Gordy went out for the Herald Tribune and Süddeutsche Zeitung. He gazed into the baker’s and butcher’s windows at the fresh sesame rolls, sliced gouda, and liver sausage but, worrying once again how they were going to score thousands of Deutschmarks, hurried back before Tad ate the last of their Nutella. Tad had saved him the globs sticking to the jar and two slices of bread. And they drank coffee and they waited, first browsing the papers and then resorting to watching a black-and-white German crime show from the 50s, called a Krimi — in this one a train station restroom attendant was leading a double life as a martini-swigging, showgirl-strangling nightclub singer. And Gordy’s thoughts grew darker, and grimmer. Everyone was an imposter, it seemed. It just depended how far you wanted to take it. 
The phone rang. Maurice. Tad took the phone and note pad into the washing cell. 
A half an hour later, not long after the strangler got nabbed, Tad let himself out of the washing cell and found the chair at the desk. “Maurice risked his clearance, and possibly his posting for this. So. Here’s the deal. Hugo Harper is not your normal skinhead. He’s got his own dossier.” He flipped back to the first page of his note pad. “Full name — Hugo Siegfried Puch-Harper. Biological father is American, a US Army sergeant named Barney Harper. Lots of stuff on this guy. Black market operator. A drunk. Brawler. Married three times. This could all be cover, of course — guy could’ve been an agent, probably why they have so much on him, I’m guessing. Maurice isn’t saying. 1961, while visiting the Soviet Sector, Barney Harper meets an East Berlin prostitute named Gerlinde Puch. Then the Wall goes up. Harper gets across to her once or twice on the short visa, but in the end he’s reported to tell her that the Wall made it too risky to get her over to the West. Fact, he reported to Investigation Branch he was going to break it off.” Tad smiled. “He didn’t. Not until he gets Gerlinde pregnant, this was 1962. Then he leaves her hanging for good.”
“Nice. And, she had a son named Hugo,” Gordy said. 
“You got it.”
“What happened to her?”
Tad flipped more pages. “Info on that’s more sketchy ... Gerlinde died when Hugo was ten, she was a drug addict by then, and Hugo grew up in state orphanages in the DDR under the name Hugo Puch. Eventually he got west. When he’s eighteen makes it over the East German border and hitchhikes south, to Munich. At the US embassy declares he’s defecting and tells them about his real father — his American father. Embassy officials had no problem finding dear old dad. At the time Barney Harper is posted in Aschaffenburg, just down the Autobahn. So Harper Senior has little choice but to acknowledge his son. Changes Hugo’s name in a military court, and put him in the base DoD school to improve his English.” Tad held the notes close and read: “‘Hugo Harper alias Puch has not proven to be highly intelligent, yet he is clever in a street-wise way and possesses a forceful personality. Athletic, strong, strives to make an impression.’“
“A real self-starter. Freak,” Gordy said.
“So much so that Maurice said the agency feared he might be a double. Let’s see ... Goes with his father on a trip to the states, lasting a summer, where he meets some, quote, ‘white power agitators,’ and starts following the skinhead bands, the ‘neo-Nazi philosophy.’ But back in West Germany our Hugo’s becoming a loner. The details get blurry. Enrolls at the technical college here in Munich but drops out soon after. This is early mid eighties. Hardcore slash skinhead music scene. Busted for drugs. Pretty much a downward spiral — until East Germany begins to crack, that is.” Tad flipped to the next page, shaking his head.
“What?”
“Suddenly Hugo’s valuable. Last year daddy got him on with the agency doing deeds back in East Germany. Thus all this background. He’s tracking the moves of ex-Stasi men and Red Army Faction in hiding, shit like that. But he’s dropped soon after as ‘politically unreliable.’ Seems Hugo boasted to his control about having political ambitions. By now he’s hanging around the various hard-core right-wing parties: National Front, Free German Workers Party, the Republikaner.” 
“The East — that must be where he was calling from. Oh, shit. What then?”
Tad, nodding, searched the last page of notes. “Stays in the East, jumps around a lot, living with skinhead friends. Hoyerswerda, Bautzen, Quedlingburg, Cottbus. The skinhead thing’s his whole life now, looks like ... Not much else here. Some psychological observation. Says here Hugo ‘smiles a lot for a German.’ He’s a ‘back-slapper,’ and ‘everybody’s pal.’ Rowdy. Likes to party. And yet he’s still a loner. According to this he’s, quote, ‘envious and covets superficial attention.’” Tad stuck out his lower lip. “Makes sense. An East German in the West? Got to feel a little misunderstood, if not ignored.” 
“Like an alien. It would be like a dropout from Estacamas trying to find his way in, I don’t know, Manhattan.”
“Or Munich.” Tad, chuckling, slid the note pad to a corner of the desk. “So. See why this Hugo thinks we could score five thousand? Gordy? Hello?” 
Gordy was lying flat on the bed, letting it sink in. His heart raced, and he gave in to an overwhelming urge to bang the back of his head against the wall, ever faster. 
A neighbor banged back and yelled something. 
“Knock it off,” Tad said. “You want the Hausmeister on us?”
Gordy jumped up to the middle of the room, his eyes bulging. He couldn’t stop this. His mouth dropped open and no sound came out but raspy squeaks and he couldn’t stop pivoting, lifting one leg and then the other, like a Sumo wrestler. 
“You’re hyperventilating. Dude. Breathe. You asthmatic?”
“No. I feel l know, this Hugo freak, better than I do Jane,” Gordy panted. “He’s as much one of us, as one of them. Jane, she could be in real trouble. Couldn’t she?” 
“Hold on.” Tad thumbed through the notes. “There’s nothing in here about assault or violence. So maybe we’re okay. Gord? It’s not your fault.”
Gordy had dropped to the floor, catching his breath. He crawled back on the bed, faced the dirty white wall, and slammed his head into his pillow. 

The phone rang an hour later. Gordy bolted for it. “This you Harper? Listen man, we know all about you.”
Tad waved hands. “Me the phone,” he muttered.
There was a long pause on the other end. Gordy waited, held on. He heard a sniff. 
“Well, nice to talk to you, too,” she said. 
Gordy recognized her voice, yet little else registered. Gwen’s words were only as familiar as a voice overused for this or that TV commercial. 
“Gordy? What’s wrong honey?”
“Gwenners? Hi. Nothing’s wrong. What are you calling for?”
“Why are you talking like that? This is the first time I’ve called you. You sound different. You, you’ve changed ...”
“No. I know it’s the first time. I’m sorry.”
“Aren’t you happy to hear from me?”
“Yes. Of course,” Gordy chirped. “Hi!” 
A long silence. A purring sound, from deep in her throat. “You know it’s almost morning-time here? And ... I was wondering if, you’re feeling as lonely as I am.” Gwen’s voice had transformed, and Gordy recognized it now. It made him see the low-cut lacy teddy she slept in, the shoulder straps were thin and silky and worked their way off as she slept. He heard her sighing in her sleep as he spooned her in the morning. “Oh, you’re scared aren’t you, so far away from home, aren’t you?” she groaned, each word warmer, fuller than the one before — as if to say, so what if he did sound different, she’d change that right back because he was still hers for the taking. 
“I’m fine, Jane,” Gordy said. 
“What? What did you call me?” 
“No. Did I?”
“You said Jane. You got someone over there. My god. My god.” There followed a sharp gasping sound like a duck being choked.
“No — well yeah, but it’s only Tad Parkerfield.” 
Tad was shaking his head at him. 
“You remember him. He went to Estacamas High with me.”
“Of course, and he called me for your number there ...” Gordy heard smothered giggles. “Is that all? Gordy, I never thought you’d swing both ways. You, of all people.” 
“No, it’s not that it’s —”
“Oh stop it,” Gwen chirped. “I think it’s cute.” 
Tad was grinning, his teeth bared like a small and exotic show dog’s. 
“Baby, it’s okay. Try it out,” Gwen said, her voice breathy. “But I know you still want me. Only I can tell. And I’ll make it all up to you, too.”
The aching, the longing was still there, just as she said. It hadn’t taken her long to find it. The next thing he knew, she would be telling him she had a flight and was heading over. He sat frozen, his back to Tad now. 
She added: “How’s my apartment? Are you keeping it nice and warmy-warm for me? Huh, baby?”
“I’m sorry, I’ve got to go.” 
Gwen said nothing. He waited. “Well, why?” she said.
“Thing is, I’m expecting an important phone call and I got no double line. About money. Besides, this is costing you money.”
“Screw that, I’m making tons of tips. You didn’t even ask me about Twin Peaks.” 
Gordy’s mouth opened, but nothing came out. 
“Baby? You’re there. You still want me,” Gwen said and hung up.
Tad was fighting a laugh. “Got the last word in, didn’t she? As always.”
“No. Maybe. How could she know about you? Everyone knew except me.”
“How couldn’t she? Gwen always wanted to be a fag-hag,” Tad said, and his smile fell away. He came over, snatched the phone off the bed and placed it on the desk. “Next time, I get it.” 

“It’s ringing, it’s ringing!” Gordy screeched, rubbing at his eyes, trying to focus. It was the middle of the night. Tad was asleep at the table, his head in his folded arms. 
“Tad the phone it’s ringing!”
Tad lifted his head and the receiver. “Hell-o? Yes ... I’m Parkerfield, right. You can’t be serious ... Okay, listen, it won’t be a problem.” He scribbled an address on the note pad. “Uh, is that on a map? … Can we bring others? Okay, then keep treating her well and I’ll do the best I can to get you a deal ... Wiederhören.” 
“What? What did he say?”
Tad sighed, rubbing at this neck. “The offer’s the same. Harper wants the five thousand Deutschmarks. He wants me and you to meet him in the East, in two days. Town called Görlitz on the Polish border. We’re allowed to bring one other person and that’s it — as if we live with our own entourage or something. Oh, well, let him think it.” Tad tapped his fingers on the desk, and stared at them. Looked up. “So, it’s settled. We’ll just have to deal.”
Gordy was up and off the bed again, pacing the room. “Settled? Why are you so calm all the sudden?” 
“I’m not calm. I’m curious. He still didn’t say a thing about the archive. And I definitely find that curious.”

TWENTY-TWO

Gordy and Tad had one day to get their act together. They spent the morning downing coffee and zeroing in on a plan. By noon, they were searching for Wayne in Old Town. They found him on the small square outside the Hofbräuhaus beer hall, which was bristling, as always, with Anglo-Saxon and Asian tourists who were smashed and all the more generous. Wayne was putting on quite a show, but it wasn’t earning him any coin. He was fending off a newly arrived clown for creative control of the square. The clown had a bright yellow face and a thick orange mustache that drooped down to his chest. He’d gotten hold of Wayne’s unicycle and wouldn’t give it back. Wayne had his fists up. The clown spat at Wayne. Wayne pranced around the clown, his knees high. 
Gordy whistled and waved at Wayne. Wayne flashed a denture grin at Gordy and Tad. He charged the clown and kicked him low in the stomach and pumped the unicycle above his head, shouting at the shocked and now dispersing crowd to get their arses back on the square for some good old-fashioned juggling fun fit for the whole family. “Come on, people,” he yelled, back up on the unicycle now. Arms folded in triumph across his chest, he watched the beaten clown crawl away down a narrow lane, dragging along its duffel bag of tricks and gags. 
“Did I tell you? He used to be a commando in the Australian army,” Tad said, lighting a cigarette. “Or so he’s told me.”
“He’s all we got. It’s either him or one of us.”
Gordy and Tad talked Wayne into joining them at a nearby café, where they offered him a starring role in their plan. “Good on ya,” Wayne said, sucking down a coffee. “You count me in.”
Next Gordy and Tad hit an army surplus store on the roughest edge of Old Town, a drab alley shop decked out with Confederate and pirate flags, blackened windows, and battered female mannequins sporting a mishmash of US Army, NATO, and the latest Soviet gear to make it west of the Berlin Wall. Then, an unplanned stop back in Old Town — Tad halted before a Deutsche Bank. “Wait out here, could you?” he said, and left Gordy surrounded by pigeons that apparently knew him from his balcony, because they hopped and cooed until more of their friends landed around him, so many that he got a little spooked and started kicking at them. Passersby glowered at him. 
Back in the sublet, Tad pulled a large Deutsche Bank envelope from his coat and counted out five thousand Deutschmarks onto the desk. “Just as a precaution. In case we have no choice. Took out a few hundred more for our expenses.” He added a laugh.
Gordy’s mouth was hanging open. He lowered himself to the corduroy chair, his eyes warming up as if to tear. He choked on his words. “You, would do that, for me?”
“Actually, it’s for Janie. So don’t go all ‘Send in the Clowns’ on me.” 
“Wait. Hold on.” Gordy shot up. “You mean we been eating Nutella and stale toast for two months when you had Parkerfield money just sitting in the bank?”
“Just sit back down, all right? Thank you.” Tad sighed. “It’s not my parents money. It’s not even all mine, really. Queer Power — remember them? They sent a chunk of this to me, to help cover my return. I was going to give it back, if I ever made up mind. The rest, yes, I’ve been sitting on. For an emergency. An escape. Something.”
“Oh. I don’t know what to say.”
“So don’t. I was hoping, if we have to give this up, that whatever happens with the archive will help bring it back. We’ll consider it an investment. All right?”
“Okay. I will. Thank you.” 
“Accepted. Now let’s go over all we got before Wayne gets here.”

The next morning — the day of the rendezvous. A Wednesday. Mid December. A-9 Autobahn, heading far north of Munich in a rented Opel Kadett. Gordy rode in back next to Tad, his knees pinned to the back of the front seat and his hair tickling at the roof. Tad had insisted on renting the Opel — it was the only way they were going to find this Görlitz place inside one day, he argued. Wayne was driving, wearing a grimy mock-Native American poncho and a thick green stocking cap. As it turned out he had an international drivers’ license, so he insisted on driving. He also made Gordy and Tad sit in back. This would make them look more important, Wayne said, even though, as Tad had pointed out, their limousine was purple, a subcompact, and needed a good washing. 
Tad wiped at the window with his sleeve, squeaking it. A black BMW had passed going thrice as fast, its left rear blinker blazing yellow. Up front, Wayne had euro dance pop cranked on the radio and was thumping the steering wheel with his thumbs. “Gord, look, there’s something I wanted to tell you before we left this morning,” Tad said. 
He must have picked this moment so Wayne couldn’t hear. “No big, we were in a hurry,” Gordy said. 
“We weren’t in that big a hurry,” Tad said. “I just didn’t have the balls. Here’s the deal — I’m going to be heading home soon. I’ve decided.”
“Home? Well, that’s great. Before I know it, I’ll probably be heading back.” 
“You’re not listening. I’m talking about when this is over. This today. That’s how soon.” 
Up ahead, the BMW bore down on a copper Ford Pinto with US Army plates. Gordy wiped at his window. The Pinto had crossed over to the right lane, sputtering, and blue smoke charged out the back as it slowed. “What about the money? You’ll need it.”
Tad shrugged. “Well. We’ll just have to make this work, won’t we?”
“Yes. You bet.”
“Though what I really want is a smoke,” Tad shouted out. 
Wayne, to Gordy’s relief, had banned all smoking in the car. 
Up ahead the three lanes merged into two. They were nearing the soon-to-be former East German frontier. Wayne came up fast on a column of worn-out Wartburgs, Trabis, and Ladas with Polish plates — powder blue, dull mustard, and orangey-red cartoon cars towing carts loaded down with bananas, grapefruit juice, cassette players, any West German beer, and Marlboros.
“I want to do this,” Tad added. “It’s the only thing I’ve ever really done. Or will do. That and your research.”
“Thank you,” Gordy began, reaching for Tad’s shoulder, but Tad sat forward and shouted: “Dear Wayne, could you turn that shit down now please?”
Wayne slapped at the dial and killed the music. His large dark eyes filled the rear view mirror. “Right. So, heading back to America, are ya?” 
The soon extinct East German border guards had impressive field gray uniforms that, with their silver collar insignia and black leather, closely resembled those of Hitler’s German Army. Gordy respected the resemblance. It was just like in all those cheap spy novels. Only months before these guards could have scared the crap out of them. They would have searched their car and who knew what tender cavities. Now, after seeing their Western car and passports, the guards simply smiled and waved them on as if guarding a second-rate amusement park instead of the Eastern Bloc’s most grim and deadly threat to flourishing NATO Europe. An officer smoking out by their car had shiny boots and jodhpurs, chest medals, and a high peaked cap. Gordy wanted a picture with him, but Tad told Wayne to step on it. 
They passed through a vast no-man’s land of tank tracks, surveillance bunkers, and towers atop hills — all abandoned now, Tad had to point out, which spoiled the scene for Gordy. Then the no-man’s land gave way and the ride turned rough, the narrow pale gray highway cracked and pocked and marred with sloppy seams of tar. The few junctions they passed were unfinished, their side streets all mud. One road began and stopped a hundred yards later. They stared and Wayne drove on, dodging the potholes.
The night before Gordy had suggested they bring the Senator’s chrome thirty-eight. Tad resisted. He wanted no gun in his pants. But Gordy would gladly carry the gun — it was either he or Wayne. In the end, he convinced Tad with rabid begging and equal parts lager, Jägermeister, and Ritter Sport chocolate with raisins. Tad, for his part, said he could only hope the thirty-eight would help them avoid another bloody wrestling match with the skinheads. But only if the thing wasn’t loaded — Tad insisted on this. Of course, Gordy said. 
Along the highway the snow-flocked fields turned to a muddy brown, and the woods darkened. As they passed the exit for Karl-Marx Stadt — soon to be re-renamed Chemnitz — they saw towers of black smoke rising into the gray northern sky. Here, East Germany’s shoddy and unregulated factories were still polluting non-stop. Wayne fumbled with the dash controls to block the outside air, but it was no good. The air had turned gritty and stung in their nostrils. It reminded Gordy of his dad’s overworked woodstove. Their clothes probably smelled of it already. 
“Really wish I had a smoke,” Tad repeated.
Gordy had brought the ammo for the gun. He told himself he wasn’t misleading Tad so much as obeying Jane’s wishes. Take these bullets just in case, she had said, as if foreseeing this very situation they were now in. There were only five bullets in the candy tin, and they rattled inside, so he’d tossed out the tin and wrapped the bullets with saran wrap and a rubber band and tucked them deep in the inside pocket of his bomber jacket. 
On the highway shoulder sat a grungy white Lada sedan. The roof bore a small blue siren and the doors the letters “VP” — for Volkspolizei. No one sat inside. The hood was up, and the tires stolen. 
“No good calling the coppers,” Wayne shouted over the radio blaring. “We’re in the bloody Commie East now. West Polizei don’t have jurisdiction here yet. Only we do,” he added, grinning into the rear-view mirror. 
Wayne knew nothing of the gun, or the archive. He only knew that Gordy’s girlfriend had been kidnapped and, like any good supposed commando, he had proudly accepted his narrow, need-to-know status. He hadn’t even asked about payment. “I’ll take good care of you, and you’ll take care of me,” he had told them.
Along the horizon, the dark fields and woods were giving way to clusters of red rooftops and coal-gray spires. The next exit was Dresden. “You Yanks fire-bombed that place to bloody hell,” Wayne shouted. “Forty-five. Scorched almost half a million the bastards in one day.” He tapped at the steering wheel, humming, shaking his head. 
“It’s like we’re going back in time,” Gordy muttered.
“Not ‘like,’” Tad said. Grumbling, he placed an unlit Marlboro in his mouth. 
Gordy’s eyes kept closing. Tad pushed Gordy’s head off his shoulder. Gordy turned the other way and fell asleep. 
His head banged against the window and woke him. He checked his watch: three p.m., and Görlitz was less than an hour away. He wondered where Jane was at that moment. Was she cramped too? Tired like him? Was she thinking, as he was, that cramped and tired wouldn’t be so bad if they were only together? He wiped at the window and saw nothing but more dark fields and hills. His mind raced. For her he would use the gun, but this was not some cheap spy novel he was living. He had never shot a gun before. What if he had to? And how and when was he supposed to get the bullets in the thing?
Next to Gordy, Tad gazed out the window, his eyes slow and sad. 
“Time for another scorcher, isn’t that right Gordo?” Wayne shouted. For no good reason he’d started calling Gordy Gordo. Speeding on, he howled and pumped a fist and slapped at the roof.
An hour later. Tad spat out his wet unlit Marlboro against the back of the front seat and stomped on it. “The place is called ‘Zum Graben.’ It’s an inn. It’s outside of town, near an old cemetery.” 
Narrow town streets had led them around a hill and delivered them onto a cobblestone square with a Gothic church. This was the center of Görlitz Town. Their tattered, fifty year-old map had been little use. Struggling with the local dialect they had asked a mailman and a taxi driver, but neither knew of Zum Graben. 
“Just pick a street and keep driving,” Tad said. 
Wayne shrugged and drove on. Up ahead waited a long column of Eastern Bloc-issue cars and trailers. They had reached the Polish border. “Cool,” Gordy blurted. Wayne pulled a U-turn and parked. From the Polish side similar cars and trailers sputtered along into Görlitz, and people jogged alongside hawking road maps, bottles of water, and boxes of juice. Tad got out, lit up, and bought a photocopy of a tourist map from a smiling boy who chirped, “For Deutschmarks or dollars only please, sir.” 
The photocopy map led them down a muddy road to the northernmost reaches of town, where they discovered a mini junction of three ramshackle red-brick buildings — a two-story inn, a gas station (“out of gas,” read a sign), and, set farther back, a long rectangular barn or warehouse. “Must have been a farm at one time,” Tad said. On the opposite side of the road, a line of stooping linden trees shrouded an ornate wrought-iron gate. Beyond that, ragged tombstones leaned in the long grass. 
“A cemetery. This has to be it,” Gordy said. 
They had Wayne pass once and turn around. He slowed for a better look. A dirt courtyard filled the space between the three buildings. Weeds and garbage covered railroad tracks that ran behind the one long building. Ducts and conduits ran up and down walls, as if tacked up at random, and one side of the gas station was clothed in tar sheets. Wires ran from one roof to the other, some hanging low enough for a tall man to hang from — or a kid to hang his sneakers on, Gordy thought. All you do is tie the laces together. He looked over at Tad. Tad was smirking. 
Parked out along the road were a green scooter, a rusting Wartburg coupe, and a brand-new white Trabi. But no delivery van. 
“Showtime?” Wayne said. 
“Showtime,” Tad said. “You’re it.”
“Break a leg,” Gordy added. 
Wayne took two deep breaths, and then fell silent. He turned to them in the back seat. Gordy and Tad shrunk back. Wayne had let his face go slack, and then harden, so that nothing showed through. He pulled off his stocking cap to reveal his freshly shaved head, a misshapen, bumpy and pasty white cranium mottled with scars and scabs. 
“Jesus,” Tad muttered, “it’s so white it’s glowing.” 
So white, it brought out the bright red of Wayne’s raw, wind-scraped cheeks and forehead. A clear borderline separated his forehead from where his hair used to start. The severity of it was unexpected, but they would just have to go with it. 
“Good, good,” Gordy cooed, rubbing his hands together. 
Next, Wayne pulled off his poncho and stepped out of the car sporting a nylon flight jacket, tight black t-shirt, red suspenders, jeans with the cuffs turned up, and shiny black combat boots. Gordy and Tad had found the whole getup at the army surplus store. They climbed out of the back, their legs wobbly and aching. Tad shoved another Marlboro in his mouth and lit it. 
“Look at him. Our creation. It’s the ultimate disguise,” Gordy whispered to Tad, fighting a sly giggle.
“Calm down, Herr Doktor Frankenstein.”
Wayne was marching around the car, glaring as if ready to bash in the windows. He stopped at the hood and, peering at the inn, slapped on the hood. “Fuck ‘em, the bleedin’ show ponies, fuck ‘em,” he growled. 
Tad joined him at the hood, speaking low. “Take it easy, okay. We don’t want to overdo it —”
“My name’s not Wayne. It’s Jesse,” Wayne said, putting into action his interpretation of a rural American accent. 
“Jesse. Yes. Just like we talked about.” Gordy spoke to Wayne in a hushed and careful tone, as if Wayne had a gun to his head. Wayne had picked the name Jesse. They had approved it all. Yet seeing Wayne’s transformation for real gave Gordy a menacing feeling deep in his gut, sort of like a balloon filling up just under his skin.
“Right, Gordo. So leave it to me and watch me go.” 
A wall of stale cigarette air met them as they entered the inn — Wayne first, then Gordy, and Tad. They passed cheap pine tables and booths stained dark, a cigarette dispenser on the wall. They stood at the bar. Above hung an Imperial German war flag the size of a handkerchief. A faded sign shaped like a Soviet red star advertised the local beer. The shelves behind held a mishmash of beer glasses and rows of toy soldiers. Someone had painted a smile on a dulled lead musketeer. Oddly, this only enlarged Gordy’s menacing bloat. He nudged Wayne.
“Hay!” Wayne barked in English. “Anyone here ‘r what?” Gordy and Tad cringed at each other. Wayne sounded like a mentally impaired Cajun with a speech impediment. They’d decided no one would notice the difference.
They heard a hacking cough. A stout old bartender in a green suede cardigan hobbled out to them. “So, bitte —”
“Afternoon. We have a meeting here,” Gordy said, his German halting. 
The bartender’s shoulders straightened. “Ah. Yes, yes you do. Please, wait.” 
At the bar, Gordy sifted through a stack of beer coasters. He smiled at one that read, “People’s Central Brewing Concern,” then stuffed four of them in his pocket. Tad rolled his eyes. Wayne stroked his head and muttered to himself.
The bartender returned. “You’re early, I am told. I’ll serve you while you wait.” He poured them beers that tasted thin and soapy, and then directed them to a booth in the corner where he brought hard yellow cheese, a dark grainy bread, and a lumpy, congealed white grease in a bowl. Gordy and Wayne stared in horror.
“Schmalz?” Tad said. It was lard. For spreading, apparently.
The bartender shrugged. “It’s the shortages. Been no meat for the past week.” 
“And, there will be no Schmalz today,” Tad said, handing the bartender the bowl. Wayne’s beer was empty. He ordered a second. They broke off bits off cheese and stuffed the bread in their mouths. Wayne belched. Given the precedent, Gordy went ahead and let out a blaring belch that seemed to calm his gut. 
Out the front windows, they saw a cloud of pulsing exhaust and a polished black roof and trunk. A Mercedes was rolling by, the windows darkened. 
“Hugo can’t afford a Mercedes,” Gordy said. 
“No. It had Russian license plates,” Tad said. “Probably a coincidence.”
“You’re hoping.” Wayne twisted his beer glass, as if hoping to screw it right through the table — if it didn’t break first. “Be good if we had a gun.”
“No!” Gordy barked. 
“He’s right,” Tad said. “This isn’t the U S of A. Harper’s probably the only one of them who’s used a gun. Most of these bozos will be teens, if there from here, and too young to have been in the NVA or the border patrol. Youth brigades taught them flag waving, how to tie a scarf, things like that. Now they kick and throw stones. So why up the ante?” Tad was staring at Gordy as he spoke. “So let’s just stay cool. Right?” 
Gordy nodded.
“Right but, this Harper could teach them bloody fast,” Wayne began — 
“Quiet,” Gordy said. They listened. Shouts and laughter and revving engine roars were growing louder, from somewhere behind the inn. Tad twisted out his Marlboro. 
The bartender showed himself at the bar, his hands clasped at his stomach. “It’s on now, everyone’s here.”

TWENTY-THREE

“Like me now? Used to do Tennessee Williams back in Sydney,” Wayne whispered, boasting of his horrid American accent as they followed the bartender to the back door. 
“Of course you did,” Tad muttered. 
“Wait. I ... need to use the toilet,” Gordy said.
Tad, Wayne as Jesse, and the bartender waited at the back door as Gordy ducked into the men’s room and, huddling at the grimy urinal, drew the thirty-eight revolver from his inside jacket pocket. Fumbling with the Saran wrap, Gordy got two bullets into the chamber before he dropped the gun. It splashed and clattered and cracked the porcelain. Muttering curses, he toweled off the gun and washed his hands in the stinging cold-only water. He slid the cold metal piece under his jacket and down the front of his Levis. This made him lurch as he walked, like a rusting tin man. 
Wayne laughed as Gordy tottered back out. 
“You alright? Need more time in there?” Tad said. 
Gordy shook his head. 
The bartender opened the back door for them. “You pass through the courtyard, and into the long building across the way. Someone will show you. Off you go.”
Out in the dirt courtyard, groups of skinheads had gathered and more were showing up heaving crates of beer to random spots. They stopped to watch the three pass. Wayne stuck his chest out and led the way, fists at his sides. Gordy heard the whispers and snarling in dialect. The big-eared skinhead from the phone booth was pointing at him. At one end of the courtyard, a small stage had been erected under a canopy of tarp. Musical skinheads tuned guitars and fussed with amps while their plump girlfriends watched smoking. 
They passed a pile of trash laden with books — East German textbooks, conduct manuals, and party handbooks, Gordy noticed. One title read, Onto the Bright Path: Toddlers and Centralized Farming Doctrine. Two young skinheads were emptying a can of kerosene on the pile. 
Harper’s main cohort, the boyish skinhead, approached pushing a cart of more books. “Halt,” he barked. He marched over and pushed at Tad’s chest. “Not this one — no AIDS-donors here.”
Wayne wedged in front of Tad. “Let it go, man,” he growled at boyish skinhead, spitting, “‘cause this here boy’s coming in and them’s the rules.” 
Tad blurted a nervous laugh. Gordy was expecting a head butt at any moment. But the boyish skinhead had noticed Wayne’s pseudo skinhead getup. He stood back, his eyebrows lowered. “So be it. Come on.” 
As the three followed boyish skinhead to the long building the pile of trash and books ignited at their backs — a tower of fire rolled upwards and the two young skins clambered away as friends poured beers on them laughing. One reached for his zipper to douse the flame, its glare blackening the sky and coloring the bricks orange.

A wide freight doorway stood open. They walked through and inside and the boyish skinhead rolled the metal door shut after them. They stood in the dark. Someone coughed — in the dim corners of the vast room more skinheads were standing guard. The place smelled like concrete dust and sweaty socks. The crumbling, uneven floor poked at Gordy’s thin Converse soles.
Dim overhead lights clicked on, illuminating the middle of the room where a few cheap tables stood clustered together. There sat Hugo Harper alone at one of the tables, peering at them, the harsh light obscuring his eyes inside their deep sockets. Like this his face looked bloated, as if stung by a rare insect.
Wayne strutted over and faced Harper. Harper stood. The nylon of their flight jackets shined in the light. Wayne flung out an arm in his impression of a fascist salute. It looked more like he had a wasp up his sleeve. 
Harper gave a lazy salute. “Evening,” he said in English. 
“Best remember to have respect, comrade,” Wayne said as Jesse.
“Comrade? Right. I see.” Harper walked over to face Gordy, and the boyish skinhead moved behind Gordy. “Arms out,” Hugo said. 
Gordy looked to Tad, who nodded. Gordy put his arms out. Harper patted him down and felt the thirty-eight shoved into his Levis. He removed it, scowled at it, smelled it and making a face, held it by its butt with two fingers. He handed it off to boyish skinhead. “Can’t have any weapons in here.” 
Gordy had expected a tirade, a slap, something. He couldn’t help feeling a little relieved. It was good to get the gun out of his pants. It was pinching down there. If only the thing didn’t have the bullets in it. 
They patted down Tad and Wayne. Meanwhile, Gordy’s eyes were adjusting to the far reaches of the room. At the left end stood a plywood bar. Germanic daggers and helmets dangled above and corny beer steins lined the shelves behind. One giant stein read “Budweiser, King of Beers.” At the right end were two pool tables. On the side wall beyond Harper hung a Nazi war flag.
Harper smiled at Gordy. “Like that flag, Fordham? The swastika ones are illegal here, you know. So they are extra costly.” 
“I want to see Jane. How do we know she’s okay?”
“She’s okay. Have a seat.”
Gordy and Tad sat one table removed from Harper and Wayne stood behind them, keeping an eye on boyish skinhead. 
“And you must be Tad Parkerfield. It’s a pleasure,” Harper said in German. 
“Naturally I can’t say the same.” 
“Of course not. How could you?” Harper rubbed his hands together. “So then. You have the ransom? Let’s do this —” 
“No!” Wayne swaggered over and stood at the edge of Harper’s table. He stuck his chin out, his eyes wild and his shaven head beading with sweat, gleaming in the light. The image reminded Gordy, uncomfortably, of Marlon Brando in Apocalypse Now — more freaky than fearsome, like the crazy guy on the bus who’s sitting behind you and proclaiming that the window lever is in point of fact a microphone. 
Harper stared back. He showed teeth.
“You lived in America, that right?” Wayne said.
Harper straightened, sat up. “Yes, but how did you — who are you, by the way?”
“You lived in America, and you don’t know me?”
Harper glanced at Tad and Gordy. “No,” he said. 
Wayne snickered. “You live in America and discover our movement and we give you a guiding force in your life and yet you don’t know who the heck I am? Well, Hugo Harper, son of one Barney Harper, I will tell you who the heck I am.” The accent was worsening, but it didn’t seem to matter. It only increased Harper’s bewilderment. He looked around the room, as if someone should be speaking up. “We have been many movements in America,” Wayne went on. “This way the authorities think we are many, when we are really only one. Same deal here, boyo. We’ve been around for many, long, long years ... And I have been, in so many different lives. Goes way back. Saved many a man’s soul and faith. I was ‘round when Jesus Christ …” Wayne went on and on, about having his moments of doubt and pain, about making sure that Pontius Pilate washed his hands, and then he claimed to have lived in St. Petersburg where, needing a change, he killed the czar and his ministers. Then he was riding in a tank! He was a general when the blitzkrieg raged … And on and on. His delivery resonated. It wasn’t bad. Unfortunately, he was reciting lyrics from the Rolling Stones’ “Sympathy for the Devil.” Gordy winced. He saw Tad shrink up. Wayne paused to breathe, grimacing with pride. “So. We are now, and have always been, behind you and your fractured so-called movement here and we are dang sure determined to bring it back to its rightful status. And this is how you repay us?”
Harper’s face had loosened. His lower lip hung. He looked at Gordy and Tad again. “And those two?”
“Comrades. Infiltrators. Agitators. Not all can wear the glorious shaven skull.” Wayne paused, to massage his head. “No, some must work from within the system. They are our agents. Indispensable heroes to the cause, you can bet your ass on that.”
“And just what is the cause?” Harper said. “I’m still confused here.”
Whispers and scattered giggles could be heard from the dim fringes of the room. Likely bored with the English, the guards were chatting. 
“Silence!” Wayne shrieked and peered at the silhouettes in the dark, “Silence now!” He stomped a boot. 
A couple swallows, and throats clearing, and the guards clammed up. 
Wayne hovered over Harper, the steam pulsing out his mouth. “Who are we? Who are we, Comrade Harper? We are the, the ... United, White ...Vikings Party, of the Creator.” He’d adlibbed the United part, and the Creator bit at the end. He topped this off with another wild salute. 
“Is that so?” Harper said in German. 
“Ja wohl, Guter Kamerad.” 
“He’s right,” Gordy blurted. “Definitely,” said Tad. The logic had gone like this — if Harper was so naive he thought any American could score five thousand Deutschmarks on a whim, why wouldn’t he believe that Wayne was a top skinhead leader from America? 
“Perhaps you can guess my name,” Wayne went on. “But what’s puzzling you, I see, is the nature of my game.” He slapped at the table. “First off, you will respect my authority.”
Harper wiped Wayne’s spittle from his eyebrows. “Okay. Suppose I do?”
“Not supposing. Now. You will release our good agents’ woman so they can continue their fine efforts and, with any luck, propagate with her the breeding of, uh, er, our good Viking Aryan race. Right.” Wayne shot a silly wink at Gordy.
“Ah. And the money?”
“Get none. It belongs to the movement. Our movement. Our common potluck.” Wayne cupped his hands together, as if cradling a tiny kitten. “You see? It would be plundering from your own wee piggy bank. And this I will not tolerate,” he said, his voice raising again. 
Harper set both his hands on the table. Swallowed. “So, let me get this straight — I, as an unknowing East German representative of the — what was it again?”
“Vikings,” Wayne said. “United. White Party.”
“Of the Creator,” Gordy added.
“UWVPC, for short,” Tad muttered. 
“So, I am to release Jane Auermann and take none of your money and let you go and have a nice drive back to Munich?” 
Wayne nodded. “Good. Yes. This will demonstrate your loyalty.” He slapped the table again. “And then? We make it right for you. Get your movement here back on track. Back home we have many funds to help you —”
Harper’s face had tightened up as if his mouth was full of dry cake he could not swallow. His mouth shot open, releasing not dry cake but wild laughter. His head flung back. He hooted, he wheezed, he held his stomach and struggled to catch his breath. “Ah, ah. If what this boob says is true, comrades, then why come all this way to Bumfuckberg, East Germany? Ah what a hoot, this boob.” He busted up again. 
“I said, you will respect my authority,” Wayne repeated, but he didn’t bother yelling it this time. He looked to boyish skinhead. Boyish skinhead gave him a smile and a little shrug. He might have bought Wayne’s line, it seemed. 
“A good try, really. What’s your name? Please,” Harper said to Wayne. 
“Name? Name!” Wayne marched off around the room, stalling. 
“Please,” Harper said.
Wayne’s arms had gone slack at his sides. He stopped at the table. “Jesse.” 
“Sit, Jesse, please.” 
“All right.” Wayne sat, his hands limp in his lap. He exhaled and seemed to lose many pounds in volume. Performance over. Spent. 
“That’s it?” Gordy blurted. “All you got? Big street performer? Mister commando?”
“Sorry,” Wayne whispered.
Tad showed Gordy a sad smile. It had been worth a shot, but the shot missed. 
Gordy rose to his feet. “This is bullshit. This is about Jane. Where is she?”
“Here. She’s here.” Harper looked to Tad. “You have the money?”
Tad nodded. “I told you on the phone we did. You told us Jane was okay.”
“All right, all right then.” Harper waved toward the pool tables, where one of his junior guards stood. “Bring her in.” 
The guard opened a door beyond the pool tables. A man entered wearing a wool driving cap and long dark stadium parka. As he walked over he removed the cap to reveal a glossy balding head with a ring of black hair above the ears. He pulled off the parka. Underneath was a pink, blue and green sweat suit of crinkle nylon. His slight neck showed two gold chains and a tan that looked more like his face had been basted for hours with hot cooking oil. He pushed up his sleeves and a chunky gold watch flashed. He did all this on the way over. 
The man watched only Harper, as if the rest of them did not exist yet. He smiled. 
Harper was not smiling. He had stood, and eyed the man as if he was a diseased wild hyena let into the room. “Evening, Vladi. Didn’t know you were here. I had called for Jane — Ms. Auermann.”
The man called Vladi did not answer. He sat. His black eyebrows had been groomed thin to match his delicate narrow eyes, nose, and mouth. Gordy thought he looked like a salamander. He blew smoke out his nose. “Good evening,” he said in a German thickly accented with something Slavic. They nodded. A stocky goon with a blonde flat top and a double-breasted business suit was now standing at the pool tables. Gordy imagined him a former Soviet hockey player. Vladi nodded to him, and he went out the door. 
The boyish one had stepped back, his hands clawed at his sides. Apparently this was not the way he’d expected it to go down either. Which all made Gordy rethink how nice it had been to lose the thirty-eight. Harper had passed the gun to the boyish one, but where was it now? 
The door opened. The goon had Jane, who was blindfolded. He walked her over holding her arms behind her back. 

TWENTY-FOUR

Gordy and Tad stood. Jane was wearing the same leather jacket and jeans. Her hair had an oily sheen. The blindfold was a blue and white soccer scarf, which the goon removed and handed to her, and she looked around, blinking and glaring at Vladi, and then at Harper, who stood. Her eyes lit up at the sight of Gordy and Tad.
“All right?” Gordy said and started toward her, but Vladi made a creepy growl from deep in his throat that could only mean come any further and see what happens.
“Yes, I’m okay,” she said. 
The goon passed her to Vladi, who positioned her behind Harper’s chair. 
“Make me wear a blindfold?” she snapped at Harper in German. Harper, eyes lowered, had his hand out to take the scarf, but Jane wrapped it around her neck for warmth. “And then — and then! — I must spend hours on end with this baboon here.” Meaning Vladi. “Cold. Not even any water. How is this possible?”
“You gave your word she’d be well taken care of,” Tad said to Harper. 
“She was, she is.” Harper, scowling, pulled Jane down to the chair next to him. As Gordy and Tad sat, Jane got off a wink at Gordy. 
“What is this, Vladi, she hasn’t eaten?” Harper said. 
Vladi rolled his eyes. “Whoever said she’s had no food?” he honked in German. “She had a nice goulash, and a fresh cucumber salad, yes. The wine, a light Rhine variety. Though she got no water, that much is true.” He shrugged at Jane. “Is that not right, Fräulein Auermann?”
“It’s Frau Auermann. I’m a woman. I’m no one’s girl.” 
Harper, stewing, shook his head. 
“I’d like to know who this Vladi person is, and why,” Gordy said. 
Harper sighed, ignoring Gordy. Jane nudged Harper in the ribs. “Fine,” Harper said, looking to Vladi. “That fine?”
Vladi nodded, stroking a thin eyebrow. “But keep it vague and preferably in German.” 
“My Russian comrade here has been a mentor,” Harper said. “We met in the East. He was still in the Red Army then. Nowadays he’s what you might call a freelancer, and a damn successful one at that.” He rubbed his thumb and index finger together — the international symbol for lots of money. 
Vladi, snickering, produced a glossy black pack of John Player Specials. Tad groaned under his breath. Gordy, meanwhile, focused on Tad’s thirty-eight. Harper had passed it to the boyish skinhead, but then? Had boyish one got it back to Harper? It was possible. Wayne had been making quite a scene for a while there. But Harper and boyish one’s bulky flight jackets gave nothing away. It was like a shell game, but at least there were only two shells.
Jane had nudged Harper again. She ranted in English: “That is all that matters to you? The money. Now I see why your Russian daddy man here asks me so many questions. He does not wish to be duped over.” 
“In German,” Vladi said, “this is all I ask.” 
Jane continued: “No, but you don’t figure on that, do you? But you see it now, don’t you? He’s fixing to dupe you over, you blockhead.” She flung the scarf back over her shoulder and crossed her arms at her chest. Gordy beamed at her. Amazing how she could command a situation, even when it was her own kidnapping’s ransom handoff. 
Vladi was waving his cigarette hand, which produced thick billows of smoke like a shot-up fighter plane plummeting to earth. “Please. People. Clearly, you must not understand,” he said in German. “There is indeed a greater purpose behind what I seek.” 
“So go on,” Wayne blurted. He sat up, shifting his dentures in his mouth.
“I try in English, yes?” Vladi paused to French-inhale his cigarette. “The Cold War is over. And State Communism is dead, yes, but in its dead, corpse, body cavity are growing, thriving, the stronger new — how do you say? — creatures that will also move on to consume, yes, the heart of kind old Capitalism as you and I know it.” The corners of his mouth curled. He placed a hand to his heart. “Gentlemen, that is I.”
“Maggot. You’re a maggot.” Tad struck a match to another Marlboro.
“A what? What do you say?” Vladi dismissed Tad with cold black eyes on Gordy. “The modern, international corporation is the stepping stone to a New Way, yes — toward a new styling of Twenty-first century Corporatism, if you will. With the right partnerships, mergers, acquisitions, the future — the near future, yes — holds a grand window of opportunity. Soon the international corporation can take away government control — take it away altogether, I tell you. And then dictate this control much better.” 
“You keep saying ‘yes,’” Gordy grumbled.
Vladi ignored Gordy by wagging a finger at Tad. “You: you think your President Bush would make war over this tiny Kuwait if no precious multinational interests are there? Take away the oil and the petrochemical economy what does one have? A threatened Democracy? Nonsense, gentlemen. You have sand and sand niggers — as our Herr Harper calls them — and no multinational interests. Yes? If Palestine only had such interests, she too would be the cherished and well-defended cradle of the Middle East. Yes. Israel be then damned. This is not conspiracy theory. It is the realpolitik.” As Vladi spoke he waved his cigarette hand ever faster and broader, so that the downed-fighter effect gave way to the intense and blinding smoke of a three-county California wildfire. It smelled like it, too. 
“Mafia, more like,” Tad said. “I assume that’s what you are, Russian Mafia?” 
Gordy was back to his shell game. The gun had to be in boyish one’s jacket. But how to get at it? And what to do with it? The thing only had two bullets in it. The other bullets were still in Gordy’s pocket, entangled in the Saran wrap. 
Harper and Jane, meanwhile, sniped and barked at each other.
Vladi went on. “Mafia, multinationals — what’s the difference when there’s no more government to obey, and no government to obey you. Let’s do away with the so-called social contract. This is the way. A corporation has no constitution. And who needs it. Yes? That’s what the people are saying. Give us instead entertainment, and many, many consumables, and this utopia they call small government. Lower taxes and they are a happy people.”
Tad sniffed. “Walt Disney, Rupert Murdoch — two sides of the same coin. That’s nothing new.” 
“It’s true, I tell you.” Vladi smirked. “This is your fucking American Century come to roast. Your 1990s and onward. It’s unstoppable. At the same time the media, owned by the corporation, becomes meeker. It’s brilliant, yes. I really do not think the Catholic or Orthodox Churches could have done better.”
“The illusion of freedom?” Jane said. 
“Indeed. An opiate, if you will,” Vladi said. 
“We finished with this?” Harper said. “Lecture over? It’s time to do the deal.”
Wayne had a hand up. Vladi pointed to him. “Hi. Name’s Wayne. Wayne Shelley. How ya going? Sir, do you mean to say that, er, those old Fascist blokes were wrong? Hitler and Himmler and all the rest?” Wayne’s accent had reverted to his native Australian. No one seemed to notice. 
“Good. Yes.” Vladi tapped his cigarette at the back of a chair. “As was Comrade Stalin. Compromising and nationalistic, they settle for a seizure of power within the state. But to keep the revolution within national borders is wrong, wrong, wrong.”
Tad laughed. “Nationalism’s cropping up all over. Yugoslavia’s a powder keg. It’s just like before World War I. Look at your own Russia. Look no further than these silly neo-Nazis you got here.” He laughed at Harper. “Call yourself a Führer? You’re the biggest fool of them all. Scratch that — you’re the biggest tool. Janie’s right. He’s using you, this Vladi guy. You need to stand up.” 
Harper’s eyes had lowered as Tad spoke. He stared at a knot on the table.
“Nonsense,” Vladi began.
The lights flickered. A sound like dueling chain saws and a machine gun roared from out in the courtyard — a band had started playing outside. Inside, they would practically have to shout now. It was a perfect opportunity for Harper to steer things back on track, but he didn’t. “One moment, please?” he said to Vladi, who nodded, and bobbing his head to the music Harper strode over to the plywood bar, where boyish one joined him. They seemed to have a heated discussion. Arms waved. But the gun? It was too dim to see. 
Jane beamed and nodded at Gordy, as if to say, everything’s going to be okay. Tad scratched at his cheek, deep in thought. Wayne had moved on to the other side of Vladi, turned a chair around and sat, his bony hands hanging over the chair back. Vladi lit him a JPS and they continued the discussion. Vladi announced to the room:
“My friend Mr. Shelley shows genuine interest, a smart man to be sure, and I am a great teacher. So. I suggest we all relax, calm ourselves, take a break, yes?”
Harper returned with a bottle of Jim Beam and glasses. He set them on Tad and Gordy’s table, brought Jane over and set her down next to Gordy. Harper then sat between the two tables. Jane and Gordy hugged, kissed, rubbed at each other’s shoulders. This was all with Vladi’s blessing — as Wayne peppered him with questions he nodded and waved them on. 
Harper held out a lighter for Tad. It was a chromed Zippo knock-off with a racecar speeding across a background of Confederate stars and bars. “God Bless Richard Petty,” it read. He filled the glasses with the whisky, which, they soon discovered, could not have been Jim Beam but rather something like tainted homemade rum colored with caramel. Gordy set his glass down half full and licked the gunk off his lips.
The music outside droned on. Vladi, Gordy could barely hear, was telling Wayne in full baritone about a top-secret government technology project that Vladi, in his strange English, called the “Information Superhighway.” 
Harper downed one lame whisky and half of another. 
Jane was watching him. “Hugo, let’s pick up where we left off — before your baboon mentor Vladi interrupted us,” she said, speaking English and low enough that Vladi couldn’t hear. “What do you say?” Harper looked around, nodded. “Good. So then, where were we?”
Harper took a long sip. “America. And me.”
“Yes. You said they laughed at you there. And the Wessis? Did they laugh at you?” Wessis were the West Germans — a smart, rich and lucky people, somewhat like Americans but not as smiley. 
Harper snorted. He switched to German. “Laugh? Sure, yes, but it was more like fear, embarrassment. Say you piss your pants on the bus and have to walk home — you can laugh later, but it’s not really a joke.” He held a fist to his thigh. “To them I’m still a no-good Ossi. A freak.” Ossis meant East Germans, who were like Germans from the 1950s but with more garish clothing of inferior quality.
“I see.” Jane held a smile. “And yet, you have it far better than most Ossis. Uli over there” — she pointed at boyish one — “told me his dad was a plant foreman, but now, since the changes, he’s a janitor and a drunk. I can see a skinhead made from that, and I may even respect Uli for it. For getting mad. But you? A Nazi in you? Still? How? You had a way out.”
Tad set down his cigarette. “You’re what we call a ‘legacy.’ There’s always a way for you. You just got to find it.”
Harper snorted again. 
Jane again: “You simply must realize that you’re far more normal than you can admit. You are no more a neo-Nazi than Gordy is. Than Tad is.” 
Harper glanced at them. “My dad was a US Army sergeant, right? So how can he see what I see in the West. Bloated corrupt government, the economic inequality, the rich pigs who have it all yet squeeze out even more, and more.” 
“You mean they get all the women,” Gordy said. Why not lighten the mood? 
“There’s that, too,” Harper said, taking Gordy seriously. “But I also see that the international Jews are pulling the strings on the modern state. Vladi is dead wrong here. Controlled by the Jew, the modern state strives for one-world government. And it must be overcome.”
Fighting a sigh, Jane shook her head. “Overcome by whom? I’m not following.”
Harper turned to show them a fraying patch low on the back of his jacket. Two black rifles formed a cross on a red background and crude white letters read, “Kentucky Citizens Militia.” He smiled. “The people. By the people. For the people.” 
“Ah, thanks for clearing it up for me,” Tad said. 
“Yes, many look to Kentucky for the solution to their problems,” Gordy added. 
Harper waved a hand in Gordy’s face. “I know what you’re thinking — Hitler killed the Jews. Well, I can tell you now, and for the record, that the Führer never knew about any so-called Final Solution. Never ordered any of it. There’s no concrete proof. No document. Any killing was Himmler’s doing. He was an opportunist, that Himmler. So the death camps story remains just that.”
“Unless, it could be proved otherwise — once and for all. Wouldn’t that be right?” Gordy said. “What I mean is, what if someone can prove it?” 
“Come on, Harper. You know what’s in the archive,” Tad added. 
“That’s what this is really about, isn’t it?” Gordy said. 
Jane was shaking her head at them. 
“What? What archive?” Harper said. “You’re trying to confuse me —”
“Hah. Come clean. You wanted to guard it,” Tad continued, “because you knew it could, in time, refute everything you believe in.”
Harper, shoulders back, was staring at Tad as if Tad had just removed his own head, set it on the table, and poured whisky down his neck. “What archive? What are talking about?”
The bloated pain in Gordy’s stomach came raging back. Hugo Harper and his gang might really not know about the archive, he realized. It could all have been a nasty coincidence. And yet Harper had pursued Sloane, and then Gordy. So for what?
Jane’s eyes had bulged at Tad. Tad’s mouth screwed up shut, and his brow thickened with recognition. “No, they’re the ones who are confused,” Jane said to Harper. She touched Harper’s hand again, and cradled it with both of hers. She looked into his eyes. 
“You set up all this, didn’t you? This concert. To show off to Vladi, show you’re a big man like him.”
Harper said nothing.
“Hügochen, do you know what I see?”
“No. I don’t care. What?”
“I see an orphan. A bamboozled and lonely little fellow who needs a family. And I think you feel too much to lead a bunch of idiot skinheads.”
Bamboozled? Interesting word choice for a foreigner, and yet it seemed to be working. Harper’s eyes had welled up, and he rocked back and forth. 
Over at the other table, it sounded like Wayne and Vladi were discussing caviar, and how to match them to the right crackers and the different styles of Russian salads. Wayne was stalling well, though it wasn’t clear if he meant to be. He probably really did love Russian salads. Tad and Gordy exchanged alert glances. The longer this all went on without the money lost, the better.
“Do you ever think about your mother? Gerlinde, was it?” Jane said to Hugo. “I bet you miss her.” 
Gordy was piecing things together. He and Tad shared a softer glance. Tad saw it, too — Jane had a greater connection to all this. But how? The only way to find out was take it as far as Gordy dared. 
“Answer me,” Jane was demanding.
Harper nodded. He placed a hand on Jane’s thigh. She stared at it as if a rabid drooling bat had just landed there, but she let it stay. “I don’t take naps,” Harper said, “because I will wake up thinking about her.”
“I know. It’s okay —”
Outside the band thrashed faster and louder, so loud that a jetliner with one bad engine could have screeched yards overhead and not disturbed them. 
“It’s not okay!” Harper shouted. “You’re all Besserwisser, all of you.” 
Gordy winced at that. A Besserwisser was as bad as a wannabe; it mean know-it-all, upstart, poseur even. 
“Us?” Tad gasped. “Then what does that make you?”
Harper stomped a foot and pulled away from Jane. Sweat rolled down his forehead, which had turned shiny like a wax. “An imposter,” he muttered to himself, “Betrayer ...” He stood. “Hey Vladi, you talk a good one but there’s one thing missing,” he yelled. “The hate. Where is the hate?”
 Vladi’s thin eyebrows lifted. He stood. “Please?” Boyish one had moved in closer, and Vladi’s goon was back at the pool tables. 
“You need a scapegoat, correct? We Germans had the Jew once, but we didn’t leave you many of those to share, did we? Did we?”
Vladi banged at the table. “That’s enough,” he shouted, “I’ve had it with you. Lesson over.” He looked to Tad and Gordy. “The ransom. Now. We will do this now.”
“No, it’s my ransom. I did all the work. Me!” Harper slapped at his chest.
Boyish one inched closer. The goon did the same. Wayne’s head jerked back and forth, sizing them up. 
“He’s losing it, yes,” Vladi said, pointing to his temple. “I’m in charge. We will do this now.”
“Let’s just get it done,” Tad muttered. He began to rise. 
Gordy shot up. “No. We can’t. We can’t do it. We don’t have the money.”
“What?” Harper said.
“We what?” Tad said. 
Jane and Wayne stared, frozen. 
“Go on,” Vladi said. 
“Just look at us. Me. How could we get together five thousand? Tad’s family has disowned him, more or less, and me, well, I’m really just a community college dropout. I’m no Fulbright. No historian. No scholar. Which means I have no Fulbright account in the bank. My apartment’s not even mine. I’m a squatter, basically. A loser. Totally lame and fucked.”
Gordy didn’t necessarily agree with the “lame” part, but this required the full effect. He’d said it in German, so it was clear to all. He was careful not to look at Jane. He kept his eyes on Vladi. He held up his hands, and then let them slap at his hips.
“Is this true?” Vladi said, the goon now at his side. 
“Of course,” Tad said, clearing his throat. “Coming here was our only hope. And Wayne over there, our trump. Our ruse. But now look at him.”
Wayne stared holding a John Player Special straight up. 
“Is this true?” Vladi said to Wayne.
Wayne tried a smile but his dentures clattered. “Well, er, it is true I’m an actor. But I’m also a juggler ...” Tad glared at him. “Okay, you got me. Us. It’s true. But I hope this does not affect our new and unique friendship, Mr. Vladi —”
Vladi made the deep growl sound, which shut Wayne up. Vladi glared at Harper. 
Gordy was still standing. “I don’t even have airfare to get home,” he went on, getting it all out. “I’m screwed. I’ve faked documents. Lied. My name’s not even Fordham — it’s Ford. An imposter. A trickster.” He dared a glance at Jane. To his surprise she was smiling, her head resting to one side. 
Vladi pushed Harper down to a chair and stood over him. “This is what you want? Common thievery? You tell me you have much to offer, yes. Five thousand?” He kicked at Harper’s chair. “You told me five hundred thousand. At least it could have been dollars. You! Where is the glory? I see none. All I see is this sad lot, and a rock concert for teens.” He muttered something in Russian. He spat at Harper’s feet, muttered some more, and paced around the room. “And do not tell me this five thousand is some sort of first payment, because I won’t believe it. No, I don’t buy you.”
No one spoke. Harper glowered up at Vladi, his chest heaving.
Vladi came over and faced Gordy. “I admire your courage on this day, trickster,” he said, adding a smile. “And yours too,” he said to Jane and Tad. 
“Oh. Well, thanks,” Gordy stammered. 
But the fake tan had drained from Vladi’s face and his cheeks went hard. He marched over and grasped Harper hard by the shoulder. “Here’s what you are going to do,” he shouted. “You are going to release all three of them. As soon as I am clear of here, that is. And I will know if you don’t. I will know quite quickly. Yes? And then, I never want to see you again.”
“Okay,” Harper said to the ground nodding. “Okay. I’ll make it good.”
“Splendid.” Vladi released his grip. He bowed to Jane, Gordy, and Tad. “On behalf of my former comrade, I do apologize.” He turned to leave.
Wayne, grinning, held out a hand for Vladi to shake. Vladi tugged on Wayne’s fingers as he passed. Then, he and his goon strolled out beyond the pool tables and left the building. 
Gordy was still standing. He could jump the boyish one, if it came to that. 
Harper had not moved. He poured himself a shot. He downed it, and then he paced the room. The concert droned on outside. 
“Well, that was fun,” Tad quipped. 
Harper spun back around. He had the thirty-eight. He aimed it. He was sneering, grimacing, giggling. He had a clear shot at anyone in the room. All arms went up, even boyish skinhead’s. Gordy lowered himself into his chair. “Any you boys along the walls tries a thing, I go apeshit,” Harper sputtered in German. 
“Understood,” someone said. “Yes, sir,” said another. “No problem from us.”
“Now. Give me the money,” Harper said to Tad. “I know you have it. I can tell you’re no imposter. You might be the only one here who’s not.”
Tad stared, his hands up still. “You know, Uli,” he said, his eyes shifting over to the boyish one, “that piece has got no bullets in it. I should know. Because it’s mine.”
“Tad shut up,” Gordy snapped. 
“Oh, yeah?” Harper aimed at the ceiling and shot, but the hammer only clicked. He pulled the trigger again. A shot burst out. They ducked. Splinters twirled and dust floated down, twinkling in the light. 
Only one bullet left. But only Gordy — and Harper, maybe — could know it. Otherwise Uli, the boyish skinhead, would have made his move. So let Harper make his, Gordy decided. Harper studied Gordy, as if he was reading Gordy’s thoughts.
“You win,” Tad said. He lowered a hand, drew the Deutsche Bank envelope from his jacket, and set it on the table. 
“Get it,” Harper barked at Jane. “Good. Now show me.”
Jane opened the envelope to show Harper the bills inside. Harper snatched the envelope, stuffed it under an arm, and stepped back. 
“I’m the one who has to tell Vladi,” Uli said, his hands up. “This means you’re out for good, you know. Never coming back.”
“I know. Believe me, I know.” Leering, his mouth hanging open, Harper gave a mock Hitler salute and backed away past the pool tables. He kicked the door open with a heel and, peering out to make sure Vladi’s Mercedes was gone, disappeared into the night. 
Gordy lowered his hands. Jane rushed over and hugged him. Wayne staggered over to hug Tad, but Tad blew smoke in Wayne’s face. 
“There a phone?” Jane said. “Has to be some police left around here.”
“No. You’ll do nothing,” Uli said. He had moved to the edge of the table, which he grasped at, his knuckles white. “Please. I’m in charge here. I was Deputy Führer, and that makes me Führer now, so I’ll take care of it.”
“If the police find out, he’ll never get to be Führer,” Tad said. 
“He can have it,” Gordy said. 
“Grow himself a bleeding Hitler mustache for all I care,” Wayne added.
“Well. As long as it helps us get back faster. I just want my sofa.” Jane was hanging off Gordy like a teenage groupie. She kissed him. Her breath was warm and spicy and sweet, just like a nice Rhine wine. 
“Nice job, Gord,” Tad said. 
“Thanks.”
The band had stopped outside. Someone was banging on the large rolling door. They heard laughing. 
“Go away,” Uli yelled. “Come back later. That’s an order.” He cleared his throat, moved under the brightest overhead light, and stood tall. “So. You can use the back door, if you please. Back to the West. Forget about us. If you do it now, no one will ever have to know.” He tried to click his heels, but the rubber soles of his combat boots only thudded and kicked up dust. 

TWENTY-FIVE

As it turned out Tad had really withdrawn about six thousand Deutschmarks, one thousand of which he’d kept safe back at the Munich sublet. On their return he paid Wayne a couple hundred marks. Another few hundred went to Gordy. The rest Tad and Gordy partied on. On Tad’s last full day in Munich, after Jane, tearing up, had said her goodbyes and promised to write, he and Gordy closed the Mathäser Bier-Stadt with five big beers apiece. Gordy, tanked, invited the oompa band to join their table, where Tad made copious toasts to Viv, to Janie, and at least one each to Uli, and to Vladi, and to loony Wayne Shelley, of course. 
The next morning Tad had a seven a.m. InterCity train to Frankfurt and a fifteen-hour, three-stop flight to Portland. At 6 a.m., he was choking down coffee and Nutella on stale bread one last time in the sublet. The sun was coming up, the clouds purple. 
Gordy had crawled out of bed, somehow, his tongue feeling as if it had been dipped in a boiling solution of used motor oil and turpentine. His head doing even worse. Moaning, drooling, he opened the closet and gathered into a folder all the original archive documents they had stolen — all the known so-called Gwen Letters, in which Adolf Hitler, in correspondence with a man who might just be his lover, confesses to many of his many crimes in a most blatant and revealing manner. Tad’s duffel bag sat in the middle of the floor. Gordy opened it and slid the folder of archive documents inside. Tad watched from the corduroy chair, frozen, his coffee mug halfway to his mouth. 
Gordy zipped the bag shut, gave it a pat, and mustered the energy to smile. “There. I’m done with it. I lied to get it, and I’ll only have to lie to get back out of it once I screw it up. It’s much better with you. You have the drive, the interest, the talent for it. Jane agreed. So go for it. My head.” His head throbbed and he stumbled for the bed. 
“I don’t know what to say.”
“Don’t say anything. Finish your crappy coffee. This, it will give you something to go back to, something to pursue, much better than whatever the Queer Party gang had in store for you. So you have to.”
“It’s Queer Power. I still don’t know what to say.”
“It’s not like I can return it. The archive can’t know it was stashed there in the first place, obviously, so how could I stroll into there with the stuff and face Herr Archivrat? No way, man. He’d probably think they were fakes I was trying to pass off on him. Look. It’s about issues you know. And history you have a passion for. Right? Right. Besides, with your pedigree, you shouldn’t have any problem getting into a university. If you want that. Or, you could do it on your own. Put together a book proposal. But, just so you know — I haven’t told Jane we stole the original documents. I might someday, but not yet.”
Tad zipped an imaginary zipper at his lips. “Safe with me. Do I have to use the code name?”
“Gwen Letters? God, no. Please.” 
Tad drank the rest of his coffee and frowned at Gordy with red eyes and pinched mouth as if the coffee had been really hot, but Gordy knew it was lukewarm at best. Tad’s chin had scrunched up. He rubbed at it. He looked out the balcony glass. He opened his mouth once, but his voice broke. He started over: “Researching something like this, it will bring me right back here, you know. Provided I find a way to do it. Because the rest of this, more of these letters, they must be somewhere over here. Stashed somewhere. With someone. For background research there’s the Berlin Document Center, and the Institute of Contemporary History right here in Munich. Possibly even a few old ex-Nazis to look up. Lots of times, when you introduce something like this into the historical dialogue? Others come forward with even more secrets.”
“See. You already know what you’re doing.”
“Hardly. What are you going to do?”
“Sleep. Lose this freaking hangover. I do have my beer hall guide to finish. Got notes on them all now. Jane said she’d help whenever I want. She might even know of a publisher over here. It will be good, Tad. My kind of deal. The thing is, it doesn’t make me feel like an imposter.”
“That’s good. And Gwen? What about her?”
“Gwen,” Gordy said, as if sounding out the rarest of words in some unpronounceable Arabic language. “That I don’t know.”
They shared a long, tired sigh. Tad went into the washing cell one last time, and then he picked up his backpack and duffel. Gordy carried the suit bag. Panting, sweating, his head pounding, he walked Tad down to the subway. The platform was dim and empty and good Alpine wind managed to blow through even though they were at least a story underground. They faced each other, dropping the bags.
“Drink some water. You look like shit,” Tad said. 
“Okay. You too.” Gordy moved in for a hug. Tad pulled back, adding: 
“And, oh yeah, I just wanted to say, you got a good thing going with Janie. She’s no Gwen. So promise me you won’t screw it up.”
“Okay. I won’t. Promise.”
“And let me know what you find out. I have to know.”
“Of course.”
“And let me know how the beer hall book’s going. I might have connections back home, eventually. I think it’s cool, Gord. Good luck.” 
Gordy nodded, okay. 
The train was pulling up. The doors whooshed open. They threw the bags inside. In one fluid string of motion Tad hugged Gordy and then jumped on the train and found a seat as the train pulled away. Tad had not looked back. Gordy waved anyway. Subway train windows, he knew, showed lots of reflections. 

The truth about Jane had already started to form in Gordy’s head during the drive back from Görlitz. Too tired to celebrate, they had spent the night in another East German town, Bitternitz. In the morning the town had looked charming — at first glance. Red rooftops, church with Gothic spire, old city wall, winding cobblestone lanes. Up close, though, the state of the place was decidedly un-German — Un-West German, in any case. The plaster, beams, bricks and cobblestones were dulled by sooty grime so elementary it seemed to fill every crack and pockmark, seam and seal, as if the natives washed their good town with the sooty grime instead of washing the crap off. Gordy had suggested, only half joking, that the grime was the result of a failed Socialist Five-Year Plan for recycling dirt. As they drove out of town they saw, and smelled, the real reason why — east of poor Bitternitz stood more of those industrial smokestacks they’d passed on the way in. Their black smoke dimmed the rising sun. Tad coughed. Jane pressed her scarf to her mouth. And Wayne shut up, for a good three minutes.
They crossed back into Bavaria, West Germany. It was pelting hail and yet Wayne was flying them down the autobahn, doing his best to stay in the left lane of Porsches, BMWs, Mercedes, and the occasional US GI’s muscle car. Wayne was boasting that he was going to find his way to Russia some day. “Never mind your Wild West,” he was saying. “Our mate Vladi’s on the new frontier, I reckon.” In the front passenger seat Tad endured Wayne by nipping from a bottle of grain schnapps they’d bought in Bitternitz. Jane was sleeping next to Gordy in back. Gordy turned to her, to spoon her, but she nudged him in the ribs — just like he had seen her do to Hugo Harper, as he recalled. He thought about this, staring ahead. Up front, Tad was telling Wayne that he was so repulsive he made the Elephant Man look sexy. Wayne nodded along, finding this reasonable enough. Their windshield wipers labored and squeaked, again, and again, and again. How long could they go, Gordy wondered, if you never turned them off? 
He nudged Jane. She moaned. He nudged her again. 
“What is it?” she said.
“Hügochen,” Gordy said. “You called Harper that. ‘Little Hugo.’ Back there. As if you’d known him a long time. Plus, you knew his mother’s name.”
“What? Ah.” Jane forced a chuckle and pushed back some bangs from near her eyes, although they were hardly in the way. “This guy, Hugo, he is practically like an American, you know? He wants to tell you his life story.”
She still had the blue-and-white soccer scarf on. The team was 1860 Munich. Gordy touched it. “Then there’s that scarf. Your blindfold. He gave you that to keep warm.” 
“Yes. Because I made him.” Jane had lost the chuckle. 
“So, he must have bought it when he was in Munich, I’m guessing. While he was watching us. Sloane. And you.”
“Mm. Yes, it must have happened like that,” Jane said, and then she stared at the road ahead. And Gordy left it, for now. He didn’t want her mad. He just wanted to get at the truth, eventually. It was like being in the archive, but better.

After Tad left Gordy and Jane continued on in Munich, where, being in Catholic Bavaria, the state bureaus and businesses, shops and beer halls were shutting down for the week between Christmas and the New Year. The weather stayed bitter cold and windy, and the snow lining the sidewalks froze in dirty, jagged clumps. Gordy and Jane had lots of time together, for once. On Christmas Day they strolled Old Town and watched a service along with the crowd of holiday tourists at the back of the Frauenkirche cathedral. During the procession the Archbishop stopped to bless a baby, but the chubby little pink thing wailed so loud not even the organ player, gnashing his teeth, could drown it out. Gordy had been hoping to appreciate the somberness of a Catholic service. He’d marveled at the Archbishop’s embroidered costume and high peaked headpiece. Yet the ceremony lumbered on and on, and like proper tourists he and Jane left well before it ended.
As they walked north from Old Town, they stopped chatting. They walked with careful steps. They were passing the street for the archive. Jane kept her head down, her hands rammed deep in her pockets. But the archive would not go away. It might as well have been a five hundred-story Aztec temple rising up from the street before them. 
“So, this whole thing really wasn’t about the archive at all. It was about you, and him,” Gordy said.
Jane walked a few more steps, tiptoeing over chunks of ice. “Yes. He’s a freak. A stalker. Keeps coming back into my life. I think he’s finally out of it now, don’t you?” 
“Yes. I’m okay with all this, by the way. I just want you to know I’m going to have to figure it out.” 
“I know. I thought you would be.” 
She was letting him in. He breathed easier, for a time. But on the subway the gargantuan Aztec temple had transformed itself into a hairy, boil-ridden, thousand-ton wild hog sitting right across from them. A fearful silence seized them. 
“I want you to know something. This history, with Hugo, it doesn’t diminish the importance of what we — you — have found in the archive,” Jane said. 
“I know. That’s why I decided to give it with the respect it deserves.” Though Gordy hadn’t told Jane they’d stolen the original documents, he wondered how much it mattered for the future. Jane was even less anxious than Gordy to go back in there. The bookstore was far more important to her, she’d told him.
The train stopped. A crowd rushed in, hunting empty seats and grabbing at poles and handles. One group looked like skinheads at first glance but turned out to be sick teens who’d lost their hair, doing some sort of sick teens’ outing. Another group was American students. They spoke with the lilting and articulate voices of the ivory-tower privileged. These were probably Munich’s real Fulbrighters, Gordy thought. 
“You knew all along I wasn’t a Fulbrighter,” he said to Jane. 
“No. That part, I was not so sure about. I imagined many Americans earn awards they’re not qualified for, by simply — how do you say? — standing in the right place in the right time. So you could have been. There are so many of you, and so many awards in your land. But the rest of it? The expertness? I doubted that, yes. From the beginning.” The train passed into gray daylight and right back into a tunnel, the tracks clicking. Jane placed a hand on Gordy’s knee, and patted it. “But, at least you were able to admit that in the end.” 
New Year’s came and went. Midnight caught them down an Old Town alley searching for a party they never found. It was only then that Gordy realized Jane had few friends here. She must have wanted it that way. They headed out among the crowds of revelers who spilled out of the pubs and beer halls and onto the freezing Marienplatz, surrounding themselves on the main square with screaming rosy-cheeked Brits, chanting Turks, bewildered East Germans, and bouncing, bleach-blonde Florida sorority girls. They kissed. “This is fun,” Gordy began to say at the same time Jane said, “Silly here. Wish we should’ve stayed home.” They kissed again, to kill the awkward moment. 
This brand of awkwardness was new. Before, with their real lives and pasts guarded, it had been simpler. More superficial. It went like this ... Yes, Jane was older than Gordy, but she was also hotter and a good deal smarter, if such things could be scientifically measured. He was one of those dorky guys you see with hot smart women and wonder how. Taken by itself, such a relationship could be sustained. It required, he guessed, regular sex of a sufficient quality, a good deal of money, and heavy doses of humor. But now, with their true selves revealed? It was about their personalities and how they fit together day in, day out. This next stage would take far more work. The problem was, Gordy was still learning. He’d never even held a job for long. And yet, he only wanted to be with Jane in Munich. With Tad gone the sublet seemed smaller even though it had lost one occupant. And the pigeons grew rowdy without Tad. They squawked and thumped at the glass and shat on the balcony as if demanding his return — or at least the return of his corpse, so they could feast on that (being the rats-with-wings bastards they were). 
On New Year’s Day Gordy and Jane lay on Jane’s red leather sofa, at either end of it, their feet and legs intertwined. Gordy, a note pad on his lap, was working on his beer hall book. Jane was reading one of those French or Danish philosophers that are taught in top American universities but, Gordy imagined, are misunderstood even by the poor grad student teaching the class. Jane kept glancing at him. He let her. 
She put the book down. She pressed a toenail into the side of his knee. “Hey. You. Do you know why I hate being called honey?” 
Gordy shook his head. By now, he had guessed why. He lowered his note pad.
“Hugo called me that. Always. He did it with an American accent. It was affektiert. It drove me nuts. He was showing off.”
“Affected. Like pretentious. That sucks.” 
Jane sat up. She faced the window, so that Gordy had to watch the back of her head. “So. You want to know the whole story. I will tell you now. I knew Hugo about ten years ago. I did not know how to tell you this, because of the rest of it.”
“The rest of it. You mean the kidnapping and the ransom and all that.”
“No. You see, I used to be a skinhead girl.”
Gordy made a slight flinch, as if Jane had flicked water drops onto his cheeks. He faked a giggle. “I don’t believe you.” 
“I would show a photo if I hadn’t discarded all of them. I was one of those girls you saw in Görlitz, with their boyfriends in that horrible band.” She had drawn her shoulders together, as if freezing, even though the radiator was on high and creaking. “I had all the magazines, with their endless shitty fight poems, ads for SS patches, bad drawings of strong men in Germanic helmets. We, I, listened to bootleg tapes of Oi bands — ‘Fascho bands,’ they called them. Names like Skrewdriver, Volkszorn, Blut und Ehre, but sounding all the same.”
“Like chain saws. I don’t believe it. So, this was before Harper went to America.”
“Yes. Same time. Before and after. He kept haunting me. Showing up. Meanwhile, I had changed my life. Fully. I had a small little inheritance — from a grandfather who was a former Nazi, of all things. Well, this storefront in Schwabing came with it. I moved to Munich. Worked. Wanted to enter university, but it’s too hard to change your track of life here. I changed it on my own.”
“It’s still hard to believe. I mean, look at you. You could have been any kind of badass. A revolutionary radical — Red Army Faction bank robber assassin, now there’s a badass. So why white supremacists? They’re, I’m sorry, but they’re bush-league.”
“I don’t understand this bush-league word, but I get you and your meaning. You must understand, my parents were blue collar Berliners. We had little. We were probably worse off than many Ossis over the wall.”
“I don’t hear a Berlin accent — I was thinking you were upper class.”
“No, you wouldn’t hear it. Thanks. In any case, I sympathized with outsiders. But, first, I had already been down many roads that lead to shit. First, it was the disco time. This meant cocaine. Then, punk rock. Speed. Heroin. I burned up a lot of bridges behind me. But I hadn’t burned any bridges with the neo-Nazis. It was a whole new scene. I could start over. And yet before you know it, the starting-over turns into everything you were hoping to avoid. Although, I don’t think I really believed in any of it any more than Hugo.”
“That’s good to hear. And Ray Sloane?”
“The bookstore. He came in a hurry; he needed help with his research. Knew no one. He was pathetic really, how bad at it he was. But he didn’t realize it. That’s ego for you, I imagine.” Jane held up her hands, and turned to Gordy. He had expected tears. She was grinning. “There, I did it. The whole life story. American-style.” 
Later, in the bedroom, Jane had Gordy leave all the lights on. On her back, and up high on her arms, discolorations and stretches shined in the light, as if from burns. Gordy didn’t speculate. This always got him into trouble. She said: 
“‘Dermabrasion,’ it is called in English. A form of tattoo removal, Gordy. The skin is sanded to remove the surface and middle layers. Do not tell me you did not feel something before.” 
Gordy had suspected aging skin, or far too much time in the sun on the Canary Islands or wherever all those Europeans went to get leathery brown. Now he imagined full color Wagnerian tattoos of skeleton soldiers wearing Germanic helmets and brandishing bloody swords, and another of Jane and Hugo making love atop a snowy mountain wrapped up in a swastika flag and attended by cherubs with Hitler mustaches. This all made his stomach pinch with nausea and a little jealousy. “I guess, I just didn’t think anything of it,” he said.
“The nice answer. You’re kind. I was a junkie, and a skinhead girl, and I was also a thief, did you know that? I’m hiding that, too. I hide it all. You did not hide — not back there in front of Hugo and Vladi and the rest.”
Gordy shrugged. “You’re smarter than I am.” 
Jane laughed. She paused, until her smile had faded. “You still miss her, don’t you? Your Gwen girl. Give me that. Do not hide now.”
“I don’t know yet. Honestly. She will be coming, and I don’t know what I’m going to do. So, I guess I’ll need to find that out.”

TWENTY-SIX

January 11, 1991. Another morning in Munich. Gordy was reading the International Herald Tribune in his corduroy chair. “Bush Defends Gulf Buildup: ‘Not About Oil,’” read the headline. Each time Gordy read about the rapidly changing post-Cold War world, he wondered if the Russian named Vladi would turn up in these headlines one day as some revolutionary leader or businessman. Or would it be Hugo Harper, kick-started by the five thousand Deutschmarks he’d indirectly pinched from those rabid agitators called Queer Power? More likely was that Hugo and, yes, even Vladi really were the small-time degenerates that Vladi’s cheap sweat suit and Hugo’s paranoid world-view betrayed them to be. And, given that, then what did that make Gordy? How to make good on what little he’d gained here? 
The phone rang, saving him. He dropped the paper. “Hello? Tad?” 
He heard a giggle, a little rolling one, and then her naughty voice. “Okay, heh, last Twin Peaks I saw, this was before Christmas, Agent Cooper was being investigated by the FBI guy — that Afro-American from the Mod Squad, oh, you would know him.”
“‘Link’ — Clarence Williams the Third. Hello, Gwen.”
Jane rose from the bed, only a few feet away. She gave Gordy a sympathetic shrug and lay on her back, staring at the ceiling. 
“I knew you would know, you’re so smart,” Gwen said. The connection was clear and vibrant, as if Gwen was no further than Jane over on the bed. Gordy could make out that little whir that rose from Gwen’s throat when she talked sweet. As if she was whispering in Gordy’s ear.  
Jane yawned. She went into the washing cell and shut the door.
“Where are you? It sounds like you’re calling from next door.”
“I am, kinda.” More giggles, then a gasp. “Because I’m in Amsterdam.”
“Holland?”
“Yee-es. You believe it? Flew in two days ago. I wanted to tell you all about me coming in the last phone call but you were so —”
“I was preoccupied. I know.” 
A gush and a squeal sounded from the washing cell — Jane had flushed the toilet and was cranking up the shower. 
“Gwen, what are you doing over here?” 
“Doing? Well, it’s my pad isn’t it? Silly. I was waiting for the right flight. So here I am. Surprise, huh?” She added a shrill laugh, like a cockney whore in a bad Jack-the-Ripper movie. “Huh? Gordy?”
“That’s great. You made it. That is so great. Excellent. Surprise.” Thus ensued a nervous laugh Gordy tried to disguise as genuine excitement by slapping his knee and gasping and heehawing, all which made him sound like a sea otter choking down a rather large and bony sea bass. 
“What is it? Something wrong with the sublet? Tell me now if there is.”
“No. Well, there are these pigeons. They hate me.”
 “Poor baby,” Gwen said, making her pouty voice. “Po-or bab-y. You’re probably biting your nails like crazy. So alone there. I know what I’m going to do. I’m going get my Eurail stamped and come right away.”
“Right away?” Gordy slapped his knee. 
“Yes, sirree. And we’ll travel together too.”
“Travel?” 
“What, you don’t want me to? You don’t want me to.” More silence. “Is he still there? It’s that Tad Parkerfield, isn’t it?”
“Tad’s gone. It’s just that Munich’s cold still, and you don’t like the cold. What if you get cold? And there’s snow on the ground —” 
“That’s it — you need me, I can tell. I can take a night train tonight and be there early in the morning. You can meet me on the platform.”
Gordy’s thoughts scrambled. Reason blurred. He couldn’t do it; it would only bring disaster, which he probably deserved. He had to; it was his obligation, part of the deal. He was weakening. If he only had a beer. But it was still morning.
“Of course,” he said. 
“Purr-fect. I have a schedule right here. Says, let’s see, Munich, Ankunft, six a.m. Ankunft, does that mean ‘arrival’?” Yet another giggle.
“Yes. Sounds like you’re doing okay for your first time.” 
“Oh, but there’s so very much to learn here, isn’t there? I’ll be tired, honey, but I can’t wait. Oh, just gives me the shivers to see you. I know — before you go show me all of Munich we could go back to our place, if it’s really so cold like you say ...”
Our place, she had said. Gwen in the morning in Munich, Bavaria. The lusty thoughts formed now. Gordy fought the thoughts. He squeezed his eyes shut till the blackness gave way to orange rings and white dots under his eyelids. He tried to think of those nappy diseased pigeons. And yet Gwen’s face and curves followed him there, he hadn’t seen them in so long, soft and comforting and luring him in — 
He heard a clank and a gush — Jane shutting off the shower.
“Gordy, you there? Oh, you do need me there, don’t you?” 
Gordy said nothing. He kept squeezing. Fearing the pigeons.
“You’re lonely aren’t you? You do want me, don’t you?”
His eyes popped open. Words spilled out. “No, I’m not. Can’t you tell what’s going on? There is someone else, and she’s not a guy either — or a freak for that matter. She’s older and she’s putting up with my crap.”
A long silence. Gordy waited it out. Gwen made a tisk-tisk sound. “Gordy, Gord. That’s okay. There has always been others, but I’m the only one. You know that, silly. So, I’ll see you on the platform, we’ll sort it out when I get there, I gotta go, I’m in a phone booth, oh no, it’s beeping, time’s running out —” 
“Wait, no. Gwen wait.”
She had hung up. 
Gordy heard shuffling in the washing cell. Jane was drying off. He stared at the pigeons on the balcony and they stared back, waiting for him not to be there so they could go to sleep and dream of Tad or scraps of stale white bread or whatever they dreamed of.
He expected Jane to be in her towel — the pink one she kept there — but she was naked. He watched her from the corduroy chair. Her hair slicked back, her freckles diluted by her scrubbed pink skin. The pink towel was bunched up under an arm, and she tossed it on the bed. She pulled on her baggy Levis, tee shirt and V-neck sweater, and then sat on the bed, her forearms pressed between her legs.
“Look, you must not say a thing,” she said. “I’m the one in the way. So I won’t be here. I’ll be at my flat.” 
Gordy climbed on the bed, took the towel and rubbed at her slick wet hair. He took his time. Held her face. Massaged her temples.
“That’s nice,” she said.
“The first day I met you, you smelled like this,” he said.
“Good. There, lower, back of my neck.”
Gordy stopped rubbing. He pulled her around and held her soft, warm shoulders. “Let’s go. Today. Me and you.”
Jane gave him a long, hard stare. She pushed him away. 
“I’m serious,” Gordy said. “I’m already half-packed. I could be done in a half hour. Tad gave me enough to get me started, and I do have a couple traveler’s checks left. Just the two of us. Gwen, she can have this crappy furniture.”
Jane was clenching her teeth.
“It’s all right to smile,” Gordy said. “Come on.”
“And you think this is fair to Gwen? — who just happens to be in Amsterdam —”
“Screw Gwen. It’s always been about Gwen.” Gordy snatched the note pad on the desk and wrote in tall letters:

Gwen,
I’m sorry you’ll be on your own here. I’m gone, as you might have guessed. It’s over. I’m sorry, but I tried to tell you. This was the only way I could make you — and me — understand. 
All the best, 
Gordy

“I’ll just get this, and the keys, to Wayne down in Old Town. He’ll get it to her for me.” 
Jane was shaking her head, but her clenched teeth gave way to a smile. She tugged at Gordy’s earlobe and pulled him to her. 
“You’re a cruel one,” she whispered. “Aren’t you?”
Gordy kissed her hair, her forehead. “Cruel how? I’m doing Gwen a favor.” He kissed her eyes, a cheek, and her chin but she stopped him with two fingers over his lips.
She grasped his crotch. “You ever try something like this to me, young man, and I’ll cut off this little thing.”
“I wouldn’t dare.” Gordy shot up and, slapping his hands together, completed his packing. Jane watched him. Since he was a guy, packing his backpack was a simple matter of wet and gooey toiletries going into slots and pouches, clean jeans and sweatshirts rolled up and crammed into the main compartment, and the dirtiest, dampest laundry stuffed into the bottom pocket. Jane had no comment, although he was sure she didn’t approve of his method. When finished he joined her on the bed and they sat staring out the glass, at the looming BMW sign. She gathered his hands in hers and set them in her lap. 
“You’re not going to come along, are you?” Gordy said.
“You know I’m not. I can get Gwen her keys and to here, if Wayne can’t. It doesn’t bother me.”
“Thanks. Can I call you from the road, if I get lonely?” 
“If you do not, Gordon, you will never be able to come back.”
Gordy scribbled, erased, rewrote, read:
To the casual traveler, life in Munich could be described as a series of festivals, in which swilling quality beer — with malt, barley, hops and water only — appears to be the means and the absolute end. In February comes Fasching, Catholic Bavaria’s equivalent to Mardi Gras, while March brings on the so-called Strong Beer Time, when the proud breweries pour their potent, late winter bock beers. Then there’s the Spring Festival, a scaled-down, old-school version of Oktoberfest, and with June the famed beer garden season returns. September’s absurd, though inevitable Oktoberfest sustains you for a time, until the festivals cease and the winds and the rains send even the hardiest locals behind the beer halls’ thick walls to wallow within a haze of communal cigarette smoke and steady suds. And all seems lost without a festival. Yet even as the days grow darker, such seemingly inactive in-between times will reveal themselves as grander and more enlightening than all the year’s bright Feste put together. For beer lovers, every day in Munich can be a day in a wonderland ...
He was editing this, the introduction of his beer hall guide to Munich, on a train heading east into Czechoslovakia, deep into that region once better known as Bohemia. The train had passed rolling green hills and dark forests and that birthplace of fine beer, Pilsen. He lay his note pad down, gave it a break. The International Herald Tribune on his lap appeared to have more of the same news. One top headline read: “Hussein’s Revolutionary Guards Will Prove Decisive in a Prolonged Campaign.” Buried pages inside, however, was this brief story: 

GÖRLITZ, Germany (AP) — As a shocking omen of the tensions surrounding German Re-Unification, a band of skinheads calling themselves the White Vikings launched a two-day reign of terror in this historic and impoverished East German town until bewildered police mounted a crackdown.
Tuesday night, the roughly twenty-five White Vikings besieged an asylum-seekers dormitory — formerly a Red Army barracks — with rocks and Molotov cocktails. Two Angolan immigrants were severely injured and an elderly Romanian paralyzed. Five women and three children of various nationalities were hospitalized with injuries.
The White Vikings also attempted to plunder a new Coca Cola warehouse, but police defended the target in full force and riot formation with paddy wagons and water cannons obtained from a de-commissioned East German Army depot. 
“We consider this warehouse attack a wake-up call,” said Police Chief Helmut Hahn.
The group’s self-proclaimed Führer, Uli Krieger, was arrested. In an arraignment today, the group — and its name — is expected to be outlawed by one of Eastern Germany’s newly re-formed state courts. 
Locals were aghast, though not unsympathetic.
“It’s horrible. These young men show no respect,” said Gottfried Quex, a retired schoolteacher. “But when you have nothing, you feel you have nothing to lose.”

Gordy shook his head and closed the paper. He hadn’t considered that Uli Krieger would be the one making news. Crazy, wacky world going down. But it could wait. For now, he was simply looking forward to Prague. Few Westerners had been there. He had been getting a fine introduction from the young Czech man next to him, who had on a floppy velvet top hat, bushy sideburns swooped back to cover his ears, and army fatigues died pink, looking to Gordy like some sort of hip intellectual from 1979 trying to predict what a hip intellectual would wear in the year 1999. The Czech man had already explained, after Gordy revealed he was writing a book about beer and the Czech had, inexplicably, lectured Gordy on the importance of the slapstick comedian Rip Taylor as well as a singer named Tom Waits to American culture, that in the Czechoslovakian beer halls the server brings you beer not every time you order a beer, but every time you finish a beer. They just keep bringing it to you, so you must tell them when to stop. The Czech slapped his hands together and grinned. “It sounds nice,” Gordy said, and he meant that. The place had to rival Munich, if not beat it. Though, of course, Jane was not there. 
The Czech added that in Prague Gordy could find a fine typewriter at an excellent price, or possibly even a word processor. Having warmed up to the Czech, and contemplating a pilsner-soaked Prague tour, Gordy thought of telling the Czech about Uli Krieger and Hugo Harper and all the rest of it. It would be one hell of a story that could last over many beers served without prompting. But he didn’t, in the end. He had decided there were simply some things he could keep to himself now. Even if they were true. 



www.stephenfanderson.com
Twitter
Goodreads
Facebook
Join the mailing list

Also by Steve Anderson
Liberated: A Novel of Germany, 1945
Under False Flags: A Novel
The Losing Role
Double-Edged Sword 
Sitting Ducks

About the Author
Besserwisser (The Know-It-Alls) is Steve Anderson’s sole attempt at a humor novel. Anderson is the author of Liberated: A Novel of Germany, 1945, Under False Flags: A Novel and The Losing Role among other works. Anderson was a Fulbright Fellow in Munich, Germany, and is also a literary translator of German. He lives in Portland, Oregon.

