
So Good to See You!

Venla Mäkelä



Copyright 2013 by Venla Mäkelä



Smashwords Edition


For Harry



Chapter 1

Tuesday morning, May 11, I arrived at Penn Station at 8:30. I hopped in the subway and in about twenty minutes I was at an office building on Greene Street. I’m an interpreter and work more or less for the same companies; the meetings are mostly held in the same few places, in offices in the Lower Manhattan business district or in big hotels with conference rooms and auditoriums.
I had no time to stop at my apartment so I just carried my small suitcase with me. I’m very good at packing lightly and I have perfected a kind of a uniform; a light-colored shirt, gray or navy pants, a blazer or a trench or a cardigan depending on the weather and the type of meeting. I had been living like that, traveling back and forth every week, for about a year now, since Matt and I bought an old farmhouse in Downingtown, Chester County, Pennsylvania. I usually took the early train to the city on Monday morning and returned Thursday afternoon.
The meeting with an elevator company and a Chinese manufacturer took all day and it was already getting dark when I got out. There’s a Whole Foods on East Houston Street, and I went in to get something for dinner, and that’s when it happened. I remember I was holding a tomato when I saw her, a short round woman kissing a younger man by the deli cheese section. I think I recognized her immediately, those coppery curls, though the scene threw me off — the couple was so mismatched. She was wearing a gold-embroidered overcoat and large earrings, and he was dressed like a pop band guitar player. The woman glanced around, then stole another kiss from the guy and giggled, and then I knew for sure. It was Marissa, my old friend from high school.
I moved to another aisle. I still don’t know why. Perhaps because they were cocooned in this bubble of intimacy that made me feel like a Peeping Tom, or perhaps because I was tired and didn't feel like going through those polite how-have-you-been-all-these-years phrases and all that. And then I convinced myself it wasn’t really Marissa anyway. We had not even been friends, really; she was the type to copy your homework and borrow your pencil and your eraser and not even thank you, completely entitled and narcissistic. 
I picked up a small pack of toilet paper and turned — and she was standing right in front of me.
“Emily? Emily Miller?” she said, her eyes squinting. She still had wild hair. Her stout body was squeezed into tight clothing, and glimmering jewelry cascaded down the full curves. “You look just the same as always!” she shrieked. “Just the same!” 
“Well, I thought… I mean, I saw you, but I thought… Marissa… er…?” Her last name escaped me, then popped into my head: Mullins. On school roll call her name always came right after mine, often followed by silence.
Marissa spread her arms and grinned. “Brand, my surname is Brand nowadays!” Round and happy, she was the type that stays "delicious" for a long time like a maraschino cherry lolling in heavy syrup. Her cheeks were plump and rosy and her small eyes very impressive with tons of mascara. She stepped forward and hugged me tight. The roll of toilet paper flattened in between our bodies. A few inches taller than her, I bent like a reed in her grip.
“So good to see you!” Marissa said. “Oh, this is great!”
“Yeah, how funny —” 
Marissa stepped away to take a better look at me. “So how are you, what are you doing? What — how long is it since we saw each other?”
“I can't remember… in high school?” I said. I had a feeling she had not been there at the graduation, but I couldn’t remember why.
“Oh my God, over twenty years ago!” Marissa said.
“Yeah —”
“Oh my God, how old are we?” she asked, frowning.
“Thirty-seven?” I said, because we were.
“Shh, don't say it aloud!” she said, tittering. “Don't say it aloud or it's true!”
I laughed. “Well —”
“Oh you’re so funny!” she said, clutching my arm and giggling as if I had just cracked a fantastic joke. She glanced over her shoulder at her companion who had remained discreetly at the end of the aisle. “There's Justin. Justin, come over here, come —” Marissa said, scooping air with her stubby arm.
The young man walked up to us. He had a gentle fresh face, his thick hair shaved on the sides. His eyes made me think of retrievers.
“Justin, meet my old school mate Emily. Emily, Justin,” Marissa said.
We nodded a hello and shook hands, Justin flicking hair out of his eyes. After the greeting he retreated and glanced at Marissa. “If I go get the wine now… we should get going…”
“Oh that's right! We should!” Marissa said, glancing at her gold and diamond wristwatch. She turned to me. “We should get going!” She whirled back to Justin. “Get a good one — a good strong red. I'll see you by the doors! Five minutes! Five!”
Justin nodded at her, nodded a goodbye to me too and turned to go. Suddenly Marissa spurted after him. “Justin — Justin —” She pressed into his palm the silver-foil-wrapped chunk of cheese she had been holding all this time. “Pay for the cheese too, would you?”
Justin nodded, took the cheese and walked away. Marissa returned to me, grabbed my shoulders and shook me hard. “So, how are you! Tell me everything!”
“Uh…” I said, “Well, everything's great. I was just here to — I'm just spending a few nights in the city, I have a small place, I'm just working here. We live in a small town in Pennsylvania.”
“Oh really? Who's ‘we’? Are you married?”
“No, my boyfriend — I mean my partner, Matt. It's so silly to call him a ‘boyfriend’ at this age —”
“Show me photos, you must have photos!”
“Of Matt?” I said. I never really took photos. Matt took all the photos, mostly of buildings and signs and artwork. When I took photos they were always blurry or focused on the background, or had a random person walking through. “Oh… yeah, some in my phone maybe,” I said.
“So let's see, let’s see!”
I dug into my purse. Marissa took my shopping basket. 
“Thanks,” I said, and just for I moment I thought she's going to steal my tomato, and that's when I should have walked out. But instead I found my phone and went through the photos and showed Marissa a few: Matt in a museum coffee shop; Matt in the yard, smiling, one rubber boot braced on a spade, ready to dig dirt. “We were at an exhibition opening… and in this one he's outside in our garden,” I explained. “Or it’s just a yard, not a garden. We are trying to —”
“Handsome!” Marissa said. “Good looking guy! Tall!”
I smiled and put the phone away. “Yeah, he's… handsome. And quite tall.”
She handed back my basket. “What's the deal with the spade?”
“We have this old house. He was planting carrots and stuff,” I said. “We had just bought the house and were sort of excited.”
We had actually got a few carrots last summer, but they had been wooden and oddly gnarled, like something cursed. 
“A farmhouse?”
“Just a house,” I said. “Matt wanted to — we both wanted to buy it. It's just this old house.”
“Well lucky girl! Countryside? I'm so jealous!” 
“Yeah, it’s pretty nice,” I said. “Downingtown. Very peaceful. Do you have family? Kids?” 
“Uh-hum, two. Two boys. They're both in high school already!”
“Oh?” I was quite stunned. Few of our friends had children so far. People were not even getting married any more.
“Yeah, imagine. Imagine that!” Marissa said. “The older one graduates next month.”
I congratulated her, imagining a herd of stout and ginger-haired mini-Marissas, only male.
“Do you live here too?” I asked. “I mean, do you live here? Since we don't.” I had now confused even myself. “Except I do, sometimes, like I said.”
She glanced at her watch. “Yeah, listen, I need to get going, but I'd love to take you out to lunch.”
“That would be nice.”
“Tomorrow?”
“…Tomorrow?” I repeated.
“Yeah, or is tomorrow not good?”
“No, no, it's okay. I have a break from twelve thirty to two. I work nearby all this week.”
“Excellent. How about that small Indian restaurant, just up there on Second Avenue? What is it called again?” she said, furiously pointing the direction with her thumb.
“I think I know it,” I said.
“Great, I'll see you there! Quarter to one?”
“All right,” I said.
Funny little dimples formed on her upper cheeks just under the eyes when she smiled. She squeezed my arm hard. “So good to see you. Tomorrow!”
“Good to see you too,” I said. “Tomorrow. Bye.”
And she left, walking with brisk little steps, her coat flapping like Batman’s cape. She had always moved fast. She had not changed one bit.

My studio apartment, on the Upper West Side on the West 74th Street, near West End Avenue in a pre-war building, was quite bare but I liked it that way. It was very sunny with a beamed ceiling and honey-colored wood floors, and the view was nice: some of the buildings opposite my seventh-floor windows were low and you could even see a glimpse of the Hudson River. There was room enough for a sofa, an armchair and a coffee table, and there was an alcove for the bed. The bathroom was big with a tub, and there was a small closet in the hall. I had decorated the place with a few souvenir statuettes and framed posters. A pop art portrait of Mao hung on the wall, but it was a gift from Matt. I had lived in Beijing and Hong Kong for three years in my late twenties, but I was not a collector and had hauled back only smaller things, like cups and slippers and soap dishes.
When I was out of college and started my first real job, my parents suggested I buy an apartment instead of renting one. I had gotten a small inheritance from my grandmother and managed to save enough for a down payment. Golden advice: in twelve years the price of the apartment had nearly tripled. The years I lived abroad I had simply rented it out. I paid over three hundred dollars in maintenance fees but in New York City that was still pretty low. There was no doorman, but the super lived in the building.
I sat by my laptop, eating crackers and jam for dinner. The fun part in the days I spent alone was that there was no need to worry about anybody else’s meals. I could eat a bag of liquorice for dinner if I wanted. A Skype connection opened and I saw Matt by his laptop at our house. The room behind him was dim and his face appeared to be floating, illuminated by the computer screen.
“Hi honey, how's it going?” I said.
“Hi. Not bad, except there was a huge thunderstorm,” he said.
“Oh no, again?”
Matt picked up the laptop and walked from room to room in the dark house. The picture was shaky. He stopped in the kitchen. “The freezer is dead,” he said. “Fried by the lightning.”
There are thousands of thunderstorms on Earth each day. At least half of them seemed to happen right above our house in Pennsylvania. I was really scared of thunder; I just couldn’t help it — that ripping sound as if the sky had been torn in half, and the way the whole house shook like it was bombed made my skin tingle in a weird and awful way. I would have crawled under the bed during each storm had I not been more afraid of looking totally pathetic in Matt’s eyes. My fear irritated him, so I did my best to hide it.
Matt set the laptop back on the kitchen table and moved to the old fridge-freezer that had come with the house, opened the door to show the empty dark interior. “I took the jams and ice cream and everything to the neighbors’ giant family,” he said.
“To the Harpers?”
“Yeah. Their kids attacked the loot like hawks.” 
I laughed. The Harpers, who lived in a red brick ranch house about a hundred yards from our place, had five kids, all strong and outdoorsy. We could see them play baseball or put up teepees or build tree houses; their energy level was astonishing. By the end of the day their yard was littered with bright-colored toys and sports equipment and bikes. At sunset the kids collected every item and carried them onto the porch.
“The rest of the food I think we can just try to eat quickly,” Matt said. “There's tilapia. Two bags of egg rolls.”
“Maybe you’ll cook us a dinner tomorrow,” I said.
“Yeah,” he said, moving to the wall. “The electricity is out too.” He flicked the switch on. Nothing happened. “Everything's is dark.”
“Oh no,” I said, secretly glad I had not been there during the storm.
“Otherwise everything's okay,” Matt said and sat back down.
“You know, a funny thing happened today,” I said. “I ran into an old —”
“Hold on.” Matt turned away, alerted by something. He glanced at me. “The electrician is here.”
“They come this late?”
“I'll call you later,” he said. “Or tomorrow morning.”
“Okay. And I'll be there by the seven o'clock train,” I said.
Matt smiled. “Okay. Good night, sweetie.”
“Bye. Good night. Love you.”
“Love you too.” He turned off the Skype and disappeared from my screen.


Chapter 2

The meeting next day broke for lunch around noon. A company was exporting body scanning technology to China, and while I didn't have to know the medical jargon it was still quite tricky to interpret and I was relieved to have a break. The best jobs are with small businesses where the meetings are personal and there's very little technical terminology. People are more relaxed when they talk about sportswear or art or shoes or patio furniture. I was already looking forward to a meeting next week with a pool design company that had a proposal to install swimming pools for five Chinese luxury cruise ships.
I found the Indian restaurant Marissa had suggested and it took me less than fifteen minutes to get there by foot. I was pretty sure she had forgotten about the lunch, but when I entered there she was, at a corner table with a glass of wine in front of her. She waved at me, metal bracelets dangling on her wrist. “Here! Emily! Here!”
She seemed very excited to see me and I was flattered. Perhaps she remembered me as someone quite bookish but also sort of funny and cool? And perhaps we had not been best friends but we might have been better friends than I remembered… I tried to recall, but all I got was an image of her standing by the gym door munching on an ice cream bar, her face turned to the sun, when all the other girls were heading to the softball field.
I sat down. Marissa asked me a thousand questions. “An interpreter? Someone speaks and you translate it at the same time?”
“Yeah. Or sometimes I —”
“What language?” she asked.
“Chinese. Sometimes French.”
“Chinese!”
I nodded.
“Chinese!” she repeated. “My God. Do you know those crisscross alphabets too?” She cut fast x-shapes in air with her index finger. “Those crazy impossible figures?”
“Yeah, pretty well,” I said.
“Oh, you're a superwoman!”
I laughed and said, “Except the Chinese themselves admit they have started to forget their letters. Everybody has computers and they —”
“I never learned any language well,” Marissa said, pulling the fabric of her shirt to air her underarms. “Well, Spanish, a little. But French, no. French — ah, it's such a sensual language, but I never learned more than merci. Non, merci. Merci. Or, mon amour.” 
A waiter brought my soda water and I thanked him.
“Merci!” Marissa said.
“You're welcome,” the waiter said, smiling. He was a young Indian man, and Marissa gave him sort of a wink, but it was ever so subtle. When the waiter was gone Marissa turned back to me and made a “quite hot in here!” face, fanning her decolletage with a cardboard coaster. 
“What do you do? Do you work?” I asked.
“Well, have you seen the commercial where the guy tosses and turns, dreadfully sleepless? And the Sandman comes and flips him off the bed and changes the mattress and immediately the guy falls asleep?”
I had indeed seen it. It was one of those local ads that sometimes suddenly pop up on a smaller channel when there's a slot after the “real” nationwide commercials.
“That's our chain!” Marissa said. “Dream Mattress! West New York, New Jersey. And Newark, and White Plains.”
“Oh?”
“I came up with the commercial!”
“Oh, wow,” I said, genuinely impressed.
“Yeah. We thought it should be groovy and fun. You know, to show that sleeping should not be agonizing.”
“Well, no,” I said.
“My first idea was that a burglar tests the bed and falls asleep only to wake up when the house owners stare at him! Like this!” She popped her eyes out. 
I laughed. “Like Goldilocks.” 
“Yeah, like Goldilocks! Never thought of that…” She lowered her voice. “Justin — the guy with me yesterday — he's my boyfriend.” She giggled, then became dead serious and looked completely disapproving. “Henry, my husband, is such an asshole. Such an asshole.”
I was a little lost and didn’t say anything. I didn’t know Henry.
“Are you guys happy?” Marissa asked.
“Yeah?”
“You sound as if you were asking me,” Marissa said.
“Yeah, I mean we are happy. I think? Or I am, and I think Matt is also,” I said.
“He's a farmer or something?”
“No, no, he's a graphic designer, and he also teaches sometimes. Right now he's designing new signs and tourist info websites and leaflets for all the cultural sights in Baltimore. They wanted everything uniform. You know, everything tied together.”
“I see.”
“He needs to be done by this fall,” I said. “He's pretty busy right now.”
“And how long have you been together?” Marissa asked.
“Four years.” Then I added, “It's a little difficult sometimes. I'm here half the week and —”
“Well, where do you think your home is?” Marissa asked.
“Here,” I said. Then I said, “I mean there! There, I mean! I can't understand why I said ‘here.’ I meant our home is there, at our house, in the country, in Pennsylvania.” I was out of breath by now.
Marissa finished her wine and waved for another one. The thin bracelets in her wrist clanked down, stopped by the roundness of her arm. The waiter stepped closer. Marissa ordered another glass and turned to me. “Want some wine?”
“No thanks, I still have to work in the afternoon.”
When the waiter was gone Marissa leaned closer to me. “Listen. You have an apartment? Here in the city?”
“Yeah. My work is so clearly here, two or three or four days a week. And it's often so late when I'm done, it makes no sense to take the train,” I said.
“Where is it?”
“On West 74th Street,” I said. 
“Listen,” Marissa said, “listen, could you consider lending — sorry, I mean renting — your apartment? On the days you're not there?”
I was completely taken aback. I immediately visualized Marissa’s rumpled underwear on the floor in the hall. I don’t know why, but I did. I said, “Er… I never thought of that before. My schedule is a bit unpredictable.”
“Justin and I, we need like a love nest,” Marissa said, tittering.
I smiled, unsure.
“Don't worry, all we do is have sex!” Marissa said, giggling more, then suddenly collapsing in despair. “He's so outrageously young! He has a roommate, can you imagine? I have an affair with a guy who has a roommate! God.”
“Is he a student?” I asked.
“No, he works for a record company. We can't understand each other's music at all! His apartment is like a dorm, a horrible little cave with godawful foam furniture. So I'd like to find a simple place. Hotels are sexy and fun for a while but then it wears off.”
I nodded, though I personally wouldn't have known. Thankfully her wine arrived, and then the food, served by a small Indian woman in a bright sari. I hoped Marissa would let the apartment issue go. But the second the woman was gone she turned back to me. “So what do you say?” she asked. “All I need is the key and then you can just let me know when it's available.”
I did not know how to refuse. I stared at the white tablecloth where the midday sun threw a pink oval shadow of her wine glass.
“I'm happy to pay for it,” she said. “Two hundred per weekend?”
Wow, that would pay all the maintenance and more. She knew she had me off balance now. I decided to say no to end the discussion quickly. “I just don't know…”
“I promise you won't notice we've been there at all,” she said, pulling bits of chicken off a skewer with her teeth. “I promise.” 


Chapter 3

That same evening the train stopped at the Downingtown station at exactly 7:20. The station was really just a stop with one platform. In the winter months its small enclosed shelter was like a frozen cardboard box. 
I hopped out of the train and walked to the parking lot. I could see Matt in the car, reading a magazine. I waved at him. Matt looked up and smiled at me. His eyes returned to the article for one more second — probably an essay on the significance of Helvetica, or something like that. Typography was his porn. He then put the magazine aside and got out of the car to help me with my bag — just a nice gesture, since my bag had two shirts and some underwear in it and weighed nearly nothing. 
When I sat down I found a small bunch of wild flowers he had picked and wrapped stylishly with a few wide blades of grass.
“Oh, how sweet. Thank you,” I said, sniffing the flowers.
“You're welcome,” Matt said. He kissed me on the cheek and started the car.

It was a twenty minute drive from the station to our house, seven miles. We stopped briefly at Acme supermarket in the town and bought stuff for dinner. When we were getting near our house we saw the Harper family bicycling along the road: in between the father and the mother all the five kids, jammed in a tight row.  
“I told them we don't want our yogurt and ice cream back,” Matt said. He had bought a new fridge and it had been delivered the same afternoon. “It was very exciting. They're marketed like something from Las Vegas. There are glimmering buttons for this and that, endless ice, and soda machines in the door. There's probably one that buys the food and cooks it, too.”
“Why didn't you get that one?”
He smiled. “I picked a simple one. For a simple life.”
We passed the Harpers and waved. I continued looking at them in the side mirror. “Oh my God, their kids have grown again. They grow every week.” 
We turned into our driveway, bumpy and overgrown with a messy carpet of grass pushing up in the middle. The branches of a wild raspberry bush screeched against the side of the car. 
“We need to cut that,” Matt said.
In front of the house there was a vaguely round area of gravel, and Matt stopped the car. Our rectangular Georgian-style house, built in the late 1800s, sat in a middle of a flat field. It was grayish white, badly faded now and needing total renovation. The yard was weedy and muddy after winter. Bright green sprouts of grass pushed through masses of dry twigs, brave little soldiers on a beaten battlefield.
Matt had fallen in love with the building after his friend, Cathy, had suggested we go see it. I never understood the charm of the house, but it had been a real bargain, or so we thought at the time, and since I had almost paid the mortgage on my city apartment it seemed like a smart investment. And Matt was great at designing spaces, he had a good eye and patience (which he normally never had with people), and his excitement had swept me along. The house had been “fixed” at some point in the sixties, and what would have been the traditional four rooms downstairs and four rooms upstairs had become a somewhat odd layout of a kitchen, a bathroom and two large rooms downstairs, and three bedrooms and another bathroom upstairs. The windows were large, which was a great plus, and I didn’t hate the house, I just didn’t love it, and those endless thunderstorms seemed to rattle the area more than any other place on earth. Our decor inside was good, solid, everyday stuff we had hunted from antique stores, with a few pieces of modern artsy furniture in the mix. Matt was extremely picky. Most of the furnishing was uncomfortable — angular and hard — but I planned to soften it all by smuggling in fabrics and plants and cushions and rugs. 
I unloaded the groceries and admired the sleek fridge. “Was it an emotional experience?” I asked Matt. “We'll probably have this fridge until we're ninety.”
He smiled and nodded. “Yeah.”

After dinner I took a shower and made some tea. With the steaming mug in my hands I walked up the narrow stairs to one of the bedrooms Matt used as an office. The stairs were very slippery, round-edged and polished to a satin finish over time, and I always feared I would trip and break my neck. I had once suggested we glue some velcro on the edges of the steps and Matt had stared at me in utter horror. “Don’t you see the old wood is like bone, beautiful and perfect?” he said. 
I could see that, sure, but I just wanted to survive the trips up or down that staircase. I compromised by wearing slip-stop slipper socks, their soles dotted with sticky, gummy bits. Unfortunately the slippers also made a weird smacking sound, so whenever I walked past Matt's office I tiptoed. I often caught myself walking tippy toe also when I was alone and I had to remind myself I owned half of the house and that I should be able to play a giant drum set if I wanted to.
Matt was at his desk. His computer was a massive complex system and he had at least three different printers for different purposes. Tons of papers and drafts and printouts of fonts lay on the desk and on the floor. I studied the designs but said nothing. He hardly ever asked anyone's opinion, especially in the early stages. I could see he was not really working any more, just tinkering with his drafts and checking out random websites. After a moment I sat down in an armchair and asked,“Do you want some tea?” 
“No, thanks,” he said. 
“Did you give your answer to the Irish?” I asked. Matt had been invited to Dublin to teach a three-day workshop the last week of May.
“Yeah, I said I'd do it,” he said. “Can you drive me to the airport on the 24th? It's Monday.”
“Sure, of course,” I said. 
“Thanks.”
I was thinking where to begin. “You know, I ran into an old classmate. Two days ago. Marissa,” I said.
“Oh.”
“Yeah, she was — she and her ‘boyfriend’ who is quite a lot younger than her… well, she herself said ‘boyfriend,’ which sounds a little funny at our age…” I stopped to think about the incident. 
Matt seemed to pay no attention to the pause.
“And we had lunch, yesterday,” I continued. “I haven't seen her since high school.”
“Hmh.”
“She was always a little ADHD, now that I think of it. She was always jittery and giggly and restless. And loud. Her style is sort of ‘glitzy fur coat lunching lady.’”
“Sounds horrible,” Matt said, repulsed.
“Except she wasn't really wearing a fur coat,” I said.
“Still, sounds worrisome.”
I laughed a little. “She's okay. But it sounds like her marriage is a little — well, a little chaotic. I don't know. We just talked about… this and that.” Matt would hate her, I just knew. A memory from high school popped into my train of thought. Once, in a biology class we were supposed to find a particular plant and Marissa just went to the nearest bar for a beer. I remember I was standing nearby with a Ziploc bag in my hands and she came out of the bar, sightly buzzed, and simply plucked up a random plant and took it to the class. The teacher said, “This is not the plant you were supposed to find, but it's a good example of a plant which originates from far away and has spread with people, a good example of a really aggressive plant.”
“She was always in a good mood,” I said, just now realizing that. Worries didn’t seem to weigh Marissa down. Divorce? So be it, and so on.
“I'd stay away from her,” Matt said.
I could not tell him I had promised to rent the apartment to Marissa. I could not tell him I had been so goddamn stupid. Confused, I babbled on, “But like I said, she was with her… whatever, lover. And apparently her husband is horrible. Just horrible. And they have two sons, fifteen or sixteen or seventeen or something, high school kids.” Then, after a moment, pretending I didn’t want to bother Matt any longer, I got up and went back downstairs. I found artisan crackers in the kitchen cupboard and ate a few of them to settle the nausea sloshing in the bottom of my stomach.


Chapter 4

We set the table, just plates, forks and knives. Matt placed a pot of spaghetti in the middle of the table for our Saturday lunch.
“Should we open the wine?” I asked.
“Sure.”
I sat down as he opened the bottle. “Want to go to an early movie?” I asked.
“No, I've got to finish this one thing,” Matt said.
Distant thunder rattled the sky. Instantly, almost before I even heard it, a cold shiver ran up my spine. We both glanced at the sky. Another crack of thunder followed. I became very alarmed.
“It won't hit the house,” Matt said, mildly irritated.
“But it just killed the freezer two days ago!” I said. “I can't help it, it freaks me out.”
“It might hit the electrical wiring but it won't hit you.”
“How do you know? What if I happen to touch an electrical device just then?”
“Well, don't touch them during a thunderstorm, read a book until it's gone. Go to the movies.”
There was no way I was going to go out in a thunderstorm! Cars are supposed to be about the safest place, but are they really? I could see myself driving the flat Pennsylvania roads, lightning bolts poking the earth around me like scorching 1,000-degree fire swords, pummeling the car roof. 
I once googled “the person most often struck by lightning” and the name Roy Sullivan popped up. He had been hit seven times, eight if you count the time the lightning hit “only” the scythe he was holding. Astrapophobia, or tonitrophobia, or keraunophobia, or brontophobia means an abnormal fear of thunder and lightning. One time when Matt was not at home, an especially hard storm hit Downingtown, and I crawled under the kitchen table and sat there curled up into a tight ball, my eyes pinched closed. I didn’t hear Matt come home and when he touched my arm I started, hitting him on the jaw.
“Jesus!” he said, holding his chin. “You know, maybe you need medication!”
“Sorry —”
“You nearly put my eye out!” he said. “It’s getting ridiculous. Get up!” he said, grabbing me. 
I fought him, but I did get up and I wanted to punch him in the face again. By then the storm was nearly over. Matt apologized, and I apologized; he apologized again and we laughed.
We now ate in silence. I stared at my plate but my ears were pricked up like a terrier's. 
“It's planet Nibiru,” Matt said, and I managed to laugh a little.
There had been an extremely loud sonic boom in Pennsylvania a few years ago, and some people were convinced it was not thunder but planet Nibiru, the invisible Earth killer, coming closer and pulling magma up through the crust.
“Planet Nibiru approaching, ready to crush you and all mankind,” Matt said with a robotic voice.
It's nearly impossible to laugh and be very scared at the same time. I relaxed a bit. One more spider leg sliced the sky, followed by thunder. I counted the seconds in my head. After sixteen the thunder sounded again, now distant. Just half a minute later a gentle summer rain swept the tangled plants in the yard and started tapping the window panes. I stared at the sky. The storm was still audible, a marching band in a faraway parade, but the clouds above our house separated, letting sun rays through. 
Matt pushed his chair back and got up. “Excuse me, need to get back to work.” He rinsed his plate and put it in the old countertop dishwasher that, like the old fridge, we had inherited with the house. It was so ancient it was like a museum piece, and washed about two forks at a time. I missed the small and efficient kitchen in my city apartment. It made me remember I still hadn't told Matt about Marissa. I straightened my spine and said, “You know what — that woman, my classmate, Marissa —” But then I stopped. I needed Matt in a very good mood to share the news.
“What?” he said, wiping his hands in the kitchen towel.
“Nothing,” I said. “Nothing.”
He kissed me on the cheek. “The storm is gone.”. 
I sipped my wine. “Hey, Matt?” I called after him as he headed upstairs.
“What?”
“Should I paint the window frames?”
“No, don't. I'm not sure about the shade we picked.”
I heard his footsteps going up on the stairs. “But it's white,” I said.
“Yeah, but I think it's a little too warm. I'll think about it.”
“You changed your mind once already!” I said.
Matt never heard the comment, or didn’t want to hear it. I didn’t bother to repeat myself. I rose, walked to the new freezer and opened the door. There was only a quart of Ben & Jerry's I had bought yesterday, nothing else.

Monday morning Matt drove me to the Downingtown station so that I could catch the 6:05 to the city. Once seated, I checked my email and calendar. It takes two and a half hours to get to Penn Station. By car it would take almost thirty-five minutes less, depending on the traffic and the time of the day, but I liked the train. I could do almost all the paperwork for the week ahead, email invoices and read newspapers and books and do some online shopping.
It was the first day of the pool design company's meetings with the cruise ship builder. Ann Motts, the pool company's representative, met me half an hour before the actual meeting. She was fifty-something, impeccably coiffed and dressed in a very cool designer suit. I don't really follow fashion and would never be able to tell Stella McCartney and Marc Jacobs apart, but I could see it was a great suit. I started to feel hideous in my white shirt and beige pants and decided to go shopping that evening. Maybe I could hire one of those department store stylists who efficiently put you together and send you on your way with dozens of bags. I then imagined how I would haul all these bags to Downingtown and how Matt would disapprove. More than a few shirts was “wasteful” to him. Only, every time he bought something it was high quality and cost at least five times more than the average rag. He was a strange mix of minimalist and collector. We once walked hours around Atlantic City looking for the exactly right kind of sandals for him. He finally found the perfect pair — eco-friendly, fair trade, comfortable, trendy — in a gift shop of a large hotel. By then he didn't need the sandals anyway since the sun was down and we were supposed to have dinner in a black tie restaurant.
Ann Motts was friendly. “Just call me Ann,” she said with a movie-star throaty voice.
We had coffee and discussed the purpose of this first meeting, which was to establish a personal relationship with the shipyard people. The deal was more or less done by the lawyers, but there was still some design fine tuning left to do, and the pools, which were actually mini water parks, would then have to be installed. There would be trips to Shanghai in the fall and over the winter.
“It would be great if you were available in late August,” Ann said.
“I will be available, absolutely,” I said. 
I got so excited. Perhaps Matt would be done with his Baltimore project and could travel with me. We could roam Asia! After a week of business in Shanghai we could continue to Hong Kong. Matt could check out the amazing architecture; I could rummage through small shops and markets and crazy, glimmering high-rise malls. We could lie on exotic beaches and sleep in earthy huts, doze by amazing pools, nap in luxury hotel rooms with pulsating city views…
The meeting with the Chinese client started well. Gifts and pleasantries were exchanged. Ann placed the pool designs, which were amazing, on easels around the room for the clients to study. There were seven people in the pool company team and twelve in the cruise ship group. After a moment we gathered at a large table and I translated via headphones when needed. The Chinese all spoke fairly good English, except the big boss, Huang Tsao, a sixty-something man who was surprisingly not embarrassed about it but asked a ton of questions and made sure he understood every detail.
During a ten-minute break I called Heidi, my best friend. She taught golf but also worked part-time in a small golf store in Chelsea. 
“I'm so excited — I might be going to Shanghai in August!” I said.
“You pig,” she said. 
I laughed. I asked if she wanted to have lunch; she said she was stuck in the store but asked if I could pop in during my lunch break. 
At noon I bought two Subway sandwiches and took a cab from Bleecker Street to Chelsea. When I entered the store, Heidi was on the phone, sorting out an order. I walked around, browsing, and picked up a thermometer that was shaped like a golf club.
Heidi put down the phone. “Do not touch anything you're not buying!” she snapped. “Especially anything breakable!” 
I laughed and walked to the counter. Heidi looked good. She could have been one of the Harper family; her style was outdoorsy, her clothes mostly sportswear. She was heavy-built but in an attractive, athletic way. Unfortunately most men looked like toothpicks next to her. I knew she had had a date on Sunday and I was curious to hear about it. She had not called me, which was a bad sign, so I didn't push it.
“I brought us sandwiches,” I said.
“Great, thanks. Starving,” Heidi said. “Had a really busy morning. Everybody's going golfing, the weather is great.”
“I know! It's fantastic.” I peeked into a wrapper. “This is yours…” I handed out her sandwich. 
“Thanks. I made some tea,” she said.
We moved into the back room where there was a kitchenette with a small folding table and two chairs. We sat down and Heidi poured tea into two mugs.
“So how was your date? Tell me everything,” I said.
She grimaced. “Uh… blah. He wanted to go to a car show and then we somehow lost each other in the crowd.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah. We finally found each other. He gave me this container of sushi and said he'd had lunch alone when he couldn't find me. He said his ‘blood sugar was alarmingly low.’”
“But at least he bought you lunch, that was considerate,” I said.
“No, it was his leftovers!” Heidi said.
I was speechless. Heidi grinned, then shrugged. But I knew she was hurt; she was always looking, always hoping, and it was so hard — like it is for nearly everyone. I said, “Sorry.”
“It's all right,” Heidi said.
I told her I had run into Marissa.
“The crazy Marissa? Who had vodka in her water bottle?” she asked, excited.
“She did?”
“Yeah, don’t you remember!”
“I don’t…”
“One time she shoplifted a Walkman from a thrift store,” Heidi said.
“What!”
“Yeah. She simply put it on and walked around, jamming to the rhythm of imaginary music. She actually bought a pin, pretending she couldn’t even hear the cashier because of the music,” Heidi said, putting her hands up to her ears as if removing invisible headphones.
“I wasn’t there,” I said.
“Well, I was, and she’s nuts. Is she still crazy?”
I paused. Then I told Heidi I had agreed to rent the apartment. Heidi stared at me in shock.
“Don’t look like that!” I said, panicky. “And don't look at me like that!”
A customer entered the store. Heidi put her half-eaten sandwich away and took her place behind the counter. I nibbled my sandwich, feeling ill.
After a few minutes Heidi handed over the customer’s shopping bags. “Thank you, you have a good day now!”
The customer left, and Heidi returned to the back room. To avoid her eyes I folded the sandwich wrapper neatly.
“Emily, I really think you should get your keys back,” she said.
“No, I think she's okay nowadays.”
“Someone who skipped half of the classes? Who once, in a middle of PE, hitchhiked to the city? I remember how crazy she was!”
“But that was then —”
“People never really change,” Heidi said.
I shrugged.
“Come on, Emily… Honestly, cancel the rental agreement or whatever you call it. Did you even sign any paper?”
“Well, no,” I said.
“And a boyfriend twenty years younger?”
“Well maybe I exaggerated —” I said, though I didn’t think I did.
“She once borrowed my hair band and wore it for a week and never returned it! I didn't know how to ask for it back,” Heidi said.
“We were kids, for God's sake,” I said.
“No we were not. We were high school seniors. We were semi-adults. Except she was a bratty five-year-old. You're way too kind! People take advantage of it.”
I sighed, regretting everything. My heart beat too fast and the sandwich was stuck somewhere behind my lungs. I gulped down the rest of my tea.
“Well, if she pays some rent at least, fine,” Heidi said. “If she pays.”
“Well —”
“Do you understand she could run a brothel in your place and you'd never know! Except when the cops come.”
By now I was absolutely horrified. I stared at her. Heidi sighed and tried to soften her tone and said, “Oh, I was just trying to come up with the worst possible thing. Don't look so shocked — sorry, I don't want to worry you.”
“But I really am worried now,” I said, feeling cold and sick.
“Her great romance will soon die and she won't need your apartment any longer,” Heidi said.

I went back to work, my thoughts glued together like a layer cake. I could picture Marissa performing a burlesque dance in the middle of the floor in my apartment, clad in tarty red satin. A bunch of sleazy guys sitting on the sofa, smoking fat cigars, tapping ash onto the floor, hollering, spilling drinks.
I realized I had interpreted the conversation without really hearing any of it. Amazing how your brain is able to process so many lines of thought at the same time! People stood up and shook hands; the meeting was over for the day. I removed my headphones and collected my papers, discussed the next meeting briefly with Ann and then left.  
The early evening buzz of the city calmed me down a bit. Eight hundred dollars extra a month — who would say no to that? Only a fool! Everything was going to be fine. Great, in fact! And the opportunity to travel made me ecstatic. It had been nearly five years since I had been to China, and at least a year and a half since I had been abroad at all. I marked my calendar; the first trip would be either the third or the last week of August. 
I got out of the subway at Columbus Circle and went to a Morton Williams where I got something for dinner and then strolled through the west side of the park. Summer evenings in the city are magical. The sun was setting, but I could feel the heat of the asphalt through the soles of my shoes. People lay on beach towels, read paperbacks, walked dogs. They sipped white wine on bistro patios and ate scoops of pastel-colored gelato. A postcard-perfect world.
Inspired by Ann's style, I popped into a few boutiques and found a great floral skirt and a new bag. I also bought a bright yellow rug for the bathroom.

At the apartment door I stopped to listen. Everything was quiet. I put the key into the lock, turned it and opened the door. I entered, stopped again for a moment, then walked around. Everything was like I had left it. Almost disappointed, I put my bags down.
I spread the new rug on the bathroom floor. I was just about to undress for a shower when something stopped me. Two new toothbrushes sat in a glass by the sink. I stared at them for a long time, mesmerized.


Chapter 5

The cruise ship meeting continued on Tuesday and seemed to go on forever. The designs showed three mini lagoon-like pools with waterfalls, and two with slides and twirly tubes. The clients wanted to add things or move things or change colors. Ann and her team remained patient. She had the same designs on a large computer screen and she moved stuff around with just a light sweep of her fingertip. I found it fascinating: there would be a small pool inside a big pool with different water temperature, and another pool with a steam room in the middle of it, like a hut on a small island. How that all would fit on a cruise ship's deck I had no idea, but then again nowadays the boats are the size of a small town. 
I once suggested a cruise to the Bahamas to Matt. 
“So you can get to know the fatties hoarding buffet food?” he said. “Drink warm beer in a plastic cup by a contaminated hot tub?”
“There might be bingo too. I know you love that,” I said.
“Why not,” Matt said then, grinning.
But instead of a cruise we booked flights to Colorado and stayed in an awesome house Matt's father, an architect, had designed in the eighties for his friend. The owners were traveling and needed someone to sit their dog. We sipped cold white wine on the terrace and, ravenous after a long hike during which we let the dog make all the decisions, ate bags of potato chips and wolfed down microwave meals, too lazy to cook, no more sophisticated than those imaginary cruise ship buffet hoarders.
“The railing has to remain for safety reasons,” I said in Chinese now. “But it can be made to look like wood or stone.”
The right look was debated for an hour. By three that afternoon everyone looked washed out. One man loosened his tie a little; another opened a water bottle, hiding a yawn, his face stretching comically. I love that I don't need to voice my opinion when I work. But I think this had also got me in a habit of not speaking my mind, even when I should have, especially when there was a larger group. 
The clients seemed  completely overwhelmed by choice. Finally Ann said, politely but bluntly enough, that any kind of fake stone or wood would just make the pool look like a tacky theme park and that a metal railing was the most elegant look for the elegant pool of an elegant ship. I had to translate and explain “tacky theme park” to Huang Tsao, which was a little bit tricky. But he laughed and said, “Disneyland,” and Ann said, “Yeah, we don't want that,” and he laughed again and shook his head and said, “No, you're right.”
During a brief break I opened my phone and checked the messages. Marissa had called. I called her back, moving away from a coffee cart that was wheeled along the corridor and into the meeting room.
“Well hello! Where have you been!” Marissa said.
“At work.”
“Was everything all right?” she asked. “In the apartment?”
“Oh yeah, yes —”
I could hear her opening a candy wrapper with her teeth.
“Good. We have our own sheets,” she said, tittering. “I put them on the top shelf in the closet.”
“Oh, okay.”
“You need a new mattress! The one you have is like a hammock!” she said, munching. “I left the two hundred in the kitchen. Did you find it?”
That moment I realized we had not determined what a “long weekend” really meant. “Yes, thanks.”
 “How about this weekend?” Marissa asked.
“Yeah, it's free. I'll be at home. In Pennsylvania, I mean. I’ll be gone Thursday afternoon.”

The rest of the week was great, I met with Heidi for drinks and even had time to see a few exhibitions at the Met. On Thursday I got off at noon and went to the apartment to pack. I took a look at two blouses in the closet, decided to leave them, picked up a small laundry bag and put it in a small suitcase. I usually did my laundry in Downingtown.
When I was washing the few cups and plates I had used, just before leaving for the 4 p.m. train, I heard a key rattle in the front door lock. I stopped. It's quite startling to have someone enter your space unannounced. The door opened and Marissa's familiar giggle echoed in the apartment. 
I walked to the door, the dish brush still in my hand. Marissa saw me and threw her hands in the air. Justin, behind her, retreated into the corridor.
“Oh! We came too early!” Marissa said. “Oh my God!” She turned to Justin, laughing. “Justin, we came too early!”
“No, I was just leaving,” I said. “It just took a bit longer today. There was a meeting, I'm sorry —” I don’t know why I said that, because it wasn’t me who was late, it was they who were early. 
“No, we are sorry!” Marissa said. She grabbed Justin’s arm. “Come!” She put a finger on her lips. “We'll be quiet like cotton balls.” She dragged Justin in. “Justin, quiet like a cotton ball!”
I couldn't quite tell if she was drunk, or high. Justin wasn’t. He looked embarrassed.
“Hi,” I said.
“Hi,” he said, smiling a little.
Marissa removed her coat, nodded at the pop-art Mao painting on the wall. “Isn't it weird how Fidel Castro just stays alive!”
“That's… Mao,” I said.
“Yeah, but my thoughts made a jump,” Marissa said and went ahead to the kitchen and clonked a bottle of white wine into the fridge. “This is for you,” she said, closing the door, “because I drank the bottle of Kahlua you had in the cupboard!”
“Oh,” I said.
“Did you notice?”
“No, I didn’t notice, and it’s all right, I don’t really like Kahlua that much anyway,” I said.
Marissa opened another bottle of red with swift movements and took a glass. “You want some wine?” she asked me.
“No, thanks, I have to catch the train,” I said, weirded out she was suddenly hosting in my apartment.
Marissa poured a large glass of wine for herself. The atmosphere was slightly odd. Justin, shy, sat on the edge of the sofa, typing in his phone. Marissa, in the kitchen, gulped wine and skimmed the newspaper while I finished doing the dishes. The apartment felt really tight. This is what it would feel  like to be the mother of a teenager, I thought; she'd bring home her boyfriend and they'd be oozing crazy hormonal lust behind my back.
Marissa let out horrified gasps. I turned to see her. 
“Oh — oh my God: Paul the octopus, who predicted the outcome of soccer games, was sold to a restaurant!” she said.
Justin turned to stare at her. “What? No…”
“Yes! Yes!” She lifted the page up for him to see, pointed at a tiny article and read aloud, "’Germany and Dubai in war — the chef who deep fried the octopus is sued for millions. Paul's death turned out to be foul play.’"
Justin started to laugh. I was puzzled. Marissa giggled and slapped me on the shoulder. “Just kidding!” She ran to the sofa and jumped on Justin's lap. “Did you believe me?”
“Sure, but just for a second,” he said, muffled by her weight.
I had stopped to see the newspaper spread. Marissa glanced at me. “Well of course they wouldn't have cooked him!”
“I just… have no idea who Paul the octopus is,” I said.
Justin and Marissa were now kissing, practically devouring each other. Her hand pulled his hair, her lips sucking his whole mouth with a loud slurping sound. His hands squeezed her waist. Her dress slid up on her body, revealing a fat but taut thigh. I tried not to stare at them, but it was fascinating. I didn’t remember ever kissing Matt like that. Maybe that one time we were in Barcelona and got really drunk in a tapas bar and had wild(ish) afternoon sex in the hotel. Should I have dressed sexier? I glanced at my flat chest, the buttoned up shirt. My shoes with moderate one-inch walking heels. Perhaps I needed an update.
Marissa sprang to her feet, shook her hips a few times and then lunged forward and did a wild flip onto the bed. The mattress springs twanged. “Justin is writing song lyrics!” she announced, sitting up, breathless, her skirt hitched up.
“O-oh?” I said, my voice sticking in my throat. It was as if there were three of her, moving  simultaneously.
“On his phone! He writes lyrics on his phone!” She jumped up from the bed and stepped to the sofa and leaned close to kiss him. “Mmmm. You're so goddamn cute —” She turned to me, air-drumming vigorously. “Tonight Justin is taking me to see a Japanese techno drummer!”

I felt slightly dizzy when I finally stepped out with my suitcase. Justin's modern pop was blasting; Marissa was yelping. Embarrassed, I tiptoed away.


Chapter 6

Saturday morning I raked the yard. The rake was constantly getting tangled into the climbing bushes. Dry leaves fell off and crumbled into coarse dust. After I managed to clear a small area I dragged an ancient deck chair out from the shed. I didn’t even open it because just then I saw the sky. Black clouds were bubbling, approaching from two opposite directions, rolling ahead like mud. 
I went inside, trying to distract myself. I was exercising with a DVD when there was a bright flash outside, then thunder. I stopped cold. “Matt! Should I turn this off?” I asked. “Should I turn the TV off?” 
“It won't hit here!” he said, invisible, upstairs in his office.
“But what if it does?”
“It won't!”
“Are you turning off your computer?”
“Only if it comes closer.”
Of course it was coming closer! Coming closer every second! There was no way the storm would pass us, it never did. The house was a magnet for thunder.
The sky was quiet for a while. Hesitant, I started moving, glancing at the window. I tried to force my body not to shiver. What is lightning, anyway? It’s just air, breaking down; those tiny electrodes carrying pulses of electric current. Just air —
Another flash. I stopped, started counting miles, my heart beating disgustingly fast. “One… two… three —”
Thunder roared. Terrified, I pressed my hands to my ears and closed my eyes. I waited, then put my hands down and reached for the remote. “I'll turn it off!” I said, as if Matt really needed to know.
At that moment the windows flashed and a second later the whole house was rattled by thunder. I screamed. The wall socket spit crackling fire and the TV went out with a loud pop! 
I ran out of the room and upstairs into Matt’s office. I jumped in the armchair in the corner and pulled my knees against my chest. Matt had turned off his computer and the room was dim and oddly silent.
“Sorry,” I said, but just then lightning lit the room and almost simultaneously the walls shook with thunder so loud it was like tons and tons of rocks rolling down a metal slide right above our heads. I quivered and put my head down.
When I looked up Matt was looking at me, tired. The storm moved away fast, the rumble of thunder becoming faint. My shoulders were still concrete tight. “Sorry,” I said again.
Matt shook his head and turned back to his computer. The sun broke through the wall of the clouds, yellowing the room. I got up and peeked out. Sunshine pushed the shadow of a cloud away across the muddy yard.
“I think something happened to the wall socket,” I said.
“What?”
“There were sparks.”
Matt got up so that his chair squeaked. He walked down the stairs to the living room. I followed him, feeling foolish, like a toddler. Pissed off, Matt studied the blackened wall socket. “Well. It's an electrician's job,” he sighed.
“What if there's a fire somewhere in the wall?” I asked. “In the insulation?”
Matt straightened up, too irritated to answer the silly question. He went back to his office. I went outside, dried the deck chair with a towel and lay down. I stared at the sky, so blue now it was like a Monet. 
“Hey Emily?” Matt said.
I turned to see. Matt was standing by the door. “Could my parents use your apartment next Thursday?” he asked.  
They, Allie and Leif, were leaving for a trip to Morocco on Friday morning.
“Our apartment, it's our apartment — of course they can!” I said.
“Great, thanks, Matt said. “I'll tell them not to book a hotel.”
Allie and Leif would take the train to the city on Thursday afternoon. They lived near Bridgeport, Connecticut, where Leif had designed them a very angular but comfortable house of glass. I didn't know them very well. They traveled a lot, and we only met around Thanksgiving or if they happened to visit the city. But I liked them, and I think they liked me. I made a mental note to tell Marissa not to go to the apartment that day, irritated I would now have to remember this since she certainly wouldn't. 
Exhausted, I took a fifteen-minute nap.
Then Matt called me to the bedroom to take a look at paint samples for the window frames. He had taped them on the wall. They looked identical to me. He pointed at them with his coffee mug. “Like if you look at the upper one, it's cool and blue and slightly purple. And the lower one is gray and yellow. A gray-toned wall will make the gray and yellow shade look sickly green. That's why the top one is the right shade for the windows.”
The samples still looked exactly the same color to me. “Okay,” I said. Matt turned to go — and it suddenly occurred to me to make a wild jump on the bed like Marissa had done. Surely that would make him crack up! Without really thinking it through I said, “Look!” 
He stopped by the door. I  jumped — and flew much further than I thought I would, my feet popping straight through the drywall. Matt let out a cry. I had never heard him make a sound like that, as if he'd dropped his laptop in the river. Pulling my feet out of the hole, I stood up. Matt, in shock, gestured what the hell!
“Well… aren't we supposed to replace all the drywall anyway?” I asked, ashamed, trying to grin.
“Yeah, but not right now!” Matt said.
“I’m sorry —”
“What the hell!”
“Sorry —”
“What the hell is wrong with you!” 
“Sorry,” I said again. “I’ll fix it.”
“How?”

“Pennsylvania?” people said when I told them we had bought the house. “Why? Why Pennsylvania? Downingtown? Where is that? Over two hours by train? Why not one of those pretty towns only thirty minutes from the city, on the Hudson River?”
Yes, why not? We had visited every town along the Hudson line up to Cold Spring and had seen some very nice houses but nothing that would have caught Matt's interest enough. And I hadn't cared enough, in fact I thought we'd never find the right house and would just live in the city and maybe buy a groovy loft. But here we were in where-is-that?-Downingtown.
The town is very pretty, in fact. At Halloween there is a Ghost Walk, a guided tour to the haunted landmarks, during which paranormal investigators tell spooky stories. Matt and I had taken it last year, and it was way better than just a normal historical tour. The mayor of Downingtown is very young. We had seen him give a speech on a Main Street event and he looked like an intern. There are two micro breweries, and a few interesting restaurants. A river, Brandywine Creek, runs through the town. Valley Forge National Historic Park is only twenty miles away, and Longwood Gardens with stunning flowers and fountains and also exhibitions and concerts — their Christmas decorations are spectacular — only sixteen miles away. 
The first summer in the house was exciting. We rummaged through the attic and the barn and found a painting we thought might be valuable and a vase I thought was antique. Turned out the painting was just a painting, but it was pretty, with horses in a field. And the vase, examined by Matt's mother who knew a lot about ceramics, was from the seventies. In August we had a huge house-warming party, and people stayed overnight. The house looked much better at night, with candles in glass jars and lanterns in the trees, and I had thought, Yes, this will work out.
 
I took a framed poster from the wall in the hallway and nailed it over the hole in the drywall. I looked around the room. There was so much to do. I decided today was the day to go curtain shopping. Curtains, rugs and pretty cushions for the sofa. I stepped to the window and reached for a curtain rod, yanked it, wondering if we could still use it. The rod slammed onto the floor, plaster dust swirling around.
“What happened?” Matt’s voice asked, irritated.
“Nothing, nothing!” I said quickly. “Just… organizing.”
But I had to interrupt him again when a few moments later I needed the car keys and couldn’t find them anywhere. 
Driving to West Chester, about eight miles east from Downingtown, I started feeling better. The air was crisp after the rain and the countryside bright and lush. 
I bought a curtain for the bedroom window and then walked High Street, one of the main shopping streets. Eating ice cream I sat on a sunny bench for a moment, enjoying the busyness and color of the town. West Chester is really quite pretty, and I regretted not buying a house in the area. We had taken a look at one I especially liked, but Matt had thought it “too new” and “too near the neighboring houses.” Well, now we had a “historic” house that was falling apart, and the Harper family next door leaving their toys and baseball bats and hula hoops scattered all over their yard. Not that I minded at all, but I knew every tattered kids’ tent and plastic slide really tore into Matt’s eyeballs. 

At home I unwrapped the ready-made curtain. It was supposedly cotton, but it was all crinkled up and had a strong chemical smell. I aired it for ten minutes and then decided to iron it. 
I didn't trust the wiring of the house, especially after lightning having messed up everything so many times. It was impossible to know what was really going on without tearing down the walls. Already connected to the wall at one end, the extension cord lay on the floor like a snake. In my mind's eye I saw myself electrocuted, thrown three feet in the air by a blue current.  
I took the iron's cord, grabbed the extension cord, hesitated, then connected the two. Click. Nothing much happened; only the small red light of the iron turned on.
Matt stopped by the door. “That's pretty,” he said about the curtain.
“Yeah, I thought it looked nice and modern.”
“Had a good time shopping?”
I smiled at him. “Uh-hum.”
“What's that smell?”
“The curtain,” I said. “It's cotton though. I guess the print makes it smell.”
He took the hem of the curtain and sniffed it. “It's cotton?” he said then, frowning.
“It's cotton,” I said. “It says 'cotton' on the label.”
“It's cotton?” he said again.
“Matt, it's cotton!” I said. “If it says 'cotton' I'm gonna believe it's cotton! I mean, how am I supposed to know if it isn't?”
“Okay,” he said, not wanting to argue. “Okay. But maybe we could wash it?”
“You can if you want to,” I said. “And if you want to, I'm going to stop ironing it right now.” I held the iron in the air, waiting for his response.
“Naw,” he said, laughing, and walked out of the room. 
I pressed the hissing iron on the fabric.
“Don't forget we're going to Philadelphia tonight,” Matt said.
“Yeah.”

Rita, Matt’s friend, had recently designed the interior of a riverside restaurant in Philadelphia, and we were supposed meet some other friends there for dinner. It's very quick if you take the freeway — Philly is only 30 miles from Downingtown — but we drove on smaller roads on purpose and stopped to see the antique shops, some of them in old barns. Matt found a large vintage hex sign with tulips in it, but it had such an occult look I refused to let him buy it.
“It's from the forties, it's one of those they made just for the tourists,” he said.
Octagon or hexagon hex signs with geometric decorations are a part of Pennsylvania Dutch folk art.
“There's nothing magic in it,” Matt said.
“Still, it looks oddly militaristic,” I said. I found a retro diner salt and pepper rack and we bought that instead.
In Philadelphia we parked a little bit further from the restaurant, just to have a walk on the waterfront. The evening was really warm. Families swarmed the shopping streets and cafes and ice cream shops. College kids sat in the bars and restaurant terraces. 
Matt nodded at a restaurant. “That's the place Rita designed.”
“A steakhouse?”
“Yeah.”
“I thought she was a vegetarian?”
“She designed the restaurant, not the menu,” Matt said.
We had time to have drinks on the outside deck, just the two of us, before the others arrived. Matt was in a good mood because his Baltimore project was going well. He rested his hand on the back of my chair and kissed me on the cheek. “Nice evening,” he said. “Nice-looking girl.”
“It is,” I said. “Thank you.”
He took the menu and started eyeing it. He looked a little bit tired. I thought how nice it would be to have that trip to Asia. Maybe I could even surprise him. With the extra rent coming from Marissa I could take care of it all, flights and hotels, everything. I flushed a little from excitement, or maybe it was just the heater. My cheeks felt warm. Matt sensed my stare and glanced up from the menu. “What?” 
I smiled and shook my head. “Nothing.”
I have maybe made him sound like a jerk. He was and he wasn't. When he was in a good mood he was wonderful. When he was in a bad mood he was terrible. When he was in between the two moods he was very quiet. He loved to work, that made him happy. 
I had met Matt in a small art gallery in New York. Heidi and I walked in; Matt was talking to a woman and happened to glance at me and, though he never stopped talking, he kept on looking at me for a while. It confused me and I thought, do we know each other? A strange current. There was something in him that made me want to stare at him too, though he had already turned away and it didn't seem like he had really registered me at all. 
Half an hour later Heidi and I stood in front of a gloomy painting that looked like a smudge of shoe polish, and I whispered, “I don’t like it at all. What is it?”
“'Untitled,'” Heidi read from a little sticker on the wall. “Can we go now?”
“It's just so gloomy,” I said about the painting. “Like death taking a nap.” 
Heidi snorted.
“I painted it,” a voice said. 
I turned: it was Matt, a glass of red wine in his hand, looking really pissed off.
“I just…” I started, not knowing what to say. “I —”
“Can’t you see it’s a portrait?” he said, irate, his blue eyes freezer cold.
Heidi, who has zero tolerance for arrogance, said, “It’s not a portrait, it’s a stain.”
Horrified, I glanced at Heidi.
“I painted it. I think I know what it is,” Matt said to her.
“Well maybe next time give it a name so other people know what it is, too,” Heidi said.
I said to Matt, “I’m sorry, I don't really follow art, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.”
“Don't apologize!” Heidi said.
Matt shrugged, looking amused. “I didn’t paint it,” he said. He moved away, sipping his wine.
Heidi glanced at me and mouthed, “An asshole. Psycho.”
“Shh,” I said.
“Butthole,” Heidi said, quite audibly, so that an older woman next to us turned to stare at her.
Five minutes later, when I was standing alone, Matt stopped next to me and handed me his business card. “Sorry about that,” he said, smiling. “I was trying to be funny but I guess I wasn’t. 'Death taking a nap?'” He shook his head and laughed. “I think you nailed that one.”
“I —”
“Would you have coffee with me?” he asked. “Could I call you? Or would you call me?”
He was really handsome when he smiled. I took his card. I had not been on a date in months. “Okay. I’ll call you,” I said, not really knowing if I would though. He was intimidating.
“Tomorrow?”
“Oh, er —”
“Call me tomorrow morning,” Matt said. And then he left. He was with his friend Sam who had waited further away, observing our interaction. Dressed in rolled-up cargo pants, a shirt with its collar turned up and a gray jacket with a pink pocket handkerchief, Sam looked hip but also like a clown. And now that I know Sam I'm surprised he didn't step forward and stir the scene like he always has to.
Heidi came back and asked me what Matt had wanted.
“I’m not sure,” I said.
“He gave you his card? How old-fashioned.”
“I'm supposed to call him,” I said.
“He seems like an angry guy,” Heidi said. “Throwing tantrums.”
“Oh no, he was quite… sweet,” I said. My heart was light. Somebody wanted me to call them! Somebody — possibly, maybe — wanted me! At the time Heidi was dating a very nice guy and I was a little bit tired of always being the third wheel.
“He’s the pompous irritable artist type,” Heidi said. “Hey look, someone just bought The Nap of Death,” she said then, pointing at a red sticker dot on the wall.
“Death Taking a Nap,” I said.
“Right. Who wants to see that on their wall?”

Matt's friend Sam was having dinner with us. He was a carpenter and furniture designer, one of those with millionaire clientele, making just a few sleek pieces a year. He arrived with Rita and Cathy, who was a restorer.
Rita walked us around the place, a former beer garden that was now reborn as a cool and modern steakhouse. “Everything green, recycled or vintage,” Rita said. “Goes with the natural, local-food-only menu they have. You know, sustainably grown stuff.”
“That's great,” I said.
“This is great,” Matt said, looking around.
“Isn't it? Now, let's go have drinks,” Rita said. 
We sat in the bar area, in deep armchairs gathered around a sturdy coffee table. Sam, who always had to behave in an eccentric way, ate an ice cream sundae while the rest of us had drinks. If we had had coffee he would have had champagne, or a large pizza.
Matt chatted about his design project. “The best part is over, the free-thinking, everything's-possible part. Now it's time to start making decisions,” he said. “Focus.”
“Yeah,” Rita said, nodding.
“I was thinking, a Tokyo-style modern font, ‘a town with cutting-edge STEM jobs’ and so on.”
“Baltimore?” Rita said.
“Yeah, Baltimore — it's very high tech nowadays,” Matt said.
“Wow.”
“Sounds great,” Sam said. 
“My favorite one is the blue color draft,” I said.
They all turned to look at me. Clearly my opinion was not expected.
“The blue… sort of blue toned..?” I went on, turning to Matt, hoping he would help me out. “I just think it was the… friendliest looking. Of the fonts.”
Rita stared at me, openly appalled, then clicked her phone open and turned to show Matt the screen. “Well. This one —” She switched photos. “…Or this one? Which?”
“Wow. Both are incredible,” Matt said. “Incredible.”
To irritate Rita, I craned my neck to see. Really, she was a bitch. I never understood why she didn't like me. Sometimes we were able to have a conversation and even laugh, but most of the time we kept a distance. She avoided even looking at me if possible. Rita and Matt had been great friends since college. She had kept the same style since the eighties with her bright plastic earrings and her dark dramatic hair shingled short in the neck. She never looked retro though, just very modern, a step ahead of everyone. 
She flicked the photos back and forth: two design chairs.
“Perhaps that one is a little nicer,” I said, pointing at one, just to annoy her a little bit more.
Rita tossed the phone into her bag. “I emailed them to you, you can think about it at home,” she said to Matt.
“Thanks.”
“Sam is going to Sao Paolo!” Rita said.
“Oh really?” Cathy said.
“Yeah,” Sam said.
“What day was it again, Wednesday?” Rita asked Sam.
“I'm going to Dublin in a couple of weeks,” Matt said.
“Yeah, I remember they invited you,” Rita said.
I said, “I might be going on a business trip to China!” 
Sam smiled at me. “Now there's a country that is one goddamn fucking awful mess!”
And because he smiled at me, it took me a moment to understand he was furious. “Well, it's a huge country —” I said.
“Doesn't it bother you how much environmental damage Chinese industry causes?” he asked. “You can't even breathe in Beijing anymore!”
“Well I can't help with that, and it's not like they all — my good friend for example is working for this green —”
“Disgustingly self-involved, pushing goddamn fruit knives and shit onto the market — melamine is sprinkled in baby food! They put fucking lead into anything they possibly can! So fucking corrupt —”
I was about to respond, but Sam, like a weather vane, had already swiveled to Rita. “Let me take another look at the chairs,” he said, cheerful.
What the hell was wrong with him? I glanced at Matt, but he too was leaning over Rita’s phone to see those stupid chairs. Sam now started talking about how he was taking parachuting lessons. 
“Isn't it exhausting trying to live so hard all the time?” Matt asked, laughing. 
“Yeah! It is. It's the good kind of exhaustion,” Sam said. He was always climbing the tallest redwood or an impossible skyscraper, or diving with the giant eels. You would never have guessed it by the way he dressed, so irritatingly dandy. 
Cathy, always sweet, placed her hand on my arm. “How's work?”
“Fine, thanks,” I said, pathetically grateful she bothered to talk to me. “I'm really busy, even if it's summer. Busy in a good way. How about you?”
“I'm restoring this fabulous colonial house in upstate New York. They want everything as close to the original as possible,” Cathy said.
“Great, sounds great.”
“Yeah, it’s a lot of work, a lot of work, block-printed wallpaper and so on, old murals… it’s great. How's your fixer-upper?”
“We haven't done much yet,” I said.
Cathy smiled. “It'll be really beautiful, just wait.” She was pretty with soft red hair and freckled skin. I always thought she looked like a compassionate tarot reader.
“Matt says we should live in it for a while at first and get to know the building,” I said.
“Yeah, he’s right.”
 “At least a year, he said.” I again glanced at Matt, but he was still chatting with Rita and Sam. “You have to first understand it in order to change it,” Matt had said about the house. Yes, I got that, but it wasn’t like I was rushing in to lay down laminate flooring and eighties marble; I just wanted to have a painless shower. I said to Cathy, “It’s been nearly a year now.”
“Well, if there's no hurry…” Cathy said.
“Yeah. I guess there's no hurry,” I said. “Come visit us soon?”
Cathy smiled, nodded, sipped her rose wine.

It was well past midnight when we got home. Matt undressed, killed a mosquito. I was already under the covers. “Cathy said she knows where they sell vintage fireplace tiles,” I said.
“Yeah, we already talked about it,” Matt said.
“Oh? Anyway, she promised to bring some samples over, one of these days.”
“Uh-hum,” he said and got under the covers and scooped me closer and kissed me. “It’s nice to be home,” he said.
I nodded but said nothing. I was still waiting for the day the house would feel like “home” to me. I didn’t understand why it was so hard. 


Chapter 7

Late Tuesday morning I took the train to the city. Early summer wildflowers were popping up on the side of the train track, dotting the landscape with fantastic color. There were fields and small rivers very near the city.
I went to work and then in the evening met with Heidi by the Bethesda Fountain in the park. From there we walked to a less crowded area. Heidi was wearing a track suit and had already jogged about a thousand miles. You would have to pay two million dollars to make me run. Running makes me feel like my ribcage is about to rattle down to my ankles.
I got to know Heidi when I was eleven and she moved to Kingston, New York, where I grew up. I sat next to her during lunch and she opened her sandwich and turned to me and said, smiling, “The turkey is the color of an old ballet slipper!”
Heidi told me about her internet date last night, with a guy who had stolen artificial sweetener sachets from the coffee shop table. “He pocketed them when he thought I wasn't looking. I said, 'that stuff will kill you anyway, it's way better to have just good old sugar.' He became all red and angry and said he had not taken anything, that I must be a really suspicious, distrustful and mean-spirited person. It escalated into this horrible argument and the whole coffee shop got all quiet. Then we just sat there in silence, waiting for the other one to get up and leave. Just awful. I finally left and he stayed, sitting there with his arms crossed, all sullen. While I was waiting for the light to turn green I glanced at him through the window and he flipped me the finger!”
“What!”
Heidi nodded, a sad smile on her face.
“You should have punched him in the face!” I said.
“I know,” Heidi said. “Didn't have the energy.”
We found a quiet path where Heidi trained up and down on stone stairs. I sat on the first step. Heidi's sneakers made a soft pat-pat pat-pat against the moss-speckled stone. 
I told Heidi about the dinner in Philadelphia. “I don't like his friends and they don't like me, and they probably don't like me because I don't like them, except it's probably my imagination they dislike me — they probably think nothing of me. Except Cathy. She’s always nice.”
“Yeah, I think chatted with her at your housewarming,” Heidi said, coming down the steps and starting right back up. “She's the one who found the house for you? Gorgeous red hair, a little bit like a medieval maid?”
“Yeah, that’s her.” 
Because of her restoring job Cathy always knew when there was an interesting building on the market. She had convinced Matt it was worth the drive to see the house in Downingtown. Cathy herself, single with no kids, lived not far away, near West Chester, in a fantastic house that used to be a mill.
“And she was right,” I said, “it could be a beautiful house. It’s just taking forever. Matt is so busy.” 
“Do you have to wait for him to make all the decisions?” Heidi asked.
“No, but I want to. I have terrible taste.”
“That’s not true,” Heidi said. “Your city apartment is really cute.”
“Yeah, well, ‘cute’ is the word Matt hates more than anything,” I said. 
Heidi said, “Hmh.”
I thought about it all for a moment: it really was odd Matt and I didn’t like each other’s friends. I said this to Heidi and added, “Except you Matt does like.”
Heidi shook her head and said, “No he doesn't.” 
I was about to say Heidi was wrong, but she interrupted me. “Don't you remember how we argued about what is ‘magenta’ and what is ‘shocking pink’? What guy argues about that? And also about what is a women's bike and what is men's.”
“Matt just likes to debate,” I said.
“Yeah, I'll never forget,” Heidi said.
I smiled.
“No, I think Matt is all right,” Heidi said, then. “As long as he's nice to you.”
I waited for Heidi to go up the stairs and return. “The electrician came to see our burned socket and said we were ‘the last on the electrical line,’” I said.
“Really?”
“Yeah. The house is the last one on the electrical line and that's why everything always breaks during a thunderstorm. Somehow the charge builds up and finally overloads, or something. I didn’t quite understand it.”
“Now I really want to come visit you!” Heidi said. “Can't wait!”
I laughed. Heidi went up; came down. “They have three excellent golf courses near you, though. Perhaps I should move to the country, too? I'd meet some strong, handsome farmer… fall madly in love. Have crazy sex in a haystack.”
“You know, I wasn't really thinking. When I promised Marissa could use the apartment I didn't realize it meant I can't leave my own stuff lying around,” I said.
“True.”
“I just didn't think,” I said.
“Right.”
“Even that my toothbrush glass was a little smudged was really embarrassing,” I said. 
Heidi nodded, stopped running and started stretching, touching her sneaker toes.
“You're supposed to try to make me feel better,” I said.
Heidi just grinned, her head upside down and red. 
“What would it be like to have an incredibly passionate relationship?” I asked.
“It would be totally heavenly and awesome,” Heidi said.
I laughed.
“Doesn't Matt ever want to come to city for a wild weekend?” Heidi asked.
“Not really. People get on his nerves.”
Matt hated the train, hated Penn Station especially, hated the subway, hated seeing the storefront of Friday’s or Payless or any chain like that,  hated the homeless people, hated the tourists — except when he himself was one. He hated taxis, litter and what he called the “texting assholes” on the streets. He did love the museums and the art studios and design stores, of course, and a few restaurants. He was born and raised in New York. His family moved when Matt was eleven, but Matt soon returned to the city to go to college. He had lived in London and Berlin for a few years, then returned to New York where I met him. We never lived together until we bought the house.


Chapter 8

The negotiations with the cruise line people were going well and now there were only three from the pool design company and four Chinese clients. It was Thursday; I got off around 1 p.m.
In twenty minutes I was at the apartment and watched Allie, Matt's mother, pull a coffee maker out of a small suitcase. A large woman with wide hips and shoulders, she always moved slowly; a descendant of Norwegian immigrants. It seemed her cells were convinced she still lived on a fjord and thus kept her body sturdy enough to carry a block of ice. Matt's father Leif, short and lean and springy, peeked out of the window, curious about the view. Matt had become tall and lanky, half and half of his parents. The way Allie and Leif looked always made me think of Mrs. Claus and her cheerful elf. 
“You didn't have to — I have a coffee maker,” I said to Allie.
The plastic lid of the coffee machine clattered onto the floor. Allie picked it up. A colorful scarf on her shoulders slipped off, too. She was a former crafts teacher and dressed just like one. She straightened up and tossed the end of the scarf over her shoulder. “But we were not sure…”
“Of course there's a coffee maker, and please just take anything you need. Don't unpack your own shampoos and stuff,” I said.
“We're just used to having our own… And Leif likes tar shampoo,” Allie said.
“So does Matt, we have tar shampoo, a giant bottle, unopened,” I said, nodding at the bathroom.
“All right, thank you,” Allie said. 
Leif, excited, pointed to something outside. “You can see the Apthorp from here!”
I stepped next to him. “Yeah, and if you lean out this way, the Hudson River.”
He turned to see. “Yes!”
Allie stepped to the window too, still cradling the coffee maker. All three of us stared out, in silence. I finally moved away and took my bag. “Well, anything you need, please just take it."
“Thank you,” Allie said.
“Have a good trip,” I said.
“Thanks. We'll send text messages,” Allie said.
I smiled, waved goodbye and left for the three o’clock train.

Penn Station buzzed with early evening activity. I boarded the train, sat down and pulled out my Kindle. I liked to download new Chinese novels to keep up with the language and culture, and there was a book by a female archeologist I had been dying to read. I clicked the book open, propped my shoulder on the armrest and relaxed.
About three seconds later a wave of terror swept over me — I had completely forgotten about Marissa! I knew I would, and I had! I glanced out of the window and saw the train was not moving yet. I stood up and yanked the phone out of my bag so that my Kindle and a folder of documents plopped onto the floor. The nearest passengers turned to stare. I picked up my stuff and scrolled for Marissa’s number in my phone.
“The number you tried to reach is not available at the moment,” said the female voice with that annoyingly gentle but slightly condescending tone.
I grabbed my bags and started toward the doors, bumping into passengers streaming in. The train would leave any second now — in fact I was sure I felt that small tuck of the first move. I rushed out, squashing toes and handbags, apologizing to every direction. I jumped on the platform, twisting my ankle. My foot throbbing with pain, pondering whether to take the subway or a cab, I turned one way, then another, running into people. Calling Marissa again I started toward the subway.

Fifteen minutes later, my lungs on fire, I turned to 74th Street, running. I saw Marissa and Justin get out of Marissa's yellow sports car.  
“No — oh — Marissa!” I peeped, my voice thin from running. “Wait! Goddamn it — Marissa!”
They entered the building and the door closed behind them. They hadn't heard me. I spurted ahead. 
I yanked the door open. “Marissa! Marissa!” 
The elevator was up on the eleventh floor. I ran up, peering up the staircase and with a geriatric's voice whined, “Marissa! Marissa!”
A few floors above, Marissa's moon-pie face appeared, looking down. Justin's head popped out next to her.
“Don't… don't —” I stuttered, my lungs wheezing. 
“What’s the matter?” Marissa asked.
I walked up four more floors, violent muscle spasms twisting my guts. My ankle was in fire. “Matt's parents are in the apartment tonight! I completely forgot… I'm so sorry!”
Marissa and Justin both stared at me. After a moment I reached the landing of the seventh floor, out of breath, and gestured at the apartment door. “…Sorry… about…”
Marissa had her hand on a six pack in a thin polyester shopping bag. “Want a beer? Looks like you’re about to faint.”
“No — thanks, no…” I had to lean against my knees. I had not been this out of breath since high school PE classes, running around the school campus.
The apartment door opened and Allie and Leif stepped out. I saw Allie’s large low-heeled pumps; Leif’s gray, polished loafers. I yanked my head up. “Eh — hi!” I said.
They stared at my face, which must have been beet red at this point, then glanced at Marissa and Justin.
“Oh my God, did you forget something?” Allie asked me.
“Yes. No — yes! I forgot a… document?” I said. “And by the way this is Marissa and… Justin —”
Marissa stretched out her plump hand and smiled. “Hello, Marissa.”
While I leaned on the railing trying to compose myself, they all greeted each other cordially, shaking hands. Blood hissed in my ears. I thought I was going to vomit. I saw Allie glance at the six pack in Marissa's bag.
“My… neighbors,” I said, my voice sounding like I'd inhaled helium. “Upstairs.”
Leif smiled at Marissa, smitten. Allie nudged him hard. “Leif and I were going out for steaks.” She turned to me. “You want to join us?”
“Oh no, thanks, but no —” I moved to the apartment door. “I'll just grab the… the document and I'll be on my way.”
“That happens to me all the time,” Leif said, still smiling. He grabbed Allie’s arm and they started toward the elevator. “Have a good weekend!”
“Thanks, you too, have a good trip,” I said. 
Then Allie and Leif remained there, waiting for the elevator. I turned to Marissa and Justin, to explain. “Marissa and Justin are going to Mo —” I stopped and quickly corrected, “Allie and Leif! My God I'm somehow… completely confused!” I wanted to slap myself on the head, hard. “Allie and Leif are going to Morocco.” 
“Oh?” Marissa said. “Lots and lots of sand there.” 
Leif smiled and nodded. The elevator arrived. I waved at Allie and Leif again. “Have a safe flight!” I managed to sound cheerful and like I wasn’t dying.
“Thank you,” Leif said, waving back.
The elevator doors finally closed.

In the apartment I drank two glasses of water, completely wiped out. My hand was shaking wildly. Behind me, Marissa and Justin sat by the kitchen table. Marissa uncapped a beer. “Next time call earlier, please,” Marissa said, slightly annoyed.
“Your phone was not on,” I said.
She frowned and checked her phone. “Oh.”
I put the glass in the sink and ripped a piece of kitchen towel and patted my face with it. It was happening, things were out of control like just Heidi had said.
“Jet-set holiday destination in Italy, five letters?” Marissa said, and I turned, horrified. She had started to fill in a crossword puzzle, folded open in a magazine.
“Oh no, please don't do Leif's crossword — he's really picky about that!” I said.
Marissa put the pen down, too late. Justin took a look at the magazine cover and stood up. “I'll go get a new magazine.”
“No, if you go now we won't have time to…” Marissa said, giving him a look and a strange shoulder roll one sometimes saw women in the 1930s movies do. 
I realized she planned to stay and have sex. Justin glanced at me, embarrassed. In shock, I said, “No, you can't stay here at all—”
“Of course not —” Justin said.
“They'll be back any minute!” I said.
Marissa said, “But if they went out for dinner, surely it'll take at least —”
“No, no, you you don't know how fast she eats!” It was true: like a farmer, Allie polished off a plate in under a minute and then just sat there, her large impatient hands resting on her lap, waiting for everyone to catch up, ready to serve the next course. Leif was still buttering a piece of bread when Allie was already clearing the dishes. Perhaps that's why he was so small and thin. 
“You can’t stay here now,” I said, desperate.
“But just for a quick —” Marissa started.
“No, we better go,” Justin said, firmly.
Marissa let out an angry sigh and rose. 
“I'm sorry, I never imagined it would get so crowded in here!” I said. “Sorry.”

I arrived at Downingtown over an hour and a half late. Exhausted, I dragged myself to the car, threw my bags on the back seat and got in. Matt, behind the wheel, just stared at me. 
“Hi,” I said.
“Hi,” he said, irritated. “I've waited for two hours! I was starting to worry.”
“Sorry. My phone battery ran out,” I said.
“Use a pay phone!”
“Sorry,” I said.


Chapter 9

We decided it was time to clean the gutters of dry leaves. It was Saturday morning. There was a ladder, a clonky aluminum telescoping apparatus, in the shed, and Matt helped me carry it out. I cleaned the gutter in the front of the house, no problem, found a mummified mouse and two  soda bottles circa the 1970s. 
I stopped to see the view for a moment. I had to admit it was beautiful. In the horizon there were round hills like bumps of bright green terrycloth, light shadows of cumulus clouds climbing across them. In between the hills and the house there were meadows and fields in different shades of green and dandelion yellow. The air was fresh and breezy. Invigorated, feeling like a frontier woman, I climbed down, dragged the ladder to the back of the house and climbed up again. 
I pushed the leaves with a broom, leaning on the flimsy gutter just slightly. I suddenly realized it was idiotic to clean them since we would have to replace them anyway, and soon. The steel was rusted through here and there, and some of the seams had burst open. I realized Matt probably wanted me to do the job just to get me off his back. I became irritated when I thought how I always organized my schedule so that I would be free on weekends. He never made the effort — he'd rather work every day from eight till eleven at night. There were often conferences on Saturdays and Sundays, so I could have worked too had I stayed in the city. Then I remembered it wasn't really possible for me to stay in the apartment on the weekends any more and felt a little bit… trapped. 
I pushed a bunch of leaves with an angry move. That moment the whole gutter tore off with a horrid screeching sound and, after dangling mid air for a few seconds, crashed to the ground. With a mad fumble I grabbed the edge of the roof, held onto it and managed to pull the ladder back in balance with my feet. Rotting leaves snowed down like cornflakes.
Matt appeared at the corner of the house. “Are you all right? What the hell was that!”
“The gutter…” I managed to say, still in shock, my hands shaking a little.
“Why did you tear it off!”
“I didn’t, it fell!” I said and started down the ladder. “This goddamn house is going to kill me.”
“What?”
I was surprised I hadn’t pulled down the whole roof. “Guess we need a new gutter!” 
“Are you okay?” Matt asked, stopping me, wrapping his arm around my shoulders. 
“Yeah.”
“Are you hurt?”
“No.”
He kissed me on the temple and went to the ladder. “I'll fix it.”
I went to the bathroom and turned on the shower and took off my clothes. I could hear Matt hammering and twisting the gutter on the other side of the wall. 
We had not renovated the bathroom yet. It had mint-and-white-striped linoleum on the walls, a cracked sink and rusting faucets. A pathetic needle-thin spray of water shot out the shower. I stepped in, dreaming of those rain showerheads one sees in design shows on TV. The dull drill of the water pierced my scalp. I thought that now, with some extra cash from Marissa, we might be able to renovate the house faster. Absolutely I should tell Matt about the agreement. He should be happy. I practiced a short speech in my head, a few confident sentences. I ran into her. She asked me. I thought it was a good idea. 
I would tell him tonight.

A little later I was on the sofa, painting my toenails with pale pink polish, one eye on the TV, when the Dream Mattress store commercial popped on the screen. I stopped to look. The Sandman tossed the insomniac man on the floor and changed the mattress. The ad was clumsy and so terrible it was actually great.

Matt was at his computer. Clicking on different designs, he seemed a little frustrated. I stepped closer and hugged him. He put one hand on my arm. “What's up?”
“Should we go out for dinner?” I asked. “Maybe The Creek?”
“Sure.”
I put on a new dress. 
The Creek restaurant, by the Brandywine Creek river, advertised a “fabulous view over the river.” We sat at a table on the terrace, but all I could see was the riverbank and a parking lot on the opposite side of it. It was a little too quiet, too early somehow; the evening had not really started yet. Screaming kids threw rocks into the river, and two drunkards in a nearby table having a long lunch clattered their beer glasses against the tabletop and argued about baseball.
Matt, deep in thoughts forked a starter salad. Before bringing up Marissa, I decided to set the mood. “Remember Paul the octopus who predicted the winner in some soccer tournament?” I said.
“Uh-hum.”
“A few years ago?”
“Uh-hum.”
“You know what I’m talking about?” I asked, slightly surprised. “Octopus Paul?”
He looked up. “Yeah, what about it?”
“Well — it turned out someone sold him — I mean someone had bought him, somebody from Dubai, a billionaire, had offered millions just to be able to eat Paul! And he was sold and killed but they pretended that he just died naturally. And the billionaire deep fried him. And ate him.”
Matt stared at me.
“A joke! It's a joke of course!” I said. “Of course they didn't sell the octopus. They would have been lynched!”
Matt still looked at me, stunned. “At which point should I have let out a belly laugh?”
This pissed me off. “Now who says that? ‘A belly laugh?’ A normal person would just laugh, to be polite! And kind!” 
“Well, I'm sorry, at which point —”
“At the right moment!” I said. “You should have laughed at the right moment!”
“I just have no idea what that could be, you told the story in such a bizarre way!”
I rose so that the chair screeched on the stone floor and a pepper shaker on the table toppled over.
“Hey hey hey,” one of the drunken guys said to me, toasting peace with his beer bottle.
I walked to the other end of the patio, not knowing where else to go. I just stood there, upset. I was sad, too. It seemed we never had fun anymore. Every time I opened my mouth I was afraid of being criticized. 
Two waiters, setting tables, glanced at me but left me alone with my tears. After a moment Matt appeared. “Hey,” he said softly, tucking a strand of my hair behind my ear. He hugged me, dug his cheek against my neck. “I'm sorry. I’m sorry I didn't laugh,” his muffled voice said. “You are sweet and funny. I’m sorry I’m such a moody asshole.”
I wanted to say, I feel like I love you more than you love me and it feels so awful.
“I'm sorry, I'm just under a lot of stress right now,” he said. “I'm sorry.”
I put my hands on his arms and smiled a little. “No, it's just that I can't tell jokes,” I said.
He swept his fingers across my dress neckline. “It's a new dress?”
“Yeah.”
“It's very nice. Very chic.”
“Thank you.”
The rest of the evening was okay. Matt tried very hard to be fun and easygoing. I drank too much wine and giggled at everything. The restaurant filled with people and pleasant chatter and the view started looking better at sunset. What isn't improved by sunset?
Matt picked up the dessert menu. “Let's have the dessert to go and eat it on the riverbank.” 
We walked to the edge of the water, ice cream in paper cups. We sat down on the grass, still warm after a sunny day. 

The next morning I woke up late and ate my breakfast outside, sitting in the sun on the front door stairs. The yard looked more summery now, but it was still ugly. I had planted a blackberry bush by the shed wall and a small apple tree at the side of the house. I had also pulled up all the ivy — it had come up in a long string, its tiny roots popping off the ground like badly sewn buttons. That was all I was going to do in the garden for now. Whatever we had planted last year had not survived, and I had no idea why.
After breakfast I went back in and studied the old tiled fireplace in the living room. The large tiles were an odd shade of beige and yellow. Some of them had got water damaged and were crumbling or darkened. Some were completely missing. There were also decorative stripes of small green and blue tiles - these were all intact. Cathy had said the fireplace dated back to the twenties, so it was newer than the house. 
“Matt!” I called.
“What? Don't just holler from another room, come tell me what it is!”
I ignored him. “Should I ask Cathy to bring those tile samples?” 
“I already talked to her!”
“When?”
“Just last week!”
“Okay.” I wandered to the window, scraped off old paint which peeled away in sharp flat sticks. “I booked my summer holiday starting from the second week of June!” I said.
No answer.
“Matt?”
“Yeah, yeah, I heard you!”
There was a knock on the front door. Paula Harper and her four-year-old stood behind the screen, bringing over homemade pie as a thank you for all the things Matt had given them when our freezer died. She and the child both looked like fresh young sailors, their faces lightly tanned and bright. I thanked her and told her she really didn’t have to bring us anything.  
“No, thank you, it was so wonderful to have all those frozen berries and all,” Paula said. “You have a new freezer?”
“Yeah.”
“Should I bring some of the berries back..?” Paula asked.
The berries and jams were from Allie who every fall picked every possible apple or raspberry in their garden and the spent days canning it all.
Matt walked in the room. “No, no, please keep it all,” he said.
“Oh, hi,” Paula said.
Matt opened the freezer and handed the little girl an ice cream bar. I could see Matt made Paula uncomfortable and said, “Yeah, please keep it — Matt’s mom always brings so much stuff when she comes to visit, and there's just us two and we're almost never at home,” I said. “Or Matt is, of course. Sorry I'm getting so confused, I'm always on the train!”
“Right,” Paula said. “Well, thank you.” 
“I don't like this house it's old!” the child said in that monotony rhythm only kids and crazies speak, eyeing the faded walls. I'm pretty sure I had that same alarmed look the first time I saw the house.
Paula, horrified, said, “Don’t say that!”
Matt did not like kids and did not look at the girl but simply stared out the window. “It's a historic house,” he said quietly.
“Right, right, our house is just one of those new ordinary flat ones,” Paula said.
“Do you also have all your wiring explode during thunder storms?” I asked.
“No,” Paula said, looking confused.
“Oh? I guess it’s just us,” I said, just as confused.
“Well, what I really came to ask you is if our hamster Pedro could stay with you when we leave for our two-week vacation,” Paula said. “On the sixth of June?”
“Sure!” I said and turned to Matt. “That should be fine?”
Matt said sure, then excused himself and went back to work. I made some tea for Paula and fed the child another treat. Paula and I were about the same age. Her life with the three million kids was so different. She had been a physical therapist but stayed at home at the moment. “Until she goes to school,” she said and ruffled the child’s hair.
Later I watched them walk home. They were chatting and picking up wildflowers on the side of the road. I tried to imagine Matt as a father but couldn’t. I couldn’t really imagine myself as a mother, either.


Chapter 10

Early Monday morning Matt left for his workshop in Ireland. I dropped him off at JFK. He could have taken the train, but knowing how he really hated it I agreed to drive. It would mean I'd have to keep the car all week and find parking in the city, and I regretted my decision, but it was too late now to change my mind. Matt waved and walked through the terminal doors, and I drove off. On the freeway I screamed when another car passed me too fast and too close — I was not used to driving in the city and found it really stressful. I peered at the signs, my hands cold and damp on the steering wheel, trying not to miss my turn.
About an hour later I parked the car on my street, inching back and forth to fit into the tiny spot I had luckily found. I got to the apartment, relieved I hadn't killed myself or anyone else. 
At the bedroom door I stopped cold. The bed was a tangled mess with half of the sheets on the floor. Dirty wine glasses on a tray, a piece of cheese with a missing corner, teethmarks on it. A fat fly circled above it all, making fast stops, zipping up again. Justin's rock'n'roll T-shirt was kicked into the corner of the room.
I yanked off the dirty sheets and gasped — a glass of red wine had soaked the mattress! Enraged, I tried to clear the smudge with salt and a wet towel. The wine seemed to sink deeper with every sweep. I cursed, my phone now on my ear.
“Hi, this is Marissa, leave a message please,” Marissa’s cheery voice said in the answering machine.
“This is Emily, hi!” I said, gritting my teeth. “What the hell happened here in my apartment? It's a total mess!” And without a goodbye I tossed the phone and cursed again. I couldn’t believe I had let her ruin my bed like that. Heidi had been right — what a moron I was. So gullible! I rubbed the stain, so angry I almost started to cry.

The next day I had a gig interpreting in a dental equipment marketing conference at Rockefeller Center. I sat at the back in a glass booth and translated via headphones, which was good so I didn’t have to smile or shake hands or translate any cheerful small talk. Another good thing about conference jobs is that they break for lunch exactly when the schedule says so. I bought a salad and ate it in the park and then returned to the conference hall. I got a coffee in the lobby coffee shop and walked back to my booth. 
The auditorium was very quiet. A looped video of a dental X-ray machine flashed on the large screen. Two cleaners in neat uniforms were going through the rows of seats, removing the odd paper cup or napkin. 
I opened a chocolate bar and sipped my coffee, trying to figure out how to get rid of Marissa. 
I could not figure it out. I could be blunt and rude and just tell her to return the keys. I would return the rent she’d already paid. Sorry, it's not working for me, you've gotta go and never come back. 
But I also felt like someone without a life. So a little wine spilled — so what? That’s what happens when you have a good time. In southern Europe people are practically showering in wine! They live and laugh and fight and sing and make love and spill drinks. And here I was, sitting in my sterile booth. Bland. Spinsterish. Blah.

Later that evening when I was at home eating a lukewarm supermarket buffet dinner of sweet and sour tofu and rice, the doorbell rang. 
Marissa, with a remorseful grin on her round face, stood behind the door. “Sorry sorry — I'm so awfully sorry!” she said and handed out a bottle of wine and a violin-shaped box of Mozart chocolates. “If you left my apartment such a mess I'd be livid! Livid! Can I come in?”
The “can I come in” made me flash back to a childhood friend, a very nosy girl who always followed me home and tried to sneak in when I opened the door. We were around eight years old. “Can I come in,” she said without really asking, stepping on my heels. My parents disliked her because when she was let in she snooped around all the rooms, opening drawers and closet doors. My mother had a pair of silver strap sandals that the girl always wanted to try on. She was harmless and never broke or stole anything, but everyone found her incredibly irritating. Still, we tried to tolerate her since it was common knowledge her home was a real rat hole with terrible boozing parents. 
I moved aside. Marissa stepped in and kicked off her pumps, massaging her toes with one hand. “…Killing me… painful bunions run in our family —” 
Her feet were really small and delicate, like a doll's. She straightened up and looked at me with sincere eyes. “Can you please forgive me?” 
I said, “Well, it wasn't so messy, just the wine…”
“Oh, yes it was — I know how messy it was! We had a horrible fight. Just horrible.” She walked into the living room and sank into the sofa. “We argued, you know. Justin doesn't understand, he just can't get it. He'd like me to get a divorce so that we could get married. I can't get divorced now — there's the graduation party and all, and I don't even know if I want to marry anyone ever again! Let's open the wine.”
Speechless, I went to find a corkscrew. Justin wanted to marry her? Why? Did he also want to throw himself in a purple-hot volcano?
 Marissa opened the chocolates she brought and unwrapped one. “What are you watching?” she asked, her voice muddied by the chocolate.
“Just some talk show.”
Marissa nodded, uninterested, rose, followed me to the kitchen. “He doesn't understand I'll be sixty-five when he's thirty-five!”
“Well, not really,” I said. 
“Justin can't think straight right now, but if he wants kids I'm already too old!”
“We are only thirty-seven.”
“I love kids more than anything but I just don't want more of them. Do you want kids?”
“Hmmmm… we haven't decided yet,” I said.
“Wow — it's time you started deciding, if you ever want any!” She wandered back to the living room. “You weren't that busy, were you? I'll just stay a moment, this apartment is so tranquil.” She nodded at a small statue. “Like that little Chinese guy sitting there, so peaceful.” She fell back on the sofa, took another chocolate and stuffed it into her mouth and said, “God, I've never felt this old and young at the same time! Makes me cry. It's so wonderful to be with Justin. Henry is such a dick. He's a dick!”
I sat on the sofa and poured wine into glasses.
“He's had affairs with women I know and women I don't know — everybody — anyone he runs into will do,” Marissa said. 
“Oh?”
Marissa looked around. “You're so neat and organized.”
“Well —”
“Did you tell your husband about me? That we use the apartment?”
“No.”
“You didn't? What's his name again?”
“Matt,” I said. “…I've just been so busy —”
She gulped some wine. “It's dangerous to have secrets.”
“Well, it's not a secret —”
Marissa smiled a little: it is if you won't tell.
I said, “He's just so busy too, at the moment. I'll mention it at some point. He never comes over anyway.” 
“Why?”
“He’s… it’s just easier for me to go back on the weekends.”
“I met Henry when I was sixteen,” Marissa said. “Imagine. I worked in a small grocery store and Henry came with his Honda Prelude and bought insect spray.”
I laughed.
“My God, Justin was just a fetus at the time!” Marissa said. “At some point I realized he is just a compulsive Don Juan, a textbook sex addict. Jerk.”
“You mean Henry?” I said. 
“Yeah! There's sort of a rhythm in his flings. First comes the woman, just any woman, and then he plans how to run into her again. Just by ‘coincidence’ — yeah, sure — and after that follows light flirting. And then he makes his kill. And then he loses interest! And the poor women, they call me and cry! Can you imagine, they call me!”
“I… I can’t —”
“Henry promised them a future together. Henry said this, and Henry said that! Promised them marriage!”
“Oh God. I'm sorry.”
“Justin is the opposite of Henry. Justin is wonderful, so wonderful… makes me cry!” She fell limp against the back of the sofa and stared into the ceiling with tears glistening on the surface of her eyes.
“I really can't understand what keeps you from being with him. Just get divorced,” I said.
Marissa sat up. “It would never work out! I can already see how it would end and it kills me! People think I'm his mother.”
“No they don't.”
“What did you think when you saw us the first time, in the supermarket?”
“Well, you were kissing,” I said.
Marissa laughed. Then she finished her wine and said, “Our sons are just a few years younger than Justin. God. We argued… I ran after him. But then I remembered Henry and I had this dinner party and I had to leave everything as it was, so I'm sorry. I thought I'd have time to clean up before you got back.”
“It's all right. I came a day earlier because I took Matt to the airport.”
“I'll buy you a new mattress! Just come to the store and test them! Bring Matt with you, test the beds together! It can be very romantic!”
“He's in Dublin at the moment —”
“Well, just you then. You'll see our store! I'll pay for the mattress, you just pick whichever you want.”
“All right,” I said. “Thank you.”
Marissa poured some more wine, gulped it, wiped her mouth with her arm. “Let's go to a bar. I need a heavy duty drink. Real alcohol.”
I glanced at my watch, about to decline. Marissa got up, pulled down her tight skirt. “Just one drink! Come on!”
“No —”
“Just one!”
Very firmly I said, “No, I'm sorry, I really can't, not tonight.”

Ten minutes later I found myself at the end of a line at the door of a very trendy bar. Tall skinny women queued to get in. Marissa grabbed my wrist and pulled me along to the side alley and the bar's back door. A bartender, having a quick smoke, nodded a friendly hello at Marissa. We walked through the back door, Marissa stopping to greet the staff in the kitchen. 
“How come you know everybody?” I asked.
She shrugged and pushed me ahead to the bar. It was very dark in a sensual way. Ice clinked in glasses.
We sat by the bar counter, talking about the old days. Marissa struggled to remember Heidi. “Heidi… Heidi… oh, that gymnastics girl? The lesbian?”
“Yeah, her, but she's not lesbian —”
“The tall girl? Broad shoulders?”
“Yeah. She studied to be a gym teacher, but —”
Marissa cut me off. “Remember the girl with very small eyes? A small girl with thick long hair and teeny weeny eyes?”
“Hmh… I think she was called Mindy?”
“Yeah, that Mindy-somebody! I saw her once in Brooklyn, she had triplets!”
“Oh wow, triplets?” I had a mental image of three lookalike infants, all with pinhole eyes.
“Yeah. Who else..?”
“One time I saw that guy, that short thin guy who was good at math,” I said. “His brain was like a computer, remember? He drove a Porsche.”
“Oh the one with Hitler-hair?”
“Yeah! His name was Mickey, I think.”
Marissa nodded, twirled around to see a thirty-something guy next to her. “Who do you remember from high school?”
“High school? Not that many,” the man said.
Marissa immediately turned her back to the guy, who, if disappointed, understood the conversation was over. He kept on glancing at Marissa though, hoping she'd turn back.
“Are you on Facebook?” Marissa asked.
“Only as an interpreter, as a business,” I said.
“Me too. I don’t have time for all that personal shit,” Marissa said. “Why would you want to run into your past?”
“It's sort of fun, though, and it's easy to keep in touch —”
“Mostly I just don’t want to leave a trail, you know. They can see everything you do,” Marissa said, without listening to me at all.
I had never worried about “leaving a trail” for “them.” Now I started worrying about it, but then decided my trail would be unbelievably short and dull and let it go. Another thing had started to dawn on me — I realized Marissa never had that one specific friend girls usually have. She had never seemed lonely, in fact there was always some kind of hustle going on around her, but I couldn’t remember her with just one person. The eye of the storm, that's what she was.
“Who were your friends in high school?” I asked.
She shrugged. “Everybody.”
“Everybody? But who exactly?” I asked.
“I was just friends with everybody,” she said. 
I couldn't let it go. “But who? Someone you hung out with the most?”
“Like… that girl, Britt.”
I didn't remember anyone with that name and was pretty sure she had just made it up. “Britt who?” I said.
“She had like, short hair and was sort of… short…”
I really wanted to nail her. “Britt who?” I said again.
“I think it was Larsen,” Marissa said, blank.
“Britt Larsen?” I was convinced she had pulled the name from a label and glanced around for clues. “Are you doing that Keyser Söse thing?”
She said, “What?”
“Never mind.”
“She lived two blocks from our house. They had three cats. One had epilepsy.” She bounced back to the earlier topic and said, “Justin can't remember time before the Internet! Shocking. Shocking.”
“It is pretty shocking,” I said, still thinking about Britt Larsen, determined to ask Heidi if she remembered a girl with that name.
Marissa closed her eyes and put her hand on her chest. “I'm so in love,” she announced. “This is gonna kill me.”
I said nothing. She grinned at me and took a gulp from her glass and waved at the bartender for another one.
I said, “By the way, guys really look at you.” This was true, I had noticed how quite a few men had eyed Marissa while we talked. “You seem to have that ‘something.’”
“Yeah I know,” Marissa said. “Wanna know what it is?”
“Uh… self-confidence?”
“Nope. You have to wear a lot of eye makeup. Just make really dark eyes and they'll look at you. Wait —” She took her purse and opened a small golden makeup pouch. “Let me do your eyes!”
“Oh — no, not in here —” I said, leaning away, almost falling off the stool.
She grabbed my arm and pulled me back. “Yeah! Stay still!” She lined my eyes with a strong hand. I felt my skin pull slightly.
She leaned away and squinted. “There! Looks great. You have Nicole Kidman's eyes.” She opened a dark lipstick and patted some color on my cheeks. “Stay still.” She evened out the color. “Also, stop wearing those mushroom-colored clothes. You should wear pink and bright and anything tight. Tall girl like you — use it! There, now look at some guy.” With one sharp tug she loosened my scarf, then pushed me to turn away from the counter. 
I glanced around, shy. Indeed, a few guys were looking. I turned back to Marissa. “They're only paying attention because we're adding makeup at the bar,” I whispered, embarrassed.
“Whatever gets their attention,” Marissa shrugged. “Everything is a facade. And now you look hot.”

I was back at home around midnight. I drank three glasses of water to clear my head and then went to my computer. A Skype connection opened and I saw Matt in his hotel room in Dublin. 
“Hi!” He frowned and leaned closer. “How come you look so strange?”
“Oh, I forgot that… er — there was this makeup girl at Bloomingdales who — I let her do my face,” I said.
Matt was still frowning. It looked like he was sitting against the wall.
“How come you're sitting squeezed in between things?” I asked. “Is your room that tiny?”
“Well the desk is sort of at a weird angle, but yeah, it's a very small room.”
“I hope you can tolerate it for a few days,” I said, knowing how particular he was about his surroundings.
But he seemed cheerful. “Yeah, and I'm not in here that much. Tonight I'm having dinner with Michael, the guy who runs the workshop. He's going to take me to the best pub in town.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah, he said ‘the best pub in town.’”
“How is it the best?”
“I don't know yet. I'll tell you tomorrow. If I wake up.”
I laughed. Suddenly there was a shadow on the wall behind Matt, and soon after I heard a faint clattering sound. 
“Is there someone there with you?” I asked.
Matt's eyes never left mine. “The maid is bringing towels.”
“Oh. Even this late?”
Matt grinned. “It's already seven thirty in the morning here.”


Chapter 11

I found an ancient navy blue eye pencil in the bathroom drawer and lined my eyes. I put on two coats of mascara, not too much but nearly. The dark eyes made my lips look faded, so I added some poppy-red lipstick I once got as a sample. I stared at myself in the mirror, on the verge of wiping it all off. I looked strange, but kind of good, too. I forced myself to leave the makeup on. You only live once or twice, what the hell. Be brave, be like Marissa, color your lips green if you like.
Matt hated strong makeup, especially lipstick. When Rita came over she left her fire-engine-red lipstick marks on the rims of coffee cups and wine glasses. The stains never came off, embedded deep in the white porcelain. I bought a heavy-duty dish detergent. I didn't really care if the cups were immaculate or not, but I made sure I only served coffee in one of the same three cups Rita had already ruined when she came to visit, which, fortunately, was very seldom now that we had moved.

At the Bleecker Street office building a good-looking man smiled at me, holding the door open.
“Thank you,” I said, thinking I should also whiten my teeth now that I had started this adding-sexy thing. Perhaps I could do that during the lunch break, with those invisible sticky strips?
Ann did a double take when I entered the meeting room. The men really paid attention to me. Even my voice was more confident. “Any debris that floats goes through these drains,” I said in Chinese. “Anything large will be stopped by a strainer basket.”
Maybe Marissa was right. 

After work, in the late afternoon, I drove to see Heidi who was giving golf lessons for kids at Douglaston Golf Course in Queens. My eyes were a little tired and I found myself rubbing them while waiting at red lights. 
At the golf course coffee shop I paid for a drink. The cashier, a younger man, smiled at me, looking at me a bit longer. Still confident, I smiled. How wonderful it was to be noticed! I tossed my hair — which also suddenly seemed thicker and glossier — and took my coffee and walked to the terrace. I would put on a ton of makeup every day from now on! I had wasted so many years, plain-faced and beige and mousy. Perhaps I would even lighten my hair a bit like Marissa had suggested, or even a lot. By now I looked like Anita Ekberg in my mind.
I picked a table on the terrace and waited for Heidi. I could see her with a group of children, further away on the undulating green. A man at a table nearby smiled at me. I smiled back at him, looked down and stirred my coffee, all mysterious and sultry.
Heidi finished the class, chatted with a few parents in the parking lot for a moment, then started toward the coffee shop. I waved at her. She waved back, stepped onto the terrace and removed her cap. Fixing her ponytail, she watched the golf kids and their parents leave. “It's terrible how people's names just disappear from my head these days,” she said quietly. “All those parents… the faces are familiar and I know who is who and whose parents they are but I can't remember anybody's name. Just terrible, it's that illness, what was it again…” She sat down and whispered, “There's one dad there who's quite cute, though, and I think he's divorced, that guy in the blue T-shirt—” She stopped there and just stared at me.  
Smug, I smiled back at her. “This is a test. Wear a lot of eye makeup and guys really look at you!”
“Really? Have you looked in a mirror lately?”
I stopped by the mirror in the ladies’ room and saw it: The makeup on my right eye was smudged so that I looked like a black-eyed lunatic street fighter, or like the Terminator. I had also, somehow, swept a thin trail of lipstick from the corner of my mouth to my cheek. It looked like I had been whipped hard with a twig.  “Great,” I said, pumping sticky soap from the dispenser. “Just… effing great.”
I wiped my face clean and returned to the table. Heidi had ordered salads for both of us. She grinned at me. “The other half of your face looked really good, though.”
“Thanks,” I said, sitting down.
“Why would you take any, any advice from her?” Heidi asked when I said it was Marissa’s idea.
“I didn’t take any advice, I just let her put makeup on me,” I said. “I thought I looked kind of nice, until it got all messed up.”
“Just don’t let her take you to a tattoo parlor,” Heidi said.
I smiled a little. I asked if she remembered a Britt Larsen.
“Who?” Heidi said.
“I think it's an imaginary friend,” I said and described my conversation with Marissa.
“A nut,” Heidi said.
We ate in silence for a moment. Then I said, “I've been thinking… what would it really be like to date someone much younger?” Because I had been thinking of it lately. Life felt slightly flat. Matt never seemed to want a holiday, even now his trip was just for work. At home I stared at the TV or read a book while he worked, or maybe stripped off some paint if I felt really adventurous.
“I would love to date anyone over sixteen or under seventy-five,” Heidi said. “Or if he were very rich, over seventy-five would be fine.”
We laughed a little.
“Marissa wants me to go test a new mattress,” I said. “She went on and on how a mattress is half of your life, that you literally sleep half of your life —”
“Right.”
“And the mattress needs to be just right. I'm going to their store on Monday.”
“Take me with you! I have a day off. I want to see her,” Heidi said.
“Sure.”
“I want to see if she still has my hair band. If she does I'll take it back, damn it!”


Chapter 12

Four days later, on Monday afternoon, I parked in front of Heidi’s apartment in Morningside Heights. While waiting for her I eyed the map of the West New York area, searching for the address of the mattress store. Heidi came out of the building and walked to the car and got in. I waited until her seat belt clicked, then started wrangling the car onto the street. “I absolutely do not want to end up on a one-way street going the wrong way. So tell me where to —” Just then I almost collided with another car passing us at high speed. I yelped and stomped the brake. Heidi was thrown forward like a rag doll.
“We can just take a cab, you know,” she said. “I don't want to die single.” 
I handed the phone to her. “Try to figure out the best route.”
She started scrolling the map. “I can't wait to see her! Is she still apple shaped? She was always on the verge of being a real barrel, squeezing herself a waist with a wide belt.”
“Well, yeah —” I glanced at the map. “Should I take a right here?”
“Where are we going?” Heidi asked.
“West New York, New Jersey. Monroe Place.”

Half an hour later we were at the store, a huge flat building with a large parking lot. Big white and blue letters spelled Dream Mattress. I nodded at Marissa's yellow sports car. “That's hers,” I said.
“She drives a Lotus?” Heidi said. “Bitch.”
All giddy, we got out of the car.
As we entered the store we heard muzak playing, softly like a snake charmer's flute. Further away a serious looking, sixty-something couple was testing mattresses. It was all so serene it was almost like a funeral home. By the counter there was a very tall young man, still gangly like a teenager. He was dressed in crisp khakis and a blue shirt with the store logo on it.
I stopped and whispered to Heidi, “Should we go to the counter..?”
“No. Let's just stand here,” Heidi said. 
I giggled. The young man noticed us and nodded a welcome.
“Hi,” I said, walking closer. “Is Marissa here?”
Cordial as a Buckingham Palace servant, the young man swept his hand toward a side door and said, “Mom is in the warehouse.”
So he was one of Marissa's sons. I nodded a thank you and started toward the door with Heidi. “We're… her friends,” I said.
The young man nodded, smiled a little and turned back to the computer. At that moment Heidi, now in front of me, bumped into a man just coming out with two pillows. 
“Uh — sorry, excuse me —” Heidi said, retreating, stepping on my toes, squashing me against the wall.
“Oops! Please forgive me, ladies!” The man was short with broad shoulders and a trim body, restless like a boxer. He was handsome in a rugged way, but the overtly neat cut of his thick hair gave him the air of a manic scout leader, or a sadistic small-town sheriff. Before Marissa's son said to him, “They asked for Mom,” I knew it was Henry.
“Yeah, hi. I'm — we're friends of Marissa. I'm Emily,” I said, stretching out my hand.
Henry had to move the slippery plastic-sealed pillows under one arm to shake hands. “Oh?” he said, smiling. “Henry.” Strong white teeth against the slight tan of his skin. Suddenly I knew exactly what he was: he was one of those safari elephant hunters in the early twentieth century; white man in the jungle.
I turned to Heidi. “My friend Heidi —”
“Hi! I'm Henry,” he said again, then nodded at the storage. “Marissa's in there. Go straight ahead.” He held the door open with one hand, the pillows still tucked under the other. We got going, tumbling into each other a little.
“Thank you,” I said.
Marissa, in high heels and a tight dress, stood at the other end of the large hall, supervising king-size mattresses being loaded into a truck. She turned to see us and started grinning. She stepped closer, her heels clicking on the cement floor. She spread her arms and hugged Heidi and said, “Helloooo!”
Air rushed out of Heidi's lungs. “Uh, hi —”
Marissa shook her by the shoulders. “How are you!”
“Good, thanks. How are you?” Heidi said, bobble-heady.
“So good to see you! I almost didn't recognize you without those thick glasses!” Marissa screamed.
“I —”
“How is everything?” Marissa asked, lowering her voice. “Have a special girl in your life?” 
Before Heidi could utter a word, Marissa gestured at a teenager loading mattresses. “My son Oliver —”
Heidi muttered to me, “…I'm lesbian?”
“Oliver, greet my former classmates!” Marissa shouted.
Oliver, about sixteen, also very tall like his brother, waved with a work-gloved hand, pushed a mattress forward into the truck. Marissa turned back to Heidi. “How are you? Where do you live and where do you work?”
Heidi said, “In the city… in a golf store. And I teach —”
Not listening at all, Marissa nodded and ushered us back into the store. “We must celebrate! It's like a mini class reunion!” She pointed at the test beds. “Listen, should we try the mattresses first and then have some champagne? We have some left over from the graduation party!”
“Right, congratulations,” I said.
“Thanks. Henry! Henry!” She twirled around. “Now where did he go again? That man is faster than a salamander.” She turned back to us. “Did you meet him?”
I said,“Yes —”
Marissa cut us off. “Yeah it's a miracle there's a drop of alcohol left in our house, but three bottles were left and we brought them over here!” She hollered to the couple trying the beds, “Did our manager offer you some champagne?”

About ten minutes later the couple was now sipping champagne, looking slightly worried — perhaps the free drink was a trap? At the other end of the store Heidi and I lay stiffly on a king-size mattress. Marissa stood next to the bed, holding our champagne glasses. “Did you know in an old mattress one quarter of its weight can be old skin and dust mites?” she said. “We used to have an educational video of it! Like if you go to an old hotel for example, you're basically sleeping on top of another person altogether, the mattresses are so contaminated.”
Heidi and I glanced at each other, trying not to crack up. Henry appeared, walking with energetic footsteps, as if he were on springs.
“Henry — Emily, Heidi and I know each other from high school! And Emily spent years in Beijing!” Marissa said.
“Oh really?” Henry said.
Marissa left us, saying, “I'll go get more champagne.”
Henry's head appeared above my face. “In Beijing?”
I tried to sit up. “Yeah.”
He moved a step further. “Wow. I've never been to Asia. Except Hawaii. Did they have a ton of bicycles?”
“Yes. I had one, too. It used to be the best way,” I said. “Nowadays cars —”
Marissa returned. “Emily's mattress got stained with red wine.”
“Oh? A wild party?” Henry asked.
I glanced at Marissa who just grinned and held out the glass she had filled. “No. I don't quite understand how it all happened,” I said and took the champagne.
“What size is your mattress?” Henry asked.
“Er… I can't remember. Double? Queen?”
“Queen,” Marissa said, then added quickly, “We discussed it already.”

I tested a few mattresses and picked one. While Marissa went to the computer to process the order, Heidi and I sat on the edge of one of the beds. I found a place for my glass on a side table. “Better not have any more. I'll have to go get Matt soon.”
By the counter the couple, probably softened by champagne, were paying for a mattress. Jonas, Marissa's son, printed out their invoice. Marissa and Henry started going through another paper; Marissa fixed Henry's collar, gently, then disappeared through the warehouse door.
“I thought their marriage was in crisis?” Heidi said, watching her go. “It doesn't look that bad.”
“I guess they're one of those couples whose marriage is like bumper cars. It's like that with Marissa and Justin too. Or I think it's like she's the bumper car and the other people just happen to be in her way. Kaboom!”
“Yeah. She seems just as crazy as she used to be,” Heidi said and rose. “I'll try that mattress over there once more. It's really quite amazing, I have to admit. And if my old mattress is filled with old skin and dust mites…”
I laughed. Heidi went to the bed and sat down. I took my phone and started going through JFK arrivals. When Heidi lay down on the mattress, Henry appeared like a magic trick. He started chatting, animated. Heidi laughed. I had stopped to watch them. Heidi sat up. They chatted some more. Soon Henry swung an imaginary golf club, acted as if seeing the ball fly, grimacing when it "broke a window" or something like that. Heidi laughed. Henry told another story, and again Heidi laughed. When he finally left, Heidi got up and came over to me.
“What did he say?” I asked.
“Just told me some silly stories.”
“Like what?”
“Well, he said he had practiced golf at the summer house and the whole club flew through the window of the neighbors’ sailboat.” She giggled.  
I stared at her. Amazing — Henry's charm had already worked.
“And we talked about teaching golf. I expected some monster, but he's really nice.”
“I didn't say he was a monster, I just repeated what Marissa told me. I just can't see it. His so-called ‘charm’ makes me think of a warthog.”
Heidi smiled. I looked at Jonas, now presenting a new customer with a mattress sample. “How strange that two short and restless people have such tall and calm kids. How come?” I glanced at my watch and saw it was getting late. “I should leave for the airport.”
Marissa returned from the storage area and clapped her hands. “Right then! When will you be at home?”
“At home where?” I asked.
“To take delivery of the mattress?”
“Oh, right. Wednesday evening?” I suggested.
“The day after tomorrow, Wednesday, May 30. Around six p.m.?”


Chapter 13

I dropped Heidi home, drove to the JFK airport and picked up Matt. We drove to my apartment. Matt would stay overnight and take the car back to Downingtown the next day. He was in a great mood, the workshop had gone well and he told me all about his “the best Irish pub” experience. “Not at all what I expected,” he said. “First of all, it was this new — shiny new — pub, more like a bar. When I had anticipated dark rooms with rowdy, red-nosed miners toasting and getting into fistfights.”
I laughed.
“And Michael brought his girlfriend along, and she was this limp pale thing who didn’t want to eat or drink anything. I was like, how can you be with her? Michael is great, and then he dates this tubercular woman!”
“I hope you didn’t say anything!”
“Of course not. But I just couldn’t understand it.”
“Well, there must be something about her…” I said.
“Yeah, he’s clearly very much in love. I just don't get it. But it was all right. We had drinks and dinner. She left. We had more drinks. Suddenly a poetry reading started, and it was astonishing. They had this crazy slideshow projected on the poets, literally on their bodies. It was beautiful.”
“Maybe you were just drunk?” I said.
“No, it was beautiful,” he said.
Matt had brought me an elegant scarf, and at home I wrapped it around my neck and looked into the mirror. “Really pretty. Thank you.”
“You're welcome,” he said, in the kitchen, rummaging through drawers. “Where's the corkscrew?”
“There, on the shelf,” I said. I suddenly remembered the two extra toothbrushes in the bathroom and stepped in and tossed them in a drawer.
I walked to the kitchen. Matt found the corkscrew and opened a bottle of wine. “Those cabinet doors are terrible. They're bubbling,” he said.
“I don't care. We can change them at some point.”
“No, it all has to be demolished, you can't put good doors on crappy frames,” he said.
“Is there anything you like in here?” I asked.
Matt handed me a glass of wine. “You.” 
His cell phone beeped a text message. He glanced at it. “Mother is texting…” He read the message aloud, “'Hello there! We've been busy and even rode a cnel —'” He stopped to stare at the sentence.
“Camel,” I said, laughing. “They rode a camel.”
Matt laughed. 
The evening was very nice. We ordered Thai food, curled up on the sofa and watched The Alfred Hitchcock Hour and discussed maybe flying to San Francisco for a few days during my holiday.
“The Design Week opens on the twenty-first,” Matt said.
“No, no — it's supposed to be a holiday trip!” I said.
He laughed. “Okay.”
I didn't bring up the trip to Shanghai and how I hoped he would join me afterward. I knew he didn't like to plan that far ahead and was anxious to return to work. I wrapped my arms around his waist and snuggled closer. He always smelled so great, like pine trees and soap.

The next day Matt drove home, and I went back to work. We had a short break around two in the afternoon. Leaning against a window, I talked to Heidi on the phone. Minuscule cars drove on the street below. Ant-size people crawled in all directions. We were on the thirty-first floor.
“He came here. Henry,” Heidi said.
“What!” I said, completely shocked. I struggled to keep my voice down. “What? Are you joking?”
“Nope,” Heidi said.
“He came where?”
“Here to the store,” Heidi said. “He came in and bought new golf clubs and asked if I could give him lessons.”
“Wow!” I said, stunned. “Wow! He made his move pretty fast! I can't believe it!”
“Well, I didn't promise anything…”
Ann's assistant appeared at the meeting room door and gestured at me and a few others — the break was over. I nodded and started toward the door, hissing to Heidi, “Don't do it! Do not go anywhere with him! No golf lessons!” 
“Well, what if he's getting divorced?”
I stopped. “He's not getting divorced!” I whisper-screamed. “They're not getting divorced! They can think they are but they really aren't! They're just like Burton and Taylor, always fighting but never divorcing!”
“Burton and Taylor did divorce.”
“Yeah, on paper, but they never really divorced!” I said and started walking. 
“But if Marissa's affair has gone on for months?”
“She just wants to get back for all the flings Henry has had!”
“Well, I promised to see him,” Heidi said, firm.
I stopped, turning my back to the meeting room. “What? You just said you didn't!”
“Because I knew you'd start screaming like my mother!” Heidi said.
I couldn’t believe this was happening, that Heidi would let Henry anywhere near her.
“I haven't met anyone in decades,” Heidi said. “I'm tired of being single and alone every Saturday. And Sunday. And Monday and Tuesday and —”
“There must be other men in the world, not just Henry,” I said. 
“Where are they then?” Heidi asked.
I was in the meeting room now. I could still see people chatting casually, standing up next to their seats. I calculated I had about six seconds left. I wanted to hammer into Heidi's head it would be a giant mistake to get involved with Henry. I said nothing.
“We'll just play golf,” Heidi said. “And I need the extra income. It's just golf lessons.”
“I have to go,” I said. “Heidi, please do not start anything foolish.” I shut the phone, all flushed and irritated. I noticed Ann glancing at me. I quickly pulled myself together and took my seat, my head fuzzy with all kinds of thoughts.
I called Heidi when I got off work but she didn't pick up. I texted her, “Do not get involved with him!” and, “Really, Heidi, limit it to golf only!” It annoyed me that she didn't answer.


Chapter 14

Heidi called the next morning. “Don't worry, I can see Henry is the kind of a guy who will mangle your life into a mess.”
“Yes!” I said.
“He's really good looking though,” Heidi said.
“If you like the type, sure,” I said. “Probably wears lifts. Probably spray tans.”
I asked if Heidi would like to go for a walk in the evening, but she knew I would try to talk her back to her senses and pretended she had a class.
“Before you do anything with Henry you have to call me,” I said. “Promise. You must call me first so I can warn you again,” I said.
“All right, auntie Emily.”
“I'm not joking. He's trouble.”
“That's just what makes him exciting,” Heidi said.
“You sound like a character from a Harlequin novel,” I said. What was wrong with her? She had never acted like that.
“You know, I have now dated so many guys who were like girls that I'm excited to meet someone who actually has some testosterone!” Heidi said. “I'm just toying with him.” 
“So you think,” I said.

The new mattress arrived on Wednesday evening; the deliverymen, one of them Marissa's son Oliver, pushed the old mattress out the door. I thanked them and tipped them.
Then I sat on the bed. It was a very good mattress, firm and bouncy. I stood on it and made a few jumps, touching the ceiling with my fingertips. 
Around 6:30 I walked to the supermarket to buy dinner. I was just bagging apples when my cell phone rang. I dug it out, saw Marissa’s name on the screen. “Hi —”
“Did the mattress arrive safely?” her voice asked, oddly deflated.
“Oh yes, thank you so much —”
“You know — I'm completely wrecked,” Marissa said. “Are you here?”
“I'm here at the supermarket,” I said, hoping she didn't need the apartment and would not start begging for it, or that I hadn’t forgotten she had “booked” it already.
“In the city?” she asked.
“Yeah, sorry, I still have work tomorrow —” I started.
“You must come here!” she said, suddenly ardent. “I need to talk! You're the only one who knows and understands! You're the only one I can talk to about Justin!”
She was in a Mexican restaurant in the Village, she said, a short subway ride away. I thought maybe I could have a quesadilla for dinner and promised to meet her. A gigantic mistake.
I saw Marissa in the bar. She was so happy to see me. She had us moved to a table and ordered two margaritas. Even this early the place was a swirl of rowdy customers, mostly college kids. The music was really loud, the speakers crackling with every high peak of the mariachi muzak.
I hadn’t eaten anything in hours. A few sips of the drink made my brain fluffy. Marissa’s eyes were pink and her cheeks like two winter apples. “We went to buy pants for Justin and the shop girl thought I was his mother!” she said, looking devastated. “She said, ‘We have the same brand for women if mother wants to try them on.’ Mother! She thought I was his mother!”
“But —”
“We had a horrendous fight —”
“Hopefully not in my apartment,” I said, trying to make a joke.
“…and I said it's over!” About my comment she said, “No, we just fought right there on the street in front of the store, I couldn't help it, I felt so desperate. Because how could it ever work? I said to Justin we're like two airplanes, the second one can never catch the first. If you imagine life is sort of like a runway. Or a flight.”
“Aren't you a bit too dramatic now?” I asked.
“It's. All. Over,” she said, Garboish, staring into her drink.
“Come on, Marissa,” I said. “Tomorrow you two will laugh about it.” What I really wanted to say was yes, I think it's idiotic to date someone just out of diapers. And by the way, your overtly virile husband is now after my best friend. I think you should both be fenced in, permanently.
Marissa wiped tears with her thumbs, pulling her eyes into slits. My stomach churning, I took another sip of my margarita. Marissa gulped down her drink and waved for another one. “Come on, finish it,” she said to me. “Tonight we're gonna get drunk.”
“I — this is really strong —”
“Finish it,” she ordered.
I took another sip. The music was turned up. People kept bumping against the back of my wooden chair. A tipsy young man approached from the side and pushed a sombrero deep onto my head. I pulled it off and a shrieking girl grabbed the sombrero from my hands and disappeared into the crowd. 
“We're lucky to have a table!” Marissa shouted over the noise. “You need to come early to get a table!”
The restaurant was completely chaotic by now. Who knew a Wednesday night could be so busy? A frustrated looking waiter stopped to take our order and clear empty glasses.
“And two more margaritas please,” Marissa said.
I peered at my wristwatch, seeing four clock hands. “I really should get going soon,” I said, my tongue suddenly like a pingpong ball. “Right after we eat.”
“No, you can't leave me alone in this mental state!” Marissa said, grabbing my sleeve.
“Doesn't Henry ever wonder where you are in the evenings?” I asked.
“I told him I take bootcamp classes,” she said.
We got the drinks and Marissa lifted her glass in a solemn toast, saying, “I need all the support and advice you, my great friend, can give me.”
I toasted, slightly flattered, and drank. Fortunately my food arrived or I would not be alive to tell this story. I have a foggy memory of scooping soggy enchilada into my mouth, guacamole dripping into my drink from a nacho. We moved to the bar counter at some point, where Marissa, in tears, told her story to an unknown woman who was nodding and making emphatic sounds. I was barely on my feet and wearing that sombrero, or a different sombrero, again.
Hours later, drunk and unstable, I got out of a cab. Still by some miracle holding the supermarket bag, I slammed the door shut, accidentally squashing the bag in between. The cab driver cursed and got out of the car. “Oh come on now lady!” he said and helped me open the door so I could free my bag.
“Sorry,” I said, my throat made of lead. “S-shorry.”

The next morning I woke up twenty minutes to nine. I stared at the blurry clock, horrified. Twenty minutes to nine. I had twenty minutes to get to the meeting. The last meeting with the cruise line.
I leaped up. My brain was so sore! It was a huge heavy sore ball bouncing against the inner walls of my skull, also sore. In tears, my hands shaking, I tore open a box of Advil. I gulped the pills, the headache sloshing around in my head like a giant, poisonous, icy margarita. Every move I made was a torture of needles and razors and hammers.
I ran to the subway and got in the packed train. Standing up, I squeezed the pole and tried not to vomit. A man next to me smelled like dirty hair and cologne. I turned my head away, and the ads on the wall of the oncoming platform carouselled past my eyes.
Ten minutes later I ran to the Bleecker Street office building, my coat flapping. I knew we would not be in the big meeting room any more but in one of the smaller ones. I screeched to a halt in front of the lobby receptionist. “Mott's Pool Designs?” 
She glanced at her computer. “Meeting room 3133.” 
“Thanks —”
I knew I looked like hell, a manic woman. Security approached me — I flashed my conference ID badge and ran past him to the elevator. 
I got to the meeting room when everyone was already seated. Clearly they were done with small talk too. It was eleven minutes past nine. Smiling, as if I were not late but had just waited like a valet until everyone had settled, I took my seat. My hair was glued to my scalp by sweat.
Shabby, shaky and probably reeking of stale booze, I translated, this time ‘personally,’ with no headphones, sitting next to the participants. There were only five of the clients by now, and Ann, with three of her staff. 
My notebook slid onto the floor with a loud ‘thump!’ Ann turned to stare at me. I avoided looking at her, just picked up my papers and continued talking. I felt red shame climbing up on my cheeks. Visions of margaritas lifted vomit to my throat. I swallowed, coughed, tried to keep up with the discussion.
Two hours later we broke for lunch. Nauseated, I lay on the cool floor tiles in one of the stalls in the ladies’ room. I could smell Clorox and toilet water. My brain was throbbing, stabbed from every direction. 
The door opened and heels clunked against the floor. A woman's feet stopped by the stall door. I looked up. Through the slit around the door an eye looked back at me. Ann. After a moment she moved away, without a word, washed her hands and left.
In the afternoon, after the meeting, Ann pulled me aside and said she thought it was perhaps better if she booked another interpreter for the China trip.

Crushed. Crushed! In the subway I leaned my head against the window and closed my eyes. Your own fault. What an idiotic thing to do to drink like that. My eyeballs seemed to pulse and my tongue was sandpapery. 
Back in my place, completely dead, I removed my shoes — then stopped when I heard a slight rustle. There was someone in the apartment. 
I walked further. Justin, on the edge of the bed, in tears, turned to see me. I was speechless. He said, “I'm sorry I came here. I couldn't cry anywhere else.” Dissolving into sobs, he put his head down. 
I still didn’t know what to say. Justin cried like a little boy, unembarrassed. After a moment he took some tissue from the box on the night table and blew his nose. I waited.
“She thinks I'm too young but I know what I want — I only want to be with her for the rest of my life. How can I make her believe me?” he said.
I decided not to say anything about him showing up in the apartment unannounced. It was late Thursday afternoon anyway, normally I would have been on the train by now.
“Justin… how old are you again, twenty-two?” I asked.
“Twenty-six.”
“Right. Well, twenty-six is still pretty young. When you're nearly forty you'll understand twenty-six is incredibly crazy young.”
Justin looked at me with wet eyes, not convinced.
I said, “There have been studies how a young brain is different and sees the world differently and operates in a different way…”
Justin was just staring at me.
“Then, older, you’ll think ‘why on earth did I choose that person?’ Or, ‘why the hell did I pick this house?’ And so on,” I said.
“No, my feelings are crystal clear,” he said, folding the tissue neatly.
“That's just what I mean. Later on you'll —” I stopped to think how to say it. “What I'm trying to say is… I'm not trying to not encourage you — I mean, discourage you —” My head was bursting with the effort, and I still had a dull pain pounding my eye sockets. “God, I have such a horrendous headache. I went out with your Mom—” I quickly corrected this, “With Marissa! Sorry, sorry Justin — I went out with Marissa last night and apparently she can drink way more than I can. Or any human.” I sat down. It had just flashed in my mind how I, last night hailing a cab, had collided with a newspaper vending machine. I had apologized loudly, making a young couple passing by giggle and repeat my words. Where the hell had Marissa gone? I couldn't remember anything much after the second drink. Or had there been four margaritas? And tequila shots? Marissa's grinning face now floated in front of my eyes and I started getting angry.
“Of the two of us, I am more adult,” Justin said. 
“I believe you,” I said lightly. Get out while you can, I wanted to say. I whispered it. “Escape.”
“What?” he said.
“Nothing,” I said.
“I'm responsible!” Justin said. “I've always been middle-aged. I know I look young but I’m old.”
I smiled a little. Justin really was very sweet. Marissa would, unfortunately, crush him under her stiletto heel. He would never be okay after she was done with him. “I'm sorry,” I said.
Justin glanced at me and smiled a little too. “I can't help it.”
“All right,” I said. “I understand. But —”
“She won't take my calls,” he said.
“Just let her —”
The front door lock rattled. Horrified, it immediately dawned on me today was the day Allie and Leif were back. My blood turned into jello in my veins. 
“Marissa?” Justin said and stood up.
“No,” I said, jumping up on my feet. “I'm afraid not —”
The door opened and I heard Allie's voice say, “It's this camel that smells! The same stench has followed us all the way from Morocco!”
“Yes,” Leif said.
“It's filled with some strange hay,” Allie said. “Why didn't I tell that pushy salesman… I should have just said ‘no no no and no.’ Or we should have left it in the hotel —”
“Well, something that expensive, one doesn't just want to leave it behind…”
I walked into the hall. Allie put down a massive stuffed toy animal, the stinky camel. “Oh, hello,” she said, surprised, straightening up.
“Hi,” I said, trying to smile.
Leif smiled and nodded, also surprised. “You're still here? Should we book a hotel?”
“No — no no, I just… was working late —” I started to explain.
Justin appeared behind me, still sniffing tears. Allie and Leif, even more surprised, just stared at us. Justin nodded a hello at them. Allie and Leif nodded back.
I said, “Justin just popped in to — remember Justin, my neighbor? He came to borrow… er… er…” 
“Salt,” Justin said and held his closed fist halfway up, as if it was filled with salt.
“Yeah, salt!” I said. “He was out of salt.”
Justin turned to me. “Thanks.”
“You're welcome, hope the stew turns out great!” I said.
Justin nodded a goodbye, moved past Allie and Leif but suddenly tripped on the camel, flying flat on the corridor floor so that his wristwatch slammed on the hard surface and shattered to pieces. Allie and Leif gasped, stunned. I grimaced. Justin climbed up, nodded at us again, limped away.
“But… will he need more salt now?” Allie asked me.
“Justin?” I asked.
Justin glanced over his shoulder, shook his head while trying to smile and showed his fist in the air as if he were still holding the salt in it. 
I reached past Allie and Leif and closed the door.
“But how come he was so awfully weepy?” Allie asked.
“He had just peeled onions,” I said.

When I finally got to the train I called Matt. He sounded grumpy, so I, immediately irritated too, asked, “Did your mom already tell you there was ‘some strange guy’ in my apartment when they came?”
“No?” he said, sounding confused.
I guess Allie and Leif had thought whatever was going on was my business. They were not the gossiping type. They were good people, and now I felt just awful about everything.
“Well, when they got here, here was this guy Justin, and he's my old classmate Marissa's boyfriend,” I said.
Matt said nothing. I could hear him sigh deeply. I went on, “Because I promised that they can sometimes borrow the apartment —”
“Uh-hum. You know, I'm in Baltimore. I'm just heading for a meeting. I'm in a middle of heavy traffic!”
“Well anyway, if your parents call you and say that there was some ‘strange neighbor’ in my apartment it was just him,” I said.
Matt sighed again, enormously irritated.
“I'll explain it all when I get home,” I said.
“Uh-hum.”
I got so pissed off again. “Or perhaps I won't come home. Perhaps I don't want to get there just to be told off by you.”
“Emily —”
“Perhaps I'll get off at the next stop and take the train back to city.”
“I told you I'm in the middle of the street! I don't want to discuss this now!” he yelled.
“Bye,” I said, ending the call. “You jerk. Jerk.” I put the phone in my bag, tears pushing from behind my eyes. I myself was the jerk, the idiot. I could feel the passenger opposite me staring and I turned my head away. I pressed a finger between my eyes to stop the tears.

At home that evening I had to tell Matt about Marissa. He had picked me up from the train stop as usual, and neither of us had said a word during the drive.
Leaning against the kitchen countertop he just shook his head in disbelief and fished a tea bag out of his mug.
“We'll get a little bit of rent. Two hundred a week, in fact. Isn't that a good thing?” I asked.
“The idea that there's someone in my apartment going through my stuff is revolting!” he said.
“And their skin goes into your mattress?”
Matti glanced at me, puzzled.
“They won't go through any stuff — and there's almost nothing there that's yours,” I said. That was true. There were perhaps three T-shirts, two books and a toothbrush that belonged to him.
Matt tossed the tea bag into the sink and left the room. “Bad decision,” he said. “Idiotic.”
“I've told you not to leave your tea bags in the sink!” I said. “It's infuriating!”
Matt returned to the door.
I said, “If you think everything I do is stupid and wrong, I can also tell you that when you leave the tea bags in the sink it drives me fucking crazy!” 
Matt waved it off and walked away.
“My trip to China was canceled,” I said, quietly. I felt my eyes become hot.
“What?” Matt asked.
“Nothing,” I said. Then I whispered to myself, “My China trip was canceled.”


Chapter 15

Rita bent down to see the hamster in the cage on the kitchen table. It was June sixth and the Harpers had left that morning. Pedro had arrived in his cage, with a bag of hamster food. Rita smacked her red lips. “Oh, he has furious hair! Can I pet him?” she asked.
“Yeah, but don't open the door, I'm afraid he'll run away,” I said.
“Oh he won't run away. He wants to be petted!” she said and unlocked the cage door. 
I opened my mouth to stop her as Pedro bolted out through the opening, leaped onto the floor and spurted through the kitchen door. Gone.
“I told you not to open it!” I said, shocked.
Rita raised her eyebrows, slightly amused by my tone. I ran after the hamster, quickly closing the house front door, hoping Pedro wasn’t out already. I kneeled on the floor, peeking under furniture. “Come, Pedro. Please. Come.”
Rita followed me, her stiletto heels tapping on the old wood. “Perhaps he'd understand Chinese or French?” 
I glanced at her, furious. Smiling, she went to the other room where Sam and Matt were testing a new design chair, just unwrapped from plastic. Evil bitch. And who wears black boots in June?
“It's awesome. It's sick,” Rita said.
Matt ran his hands over the chair like it was Dita Von Teese’s body. “Yeah, it's perfect. The shape is just perfect.”
“There aren't that many in the country?” Sam asked Rita.
She said, “No, the store had three, all were sold immediately. Immediately.”
“It's just stunning,” Sam said.
I stood up. “Matt, Pedro got out.”
“What?” he asked, studying the back of the chair.
“Pedro got out. Keep all the doors closed.”
“Okay,” Matt said, not really registering anything I said. 
I turned to Rita. “Do you want to try to help me find him?” 
“I don’t think it likes me,” she said, smirking.
“Wow, you let him out and now it's just my problem?” I said.
“Oh, come on Emily, where could a hamster go? It's somewhere here and it'll come back,” Matt said. “The Harpers must set it free all the time.”
Pissed off, I moved to the hall. “Pedro, come.” I looked under the drawer chest and in the umbrella stand, everywhere, even in the closet. When I turned around I saw Sam had followed me.
“They always come back when they want food,” he said.
“I hope so,” I said, so frustrated I had to wipe away a tear. What if I never found Pedro again? I looked behind the closet door though I knew it was too narrow a space for even a hamster to hide.
Moving fast, Sam stepped closer and scooped one arm around my waist and pulled me against his body as if to kiss me. I turned my head away and his lips brushed my ear.
“What — don't —” I gasped, pushing him away, completely ambushed. I stepped back, tumbling into the coat rack. I stomped on something soft. Horrified it might be Pedro, I yelped. It was my reusable shopping bag, wadded into a tight ball. Trying to find my balance, I turned to look at Sam. He laughed a little and started walking away.
“What are you doing!” I said.
“What?” Sam said, turning back just briefly, a strange expression on his face. “What?”
“What was that?” I said.
He looked at me, spiteful. “What do you think? Just trying to help you move the furniture. God, don't be such a girl.”
I stood there, stunned. He glanced at me once more, shaking his head a little as if I were a total lunatic. But they were all crazy, not me! What the hell was wrong with everybody? I could now hear Sam discussing the stupid chair with Matt and Rita as if he had never left the room. Marissa was perhaps nuts, but Rita and Sam were worse because they were malicious.
I walked back to the kitchen and filled a glass with water and drank it slowly. 
An hour later, when Sam and Rita were gone, I decided to tell Matt about the weird encounter. But then I couldn't. Because I had started thinking Sam did it so that I would tell Matt, making a real fool of myself. Sam would roll and roll his eyes and say, “Who me? Kiss her? What?” 
I felt oddly exposed, as if the house didn't have a roof. And then I started thinking I had just twisted nothing into something in my head. Sam had moved closer, I had turned at the same time, his hand had happened to touch my waist and his lips my earlobe — we could have just laughed about it. Except the way he looked at me right after: like you look at someone you want to slap. 

At 6 that evening I was still waiting for Pedro to appear. I moved a small bookshelf in the living room. “Pedro? Pedro, come.”
“He'll come when he gets hungry,” Matt said. He was absorbed in a book, completely carefree, which annoyed me.
“He might not, he'll eat some terrible insulation material in between the walls and die. What will we say to the Harpers? ‘Sorry, we killed your hamster, the very first day we —’”
“Oh, come on, Emily,” Matt said.
“Rita, a stupid self-centered ass,” I said. “How come you’re friends with someone like that?”
“She might be a bitch but she’s brilliant,” Matt said.
“How brilliant is it to open a hamster’s cage when someone especially asks you not to do it!”
“You need to learn to speak louder,” Matt said.
I would have screamed but I didn’t want to scare Pedro. I stared at Matt, incensed. “Today I think Sam tried to kiss me,” I said.
Matt looked up from the book.
“When I was looking for Pedro. In the hall. He moved closer in a weird way and… I think he tried to kiss me.”
“Really?” he said.
I couldn't figure out his thoughts. “I think so. I can't understand why.”
“You're not his type,” he said.
“Well, I have no idea what his type is, so I'm not going to argue about that,” I said. Was it so incredible someone might actually fancy me?
“What should I do about it?” Matt said, suddenly confused, like someone not familiar with cars hearing very bad news about the engine of his. He almost never responded to anything like I expected. And because he was so lost, my anger melted.
“I don't think you should do anything about it,” I said, shrugging. “You know what — I think I'm mistaken.”
“Hmh,” Matt said. 
“I really think I'm mistaken,” I said — and I was now convinced that I was. “It was just so confusing; we were in the hall and it was tight and I stepped on something and…”
He put his book away and stood up, stepped up to me and lifted my chin with his hand. “It’ll be okay. The hamster will come back.” He kissed me. “We’ll eat dinner on the floor, a picnic - he’ll become curious… we'll set a small white tablecloth just for him.”
I smiled a little.
“It’ll be okay,” Matt said.
A little later I tried to call Heidi but she didn't pick up. I texted her about Pedro and Sam. “Oh no!” she texted back. “Call you back soon, x!”
I didn't hear from her that evening though, but I thought she had a late class, the nights were getting light.

The next day, Monday, after lunch, I sat down in the old rusty garden chair with a good mystery novel. I had left carrots and small pyramids of hamster food on the floor, hoping Pedro would show up if the house was very quiet. 
The sky was overcast, that strange shade of gray and mauve, the color of wrapping paper in Asian markets. Soon I was asleep, the paperback on my belly. Distant thunder groaned. I opened my eyes wide, confused for a moment. Thunder roared again, and I jumped to my feet and sprinted into the house.
Rain streaked the windows. Matt, upstairs, removed old wallpaper in what would be the guest bedroom. I lay on the living room floor on my belly, searching for Pedro while talking to Heidi on the phone. I had told her about the weird encounter with Sam.
“What did Matt say?” Heidi asked.
“He didn't really say anything,” I said.
“Why?”
“You know, I didn't really want to discuss it with him. Like I said, I felt so stupid. I probably just misunderstood.”
“No you didn't. Sam has a crush on you and tried to kiss you. And when he realized you were not exactly into it he got mad and quickly made you feel like a fool.”
“I don't know…”
“Don't you feel weird about it?”
“Of course I do!”
“I mean, that you can't discuss it with Matt?”
“Of course I can! It's just that…” And then I said nothing, my thoughts all tangled like a wool sweater, unraveling.
“Hello? Calling Earth,” Heidi said after a moment.
“I just didn't feel like discussing it with him,” I said, growing more and more irate.
“Why are you so scared of Matt?”
“I'm not! I'm not 'scared' of Matt —”
“Okay.”
We both paused. “So, did you hear from Henry?” I asked then, wanting to make Heidi feel stupid too. Clearly Sam was onto something — I immediately felt better when I was the one attacking.
“We went golfing,” Heidi said. “He was very nice.”
“Right,” I said. “You promised to call me first,” I said.
“I'm calling you now. Sorry, I just didn't have time.”
“Okay.”
“He asked me about everything… about golf and stuff… I corrected his moves. And we just chatted, and stopped for lunch on the way home. It was businesslike.”
“Uh-hum,” I said. This would not end well. “Please don't see him any more. Please Heidi. He's really bad news. I can sense it.”
“Well, he was quite gentlemanly and not really flirty at all. In fact I was a little disappointed!”
“Don't you see that's just his tactic? He is just playing you.”
“I don't mind if he is. I'm not looking for anything serious.”
“Yes you are! Just find someone else, please,” I said. “You're playing with fire.”
“Maybe I want to.”
Suddenly the Dream Mattress commercial popped on the TV. I stopped to see it.
“Their commercial is on right now,” I said.
“What?”
“Right now. The commercial where the Sandman comes. It's their store. How strange it's on right now when we talk. It's a bad omen.”
I could imagine her rolling her eyes. We both waited for the other one to say something. After a moment Heidi said, “Henry says he hasn't had as many affairs as Marissa thinks.”
“Oh, I understood you were all ‘businesslike?’” I said. 
“Well, we talked about their marriage —”
I interrupted, “’Not as many affairs as Marissa thinks’ — well, how many has he had, then? How can you believe him? Of course he's had a thousand million affairs!”
Heidi remained calm. “He just said that from the beginning they were not a good match but because of their sons he didn't want a divorce. But now that they're older —”
“I don't believe he's honest. Heidi. I'm sorry, I think he's completely unreliable. A textbook sociopath.”
“Well,” she said and took a deep breath.
“I don't want him to cause you heartache,” I said. When she said nothing, I said, “It seems that they both — they seem like such idiots. I don't personally know Henry, but Marissa has told me so much about him. She has taken so much crap from him.”
“Well, just because you sit together every evening talking about the weather — or nothing — doesn't mean you have a successful relationship, either.”
I was hurt. “Okay. Bye now,” I said. I put the phone away and stared at the wall. 
Matt appeared by the door. I was worried he had overheard the phone call, but he said, “I have to go get more wallpaper removal stuff.”
“Okay.”
“Need anything?”
“No, thanks.”
“Everything okay?”
“Just… Heidi's having this thing with this idiot guy,” I said.
He laughed. “What else is new? God — I don't want to know.” He waved and left. 
I almost called Heidi but then didn’t. I would let it cool; I would talk to her next week in the city over coffee.  
I went to the kitchen to get a box of crackers. Rustling the packaging loudly I called, “Pedro? Please Pedro, come back.”
There was tiny movement in the corner of my eye, not where I expected it. I turned, very slowly. Pedro crouched at the opening of a cardboard poster tube, staring at me with his apple-seed eyes, his whiskers moving wildly. I kneeled down, handing out a cracker. “Hi. Come here, Pedro. Come.”
He hesitated, then puttered closer and took the cracker. I scooped him up, utterly relieved. Moments later he was back in his cage, sleeping. Finally relaxed, I made a snack for myself. I would not have to lead the Harpers to a small grave when they returned.
Now that Pedro was safe, I started worrying about the sky again, looking through the kitchen window. Seemed like the storm was circling the area. 
I saw a car arriving, Cathy’s tiny vintage Fiat. I opened the door, glanced at the low gray sky. It would start raining again, any second now. 
Cathy got out of the car. “Hi! How's it going!”
“Hi! Great — what a nice surprise!” I hadn't seen her since the dinner in Philadelphia, and was happy to have someone in the house in case it started thundering.
 “I have those tile samples,” Cathy said and dragged a small but heavy suitcase from the back of the car.
 “Great! Come in quickly, it's already raining,” I said, walking down the stairs, a few fat drops plopping on top of my head. “Can I help you with that?”
“No, thanks, it's not as heavy as it looks, I just don't want to put it on the ground right here in the mud,” she said. “I had to use my good suitcase, no other bag was strong enough!”
We got up the stairs, just when the downpour showered the yard.
In the living room Cathy unzipped the suitcase, revealing piles of beautiful old tiles. “I brought a sample of every tile that I thought would be close enough,” she said, eyeing the fireplace. “I'm sure one of these will be just right.”
“Thank you so much,” I said. “This is great. Let's find the best matches and Matt can then decide the exact right one.” There was no way I would choose anything without him.
“Matt isn't at home?” Cathy asked.
“He just left for the paint store.”
Cathy studied the fireplace a little bit closer, then picked out a couple of sample tiles from the suitcase. “Both of these look almost exactly like the originals. They might be just the same. These came from a house built in the early twenties.”
“I'll hold them against the old tiles, you tell which one looks better from afar,” I said. I  noticed a bright green luggage tag shaped like a shamrock on her suitcase. “Oh, have you been to Dublin too?” I asked.
Cathy turned to me, her eyes startled. I stared at her, immediately knowing: Cathy had been in Ireland with Matt. 
“No,” she said.
“But you have been,” I said, pointing at the shamrock tag.
“Just… a while ago,” Cathy said.
But we both knew I had caught them. I felt sick. As if my ribs were punched in, I had to sit down.


Chapter 16

Twenty minutes later I sat on the sofa, my bags packed. Waiting, just like people do in melodramas. I heard Matt enter the front door. He paused in the hall, then walked in, slowly. He stopped by the door. I turned to see him and said, “Did Cathy call you? Did you rush home, mud splashing like in the movies? Probably not, why would you?”
“Emily, let me explain,” he said. He was very calm.
“No, don't. I don't really want an explanation.”
“Don't be like some dramatic child,” Matt said. “Let's discuss this like adults.”
I rose and took my bags and walked past him.
“Emily —”
“Shut up, Matt,” I said. I picked up Pedro in his cage and walked out.
I waited for a taxi on the porch, the hamster cage covered with a towel. There are about three taxis in Downingtown, so if you are in a hurry you better have booked them early. I had called one only ten minutes ago and prayed for it to come quickly.
“Come on, Emily,” Matt said, his voice tired. He stood in the hall, and I'm pretty sure he thought I wouldn't go. I saw the taxi approach and stepped off the porch and walked through the rain to the gate. I was by the car, when out of the blue a blinding white light flashed in my eyes, and just a fraction of a second later a hideous blast of thunder cracked the sky. The earth shook as if a missile had hit it. I stopped cold, all the blood draining from my arms. 
“Emily!” Matt shouted. “Just come back now!”
I hung onto Pedro's cage, paralyzed with fear. I wanted to run back in the house. The cab driver had rushed out to open the door for me. “Evening!” he said. He glanced at Matt and then took my bags. “Not very nice weather!”
“No,” I whispered and when I was able to move again I climbed in the cab.
Another peal of thunder shook the ground. I sat in the back seat, my eyes closed.
“You all right?” the driver asked me when we pulled onto the road.
“I'm just very scared of thunder,” I said, my lips so numb I could barely speak.
“Me too,” he grinned in the rearview mirror. “But in front of my kids I have to act brave. Or they make fun of me.”
I smiled a little but I wanted to cry. I think I did cry a little bit, but water dripping from my hair diluted my tears.

I had to wait an hour for the next train to the city. The storm was gone by then and the setting sun haloed the horizon powdery orange. It was strangely warm and the platform felt like the entrance to a steam room.
In the train I took off my wet coat and sat down, the cage on my lap, still wrapped in the towel so that Pedro would not panic. In the evening the passengers were different; youngsters going to a concert, couples going to theater, tourists; happily chatting people. My heart felt like a lump of hot coal. It was incredibly uncomfortable. During the two and a half hours I went through every moment I had spent together with Matt. Walks, dinners, movies, trips. People say they love you but it doesn't mean anything to them.


Chapter 17

The next morning, a cold cup of coffee in front of me, I stared at Matt’s face on the Skype screen. I was surprised he called me so soon. His usual tactic was to remain aloof until the other person, that means me, came around. “She told me a while ago she ‘cared’ for me and hoped for… well, just more than a friendship,” he said. “But I said you and I were firmly together.”
I waited for more.
“And she booked her trip ‘just as a friend.’ She said she would check out antique stores while I did the workshop. That she's lonely and just wants to travel together to have someone to have dinner with. Which I can understand of course. But apparently she was hoping for something romantic to happen, and when I declined she asked me not to tell you, she was so embarrassed. She was hoping we could all remain friends.” He waited for my response. He leaned back, his arms crossed.
“Okay,” I said. But I was not sure if I could believe him. And him sitting like that, impatient, as if he was slightly annoyed to have the ball in my corner, bothered me. “I’ll call you later in the week,” I said.
“You have to believe me,” Matt said.
I nodded and shut down the connection.
I called Heidi and told her everything that had happened and she told me to come over right away. 

An hour later I rang Heidi's doorbell. A woman with long dark hair opened the door. I apologized and turned to go. Obviously I had made a mistake, my mind was so fuzzy at the moment.
“Emily!”
I turned back. It was Heidi. She looked very different though, with lots of makeup and glossy coffee-colored hair. She was dressed more feminine than usual, in a floral wrap dress. She grinned, opened the door wide. I dragged myself in. “Don't tell me Henry likes brunettes,” I said, then regretted saying it.
Heidi, immediately irritated, closed the door. “I thought I looked pretty good!”
“You do look good —”
“I went to a really expensive hairdresser!”
“Yeah, the color is great. You look great. I'm sorry,” I said.
Heidi grabbed my arm, tried to cheer me up. “Come in, I made some tea. And I have —” She stopped. “Oops, my nail got torn in your cardigan!” She plucked a long artificial nail off my sleeve. 
“Can you play golf with those?” I asked.
“I haven't tried yet,” she said.
I sat by the kitchen table and watched Heidi pour hot water into our teacups. “I would like to believe Matt. But I'm not sure,” I said.
“I'm so sorry.” She sat down. “I’m really sorry, Emily.”
We sat in silence for a moment. I knew she would not offer any advice unless I asked. I wanted to ask if I should leave Matt. I took a cracker and ate it, the crunching sounding irritatingly loud in my ears. 
After I had asked Cathy about the Irish luggage tag and she had denied the trip, we had just stood there by the fireplace like two dummies. Then she said, “I better go now.” She walked out, leaving the suitcase and the tiles as they were, lying on the floor like a dead body.
“That's just awful,” Heidi said. “What are you going to do?”
“I don't know. I really don't know.”
We sat in silence. I couldn’t get over her new look. “Well, are you completely swept off your feet?” I asked.
“We have seen each other a few times, yeah,” she said, trying to ignore my tone. “Henry's really quite sweet.”
“Uh-hum,” I said. This was surreal. She had become a Stepford Wife. “What does that mean? Did you sleep with him?”
“Almost.”
“Almost?”
“Yeah.”
“What does that mean?” I asked.
“It got sort of heavy,” she said, not looking at me. “But no, I didn't sleep with him.”
“Good.”
“I really believe he'll get a divorce,” she said.
“Uh-hum.”
“I know you think I’m nuts,” she said.
“I do!” I said, “I think — I don’t know what to think! It’s Crazy Marissa’s husband, Heidi!”
“I know she’s crazy, but he really seems quite normal.”
“What — ‘quite normal?’” 
“Is anybody really 'normal' ever?” Heidi said.
I said, “Yeah, most people are, that’s why it’s called ‘normal,’ they act in a normal way —”
“He's about to come here right now, by the way,” Heidi said.
I jumped up on my feet. “What! What! The last person I want to see right now is goddamn Henry!”
“You'll have to meet him at some point,” Heidi said.
“I have already!” I said. “I have met him! And I don't like him!”
“You've met him once and all the rest you know about him you've heard from his wife, who's a nut job!”
“Yeah, and you know him so well — how long is it now, five days since you first met him? And already you look like that!”
“Like what?”
“Like a call girl! He's made you look trashy!”
Heidi gasped. “He hasn't done anything to me! I just had a haircut, that's all!”
“You're trying so hard!”
Heidi bit her lip, trying hard not to answer. I left.
Just when I stepped outside, Henry's black Audi pulled up to the curb. He got out, all perky in a tight shirt. He didn’t notice me. I walked away, quickly.

I got out of the supermarket. The day was warm and bright. My holiday had officially started. It was Tuesday, June 8.
I dragged myself back home and placed the shopping bag on the table next to Pedro’s cage. “Hi handsome,” I said. I dug out some mini carrots and handed one to Pedro and sat down to watch him eat. Very neatly, like a wood-chipper, he went through his food.
My phone rang. I pulled it out of my bag and glanced at the caller id. Matt. I put the phone on the table and let it ring. I felt strangely exhausted. I walked to the sofa and lifted my feet up on the arm rest like my grandmother used to do. I closed my eyes.  
I woke up when the front door opened and the familiar giggle echoed in the hall. Slightly dizzy, I sat up. Marissa and Justin could be heard walking to the kitchen, chatting.
I got up and walked to the kitchen. Marissa, just opening a bottle of cider, turned to see me, as did Justin. 
“Emily!” Marissa said. “I thought you were on a vacation?” 
“Sorry, I forgot to call you that I'm at home,” I said. “I mean here at home. Not in Downingtown —”
“It's always been so confusing to you where your home really is,” Marissa said and turned to Justin. “Justin, the first time we met, she —”
“Marissa, listen, this arrangement… I have to cancel it,” I said. “I need the apartment, at least right now.”
Instead of arguing, she nodded deeply and smiled. “Well, guess what: Henry and I decided to get a divorce!” she said.
I could not have been more stunned if she had told me she had joined Cirque du Soleil. She wrapped herself around Justin, her plump leg pinning his thighs. “I decided to be brave! I can't live without Justin. Really can't —” She kissed him with a loud smack and turned back to me. “And when I really, really thought about it I realized I want everything again! I want more kids! I want to live in a funny house somewhere fun! In the country! In some silly fixer-upper!”
Justin was flushed and smiling. I was speechless.
“What's that?” Marissa asked and approached the hamster cage.
“It's Pedro,” I said. “A hamster.”
“What's going on?” Marissa asked. “You look really terrible!”
“I had an argument with Matt. We might not be together any more,” I said.
“Oh? Well, sometimes it's just not a match!” she said. “I didn't mention Justin to Henry, he'd have a fit, he was already shocked enough, let him cool off.” She handed a glass of cider to Justin and me. “Let's celebrate!” 
“About the apartment —” I started.
“We already rented a flat!” Marissa said. “In the Village, this romantic little place! Only, I thought we could stay here until the end of the month?”
“Hmmm…” I said. “Like I said, I won't be going back to Downingtown.”
“Just book a holiday trip. Forget about everything!” Marissa suggested.
“Well —”
“Go to Bahamas! Mexico!” And with that Marissa toasted and drank, then grabbed Justin again. “We'll find a small funny house. And kids, we'll have ten! Ten, Justin!”
Justin nodded, beaming.
“I thought you didn’t want any more kids?” I said.
“I changed my mind,” Marissa said. “Totally changed my mind.” She tittered. “Justin deserves to experience all that's awful and wonderful that kids bring.”
I turned to Justin, about to say, run! My cell phone rang just that moment. “Excuse me.” I went to get it, relieved to get a break.
It was Heidi.
“Heidi, hi — please forgive me, everything I said —” I started.
“No, listen, Henry just left from here,” she said, sounding mildly alarmed. “Marissa has left him.”
“Yeah, I heard,” I said quietly.
“Oh? Well anyway, he was awfully weepy and upset… and it somehow really irritated me, and somehow I mentioned Justin and where they meet.”
I was horrified. “What!”
“Only because he imagined the whole divorce is his fault —”
“It is his fault!” I said.
“…so I just wanted to let him know Marissa is not actually innocent!”
“Please don't tell me you told him where I live!”
“No! Or maybe I happened to mention your street, and if they took Marissa's car he'll recognize it.”
“They're here already!”
And just then, outside on the street, a voice hollered, “Marissa!  Marissa! Marissa!”
I closed my eyes for a moment — Henry was here. This could not be happening. “I have to go, now,” I said and tossed the phone.
Marissa was already at the window. I stopped next to her and peeked out. Down on the street, Henry craned his neck to the windows and immediately spotted Marissa. His face twisted in fury. “Marissa! Open the door! Open it!”
“We have to open the door before he breaks it down,” Marissa said and ran to the hall. 
I ran after her, begging, “No, don't let him in!” I tried to grab her hand but she had already buzzed the door. I swear the whole house trembled when Henry yanked the door open and ran up the staircase.
“Why did you let him in!” I said. “Why!”
“Because he'd never stop making noise. Calm down, he's really harmless. He just likes to threaten,” Marissa said.
“No, I can't believe this!” I said. “You must all leave, now!”
“Calm down,” Marissa said, a smug little smile on her lips. 
I think she was looking forward to the battle. Henry’s footsteps stomped up the stairs. Soon the doorbell rang wildly. I said to Marissa, “Don't!”
Marissa pushed me aside and opened the door: Henry, bull-like, out of breath, stood behind it. 
“Don't make a scene here in the corridor,” Marissa hissed to Henry, grabbing him by his collar and yanking him in. “And you can only come in if you promise not to start a fight!”
Henry, chest heaving, raised his hands in a peaceful gesture. I stepped back. Henry walked in, shaking. Marissa closed the door and followed Henry to the living room. After a moment I followed. There would be a murder in the apartment. The furniture would be trashed and blood would splatter on the walls. The police would come and I would go to jail, unless I was killed in the bloodbath. 
Henry turned to Marissa. “Twenty years, Marissa? Twenty years and this is where we are?” he said, his voice a high-pitched whimper.
“Please don't fight in here!” I said.
Henry noticed Justin, who retreated. “You! Brat!” Henry hollered. “I'm gonna beat you up! Fucking gonna beat you up!” He started hopping, his fists up and ready.
“Henry!” Marissa said as if Justin and Henry were her two teenage sons.
“Please don't!” I said.
Skinny Justin had started hopping too, making a curious back and forth rocking move.
“…will kill you, you little shit!” Henry said.
Pedro rustled in his cage, terrified.
“Stop acting like that in front of Pedro!” I said.
Henry and Justin were circling each other.
“Come on!” Henry said. “Let’s have it, Jagger!”
“I warn you Henry, Justin does Krav Maga,” Marissa said in a calm tone.
“Hah!” Henry snorted and then he kicked at Justin. Justin yanked his upper body aside. There was a loud tearing sound and Henry glanced at his crotch: his pants were torn. “Goddamn it!”
“Justin, don't —” Marissa said, dashing forward.
But too late, Justin kicked and plonk! hit Henry on the chin. Henry flew back onto the floor, his head crashing into a small table.
“I warned you, Henry!” Marissa said, stepping over him. “I said don't start!”
“Can we stop this now! Stop fighting!” I said.
Henry, dizzy, climbed to his feet, holding his chin. He turned to Justin, “Do they teach you to kick people who are just trying to talk to you? Huh?”
Justin was still ready, moving around like a panther.
“How did you know we were here?” Marissa asked Henry.
Henry glanced at me. I hoped he wouldn’t mention Heidi. He turned back to Marissa. “I followed you!” he said. “Followed you and the teenager!” With a burst of angry energy he turned to face Justin and started hopping again. “You little goddamn fucking shit!”
“Please stop!” I said.
A voice said, “Hey!” 
Everyone turned to see, but I didn't have to. It was Matt. Now I turned slowly. Looking absolutely dumbfounded, Matt stepped closer, a huge bouquet of white roses in his hand. Henry, confused, attacked Matt, his fists like a windmill.
Marissa shouted, “Henry!”
I shouted, “Stop!”
Matt, in panic, started whipping Henry with the roses. Swish! Swish! Swish! the petals twirled in the air like turbulent snow. Henry cowered, moaning. “Ouch! Ouch!”
“Matt! Stop!” I said, trying to catch his arm.
Matt didn't stop. Henry backed away, the thorns scratching his arms. “Ouch! Ow! Stop! Stop!”
“Matt, don’t!” I said.
Matt, breathless, finally stopped and turned to stare at me. Henry straightened up and said, “What kind of person hits someone else with thorny fucking twigs?”
“Henry, you always have to blame someone else!” Marissa said.
Henry looked at Marissa. His lower lip started quivering. He fell down on his knees like a puppet without strings, his head in his hands, sobbing. “Marissa… please…”
“Oh, Henry…” Marissa sighed.
Matt and I looked at each other. I had no words. Matt put the flowers aside, turned and walked out.
“Matt, wait —” I said, rushing after him.
He didn’t wait, just quietly closed the door after him. I was bewildered. On the floor Marissa hugged Henry like a mother hugs a child hurt on a playground. Justin, by the kitchen door, stared at them.
I opened the door and ran after Matt.

Matt was sitting on the curb. I stopped next to him. “Matt, please forgive me I caused such a mess,” I said. “I'm so sorry.”
Matt sighed. I sat down. “Please forgive me,” I said again.
After a moment he put his arm over my shoulder. I leaned my head on his chest.


Chapter 18

That evening we drove back to Downingtown, Pedro in his cage on my lap. We didn’t talk about Marissa much. I told Matt she had already rented another place and would not need the apartment anymore, and that I had my keys back, and that was about all Matt wanted to hear. I tried to come up with another subject, but my mind was blank and weirdly gloomy like The Nap of Death painting, just a gray smudge on dull white. 
Matt seemed okay. He drove, quiet, in his thoughts, occasionally pointing out an interesting house or barn or what-have-you. We didn’t talk about Cathy either. I wasn’t sure I ever wanted to.
“How did Pedro like New York City?” Matt asked.
“I think he found it quite exciting,” I said. 
He smiled a little.
“Are we okay?” I asked.
“Yeah, we're okay,” Matt said. “Aren't we?” He touched my cheek lightly.
My phone rang. I didn't recognize the number but I picked up. Probably the super, telling me the neighbors had complained about the noise.
“Hi, it's Sam,” Sam's voice said.
“Hi,” I said, surprised. I didn't know he had my number.
“Is it a bad moment?”
“Er - you want to talk to Matt?” I said.
Matt glanced at me. 
“No, I want to talk to you,” Sam said.
I paused. “Okay,” I said then.
Sam paused. “I really like you.”
I gestured Matt to pull over.
“Emily?” Sam said.
“Yeah, I'm here,” I said. “Is that why you're always so mean to me?”
Sam laughed a little. “I guess so.”
Matt had stopped the car.
“Matt is right here,” I said.
“Oh —”
I handed the phone over to Matt, repulsed.
“Sam?” Matt said. “Why are you calling Emily?”
I heard Sam mumble something.
“What do you mean?” Matt said and opened the door and got out. He walked a few feet away. Sam was giving him a long speech, during which Matt said, “really?” and “oh yeah?” and another “really?” He seemed really angry. After a moment he said, “Everything's fine with Emily and me. Stay fucking out of it.” Calmly, he ended the call and sat back in the car. “Weirdo,” he said and handed me the phone. “If he calls again, don't pick up.”
“What was it? What did he say?”
“Just tried to…” He turned to look at me. “He said I'm not treating you well. Is that true?”
“No,” I said, still not understanding it all. Were they suddenly not friends anymore? Had I done something wrong?
“I guess he's in love with you,” Matt said. “But I love you more.” He leaned closer and kissed me, then started the car and pulled back on the road.
Everything started feeling very unreal to me. With the hamster cage on my lap, I stared at the road and the white strips running in the middle of it. Was this some bizarre plot to make me crazy?
“Did you guys have an argument or something?” I asked.
“No,” Matt said, sounding genuinely baffled. “I don't understand him any more than you do.”

When we got home Matt cooked dinner, and we ate outside, sitting on the front stairs watching the sunset, and everything felt good and almost normal again.
“We really need to get a garden table,” Matt said.
“What's wrong with this?” I said, patting the cracked stone.
“Nothing,” he said and laughed. Then he stopped and looked at me all serious and said, “Thank you for coming back. Thank you for believing me.”
What do you say to that? You're welcome?
I said, “Of course.”


Chapter 19

The next day I lay in the deck chair, keeping an eye on the thunderclouds mushrooming on the horizon. I was on the phone, chatting with Heidi. I told her about the fight in my apartment. She had already heard another version, of course, from Henry. In that version Henry was a tragic, comical hero.
“We're going to Costa Rica at the end of the month,” she announced.
That made me so worried I said nothing. 
Heidi laughed. “Don't sound so concerned.”
“Heidi —”
“He’s upset, of course, I understand —”
I interrupted her, “If you had seen the scene he caused at my place —”
“Yeah, he said Justin kicked him practically from one room to another! He was actually pretty impressed,” she said, laughing.
I wanted to scream. Costa Rica? In my mind’s eye I could see Heidi and Henry rolling on the white sand in slow motion, kissing… Marissa running toward them, a rifle in her hand. I shuddered.
Reading my mind, Heidi asked, “What do you think Marissa will say when she learns I'm seeing Henry?” 
“I don't know. I have no idea. She either gets furious or laughs — it's impossible to say.” I paused for a moment. Then I said, “Heidi, you yourself told me a while ago people never change.” 
“I just want to have fun,” she said. “For God's sake.”
“Trouble, that’s what you’ll get, not fun. Trouble, times a million.”
“I might have to go —” Heidi said. She was in the store and I heard her greet a customer. 
I waited. Heidi soon came back on, speaking quietly. “How's your Pennsylvania holiday going?”
“Well, we have painted and wallpapered two rooms already,” I said. “It looks a bit lighter and I guess I could even say cheerful. I put my foot down and got light yellow walls in the dining room.”
“Great. Sounds good.”
There was a clattering sound at her end. Heidi asked the customer, “Can I help you find something..?” 
“Are you Heidi?” I heard a woman’s voice ask. 
“Yeah,” Heidi said. “Hi, are you looking for a golf teacher?”
There was a pause and I pressed my ear to the phone to better hear what was going on.
“I know you're having a fling with Henry,” the woman said. “But you must stop seeing him. We're engaged.”
I gasped. Heidi said nothing. 
“Who the hell is that?” I whispered.
“I’ll get back to you,” Heidi said.
“Heidi —” 
“I’ll get back to you,” Heidi repeated and ended the call.
“Okay,’ I said, even though she wasn’t there anymore. I felt awful that I was so far away, and so sorry for her. 
All my fault.

Heidi called me half an hour later. Apparently the woman had “dated” Henry for two years. So much for Costa Rica and frolicking on the sugary sand.
“And I’m gonna punch him in the face,” Heidi said, furious.
“Oh no, just leave him alone!” I said.
“I might have to fill his car with pickled herring,” Heidi said.
I laughed, and she started laughing too. But then I heard her cry. 
“Oh, sweetie, don't cry,” I said.
“Why is there no one for me?”
“But there is —”
“No there isn't! I'm such an idiot!”
“No you're not —”
“I just wanted to have some fun!”
“I know,” I said.
“I feel so stupid!”
“Please don't feel stupid, it's just what happens in life —”
“It just happens to me more than anyone else! I'm stupid!”
“No you're not. You're great. You're lucky to be rid of him.”
After a while she said, “I know.”
I invited her to Downingtown but she couldn't cancel her classes. I told her to ask out the single father she had mentioned.
“I'm not sure I want to do that,” Heidi said, “not right now. I feel so foolish. Damn.”
But you are so lucky, I wanted to say again. Thank God it was all over now.

I placed Pedro's cage in a warm corner of the bedroom and told him we'd be right back. Matt and I were going out for dinner. We drove downtown, to Stella Rossa, a new Italian bistro. Matt had been right, Downingtown was getting trendier every day. Younger people were moving in and renovating buildings and opening interesting businesses. I started to feel that buying the house had been a smart move after all.
This time the atmosphere was romantic. The air had cleared, almost by itself. I didn't need to talk about Cathy. I felt sorry for her.
Matt poured wine for both of us and smiled at me. He said, “You know… remember Paul the octopus, who —” 
“Oh, please don't,” I said.
We laughed. Just then the sky suddenly flashed with lightning. Two seconds later the angry rattle of thunder followed. My hand jolted so that a cherry tomato fell off my fork. The skin on my back became clammy. Matt put his hand on mine. “It won't hit us. It won't.”
I grimaced, trying not to be scared. 
“It’s just two fluffy clouds smashing into each other,” Matt said. “How dangerous can that be?”
I could have told him how dangerous. There are over a billion lightning flashes on earth every year — sooner or later one of them would strike me and char my body to a human-shaped blob of coal. Matt leaned over the table and touched my cheek, then kissed me. “I missed you,” he said. He kissed me again. “I really did. I’m glad you won’t be going to the city for a while.”
I nodded and smiled, my heart sitting an inch higher suddenly. The storm moved along very fast and the staff started wiping the terrace seating.
“Want to sit outside?” I asked Matt.
“Sure.”

Around 9:30 we were back at the house. The yard was soaked; the storm must have swept right over the house just minutes ago. 
Inside, Matt flicked the light switch in the hall, but nothing happened. “Oh, damn it,” he said.
I moved to another room, tried another switch. No electricity.
“Well,” Matt sighed, “do we need power tonight?”
“The freezer will melt,” I said.
“Let the freezer melt,” Matt said and moved closer. He embraced me. “The electrician can come tomorrow…”
I laughed. We kissed. It was all very exciting in the dark.  
“Wait —” I sniffed the air. A faint scent of burning paper. “There's smoke!” I said.
Matt, worried, walked up the stairs and I followed him. In the bedroom there was a small fire around the wall socket, crackling, licking the edges of the new curtain and Matt's new chair. 
“Shit!” Matt grabbed the bed cover, started trying to smother the flames. Pedro, panicking in his cage, hopped around, fluffing up his bedding.
The fire gulped the corner of the curtain and rose fast.
“The hamster!” I said. “Pedro —”
“Go get the extinguisher! Call 911!”
“Yeah, but take Pedro!” I said.
“Go! Call 911!” Matt said.
I ran downstairs to get my phone. I grabbed the extinguisher in the kitchen, simultaneously dialing 911. I gave the operator my name and our address and ran back upstairs. Matt, on the landing, was dragging his designer chair out of the room.
“The hamster!” I said. “Where's Pedro?”
“We'll get him! Help —” Matt said, descending the narrow stairs, gesturing for me to take the other end of the chair. Stunned, immediately livid, I pushed Matt aside. He lost his footing and tumbled down the stairs, rolling like someone inside a dryer, finally stopping at the end of the stairs, the chair landing on top of him.
“Ouch — damn it!” he said, crawling up.
“I said take the hamster, you idiot!” I was already back in the smoky room. Bitter air burned my nostrils. I sprayed the worst of the flames and fumbled for the cage. With Pedro under my arm I ran out.

Three fire engines were parked in front of the house. The blackened upstairs window was still being hosed with water. The firemen chatted, pointing and nodding at the house and the charred wood. One of them walked on the roof, kicking off toasted bits. The fire had burned the whole bedroom and most of the attic.
I sat on a rock, the hamster cage next to me. Pedro was okay, curled up into a ball, sleeping. Matt, his face blackened and tired, sat down next to me. I refused to look at him.
“All right, I'm sorry I didn't take the hamster first,” he said after a moment.
“Right. You'd never understand the hamster is more important than the whole house!” I said. “Don't you understand?”
A few firemen glanced at us.
“Can we discuss this later like adults?” Matt asked, quietly.
“No. I don't want to be here any more, the last person in the electrical line. I'm moving out,” I said.
Matt stared at me. I turned to look at him. I really meant it. He looked almost amused. “You'd forgive infidelity but not this?” he said.
That took me by surprise. What a fool I had been. I really had believed him. Matt turned to look away.
I said, “You said nothing happened.”
Matt said nothing, staring ahead slightly bored as if I were a child. I rose and took the cage, moved ten feet away from him and sat down again. I felt cold inside, nothing else. 
I saw a crowd from the corner of my eye. It was the Harper family, emerging from their minibus-sized car. They stared at our burned house in shock.
I got up and carried Pedro to the family. “Welcome back,” I said. “Pedro is okay.”
They all stared at me. “Are you okay?” Paula asked me, taking the cage.
“Perfectly okay.”
“Your house is on fire,” Paula's husband said.
I said, “Not anymore. How was your trip?”

The next morning I sat in the train. I could already see the skyline of the city, a deep blue cutout against the light blue sky. After a moment the train dived into a tunnel and seemed to speed up. Tiny lights ran past the window which had now become a mirror. Reflected on it, I could see a woman and a little girl on the seats across the aisle. The girl, looking bored, rested her crossed arms on the windowsill and her chin on her arms. After a moment she turned away from the window. “What is there to do in the city?” she asked her mother.
“Well, I could list all the things, but how about we simply go and see as much as we can?” the woman said. “Then, in the evening, you can tell me what the very best thing was.”
“Okay,” the girl said, not convinced.
You just wait, I thought. There’s nothing like the city. My heart felt light — when we emerged from the tunnel it felt as if it was me lifting the whole train. People and escalators and candy machines and colorful ads on the platform swept past the window, slowing down. 
“Penn Station, New York, final stop,” the loudspeaker announced. 
I took my bags and started out. On the platform I took my phone and called Heidi.
“Hi!” she said. “Are you back?”
“Yeah!” I said. “I'm back.”
“Have late lunch in the park?”
“Sounds great,” I said. “Let me just take my stuff home first.”
“Okay. Need help?”
“No, thanks. I travel lightly,” I said.
“Okay. One-thirty at Bethesda?”
“Okay.”
“By the way, I asked that single father out for coffee,” Heidi said.
“Oh yeah?”
“We went to a really nice coffee shop in Battery Park.”
“Really? And..?”
“I'll tell you everything over lunch,” Heidi said.
I couldn't wait.

****


Thank you for reading So Good to See You! 

Please review the book!

*

Also by the same author

Ugly Daughter and Other Stories
Smile and Other Twisted Tales
Love and Sleep
Mantis

*

Visit Smashwords
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/venla

