
Out of Texas 2
Chariots of the Texans
By James Hold

Copyright 2013 James Roy Hold
Smashwords Edition, License Notes: 
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com where they can also discover works by this author. Thank you for your support.

The following text is an improved version of Part Two of OUT OF TEXAS, originally published by iUniverse, Inc, 2004, ISBN 0-595-32706-0.
All persons and places parodied herein are in the spirit of fun with no malice intended. 
Except for the stuff about Dallas. Them I really don't like.
While making occasional use of song titles and lyrics as chapter headings, it is not this author's intent to infringe upon copyrights or to deny anyone their due. Rather it is to promote interest for those readers unfamiliar with the artists presented. So please, no lawsuits; okay?

CONTENTS
Chariots of the Texans 
A Chink in the Armor 


Everybody loves somebody sometime.
The gaunt-faced grappler was no exception. 


CHARIOTS OF THE TEXANS
"Now you are strangers and aliens no longer..."
Genesis 37:1
Introduction
A nice thing about living in the Great State of Texas is you don't have to make up stuff to impress people with how magnificent it is. When you're the richest oil-producing nation on Earth, whose land mass covers half a continent, the facts speak for themself. Yet Texans prefer to downplay such things, keeping outside tourism to a minimum—not to hog it for themselves, but to spare visitors the inevitable feeling of shame and inferiority that'd overtake them on returning home. 
Texans are humble that way. In fact, Texans are so proud of their humility, they have a town named "Humble" just to remind everyone of it. Such innate modesty makes a man admit he doesn't know everything and thus take a common-sense approach toward things like science and religion.1 
Most men anyway. There are always exceptions.
It was seventy years ago that famed explorer Terry Funt of Amarillo led an expedition into the heart of the Big Band, a remote unexplored region of the southwest between Salineno and Hidalgo. Difficult to locate and of disputed ownership—Texas says it belongs to the Republic of Mexico; Mexico says it belongs to the Great State of Texas—it goes unlisted on the most authoritative of tour books, Walt's Across Texas. The only reported access this side of the Rio Grande is from a place called Santa Huerta—wherever that is. And unlike the rest of southwest Texas, which is hot dry desert, the Big Band region is said to resemble a South American jungle. Of course, what's really there is anybody's guess as it's never been fully explored. Anyway, getting back to Mr Funt, he encountered many hardships along the way, including the death of his wife Eleanor. Lost, confused, and disoriented, he stumbled back to civilization vowing never to repeat the attempt.
"What was he looking for?" asked the Mongolian Mauler.
"Let's see," said Raas. The STW wrestlers formed a semi-circle on the floor around him, waiting in wide-eyed wonder as the roly-poly raconteur consulted the picture book on his lap. "Funt was attempting to retrace the steps of a wondering Jewish missionary named Moses Horowitz who, in the late 1800s, claimed to have discovered a lost tribe in a part of the Big Band he called the Lost Valley."
In addition to the wrestlers, a blue-eyed cat listened from the windowsill. The scrawny stray, all bone and gristle, was such a fixture around the office that nobody took notice of it.
Terry "the Riot" Theriot raised his hand. "Where is this Lost Valley, Mr Raas?"
Raas smiled down at his charges. "If we knew that, Terry, it wouldn't be lost, now would it?"
"What's the big deal anyway?" asked Matt the Rat.
"It's Big Band, not big deal," Raas corrected him.
"I mean, why the sudden interest?"
"Because"—Raas lowered his voice to a sepulchral whisper—"the gaunt-faced grappler has a Rendezvous with Death!"
A collective gasp of inheld breaths sucked the air from the room, the sudden vacuum pulling the lazing cat off its window perch. The animal scrambled to regain its footing, giving all an indignant look. Again, not that anyone noticed.
Raas smiled, and explained how the "Renzezvous with Death" thing wasn't all that dramatic. H Ellen Pea at the Power Company had contacted the STW office requesting the runty rudo accompany their representative, Ms Ripley Weaver, aka Dr Death, on an expedition to the Big Band to investigate the theories of Erik Von Fritz, publisher of the Iron Claw of Destiny newsletter, as to the extraterrestrial origins of life on Texas. 
Lex Icon took a break from flexing his pecs long enough to ask, "Didn't he also write Cheroots of the Gods, explaining how tobacco was brought here by aliens from outer space?"
Hammond Eggar added: "I hear he's some kind of kook."
"He is," Raas conceded. "I attended one of his lectures. It was so awful, everyone left after the first ten minutes."
"How come you stayed, Mr Raas?"
"I had to. I was the next speaker."
Part One
A waxing crescent moon cast a sideways smile on an open field, idly observing a small Volkswagen doodle down a dusty road. The field was badly in need of mowing and the road had Dandelion weeds poking through it. The car made for a small trailer home and pulled up with a jerk; after which the jerk got out and strolled to the edge of a gravel pathway.
There was an air of Teutonic superiority about the man. Or maybe it was just the reek of his pipe tobacco. Then again, it could have been something else entirely as, glancing down, he saw he'd stepped in something. 
"Dog shit," he muttered.
Taking hold of the wooden porch rail, he wiped his shoe on the grass, pausing as he did to study the sky. He'd been "spending hard his days in toil, burning late the midnight oil" investigating strange lights on the north side of town. "Out near the airport," he noted significantly. A small blue-eyed Siamese lying on the porch seemed to nod in agreement. The man took a final puff of his pipe, and then marched with superior purpose to the trailer door. 
It inched open at his knock, revealing a tall beautiful woman in dark sunshades. "Quick, Erik," she hurried him inside, "someone might see you."
"Jawohl!" he krauted, as she led him to the sofa. 
The cat followed.
They were a disparate couple, Erik Von Fritz and Ripley Weaver; he being a chunky fellow with a penchant for tropical suits and straw hats, while she was tall—very tall—and favored short skirts that showed a lot of leg when she sat down. The cat, a wiry thing of bone and gristle, appeared to favor them also as it gazed longingly at her lap. 
"Don't even think about it," she warned.
Erik scratched the animal behind the ears, waiting as the TV warmed up. He delighted in the idea of clandestine meetings in dark, smoke-filled rooms. Ripley reminded him the room was dark because it was night, smoke-filled because it was parked near a trash incinerator, and the only reason it was clandestine was because she didn't want anyone to know how broke they were.
Adjusting the rabbit ears, she tuned in KBFD-TV as it wrapped up the evening news:
"...a holdup at the site of the city's annual barbershop quartet convention. Witnesses describe the perpetrator as a white male wearing a striped shirt with garters and sporting a large handlebar moustache. HPD officers expect to make quick progress on the case as they already have eight hundred suspects in custody.
"Meanwhile, roomers went flying following an explosion at a boarding house outside Sugar Land. The blast was caused when a farm animal broke into a nearby demolition company's store of dynamite and began consuming vast quantities of TNT until the animal's natural digestive process sparked the detonation. Investigators describe the situation as 'abominable.'
"Finally, in an effort to reintroduce the death penalty into the state penal system, while appeasing detractors who claim it is a cruel and inhumane form of punishment, the Department of Corrections has announced it will consider replacing the electric chair with a microwave sofa."
Ripley turned to Erik and sighed. "I was hoping there'd be some news about us." 
"Don't vorry." he smiled. "Soon the vorld vill talk of nutzing else."
The newscast over, station KBFD aired that immortal holiday classic, It's a Life? Wonderful! As every school child remembers, the movie tells of an angel sent from Heaven to prevent a man from committing suicide by showing how others would have been affected had he not existed. Only the man learns nothing has been altered one way or the other, so he logically concludes he must never have existed in the first place and Poofs out of existence. This touches the angel who, if he's spent an entire movie with someone who never existed, must not exist either. So the angel too Poofs out of existence, causing a chain reaction where the entire Universe Poofs out of existence. The Houston Critical gave it a four (non-existent) star rating.
The cat sat between them, its tail brushing Ripley's leg. 
"Erik, would you please put that animal out? I'm not in a mood for having my legs pawed."
It was understandable, considering all she'd been through. 
Earlier that day, at the Power Company, H Ellen Pea, the girl with jet-black hair and a black heart to match, had met with Ripley and Erik. "You're the new Dr Death," she addressed her. It wasn't a name but a job title: Data Researcher Documenting Everything About Texas History.
"Yes ma'am," Ripley replied evenly. Her eyes were hidden behind dark prescription lenses, making it impossible to gauge what she was thinking. "I took over when Mr Williams retired." She smiled, sensing an opportunity. "And I really want to say how much I—" 
Ellen cut her off. "To be perfectly honest, Ms Weaver, I don't see the need for such a position within the Company beyond an occasional public relations effort." 
The words cut Ripley to the quick. She was far taller than H Ellen Pea, yet she felt like a child in her presence. 
"I'm sorry," Ellen apologized evenly. "I'm only being frank. As head trouble-shooter with the Power Company's Accounting Department, I like to see funds dispensed efficiently and with the greatest return."
Ripley already knew this. However Ripley was ambitious, and it was with covetous eyes that she regarded the department logo on Ellen's sleeve—a clenched fist squeezing a turnip with little drops of blood coming out of it. It was far more impressive than Ripley's—a closed book with a pile of dust on top—and everyone in the company knew it.
She needed something big to prove herself. And Erik had come through. 
His argument during the interview had been a masterpiece of logic: 
"Did you know," Erik began, "zat in 1903, a 1500-pound meteorite vas discovered in Reeves county? A meteor estimated to be more zan 4.5 billion years old?" 
Yes, Ellen nodded, any school child knew that. Even the scrawny cat in the window knew it.
"Well then," Erik resumed, "doesn't it stand to reason that if a stupid rock can find its way here, intelligent beings from other planets should do so as well?" 
It was a tough statement to challenge. Still H Ellen Pea remained skeptical. While conceding alien life itself may be possible, the development of both intelligence and a usable technology was not a given. In the end however, she approved the undertaking, provided they take J-man, the aforementioned gaunt-faced grappler, with them. 
It was a stipulation Erik readily accepted.
"I don't understand your interest in that guy." Ripley interrupted the flashback while Erik let the cat out. "He's just some bony runt who gets under peoples skin."
Had either of them been more observant, they might have noticed a resemblance between this blue-eyed cat and the one from Ripley's office window. But then, so many cats look alike. And anyway, Ripley was anxious to resume her flashback.
She recalled how the "bony runt" had appeared out of nowhere...
"Yer Elmer Von Fritz, right?" said the small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes. He too wore glasses, only they were of the unshaded, wire-rim variety.
"It's Erik," the kraut corrected.
"An' yer his desperate girlfriend," he addressed Ripley.
"It's disparate!"
"Whutever."
...then, rather than listen to Erik's theory, stared at the way Ripley's skirt rode up her legs...
"Do you mind?" Erik scolded. "Ms Weaver is my fiancée, you know."
"Sorry," the runt apologized. "Did ya hear bout th' Jamaicans who wuz joined in holy dreadlock?"
...while she, in turn, shot dirty looks over her sunshades; looks which, if directed upward, would have burned holes in the ozone. 
Finally, when Ellen, in a parting shot, criticized Erik's "ancient aliens" theory for assuming other cultures too backward to accomplish things on their own...
"Are you saying I'm a racist?"
...the gaunt-faced grappler shrugged his shoulders and said, "Well, ya are a kraut."
Erik Von Fritz smiled his superior smile, sucked his superior pipe, and reminisced in his superior mind. The self-described autodidact2 had experienced much hardship in his struggle for acceptance. 
For example, he'd long suspected the asphalt along Highway 90-A contained radioactive elements that caused him, a law abiding citizen, to drive above the posted speed limit. Although he'd yet to met a traffic cop who'd believe him. 
And what was the deal with that Astrodome? Nobody ever heard of it before 1965, yet there it stood like some deflated pyramid. And why was the parking lot always so crowded? Especially in summer? Someday he'd have to look into it.
Only he had to be careful. Why just the other day some guy in a cowboy hat had said, "Howdy neighbor." Yeah, right; like he couldn't see how strongly a cowboy hat resembled a flying saucer. 
The proof was all about, if only one took the time to look for it. 
Take that large marble structure the locals called the San Jacinto Monument. There it stood, in the middle of a large field, a pinnacle pointing straight to the heavens. No one knew how it got there. At least he didn't. Erik suspected it was a matter teleportation device, and proved it by leaving a wallet filled with cash on the steps of the building. Sure enough, the wallet disappeared the moment he turned his back on it. But would anyone listen when he reported his findings?3 
Then along came Ripley to share his universe; a universe filled with mystery. Who knows why flowers open in the morning or wolves howl at night? How did all things come about and what is our purpose here? Maybe now he'd get some real answers. With the backing of the Power Company, and a woman who believed in him, he'd make his mark. 
And the gaunt-faced grappler was his ace-in-the-hole.
"Don't you see?" Erik addressed Ripley with his superior voice. "The kid's a complete mystery. We know nothing about him." He dropped the accent, it being but a gimmick he used on the public. "Here we have a person the world calls 'J-man,' yet have you noticed how he, himself, never uses that name?"
"Say, you're right," Ripley replied. "And he didn't answer when you asked what the 'J' stood for."
"Exactly. Hence logic says the 'J' doesn't stand for anything."
"Of course, it could be he didn't hear you."
"Really, dear; he'd have to be deaf in one ear not to have heard me."
"So he's covering up. Only what?"
"For starters, that he's related to Bigfoot."
"Bigfoot Wallace? The famous Indian fighter who served in the Texas Revolution?"
Erik shook his head. "Never heard of him. No, Bigfoot as in Yeti. Sasquatch. Mapinguari."
"The Abominable Snowman?" Ripley looked puzzled. "How do you figure that?"
"Look at his feet."
"His feet?"
"Yes, his feet. They're enormous. Now it's my contention Texas was settled by Venusians who left their dying planet and settled here because of its hot climate. And, as there's a known link between Bigfoot and UFOs, it's simply a matter of connecting the dots: J-man to Bigfoot, Bigfoot to UFOs, and UFOs to Venus."
"You have proof, right?"
It was a silly question, which elicited an even more superior smile.
"I have here the pad he scribbled on when first arriving at STW."4
"Oh? How'd you get it?"
"That's not important. Now, people assumed the mark was a lower-case 'j;' hence 'J-man'. Yet a school child can see it's not a 'j' at all but a sun with two planets round it, the second obviously Venus." 
Ripley examined the paper, turning it side to side. All she said was: "The ink's smeared." 
"I know, but if you tilt it like this..."
"Oh yeah, now I see it. You must've had lots of experience doing this."
"Trust me; I spent half my life with people showing me ink blots and asking me to interpret them."
"And this proves J-man is an alien?"
"It's as plain as the thumbs on a fish."
"But Erik, I don't understand; why have a conspiracy about it?"
Erik smiled, a superior, indulgent smile; and patted Ripley gently on the knee. The cat, watching through the window, was jealous. 
"That's easy," Erik explained. "What's the one thing that strikes fear into the heart of a Texan?"
Ripley thought it over. 
"A Yankee with a U-haul?" she asked.
"The second thing then."
"Um...in-laws from Dallas?"
"Yes, yes, that too. But it's also the fear of losing its mystique. Remember how Texans panicked when Alaska claimed to be bigger than them?"
"But that's just a cartographer's trick; the same way Greenland looks larger than Australia. Texas is way bigger than Alaska."
"True, it was all a hoax; but they panicked nonetheless. And if it were ever proven Texas is not a natural paradise but owes its mysterious beauty to the fact of its unearthly origin... You can imagine the damage it would bring about. Still, the truth must be told."
"So what do you hope to accomplish?"
"Well," Erik raised Ripley's hand to his lips, "I thought maybe you and I could—"
"I mean about the expedition."
"Oh, that. Well, first off, I truly believe there's a lost tribe in the Big Band we can find by retracing the Terry Funt expedition. B, it's likely this J-man, being an extraterrestrial, knows about it and can lead us there. And three, it will give us a chance to observe him closely, without doing his usual trick of disappearing into the ether."
"You're really sure about him?"
"Yes, I am! Remember, next time you see him, look at his feet."
"His feet?"
"His feet."
A brief silence ensued while Ripley studied the paper some more.
"You know, Erik, how you say this shows the sun circled by two planets? If you look at it again... here, this way... it could be a single planet with two rings."
"Eh? Let me see. My goodness! Ripley, do you realize what this means? Venus at one time possessed rings! Till now, it was believed only large gaseous planets had them. If this is true, all the textbooks will have to be re-written! The entire world of science will owe us a debt of gratitude!"
"Oh, Erik; just think. Fleming discovered penicillin in bread mold—"
"Never heard of him."
"—while you and I have found the universe in a scrap of paper."
They hit the hay and Erik soon slept. Ripley lay watching spider-like shadows walk the wall, thinking how disappointed Erik would be when the gaunt-faced grappler failed to show up for tomorrow's departure. 
"Oh gee, did I say be there at six o'clock? I meant five." 
Mysterious or not, the runt was a friend of H Ellen Pea, and there was no way Ripley was going to let her take credit for what they discovered. And so she fell asleep, dreaming of fame and glory, while outside, the cat, all bone and gristle, hopped down from the steps and faded in the night.
Part Two
Jon Raas scrunched over a legal pad. Lines of concentration etched his forehead as he put words to paper, carefully crafting phrases, scratching out and rewriting until he'd gotten it just right.
Gordon Paul stuck his head around the corner. "Hurry up, Raas, you're missing the sing-along."
The STW wrestling promotion was closing shop for the Thanksgiving-Christmas holidays; the Great State of Texas not being as comercially-oriented as other places. For this reason they were having their party at the conclusion of that night's matches. 
"Be right there," Raas replied. "Had to finish this. You know how it is when inspiration strikes: you got to get it down before you lose it."
As far as Gordon was concerned, Raas had lost it a long time ago, and of all the things his assistant had ever been struck by, inspiration was the least likely. But seeing as it was nearing Advent, he made an extra effort to be charitable.
"Working on your twelve-volume history of pro wrestling?"
"No," said Raas, "I've put it aside for now. The research got to be a bit expensive."
"Afraid I can't help there," Gordon comiserated. "We run a tight ship. And I just signed Dave the Plague to start next year."
"By the way, a letter came for you this morning." Raas had forgotten all about it and was using it as a coaster. He hoped Gordon wouldn't notice.
"What's this? The envelope's wet."
"Really?" Raas pretended innocence. "Must be postage dew."
Gordon Paul shook his head, trying to maintain his cheerful mood. "So you were saying?"
"I was? Oh, yeah. I decided to augment my income with a series of short, high impact novels."
"Oh? How're you doing?"
"I'm fine. How are you?"
"I mean how are you doing on your novels?"
"Great! I've written four so far."
"You finished four novels? How long did it take?"
"Just now."
"You wrote four novels in the space of—"
"Want to read them? They're all here on this pad."
Now Gordon was intrigued. "Four novels...on one sheet of paper?"
"You know how editors are about word counts."
Curious what his assistant had come up with, Gordon took the notepad and read. True to his word, the novels were indeed short, yet high impact. Better still, they captured the essence of the artist's vision as few others could. They were:
The Yellow Band. What can I say? Musicians aren't known for their bravery.
Curse of the Mummy. "Dammit Junior, just wait till your father gets home!"
The Lone Tiger. "And if, at the end of six months, you fail to pay back the entire amount, my cat will scratch your eyes out."
The Black Dragon. "Yo man, pick it up."
"What do you think?" Raas looked at Gordon with puppy-dog anticipation.
Gordon's eyes traveled back-and-forth from Raas to the paper. "You've definitely dispensed with all the non-essential elements most authors use to pad their work." He handed it back. "Should make an interesting movie."
Raas was dreamy eyed. "I'll insist they cast unknowns; give some aspiring new-comer a chance."
Gordon suddenly felt awkward. "Stay a minute," he excused himself, then returned with a book. "Present for you."
"Oh, wow! The Search for Self by RU Dare. Just what I always wanted."
Gordon shrugged, "Yeah, well I know how you like to read..." and trailed off to an uneasy silence.
Now it was Raas' turn to feel guilty. Earlier that day Gordon had gone to see a heart specialist and Raas told his wife Jenny they were just refilling the ice trays. Jenny in turn scolded his flippancy, telling him of an article she'd read in the New Ulm Journal of Medicine saying most people who die from heart attacks never recover.
"So, how are you feeling?"
"I'm okay," said Gordon. "Except for my back. It's stiff as a board."
"Ah," said Raas, "must be your lumbar region," and seeing Gordon about to roll his eyes, reached into his desk and handed him a present. "It's some more jigsaw puzzles."
"Thanks," said Gordon, genuinely touched. He was very into them, ever since the doctor prescribed them as a form of therapy. He'd gone so far as to laminate and hang them in his inner office. It added a touch of class to the place. "I'm just glad that scrawny runt's not here to ruin things." 
He was referring, of course, to J-man. The STW promoter had let him work around the office to pick up a few bucks during his suspension,5 only it proved a disaster. He'd had his knees knocked by J's efforts to pry open stuck drawers, his head hammered by J replacing light bulbs, and his shirts stained by faultily-filled fountain pens. He'd been slapped in the face by a wet mop sling over the runt's shoulder, and drenched in soap suds by sticking his head out the window the instant the kid was fixing to wash it.
The final straw came when J decided to fix Gordon's squeaky chair and Gordon, unaware the seat had been removed, sat down on the exposed swivel column; thus giving a whole new meaning to the word innuendo. And now that his masked replacement, El 7, had given notice, it opened a spot on the roster for J-man's return once they resumed operations. Amazing how that work out. 
To top things off, Gordon was having to go back to announcing.
"I'm sorry things with Brian didn't work out," Raas apologized. "I tried getting along with him."
Gordon shook his head. "I never pictured him as the farmer type. Tell me, what did you think of him as a broadcaster?"
"Well," Raas stroked his chin reflectively, "he had the distance, but he needs to work on accuracy." He smiled. "Get it? Broad-caster?"
"You know, Raas, I'm trying hard to be nice for the holidays, but you're pushing it."
"Sorry," Raas rose quickly, knocking over a stack of books on his desk.
Gordon sighed, then stooped to help pick them up. "I often wonder how a person who reads so much can still be such an idi...osyncratic individual."
But looking over the titles, maybe it wasn't such a mystery after all: 
Are You Experienced? by Ben Darren Dundat. 
murder must capitalize by Lowell Case. 
Double Exposure: A Look At The Female Anatomy by Eileen Dover. 
"What's this?" asked Gordon. "Instant Self-Hypnosis?"
"Oh that," Raas took the book from him. "It's said to be the fastest hypnosis method ever devised." He glanced at the first page. "Supposed to be very relax—"
Boing! 
Raas froze in place.
Gordon stared at him.
"Raas?" he prodded.
Raas stared, face blank, as Gordon nudged him on the shoulder.
"Okay, Raas; this isn't funny."
Raas continued to sit motionless with the book in his hands.
"Hey," Gordon called to the other room, "come here. Raas is acting funny."
"So what else is new?" someone yelled back.
Gordon drummed his fingers, knowing they had a point there. "Oh, this is stupid!" He yanked the book from Raas' hand. "There's no way looking at a book can put you in a tran—" 
And—boing!—he too froze in place.
"Gordon?" Terry "the Riot" Theriot came into the office. "What's—" And with one look at the book—boing!—joined their state of tranquil bliss. 
One wrestler after another entered the room, took the book from the person holding it, and—boing!—booked passage on the oblivion express.
Some time later J-man came in. 
Seeing everyone crowded around Raas' desk, he asked, "Hey, guys, whut's up?" 
No one answered. 
"Just lettin' ya know I'm gonna be outta pocket fer th' next few weeks... In case yer in'erested." 
Apparently no one cared as they continued to ignore him. 
Boy, he thought, that must be one heckuva book, and pried it from their fingers. Adjusting his wire-rims, he studied the open page, flipped to the next—Gee, that stuff'll put ya to sleep in no time—and set it on Raas' desk. 
Then, wishing all a happy holiday, he walked out, eager to keep his Rendezvous with Death.
Part Three
The drive to Santa Huerta took forever. Erik and Ripley headed their vehicle down Highway 59 for the streets of Laredo. Erik wanted to swing along 290 toward Fredricksburg to explore the region around Enchanted Rock, but according to Ripley there was no time. 
Such is Texas: large, vast, all-encompassing, filled with wonder at every turn. It would take several lifetimes to experience them all. Unfortunately Erik and Ripley had but one lifetime, and of that lifetime H Ellen Pea was giving them only six weeks to get the job done. 
From Laredo they followed 83 to Falcon Lake. Here Erik pulled out his secret map. After endless stretches of semi-paved, rutted, and undeveloped road, they came at last to the little-known town of Santa Huerta.
It was dark when they arrived; the tiny settlement asleep. There are isolated spots in Texas where time has little effect in its passing. Santa Huerta was one of these: a small cluster of wood buildings, unpainted, with nothing to distinguish it save a silver water tower rising specter-like from the ground. They halted before the general store and Ripley, with a long sigh of relief, got out to stretch her legs. There were no lights anywhere.
"Too bad the runt chickened out," she said, bending to touch her toes. "Guess it's just us."
Erik crawled back into the SUV to lie down. Ripley remained outside, sore and restless from the non-stop drive. She walked over to the store and settled into a porch swing. Somewhere the autumn-verging-on-wintertime air was cold and chilly, but here it was still and warm. She rocked silently, swaying back and forth to the sound of the rusty chain.
Santa Huerta was clearly a ghost town, its few inhabitants surviving however they could. Texas had an ample sampling of such places, victims of both fate and folly. 
Some fell prey to economics: Thurber, abandoned in 1933 after the coal mines closed; Terlingua, a one-time source of cinnabar, now site of a yearly chili cook-off; and Study Butte, which closed in 1940. 
Some died violently, such as Indianola, a Gulf Coast town wiped out by hurricanes, its only remnant being a statue of the French explorer Robert de La Salle. 
Some died in the name of vengeance, like Helena, a wild frontier settlement, when a wealthy rancher persuaded the railroads to bypass the town. 
Others were simply forgotten, like the army towns of Fort Griffin and Fort McKavett, which garrisoned black troops known as the Buffalo Soldiers; both falling into decline after the forts were abandoned. 
All stood in silent witness to fleeting glory. 
No records exist for the story of Santa Huerta, why it suffered setback, or if it had ever amounted to anything in the first place. Sometimes history is silent, silent as the big Texas sky up above, and time is swallowed in a black hole of unknowing.
And yet, Ripley reflected, here the night was peaceful, with stars shimmering silver in the distance. She startled as something ran across the gap between two buildings; then saw it was only a cat. 
She drifted away in the comfort of the porch swing. With half-closed eyes she gazed into the darkness as a small clump of shadow separated itself from the rest of the night and came to stand beside her. "Gee," it said, "I thought ya'd never git here."
Suddenly she was wide-awake, jumping to her feet and staring wildly about. There was nothing there except the darkness, and beyond that only more darkness. Oh, and a little blue-eyed cat. 
Ripley suppressed a sudden shiver. Just tired, she told herself. All the same, she hastened to the truck to sleep with Erik.
The next morning Erik and Ripley woke to find the storefront filled with curious loafers. 
"Vot a strange collection of shoes," Erik noted casually. 
Ripley busied herself unloading the SUV while Erik went to the store to buy pastries from an elderly barefoot woman inside. He returned with a bag of doughnuts—and something else. 
"Look vot I found."
Ripley looked up. Her shaded eyes went wide seeing Erik standing along-side a small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes.
"H-how'd you get here?" she stammered.
J-man didn't answer. He just stood there, a wiry thing all bone and gristle. 
Erik offered him a donut then held the bag out to Ripley. She took one, bit into it and found it good. Seeing the bony bantam battler in the morning sunlight made the events of last night seem less likely, more the result of fatigue than fantasy. 
She chewed the doughnut slowly, then smiled. Obviously the runt had stowed away in the back of their vehicle the whole time they were driving. Nothing supernatural in that. Soon she was her old self.
"I see we're traveling light," she remarked.
J shrugged. He was dressed in cut-off jeans and a cotton t-shirt from one of the STW television advertisers. Atop his head was an Astros baseball cap and on his feet white socks—and a pair of overly large sneakers. Ripley snuck a glance at Erik, who raised his eyebrows significantly. 
Okay, maybe they weren't all that big, not like Bugs Bunny anyway, but they were larger than what you'd expect on someone his size. She looked again at Erik, smiling his superior smile, and she smiled back from behind her sunshades. Aliens, lost tribes, and Bigfoot. Something told her it was going to be an interesting expedition after all.
She finished arranging their gear and each took a knapsack. "Traveling light" was to be the motto for their mission. The sacks contained food and sleeping equipment. Otherwise whatever they had on was it. Erik maintained the light tropical suit which made him look like Albert Dekker in Dr Cyclops, while Ripley delighted the eyes in khaki shorts, camo top, and hiking boots. 
With a final exhortation to "put your big...I mean best, foot forward," and a hearty wave to the elderly store lady watching from the porch, they began their trek into the unknown—while the old woman, with a shake of her head, kissed her rosary and went back inside. 
She'd look after their vehicle for a few days as promised, then sell the parts, knowing they would not return for it. She'd seen the same thing as a child some seventy years earlier, and the result had been the same.
Part Four
"On th' first part of th' journey—"
"Oh shut up."
Five days into the expedition Dr Death was suffering the pangs of ennui. That or she was just bored at the sight of granite domes and gypsum dunes. Dry white salt flats that covered the desert plain like clean fitted sheets did not impress her. And the lightly colored beds of compressed ash only irritated her eyes and skin. 
The gaunt-faced grappler's attempts at song weren't helping either.
"If everybody had an ocean—"
"I said, shut up!"
It was rugged and harsh, and they wore the draining heat like a familiar garment. It was the kind of heat that made you wish you had a car door, just so you could roll down the window. At times they took turns standing in each other's shade. 
"I've been walkin' all night long—" 
"Are you deaf or something? I mean, besides tone deaf?"
"Gosh, Ripley, I wuz only tryin' to cheer ya up."
"Well don't! I'm mad and I want to stay that way."
Slowly came the appearance of vegetation: prickly pears, agaves, tar-bush; and with it toads, tarantulas, and scorpions. Nomadic tribes once roamed this region, leaving pictographs predating the Pyramids of Egypt. 
With severe stoicism they pressed on, dry rocky terrain turning from cactus to pine. Along the canyon rim, beneath flickering stars, the sound of crickets and coyotes filled the night air, the same air pterodactyls glided some sixty-five million years earlier. 
At last they descended the layers of sandstone, shale, and clay; down, down, down, to the floor of the Rio Grande, whose dark and placid waters fed the hidden jungle below. 
After that it was mainly hacking their way through thick forest growth.
Dr Death led the way, with Erik bringing up the rear. This was fine with J as it afforded a nice view of Dr Death in her safari shorts, although it did cause him to lose footing and trip over roots. He was frequently struck in the face by branches whipping back into place, but he covered by saying he was distracted by the gnats buzzing about. Dr Death suggested he trade places with Erik; but it was Erik who declined, claiming he was too busy making important observations—although to J it seemed Erik's observations consisted of trying to get an accurate measurement of his footprints. Many nights he'd awaken to find Erik at the foot of his sleeping bag with a tape measure.
Erik did however prove to be an excellent, though strict, camp cook, constantly scolding J if he didn't eat his meat he couldn't have any pudding.
"Good grief, Elmer, beans 'n sauerkraut again?"
"I fix zauerkraut six nights in a row. Zuddenly you don't like it?"
The first discovery came when J tripped over a wooden marker and stumbled against Ripley. "Stop staring at me and pay attention!" Only then, seeing what it was, she called: "Erik! Put down that tape measure and look at this!"
It was a crudely carved cross with the letters "EF" on it. 
"This proves we're on the right track," Erik smiled triumphantly. (He would have smiled jubilantly, but then, he was a kraut.)
J said, "I don't git it," and Erik explained: 
"Funt's wife, Eleanor, died midway through the journey; after which he got hopelessly lost and was unable to relocate her grave."
"Ya mean we discovered th' lost Ellie Funt's graveyard?"
Erik looked Death in the eye. "Don't blame me," she told him. "You're the one who wanted him along." Then without another word, he pocketed his tape measure and resumed their trek.
"Well I'm a travelin' man—"
"Oh shut up."
A Brief Primeval Interlude
Slow and subtle the Forest works its spell around the campfire. 
"Hey you," it whispers from the Shadow of Time. 
"Come back," it beckons beyond the Facade of Civilization. "Return to me and run free, as is your birthright." 
And Man hearing the call is seduced by its sweetness. He ponders the choices he has made, yearns to cast aside the way of the city, the shackle of the wristwatch, and pass life in a careless abandon of Real Manhood. 
The Forest is what it is, its allure a strong one, as Life and Death manifest themselves at their rawest. It is what it is, and always has been. Only fools go there seeking a moral code, and only the ignorant assign it labels of Good or Evil. For such things reside not in the Depth of the Forest, but in the Heart of the Individual. 
And so, with odd hesitancy, the man rises to his feet, and stands, poised at the brink of indecision, and ever so slowly lifts his foot to take that fateful step forward... 
But then a second Voice calls even louder—a voice not of Duty or Obligation, but of Woman, piercing the silence of Eden and shouting: 
"Hey Erik! Stop staring into space and come help me!" 
And with a heartfelt sigh, the man reluctantly returns to reality, uttering those immortal words of commitment, "Yes dear," and resigns himself to the Cost of Companionship. 
And the Forest shakes its head in a sympathetic chuckle, and its vague whisper retreats into the Silence.
Part Four 
(continued)
Making their way further inland, they found abundant creeks and streams to camp by. One morning Dr Death returned from bathing downstream. "Are there any feral cats around here?" she asked. "I thought I saw one watching from a tree." 
Erik studied a dragonfly hovering above the rocky brook. No, he answered, cougars, javelinas, and bear were possible, but house cats? Perhaps she'd mistaken an owl. They shared a laugh and were in a mood to frolic; only to have J-man emerge from the woods and rejoin them.
"Enjoy your swim?" Ripley quickly adjusted her outfit.
J shook his head. "Just washin' up." He faced her, idly licking his nails. "Ya swim nice though."
"Why thank you. I try to stay in shape and... Hey, wait a minute! Were you spying on me?"
"Aw c'mon, Ripley. Elmer said it wuz an owl. Uh, I mean..." 
Then he hurried to break camp, as Ripley yelled: "And for the thousandth time, it's not Elmer!"
Emerging from a thicket, they again found themselves on the floor of the river canyon. Erik consulted his secret map and guided them to a concealed opening behind an outcropping of rock. 
Situated on a sandbar accessible only at low tide, the coloration made it difficult to discern even when up close. Little wonder they were the first in many decades to enter the mysterious Lost Valley.
"I wish I'd remembered to bring my camera," said Erik.
"Proof would be nice," Ripley agreed.
The bony J trudged behind them, somehow having ended up toting all three knapsacks.
"I'll never be yer beast of burden—"
"Oh shut up."
Drenched in sweat, the weary runt stared at the lush jungle terrain before them. Up to now he'd been convinced the kraut was completely crazy. Now he was willing to concede the man was only half so.
"Come," Erik studied his map. "I zink I see a shortcut."
A little further in they pitched camp for the night. Exhausted, J slept well, waking at dawn to the sound of the jungle. He tried listening intently; only the canvas was too thick so he had to come out. 
Erik sat on a log beside the fire.
"Hey, Elmer. Whut's up?"
Erik answered, sans accent: "Miss Ripley went for a swim and told me to keep an eye on you."
"Okay." J sat, plucked a flower, counted the petals. "John Nance Garner wanted th' cactus blossom fer th' official state flower instead of th' bluebonnet." 
Erik didn't say anything. 
"His AKA wuz Cactus Jack." 
The bantam Bigfoot bent to tie the laces of his over-sized sneakers. Erik watched him—he's taunting me, he told himself—and continued puffing his pipe. 
"Speakin' of Texans, one of th' strongest men whut ever lived wuz Stout Jackson. He wuz 155 pounds yet could twist horseshoes with his hands. He once back-lifted 6472 pounds."
Erik stopped puffing. "How is it you remember these people, yet can't get my name right? Are you not aware of my background?"
"Maybe if ya buttoned yer coat no one would notice," J offered helpfully. "So whut's next?"
Surprisingly, Erik shook his head. "We wait and see. Moe Horowitz never wrote a formal account of his missionary adventures but letters tell of a village, citing in particular the tribe's love of music. It's said when the air is right, you can catch the sound of their playing."
"Oh sure," J nodded. "Everyone's heard of th' Moe Town Sound."
"Only I doubt they're around anymore. They haven't been seen since the Horowitz expedition. Most likely they died out by now." 
A fleeting motion in the brush made J look up. 
Erik, unaware, continued:
"We'll have to content ourselves with finding scattered artifacts." 
A head popped up out of the brush. It looked very much like an Indian. 
"Even if there were any left, you wouldn't find them out here." 
J saw several more heads pop up. He coughed to get Erik's attention. 
"Indians are superstitious about cave openings and canyon entrances." 
More and more heads popped up. J tapped Erik's knee. 
"They consider such places sacred and shun them at all costs." 
A whole slew of Indians stepped from the bushes and advanced. 
"No, I'd say there's not an Indian within a thousand miles of here." 
J tapped harder. 
"Why I doubt there's even—" Finally Erik looked up. "What is it?" 
J pointed at the Indians. They were holding Ripley at spear point. 
"Still," Erik reached for the sky, "there are always pagans who don't believe in sacred places."
Still in Part Four...
Erik was silent as the natives marched them to their village and closed them in one of the thatch huts. To him, it proved J-man knew about the tribe's existence: the way he so conveniently tripped over that grave marker, then not object when Erik said he knew a short cut. Yet here he was still pretending to be a prisoner. Oh but this one is clever!
The village was about what you'd expect: large bamboo poles enclosing a bunch of grass huts within a small clearing, and beyond that nothing but trees and jungle.
Clearly this was the fabled Moe Town, as evidenced by their haircuts. The baggy-eyed men were stockily built whereas the women were slim, with hair slightly longer than the males. By listening and observing, the captives ascertained several things: 
1) It was, by an amazing coincidence, the same tribe discovered long ago by Rabbi Horowitz; 
2) Not only that, but they spoke a rudimentary English the rabbi had taught them; 
3) The tribal chief was Poppa Oom-ma-mow-mow and the lovely girl at his side was his daughter, Wotta-setta-nakas...
"Boy, ya kin say that again!"
"Shut up."
...and 4) The natives were throwing a big party that night.
Ripley's worried "Now what?" was a valid question. There wasn't much chance of fighting their way out. Ripley was a girl, and Erik thought judo was what they made bagels out of. 
"Are we just going to sit here and wait to be eaten?"
"Gee, Ripley, whut makes ya think they're cannibals?"
Her shaded eyes regarded J from their ten-inch advantage. "Right," her voice dripped sarcasm; "maybe they'll just sacrifice a virgin... In which case Erik and I are safe."
J blushed, "Aw, yer just overreactin'," and turned away.
"Overreacting! Then how do you explain those huge pots and big ladles? These people don't wear enough clothes for it to be laundry day."
"Yeah," J stared tip-toe out the window. "Especially th' wimmen."
Ripley palmed J's head, directing his eyes back inside, and raised a warning hand to her shades.
"Right, right, yer right; they're cannibals. Ol' Horowitz prob'ly ended up a rabbi steak."
Finally Erik broke his silence. With a muttered oath, he approached the bamboo-gated entrance of the hut.
"You better not be eying those women," Ripley warned.
Erik shook his head. "According to the almanac, there's going to be an eclipse today."
"Wow;" J marveled, "like, whut are th' odds?"
"Shut up," Ripley ordered.
Erik signaled the guard. "All we have to do is convince these ignorant savages we're responsible for it and they'll let us go." The guard stopped outside the entrance. "Tell your chief we are beings from beyond the stars—"
"Th' Lone Star."
"Shut up."
"—and will prove our power by causing a great darkness...uh, Bakonawa...to fall over the land."
The guard did as bid and returned a few minutes later. "About this darkness," he began.
"See," Erik winked to the others, "I told you it'd work," and turned back to the guard. "Yes? What does chief wish to know about the Bakonawa?"
"Chief want to know if it'll be before or after the eclipse?"
Erik Von Fritz stood with his jaws wide apart as the guard resumed his post. "But that trick always worked for H Rider Haggard."
Ripley eyed him with disgust. "Bakonawa?" she asked.
Erik shrugged. "I saw it in a movie."
"Apparently they've seen the same one."
"Could be. Primitive tribes possess great psychic powers—"
"Oh shut up."
The eclipse came and went. 
"Okay if I watch?" asked J.
"Go ahead," said Ripley. "Just don't stand too close."
Then evening fell. The natives lit fires and gathered round a raised platform. Poppa Oom-ma-mow-mow sat center stage with Wotta-setta-nakas beside him. The musicians began to play that legendary Moe Town sound, a jangly percussive mix of drums, horns, and bass instruments, with sinuous native girls swaying seductively to the two-chord rhythm. Erik stared captivated, much to Ripley's discontent.
"Erik, this is hardly the time for ogling. Any minute now they're going to dice and fry us."
"That song," Erik mused, "I've heard it before; a strange cult hymn about..." His face brightened. "Yes-yes," he grew excited, "it just might work." And before anyone could stop him, Erik burst through the flimsy bamboo door and onto the stage, sliding on his knees before the throne of Poppa Oom-ma-mow-mow and Wotta-setta-nakas just as the opening drumroll finished. Without missing a beat, the crackpot kraut leaped to his feet and began singing a sacred song.
On a cold damp Thursday morning, Thanksgiving on the way,a hopeless helpless turkey huddled scared inside it's cage when suddenly up-popped this tall weird-looking dude "Oh hey there now, don't be afraid cos I'll take care of you." 
The band did a brief solo and the crowd went crazy seeing a white man perform their music. Erik hit a perfectly-timed split, looking spiffy in his white safari suit, and bounced up on cue for the chorus. 
Let my turkeys go I tell you,
oh-oh-oh set my turkeys free
let my turkeys go I tell you,
says Melagris.
"Mel-a-grease?" asked J.
"Hush," said Ripley. "If Lord Byron could mispronounce Don Juan..."
Erik improvised some dance steps and directed the horns to come in louder on the accents. 
He was dressed in jeans and flannel shirt with a red hair pony tail and held a magic hatchet which worked his ju-ju spell.
"That's notta very good rhyme."
"Hush!"
He blasted out the cage door and the farmer raised his gun...
"Whut farmer?"
"Shut up!"
...said, "Dude I'm gonna count to ten 'n then ya best be gone."
The female backup singers joined Erik on the chorus:
Let my turkeys go I tell you
won't you set my turkeys free
let my turkeys go I tell you,
Melagris. 
Things grew to a frenzy. The music played louder, Poppa Oom-ma-mow-mow clapped to the beat, and Wotta-setta-nakas shimmied with abandon.
The god he raised his hatchet, took the turkey 'neath his arm said, "As long as I'm around my birds'll never suffer harm."
The farmer felt his head spin and his knees began to wobble and when he tried to use his voice it came out "gobble-gobble."
Wotta-setta-nakas danced beside Erik, her ample endowments bouncing to the music.
"Funny," Ripley remarked ruefully. "He never dances with me."
"Oh hush," said J, more than a little distracted.
Set them babies loose I tell you
let them bounce and set me free
set your wonders free I beg you,
Mel agrees.
As the band played the coda, Erik dove from the stage into the waving arms of the natives. With shouts and cheers of "Erik! Erik!" they carried him on their shoulders, Poppa Oom-ma-mow-mow and Wotta-setta-nakas leading the parade.
J started to ask how they knew his name was Erik, but seeing the expression on Ripley's face, shook his head and said, "Nevermind."
Part Five
Worry, they say, is like a rocking chair: it gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere. Still, it wasn't like J-man or Ripley were going anyplace anyway.
The last they'd seen of Erik was him being carried atop the shoulders of the cheering warriors with the chief's daughter at his side. Now, as the village slept, a dejected Dr Death hunkered in the grass hut, face buried in her arms, while J sat cross-legged before the opening, singing softly.
"Now blue ain't th' word fer th' way that I feel—"
"Oh shut up," Ripley told him.
"I just thought if ya liked Elmer's singin'..."
She didn't bother correcting him. All was dark, the fires having died down. 
"Too bad that Dungarees dude didn't know about th' first Thanksgivin' in Texas."
"It was Melagris; not Dungarees."
"April 30, 1598. Spanish settlers crossin' th' Chihuahua Desert near El Paso. Ate fish. But ya already knew that, bein' a historian 'n all."
She gave him a withering stare. Fortunately it was a glancing blow. "My job is to document Texas history. That doesn't mean I have to memorize it." 
J shrugged, began to get to his feet. 
"I do hope you're not going to start pacing up and down again." 
J sat back down. With singing and pacing verboten, it seemed as good a time as any to catch up on his prayers. Only as he went to dig out his rosary it occurred to him an endless string of Hail Mary's probably wouldn't sit well with Ripley either.
"By th' way," he asked, "whut exactly am I gittin' paid fer this?"
"You're expecting remuneration?"
"Ya don't muzzle an ox while it's threshin'."
"A muzzle is exactly what you need."
Pause. 
"So why wuz Elmer starin' at my feet?"
"He thinks you're related to Bigfoot."
"Bigfoot Wallace?"
"Bigfoot Yeti."
Another pause. 
"Kin competin' podiatrists be arch rivals?"
Finally Ripley snapped, pounding the dirt floor with her fist. "I swear if we get out of this I'm going to see you get counseling! You're a horny, undersized upstart with arms like Frankenstein and a bottomless bag of bad jokes which you non-sequitur into any situation. And you're obsessively jingoistic regarding Texas and its people."
"Frankenstein's scars circle his wrist; mine go lateral."
"All I'm saying is you've helped the Power Company on occasion..."
"An' it's only one arm."
"...so I'm sure H Ellen would be willing to help..."
"Got it rasslin' a bear."
"...if only you'd swallow your pride and ask."
"Notta real bear. It wuz a—"
"I know the story!" She threw her hands into the air, "What's the use," and went silent.
J continued to sit, gazing out the hut while drawing circles in the dirt. He ran a hand through his hair—it'd grown since his suspension—and scratched his chin reflectively. What few whiskers he had formed a natural circle round his mouth and chin. He'd need a shave and a haircut when he got back. A hot shower wouldn't hurt either.
He snuck a glance at Ripley. On second thought, he told himself, better make it a cold one. 
Ever since his Halloween "Brainstorming" encounter with Bela Lou Tate he'd discovered within himself certain urges. Urges that went beyond mere schoolboy horniness. Urges that Ripley's presence didn't help alleviate. 
"Hey, Ripley?"
"Now what?" she sighed drearily.
"Whut say we git ourselves outta here?"
Ever so slowly she raised her head; then stared at him for the longest time. Fearing she meant to give him one of her lethal stares, J reached into to his pocket for his rosary, hoping to ward her off. Instead she brushed the hair from her face and gave him one of the nicest smiles he'd ever seen. All the rigors of the jungle could not hide that she was a beautiful woman, especially when she could smile like that.
"You're really something, you know?"
"We've been over that," he said defensively.
"Deliberately goading me to snap me out of worrying about Erik."
"Well, it ain't much fun hangin' round a cranky broad."
"Don't push it. Now, what's your plan?"
It was quite simple really. The gaunt-faced grappler would do the old life-size-dummy-in-the-bed trick using straw, a knapsack, and his baseball cap; then he'd burrow out the back of the hut, locate Erik by the smell of his pipe tobacco, and sneak him out under cover of darkness.
It was a good plan. There was only one problem: Ripley insisted on going along.
J scraped the dirt at the back of the hut, making a small depression they could slip under. His hands seemed accustomed to such digging. "Keep an eye out fer any guards," he told her.
"There's one by the main gate, with a moustache, about six-foot."
"That's a big moustache."
"You should see the size of his spear."
"We'll hafta git rid of him. I'll lure him over 'n smack him with my kneelift." J pantomimed his patented wrestling maneuver.
Ripley was skeptical. "You sure that'll do it?"
"Are ya kiddin'?" said J, slightly insulted. "Nobody gits up from my kneelift." 
So saying, the bony bantam battler slipped from the rear of the hut. Ripley watched him flatten against the wall and tip-toe, cartoon-like, from one hut to another. They were arranged in clusters of four and J knew from prior observation the adjoining huts were empty.
He let the guard spot him.
The guard walked over and J slid into the first hut.
The guard stopped at the door. Before he could enter, J unexpectedly came out of hut number three and went into hut number four.
The guard approached the fourth hut.
J walked from number two back into number one.
Ripley shook her head at what her runty rescuer was doing. Clearly she had not seen enough Bugs Bunny vs Yosemite Sam cartoons.
The frustrated guard threw down his spear, stomped over to hut number one, and waited by the entrance. He'd figured out J was crawling in and out the backs of the huts and decided to wait for him. 
J stuck out a hand out and gestured: "Pssst; c'mere."
Ripley saw the guard enter, heard the smack of J's kneelift, and sighed in relief as he stepped into view, signaling all clear. 
Then a pair of hands reached from behind and he was yanked back inside. 
There were quick scuffling noises as J and the guard crashed through the grass wall of the hut, rolling, thrashing, and punching on the ground.
Ripley walked up, nonchalantly holding a heavy wooden ladle from one of the cooking pots behind her back. "I thought you said nobody gets up from your kneelift?"
The guard was applying a choke from the bottom while J sought to block it. "So he's a nobody," he gasped; "now would ya like to help me?" and reversed position so the guard was on top. Ripley raised the ladle and swung downward. The guard rolled over and Ripley brought it down on J's head. The guard pushed J off and got to his feet. Ripley sighed, swung the ladle like a baseball bat, and the guard went down in a heap.
J staggered to his feet.
"Now," Ripley tossed the broken ladle aside, "if you're done clowning..."
J massaged his head and looked down at the guard. "I don't un'erstand why it didn't work."
"Maybe he missed the rehearsal," she said, walking away.
"Shoulda used a wristlock instead."
They ventured deeper into the village. J held out his arm. "Listen." 
She slapped it aside. Someone was humming "Du, Du Liegst Mir Im Herzen." 
"It's Erik!" Ripley hopped up and down like a schoolgirl. "He's doing our song!" She ran to the nearest hut and looked in the window. There was Erik lounging on a pile of furs.
"Erik!" whispered Ripley.
The German jumped up. "Ripley?"
"Over here, by the window."
"Oh; it's you. Um...thank goodness you're alone!"
"Whut am I," a voice below the opening muttered; "chopped liver?"
"Oh, Erik, I was so worried."
"Nein, nein. Don't be. They're not cannibals at all. Oh, Ripley, at last, I'm vindicated!"
"Yer kiddin'?" said the voice below the window. "After all that sauerkraut?"
"Who said that? Is that der runt?"
"Ya wuz expectin' maybe Moe-hair Sam?"
"Ignore him, Erik," Ripley kicked at the unwanted pest. "The important thing is to get out of here."
The expression on Erik's face didn't appear delighted at the idea.
"Um..."
She looked at him sternly. "What, Erik?"
"Well," he fidgeted, "there's just one problem. They'd probably be willing to let you guys go—eventually—but they want me to hang around a while."
"So whut's th' problem?"
Ripley looked down, "Shut up," then back up. "Okay, Erik, I'm hot, I'm tired, I'm sweaty, and I'm not in a mood for joking. Now you say we can go—"
"Eventually."
"But you have to stay?"
"For a while."
She looked him in the eye. "Is there anything you're not telling me?"
"Well..." he looked away.
She reached through the bamboo bars and laid her hand on his. "Erik," she whispered tendery, "what is it?"
"Yeah, Elmer," J popped into view, "whut izzit ya ain't tellin' her?" He'd found a pail to stand on.
Erik replied: "They want me to stay forever."
"Forever!"
"Fer ever?"
Erik hung his head melodramatically. "Forever," he echoed.
For some reason Ripley wasn't buying it. "And we get to go—?"
"Eventually," Erik finished.
Ripley spoke slowly, the tone of her voice indicating it wasn't just the sweltering heat that was getting her steamed. "And when is—eventually?"
"I don't know for sure. Probably not until after the wedding."
"Wedding! What wedding?"
"Yeah, whut weddin'?"
"The wedding between me and Wotta-setta-nakas."
"What!"
"Whut?"
"Will you stop repeating everything? Erik, what do you mean, you and that top-heavy floozy."
"Now, Ripley, she's a lovely girl with some very fine qualities."
"I know. I've seen both of them. Honestly, Erik, didn't you tell her about us?"
Erik was silent.
"I said, didn't you tell her about us?"
"Well..."
"Oh, Erik," she began to cry. "I can't believe this."
"Aw, fergit th' cad, Ripley. I'll comfort ya."
"Will you stay out of this?" SLAP! "And get your hands off me!"
"I wuz only tryin' to stick up fer ya."
"I'll tell you what you can stick up. And as for you, Erik—"
"Really, Ripley," he turned to his pile of furs; "it's late. You should go now."
"Erik?" Her voice was too soft to be heard. She turned her face lest he see the tears behind her glasses, and walked away. 
J followed obediently.
"Don't worry, Ripley; he still loves ya. He's just infatuated by a pair of pretty...uh...eyes."
Ripley got mad again. "Boy, if I had my low-cut evening gown, I'd show him a thing or two."
J wouldn't have minded seeing that himself; only the jab of his pocket rosary reminded him lust was still a sin. "Tell ya whut; I'll fetch Elmer back 'n then ya kin kill him... With kindness, I mean."
"Oh, I'll kill him all right! Right after I take that underdressed (bleep!) by her overstuffed (bleep-bleeps!) and—"
"Ssssh, Ripley; they'll hear ya."
"You're damn right they'll hear! She'll holler so loud—" 
A bunch of villagers with spears came around the corner. 
"On second thought, we can always come back for Erik later."
And off they ran.
Dawn broke. The runty rudo was falling behind. He'd done okay at first but now his knee was giving out. It was the one that had been whacked with a golf club back in Book One. All he could manage was a sideways hobble-trot.
"Go on without me," he called ahead. 
Ripley appeared to have no problem with that.
Suddenly the natives slowed their pursuit as a grove of trees came into view: an odd-shaped cluster of thickly clumped trunks enclosing the area like a box, while slabs of rock formed an opening beneath two crossed branches, vaguely reminiscent of antenna ears.
"Look, Ripley, th' natives are slowin' their pursuit."
"So I heard. Must be taboo or something."
It didn't keep them from chucking a few spears though.
Reaching the rocky entrance, J and Ripley dove through the opening...
And disappeared from sight.
Part Six
"What next befell," Lord Byron wrote in The Prisoner of Chillon, was a "loss of sight, and air, and...dark-ness too." It was "but vacancy absorbing space... A sea of stagnant idleness...boundless, mute, and motionless!" 
That was in 1816. 
Meanwhile, back in the present, J and Ripley were having a similar time of it.
Seconds earlier they'd been fleeing through jungle thicket, now to find themselves under a pale sky, mired in thick snow, while arctic winds stung them like a million icy bees. This was not good considering they wore shorts and t-shirts.
"W-w-where are we?" Ripley shivered.
"I dunno." J shouted above the wind. "I've never been to north Texas."
Their only choice was to move or freeze. They didn't get far. Incredible weariness overtook them. And it was simply too cold. J stuck a hand in his pocket and fingered his rosary beads as he felt his eyelids freeze shut. He must have begun to hallucinate because something like a large weather balloon with a red light rose before them, blocking their way. It didn't matter. They were too weak to go on.
Then came the man in the red suit and sleigh.
And then the welcome darkness.
It was like reliving a dream. He'd tendered his resignation, only to be spirited to some remote place. 
"Where am I?"
"In the Workshop."
"Whut d'ya want?"
"Productivity."
"Ya won't git it."
"We'll see."
"Who are ya?"
"Special Agent Number Ten, Assigned Clandestine, Long-term, Active Undercover Surveillance."
"SANTA CLAUS?" J opened his eyes. "Ya gotta be kiddin'." The red-suited man tapped his foot impatiently, waiting for J to quit adlibbing and get back to the script. "Uh, lemme see... Oh, yeah: Who's Number One?"
"You are Number Seven."
"Whut? Again?"
Santa gave him another chance. "I said: You are Number Seven."
"I am notta number! I'm a..." J paused. "Well, anyway, I ain't a number." 
Which caused Santa to laugh. "Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho."
Aw rats! J frowned. 
The Workshop was cavernous, dome-ceilinged, and centered by an enormous pit. Incredible heat radiated from it, causing J's glasses to fog. On a nearby couch sat Ripley, hugging a blanket. "Please tell us about yourself," she said. She'd managed to hang onto her dark glasses as well.
"All right," Santa nodded, "but it could take a few paragraphs." He was a solid three-fifty with well-trimmed hair and beard. 
"That's okay," replied Ripley. "I'm eager to learn."
"By th' way," J piped up, "ya hear bout th' dyslexic devil worshipper who...?"
Santa said he had, then produced a book, ran a finger down the page and found no entry for the wiry half-pint. It's just as well, he told himself, as it'd take a lot of coal to fill those big sneakers.
The mantle of Special Agent (Santa explained) was a family tradition handed down generations. The original Agent arrived there centuries ago, seeking sanctuary from prying eyes wanting to steal his designs. Utilizing the services of neighboring Arctic tribesmen he established the Workshop and pursued his Agenda, selecting wives from the tribe and siring sons to follow his footsteps. In time, the Agents expanded their scope, sending their sons to study abroad before assuming the family business, until finally deciding to place one "Special" Agent in charge of the Workshop while supervising the activities of the brothers who found top-level positions in select companies worldwide.
"That wuz only one paragraph," said J.
"What?" Santa half-turned.
"Ya said it'd take three."
Santa rolled his eyes, then returned his attention to Ripley.
"You're lucky RUDOLF found you out there," Santa told her; "otherwise you'd have frozen."
"Rudolf? You mean the red-nosed weather balloon?"
"It's a Radar Utilizing Device for Observing and Locating Foreigners; a very effective watchdog. Apparently you stepped through a PORTAL—a device that Poofs One Rapidly To Another Location. Fortunately I was outside activating them for tonight's work."
"Tonight's work?" She did a quick calculation. "You mean we were in limbo for almost a month? No wonder we were so weak coming out."
"People have disappeared into them," Santa admitted. "Especially the one between Florida and Bermuda. Still it's the only way I can make my deliveries in one night. But with the aid of my REINDEER—that's my Rocket Engine's Inertial Navigation Designed for Entering and Exiting Residences—and my ELF's—Eskimo Labor Force—I'm able to deliver TOYS—To Observe Youthful Subjects—and GAMES—which Go Around Measuring Everyone's Senses."
"Uh, Santa?" J interrupted. "Whut exactly is yer 'Agenda'?"
"Yes," Ripley sat up. "All this spying. It sounds so Big Brother-ish."
Santa laughed, "Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho." His belly didn't shake like a bowl of jelly. His solid frame didn't shake at all. "Well duh! I see you when you're sleeping? I know when you're awake? Anyhow, now that you know too much, you'll have to remain here as my PRISONERs."
"Prisoners?" said Ripley. "What do you mean prisoners?"
J scratched his head. "People Requirin' Incarceration Since Obviously Nobody Ever Returns?"
"Not bad," Santa approved. "You'll fit right in with my ELFs; it's nice work once you learn to accept it. As for the lovely vixen," he winked suggestively, "she'll make an admirable addition to the gene pool."
Ripley reddened. "How dare you!"
"It's not like you have a choice," he reminded her. "I've made my list and checked it twice."
For a moment J thought she was going to zap him with one of her deadly stares. Instead she got in his face. "Look here, you jelly-belly jerk, if you think I'm going to submit quietly to your eskimo therapy, then you're a... a... Annoyingly Self-Satisfied Hunk Of Lopsided Ego."
The gaunt-faced grappler groaned, watching the big man check the letters off on his fingers, his face growing redder than his suit. It was time to dash away all.
Only Santa, showing surprising speed, caught Ripley's by her hair and flung her to the floor.
"Later," he promised, "in the morning;" then turned his attention to J. "Come, little man," he taunted. "Let's see what you've got."
The bony bantam battler hesitated, knowing he couldn't face the big guy on his own terms. He'd have to get him down first, then hit a knee to the face. So, with all-consuming confidence, he did a baseball slide between Santa's legs and delivered a chop to the back of his knee. 
It worked. 
Santa toppled...directly backward...three hundred fifty pounds of solid mass...on top of J.
Darkness dominated the dome, the only illumination being the faintly glowing pit in the center of the room. J-man rolled over, hurting like hell, feeling like a human pancake. Maybe he could escape by slipping under the door. He felt around, not expecting to find his glasses but thankful when he did. 
Crossing the room, he tried the outer door. A frigid blast of Arctic air poured in. J couldn't believe the man would be so careless as to leave it unlocked? Unless... 
He allowed himself a small grin. The big guy wasn't careless, just preoccupied. Tonight was his busiest night of the year. He had more things to worry about than a scrawny runt who by all rights ought to stay konked out till morning. Big men always under-estimated him that way. 
Even now he could hear Santa from another room, ordering his people about. He hadn't seen any of the Eskimo Labor Force but knew they were there and felt sorry for them. No one should have to be slave to any Agenda. It's sort of what the holiday was supposed to be about, right?
Still J hesitated. Suppose he did get away; what about Ripley? It went against his innate Texas sense of chivalry to leave her behind. Even if she wasn't particularly nice to him. 
Closing the door, he turned, saw her lying on the couch, her back to him. He crept over, hoping she was awake. She was. He knew she was because the moment he poked his head over the backrest she came down on it with a heavy platter...
KLANG!
KLANG!
KLANG!
...like the giant gong in a Rank Organisation movie. Eventually she recognized him, "Oh, it's you," and set the tray down.
"Ya wuz expectin' Patrick McGoohan?" J clutched his aching head. 
"Oh, don't act so fragile. I know you're tough."
"Not like m'uncle. He wore a toupee."
"What's so tough about that?"
"He kept it on with a nail."
She threw her hands in the air. "Great! Once again I'm caught in a life or death situation and looking to you to get me out of it."
"I got ya outta that cannibal hut, didn't I?"
"No, you didn't."
"Oh," J lapsed into silence, "right;" and fell to pondering the age-old question of where would men be today if not for women? The answer, of course, was back at the Garden of Eden eating strawberries.
Ripley pushed the couch to the window. 
"Come from th' land of ice 'n snow—"
"Oh shut up." She motioned him over. "Look, there's a U-boat."
"She's-a not-a my boat."
"He must use the sub to get supplies. Obviously we'd never find the PORTAL that brought us here. Or if we did, we wouldn't get past RUDOLF. But if we could make it to the docks—"
"Where th' buoys are?"
"Then we might stand a chance at getting away."
"Why a boat? A REINDEER sled would be lots faster."
"Do you know anything about flying?"
"I hadda kite once."
"Fine. You go fly a kite. I'll pilot the boat."
J continued to scan the horizon. "There's a sled dog," he said huskily. All the time they heard Santa's voice echoing about the Workshop. "We should make a run fer it while he's busy."
She nodded. "I'll go first and you watch my rear." She had every confidence he would.
Halfway to the door the lights came on and Santa appeared. Ripley slipped out while J stayed put. The big guy grabbed J by the throat and thrust him against the wall. He reared back a massive fist to smash him in the face.
"Watch th' glasses," J calmly raised his hands. "They wuz a gift."
The big man looked momentarily stayed his hand; then, roaring with laughter, plucked the lenses from J's face and stomped them to the floor. "Fine," he said, dragging him to the pit. Beyond the safety railing were pipes and tubes, with a lot of heavy barrels stacked to one side. "Feel that heat? My geothermal reactor draws energy from the bowels of the earth." He hoisted the bony bantam battler and looked him square in the face. "Say your prayers, runt; soon your chestnuts will be roasting—"
J poked him hard in both eyes.
"Ye-oww!" The big man grabbed his face. The gaunt-faced grappler landed on his feet and dealt Santa a kick to the knee. As the man staggered back, J dropped to all four, causing the man to tip over. 
J retreated a few paces and danced on the balls of his feet, waiting to deliver his running kneelift. Only the big man, with sudden speed, gained his feet. Cherry red with rage, Santa grabbed one of the heavy barrels lining the perimeter of the reactor, lifting it overhead. J again went for his baseball slide between the legs. Only this time, instead of chopping Santa's knee, he hooked the big man's ankle and jerked him forward. The Special Agent fell face first onto the barrel he'd been holding.
J started for the door.
Santa roared, regained his feet, and again heaved the heavy barrel overhead. It proved a reckless move. The sudden shift threw him off balance. Panic crossed his bearded face. J raced forward to help but he was too late. The big man toppled over the safety rail and into the pit.
Horrified, the gaunt-faced grappler fell to his knees, shivering despite the thermal generator's intense heat. There was nothing he could do. The Special Agent's "Agenda" would have to be put on hold for tonight. Perhaps it was just as well. The lack of "gifts" might give people something else to think about. As for the ELFs, they'd realize soon enough they were free. What they did from there was up to them.
A noise outside brought him to reality, the air bitterly cold as he traced Ripley's tracks in the snow. Reaching the dock as the submarine was pulling out, he leaped onto the deck and pounded the hatch with his fists.
Ripley opened it the tiniest fraction and peeked nervously about. "Oh, it's you," she said flatly, and jerked the frigid flyweight inside. "What happened to Santa?"
J put his hands to his face and blew on them. "Let's just say he's gone down his last chimney." 
Later, after his fingers had thawed, he said a rosary for Santa, figuring no one, no matter how bad, should go unmourned. 
Much later, over a cup of cocoa, J fell to talking. 
"I never cared fer Santa Claus when I wuz a kid. That whole 'be good fer goodness sake' thing always seemed kinda empty." The fledgling philosopher's conscience must have been working overtime to elicit so lengthy a speech. "I prefer th' Easter Bunny: he provides, but ya gotta look."
Ripley glanced up from her nautical charts and smiled. It was the kind of tolerant smile you reserve for a less-than-bright nephew. "I doubt it matters any longer. Santa's role was taken over long ago by others, and they're the ones who ultimately decide the value of the gift given."
"I s'pose yer right. Th' gifts of today are th' garage sales of tomorrow. I remember th' time m'uncle got a smokin' jacket fer Christmas; it took him an hour to put it out. Still, we might oughta keep quiet about whut happened. After all, he duz have family out there."
"Gosh, J, are you suggesting there might be a conspiracy? If I didn't know better, I'd say you're starting to sound like Erik."
Part Seven
"I'm gettin' closer to my home—" the wiry runt warbled a ragged do-re-mi. 
"Oh be quiet."
"Whut're ya doin'?"
"Programming the sub's computer to take us back to Moe Town."
"Too bad Elmer's not here, him bein' an auto mechanic."
"That's autodidact."
"Ya hear bout th' lady who asked th' conductor, Does this train stop at th' river? Th' conductor said, If-a she don't there gonna be a big-a splash."
"My field of history doesn't include old jokes. Help me look for the operating manual."
"Try th' glove compartment."
"This isn't a car. They don't put... Oh; what do you know?"
"Told ya."
"Why don't you go explore the ship? It's quite commodious."
"I'll say; th' bathrooms are humongous!"
Meanwhile, on an tiny island off the leeward coast of Canada, villagers gathered in awe around a large block of ice—a block of ice within which were the clearly visible remains of a man—a man belonging to a time long past. Whether the villagers viewed this icy apparition as an object of worship or merely an idle curiosity is not known, nor is it relevant. What is relevant is the early morning quiet was rudely disturbed when, without warning, the dreaded Ultra-mariner—that regal yet tragic foe of the noted crime fighting foursome known as Special Services—emerged from the ocean—easily recognizable by the uprightness of his manner, the severity of his crew-cut, and the dampness of his fatigue pants—and in his rage—whether over the destruction of his undersea kingdom, the frustration of his unrequited love, or just having to swim around in freezing water without a shirt—seized the mammoth block of ice with its frozen occupant and hurled it into the ocean, where it was caught in the swift and powerful currents of the Atlantic and carried southward to its destiny.6
"Oooweee, oooweee baby—"
"Would you please stop singing?"
"Hey, Ripley, they gotta library."
"Fine. Find something to read and let me concentrate."
"Whut should I read?"
"What am I, your babysitter? Pick anything! I don't care!"
"Here's a book of Union Fairy Tales: Once upon a time-and a-half—"
"Find something else!"
"How bout some poetry? Naw, that'd be subversive."
"Aargh!"
J ran his fingers along the spines, squinting at the titles. A Man's Guide to Arena Restroom Etiquette, or Looking Out for Number One. The History of Castor Oil—a number two best seller. I Ran By a Flock of Seagulls, But They Managed to Spot Me Anyway. Finally he settled on A Lateness of Worms by Earl Lee Bird, a compendium of avian adventures.
"Hey, Ripley."
"Now what?"
"Remember that Lime Disease dude Elmer wuz talkin' bout?"
"It was Melagris."
"Whutever." 
Mr Bird's book contained a follow-up story where Melagris tried to do away with Thanksgiving by going back in time and sabotaging its first occurrence. Disguised as an Indian, he bagged some cats and gave them to Miles Standish for dinner. 
"Th' jerk!"
"What happened next?"
According to Mr Bird, the cat goddess Bast got wind of his scheme. She let the cats out of the bag and put the turkeys back in, then confronted Melagris by a cliff side hill.
"Where Bast proceeded to whoop his a—, uh, I mean, she beat him up."
"Oh? Then what?"
Melagris tried to get away by changing into a turkey, but Bast grabbed him. They tumbled into the ocean, never to be seen again.7
"How sad."
"Gee, I dunno. I like th' part about him gittin' beat by a cat."
Ripley had a faraway look in her eyes. "Now do you see why I became a historian, to relive the richness and romance of the past? What I wouldn't give to meet someone like him!"
"Oh sure, like yer gonna bump into him in th' middle of th' ocean."
BUMP!
"Whut wuz that?"
Ripley ran to the porthole. "We just struck a large block of ice."
"Omigod! Quick, git th' lifeboats! Wimmin 'n rasslers first!"
"Will you hush? We barely grazed it. Gosh, you're such a fraidy cat."
They went topside to check it out. It was a large block of ice—a block of ice within which were the clearly visible remains of a man—a man belonging to a time long past—
"Yeah, yeah; we git th' point."
"Be quiet and help me haul it in."
"This must be whut they call introducin' a sub-plot."
"Oh shut up."
They brought it in and laid it on a table.
"Look," said Ripley, "there's something inside. Let's thaw it out."
"I dunno. Did ya ever see Th' Thing?"
"That was fiction."
"Oh; right."
And so, several hours and a lot of swabbing later, J-man and Dr Death gazed down on the form of a man—a man belonging to a time long past—
"All right already! Kin we git on with it?"
He was tall, six-foot-seven, and lean, with skin like brown leather and long red hair running down the length of his back. Beneath his large beaky nose was a heavy moustache and he was dressed in jeans and flannel. In his hand he clutched a hatchet.
"Can it be?" Ripley marveled. "Can this indeed be the heroic figure of myth and legend? Can these be the hands that touched, the eyes that gazed, and the lips that spoke in the dim dark days of yore?"
"Of yore whut?"
"Oh shut up."
She took a damp cloth and massaged its forehead. J immediately felt jealous. He reached out to touch the hatchet clasped in the sleeping figure's hand and its eye's shot open. 
"Don't touch my hatchet," he said.
"Yikes!" cried J, "Don't do that!" and crawled down from the counter. Not that he'd been that startled. After all, it says in Daniel 12 that "many of those who sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake." He just wasn't expecting it from an iceberg.
"Sorry," said the iceman.
Dr Death was agog. "W-who are you?" she breathed.
The figure sat up. "I am Melagris, the turkey god."
"Wow! We we're just talking about you!"
"Yeah," said J, awed at the coincidence. "Ya'd think someone wuz writin' this stuff."
"Oh shut up."
Ripley spent the next hour filling the turkey god in on things while J sulked in the corner. Her attitude toward him had cooled now that it was no longer just the two of them. The kid still had a lot to learn about women. 
Catching J's bored expression, Ripley asked, "Is there anything you'd like to ask the turkey god?"
"No."
"See," she scolded, "that's your whole problem. You've no curiosity. You just accept things as they are, without question."
Melagris had been staring out the porthole. "My, the water's choppy," he said currently, then smiled, ogling Ripley in the process. "Don't admonish the lad. The young are never impressed. Perhaps if I demonstrate the power of my ju-ju hatchet to call down lightning and cause the earth to quake—"
"Oh yeah," J nodded, "that'd be right impressive considerin' we're in a submarine."
"I see your point," Mel frowned. "I know; watch this. I grip my hatchet at both ends, and—presto!—it changes into a violin. Want to hear me play?"
"We'd like it very much," said Dr Death, motioning J to behave.
The turkey god's playing was quite good; not that J would admit it. 
"Where'd th' bow come from?" he wondered.
Ripley gave him a dirty look. "Don't ask so many questions," she said.
Eventually Mel stopped playing. "Still not convinced, eh? I know; I'll read your mind. Think of a number. Is it 1-2-0-5?"
"No."
"How about 5-2-6? The square root of pi? A Fibonacci sequence? Fine; then I'll think of a number and you read my mind."
J called out "7-7-0-0-1;" the zip code for the STW office.
Mel's expression dropped. "How'd you...?"
J shook his head. "Elmer's gonna have a field day with this."
"Who's Elmer?"
"A crazy kraut who thinks Texas wuz colonized by li'l green men from outta space."
"His name is Erik!" Ripley corrected.
"Who's name is Erik?"
"Th' crazy kraut."
"Oh," Mel nodded, adding: "They weren't green."
"See?" said Ripley. "And don't call my crazy boyfriend a kraut. I mean, don't call my—"
"Aw, yer an idiot," said J.
"What!" yelled Ripley. "How dare you call me an idiot!"
"I mean Nose-tra-doofus here."
Mel said: "Who are you calling—"
Ripley interrupted: "And don't make fun of other people's beaks."
"You heard the lady. Don't make fun of... Hey!"
"I'm sorry, Mel," Ripley apologized. "Please play us some more music."
"All right." Mel raised his bow. "Any requests?"
J had one. "Only I doubt th' thing'll fit."
"That does it!" Ripley snapped, and went for her sunshades. 
J and Mel fell backward, covering their eyes lest she lift her lethal lenses. With great effort she regained control, pressing her hands to her temples and slowly counting to ten. 
"Mel," she spoke evenly, "I'd like you to go to the front of the boat," and the god obeyed without question. "J, I want you to sit in the back."
"I don't wanna."
"Go to the back of the boat!" she said sternly.
The pint-sized pugilist sat on a bunk, strumming a guitar he'd found. Mel stuck his head around the corner and told him if he insisted on butchering music he should at least do it properly. Taking the guitar, he tuned it to Open D then gave it back. 
"Now you can play majors and fifths without screwing up."
J thanked him, sort of, and after a bit of trial and error, found himself singing that old Texas folk tune, "Long Gone Mama:"
Eyes like a beacon 'n hair like th' sky, 
'n anywhere wuz okay with her by m'side... 
Granted, he was no Link Wray, but then when's the last time you heard "Rumble" on an acoustic? 
Ya were m'sun, 'n m'stars, 'n m'moon, 'n m'guide, 
'n without ya I'm empty, there's nothin' inside... 
Now for the solo. He didn't know anything about soloing, except they always dropped to the twelfth fret and bent the strings. 
Men they git restless, they wander, they roam, 
'n there's no place to stay anymore since yer gone. 
Not bad; a bit rough perhaps, but overall, not too shabby. Or so he thought. He looked up at Mel, still leaning against the bulkhead.
"You have got to be the worst guitar player ever."
J shrugged. "It gives m' hands sumthin' to do while I'm singin'."
"Try clapping them over your mouth."
"He's a real goofball, ya know," J complained later. "We're lookin' out th' porthole at an octopus. I sez, See th' tentacles? An' he sez, I only count eight."
Ripley took a sip of coffee and smiled in spite of herself. 
"Cut him some slack, okay? His brain's been frozen for centuries. Besides, didn't anyone ever tell you about a bird in the hand?"
J raised a hand to his face and shaped the fingers like a claw. "Only that ya should never play with yer food," he said absently.
Ripley shook her head. "What's he doing now?"
"He wanted to rest; sumthin' bout his fingers bein' sore. Thought I'd be nice 'n soak 'em in water while he wuz sleepin'."
"See there; the two of you can get along if you try."
The sub rounded the Gulf of Mexico and headed up the Rio Grande. It was quite deep this time of year; another thing Texans didn't advertise for fear Yankees will come down and go yachting. Any book of Texas tourism will tell you the Rio Grande isn't navigable, which, of course, is ridiculous. There once was a thriving riverboat business at the town of Roma before the coming of the railroads.
Mel entered. "I'm hungry," he announced. For some reason he'd changed into a new pair of trousers. The new ones were short at the inseam so he had cut them off at the knee. He'd also removed the sleeves from his flannel shirt, making him look very outdoorsy. "Think we can fish the river?"
"Crappie?" asked J.
"No, I'm pretty good."
At last they reached the Big Band. Unable to locate the spot where they first entered the Lost Valley, they—meaning Ripley—decided to drop anchor and crawl up the embankment.
No one argued with her.
Part Eight
It was several hundred feet to the top and the embankment was steep. It led to a crude enclosure formed by a semi-circle of large stones abutting the incline. Ripley surmised it pre-dated the Moe Town tribe and had once been a site for ceremonial rites, as suggested by a mound in one corner. To J it looked more like a pen for caging animals, as there was, by coincidence, a rafter of turkeys huddled in one corner.
"So where d'ya think Elmer is?" asked J.
"It's Erik," Ripley corrected him.
"Really?" J looked about. "Where?"
"Oh, I give up."
Mel climbed one of the large stones and pointed at the jungle. "I see smoke over there. I'll check it out." Before they could stop him, he took off into the thicket.
"Mel, wait!" Ripley called after him; then pouted: "I can't believe he's such an—" 
She caught herself.
"Idiot?" J supplied the missing word.
"Impetuous person," she said, not giving him the satisfaction. "I just didn't want him running off when there was no need. See this?" She held up what looked like a palm-sized TV set. "It's one of Santa's devices for measuring brain waves. I can scan the area for high mental activity, thereby pin-pointing the location of the tribe."
"I saw that in a movie once."
"Yes, but this is real." She crawled atop the six-foot-high wall and turned the scanner on.
J sprang up beside Ripley—a seemingly effortless leap that did nothing to impress her—and peered at the screen. "Nuthin's hap'nin'."
"I can see that," she frowned, fiddling with the dials. The tiny screen remained blank.
J reached over. "Maybe if ya—"
She slapped his hand. "I don't get it." She pointed it at herself. The screen lit up. "At least we know it works." For grins she turned it on J. To her surprise, it registered very strong. "If there's any human brain activity out there it should be registering."
Suddenly Melagris came tearing out of the jungle. The screen remained blank. Behind him came a native, waving a spear and giving chase. Finally the device began to register.
"There's obviously a defect," said Ripley.
"Yeah, but at least th' device is workin'."
Mel dove over the wall, landing with a thud on the hard dirt. The native, thinking Mel alone, detoured toward an opening in the wall and ran in after him. Seeing this, J flattened against a boulder and stuck his big foot out, tripping the man. He kicked the native's spear aside and sat on top of him as Mel got to his feet.
"Let's tie him up," the turkey god said with restraint. Ripley volunteered to go back to the sub to find something. She took the scanner with her.
"Prob'ly lookin' fer th' operatin' manual," J told Mel after she'd gone, then pointed to the native. "Kin ya communicate with him?"
Mel drew himself haughtily. "I speak over twenty languages."
"Great!"
"Only they're all dead languages," said Mel, slumping. "But all is not lost. See that flock of wild turkeys over there?"
"I though it wuz a rafter."
"Only if they perch on a roof. I'll ask if they know anything." He approached the flock, "It's like one bird brain to another," and squatted on his haunches. He remained that way a long time.
"Well?" called J.
"I'm waiting for someone to introduce me. Turkeys have etiquette, you know."
"Just ask 'em, okay!"
Mel sighed, "Sheesh, what a grouch," and made a few gobbling sounds. Wow, thought J, he really is talkin' turkey.
Mel straightened and walked back. "So whut'd they say?" J asked.
The turkey god replied, "Nothing."
"Whut d'ya mean, nuthin'? Ya said ya had th' ability to talk to animals."
"I do," said Mel. "Unfortunately they don't have the ability to talk back to me."
So there they were: Mel couldn't talk to the native and the turkeys couldn't talk to Mel. So they tried charades. J performed a pantomime of pipe smoking and goose-stepping to try and get through. The native watched but gave no response. It was while singing "Du, Du Liegst Mir Im Herzen," with the native bobbing his head to the music, that Ripley walked up behind them.
"What are you doing?" she demanded.
"Tryin' to find out where Elmer is," J began.
"He doesn't speak any of the ancient languages I know," Mel added.
"So we're usin' sign language," J finished.
Ripley regarded them like they were the stupidest people on Earth. "Why don't you just ask him?"
"Whut d'ya mean?"
"They speak English, remember?"
"Oh yeah; I fergot."
"Better English than you, I could add."
Of course the whole thing was rendered moot as the native had slipped away while they were arguing. Ripley shook her head, then retreated to a rock to study the brain-scanner operating instructions she'd retrieved from the sub.
"Look," J told Mel, "maybe ya should let me go by m'self."
"Why? You think I'm not up to it?"
"I didn't say that."
"Yes you do," stormed Mel, "you think I'm not fit enough. Well, I'll show you who's fit." He dropped down and began doing push-ups. "See? One-two, one-two..." He did them with one hand behind his back, "One-two, one-two..." then switched to the other hand behind his back, "One-two, one-two..." Finally he put both hands behind his back. "One-two, one-two..."
J watched for a moment. "Uh, Mel?"
"One-two, one-two; what?"
"Ya can't do that."
"One-two, one-two; can't do what?"
"Both hands behind yer back. It's impossible."
"Really?" Mel stopped in mid-air.
Really," said J, and Mel thudded nose-first to the ground. J shook his head. "Whut a goof."
Mel pulled out a bandanna to wipe his nose. "I'm a god, you know," he said, somewhat contritely. "You're supposed to worship me."
"I can't do that," J said.
"Oh, one of them Christians. Well, can't you at least like me?"
"I like ya," J lied uneasily.
"No, you don't. Maybe if I turned water into wine?"
J shook his head. "Don't drink."
"Heal the sick?"
J shrugged. "I ain't ill."
"Raise the dead?"
"We already did that, remember?"
"See! You don't like me!"
"Keep yer voice down." J snuck a peek at Ripley. She'd dissaembled the brain-wave scanner and was flipping the pages of the manual trying to figure how to put it back together. "Yes I do."
"You do not! If I walked on water, you'd say, 'Look, Mel can't swim'."
"I'm sorry! Whut d'ya want me to do?"
"At least let me tell you a joke."
"Fine. Tell me a joke."
"Let's see, what's a good one? I know: what's red and goes ding-a-ling?"
"I dunno. Whut's red 'n goes ding-a-ling?"
"A red ding-a-ling. Ha-ha-hah. Here's another: what's blue and goes ding-a-ling?"
"A blue ding-a-ling?"
"No. They only come in red. Wait! Come back! Oh yeah? Well same to you!"
Mel's yelling caused Ripley to look up. When she saw J going after Erik she abandoned her efforts at fixing the brain-scanner and insisted on accompanying him. The gaunt-faced grappler knew better than to argue. They arrived at the village, stopping outside the bamboo wall. All was quiet.
J said, "I'm gonna climb a tree 'n look." He climbed it effortlessly.
"Me too," Ripley echoed. Her assent wasn't as effortless.
Mel wasn't paying attention. "Hey! Where'd you guys go?"
"Up here," whispered Ripley. "Quick, scale a tree."
Mel grabbed a stick and thumped the nearest trunk. "This one's out of tune," he told her.
"She means climb it, ya goofball."
Realization slowly dawned, "Oh, right," and he scampered up. 
J looked at Mel the way Gordon Paul used to look at him. 
"Well, turkeys don't usually climb trees," Mel explained. "Sey, I've got a real birds-eye view from here." He peered into the distance. "I see some natives over there."
"How many ya count?"
"Let's see: three, five, seven..." he said oddly.
"Men or women?" asked Ripley.
"One man. The rest are women. Oh, wow! Would you look at the hooters on that one!"
"Wotta-setta-nakas!" said J, remembering the chief's daughter.
"You're telling me!"
Ripley glared at them. "You men are all alike. You see a woman with a big bosom and you're over her like a hobo on a ham sandwich. I have breasts too, you know."
"Yeah," said Mel. "They're like boobs, only smaller."
"Whut about th' guy?" asked J.
Mel shaded his eyes. "His chest looks normal."
"I mean whut duz he look like!"
"He's smoking a pipe."
"It's Erik!" exclaimed Ripley, sliding down her tree. "Let's go save him!"
One could say Erik Von Fritz was a man of resource and ingenuity. It wasn't true, but still it didn't mean one couldn't say it. 
When Dr Death entered the native compound, she found Erik lounging in a hammock beneath a shaded shelter. A bevy of bare beauties bunched beside him while the buxom Wotta-setta-nakas fed him grapes. "Erik!" yelled Dr Death. "What are you doing!"
Now if Erik was really interested in alien life forms, he would have devoted a little more time to studying women. It's amazing how something can look so soft, so sweet, and so innocent, yet be so dangerous. Women are funny that way. 
No, actually that's not true. There's nothing funny about women. Little girls and young ladies sometimes, but women never. They're deadly serious. They stake their claim and never let go. And as Erik was about to discover, they seldom forgive...and they never forget.
There stood his fiancée, looking so cute in her khaki shorts and camo top, with her long legs and piles of thick wavy hair... And her hands at her sunshades... Slowly lifting them... Like Gort's visor in The Day the Earth Stood Still.
Erik Von Fritz swallowed hard, knowing he was about to learn a lesson.
"We're still engaged!"
Her voice had a tone of finality, like a church bell at a funeral, and Erik's only desire now was to survive—to crawl under something, find a hole to pull over him, slip through a crack in the earth—anything but look into those eyes. Only it was too late. Like a deer in the headlights, she impaled him in a Gorgon-like gaze as he shriveled into a puddle of helpless male molecules. 
God and grappler looked on, squirming and tugging uncomfortably at their collars, but daring not to interfere. For Ripley Weaver, aka Dr Death, had unleashed the dreaded weapon known as "THAT LOOK" which no man can withstand. Even the native girls stood by in a kind of mutual understanding common to their sex. Finally Ripley lowered her glasses, not out of mercy, but because if she finished him now she'd never have the satisfaction of doing it again. J and Mel felt their hearts go out to Erik, as would any of the native tribesmen had they been around. For no man should have to go through something like that. At least, not until after he was married.
The cringing kraut stumbled dazedly, ("We are?") fell over the hammock, ("I mean, of coarse we are.") then dragged himself, limp and cowering, to a sitting position, his backbone melted and his eyes welded shut; now truly, in every sense of the word, Ground Zero. 
"And for gosh sakes comb your hair! You look silly with bangs."
"Yes dear," he managed meekly.
One of the Moe Town girls must have gone to inform the men because a sudden rain of rocks and spears pelted the shade-roof shelter, knocking it down and causing the remaining women to scream their lungs out. J crawled from under it, lifted an edge of the shelter, and hurried the others. "Run," he yelled as Mel and Erik scampered off. Something bonked him on the head, either a rock or the shaft of a spear, and things went fuzzy. 
A slim arm reach out from the collapsed roof. J yanked the arm, "C'mon Ripley," and made for the village gate even as she tried pulling back from him. "Oh, stop it woman," J turned round. "Fer once in yer life just—" 
The arm belonged to Wotta-setta-nakas, and the sudden cessation of tugging caused them to bump together, with J's hands ending up exactly where they shouldn't. The gifted girl slapped him upside the head—"Ow!"—and he staggered dazedly out the gate.
It turned out Ripley was with the others, and from all appearances, ready to give J the same look she'd given Erik. "Now whut?" he asked, his knee acting up again.
"We're not here to collect souvenirs," she sneered.
J held out his hands—"It wuz an accident!"—only the way he held them, palms up and fingers cupped, did not make for a convincing argument.
Part Nine
All was not quiet on New Year's Day. The Moe Town natives surrounded the cliffside enclosure, tossing spears anytime someone poked a head out to take a look. This should have been the spot where J said how his uncle died in the war, his last words being, "C'mon men, they couldn't hit an elephant from this dist—" only he just wasn't in the mood.
As J nursed his knee, Erik complained about a tear in his suit.
"Look at my trousers," he panted. 
The gaunt-faced grappler ignored him, propping his leg on a rock as bending made his head spin. 
"But they're all wrinkled," Erik expressed.
They were trapped at the top of the embankment with no access to the river below where the submarine was tied. The only way out would be to crawl over the embankment, exposing themselves to the native spear-chuckers. 
Of course, they could try returning Erik to them; only since the kraut had run out freely without resisting it was doubtful that'd work. Erik himself wasn't for risking it. Besides, he told Ripley, he knew now he'd fallen under the spell of an exotic woman who had little to offer other than her obvious physical charms, whereas deep in his heart it was Ripley who was his true love, for not only did she possess ample charms of her own but she was the only one with whom he could share his intellectual endeavors.
Fortunately for him, she fell for it. 
It ended with Erik singing "Du, Du Liegst Mir Im Herzen" to her. 
We're definitely in deep doo-doo, J agreed, as he left the lovebirds sitting on the dirt mound and hobbled over to where Mel was standing. "Kin ya do anythin'?" he asked him.
"I can bark like a dog," he said roughly.
"I mean kin ya do anythin' to git us outta here, ya goofball."
"Stop insulting me," Mel responded haughtily. "I am a god. You should be grateful I'm here."
"Grateful? If ya hadn't made all that racket bangin' th' tree they'd still be out tendin' their fields."
"Fine!" Mel snapped, "Then you get us out of this!" And, changing into a turkey, he mingled with the nearby flock.
"Now are you satisfied?" humphed Dr Death, she and Erik turning their backs on him. 
That did it! 
J kicked the ground in frustration. His toe hit a rock. He danced on one foot for a while and, in anger, decided to kick the rock again. Finally he realized the rock was always going to win. 
Wanting a closer look, he dropped to his knees and began scratching the dirt. It was no ordinary rock, but the edge of a slab. And there was something underneath it, a hole. He continued scratching, enlarging the opening. 
Erik and Ripley saw what he was doing and came over. 
"Hmm," Erik hmm'd. "Obviously a monolith from some earlier—"
Ripley cut him off. "Just shut up and dig."
With Rilpey supervising, they uncovered a passageway leading into the embankment. The Moe Towners likely knew nothing about it. With luck, it might guide them to where the sub was tied. J ducked inside, only to have Ripley drag him out by the waist of his cut-offs and order him to fetch Melagris.
As the wiry runt approached the flock, all fled, save one. "Look, Mel," J knelt beside it, "I'm sorry bout earlier. We found a hole that may lead outta here. Ripley wants ya to come with us."
The bird said nothing.
"Aw, don't do this. Ripley'll never git off my case if ya don't."
The bird just looked at him.
"Please?"
"Hey!" a voice called. 
J turned to see Mel standing with the others. 
"You coming along or are you going talk to that stupid bird all day?"
"Ue o muite arukoo—"
"Oh shut up."
"Sorry; thought ya'd appreciate th' subtle irony."
They were squeezing through a narrow crawlspace. It was miserable going. Tiny pebbles jabbed their knees and palms. Ripley led the way, followed by J and Erik. Mel had the roughest time of it. Forced to crawl on his belly, it was a most ungodly posture. 
Finally things widened to where they could stand upright. Erik produced a flashlight and they found a couple of torches stuck in the wall. He lit these with his lighter and they looked around. The torchlight revealed a hollowed-out chamber with shelves cut into the rock. It didn't take an archaeologist, extraterrestrial or otherwise, to see they were in a tomb.
Part Ten
"Rameses th' Second is dead, m'love—"
"Oh shut up. You've no business even knowing a song like that."
Mel pointed to one of the shelves. "It's a dead body," he said stiffly.
Erik and Ripley raced over to it. "Stay put and watch," she told J.
So J watched.
Revelation 14 says, "Happy are the dead who died in the Lord." The gaunt-faced grappler hoped this was the case as otherwise they'd be awful upset at the way Erik and Ripley were treating them. 
While the burial chamber itself was but a rough hollow space in the canyon wall, the shelves on which the bodies reposed were more ornate. There were five in all, the four outer ones holding bodies wrapped like mummies. The mummies looked more Egyptian than Aztec. They must have been very old. Simply breathing on them stirred up a fine powder. Erik prodded one with the tip of his torch and watched unconcerned as it collapsed in a heap of dust. J shook his head.
Erik and Ripley deemed the outer mummies unimportant. Their eyes fixed on the center shelf and an elaborate sarcophagus inlaid with gold and hieroglyphic etchings. The outline suggested its occupant was female. The two fell to gloating, priding themselves as the first in untold centuries to lay eyes upon its treasures. Not that any treasure was evident. But a little poking around was certain to uncover a trove of hidden riches.
J coughed and brushed innocently at the dust floating in the air. Erik and Ripley, looking up from their celebration, shared narrow-eyed looks of suspicion knowing they'd have to be careful lest the sneaky shrimp lure them into a trap. 
Erik, with great pomp, announced he would translate the inscriptions on the sarcophagus. J stepped over and pretended to read them. 
"Ach so," he imitated Erik, "zis vun zeys: Vhy does der chicken koop haff two doors? Koz if it had four, it vould be a chicken sedan."
Nobody laughed. Instead Ripley jerked him by the collar. "I told you to stay over there and watch."
Erik humphed with disdain, "Do you mind?" and called Mel and Ripley to gather round. "Now, if you vill cast your eyes in zis direction—"
The turkey god, silent till now, put his hands to his face. "Okay, but it could get messy."
"No-no," Ripley stopped him. "He means to look where he's pointing."
"Oh, that's a relief. The last time I did that it took me a week to get them back in."
"Ach," Erik gazed ceiling-ward, "vot a goo—" Ripley kicked his shin. "Uh, god-like display of power," and gave his attention to the stone lid. He didn't get far. "Ich bin nicht familiar mit zome uf zese color patterns. Could zey be Mayan?"
"No," Mel shook his head. "Remember, if it's brown it's Mayan, and if it's yellow it's urine."
Nobody laughed.
"Just a little ancient god humor," he explained.
Mel took over. Closing his eyes, he ran his fingers over the sarcophagus lid, treating each character like it were ancient Braille. His voice assumed a faraway tone. 
"It starts out: 'I want to go home to the armadillo'."
"Must be zum ancient deity," Erik postulated. "Go down zome more."
"It tells of a strange race 'from beyond the Wall'."
"Okies?" asked J, coming alongside them.
Erik sighed. "It means a place beyond time and space."
"Oh," J nodded. "Kansas."
"After a long journey they came to..." Mel paused, confused by a cryptic cartouche. "It's either a longhorn steer or a Viking helmet."
"Yer sayin' they landed in Austin?"
"Nein, nein; it must be der ancient Norsemen."
"After prospering there, they again took to their boats. There were storms. The tempest started getting rough. The tiny ship was tossed. If not for—Wait, wrong text. They got lost and wound up in...hmm...either Egypt or Palestine."
"Gotta be Palestine," J opined, "northeast of Austin. Egypt's on Farm Road 102 near Glen Flora."
Mel stepped aside, "The remaining text is damaged," and let Erik have a gander.
"Strange," the Prussian pondered the puzzling pictographs. "In all zese images no vun looks happy."
"It's like a sullen shrine," Mel agreed; "a testy tabernacle, a... a..."
"Surly Temple?" J suggested.
"Oh shut up," said Ripley.
Erik clicked his tongue, smiling his superior Teutonic smile, feeling reanimated. (He would have felt rejuvenated, only he was a kraut.) 
"It's times like this," he laughed, "when the ignorance of youth proves so amusing." Although inwardly he suspected another of the bantam Bigfoot's attempts to throw them off track. 
"Now I will tell the story as I interpret it." He spoke in the deep and measured tones of a trained speaker, going so far as to drop the phony German accent to be sure they'd understand him. 
"Picture if you will a time long ago and a place beyond the measure of our imagination."
"Gosh Elmer; ya sound just like Ron Sirloin."
"Really? I was trying for that guy on The Twilight Zone."
Ripley slapped her forehead, eyed J to shut up, and told Elmer—that is, Erik—to go on.
"Somewhere in the cold and starless nether regions of space, an ancient race, old and bored and decadent, set out in search of something new and exciting. It was obviously a matriarchal society, as evidenced by the woman's place of honor in the tomb."
"Excuse me, Erik," Ripley interrupted, "but please explain."
"Of course, my dear. To be a mummy, you had to be of an elevated status, rich or of royal blood."
"I thought ya had to be dead."
"Shut up."
Erik went on. "Traveling by spaceship, these five intrepid adventurers—"
"How d'ya know it wuz five?" J asked.
"Beacause," Ripley socked him on the arm, "it's all that's here. How dumb can you get?"
"Well we started as three, then it wuz just us two, 'n now it's four."
"Oh shut up. You're always quibbling."
"May I continue?" Erik huffed. "As I was saying, these five intrepid adventurers came to settle in the far north where they established the early Nordic culture. Venerated as gods, people sang their praises in their early Eddas. I guess you could say they were a bunch of, ha-ha, Rootin' Teutons."
"Oh Erik," laughed Ripley. "You're so funny."
J groaned. If I'd said that she'd a' killed me.
"One day, traveling by long boat, a storm blew them off course to the warmer climates of north Africa where they guided the Egyptians, establishing a cult of solar worship, presiding over the succession of dynasties, and accomplishing such feats of engineering as building the pyramids." Pause. "I realize historians believe Egyptian culture is older than Europe, but we see here it's the other way around."
"Oh, obviously," Ripley aryaned. "Why, it's as plain as..."
"The thumbs on a fish. Yes, I know. And now we must leave the realm of fact..."
Fact? J mouthed the word.
"...and rely on conjecture where the text is incomplete. They must have ventured into Texas intent upon helping the Indians; only for reasons we cannot know, their mission was unsuccessful. They were buried with the pomp and circumstance which was their due, the female receiving the highest honor. For all we know, this could be the origin of all Earth Goddess cults worldwide."
"Right," echoed J; "fer all ya know." Ripley thinking it a compliment, applauded her man wildly. 
Wow, J reflected, a Viking Mummy From Outer Space. It made you wonder. It made you wonder how the crazy Kraut had avoided being locked up all these years. Not that he was going to say anything, given the way Ripley was eyeballing him.
Meanwhile, the grandiloquent German grew giddy in the gloating grip of gluttonous glory. "Gee, this is greater than the discovery of the Brazos River Scrolls!"
To which Ripley begged: "Please don't introduce any more sidebars."
"Ach, ratten!" he pouted. "At least let me peek into the sarcophagus."
"Be careful," Mel warned. "Remember the curse of King Tut's tomb."
"Mel's right," said J, much to the turkey god's shock.
"You mean you actually agree with me for once?" asked Mel.
"Not really. I wuz thinkin' of booby traps."
Ripley regarded him with disgust, "Would you get your mind off that native girl?" then watched as Erik pried the sarcophagus lid. There was a soft stone sigh as the lid slid ever so slowly. J too itched with curiosity, standing tiptoe to get a peek at what was happening. The tension was so palpable he could touch it.
SLAP!
"Would you keep your hands to yourself?"
"Sorry; it's th' tension."
A slight scraping sounded as the lid moved further...a hesitant intake of breath...then a cry of panic and frightened scrambling as something came flying out. It was hard to say exactly what. The hurried movements, the shadows, the falling torches made the action difficult to follow. Assorted screams, howls, clucks, gobbles, and even a caterwaul or two, followed as the tiny thing flew swiftly upward—then dove straight at them while everyone ducked and shoved and swatted madly at the air.
J caught a sound of frantic high-pitched buzzing, and then a sudden stabbing pain. "Ow!" he yelled, swatting the back of his neck. He brought his hand away to find it splattered with blood. 
Quickly as it began, it was over.
"Vot vas zat?" asked Erik.
"I dunno," J rubbed his neck as an intense itching sensation swept his body. "I think it wuz a mosquito."
"You should have caught it!" Ripley scolded. "Now we'll never know what it was!"
To say the gaunt-faced grappler was annoyed would be an understatement. He'd been attacked by some ancient insect, leaving him with a burning welt the size of a quarter; and no one cared. Erik and Ripley returned to the sarcophagus, knowing that Bigfoot space aliens were immune to this sort of thing. 
J stayed where he was. After a brief bout of dizziness the itching sensation subsided, although the welt on his neck continued to sting.
"If I had any sense," he mumbled, "I'd leave ya all behind 'n git outta here on my own."
"Then it's a good thing for us you don't," Ripley sneered.
"It certainly is!" he yelled back; then realizing that hadn't come out right, sat on the floor and ignored them all.
Erik continued poking about, convinced a vast treasure had to be somewhere. He felt along the rim of the shelf until his fingers came upon a section slightly recessed from the others. 
"Hmm," he felt it give. "I vonder vot zis does?"
J and Mel watched. Both had a sinking feeling about this. Not that it mattered as Ripley went and pushed it all the way. Then the sinking sensation became real as, without warning, the ground gave way, like something out of a Three Stooges movie where they'd put a rug over a hole in the floor and the guy goes hurtling through it. 
Suddenly J was sitting in the middle of a floor that wasn't there, and he disappeared with a startled cry. The turkey god, standing to the side, tottered on the brink of the precipice and, with an equally startled cry, he too vanished from sight; not however before Erik reached out a hand to pull him back, a hand which the turkey god latched onto and yanked Erik down into the hole with him.
At the same time, a pile of rocks crashed down upon the center shelf, burying the sarcophagus beneath tons of rubble. The tomb of the Viking Mummy from Outer Space reclaimed its own; while unnoticed in the noise and confusion, a tiny mosquito emerged from a dark recesses of the burial chamber and buzzed its way to the freedom of the Texas sky outside.
Erik groaned.
Melagris groaned.
J didn't have the strength.
They were in a small compartment, about ten feet square. Actually it hadn't been that much of a fall, only twenty feet or so. They were lying atop what had been the floor of the chamber above. It was thin enough to give way without support and, looking carefully along the upper rim, they could make out the slots where the supporting beams had retracted, thus precipitating their fall. 
"Ow," Erik groaned again. "Vot happened?"
"I dunno," J spoke from beneath the heap. "I just got here m'self."
With great effort they untangled themselves and got to their feet, then stared at each other. The silence was like a hole in the fabric of eternity. But then eternity is just a long vast stretch of nothing. 
And it doesn't have women. 
They did.
"Yoo-hoo," yelled Ripley, "I'm coming down;" and before they could stop her, she swan dove into the pit, causing them to fall down again as they caught her.
Again they untangled themselves, Erik turning to scold his sweetheart.
"Ripley, my Liebschen, vhy didn't you stay on top? Now how are ve going to get out?"
"Don't be silly," she replied. "I want to see what's going on. Besides, we can always tie our clothes together to form a rope."
"Zat could vork," Erik noted, "only zere's no vun on top to anchor it."
"Oh? I never thought of that." She smiled and shrugged. "Oh, well; no point in crying over—"
Erik turned his face to the wall and started to cry.
"Now what's wrong?" she asked.
"I'm afraid I'm going to die," he told her.
"Nonsense," she consoled him. "That's the last thing you'll do."
J ran a hand across the smooth surface of the wall. 
"It's like th' tombs in Dallas," he told them.
They could try climbing out by hooking their arms back to back, only the sides were too slippery to get a foothold. 
"They bury 'em twenty feet under." 
It might be possible, standing on each other's shoulders, for two or three of them to get out; but the bottom guy would definitely be stuck. And it didn't take a rocket scientist to know who that would be. 
"Cos deep down, they're nice people." 
Of course, all conjecture was rendered moot when another slab of rock slid into place, sealing the opening and plunging them into darkness.
"Okay Erik," said Ripley, "now we're going to die."
"Oh gimme land, lotsa land, with th' prairie sky above—"
"Oh shut up."
Erik sat sobbing in a corner while Ripley, desperately seeking a way to blame J for everything, mumbled to herself from the opposite. As for Mel, he just sat there doing nothing, which, after all, is what artificial gods specialize in. Only J was active, groping in the dark, feeling his way around the hole.
"Aaagh! Who touched my—"
"Sorry. I wuz lookin' fer an openin'."
"Boy, I've heard cheap lines before but that takes the cake."
"Aw hush. Hey, Erik?"
"It's Elmer. No wait, it is Erik, isn't it? (sob, sob) Oh, why did I ever think I could outwit an alien? (sob) Oh, please Mr Bigfoot, (waanh) I'm sorry I pried into your secrets and treated you so badly. (waaaanh) I'm—"
SLAP!
"Ow! Why'd you do zat?"
"Someone had to. Still got yer flashlight?"
"Huh? Oh, ja. I was saving the battery; God only knows why."
"No," Mel piped in, "actually I don't."
"Lemme have it," J took the flashlight. "Why don't ya light yer pipe? Might calm yer nerves."
"Are you crazy?" said Ripley. "Use up what little air we have left?"
"Oh pipe down woman," said Mel. "What does it matter if we die now or ten minutes from now? Let the man have his stupid pipe."
"Danke, Mel" said Erik.
"Yeah, yeah; whatever. Boy, some resurrection this turned out to be. Oh well, at least this time I'll have a real grave, even if I do have to share it."
"We'd be more than happy to let you have it all to yourself," Ripley retorted spitefully.
The turkey god smoothed his moustache, and in the dim light of Erik's match a grim smile crossed his features. 
"We are but the victims of our fate, woman; the best any of us can do is to face it with what dignity we can muster." 
He paused briefly as Ripley uttered a blasphemy. When he continued he spoke in the voice of a very old man. 
"At least here my spirit will be free to travel to the other side, where perhaps someone is waiting. I don't know, but if she is, it's been a long time... clinging to weary hope, hanging on with those few shreds of soul..." 
He sighed wistfully. Even Ripley now was silent. 
"Waiting now is over. Soon will be my release. My bones are tired, and I am ready."
They were deeply moved. 
J came over. "Mel?" he whispered.
"Yes?" the god replied.
"I still think we kin git outta here."
"Oh gosh," he whispered back. "I hope so!"
Erik took a few puffs of his pipe and J turned the flashlight on him.
"What?" Ripley said scornfully. "Are you going to watch us die?"
J didn't say anything. He trained the beam on Erik's pipe and followed the smoke, straining his eyes as it drifted upward. 
"What are you looking at?" Ripley demanded.
"Seein' where th' smoke goes. There's gotta be air comin' in or we'd of suffocated by now."
"Of course!" Erik sprang to his feet. "Ventilation shafts! All ancient tombs have them."
"Oh Erik," said Ripley. "You're so brilliant!"
Actually it wasn't true that "all" ancient tombs had ventilation shafts. Some did and others didn't. But seeing as they were inside a canyon wall, with cracks and openings in the rocks, it seemed logical to assume air was finding its way in from somewhere. Not that finding an air passage meant they'd get out of it. It could turn out to be too small or choked with debris, but at least it was worth a try. 
Ripley snatched the flashlight from J while Erik puffed harder on his pipe, sending up great clouds of smoke. At last they found it, a tiny crack in the wall above them. The gaunt-faced grappler stood atop Mel's shoulders and, with nothing else available, hammered his fists against the wall until it gave way, revealing a small passage slanting vertically outward. He felt a faint breeze against his face—it smelled of the river—and signaled Mel to lower him back down.
"Ow," he said, wrapping a bandanna round his fist. "That hurt."
"Who cares?" (Ripley, of course.) "Can we get out?"
J shrugged. "Won't know till we try." A sudden thought struck him. "Hey Mel, if yer s'posed to have this magic hatchet, how cum ya can't use it to git us outta here?"
"You know," the turkey god pulled the ju-ju hatchet from his belt, "I plum forgot I had the thing."
"Oh, screw the plot holes," Ripley scolded. "Let's get out of here."
Erik wanted to go first but Ripley intervened. 
"It's rather narrow," she noted.
"Yeah," J agreed. "Yer head would prob'ly scrape th' side."
"Oh shut up. We'll let the runt go first. After all, we wouldn't be in this mess had he just come out and admitted he's an alien."
"I'm an alien?"
"Oh, now he admits it."
J sighed. "Someone wanna gimme a boost?"
"Go J, go! You can do it! We're counting on you!"
"No, Mel. I meant, help me up."
"Oh, okay. Alley... Oop!"
BUMP!
"Not so hard!" The gaunt-faced grappler gestured a stoic farewell and disappeared. Immediately he poked his head back through the opening. "It's dark in here," he said politely.
"Here, take the torch," said Mel with delight.
"Will you two knock it off?" Ripley snapped swiftly.
J crawled a little further. "Shouldn't I have a weapon in case I meet any natives?"
Erik looked about. "Vee don't have any veapon... Unless..." His eyes stopped on Mel.
"Oh no," said Mel; "not my hatchet."
"Please Mel?" Ripley faked the helpless charm. "We need it to get out of here."
Mel resisted. "But he'll get blood on it."
"Good grief," J cut in. "I ain't gonna hack anyone up. I just wanna scare 'em."
Finally Mel gave in. "All right. But don't break it."
"It's a magic hatchet," said J. "How kin I break it?"
The answer to that question came about three feet in. The narrow shaft proved to be very short. Rounding a corner, J found himself back in the original passage, past the caved-in burial chamber. A few paces beyond that was an opening with a worn trail leading down to the river. Unfortunately, this path to freedom was blocked by a Moe Town native waiting for him with spear raised. J panicked and hefted Mel's ju-ju hatchet, intending to bring the flat blade down on the native's noggin; only in doing so, the ax head tapped against the wall of the cave, causing it to change into a violin. It was the violin that came down across the native's head. And it was the violin that shattered into a million pieces.
"Oops," said J.
"What do you mean, oops?" Mel squeezed through the crevice. Gasp! "You broke my hatchet!"
"No I didn't."
"You did!" Mel scooped a handful of fragments. "You broke my hatchet!"
"No-no," J protested, "look, its fine." He took the pieces and tried fitting them together. "A little glue an' it'll be good as new."
Erik and Ripley crawled out the airshaft. "Now what?" she demanded as J hid his hands behind his back.
"He broke my hatchet!" Mel pointed at the gaunt-faced grappler.
Ripley came and stood between them. "J?" she asked quietly.
"Gy gwi gwah gwayk gwis gwaak-gwik." 
"Mel, let go of his throat so he can talk. Now, J," she put her hands on her hips and looked through him, "did you break Mel's ju-ju hatchet?"
J fidgeted, trying to avoid her gaze. "No," he said finally, "I did not break Mel's ju-ju hatchet." 
Dr Death brought her hand up to her sunshades. 
"I broke his ju-ju fiddle."
Mel wept. 
"It survived four hundred years in an iceberg, and he destroys it in less than five minutes." J handed Mel a bandanna. The turkey god blew his nose, and gave it back. "It was the source of my power," he sobbed pitifully. "Without it, I'm just another human."
Erik allowed himself a superior nod. "Der veak things of zis Urth hath Gott chozen to confound der strong," he quoted wisely. (He'd have quoted judiciously, but then, he was a kraut.)
The native stirred. J looked out the cave opening. All was clear; no other Moe Towners in sight. "C'mon," he said. "Th' subs right b'low us." They made their way down to the submarine: one tall, beautiful Texas historian, one kraut author and extraterrestrial archaeologist extraordinaire, one small gaunt-faced fellow with large feet and blue eyes, and one erstwhile turkey god with eyes full of tears.
"A god," he lamented; "I used to be a god, and now I'm just human."
Erik clapped him on the shoulder. "Don't vorry, Mel. You'll never be human to us."
Mel thanked him, then started crying again. "It's just, do you have any idea what it's like to give up one's godhood and become a human?"
"Well," J held open the hatch, "it ain't like yer th' furst."
Erik nodded sagely. "Perhaps now is the time to abdicate."
"But I don't want any cake."
"He means give it up, ya goof."
"Do you really think so?" Mel ducked his head and made for the galley.
"You haff vaged a vun-man campaign for der turkey long enough; now is time for you to rest and allow some other group to take up der cause."
"That's true," Mel conceded. "It has been a long time. And to tell the truth, I never liked those stupid birds anyway."
Part Eleven
J came down to the galley, saw Erik and Mel sitting together, talking. They'd become good friends in the last few hours. He went to the fridge for some milk, and sat by the other bulkhead. The welt on his neck had gone down some, but was still there.
Dr Death came in, "It'll never heal if you keep picking at it," and spoke to the others. "I've set the navigational autopilot. We should be in Houston tomorrow."
"Wunderbar!" said Erik.
Mel nodded. "I wouldn't mind hitting a few bars myself."
Next they radioed the Power Company. Dr Death reported how, in the process of searching for answers, they'd found god. H Ellen Pea, on the other end, spoke of justifying the expenditure to the finance committee and again questioned the necessity of a historian on the payroll. She ended by asking, "Is the runt there?"
"Hey, Ellen," said the runt.
"Hi," she replied.
"Ya owe me a new pair of glasses."
"Fine. There's someone here wants to talk to you."
Jon Raas came on. "J! How are you? I hear you found god."
"An' how wuz yer holiday?"
"To tell the truth, I slept through most of it."
Erik and Mel were talking again. Ripley joined them. J turned his good ear to them and listened in.
"Show me that paper," said Mel.
Erik handed it over. "See, if you follow it one way, it resembles a kind of 'j,' but I say it's two planets orbiting the sun while Miss Weaver believes it's a single planet with rings."
Mel held it to the light, squinted, shrugged, and gave it back.
Erik's face fell. "That's it?" he asked, disappointed. "I expected more from a god."
"What do you mean?" asked Mel, his feathers ruffled.
"Earlier, on the sub, you said I was right about the colonization of Texas by aliens from Venus."
"Oh that. I was just goading the runt."
"So you're saying you don't know anything?" 
"Not really. Uh, I mean, yeah, sure. Of course I know about it."
"Well?" Erik urged him on.
The turkey god coughed, "Colonizers from Venus, you say?" then began tentatively. "Yes, well, actually as far as the squiggle goes, you're both right. And, uh, you're both wrong." Disappointment again registered on their faces. "You see, um, your focus is too narrow; yeah, that's it. You're trying to make it only one thing when it's really a bunch of things; a multi-faceted clue, if you will."
"Actually," said J, "whut it is, is a—"
"Oh shut up," Erik cut him off; "it's not like you'd tell the truth."
"Now," said Mel, warming to the subject, "if you look close, you'll see what you've mistaken for rings and orbital paths is actually...the tail...of a cat! With the circle above it forming the body of the creature." He leaned back, a look of satisfaction on his face.
"Good grief," J threw his hands in the air.
"Be quiet," Ripley shushed him. "This doesn't concern you."
"But, wait," said Erik, puzzled. "No, it can't be."
"You dare to question a god?" Mel stared down his nose at him.
"Oh no," Erik backpedaled. "But what have cats have to do with visitors from outer space? Or..." he lowered his voice and pointed at J, "Bigfoot?"
The turkey god frowned, "Yes, well..." Only before he could say anything further... 
"Uh, Ms Weaver?" J bobbed up.
"Now what?"
"Izzit okay if I take off my shoes? I hurt my toe back on that rock."
"Yes-yes!" Erik broke in. "By all means, do take them off!" He was practically drooling with anticipation as the gaunt-faced grappler slipped off his sneakers and put his feet on the table... 
Until they turned out to be a pair of plain, ordinary feet. Small in fact, as befitted a person his size. 
"But, I don't get it." Erik lifted one of the sneakers. "How can they be so big when...?" 
A roll of socks tumbled out the toe. Erik examined the other one. It too was stuffed with socks.
"Boy that feels good." The bogus Bigfoot rubbed his tender tootsies. "Ya kin keep 'em if ya want; they don't fit me anyway."
Erik was now totally confused. "But why go about wearing shoes that are too big for you?"
J remained preoccupied with his feet, apparently in the process of removing his socks before thinking better of exposing his toes to them. At last he looked up. "Ya see, my old sneakers got ruined last Halloween so I borrowed these from one of th' STW TV sponsors."
"An athletic shoe store?" asked Ripley.
J nodded. "Admit DeFeet."
"Yes," Erik contemplated the sneaker, "admit defeat. My whole theory has gone up in smoke."
"Oh, don't be so dramatic," Mel rejoined them, having taken advantage of the interlude to consult an atlas from the sub's library. "This has nothing to do with foot sizes."
"It doesn't?"
"Of course not. Whoever heard of a cat with big feet?"
"Ach, der verdamt Katzen! What does any of this have to do with cats!"
"Now, now; calm down," Mel patted Erik's shoulder. "I can't stand the things either. Stupid meddling cat goddess. Anyway, it all goes back to the deep dark beginnings of the planet. Now, as every school child knows, Texas was indeed settled by visitors from the planet Venus. In fact, prior to this, Texas didn't even exist."
"Fascinating."
"Isn't it? The Venusians, fearing their planet was dying, searched for a suitable replacement—"
"So th' father put his baby in a rocket 'n sent him here."
"Exactly!" Mel nodded emphatically in J's direction. "He put his— No, wait. Will you shut up?" The turkey god gave his attention back to Erik. "The Venusians saw Earth as their best prospect; only the surface was too cold for them, so they decided to send over a chunk of their own hot planet to live on. The first attempt went off target and landed in Arizona."
"The Great Meteor Crater outside Flagstaff!"
"Like I said, they were a little off."8 The turkey god went quiet a moment, giving the reader time to check out the footnote. He stared at his palm, consulting something he'd written on it. "Next, they tried a bigger chunk, but this broke up and fragmented, creating what is now the Gulf Coast."
"Ach, the man is filled with knowledge!"
"He's full of it, all right," J agreed.
"Which, incidentally, was also responsible for the sinking of Atlantis." A nice touch, Mel congratulated himself, even if he had earlier implied the planet was unpopulated. "But like they say, if at first you don't succeed, three's a charm. The third hit proved good, landing perfectly in the area we now know as Texas. Unfortunately the resulting dust blocked out the sun, causing temperatures to drop."
"Und leading to der extinction uf der dinosaurs!"
"Not exactly. New Venus was still very hot, so the dinosaurs migrated down here where they died of old age. That's why all Texans are so tall, their height a result of feeding off this dinosaur-enriched soil."
"Vow! Zis is so... so... Oh, vot's der vord for it?"
"I know whut it is," said J, "only I wuz taught not to use it."
Ripley quieted him with a threatening hand to her sunshades. "So you're saying the Venusians came here as cats to colonize Texas?"
"No, the Venusians came down as themselves, bringing native animals like tarantulas, scorpions, and rattlesnakes with them. The cats didn't come in until the Martians landed. You see, despite all their efforts, the Venusians couldn't adapt and were on the verge of dying off for a second time when the Martians landed with the same intent of colonizing Earth. It was the Martians that were the cats."
"Cat's are Martians?"
"Hence the M on their forehead. The Venusians and Martians interbred, forming a hybrid race..."
J had heard enough. He rolled his blue eyes to the ceiling, then turned a deaf ear to the remainder of the conversation. Thus he missed the next part of Erik and Ripley's probe into the origins of Texas:
"This superior hybrid race," she ventured, "what did it look like?"
"Yes, yes," said Erik, "you must tell us. Vere zey German?"
The turkey god smiled down on them, a superior smile. "Siamese cats."
"Of course!" Erik smacked his forehead. "It's all so logical. The regal poise and carriage of the Siamese cat bespeaks an otherworldly origin.
"What?" said Ripley. "Those irritating, cross-eyed, scratchy-voiced—"
"They're not all cross-eyed," Erik defended. "Only..."
"Yes?" asked Mel.
"I wonder..." Erik lowered his voice, unaware J couldn't hear them. "Suppose this Martian-Venusian hybrid were to assume a human guise." He paused, then: "If a Siamese cat could take on human form, what would it look like?"
The turkey god stared upward and stroked his chin reflectively. "Well," he spoke at last, "I imagine it'd be a small, gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes..." 
And they all turned to look at the gaunt-faced grappler, sitting in the corner. 
And J-man, feeling their eyes upon him, looked up from his milk. Now whut? he wondered, as they continued to gaze at him with their superior smiles.
Postscript
A few weeks later a new act appeared in clubs around the city: a six-foot-seven-inch dude with a red ponytail, dressed in flannel, and playing electric violin through an array of effects pedals. Some nights he'd be joined on stage by a small gaunt-faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes, playing a Japanese imitation Telecaster and doing a song called "Six-Pack Mama;" the lyrics going something like this:
many men try an' many men die
an' many men make more money
many men sampled her bea-u-ty
an' many men tasted her honey 
an' it's a mighty bad feelin' to need soberin' up
when ya know ya havn't been drinkin'
but i guess th' best way to git over that
would be to fergit about thinkin'
so tonite i'm a'buyin' me ten six-packs
git plastered soused 'n stinky
an' come t'morrow mornin' i'll throw out
her mem'ry with th' empties
well i shoulda' known better than to fall
fer a girl in a empty room
cos after she swept me off a' my feet
she flew away on th' broom
an' if i had any vengeance left in me
i could show her a thing or two
but t'morrow i'll be older
t'morrow i'll be sober
an' t'morrow i'll be over you
so tonite i'm a'buyin' me ten six-packs
a pretzel 'n some twinkies
an' come t'morrow mornin' i'll throw out
yer mem'ry with th' empties...
yeah, come t'morrow mornin' i'll throw out
her mem'ry with th' empties 
Rumor has it the song was about closing the door on a relationship gone sour, but that's never been proven. Meanwhile, another rumor claimed somewhere in a lonely graveyard, Ernest Tubb was lying on his stomach. But that too has yet to be proven. 
___________________
1 Unlike some states you read about—you know, the ones that specialize in washboard music and in-breeding.
2 "Really?" said J. "I dunno a thing about cars."
3 Erik conducted these experiments before the events described in "Lettuce Prey."
4 See "If It Quacks Like A Doc" from OUT OF TEXAS 1: THE GAUNT-FACED GRAPPLER.
5 See "Lettuce Prey" and "Brainstorming."
6 Readers desiring to know more about the Ultra-mariner's battles with the crime fighting team of Special Services are encouraged to pick up a copy of Izak Blitzen's The Seven Gothic Texans Strike Back. Not that they'll find anything, but the author could use the 
money.
7 Universal Pictures stole this scene for the fight between Dracula and Wolfman in Abbot and Costelo Meet Frankenstein, but as the reader can see, it happened here first.
8 And a good thing too as, had the Arizona meteor landed further to the right, it would have crashed onto highway I-40.


A CHINK IN THE ARMOR
Part One
"Rachel was beautiful of form and appearance."
Genesis 29: 17
1. Return of the native
It was in the middle of Canned Heat's "Fried Hockey Boogie," during Henry Vestine's fuzz-drenched solo, that singer Bob Hite was moved by the spirit to exclaim: "love can be found anywhere, even in a guitar." Music can do that to a man. The apostle Paul was also known to have said a few words about the power of love, especially in his letter to the Corinthians. It's not known what, if any, music he was listening to at the time. Although given he was a young man who liked sports, it's a sure bet music played a role in there somewhere. Love and music seem to go together, and while Paul, Bob, and Henry are no longer with us, their words remain, and the steady beat of that boogie riff goes on forever.
Of course, it helps sometimes to have a girl.
2. Journey into tyme
The afternoon show had gone off without a hitch, a combination of good booking and great matches, and the crowd went home happy. Gordon Paul went to the locker room to hand out paychecks. He was already planning next week's show as he rounded the corner and so was caught completely off guard when the gaunt-faced grappler flung open his locker.
BAM! 
"Ow-wah!" Gordon clutched his nose.
"Omigosh. I'm sorry," J bent to help him up off the floor.
"Get your hands off me, you...runt!" Gordon swatted him away. "I should put you back on suspension for that."
"Aw, Gordon, gimme a break. It's bad enough ya got me pullin' nursery duty." STW was one of the few wrestling promotions to provide baby-sitting services for kids five and under. "Ya ever listen to th' Mongolian Mauler sing lullabies?" Gordon had, once, and his heart turned momentarily sympathetic as J continued. "Honest, I didn't see ya. Here, sit down a min'it till ya feel better."
Gordon took a seat on the bench and J gave him a damp towel to wipe his face. Gordon pressed the cloth to his forehead, then sighed as the excess moisture drenched his suit. "Oh why," he entreated, "did I ever let El 7 get away?" and hung his head in prayer. When done, he peeked through his fingers only to find the mid-card miscreant still there. "So much for prayer," he muttered dejectedly. It was then he noticed the Hawaiian shirt. "I see we're formal tonight."
The gaunt-faced grappler grinned sheepishly. "Gotta date," he blushingly confessed.
"You're kidding," Gordon went wide-eyed. "With a woman?"
"Whut d'ya think I mean?"
Gordon shook his head. "So who is this," he paused to clear his throat, "lucky creature?"
The other wrestlers gathered round to listen in. "Well," said J, "I'm not s'posed to tell anyone, but ya know me, I can't keep a secret..."
So he told them how, several days earlier, a couple of Federal Operatives in dark suits had shown up, demanding, "Which wunna youse guys iza J-man?" and when the wrestlers asked, "Who wants to know?" they responded, "Duz duh letters F-O mean anytin' tuh ya?" which naturally led to a fight; after which he was escorted to City Hall where a steely-eyed aide from the mayor's office interrogated him. It was just the two of them but he sensed there were others listening in.
"Have you ever been involved in politics?"
"No sir. I only deal with small-time crim'nals."
"How much do you know about the Philippines?"
"Only that they invented th' yo-yo."9 
The steely-eyed aide nodded in the direction of the mirror, "He'll do," and directed J to speak into the geranium. "Now, what I'm about to tell you is highly confidential. The City of Houston is being visited by a foreign dignitary, Princess Fely of Davao, and it's important we make a good impression as we're negotiating for exclusive distribution rights to their yo-yo exports."
"That could mean a lot fer Houston."
"Exactly. And that's where you come in. The princess has asked to meet our various Licensed State Heroes at all her stops. Thus the TBI has arranged for her to meet with 'the Big D' in Dallas—"
"Dallas?"
"Dallas has also put in a bid to have the yo-yos flown to their city."
"But that's silly. We got th' ship channel. Besides, Dallas ain't part of Texas."
"We've explained how Dallas comprises a separate political entity located within Texas' borders10 and that it's just some backward, dirt-water town that leeches off of Fort Worth. However political courtesy and the comity of nations require we play fair with our competitors. So as I was saying, the TBI has arranged for audiences with 'Lone Star' in Austin and 'Yellow Rose' in San Antonio."
J could see where this was going. The problem was Houston didn't have an official Licensed State Hero anymore. There had been one back in the 1930s: a guy called "Damask," but no one knew where he was anymore. Plus he'd be pretty old now even if he were available. Also there was that mysterious, near-mythic group referred to in song and legend as "the Eyes," only no one was sure if they actually existed or were just a figment of folklore. So after a meeting with Mayor Curly, it was decided since J-man had helped the Power Company on a few cases, he be given temporary LSH status and represent the City of Houston to the visiting foreigners.
"I hope you appreciate what's at risk here. There's a special run-off election coming soon and the mayor is counting on you."
"Where's th' mayor now?"
"He's attending an official dinner."
"So yer sayin' his honor's at steak?"
"Actually they're having fried chicken."
3. Maid of sugar—Maid of spice
It was all arranged: dinner and dancing at the Cayuse Steakhouse on Richmond Avenue, with all expenses paid—provided he remembered to say the password, "Do th' letters F-O mean anythin' to ya?" J suggested he cover his own expenses and they reimburse him later. 
So there he was, standing in the gravel parking lot, watching the limo pull up and the bodyguards get out. He waited for her to emerge from the darkness, and when she did, she used his heart for her red carpet. Small and slender, yet gracefully curved, with midnight in her hair and eternity in her eyes, a voice of music, beauty like a delicate flower, and the kind of smile that makes time stand still. All that, and nice buns too; and he loved her the moment he saw her.
The bodyguard had to jab him in the ribs to get him to stop gawking and he fumbled his way through an introduction. "Howdy ma'am," he sighed. They were almost eye-level, she being a tiny bit shorter than him. The bodyguard elbowed him again. "Ow! Uh, I mean, welcome to Princess, Houston. I hope yer enjoyin' yer stay."
She smiled, and if he'd been butter he'd've melted. "Thank you," she said politely. She couldn't have been more than a hundred pounds—five or ten of which was jewelry—and she wore a colorful momo,11 a kind of ankle-length dress with an elastic top which left her arms and shoulders bare. "I enjoy you fine city very much, though do wish they not book me in hotel under construction."
"Oh?" he asked, concerned. "Where ya stayin'?"
"Sorry; cannot say."
"I git it; cos of security, right?"
"No, because sign not up."
Once inside, she swiftly displayed her knowledge of western fashion:
"Everyone here dress like cast of Bonanza," she remarked hostilely.
While he dazzled her with his witty dinner conversation:
"They swore it wuzn't horse meat, but when's th' last time ya saw a six-foot long drum stick?"
She amazed him with her skills in the fine arts:
"I had lead role in Taming of Shrew," she said placatingly.
While he shared the secrets of his past:
"That wuz th' year I had amnesia—I think."
She held forth on American television:
"I like red-hair actress on Gilligan's Island," she said gingerly.
While he revealed his mastery of the Texas Zen quip:
"Ta git rid of a boomerang, ya gotta toss it down a one-way street."
She told him of places she'd seen:
"There no watchman on Great Lakes," she said irregardless.
While he told her about Texas geography:
"That's th' railroad crossin' where Deaf Smith got run over."
She looked deep into his soul:
"I read somewhere all white blue-eyed cats are deaf."
While he eloquently replied:
"Huh?" 
He even convinced the house band, BB Wolf and the Hoods, to let him sit in for a number: a fast paced Chuck-Berry-meets-the-Ramones tune called "Red Hot Mama."
"Well she's a tight little unit
no need to fine tune it,
that little foreign model's on th' ball;
well she's a guzzler but that's fine
I hear it makes her headlights shine,
still I like th' stripped-down version best of all.
Are yer seat covers torn?
Would ya like to blow m' horn?
Or would ya rather I inflate yer inner tube?
I kin polish yer bumper
'n if yer bat'ry needs a jumper
well I gotta cable ya kin use.
Hot Rod Mama come 'n take th' wheel.
Hot Rod Mama make m' engine squeal.
Hot Rod Mama take me round th' track.
Let me put'choo up on m' rack.
M'chasis's old 'n corroded,
yer a sports car fully loaded
'n I know that I can't compete with that,
but if yer ever broke down by th' side
I gotta hot rod ya kin ride
'n it'll keep on goin' till th' tires go flat."
His singing was...well, in a style of its own. "Reminds me of Robert Johnson," said a bar patron.
"Robert Johnson is dead," said another.
"That's what I meant."
And his guitar solo was...different. "Plays like Eric Clapton."
"How on earth can you say that?"
"They both use a pick."
As the last chord reverberated into history, the gaunt-faced grappler looked to BB Wolf for approval. "Son," the blues man shook his head, "when I said hit it, I didn't mean beat it to death."
The audience sat in stunned silence, but the princess was more than impressed—not to mention a little tone deaf—and applauded enthusiastically. This forced her bodyguards to join in, which in turn caused the wait staff to applaud also. Slowly it spread throughout the club until it became a standing ovation with cheers and whistles and calls for more. The music critic for the newspaper rushed out to phone in his story while BB Wolf shook his head and retreated to the bar.
"I not understand all words," the princess said softly, "only know you sing for me," and gave J a smile that made him want to howl at the moon.
"Aw shucks, ma'am," he drawled, "t'wern't nuthin'," and turned to hide his embarrassment. "Hey, looky there," he pointed. "It's m' boss, Gordon Paul." With BB Wolf temporarily out of action, a DJ had taken over the music chores. The gaunt-faced grappler spotted Gordon, with his wife, line dancing to "Stars on the Water." J reached for the princess' camera. "Kin I borrow this?" he asked her, and rushed onto the dance floor. It was pure coincidence they were in the same building; hence Gordon was unprepared when the flash went off in his face. Covering his eyes, he staggered into the dancer behind him, setting up a chain reaction in which the entire line went down like a stack of dominoes. Everyone began cursing Gordon, calling him a clumsy oaf, and when he asked his wife what happened she replied some scrawny runt in a Hawaiian shirt had stuck a camera in his face. Meanwhile J rushed back to the princess' table and suggested perhaps they should be going now.
4. The grooviest girl in the world
They stood out in the parking lot, a short distance away from her bodyguards. "Ooh, the wind is really blowing," she said with disgust.
Must be how they learn English over there, J said to himself.
"But weather here nice," she went on. "Remind of book I read, Helena's Hand Basket by Earl Lee Bird. True, he no Izak Blitzen, but he say:
"There is no winter in Texas. The nature of its origin does not allow it, and the Great Wall stands to enforce it. There comes a time however, early in the year, when a natural chill overtakes the land and for several weeks skies are gray, trees are bare, and the business of living is halted. And like his ancestor the dinosaur, the Texan slumbers, while only green-carded immigrants from up north remain active in the performance of menial tasks. Two weeks, sometimes three—and the chill is lifted. The sky is blue and clear, the trees bear fruit, and just as the bird sprang forth from the dinosaur, the Texan awakens from his slumber."
J shot a glance to the bodyguards, then back at the princess, unsure as to which was more amazing: the fact she'd quoted so long a passage from memory or that she'd done it without her accent. 
"Princess?"
"Yes?"
Being with her made him want to sing "Waltz Across Texas." The mid-January moon was bright and the sky studded with silver. Her hair bounced like a dancing cloud and the light of her smile challenged the stars. 
"You know, people can look at the same thing and see something entirely different. Like the kid who was no good at math till his folks sent him to Catholic school and he started making A's. So they asked him what gives, and he said, 'It's because the first thing I saw when I entered the classroom was this big plus sign with a man nailed to it, and I said to myself: if these people are that serious about arithmetic then I sure as heck better buckle down.'"
"Ah..." Now it was her turn to glance at the bodyguards, amazed at his sudden lack of an accent.
"I mean, some just see ya as some visitin' dignitary, 'n are goin' through th' motions of treatin' ya outta profess'nal courtesy—"
"Yeah," she shrugged, "but get use to it."
"I just don't want ya thinkin' I'm..." He reached out, took her hand. She pulled back. "Sorry, I didn't mean—"
"No-no," she smiled again. "Just guard is watching."
5. Texas lights
West Lakes Park, out on Memorial Drive near Highway 6, wasn't a real park. Just a space between some office buildings where they'd put a duck pond. The princess dismissed her guards, instructing them to return in an hour, then she and J circled the grounds, admiring the water and the trees. After a few minutes walking, they stopped at a bench.
"What that in tree?" she asked.
"I dunno. Prob'ly a clump of moss."
"No, am positive it bird's nest," she said with airy confidence.
"Kin I ask ya a question?"
"What is it?"
"D'ya always talk that way?"
"What way?" she asked, directly.
J shrugged, "Nevermind," and they fell silent; just them and the night.
"You play guitar long?" she asked, discordantly.
He let it go, figuring it was nothing to fret over. "Oh I play hours at a time. That wuz a joke. I hadda guitar at th' orphanage 'n I useta fiddle with it; well, till someone said ya really oughta strum it." 
"Being orphan must be lonely."
"It wuzn't so bad." A mosquito buzzed his ear and he brushed it aside, remembering the welt on his neck. "Th' nuns were okay 'n th' older kids let us play baseball." He hoped she wouldn't mistake it for a hickey. "I wuz second base."
"That take skill."
"Not really. Ya just lay there 'n hope no one slides in with cleats."
"You ever try trace family tree?"
"Found an uncle with Dutch Elm disease. Uh, that wuz another joke."
It was nice sitting beside her, so he edged closer. The sky was clear and she was looking at the stars. He took her hand and she didn't resist. He liked the scent of her hair; it reminded him of bluebonnets at Easter. He leaned over and kissed her on the cheek. She smiled; a smile like that of a thousand stars.
"It must be hard."
"Gosh Princess, I won't try anythin'." 
"I mean being orphan."
"Oh, right; that too."
"I come from large family. And rich. Lola, my grandmother, got money coming out her ears." She paused. "You not want know where she keep spare change." She looked at him, "Uh, that was joke," and smiled.
6. Dead man
He'd never kissed a girl before. Now that he had, he wanted to do it again. He leaned in and the mosquito returned, landing on his arm. The princess tried to swat it but J told her it was simply hungry. He shook his arm and the mosquito flew away.
"Look." The princess pointed at an unusual mist rising from beyond the pond. "It like something out of movie."
"Ya wanna go?"
The mist came closer, thick and threatening. "It feel weird," she shivered, "like it alive."
J didn't like this. It didn't sit well with his innate Texas sense of reality. He got up and, with a reassuring pat to her bare shoulder, motioned her to stay put. He wiped his glasses on his shirt. Now he could see it, very faint: a misty form, not in the fog but part of it, with more figures lurking in its cover.
"Princess," he said softly, "I want ya to git ready to run. Head fer th' street 'n flag down anythin' ya see. I'll be right behind ya. Okay? Go!"
The princess did as she was told, racing as best she could in her ankle-length momo. She assumed J was behind her. He wasn't. Instead he'd charged into the mist, intent on keeping it occupied while she fled. Clammy hands pressed upon him, almost solid, yet not solid enough to get a grip on. He swung wildly at something that was almost nothing. Then came voices from beyond the mist.
"She's not here, Les!"
"There she is! Get her!"
"Let's finish this bum off first."
It was hard to say what happened next. He found himself in an impenetrable darkness, a nebulous absence of light. A snaky limb encircled his arms from behind, pinning them back. The foggy mist was replaced by what felt like a bucket of water slapping him in the face. And then one of the hardest wallops he'd ever felt sent him sailing toward the trunk of a tree. The last thing he remembered was a frightened scream and a car peeling into the night.
He spent an eternity drifting across an endless mesa, until a vision came to him, a vision of a burning bush. And he questioned the bush and the bush grew angry, saying unto him, "Read my leaves, no new Texas." And when he awoke the princess was gone.
Part Two
"And those who lead the many to justice shall be like the stars forever."
Daniel 12:3
7. You're gonna miss me
Mayor Curly opened the door in his underwear.
"That's a funny place fer a door," observed the gaunt-faced grappler.
"Designer fashion," the mayor nyuk-nyuked. "Christian D'oor."
"Kin I come in?"
"Soitainly." The mayor shuffled to the living room, not bothering with the lights.
"It's th' princess," said J. "Now, before ya call th' TBI—"
A man stepped from the shadows. He was tall and had frank brown eyes.
"Who're ya?"
"Frank Brown."
"It figures."
"What happened to the princess?"
"Kidnapped."
"Who?"
"Dunno. Three; maybe four. Gotta way."
"This'll cause an incident."
"Gimme twenty-four hours."
"You got till dawn."
"Thanks," said J, and left.
Frank Brown picked up the phone. "You said he had till dawn," Mayor Curly reminded.
The TBI agent looked up, "I lied," spoke briefly then hung up. "On the bright side, you just saved a ton of money on your re-election campaign."
Mayor Curly spread his arms helplessly. "I'm a victim of soicumstance!"
8. You don't know
Outside Mayor Curly's apartment, J-man collided with a hooded figure lurking in the darkness. "Oops; pardon me ma'am," he apologized.
"Ma'am!" the figure roared. "How dare you be so insolent! Has the world already forgotten the dweller in darkness, the master of midnight, the silent sleuth of the south, the—"
"All right already," J cut him off. "I'm sorry I didn't recognize ya. So who ya s'posed to be anyway?"
The figure drew itself up to its full height and began to chuckle, a mirthless laugh that built into a sinister, chilling cackle. At least it would have built into a cackle if he hadn't begun wheezing and choking in the middle of it. J stood with his head cocked to one side, wondering how long this was going to take. Eventually the spasm subsided. The dark figure beat his chest a few times to clear his throat.
"Maybe ya should just tell me who y'are," J suggested.
"Perhaps that would be better," the figure admitted, and paused for effect before adding, "Doubtless you've heard of me: I am Damask!"
"Who?" J asked blankly.
"Damask! You know, from pulp fiction?" He looked more like Da'nose; his enormous honker the only thing visible beneath the brim of the slouch hat and hooded gown he wore. "I've come out of retirement to rescue the princess."
"How'd ya hear bout that?"
The dark figure narrowed his eyes cryptically. "Damask covers all."
"That duzn't answer my question."
"That's the problem with this generation of heroes," Damask grumbled. "No respect. Look at you. You call that a costume, a Hawaiian shirt? Who are you supposed to be, Magnum Pee-wee?"
"At least I ain't wearin' a dress."
"It's a voluminous robe. All us pulp heroes wore them back then. It was considered quite stylish for fighting crime and injustice."
"Ya'd hafta do a lotta fightin' to wear that outfit."
Damask sank a hand into J's shoulder, revealing a remarkable grip for an old coot. "Don't mess with me boy," he hissed. "I used to knock off twenty hoodlums, go through half a dozen car chases, and survive three explosions every night; then drag my bullet-riddled body home before breakfast. And I can still handle punks like you. Now," he released his grip, "we'll sneak into that seedy waterfront dive over there," he pointed across the street, "and find some stoolie to rat on the big cheese."
J massaged his shoulder, wondering if he should point out there weren't any waterfront dives out here, the ship channel being on the other side of town. He decided to let it go and see if he could get it over with.
"Now," Damask led him to the side of a building, "this calls for the utmost stealth and caution. It's a rough crowd in there. Nobody takes your order, the waiters beat it out of you; and closing time is whenever the men's room overflows. What we'll do is use our grappling hooks to climb up the side and let ourselves in through an upstairs window." He produced a stout line and hook from within the folds of his cloak. "We'll go together, on three."
"Uh..."
"Now what?"
"I don't carry grapplin' hooks on me. Sorry."
"Good grief," Damask smacked himself on the forehead and with a "what is this?" began frisking J-man. "Son, you're not carrying a thing. All you've got is some coins, a rosary, and this poison dart."
"It's a guitar pick."
"Now I get it; you're the Son of El Ka-bong. My God, if the day ever came when I left home without my hooks and lock picks and nose putty, not to mention explosive powders and—"
By now J was getting pretty fed up. "Now looky here," he spoke up.
"Oh, don't apologize; we all had to start somewhere. Here, just use mine. Hook it over the roof and we'll crawl up together." J took the line and twirled it overhead. "No, no boy! You're not roping a steer! Spin it sideways and toss it straight up."
J muttered something under his breath and tried again, sending the heavy hook flying straight into the air. He felt the rope tighten as it sailed out of sight, looked at Damask and uttered an Oliver Hardy like "Hmmf!" Suddenly the rope slackened and went loose. "Uh-oh," he yelled, diving for cover, "d-d-d-duck!"
Damask stayed put. "It's Da-mask, you idiot, not Da—" KLOONG! The falling hook conked him on the head and he dropped like a rock. J knelt over him and patted his cheek. Slowly he came to. "Ah yes," he rambled, "the garden of crime needs constant weeding... and I'm the fertilizer... Report, Beaumont: what's the status of the Maxwell grant...? No Harry, you can't play with my paste and scissors... Yes Margo, you're much prettier than Lois..."
"Uh, Mr Damask, ya okay?"
"Huh? What?"
"Here." J handed him his slouch hat. "I'll just block it fer ya."
"No-no, you've done enough." He got unsteadily to his feet and braced one hand against the wall. "Only if you don't mind, I think I'll call it a night. I have a slight headache and don't feel much like clouding men's minds tonight."
"I un'erstand," said J. "Maybe if ya start now, ya kin make it home in time fer breakfast."
"Yes, well, glad I could help. And now I must melt into the night."
"Goodnight," said J, "an' thanks."
Damask waved weakly, then faded into darkness. The last J heard was a screech of brakes and a voice yelling, "Hey lady, watch where you're going!"
9. Postures
A short time later a small cat showed up at West Lakes Park. It nosed around the pond, disturbing the ducks which in turn rose up and chased it away. The cat scurried down one of the patio-lighted pathways, then stopped, and, scratching its ear, uttered an irritated meow. Suddenly it heard heavy footsteps approaching, and hid behind a bush. 
There were four of them: two guys and a girl wearing jumpsuits, and a big splotchy-looking lug in boxer shorts. Their voices indicated it was the same bunch from the attack earlier.
"I don't get it, Les," the girl, a stacked blonde this side of forty, chewed noisily on a mouthful of bubble gum. "Why'd we come back here?"
"Yeah dude," said the shaggy-haired guy, "like we totally axed that rad benny and turned the queebie to the trolls." 
This caused Les to pull up. "What did he say?"
"Splash said we saved the princess," the girl translated. "So why can't we go home?" 
A small thought balloon appeared over the bushes. Saved th' princess?
"Sorry Midnite," Les shook his head, puzzled, "but something doesn't add up. Did it look like he was threatening her?"
Midnite shrugged her shoulders and went back to chewing her gum.
"Runt didn't look like he could threaten anyone," boomed the big lug.
"Exactly," said Les. "And when we returned her to her people, they sped off without a word."
Her people? the thought balloon echoed.
"Not even a thank you," observed the girl.
"Aw, you worry too much," opined the big lug.
"Bro, like Spud's hooting jacked," the shaggy Splash seconded. "I vote we adios this booney. We're snarfing bogus, you know."
Les gave him the major stink-eye. "Now look here Splash—"
"Oh chill," said Midnite. "He means we didn't have time to obtain green cards before coming in."
"I know what he means!" Les ragged full on. "What I don't understand is why a middle-aged wannabe from Idaho talks like some purplified gremmie!"
Idaho? Of course! The outfits, the hopelessly out-dated slang...
J-man stepped out from the bushes, eyes aglow, and yelled, "Hey!"
"Look Les," shouted the girl, "it's the kidnapper again."
The big lug, Spud, looked up, "Come back for more have you?" and with a cry of "It's scalloping time!" thundered in on the runt. This time however, the Hawaiian-shirted half-pint was ready, trapping the charging Spud in a front face-lock and planting him on his head with a DDT.12 
Next came Splash, his body midway dissolving into a watery mist. J tossed a handful of dirt, holding him just solid enough for a totally gnarly palm thrust to the chin.
Suddenly a familiar cloud of darkness enveloped him and he felt a snaky hand upon his shoulder. J grabbed the arm, placed his elbow back of the shoulder blade and jumped forward—a shoulder-breaker move once known as the Grappler Twist. Les cried in pain and the inky cloud lifted as the girl raced to his side. J switched to an overhand wristlock and pulled up on it. Les screamed again, "Owww!" and looked the girl off.
"Now d'we talk?" J straddled Les' shoulder, eyeing the others. No one said anything, so...
"Owww! All right, all right! Spud, Splash, stay back!"
"Aw let me at him," said Spud. "Who does he think he is anyway?"
The bantam battler shrugged. "Do th' letters F-O mean anythin' to ya?"
J-man and Spud burned holes in each other while Midnite and Splash looked on. Les tapped J's elbow. "Would you mind letting go of my shoulder? I think you dislocated it."
J shook his head.
"I assure you I'm no threat. Midnite will do as I ask; and with all that sand in his eyes I doubt Splash will be bok for the jol."
"Whut about Mr Potato Head here?"
"Potato Head! Why you—" Spud charged J. The gaunt-faced grappler caught him in a drop toehold and Spud's nose ker-splatted the sidewalk.
"Ye-owww!" howled Les, J having maintained the armlock on him. "Like my shoulder wasn't mangled enough already. Can't you guys see the kid's not a crime fighter, but a wrestler?"
"Wrestler?" said Spud, somewhat stupidly.
"Yes, wrestler. Now," he addressed J, "would you please let go of my arm before I pass out?"
Introductions followed. As J figured, it was indeed that famous foursome from Idaho: the crime fighting unit known as Special Services, led by Mr Special—a social outcast despite the fact he encouraged people to call him Les often. A failed experiment13 had left him with an amazingly pliant and rubbery skin texture—although, as J had proved, his connective joints were still quite normal. With him was his wife, Midnite, so named for her ability to form intense areas of darkness; and her brother Splash, who could deliquesce into anything from a foggy mist to a bucket of water. (Special Services often supplemented their income by renting him out to holy-roller organizations for group baptisms.) 
And then there was the big, splotchy looking fellow. 
"Don't let Spud fool you," said Midnite. "The accident may have morphed him into an ill-tempered, over-sized, lumpy, spotty-skinned, rough-textured, mottle-surfaced—"
"Ahem!"
"But underneath it all, he's a regular sweet potato. Why, he even has a blind girl friend."
"Wuz that before or after she saw him?"
10. If you have ghosts
"Lemme git this straight: ya gotta call sayin' Princess Fely had been abducted by renegade Texans?"
"That's right," said Mr Special, "and since Houston has no Licensed State Hero we came to help."
"Whut about Lone Star 'n Yellow Rose?"
"The person said they were busy elsewhere."
"Oh." J scratched an ear. "So thinkin' me th' bad guy, ya grabbed th' princess 'n handed her to th' real kidnappers."
"Hey, we didn't know. We thought we were helping."
"So whut hap'ned when ya turned her over? Ya see anythin'?"
"No. We put her in a dark car and it sped away."
"Good grief!" J lamented. "Ain't ya got any clues at all?"
Midnite stopped smacking her gum a moment. "Didn't we have our automatic call tracer on?"
"That's right," said Mr Special. "Funny I didn't pay attention to it at the time."
"Okay," said J, impatiently. "So where wuz it from?"
"Can't recall exactly," said Midnite, "but it was somewhere in Dallas."
"Dallas!" J went livid. "That's not even part of Texas!"
Mr Special sighed. "If I had a French fry for every time I've heard that..."
It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what was going on. Someone in Dallas was trying to sabotage Houston's shot at the Philippine yo-yo concession and had conned a group of well-intentioned outsiders into doing their dirty work. J-man shook his head in wonder at the absolute perfidy of the thing. 
"An' I don't even know whut that means." 
All he knew was he had to do something to get her back. 
"Okay, Spatial, so whut d'we do now?"
"It's Special," Les corrected.
"And what's this 'we' crap?" Spud broke in. "This is your problem, not ours. If the Philippines wants to declare war on both Houston and Dallas, it's fine with me."
J got in his face. He had to stand on a park bench to do it. "Ya got mashed potatoes fer brains or sumthin'? It wuz y'all whut got her kidnapped in th' furst place!"
"Why you—" Spud raised a fist.
"Spud!" The girl wedged between them. "Stop it! The kid's right. We're to blame for that poor child's kidnapping. So whether you like him or not, we still have to rescue her."
"Midnite's right, Spud," said Les. "We were tricked into performing a criminal deed and we have to repair the damage done to our reputation."
The shaggy-haired Splash had been gelling on the sidelines, tending his jaw. The dirt in his eyes had solidified and he was having difficulty seeing. It would eventually work itself out, but for now he was on the shelf. Unless... A thought occurred to him. He came over and laid a hand on his sister's shoulder. 
"What is it Splash?"
"Kur," he managed painfully.
"Kur?" she repeated. Everyone was puzzled. Except J-man. To him, it sounded almost Texan.
"Car! He wants ya to take him where th' kidnapper's car wuz."
It was a pretty good idea actually. The parked car had been running its AC—even January nights in Texas are warm—and the condensation had leaked onto the pavement. By liquefying his fingers, Splash was able to pinpoint its composition and follow the trail to where the car had gone. A couple of hours later found them outside an office building in Sugar Land.
That was all Splash could do. With Mr Special also out of commission, it left J-man, Midnite, and Spud to go in. The gaunt-faced grappler wanted to go it alone, believing himself small enough to sneak about without being detected, but the others insisted. So they chose sides—"One potato, two potato, three potato, four..."—and it was decided Midnite would go with J while Spud stayed behind as backup.
"Be careful," Les cautioned her. "Remember: everything we do here reflects upon our great state of Idaho, and its capital, the steady, unchanging, eternal city we swore to defend."
Even J was moved, understanding now what people meant when they said "Boise will be Boise."
11. Slip inside this house
Someone carelessly left a window open so they crawled inside and explored the darkened corridors. Midnite chewed her gum loudly. Despite all appearances, J wondered if she wasn't the titular leader of the group.
"Well, the tight jumpsuit helps."
J tried a door; found it locked.
"How come you don't use your powers to get inside?" she asked.
"Cos I ain't got no powers," J replied.
"Right," she smacked her gum sarcastically. "And I'm a real blonde. So how'd you manage to knock out a bear? Or beat that sonic psycho and destroy that giant cabbage creature?"
"Clean livin', I s'pose."
"Well if you ask me, I say you do have powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men, but they're an unconscious latent manifestation of the supernormal."
J shrugged, "Aw, ya read too many comic books," and continued silently down the hall; well, silent save the sound of her chewing gum. J stopped, turned his head to the right. "Hush," he told her; "listen." Sounds came from the far end: indistinct voices, one sounded female. They led to a dirt-floor room with heavy wooden doors.
"What is this?" Midnite whispered.
"I dunno. Could be an alligator pit."
"A-a-alligators? In the basement?"
"Trappers bring 'em from th' bayou; use 'em to make shoes."
"Wow," Midnite marveled; "amazing what you can train an alligator to do nowadays."
They went inside, and the door slammed shut behind them.
12. It's a cold night for alligators
J was disgusted with himself. He'd thrown himself against the door, kicked it, hammered his fists against it, even yelled at it. Now, realizing not only the futility of his efforts but also the ridiculousness of his tantrum, he sulked in a corner trying to regain his composure. 
Midnite hunkered beside him, drew patterns in the dirt, chewed her gum and blew bubbles. Finally she spoke: "A fool gives full vent to his anger."
He didn't look up. "Sorry."
"It's okay; makes you seem human."
"I am human."
"Then how come you never blink? I heard you were created in a Martian test tube along with five or six others; and you're the runt of the litter."
"Whutever."
More silence as J moped and Midnite chewed her gum. 
"It's a funny business, this Licensed State Hero jazz. We're supposed to represent good, yet we use violent means to achieve our goals." 
J shrugged. 
"Bonhoeffer says we're to turn the other cheek and let evil exhaust itself by offering no resistance." 
J looked up at her. For a dumb blonde she was surprisingly well read. 
"Do you believe in an eye for an eye?"
Once again he replied with a shrug. "Deuteronomy 19."
"Right; only Jesus overturned it in the Sermon on the Mount."
"Did he?" J stood up.
Now it was her turn to shrug. "I suppose you have another opinion?"
"It's a bit pedantic," he warned her.
"It's okay. I don't have to go yet."
He began circling the room, examining the walls. "Whut Jesus said in Matthew 5 wuz: Ya heard it said, an eye fer an eye 'n a tooth fer a tooth. But I sez to offer no resistance to one who is evil. If'n someone strikes ya on yer right cheek, turn th' other 'un to him as well."
"What translation are you quoting?"
"Revised Texas Version." The walls seemed solid enough, with no hidden passages. "That wuz after talkin' about oaths: Let yer Yes mean Yes 'n yer No mean No. He's sayin' to live yer life so yer word's accepted fer whut it is. So it's not about avengin' insults." He was crawling along the floor now. All he was getting was dirty.
"I don't get it. What insults?"
There was no way to examine the ceiling. It was too high and he was too short. He was curious if there were hidden cameras or microphones up there. 
"An opponent punchin' with his right fist strikes ya on th' left side of yer face. Th' only way to hit yer right cheek would be a backhand slap, which is an insult. So he's simply sayin' be big enough to take an insult without gettin' even."
"Oh, I see. Like you and Spud."
"Right; like me 'n... D'ya wanna git outta here or not?"
Without warning a voice filled the room. "This edition of Midnight Sermonette has been brought to you by..." It came from the ceiling, a hidden speaker, just as he suspicioned. 
"What is it you want?" asked Midnite.
"From you, nothing. Just sit tight until morning and everything'll be okay."
"I'm warnin' ya, if ya harm—"
"I know, I know. Spoken like a true Licensed State Hero."
"Joo doan mess weed Caso Grande," a second voice cackled. "Hee's eyes are everywhere!"
There was a slap and a "Shut up, you fool!" after which the first voice resumed, "Ta-ta for now. Someone will be by in the morning to let you out."
That was it. J turned to the door. "C'mon," he said, "we're gettin' outta here."
"How?" Midnite asked.
"Gotta bobby pin?"
"How about a nail file? You going to pick the lock?"
"Gonna try anyway. Now lemme at it."
"Excited?" she asked.
"I kin hardly wait to tear it apart," he said with undue enthusiasm.
"Gee," she said, "now you're starting to talk like a Filipino."
J pushed back his glasses and bent over the lock, poking at it with the nail file. He didn't know what he was doing but maybe he'd get lucky. In any event, it beat doing nothing. Suddenly Midnite went, "Ooh, I just though of something," and plunged the room into total darkness. "Now they won't be able to see us."
"Only now I can't see nuthin' either."
"Oh, darn. I didn't think of that. Here, let me help you."
"Ow! My eye!"
"Sorry."
"Just turn th' lights back on, please."
She withdrew the darkness and he resumed working. At least now it was easier squinting. Wait a minute... Was that a click? Maybe it was going to work after all. Yes, there it was...
POW!
The door flew off its hinges, carrying J-man with it, and flattened against the opposite wall.
"Midnite?"
"Spud!"
"I got worried so I came looking."
"How'd you know we were behind this door?"
"I heard noises so I kicked it open. By the way, where'd the runt go?"
KNOCK-KNOCK.
"What was that?"
KNOCK-KNOCK!
It came from the other side of the door. Spud went over and yanked it away from the wall. J stood there with his arm raised. He made the rapping motion a few more times then fell forward on his face.
"I'll say this for the runt, he's tougher than freshman algebra."
"Yes," Midnite nodded, "only once this is over, he'll likely be in sub-traction."
13. Reverberation
J-man and Spud were going at it again.
"I don't s'pose it ever occurred to ya to knock?"
"Unless you're deaf in one ear, I don't know how you couldn't have heard me. Boy, some Licensed State Hero you are."
"Oh yeah?" J leaped to his feet. "Well if ya try thinkin' first before goin' off half-baked—"
"Right," Spud leaned forward. "And if you're an example of everything's bigger in Texas—"
"Boys, boys," Midnite tried to squeeze between them; "now stop it."
Finally she managed to separate them, although they continued trading insults.
"Half-pint Houstonian."
"Boise baked potato."
"Bantam-weight bozo."
"Hashed brown heap of hogwash."
"Pimply-faced punk."
J paused. "Now justa min'it Spud," he protested, "I don't have acne;" prompting Midnite to take him by the chin and turn his face from side to side. Except for some cuts and bruises he was very clear skinned. 
"He's right, you know," she told Spud.
Spud sighed. "Look runt," he said, exasperated; "I thought we agreed to bury the hatchet back at the park."
"There's no point buryin' th' hatchet if yer gonna erect a marker on th' site."
"Huh?"
"Oh hush, Spud," Midnite told him, "it's one of those innate Texas Zen quips;" and turning to J, said, "and don't be so hard on Spud."
"He yam whut he yam."
"I mean it," she scolded. "He knows what you're going through. The truth is, his girlfriend ran out on him while he was taking a bath."
"She musta waited years fer th' opportunity."
They called a truce and went down the hall. "Odd there's no security," Spud observed.
J couldn't believe he was so dumb, "Not all offices 're guarded, ya know," and pushed open a door marked Foyer. It was filled with armed guards. J slammed the door shut, "Then again..." and raced back down the hall, ending up back in the alligator pit. Spud blocked the doorway, ready to fight, while J thumped the wall. "Hey, Spud, c'mere. Here's sumthin' right up yer alley."
"Up my alley?"
"Up yers."
That brought him over.
J spoke fast. "We passed a corridor. So there oughta be a stairwell on th' other side of this wall."
The raging russet got the message and smashed a fist through the wall, creating an opening for them to crawl out. J was partially right: it led to a maintenance area, which was next to the stairwell. 
The pursuing guards drew closer. J vaulted a sawhorse, spied a toolbox, and came up with a handsaw. He hopped back atop the sawhorse, flourishing the tool like a sabre. Spud shook his head in disbelief as the guards burst into the pit and J brandished the saw like Errol Flynn challenging Basil Rathbone.
Spud kicked in the wall to the stairwell, then reached out with one big paw jerking J-man along by the collar. Midnite threw a blanket of darkness over the guards and the three swiftly made their way up the stairwell.
Seven, they raced up the stairs, eight, reading the numbers at each level. Nine, Midnite was out of breath. Ten, J drag-carried her. Eleven, Spud was starting to puff. Twelve, no way could J carry him. Thirteen, finally they made the roof. "At last," Spud gasped.
They could hear the guards fumbling their way up the stairs through the Midnite darkness. Again J struck his en garde pose with the handsaw. "Hey, wait a minute," he straightened; "ya guys realize where we are?"
It was a stupid question considering they'd never been there before.
"Oh, right. Well, there's only one place in Texas with thirteen floors: th' Roky Erickson Fed'ral Buildin'. These're TBI offices. We've been set up again!"
The Au Gratin Avenger stood at the edge of the roof, peering into the courtyard. 
"Would ya put that back? Yer s'posed to be peerin'; not—"
"We got to jump," Spud said.
"Yer crazy," J told him. "We're on th' thirteenth floor!"
"I'm not superstitious. Just grab onto my neck and, if we're lucky—"
"Lucky?" asked Midnite.
"If I can leap far enough, I'll snag the flagpole and slide down it."
"Oh my God!"
"Ya gotta be kiddin'."
"Would you rather stay and hold them off with your saw?"
There wasn't much J could do. Breaking into a federal building with a couple of illegal aliens would take some explaining. And to judge the faces of the guards pouring from the stairwell, it didn't look as though the letters F-O would mean anything to them. So, still clutching the handsaw, he grabbed Spud's neck opposite the girl, closed his eyes, and held on for dear life as Spud took a running leap from the roof. For a moment there was the sensation of soaring through air, helpless and unsupported. Then came a sudden jolt as Spud caught the flagpole, the momentum carrying them forward such that the pole, sagging under the big guy's weight, bent like a tender sapling and deposited them gently on the ground. 
Spud breathed a sigh of relief, reached back and helped the girl down. 
J eased off Spud's back, eyes still tightly shut, and gripped the pole to steady himself, while Spud, thinking all was clear, let go of it. It snapped back with J still holding on, twanging like a Duane Eddy guitar string and whipping violently from one side to the other. J's scream faded in and out in an excellent demonstration of the Doppler effect, while the pole itself produced its own unique tonalities as the arc of its swing both narrowed and quickened. 
His glasses went first, followed by his sneakers. Finally the saw was torn from his grasp. The blade went ripping across the sky, catching the reflected light of city lamps. People along the south coast reported the sighting, which was picked up by the radar station at the Air Force Base near Galveston. 
"What is it Corporal?" the Major asked.
"You'll never believe me," replied the radar operator.
"Try me, son."
"It's a flying saw, sir."
14. I walked with a zombie
At last it stopped. Like a wino hugging a lamppost, J-man slid down the pole, his fingers raking the surface like nails on a blackboard. After rejoining the others, they located a convenience store, bought him a soda ("No-no; diet coke."), then sat on the curb waiting for him to recover. Eventually J looked up at Spud and stuttered, "Ya g-g-got a-any m-more half-mast ideas?"
"That does it," Spud snatched the soda cup from J's hand, "I'm going home," and dumped it over J's head. He then placed the empty cup atop J's head and crushed it with a loud pop. "Let them go to war. I'd rather face the Mold Man or Glue-Gun Gus any day than work with this dipstick."
Mr Special, nursing his injured shoulder, got to his feet. "For once I agree with you, Spud. Splash and I need medical attention. Besides, we were duped into coming here illegally and have no authority to get involved." He looked over at the girl. "Midnite?"
She nodded. "I'm sorry," she told J, "but Spud's right. I've been doing some soul searching and—"
J looked up dizzily. "If ya see a pair of sneakers, they're mine."
And so the famous crime fighting foursome know as Special Services—Mr Special, Spud, Splash, and Midnite—up and left; while J staggered to his feet, still picking ice from his hair, and called after them: "I never did un'erstand whut made ya so fantastic in th' furst place." He slumped back down, then jumped up again. "An' someone's gonna git a bill fer my glasses!"
Part Three
"The dogs have a mighty appetite."
Isaiah 56:11
15. Sharp dressed man
The parking lot was pretty empty that time of night. Even had it been full, that one would've stood out. You just don't see many limousines in downtown parking lots. You don't see many Siamese cats either. Alley cats are usually marmalade or tortoise shell; seldom Siamese. The cat scooted across the open lot, went to the limo, and jumped on the hood. The engine was still warm. The cat jumped back down and sniffed the spot where water from the AC puddled on the asphalt, an almost-satisfied look registering in its blue eyes. The cat lingered a moment, scratching an ear as if deciding what to do next, then took off in the direction of City Hall.
16. Got me under pressure
Princess Fely wasn't feeling much like a princess as she huddled in the dark. At that moment she was just a frightened girl. She didn't know where she was, only that it was in a building; nor could she recall how she'd gotten there: just she'd been grabbed, carried, driven, carried again, and deposited here. She didn't even know why she was there, only the whispered threat that it was for her own good. She hugged herself soundlessly; soundless because somewhere along the way she'd been relieved of her jewelry.
The window was opaque, admitting no light, and no light showed under the door. She figured it was an empty office as the room was carpeted and she felt plugs and phone jacks in the wall. All in all it was very uncomfortable, the floor hard, with no way to curl up and rest. There were the usual night noises: crickets, an occasional motor passing by, and once, what sounded like a stepped-on cat. She slipped her arms inside her momo and pulled it up around her neck, then tried to snuggle in the corner.
"Pssst."
She sat up.
"Pssst," it came again.
She pressed herself deeper into the corner.
"Princess, ya in there?"
"Who is it?" she whispered.
"It's th' night watchman."
"W-what is it you watch?"
"How would I know? It's too dark to see."
"J?"
He opened the door and slipped in. She startled briefly at the fading glow of his eyes, then threw herself into his arms. "Oh, J," she cried, "it is you!" He reached into his pocket and produced a blue bandanna. She dried her eyes, "I was so scared," blew her nose and handed it back.
He looked at it, told her to keep it. "By th' way, ya didn't happen to see a cat, did ya?"
"No."
"Good."
She noticed him limping slightly. "What happen you foot?"
"Uh... nuthin'." He changed the subject. "Y'okay?"
"How you get in?"
"Would ya believe th' door wasn't locked? Really, of all th' stu—" She made with a regal sounding cough, after which he quickly added: "Course I'm sure ya wuz just too shook up to try it," and it was like the room felt colder all of a sudden. 
"You sneak in?" she asked.
"Yeah."
"That why you no wear shoes?"
"Sorta. It's a long story."
"But, how you find me...here?"
There was a long pause. "I smelled ya."
"No understand. Not wear perfume."
He blushed, not that she could see it, "Yer hair smells like blue-bonnets at Easter," and suddenly it got warmer again; perhaps because she was blushing too.
He told her about the Roky Erickson Federal Building, and how since it was a TBI branch office it seemed only logical to check out the main headquarters at City Hall.
"Man responsible need be tried and found guilty," the princess said with conviction.
"Yer talkin' that way again."
"What way?"
"Nevermind." He fell silent, the lines of his forehead scrunching into a faint M shape. "Well whoever he is can't be from Dallas—cos he's actually sorta personable—so it must be a third party tryin' to start a war between Dallas 'n th' rest of Texas."
"Oh my goodness, then we must do something."
"Whut d'ya mean?"
"Don't you see? If come to war, Texas destroy Dallas; be as though it never exist."
J mulled it over. "So...whut's th' problem?"
17. Every night a new surprise
"Come," the princess made for the door; "my people help."
J stopped her. "I think they're in on it. Didn't ya notice it wuz th' same limo?"
"I already tell you: they say they do this to prevent kidnapping."
"Then why'd they leave ya in th' furst place? No bodyguard would do that."
"Ooh; you right. But what point?"
"Th' guy in Sugar Land said sumthin' about a big box."
"Big box?"
"Yeah, caso grande."
"That not big box; that Big Cheese."
"Big Cheese? Hmm, then Damask wuz right after all."
"Who?"
"Oh, nuthin'." He went silent, pondering it some more.
"Anyway..." she prompted.
"Oh, yeah. Well th' way I figure, there's a faction in th' TBI tryin' to exploit th' Spanish connection with Mexico 'n th' Philippines to stir things up with th' gringos. Texas attacks Dallas, Dallas calls its Yankee allies from beyond th' Wall, 'n in th' confusion th' third party steps in 'n gits th' yo-yo deal." He smiled, pleased with himself.
The princess looked totally confused. "What Spanish connection?" she asked.
J's smile faded. "Hmm." He scratched his ear. "Okay, then how bout this: we've uncovered a nefarious conspiracy by th' Texas government, aided 'n abetted by rogue elements within th' TBI, fer th' sole purpose of manipulatin' 'n decievin' th' Texas public."
The princess shook her head. "Sound like hokey X-Files plot."
Still, hokey plot or not, they had to save Dallas.
"Rats," J sighed, not exactly thrilled at the prospect. "Guess I never realized th' yo-yo business wuz so competitive."
"It have its ups and downs," she nodded. 
18. All I saw was you
"Stay put while I reconnoiter."
"Do what?"
"I gotta go to th' bathroom."
"Oh, okay."
There he goes, she thought. Silently he moves, swift and sure-footed in the darkness... 
BUMP!
"Ouch!"
...his keen senses like those of a jungle creature...
CRASH! TINKLE!
"Ow-waah!"
...deftly dodging all obstacles as he zeroes in on his prey.
THUMP! BANG! TUMBLE!
"Dang, I wish I had m' glasses."
19. Legs
They felt their way down the dark corridors. J peeked around a corner then flattened against the wall, motioning her to get down.
"What up?" she whispered.
"There's a guard. We gotta git past him."
"How?"
"Hmm..." He scratched his ear. "Kin ya do anythin' fer a diversion?"
"I do bird imitations," she said cautiously.
"Gee; I dunno..."
"Or I could stand with no clothes on."
"That'd work."
Somewhat embarrassed, she removed her momo and stood in her panties. Though small, she had slim legs, a nice curve, and a cute bottom. Gosh, she's beautiful, thought J. 
"You no have to look."
"Sorry."
He wasn't all that accustomed to seeing real live girls with no clothes on. The nuns at the orphanage frowned on that sort of thing. Upon reflection, decided it was true when people said that while anatomy is something everyone has, it looked better on girls.
She eased around the corner, leaned provocatively against the wall. The guard looked up. "Hey, wad joo do-ween?" he banditoed. "How leetle skool gurl geet een here weed no close on?"
He came toward her. She backed away, drawing him to where J waited. J whomped him in the gut, hit a Polish Hammer to the neck, then cracked him with a kneelift. He wanted to beat on him some more for that "little school girl" crack, but there was no time. Grabbing the princess by the arm, he ran to the guard's desk and shoved her under it, then checked out the door marked Basement.
"Where it go?" she asked, peeking over the desktop.
"Down."
"Can see that."
"Let's go then," he reached for her.
"No!" she retreated under the desk.
"Whut d'ya mean, no? We gotta git movin' fore anyone comes."
Again she drew back. "You leave momo back there! Now me naked!"
"Aw, c'mon Princess; yer not naked. Ya still got yer underwear."
"I suppose you want take that too."
"I didn't say—"
"How come girl alway lose clothes in story? Why never guy?"
"Keep yer voice down, would ya?" He'd like to think, if the shoe were on the other foot, he'd be more cool about it. "Besides, it wuz yer idea."
"Oh, right. Like you could seduce guard."
J scratched his head. "I dunno; some parts of town, maybe... " This was getting them nowhere. "Look Princess, I'm sorry if, in th' process of savin' yer life, I caused ya any embarrassment."
"Em-bare-ass? So you do want me naked!"
"No, I don't wanna see ya naked!" Which wasn't exactly true, but again, the nuns at the orphanage...
"What? You no think me pretty?"
"Oh good grief! Take m' shirt." She reached from beneath the desk and snatched it. "Geez, yer spoiled."
"Am princess," she said, peavishly. "Am supposed be spoiled." Then she smiled, and all was forgotten.
His shirt fit her like a good speech; long enough to cover the subject yet short enough to keep things interesting. Only now it was his turn to feel uncomfortable. Because of his size he never liked going bare-chested. It's why he wore a full-body singlet in the ring. Although I don't know why, he thought; I got some pretty good muscles fer a little guy.
"Gee," said the princess, "you got pretty little muscles for good guy."
"Thanks... I guess."
20. Party on the patio
Keeping low, they made their way down the stairwell. It led to an open area with some adjoining rooms. At the far end was a raised platform with lots of machinery: consoles, buttons, and switches. Three men stood on the platform. The two in front had long stringy beards while the one in the back was clean-shaven except for a moustache. All wore baseball caps and cheap sunglasses.
"Them tres hombres must be th' leaders," J noted grandly.
Some hirelings also milled about. J counted eight. They wore hooded robes and, from what he could glimpse, also had beards and sunglasses.
"It like some kind of cult," the princess spoke trendily.
"I ain't sure if I kin take 'em all."
She patted his arm reassuringly. "Use wits, not fists."
J wasn't so sure; he knew he had fists.
So which one was Caso Grande? 
It was the guy without a beard who spoke first. "Deguello," he told the stouter of the two, "you and El Loco get to your stations now." It was the voice from the Federal Building in Sugar Land.
"Don't forget to fetch the girl," said Deguello.
"And I still need the guidance control chip," El Loco put in.
"I'll get them," said Caso Grande; "just get to your posts."
Once they left the platform, taking separate rooms on either side of the stairway, Caso Grande handed an underling a small envelope. "Take this to El Loco."
J waited for the man to pass his way. He grabbed a handful of sleeve and yanked him face-first into the cement wall. Slipping into the robe, and motioning the princess to stay put, he took the envelope and eased into the room with El Loco.
"Yes?" He had a deep drawl.
"Mess-seege fer El Logo."
"It's Loco!" The room was filled with electronic gadgetry. "You have the guidance chip?"
"Si, El Logo."
"It's Loco! L-O-K... No, L-O-W... Oh hell, just give it to me."
J shrugged, "Ho-kay," and dropped him with a single punch; then got the princess inside. "Git into his robe while I tie him up."
"What that thing?"
"Dunno," he handed her the envelope; "sure don't weigh much."
"Hardly one-sixteenth of a pound," she announced.
He wanted to cringe. Instead he dumped the contents into his palm: it was a small do-hickey of some kind.
The princess shrugged. "I not know anything about physics," she said particularly.
"Yer doin' it again," he said finally.
"Sorry."
J pocketed the do-hickey. "That Da'guano guy wanted ya brought to him. Maybe we should visit him next."
Crossing the basement, J inched the door open and peeked in. Deguello was speaking to a big hulking fellow. "Lobo, see what's keeping them. I need the girl here when I make the phone call." Lobo responded in a deep guttural howl. J closed the door, Lobo came out, and J followed him down the hall. When he came back he was blowing on his fist and shaking his fingers.
"You okay?" asked the princess.
"I need to start tapin' my fists."
He rapped at the door.
"Who is it?"
J imitated Lobo's raspy howl: "A-how-how-how-how," and Deguello acknowledged. The princess removed her robe as they stepped inside. This time it was a dusty room full of communications equipment, along with some speakers and mike stands. With stuff like this it'd be easy to re-route a phone call so it appeared to originate somewhere else. Deguello squinted in the dark. Wearing those cheap sunglasses didn't help.
"You must be Princess Fely."
"And you must be Da'guano," she responded.
"It's Deguello."
"What ever."
Deguello lifted his glasses to leer at her. "Mmm," he stroked his beard, "a regular Mexican blackbird."
"I no think so," she shrank back.
"Don't bother to scream, Francine; no one can hear you." She looked in J's direction and Deguello added, "As for my assistant, Lobo is mute. Isn't that right Lobo?"
"Yes master," J answered. 
Oops, that wasn't right.
For a moment no one knew what to do. Then Deguello went to his boot for a weapon. The princess lifted a mike stand, slammed it into his gut, and then brought it down over his head. J was amazed. "Where'd ya learn to do that?"
"Dragon Fighter practice," she answered. "Any Philippine school child know how."
As they tied Deguello with microphone cords the gaunt-faced grappler allowed himself to bask in his innate Texas sense of self-satisfaction. "We're doin' pretty good: th' guard, th' messenger, El Logo, now Lobo 'n Da'guano. That's five down." He hoped she was duly impressed.
"Still lot left though."
For such a pretty girl she sure had a way of bringing things back down to reality. He peeked out the door, saw someone walking toward the stairwell. Here we go a'gin, J sighed. He overtook him on the stairs, whipped him into the wall and dropkicked him against it. J wiped the blood from his socks, heard another one coming up the stairs, and took him out with a pescado.14 He then returned to the princess.
"That's seven."
"Leave four; Caso Grande and three other."
J thought a moment. He needed to get to the floor area, yet couldn't risk leaving the princess. "That guy by th' door... I'll take him out 'n put ya in his place. Stand on a chair 'n keep yer hood over yer face while I go down 'n mingle."
"J," the princess protested, "I no think you fit in."
"Yeah I will; long as I keep th' hood down."
"But you only five-one."
There she went with that reality business again.
"So I'll tip-toe."
21. And I thank you
El Caso Grande addressed his remaining men. "Well boys, it's here; the moment we've waited for. And while my monitor indicates someone going around with a bad Speedy Gonzalez accent, do not worry, for we shall find him. This is a glorious day I share with you, my inner circle, each of whom I know by name and have shared many experiences. I see Alberto guarding the door; I'd recognize that walk anywhere." Caso Grande descended the platform to stand amongst them. "You, Eduardo," he clasped him on the shoulder, "with whom I robbed liquor stores and stole hubcaps." He moved to the next guy. "And Pablo; together we smuggled cheap labor to line our pockets." He came alongside J-man and stopped. "And this... this small one with the squinty eyes... You are...?"
"Uh, Joaquin," J said chubbily."Yes, indeed, I'm Joaquin."
"Of course, Joaquin. And together we...?"
"Uh, wee vee-zeeted zee old folks home an' read to zee shut-eens."
"Right, we read to the shut-ins. And we also...?"
"Uh, wee donate blood an' go caroling at Creez-mas."
"Donated blood and went carol— Wait a minute; I never donated blood."
They shoved J-man into a chair, Pablo and Eduardo on either side. "I knew something was wrong," said Caso Grande. "You were the only one without whiskers, and your answers were not candid. In other words," he looked carefully from side to side, "you were not a frank beard."
Everyone groaned. 
"Sorry," he apologized.
J looked up. "So yer th' Big Box."
"It's Cheese. Caso Grande: Big Cheese."
"Or should I say, Frank Brown?"
Caso Grande pushed back his sunglasses and laughed. Indeed it was Frank Brown, the TBI agent from the mayor's place, who was the Big Cheese. "How'd you figure it out?" he asked.
J shrugged. "I guess ya could call it th' process of elimination."
"You deciphered a series of cleverly planted clues?"
"No, I thought of it while I wuz in th' bathroom."
"So you had nothing to go on?"
"It wuz kinda dirty, but I managed."
"I mean about me."
"Oh that. Ya didn't act surprised when I told Mayor Curly about th' kidnappin'. An' th' TBI wuz s'posed to keep tabs on her. Now that I think of it, them bodyguards weren't Filipino; they wuz Logo 'n Da'guano in disguise."
"It's Loco and Deguello. My God, can't you get any names right?"
"Never did believe them beards wuz real."
"It's an image thing."
"But why stir up...?"
"My God, do you think we kidnapped her for her yo-yos?"
"Well, I'll admit they ain't th' biggest..."
Frank Brown shook his head. "Some Licensed State Hero you turned out to be." He took a breath and explained. "Ever hear about the Eyes of Texas?"
Now that was a stupid question. Everyone's heard of the Eyes of Texas. Why not ask if he's heard of Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny? (On second thought, scratch that. He'd just offed Santa; and Easter was months away.) Okay, so clearly the Eyes denoted a breakaway faction within the TBI, but what was the point? Then suddenly the words of the Burning Bush came back to him: No new Texas. 
"Aw, rats! Yer gonna smear Mayor Curly so yer guy'll win th' election."
Frank Brown touched his nose. "Maybe you're not so dumb after all." He glanced at his watch. "In five minutes news will break that Dallas was responsible for the abduction...and death...of Princess Fely of Davao. Ten minutes later, acting on orders I'll claim originated from the office of Mayor Curly, I will push that button on the console and launch missiles upon Dallas. Then, when we produce the princess unharmed... Well, relatively unharmed: turns out a certain Licensed State Hero, hand-picked by the mayor to be her escort, got a bit touchy-feely..." He paused to let the pun sink in. "Mayor Curly will be ruined and the election will go to our man."
"Um, whut about me?"
"You put up a fight and we had to—"
"An' th' princess?"
"Naturally there'll need to be proof she was...violated." 
J went for him. Pablo and Eduardo threw him back in the chair and cuffed him on either side of the head. Frank Brown went on, unfazed:
"Unfortunately the new mayor will meet a sudden accident, at which time the man who exposed the old mayor and rescued the princess will step in."
"An' that'd be...?"
"Me. As for Dallas, it'll be a grassless grade, a mudless mound, a..."
"Dusty hill?"
"Not bad," Brown conceded. "Now if we could only work in a Billy Gibbons joke..."
"An' after ya become mayor?"
A wild light came to Frank Brown's eyes. "Then on to dictator as I take my place as El Caso Grande!" He was clearly over the edge.
J licked his lip. His mouth was bleeding. "One question, Peso."
"It's Caso you idiot, Caso! K-A-Z... No, wait. C-A-Y..."
"How're ya gonna use th' princess to frame th' mayor... when ya don't know where she is?" 
22. Master of sparks
"What?"
"I thin' she got a-whey," J smiled thinly.
Frank Brown smacked him hard on the head. "Pablo, Eduardo, go find her. Wait! No; I need you here." He looked at his watch, then the door. "Alberto! Go find the princess." Alberto—that is, the princess—didn't move. "Dammit man, move! The news is out and I need to fire the missiles!"
"Yeah, Alberto," J called groggily. "Fetch him th' princess."
"Alberto" let the robe drop, revealing herself. Gosh, she's got nice legs, thought J. Eduardo must've thought so too for he just stared at her Hawaiian shirt. J took the chair and smashed it over his head. Eduardo didn't get up. Then J hip-tossed Pablo into the console. He didn't get up either. Caso dove for the controls. J tackled him. They somersaulted off the platform. J grabbed him by the collar and drew back a fist.
"Go ahead," Caso taunted. "It won't do any good." He glanced at the console. Several lights were blinking. "Yeah, you stopped me, but I managed to get one missile off." The screen showed a blip slowly heading away. It was only one missile, but one missile was all it would take to start a war. "Oh yes," he said. "I'm bad; I'm Texas-wide."
J stared helplessly at the screen. The rocket was on its way. It'd hit Dallas, Dallas would fire back, and Houston would retaliate. J lowered his fist. What could he do? He was no rocket scientist. Once the missile was set on its course... Hmm. Justa min'it. He felt his pocket. The guidance control chip was still there. So, did that mean...?
The princess came to J's side, so distractingly cute in his Hawaiian shirt that he forced himself to look away. "Say Caso?" he said, getting off the man's chest.
Caso sat drumming his fingers on the floor. "What?" he snapped.
"If ya had nowhere to go...whut would ya do?"
"I don't know; probably go back where I came from.
Oh boy. "Uh, hey Caso?"
"What is it now? Can't you see I'm busy?"
J showed him the control chip.
Caso's eyes went wide, "Oh...my...Gawd," as the console indicated the blip returning.
23. It's only love
There was a mad scramble for the stairs as the now revived gang members grasped what was happening. J dragged the princess through the crowd, up the steps. She was tired and limping. Someone had stepped on her ankle. He was sore and rattled. It didn't matter. He scooped her into his arms and stumbled down the hallway, out the door, and into the street. She didn't weigh much without her jewelry. He kept on running.
An ear-splitting noise rent the air as an awesome blast tore the darkness into fiery ribbons. He covered her as best he could, falling debris pelting him like a concrete hailstorm. Something bonked him on the head and he had a vision of a cat resting beneath a shady bush. When he looked back there was nothing but a smoking pit.
Something stirred beneath him.
"Princess?"
She touched his head. It was bleeding. "You're hurt," she cried.
He took her in his arms and smiled. The truth was, he'd never felt better in his life. Then he kissed her, and kissed her, and kissed her; and he kept on kissing her until the EMS crew pulled them apart.
Part Four
"Son of man, behold, I am taking from you the delight of your eyes..."
Ezekiel 24:16
24. No friend of mine
Cars everywhere: police cruisers, news vans, wreckers, fire trucks, government vehicles. The block was cordoned off. J-man sat on a barricade, beside an ambulance. Someone had given him a blanket and he was sipping an orange juice. Two federal-looking guys came over; one stepped forward while the other hung back.
"How's it going?" He looked friendly, like a man with a ready wit.
"Who are ya?"
"Red DeWitt."
J shook his head. "I had to ask." He pointed to the other guy. "Whut about him?"
"He's my backup."
"Just in case?"
Red turned to the other guy and yelled, "Hey Justin, he knows you!"
J groaned. It kind of made you wonder about Ernest Tubb.
"Actually," said Red, "I was sort of expecting someone—"
"Taller?"
Red shook his head.
"Older?"
"Better dressed." Red handed him his Hawaiian shirt. "Thought you might want this back. The princess says thanks."
She was on the other side of the barrier, surrounded by her people. She'd gotten into a brownish bib-overall outfit with a dark blue top; still the most thump-your-foot-and-howl-at-the moon beautiful thing he'd ever seen.
"Kin I talk to her?"
"Sure," Red smiled, "no problem. I just need a moment first."
"Whut about?"
"Well you know how it is, things sort of happen. Take yesterday for instance. Someone left a bundle of joy on my doorstep. Other people get babies; me, I get dishwasher detergent."
J stared blankly at him.
"That was a joke, son. It's okay to laugh."
He didn't.
Red went on. "I guess you figured out I'm with the TBI; only I'm not one of the field agents. No, I let the other guys do the fighting. I'm more into public relations. The only martial art I know is Akimbo."
He paused, waiting for J to laugh.
J didn't.
"Akimbo. It means standing with your hands on your hips. It's a joke."
J spoke. "Look, uh, Mr DeWitt, I'm sure yer a nice guy 'n all but ya didn't come here to do a five min'it stand-up, so could ya git to th' point?"
Red DeWitt looked truly hurt. That or he was marveling at J's accent. "I guess some people just don't have a sense of humor. Me, I like to laugh. Like did you hear about the Siamese twin who ripped off his brother? Okay, okay; anyway, what we have here is sort of like when Noah loaded an evil antelope on the ark, mainly we've got good gnus and we've got bad gnus."
J coughed. Loudly. 
"Right. Well, it's like this. I just want you to know we appreciate what you've done. As far as Frank Brown goes, he's like the guy who sat in wet grass."
"His end wuz over dew."
"Ah, you've heard that one. Anyway, we have a slight problem here in that we wouldn't want it known there are renegade elements in the TBI." He was threatening to go on longer than a Protestant homily till J cut him off.
"In other words, t'night didn't hap'n?"
Red nodded. "City Hall was destroyed by a boiler explosion caused by faulty plumbing. Princess Fely had a pleasant but uneventful visit. The phone call was a hoax, and the Eyes of Texas exist only in myth and legend."
"So ya kin revive 'em later, if needed."
Red patted him on the shoulder and, for a moment, nearly succeeded in looking friendly. "You know something, kid? I like you; the way you pulled yourself out of the dumps..." His voice trailed off as the gaunt-faced grappler regarded him, silent and unblinking. "Anyway," Red finished, "you get the message," then turned and walked away. 
25. Smell of incense
It's been said that life is a series of contradictions. Or, then again, maybe it isn't. J shook his head in disgust, then went over to where the princess was standing. She motioned her people to let him through.
"Hi," he said.
"Hi," she answered. She was so beautiful. 
"Y'okay?"
"All right." A slight pause. "Sorry I petulant earlier. About shirt."
"Say, uh, I know it's prob'ly stupid to ask after all ya been through, but d'ya think yer people would let us go off a'ways? Justa little?"
"Sure."
They walked off a bit, bodyguards following at a distance. They didn't say anything, just held hands until they came to one of those historical preservation houses. "You know," she said, "we never did get to go dancing."
"We wuz sorta in'errupted." He looked around at an old fashioned gazebo in the yard, pointed toward it and asked, "Would ya like to dance?"
"I'd love to," she laughed.
They climbed the gazebo and swirled around. It wasn't like he knew how to dance, but the sound of her voice was music enough. Round and round he went, lost in the world of her laughter. He tried to dip. They stumbled and it made her laugh more. He tried it again and they tumbled over the rail and into the flowers below.
"Oh J," she said, sitting up, "I like you. Have goofy insouciance."
"Ya oughta meet m'uncle."
"Huh? What you mean?"
He shook his head. "Nothing. Just a joke."
"Oh." She snuggled up against him. It felt very nice. "You do so much," she continued. "Only wish there some way to thank you."
He looked down at the ground and pawed the dirt. "Would ya consider marryin' me?"
It wasn't exactly what she'd expected. "Is joke, right?"
He spoke quickly. "I don't make much as a rassler, but—"
"J, my family got plenty."
"I know, but I don't wanna live off yer money."
She gave him a gentle smile. "Trust me, with what you earn, we'd have to."
"Duz that mean ya will?"
She shook her head.
It was pretty much the answer he'd expected. Still, he was having trouble seeing.
26. Please
Call it stupid, but he was one of those people who believed if you waited long enough and were patient, you'd eventually meet the person who was meant for you. It was why he believed in love at first sight. 
Of course, that only works if both people are looking. 
And just then the princess wasn't looking. She was crying. "Oh, Diyos tulongan mo po ako." He took her hand but she pushed him away. "Stop! This not fairy tale. You understand? Life not fairy tale!" She said it with grim determination.
"Ya did it again."
"I don't care," she pouted.
His innate Texas common sense said let it go; only who ever heard of a heart with ears?
"Princess... don't ya...? I mean... maybe justa little...?"
She uttered a helpless sigh, and tried again. "Look, J, try understand. Princess not free. Have obligacion, responsabildad." One of the bodyguards came up. She motioned him back. "See? Must answer protocol."
"Can't ya tell Proto to call back later?"
"Oh gee," she smiled. "Guwapito pero tarantado."
"I wish ya'd talk English. No habla Filipino."
"It's Tagalog. Hindi ako marunong magtagalog. Now listen. Say I love you. Mahal kita. But we live in different world, walk separate path. Tonight, brief moment, path cross. But having cross, now move on. Maybe we be together someday. Who know? You be like Jacob, wait for Rachael, see what happen."
"Well..." He stroked her hair. It reminded him of bluebonnets at Easter.
The bodyguard coughed and held up his wristwatch.
He wanted to say something, anything.
"It all right," she said, "I know," and kissed him. It lasted forever and it lasted not at all. Then she smiled again, a smile like that of a thousand stars, and then she was gone.
27. Western union
Mayor Curly sat at his new desk, puffing away on a humongous cigar. The new desk was in a new building and it was piled high with telegrams congratulating him on his re-election. Life was sweet. Earlier that morning he attended ground-breaking ceremonies for the new yo-yo distributorship; later tonight he'd take a couple of friends to the wrestling matches. But for now he was simply relaxing.
He glanced at the cat sitting on the windowsill; a strange animal, thought Mayor Curly. He'd never seen it before, not until he'd received an autographed picture of Princess Fely of Davao and hung it on his wall; after which the cat dropped by everyday to look at it. Not that he blamed it. After all, she was quite a looker, with hair like midnight and a smile like that of a thousand stars.
He went to the window and scratched the animal behind the ears. "Too bad you're just a cat," he told it, "the way you stare at her picture she'd almost have to love you in return." 
The cat purred back at him. 
And to Mayor Curly, or to anyone who knew anything about cats, it was one of the loneliest sounds he'd ever heard.
___________________
9 They also killed Magellan; but that was before they were Catholicized.
10 Sort of like a large festering boil on an otherwise healthy body.
11 Similar to the Hawaiian mumu, only pronounced as though you cut your grass twice.
12 Although credited to Jake "the Snake" Roberts, the DDT was first used in Mexico by Black Gordman and later imported to Japan. From there, it was brought to the United States. 
13 It was some years earlier that Mr Special undertook a series of radiation experiments to establish America's supremacy in the field of potato farming. "After all," he told his colleagues, "the potato is a superior vegetable, possessing forty-eight chromosomes, whereas human DNA has only forty-six." Unfortunately his tests with the irradiated russets went awry, resulting in the physiological changes now present in himself and the others. 
14 A flying cross-body block performed by vaulting the top rope (or, in this case, a stair rail) and landing upon your opponent below.


James Hold
Thank you for reading my book. 
Please watch for future entries in my "Out of Texas" series.
Connect with me online: 
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JamesHold 

