
The
Lost
&
Found 


A Novel
By
Grant Fieldgrove

Copyright 2013 by Grant Fieldgrove
Smashwords edition



All rights reserved

ISB 978-1477688137

Published by ManChops Inc.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. The publisher does not have any control over or does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content. 

Copyright 2012 by Grant Fieldgrove
Cover Design by Eric Duhart

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission. Please do not participate or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author's rights. Purchase only authorized editions. 

First edition: November 2012  



For Julie and McClane
 

I am still living with your ghost 
Lonely and dreaming of the west coast 
I don't want to be your downtime 
I don't want to be your stupid game 

With my big black boots and an old suitcase 
I do believe I'll find myself a new place 
I don't want to be the bad guy 
I don't want to do your sleepwalk dance anymore 
I just want to see some palm trees 
I will try and shake away this disease

We can live beside the ocean 
Leave the fire behind 
Swim out past the breakers 
Watch the world die 

I am still dreaming of you face 
Hungry and hollow for all the things you took away 
I don't want to be your good time 
I don't want to be your fall-back crutch anymore 

I'll walk right out into a brand new day 
Insane and rising in my own weird way 
I don't want to be the bad guy 
I don't want to do your sleepwalk dance anymore 

I just want to feel some sunshine 
I just want to find some place to be alone

We can live beside the ocean 
Leave the fire behind 
Swim out past the breakers 
Watch the world die


        As he sat propped up on his bed, clutching his prescription bottle of Oxycontin in his brittle hand, Mark Briggs thought back to a time before his life had derailed. At this moment, the intense pain inflicting his body and soul came from more than the terminal cancer eating away at him like an enzyme. His girlfriend of the past three years, Samantha McDormand, had just broken up with him. Her reasoning seemed selfish and cruel to him. She had told him, simply, that she could not stand by and watch him wither away to nothing and die. 
        
        The memory currently running through the hippocampus of his brain recalls a moment frozen in time; him sitting in his car at the passenger drop off at Eppley Airfield in Omaha. His mother in the front seat, father in the back. Him being in too much of a hurry to even help them retrieve their luggage from the trunk or walk them to their terminal. He had a date that night and, at that moment, he was eager to ditch his parents and return home. 

        Once unloaded, he gave his parents a listless wave out the window and half-heartedly requested they bring him back a t-shirt from...wherever. Honestly, at the time, he couldn't even remember to which island they were going. They told him they loved him and would see him in two weeks. Mark had responded with some vague retort then speedily left the airport. He loved his parents and was elated with their felicity, but he just had other things on his mind at the time of their departure; a gorgeous little redheaded spitfire named Samantha whom he had met the previous weekend.

        Mark's parents had been engaged for over two years before they had enough money for a nice wedding. When all was said and done, they had nothing left over for a honeymoon. They returned to their apartment after the festivities and spent December 29th, 1978, their wedding night, watching the series' finale of Rhoda on CBS. Eleven months later, in November of 1979, their only child, Mark Alan Briggs, was born.

        It took over thirty years but Mark's parents finally had the time and means to take the honeymoon of which they had always dreamed. After Mark dropped them off at the airport, they boarded their flight transporting them to Los Angeles where they would hop on another plane that would spirit them away to Hawaii for twelve days in paradise; far away from the biting cold of Nebraska's winter.

        Mark had just stepped out of the shower with Samantha when he received the call informing him his parents' tour-guided helicopter went down in the mountains of Oahu, leaving no survivors. He recalls his vision blurring and slowing kaleidoscoping back into focus as Samantha continually shook his shoulder attempting to reacquire his attention.

        Shortly after he had spread all that was left of his parents into the breeze over Lake Zorinsky, where he and his father had spent many summer days fishing, Mark received a substantial sum of money as a settlement from the tour guide's insurance company. He didn't care, though. The money meant nothing to him. He wanted his family back, or at the very least, another chance to give them a proper farewell instead of the rushed, apathetic wave he offered up as they wheeled their luggage into the airport and out of his life forever. The clichéd hope of all recently abandoned, he thought.

        He moped around his house for almost a month. He was fired from his job and his only means of support was the monetary gain that came with his parents' demise. He left his apartment and moved into his parents' house, which was bought and paid for and left to him. Samantha took up most of the domestic duties around the house and had all but moved in. One night, while lying in bed together, in an attempt to cheer him up, Samantha reached her hand into the front of Mark's pajama pants in the hopes of getting something started. She began juggling his testicles with her fingers and then suddenly stopped. He turned to look at her, to give her a smile, and discovered the cold look of arrant concern that formed upon her face.

        "Babe, what's this?" she inquired in a dire timbre, her hand rubbing the lump on his right testicle. 

        Now, nearly two years after his parents left him, he sits in the bed he has all but been condemned to die in. He released a heavy sigh and popped the cap from his pills. He tipped the bottle slightly to peek inside and make sure there was enough in there to get the job done. In actuality, he had no idea how much Oxy it would take to kill him and release him from his misery, but he still had to try. He slowly poured the pills into the palm of his left hand and dropped the bottle beside him on the bed. He extended his right arm towards his night stand and wrapped his cold hand around a bottle of water his nurse had left for him, the cap loose.

        So this is how it ends, he thought. A nobody. A thirty-three year old man with no family, no girl. A broken down shell of a human being with one testicle and metastasized cancer rapidly draining the life from him. At least he had beaten his expected time-frame. His doctor had given him six months, he was now heading into his seventeenth. He felt it was a grim and rather meaningless accomplishment, but an accomplishment nonetheless. His mortality clock was ticking, though and he knew it. Up until then, the pain had been bearable with proper medication and rest, but with Samantha's absence it didn't seem to matter anymore. He guessed he didn't have more than a month left on this planet, probably not even enough to get him to Christmas, and decided it was better to go out on his own terms than to leave it up that cruel mistress called fate. 

        He emptied his medication-filled palm into his mouth and took a deep guzzle of water, ultimately swishing the pills around in this mouth for a few seconds before deciding to take the plunge. The tablets made their pernicious jaunt down his throat before colonizing in his gut. From there they began to slowly secrete their chemicals throughout Mark's anatomy to subdue the descending paths to his brain and block the transmission of pain.

        He picked up the remote control, aimed it at his stereo and hit the play button. From the speakers came a song about Santa Monica. About swimming out past the breakers and watching the world die. He reached for his iPhone, opened up the notebook app and typed a few words then placed the phone squarely on his chest. Over the music he vaguely heard the sound of someone knocking on a door, somewhere far off, perhaps in another world, but he ignored it and focused solely on the pleasant euphony the music was providing. When his eyelids became heavy and started to descend, he had a smile on his face and a picturesque view of a luminous, glimmering blue ocean filling his imagination; something he had only seen on television and in the movies. And in his dreams.





AND UNDER THE BOUGHS UNBOWED
ALL CLOTHED IN A SNOWY SHROUD
SHE HAD NO HEART SO HARDENED
ALL UNDER THE BOUGHS UNBOWED

EACH FEATHER IT FELL FROM SKIN
TILL THREADBARE WHILE SHE GREW THIN
HOW WERE MY EYES SO BLINDED?
EACH FEATHER IT FELL FROM SKIN

AND I WILL HANG MY HEAD, HANG MY HEAD LOW
AND I WILL HANG MY HEAD, HANG MY HEAD LOW

A GRAY SKY, A BITTER STING
A RAIN CLOUD, A CRANE ON WING
ALL OUT BEYOND HORIZON
A GREY SKY, A BITTER STING

AND I WILL HANG MY HEAD, HANG MY HEAD LOW
AND I WILL HANG MY HEAD, HANG MY HEAD LOW 

        Daniel's mother met his father while vacationing in Spain during the summer of 1978. He was thirteen years her senior but he had developed such vehement affection for the young woman that he drastically left all he had behind to pursue her all the way to Middle-Of-Nowhere Nebraska. They were married three weeks later and the following May Daniel arrived. 

        While Daniel was still a baby, his father started a wheat farm that began to thrive, allowing him to fully support his family and provide them with a palatial life. They moved from their two bedroom apartment into a new house in an upper-middle-class neighborhood in Omaha, where soon after they welcomed a baby girl named Elizabeth into their lives. 

        As the kids grew older, Daniel became very protective of his little sister. They formed a bond, as most siblings do, that continues to get stronger, even to this day. Around the time Elizabeth began to walk, it was time for Daniel to start kindergarten. His parents and sister proudly escorted him to his first day and watched as he ran off, with no signs of separation anxiety, and immediately began talking to two little boys who were standing in the corner by themselves. Daniel introduced himself to the boys and held out his hand to shake, as he had been taught. The taller of the two said his name was Brad and his buddy was Mark. Proper introductions out of the way, the two boys were confused about the hand shaking. Instead, Daniel offered up a high five to each. With the friendship so easily formed, Daniel turned to his parents and sister and gave them a goodbye wave that assured them he would be okay left alone.

        That was the starting point of a lifelong, inseparable friendship. As luck would have it, they all lived within walking distance of each other, so whenever it was playtime, all three moms would walk out to the sidewalk and watch the kids walk to whichever house was that day's designated play spot. When the kids arrived safely, the moms would wave to each other before retreating back into their respected homes. This went on for several months before Daniel's mom decided to invite the boys' parents over, seeing as they had only met in passing up until that point. Things went swimmingly. From that night on, the three families remained close friends. 

        As the boys began to get older it got harder and harder to tell them apart, not necessarily in appearance but in attitude. Their personalities we so similar. The same jokes made them laugh. The same movies they watched over and over, Star Wars being their favorite. They were blood brothers. Thick as thieves, they were told.

        The boys gradually grew into men, picking up an addition to their crew during their junior year of high school. The newly formed foursome finished high school together, each with a semi-steady girlfriend by their side, and went off to a local community college to earn their AA Degrees. The foursome was reduced to a threesome temporarily as their newest recruit had gone off to college in Billings. 

        Daniel was the first of the gang to become a father, albeit nearly a decade later. He impregnated his then-girlfriend, Aubrey, after a riotous night of massive inebriation. They ended up parting ways five months into the pregnancy. Daniel just couldn't deal with her destructive mood swings anymore and decided to give it all up and leave. At the time of his departure, just as a pair of frightened teenagers might do, neither of them informed their parents of the pregnancy. Daniel wasn't even present when their daughter was born and he has yet to inform his parents they have a granddaughter. The only people who know his secret, aside from Aubrey's side, were his three best friends who promised, no matter how much they all seemed to disagree with his decision, to keep it safe.

        Around the time his child was being born, even though he had no idea, Daniel's lifelong best friend's parents died in an accident, devastating him and his family, who had all become extremely close friends. And when it seemed as if the worst was over, he was informed Mark had cancer.

        Daniel didn't know how to deal with his feelings and for the first few months after learning of his friend's ill fortune, chose to avoid him instead of confronting him. Just like always, he often thought, taking the coward's way out. Brad very nearly came to blows with him late one evening over it. After being called nearly every horrible name he could imagine, Daniel eventually came to his senses and visited his dying friend. At first, just once a week, then it turned into a few days a week before eventually becoming an everyday gig. Daniel even began helping and supporting Mark as he went through his painful and, ultimately unsuccessful, chemotherapy treatments. As Mark lost his hair, it was Daniel's idea to shave his head, resulting in the rest of the gang to follow suit in an attempt to unite them; a move that caused the badly ill and newly bald Mark to make fun of them, saying their new haircuts were hideous and looked like his lopsided ball sack. 

        Mark was given six months to live nearly seventeen months ago. Daniel was happy to have his friend still be alive but was afraid that he may begin to suffer. He secretly wished Mark would just pass away in his sleep soon instead of hanging on, trying to be brave and risk even more pain. Every morning when Daniel woke up, he checked his phone first thing, hoping he had a message saying Mark was finally at peace.

        Daniel was sitting on the toilet playing a puzzle game on his iPhone when it began to ring. It was Brad. He held his breath and felt his heart speed up. Brad never called, he was purely a texter. Daniel had a feeling his secret wish had been granted.






I'M A ROLLING STONE, ALL ALONE AND LOST,
FOR A LIFE OF SIN, I HAVE PAID THE COST.

WHEN I PASS BY, ALL THE PEOPLE SAY
"JUST ANOTHER GUY ON THE LOST HIGHWAY."

JUST A DECK OF CARDS AND A JUG OF WINE
AND A WOMAN'S LIES MAKE A LIFE LIKE MINE.

OH, THE DAY WE MET, I WENT ASTRAY,
I STARTED ROLLIN' DOWN THAT LOST HIGHWAY.
I WAS JUST A LAD, NEARLY TWENTY-TWO,

NEITHER GOOD NOR BAD, JUST A KID LIKE YOU,
AND NOW I'M LOST, TOO LATE TO PRAY,
LORD, I'VE PAID THE COST ON THE LOST HIGHWAY.

NOW, BOYS, DON'T START YOUR RAMBLIN' ROUND,
ON THIS ROAD OF SIN OR YOU'RE SORROW BOUND.

TAKE MY ADVICE OR YOU'LL CURSE THE DAY
YOU STARTED ROLLIN' DOWN THAT LOST HIGHWAY

        Jake was the last one to join his tightly-knit group of friends. He didn't come along and unite with the gang until midway through their junior year of high school, almost immediately bonding with the three young men after a chance meeting in the campus parking lot and impressing them with his knowledge of the lyrics from an X-Rated rapper named Too Short, which was booming from the inside of Brad's 1982 BMW 320i. That was nineteen-ninety-six when listening to things like that wouldn't have been so embarrassing, he would often clarify.

        Jake was the only one in the crew to go away to college. It felt silly, but he wished he had stayed back with his friends. He would always feel slightly crestfallen when the boys would call and tell tales of the escapades, the most recent of which involved two cops, three sets of handcuffs and less than an ounce of marijuana. As silly as it seemed, even to himself, Jake wished he had been there and provided a necessity for a fourth pair of cuffs. But no, he had left and life was not turning out to be what he had initially expected. In fact, the out-of-town college didn't really do much for him in the long run, anyway. After three years of earning his degree in graphic design, he ended up back in Omaha being a server at a local, and rather shitty (he thought) steakhouse. 

        It was at that shitty steakhouse he met a woman named Michelle. She had come in one bright and sunny early-Spring afternoon and applied for a hostess position they had open. Jake was immediately smitten and begged his boss to hire her. It took Jake six long, painful years- YEARS!- to finally get up the nerve to ask her out. He watched from the sidelines as she moved through boyfriend after boyfriend like an attention-starved pseudo-celebrity, each new increment to her love life like a red-hot poker through Jake's yearning heart. 

        He was sitting at the bar one night after his shift. The restaurant was closed and the only people left dwelling were employees finishing up the nightly chores. By this time, Michelle had been promoted to a server and was just finishing up her shift as Jake was finishing up his fourth Newcastle. She walked into the bar, removing her apron and setting it on a bar-stool. She took a seat next to him and gave him an elbow-nudge in the arm.

        "Hey buddy," she said to him, her smile beaming despite being exhausted. 

        Jake gulped down his mouthful of ale and looked at her, returning an elbow-nudge of his own. "Hey there pretty lady."
        
        "What a shitty night," she sighed as she signaled to the bartender who was busy cleaning up. "You would not believe some of the customers I had tonight." The mixologist, as he referred to himself, came over and poured Michelle a beer. "Thanks, Eric."

        "Why wouldn't I believe the crappy customers you had?" Jake mockingly inquired. "I work here too, remember?"

        "Oh stop," Michelle said, leaning in and bumping Jake on the shoulder, causing him to rock on his bar-stool. "You know what I mean, Shithead."

        He didn't think about it, he just blurted it out with the help of his liquid courage. "Ya know what? Would you maybe want to go out sometime?"

        Her face recoiled a bit and she looked at him quizzically, waiting to see if he was messing with her. His face stayed perfectly still, though, with no sign of a jocular expression. After a moment, she began to smile and her cheeks turned as red as a cherry tomato. "Are you asking me on a date, Jacob Arthur Boyd?" 

        Jacob couldn't make the words move from his throat, opting instead to simply shake his head up and down in the slightest of manner.

         "I'd love to."

        Their first date consisted of a day-long comedy of errors. Nothing went as planned and Jake thought for sure that he had blown his big chance. The movie they wanted to see was sold-out and they were forced to see some god-awful, desperate attempt at comedy featuring a young, black comedian dressing in drag and pretending to be a hip grandmother. It was painful to watch. After the big-screen disaster, the restaurant he promised to take her to had nearly a two-hour wait. They ended up eating greasy, fried food from a local burger joint. Glamorous was hardly the word to describe the date. While taking Michelle back home, Jake's truck blew a tire and left them stranded on the side of the road for nearly two hours. When the night was over he was sure he would never get another date with her.

        He went home, promptly undressed and fell on his bed, feeling like an unmitigated loser. He heard a soft, brief vibration from atop his night stand. He reached for his cellphone, flipped it open and discovered Michelle had sent him a text message. He was almost too uneasy to open it. He feared the worst when he scrolled over to READ and hit the center button. It took Jake five readings of the concise message displayed on the small screen before he was able to absorb the good news. Michelle had had a good time. A riant ambience flowed through his veins like a drug and he could feel a toothy grin form on his face. He enjoyed the sensation for a few minutes before returning the message.

        The next few years were filled with the wonted ups and downs of any relationship. Things were mostly good for the both of them, though. Michelle eventually got a bartending job at another restaurant which actually made their situation more prosperous. Jake eventually moved most of his stuff from his parent's house into Michelle's apartment. Living together proved to be quite a challenge that Jake wasn't expecting but they stayed strong and made it work. They were able to withstand a calamitous miscarriage together and she provided a source of strength and foundation for Jake and his friends after the accident that claimed the lives of his best friend's parents.
        
        Things managed to stay held together fairly well until Mark told them he had testicular cancer. Subsequently, Jake became harder and harder to be with. Michelle understood wholly that he was worried about his friend and perhaps he was even starting to question his own mortality. She fought through the hard times and remained a loyal girlfriend. It wasn't until she left work early one night and returned home to find Jake sitting on the sofa, patiently waiting for her return, a messenger bag sitting at his feet, that she realized just how serious the situation was.

        Michelle's smile instantly turned dour when she saw him. She knew what was coming, even if she hadn't expected it.

        "I have to go, Michelle," he told her. Her eyes began to swell and a tear beaded down her cheek. Jake grabbed his bag and stood up. "I just can't deal with it anymore. It's too much. I feel like I'm going to implode."

        "Can't we talk to this out?" Michelle mumbled, trying desperately to hold back the release of more tears.
        
        "I just need some time alone. I need to think things out. I've got...I love you, I do, I just can't." He leaned in and gave her a kiss on the cheek causing her to no longer be able to hold back. It broke Jake's heart to leave her while she was crying, but his mind was made up and he needed to be strong and follow through with what he wanted. He removed the apartment key from his key ring and set it on the entryway table, then opened the door and walked out, down the stairs to his fully packed and loaded car. He ended up moving back in with his parents, where he remains to this day.
        
        It didn't take him long to realize what a mistake he had made. At the time he made it, he was convinced he would be happier on his own, without a boat anchor tied to his life. He had been sick of all the small, stupid shit she would always do. Shit that just grated on his nerves over a long period of time until he almost couldn't stand to see her face anymore. But he was wrong. He was now bitter and alone. A thirty-three year old man who just moved back in with his parents.

        Over the next couple of months he tried to apologize to Michelle and win her back, with no luck. She had been heartbroken and was angry with him. She refused to let him back into her life just so he could do it again. She had been hurt before in the past and never once did she allow the same person to do it twice.  She eventually began to scratch at Jake's scab of anguish by reciting to him the plenitude of men she had fucked since his departure. It wasn't true, but Jake didn't know that. 
        
        He tried copiously to win her back. To apologize. She began to not accept his calls though. He grew severely depressed. Michelle was the greatest thing that ever happened to him and he threw it all away with one horribly ill-conceived adjudication. It was something for which he would never forgive himself. 

        Tonight, he was sitting on the side of his bed with Michelle's contact open on the screen of his iPhone, waiting for him to hit the call button, when it began to vibrate in his hand. The screen flashed to an Incoming Call from Brad. He answered it to the sound of Brad's frantic voice.
 

When I wake up yeah I know I'm gonna be 
I'm gonna be the man who wakes up next to you 
When I go out yeah I know I'm gonna be 
I'm gonna be the man who goes along with you 

If I get drunk yes I know I'm gonna be 
I'm gonna be the man who gets drunk next to you 
And if I haver yeah I know I'm gonna be 
I'm gonna be the man who's havering to you 

But I would walk 500 miles 
And I would walk 500 more 
Just to be the man who walked 1000 miles 
To fall down at your door 

When I'm working yes I know I'm gonna be 
I'm gonna be the man who's working hard for you 
And when the money comes in for the work I'll do 
I'll pass almost every penny on to you 

When I come home yeah I know I'm gonna be 
I'm gonna be the man who comes back home to you 
And if I grow old well I know I'm gonna be 
I'm gonna be the man who's growing old with you 

But I would walk 500 miles 
And I would walk 500 more 
Just to be the man who walked 1000 miles 
To fall down at your door 

When I'm lonely yes I know I'm gonna be 
I'm gonna be the man whose lonely without you 
When I'm dreaming yes I know I'm gonna dream 
Dream about the time when I'm with you. 

But I would walk 500 miles 
And I would walk 500 more 
Just to be the man who walked 1000 miles 
To fall down at your door

        Brad Augustine was born on the same day, in the same hospital and within one hour of his best friend Mark. Not only that, as both babies left the hospital, also on the same day, they returned to their homes on the same street. This, of course, was not known to either of them at the time. It wasn't until Brad's mom noticed the family down the street had a boy of about the same age as her son. She was driving to the grocery store one day and passed by Mark's house while the whole family was out in the front yard. She stopped the car, leaned over and rolled down the window to introduce herself. She told them she also had a little boy and would love to have them over sometime, let the kids play together for a bit. The family agreed and came over for supper that weekend. It was then that it was discovered just how much the two three-year-olds had in common. 

        They played together nearly every day while the mom's visited and discussed sewing or the latest episode of Dallas. When it was time for kindergarten to start, Brad and Mark welcomed a new boy into the fray; Daniel, a cute-as-a-button half-Spanish boy with a bowl haircut who lived a block over. The three boys did everything together, from pee-wee soccer and t-ball to helping their parents with various chores in and around the house. 

        When high school rolled around and they began dating, they would almost always go as a group. It was Spring of their junior year when a new young man began hanging around with them and it seemed like in no time at all, he had belonged with them the whole time. 

        After earning their AA Degrees, Jake, the newest member of the pack, left for college, while the original trio stay in Omaha and continued their education through the state college. It was there that Brad met his wife Jeni. She shared one of Brad's classes and he decided to bite the bullet and simply ask her out one day after class. She accepted with a smile. They dated for three years, practically becoming inseparable. She worked her way into the group of  friends naturally and was always welcomed. Mark and Daniel had a few girlfriends here and there who all seemed friendly, but they never lasted very long. 

        When Jake came into town for a visit, the four of them went shopping for an engagement ring. Brad had insisted they come along and help. He didn't have much money, in fact, none of the boys really did, but they found a perfectly adequate diamond that fit Brad's budget. The other three boys kicked in to help pay for it. 

        Brad proposed to Jeni on the night of their graduation at her apartment. She thought they were alone but as soon as she said yes, the door burst open and in walked the gang, offering their immediate celebratory words, Mark popping a bottle of cheap champagne, shaking it up and spraying it over the sofa like he just won the NBA Championship (something that probably would have annoyed Jeni immensely, had she not already been so elated.) Jake had made the long drive back home just to be there, but promptly had to drive back as soon as the boys were to make their leave and let the happy couple be alone, as his own graduation was in two days. 

        Mark, Daniel and Jake all stood by Brad's side and watched as his bride walked down the aisle toward him. Mark had been in charge of the ring, a task that had caused him much anxiety. He clutched it in his right hand from the moment they left that morning until it was time to hand it over. By then, it was a hot, sweaty mess.

        Shortly after Daniel's secret child arrived and he took the coward's way out, Jeni and Brad announced that soon they would be parents. That summer, just two weeks after the loss of Mark's parents, they welcomed a baby girl who they chose to name Carolyn, after Mark's mother. Upon hearing the surprise news of the name, right there in the hospital waiting room, Mark began to weep. Shortly after, the rest of them had tears welling up, though none wanted to admit to it.

        Carolyn was the most beautiful thing Brad had ever laid eyes on. She was the absolute love of his life and he knew he would die before ever letting harm come to her. When she was two weeks old, Brad accompanied Mark to the hospital to have a lump on his testicle checked out. 

        Brad took up the responsibility of constantly checking and taking care of his best friend, as he seemed to worsen every day. Whenever he got off work at a local drug store, he would stop by Mark's to check on him before heading home. He would usually send him texts daily asking if he needed anything and would often bring Carolyn by to cheer him up. 

        Mark had a nurse who stopped by every day to administer drugs and he also had a girlfriend who helped take the sole burden off of Brad, something he was happy about, but as Mark got worse, without warning, the girlfriend left. Left him to die alone. Brad was furious with her. He knew he would never hit a woman, but he sure did fantasize about running in to her and giving her what he felt she deserved. 

        When Brad arrived at Mark's parent's old house, where Mark was currently living, he heard loud music coming from inside, which he took as the reason to why his knocks were going unanswered. Brad had a key to the house that he was given to let himself in, just in case Mark was sleeping or too weak to get up, which seemed to be quite often these days. Brad dug into his pocket, grabbed the key and inserted it into the lock. The music grew even louder as the door opened up and he followed the sound to Mark's bedroom where he discovered his best friend lying on his back with a sly smile on his face. Brad's heart sank. His friend was dead.

        He turned the music down and walked slowly towards his friend and discovered the empty pill bottle on the bed and the iPhone sitting on Mark's chest. He picked up the phone, pressing the home button to wake it from its slumber. There were two meager lines typed out on the notebook app. 
It read: PLEASE SPREAD MY ASHES OVER THE PACIFIC OCEAN. LOVE M

        Brad panicked. He tossed the phone on the floor and pulled Mark up to a seated position on the bed and felt for a pulse. It was there. It wasn't too late. He reached into his pocket and removed his own phone to call 9-1-1. An ambulance was on the way. Brad felt helpless and didn't know what to do. 

        "You son of a bitch!" he screamed. "What the fuck are you doing, dude?!" He began to shake Mark by the shoulders. He decided to try something. He opened up Mark's mouth and shoved his hand down Mark's throat. Eventually, vomit began to shoot out like water from a hose freeing itself from a crick. Brad instinctively withdrew his hand in repulsion but realized it was necessary. He continued to make Mark throw up. By the time the paramedics rushed in, Brad was sitting in a puddle of puke and Mark was semi-conscious. 

        As Mark was wheeled away, Brad stayed behind. He needed to shower and steal some of Mark's clothes. He would meet them at the hospital. He picked up his phone from the soaked bed and did his best to wipe the green and red chunks from it. He had a few calls to make.





Blackbird singing in the dead of night
Take these broken wings and learn to fly
All your life
You were only waiting for this moment to arise

Blackbird singing in the dead of night
Take these sunken eyes and learn to see
All your life You were only waiting for
this moment to be free

Blackbird fly,
blackbird fly
Into the light of the dark black night 

Blackbird fly,
blackbird fly
Into the light of the dark black night
Blackbird singing in the dead of night
Take these broken wings and learn to fly
All your life

You were only waiting for this moment to arise

You were only waiting for this moment to arise

You were only waiting for this moment to arise

        The three boys waited in the hospital, the stench of recent sanitation invading their nostrils with each breath. Each minute staring at the bland, white walls and listening to the soft buzz of electricity seemed to last for ten. It was agony. If it was time for Mark to go, they all hoped it would at least be pain-free. Brad, somewhat selfishly, he realized, secretly prayed Mark would pull through. And praying was something that didn't come easily for him. Mark was handed a flowing stream of shit luck, and if there was a God, Brad was pretty upset with him for allowing his best friend to suffer through so much in such an epigrammatic period of time.

        He had a feeling the guys felt the same way he did. Content with Mark passing, but still hankering for more time with him. Brad invoked his esoteric desire out loud, causing Jake to pat him on the back.

        "If it's time for him to go, dude, it's time." Jake told him.

        "I know. I just didn't want it to be like this," Brad replied.

        "Like what?" Daniel interjected.        

        Brad clenched his eyes closed and leaned forward in his chair. "Like this. In a hospital. He should have died with us...in his home. We should have been there."

        "We're here now," Jake pointed out.

        "It's not the same. He tried to die at home and I acted rashly and feel like I may have robbed him of his wish. If he pulls through this, what if he fucking hates me for it. He made a choice and I over-ruled it. I had no right to do that."

        "You did have the right, bro," Daniel assured him. "Look man, if he pulls through this, you saved his life. He obviously wasn't in his right mind. That bitch fucked him up, bad. He was confused."

        The door opened and all three boys looked up, breathes baited, waiting for whatever news the doctor was going to lay on them. 

        "Gentlemen," the doctor said, looking down at his clipboard. The three boys stood up from each of their indistinguishable motif of tweed-padded hospital chairs to brace the divulgation. "Your friend is alive and awake." The trio let out a collected sigh.

        "Can we see him?" Brad asked.

        "Not just yet," the doctor responded. "I need to ask you a few questions."

        "Okay," Brad answered wearily. 

        "Mr. Briggs is assuring me this was not a suicide attempt. He said he was tired and confused and must have taken too many pills by accident." The boys looked at the doctor, paying close attention to every word that emerged from him. "Do you have any reason to believe it was anything other than an accident?"

        Brad thought back to the note Mark had left on his phone. It was thoroughly discernible what Mark's intention had been when he swallowed the pills. He could sense his friends' gazes resting upon him as he was prolonging the decision of how to answer. Nothing good would come of Mark being on suicide watch. He decided to discard the obvious. "I know for a fact it was an accident. That's why I was there. He called me. Said he thinked he messed up. I didn't know what he meant and the call ended. I rushed over there and saw him in bed. I induced vomiting and the rest you know."
        
        "So you are telling me you do not believe Mr. Briggs is a risk to himself?"

        "Yes. That is what I am telling you."

        The doctor looked down towards his clipboard again, silently adjudicating how to proceed. He removed his glasses and slipped them into his lab coat pocket. "Look boys, your friend does not have much time left. I'm sure that is apparent to you." Jake and Daniel slightly nodded their heads. Brad stayed perfectly still. "I will release him but I will require a nurse to be there."

        "He has a nurse," Daniel informed him.

        "He has a nurse that stops by once a day," the doc retorted. "I will require a nurse to stay with him at nearly all times. He or she will handle all his prescriptions and have them on hand to ease his pain whenever he needs it and will be there to overlook his intake and assure the proper dosages. From here on out our main goal is to make Mr. Briggs as comfortable as possible. It is only going to get worse. I need you gentlemen to understand that. I do not see him surviving for more than a month. Maybe even less. The nurse will give me updates as to his condition, and when I feel it is time, Hospice will come in to make sure his passing is as easy on him as possible. They also help with the body after the soul departs and will assist you in any needs you may have concerning what comes next."

        Brad snapped out of his frozen gaze and spoke up. "Can he leave the house? I mean, is it safe for him to leave?"

        "How do you mean?"

        "I mean, like, can we take him to a movie or to the park or something if he gets cabin fever?"

        "That decision will be up to him. If you are asking if he is contagious and a danger to the public, he is not. He is sick though, and with that will come extreme fatigue and debilitation. So it is really up to him what he wants to do. He has a wheelchair, yes?"

        "Yeah."

     "Then that should make it a little easier on him. Just don't overdo it. Also, the medication the nurse will be administering from here on out will serve one purpose and one purpose only; to make the pain less. There's no getting better. I need you to understand that. Once this morphine concentrate starts, it really is the beginning of the very end. This isn't the medical marijuana or Oxycontin or the Fentanyl patch, or even the morphine he's used to. This is, you know, the hard stuff. Liquid concentrate. It may cause mood swings or delirium, but that is perfectly normal. Just bear with it. From here on out you need to make sure your friend is as comfortable as possible. Now, I will sign his release papers if you agree to all of what I've said." The boys stood silent. "Do we have an agreement."

        "Yes. Yes sir," Brad answered.

        "Yes sir," Daniel and Jake answered in unison. 

        "Very well, then," the doctor said, extending his hand. When all formalities were completed, he turned his attention back to the clipboard for a moment. "Remember, men. Do not overdo it."

        When the doctor exited the waiting room and the door closed, assuring he was well out of earshot, Jake asked, "So, are we going to overdo it?"

        A smile formed on the other boy's faces. Brad was the first to answer, "Fuck yeah, we are."
When the slow parade went past
When it felt so good you knew it couldn't last
And all too soon the end was gonna come without a 
warning
And you'd have to just go home

And the way it all went by
And somebody said "come on its getting late"
And you thought the world might end if you just looked the other way
And now you wish that you had stayed

And there's so much more that you could see if you just stick around
And all the street light secrets whispering for you to come back out

Oh no
There's so much more that you need to work out
Oh no
You don't want that parade to leave you now

And the days are all the same
And the town so big and no one knows your name
And the people fade away
And all stars are just a flicker
And you're left there all alone

When there's so much more that you could see if you just stick around
And all the street light secrets whispering for you to come back out

Oh no
There's so much more that you need to work out
Oh no
You don't want that parade to leave you now

When the music's over
But the song stays in your head

Oh no
There's so much more that you need to work out
Oh no
You don't want that parade to leave you now
Yeah
There's so much more that you need to work out
Yeah
You don't want that parade to leave you now 

        Mark was returned to his home, complete with a new nurse who would be sharing duties with his previous one. His current nurse was a man who stopped by once or twice a day to make sure he was comfortable. The new one is a slightly pudgy but pretty-faced, fairly-young blonde woman named Vallesa. 

        Brad and Daniel were sitting by Mark's beside, lazily watching some pathetic sitcom on television when she first arrived. Jake was mad that he didn't get to be there, but he was scheduled to be at work for the morning shift today, and having already missed the past two days due to the emergency, he figured he better show up, no matter how dead-end he thought the job absolutely was.
        
        Vallesa knocked on the door and Daniel got up to let her in. She was wearing plain, light-blue scrubs and carrying a purse and a small medical bag. He introduced himself and led her to the bedroom where Mark was propped up.

        "Hi guys," she greeted them as she entered the room. Brad stood up to shake her hand and introduce himself. 

        He pointed to Mark and said, "Lazy Bones over there would be your patient. Don't expect much from him." 

        Mark attempted to laugh but ended up coughing as he struggled, but finally got out, "Go fuck yourself." He looked Vallesa in the eyes and continued, "What a dick. Anyway," he coughed again, "I'm Mark. And yes, don't expect much from me."

        "Can we get you anything. I mean, do you need anything?" Daniel offered. "Brad was in charge of shopping this week so I'm sure there are plenty of chips and energy drinks."

        Vallesa smiled and said, "No thank you."

        Brad stood up and said, "Speaking of energy drinks," then walked out of the room, returning a few seconds later popping the tab of a Lo-Carb Monster, the ksh sound of carbonation escaping the can drawing everyone's attention. "Anybody else want one?"

        "I'll take one," Mark said softly while slowly raising his hand.

        "No no no no no," Vallesa interrupted. "You are not drinking any caffeine. You get juice and water and maybe, if you're nice, some Gatorade."

        "What a jip," Mark protested. "What's it gonna do, kill me?"

        "Not on  my watch, Bucko." She opened up her medical bag and removed several pill bottles and a few vials. "So here's what we have." Daniel and Brad walked over to the various medications to examine them. "No touch!" Vallesa mockingly snapped at them. "I am the only one to administer these medications. Absolutely no exceptions, and that goes double for you, Mister," looking squarely at Mark, still propped up on a pillow. 

        "Yowsa, boss."

        "Now, here's the million dollar question. How are you feeling right now?"

        "I'm good right now," Mark said, raising his right arm to show her the brown square stuck just above his armpit. "I got a fresh fentanyl patch and it's kicking in, baby doll."

        "I can tell," she said wryly. There was a knock on the door and everyone turned in time to see Jake saunter on in, still wearing his work clothes.

        "Knock knock, guess who got off early, bitches!" Jake exclaimed as he was entering the bedroom. Upon noticing Vallesa, he quickly tried to back pedal. "Shit. Them bitches, not you bitches. Not that you're a bitch. I'm sure you're not. I just meant-"

        Brad decided to ease Jake's suffering and interjected. "Vallesa, this is our friend Jake. Jake, this is Mark's new nurse, Vallesa."

        Vallesa blushed a little bit as she said hello. It was quite obvious to Brad, Daniel and Mark that she found Jake attractive. Brad chuckled a bit which caused Vallesa to turn even redder.

        Jake, however, oblivious and still stumbling over his previous mishap, raised his hand in a pathetic attempt of a Hello gesture. It made him look more like he was being sworn in to office than waving. He squeaked out a soft, "Hey," accompanied with a chicken-like head peck. Mark and Brad exchanged glances, both thinking the same thing; What the fuck?

        Vallesa killed the awkward silence that followed. "I was just explaining to the boys here exactly what medications I have and instructed them that, under no circumstance, were they allowed to touch them. Do I need to go over this again with you?"

        "Don't touch," Jake answered. "Got it."

        "Well boys, it looks like we'll probably be spending a lot of time together in the future." She put all the drugs back into her bag, "It's not that I don't trust you guys, but, well, I guess I don't trust you guys." She smiled and giggled a bit, "Seriously though, when other people are in the house I'm not allowed to leave the drugs unattended. Nothing personal. Where is the bathroom?" Brad pointed her in the right direction and she left the room, bag-in-hand.

        "She seems nice, dude," Brad said to Mark.

        "Yeah," Daniel agreed. "Much better than the other guy. That guy's kind of a dick."

        Mark cough-laughed again and added, "Just because he wouldn't give your loser-ass some medical marijuana."

        "Whatever man. Anyway, I think she'll work out nicely."

        "Me too," Jake said, taking a seat on the small futon against the far wall of the room. "Dude, this seat sucks. You can't even see the TV from here."

        "Oh man, I sure do feel bad for you," Mark told him.

        Vallesa came back in to the room, still holding her bag. "Anyway, guys, I'll leave you alone. If you guys need anything, just let me know. Do you have your bell?"

        Mark answered by reaching under his blanket, retrieving a small silver bell and ringing it obnoxiously.

        "Good to know. Use it sparingly, that thing is annoying." She turned and made her way into the living room. After Mark had fallen asleep, the boys began working on their plan.

        "He wanted his ashes spread over the Pacific Ocean," Brad informed them, "and when I found him he had that Everclear song Santa Monica on repeat."

        "So what are you thinking, dude?" Daniel asked.

        "Oh, I'll tell you what I'm thinkin', bitch. I'm thinking road trip. We steal him from his soul-killing confines, we rent a van and we cut down to Santa Monica."

        Jake raised his concerns. "He's not going to go for that. Besides, you heard the doctor. He is on borrowed time and will be exhausted. We can't just throw him in a van and take off. Besides, he needs drugs."

        "We can worry about that later. Right now, I need to know if you guys are in."

        Daniel spoke up immediately, "Hell yeah, I'm in. I'll just tell my dad I won't be able to work for a while. That's easy for me. You guys have real jobs though."

        "Yeah, and they're not exactly good jobs, dude," Jake added. "Do either of you have any money? Because I sure as shit don't."

        "Dude," Brad responded, "we'll worry about that shit later. Are you in or what? If we agree to do this, we can work out the kinks and form a real plan. We all need to be on the same page first, though."

        Jake sat silent for a moment before slowly nodding his head. "Yeah, man. I'm in."

        "Fantastic. Now let's figure out how the hell we're going to do this."

        "Dude, this is going to be impossible. What makes you think Mark will even want to go?" Daniel asked.

        "Well," Brad answered, "we'll ultimately leave it up to him, but as long as he thinks he has the strength to go, I don't see what would keep him here. We need to all chip in and help him, though. That means helping with bathroom trips, eating, making him comfortable and giving him his medicine."

        "Shit dude," Jake said, "how the hell are we going to get the medicine?"

        "We'll have to steal it."

        "How the hell are we supposed to steal it? Vallesa out there just said she can't let it out of her sight. Furthermore, how the hell are we going to get Mark out of here?"

        "The doctor said we could take him out when he was feeling well, we'll just say-"

        "Bro," Daniel interrupted, "I'm pretty sure Vallesa is smart enough to realize we're packing clothes and leaving with her patient. We're going to have to come up with something a little more stealth than that."

        "Okay," Brad agreed, "you're right. We'll come back to that. First and foremost, we need to get money. I was thinking, I have a 401k. Maybe I can take a loan against it."

        "Aw man, I don't want you to have to do that. I've got a couple thousand in the bank we can use."

        "Dude, I have like seven-hundred bucks, but we can totally use it...Not like my parents charge me rent," Jake added.

        "That's not going to cut it, boys. I'll see how long it takes to get the loan. If we're taking Mark out in style I don't want to be a penny pincher. I want to go all out."

        "Do what you gotta do, man. Me and Danny will help all we can. Is Jen going to go for this, though? Dude, you're the only one with a family."

        "I'll talk to her, I think she'll be okay with it. She'll have my parents and her parents to help with Carolyn and she knows how important this is. And she loves Mark, and you guys."

        "What about the 401k?"

        "Oh, she doesn't need to know about that." The boys shared a chuckle then decided to let Mark get his rest. They would begin setting the plan in to motion tomorrow. They all stood up and headed back out in to the living room, finding Vallesa sitting on the sofa, the medical bag resting against her. She was absent-mindedly swimming the channels. Behind her, the lowering sun peeked through the curtains,  setting her aglow. "Hey Vallesa, we're going to take off."

        "Oh, you guys don't have to go. You're more than welcome to hang out and watch TV with me or something."

        "Thanks for the invitation," Jake said, "but we really need to go."

        "You sure you can't stay?" she asked, looking straight at Jake.

        Brad turned to Daniel, giving him an elbow nudge. Daniel snorted after his failed attempt to contain his laughter.

        "Sorry, we really need to go," Jake insisted. "We'll be back later, though. I promise." Vallesa cheeks turned beet red again.

        "Promise?"

        While Jake and Vallesa continued their childish flirtation, Brad tried to think of a plausible way to steal the drugs from the bag without being caught. As for now, he was stumped. They said their farewells and took off. "I'll text you guys in the morning," Brad told them, "right now I'm going to go talk to Jen, get this thing figured out."

        "Good luck, buddy."

        "Yeah," Daniel added. "Good luck, homes."

        While driving home, Brad thought about different ways to broach the subject with his wife. She was wonderfully kind and thoughtful and had always fully supported him in all decisions he made, but he worried that being gone for a couple weeks would be too much of a strain on her. Plus, it was going to be hard for him, too, being away for so long, missing his beautiful daughter and wife. He drove on in silence, noticing the lack of snow on the ground, odd for so late in the year. 

        Carolyn was napping peacefully when he returned home and told Jeni he needed to talk to her about something important. At first she seemed worried, but he almost immediately corrected himself and assured her it was nothing bad. She took a seat at the table and slid out the chair opposite her with  her right foot, inviting her husband to sit with her. He did.

        "Okay, I need to know how you would feel about me being gone for a few weeks."

        She pursed her lips together in wonder. "Why?"

        "Mark's not doing well. Obviously. But, the doctor said he's only got a month or so to go, maybe less." 

        Jen gave him a sympathetic smile, "I know, babe. I'm sorry."

        "It's okay, but here's the thing. You remember how I told you what his suicide note said; how he wanted his ashes spread over the Pacific Ocean?"

        "Yeah..."

        "Well, me and the guys, we thought...Well, we were wondering...Okay, look, we want to steal him and drive him to Santa Monica, California."

        "What?" Jeni said, her face drawing backwards in bewilderment. "You can't just remove him from his care. Baby, he is sick. He is going to die. He needs proper care. You don't want him to be in pain. He won't even have the strength to-"

        "I know. It's fucking stupid and it's a horrible idea; I just..." His voice caught and tears were forming in his eyes. He took a second to try and collect himself, but as soon as he continued on he just got worse. "He's my best friend. And I love him, and I don't want to lose him."

        "Baby," Jeni said, in an attempt to make him feel better, but it just made it worse as she had begun to cry, as well.

        "I have to do this for him. We have to do this."

        "You're right. You go. We'll be here waiting for you when you get back."

        Brad stood up and walked around the table to his wife, bending over to hug her. The tighter she held him the harder he sobbed.

        "Just do me one favor," she said. Brad released his grip on her and retracted a bit to look her in the eyes. "Bring him by one last time before you go. I want to see him. I'm sure Cari would, too."

        Brad sniffed and wiped his face dry, "I will. Thank you, babe. I love you."

        "Check in with me?"

        "Every day."

        "I love you, too" She grabbed his face and pulled it into hers, giving him a soft kiss on the lips. 

        Getting time off would be the most difficult for Brad. If worse came to worst, he thought, he would just quit. It was a shitty job, anyway, and he was bitter for having it. A college graduate working a dead-end job at a shitty local drug store. Pathetic, he thought. 

        Jake called his boss at home and explained the situation. They had plenty of help and other workers were begging for more hours. He assured Jake he would have no problem filling his slots.

        Daniel told his dad exactly what was going on and that he wouldn't be on the farm for a while. He said that was fine, there was little else he could say. 

        Brad's boss agreed to permit him to take his two weeks' worth of vacation, starting at the beginning of the next schedule. He could leave this week, sans stipendium, as long as he got all his shifts covered. He made a few more phone calls, offered up a few bribes to his co-workers, and after forty-five minutes on the phone, was good to go. 

        He then sorted through his document drawer, eventually finding his latest 401k statement. He skimmed through the print, finally landing on a phone number. He dialed and waited on hold to talk to a representative. She informed him there were two ways to take money out; one way was to borrow against the fund and pay it back weekly via a deduction from his paycheck, or he could choose to file a hardship and not have to pay it back. She explained to him that he would be taxed and several fees would be tacked on with the latter choice. He rolled it around in his mind for a bit before settling on the hardship. Retirement was still a long way off for him, he thought. Fuck it. The representative told him ten-thousand dollars would be deposited in his bank account by the end of business tomorrow if he could print, sign and fax all the paperwork back to her by the end of business today. He promised her she would have it within the hour.

        Now, all they had to do was form the rest of the plan. And talk Mark in to going.
 





When you walk through a storm
Keep your chin up high
And don't be afraid of the dark.
At The end of the storm
Is a golden sky
And the sweet silver song of a lark.

Walk on through the wind,
Walk on through the rain,
Tho' your dreams be tossed and blown.
Walk on, walk on
With hope in your heart
And you'll never walk alone,
You'll never walk alone
        It was early Friday morning and the sun was just beginning to break through the confinements of its  architectural  barrier, casting its respondent glow over downtown Omaha, dissipating the night's cool air and providing warmth for all in its range. It was a single ray of dawn's light that was peering in from the slightly cleft blinds that roused Mark from his drug-induced slumber.

        He opened his eyes and waited for the world to come into focus, giving them a rub to aid in the process. His nurse, a man named Mitchell, entered the room, telling him good morning. Jesus, Mark thought, was this guy just standing at my door waiting for me to wake up?

        "How're you doing this morning, Marcus?"

        Still groggy and unsure of himself, Mark mumbled, "I'm okay," not really knowing if that was a truthful answer or not. 

        "Good, good. That patch they gave you should get you through all day and most of the night. Can I get you anything? Are you hungry?"

        "No. No thank you. Still no appetite."

        "Well you really should get something into your system. How about some juice?"

        "Sure, man. That'd be great. Thanks."

        Mitchell nodded then left the room, returning a few minutes later with a glass of apple juice with a bendy straw inserted. "I'll be here for another two hours or so, so if you need anything, you know what do."

        Mark turned his head to look at the bell sitting on his nightstand, "Gotcha. Thanks again for the juice."

        "No problem. Try to get some more rest if you can. I'm sure your buddies will be by later. They usually are." He gave Mark a sympathetic smile and exited the room again. Mark drank a few sips of his juice then set the glass back down. He fell back asleep almost instantly. 

        Brad sent Daniel a text message around 10am asking for ride to the rent-a-car place. Daniel obliged and was at Brad's front doorstep thirty minutes later. They needed a big car, obviously. One that would provide Mark with the most comfort and be able to hold his wheelchair and all their luggage. Brad and Daniel had decided on renting the Ford Expedition, a prodigious land-yacht that would take a week's pay to fill up and approximately six highway miles to deplete. They told the sales representative what they wanted and were greeted with the cataclysmic news that there were no more Expeditions available. Their only other option was a 2013 Toyota Sienna.

        Daniel looked at the picture-board which displayed all the car models, searching for the Sienna. After failing to locate it, he asked, "Which one is that?"

        The woman behind the desk, Deloris, pointed towards the top of the poster, saying "It's that one right there. Very top, far left."

        "The fucking soccer-mom van?" Daniel asked with disgust in his voice and revulsion scorching throughout his face. 

        "It's a very nice van, sir."

        "Can you tell us a little about it, please?" Brad asked. "We're actually going to need a lot of room."

        "I understand, sir, and I can assure you the Sienna offers ample room for you and your passengers." She clicked some buttons on her keyboard then turned her attention to the computer screen. "Let's see. It has a removable second row of seats, dual captain's chairs up front, reclining seats in the rear, automatic sliding doors, nineteen inch wheels, cruise control, dual moon-roofs, cruise control, C.D. player with JBL audio-"

        "Two cruise controls?" Daniel asked sarcastically.

        "Pardon?"

        "You know what," Brad interrupted, "I think that will be great. We'll take it."

        Daniel leaned in to whisper to Brad, "Are you fucking serious, bro? I'm pretty sure my dick just retreated back into my pelvis and said Welp, see ya later. You won't be needing me for a few weeks."

        Brad handed Deloris his credit card and told him he would need the car for two weeks, minimum, maybe even longer. Deloris explained all the conditions that went with the rental and handed him a contract which he promptly signed without bothering to even peruse, aside from making sure the insurance was included. He'd seen this movie before. This car was as good as fucked.
        
        They walked outside and, after a brief wait, an employee pulled their new ride around front. He tossed Brad the keys and said, "You gals be safe."

        "What'd you say?" Daniel asked, already starting to get pissed.

        "I said, 'You guys be safe.'"
        
        "Yeah, that’s what I thought."

        The employee made his way back into the shop, and right as the door was closing, added, "Be sure to change your tampons on a regular basis."

        "Oh man!" Daniel popped off, ready to head back inside and beat that smart-mouth little prick half to death. Brad grabbed his shoulder from behind and spun him around.

        "Dude. Let it go."

        "Man, fuck that guy."

        "You can. I don't really want to." Brad hopped in the driver's seat. "Call Jake, dude, tell him I'm on my way to pick him up. I need to swing by my house first, I left my stupid phone." He worked his ass into the plush seat with delight. "Hey, this isn't bad. Check out these badass captain's seat!"

        Despite Daniel's initial displeasure with the vehicle choice, he peeked his head inside and was rather impressed, even though he chose to hide it from Brad. "Yeah, great. Just great."

        "See ya in a few."

        "Yeah, bye mom."

        After swinging by his house and enduring a few cheap laughs from his wife about his awesome new ride, Brad showed up at Jake's house. He appeared to be in shock. "Are you fucking kidding me, dude? We're going cross country in a soccer-mom van?!"

        "Dude, don't knock it before you check it out."

        "When you said van, I was thinking like an SUV, or at the very least, one of those rockin' 70's vans with a dragon or wizard painted on the side or something."

        "A rape van? You want to drive cross country in a rape van? Should we grow thin mustaches and carry around a pocket full of candy, too?"

        "It'd be better that this!"

        "Just get in the fuckin' van, Nancy. We've got shit to do."

        "Fine." Jake opened the door and sat in the front passenger seat, immediately recognizing the captain's chair feature and giving a slight, but noticeable, favorable 'mmm' which Brad heard and chose to exploit.

        "See, I told you!"

        "Fine, it's not bad on the inside. Let's go."

        Daniel was waiting in his car parked on the street in front of Mark's house when Brad and Jake arrived. He pulled the van into the driveway and all three boys exited their vehicles. "Why didn't you go inside?" Brad asked to Daniel as he was walking up the driveway.

        "Dude Nurse is still here. I didn't want to have to talk to him in case Mark was sleeping."

        "Just because he's a nurse doesn't mean he's going to hit on you."

        "I know, shit, I just didn't want to talk to him, that's all."

        They got to the door and Brad inserted his key into the lock, slowly opening the door and peeking in. "Hello, just us."

        Mitchell was sitting on the sofa. "Hey guys, he's still sleeping. Come on in. I'm just about to leave as soon as my relief gets here."

        "You're not pooping right there, are you?" Jake asked.

        "Not that kind of relief, dumbass. When the other nurse gets here."

        "Right on, man," Brad said. "No worries. How's he doing today?"

        "He only woke up for a few minutes, drank a few sips of juice then went back to sleep. Said he felt okay. Those fentanyl patches are usually good for a couple of days."

        "Do you have more of them in your little bag there?"

        "Yeah, I have everything he needs, as does his other nurse."

        "Right on," Daniel said. "You think I can try one of those patches?"

        "Funny. I wouldn't give you any of the marijuana, but sure, have some fentanyl. How about a little morphine to go with it?

        A knock on the door brought sudden closure to the argument that was about to begin. Brad turned and opened the door to see Vallesa standing there in her scrubs, purse over her shoulder, medical bag in-hand. "Hey Vallesa, come on in. We just got here."

        "Hi guys. Hi Mitchell." 

        Mitchell said hello then stood, gathering up his things and making his way to the door. "I'm exhausted. I'll see you tonight. He had some juice this morning but that's it. He's still sleeping and the fen patch is still working."

        "Great. Get some sleep."

        "Don't worry about that," he said, closing the door behind him.

        "Who else is here?" Vallesa asked.

        "Just us," Jake answered.

        "Oh, I thought somebody's mom was here or something. There's a god awful van in the driveway."

        "Hey hey now, that's my van," Brad said. "I'm renting it. Um. My car, ya know...broke down."

        "Oh man, I'm sorry."

        "Don't be. It's actually a pretty sweet ride."

        "If you say so," she said as she headed off towards the bedroom, her eyes lingering on Jake just a few seconds longer than necessary. 

        "Dude, she sooo wants you, bro," Daniel teased.

        "Shut-up, man."

        The boys made their way into the bedroom where Mark was just waking up. "Good morning, Sleepyhead," Vallesa said to him.

        "Hey. Hey guys."

        "I'm going to go make you some breakfast. You don't have to eat it if you don't want. Give me a few minutes," she said as she turned and left the room.

        Brad, a little over-anxious, back-handed Mark in the shoulder and exclaimed, "Dude! Guess what."

        Mark winced in minor pain, rubbed his arm and said, "Really, dude?"

        "Shit. Sorry man. But guess what."

        "What?
        
        "We're gettin' you out of here."

        "What the hell do you mean you're getting me out of here? Where are we going?"

        "Santa Monica."

        Mark looked around, moving from one face to the next. "Yeah. Right. Let's go now then."

        "We're dead serious, bro," Daniel said, standing up and walking towards the window, opening the blinds and revealing the van parked in the driveway. "You see that shit, bro? That is top-of-the-line, pure comfort, easy-rollin', Jap-made engineering shit right there."

        Mark squinted in the brightened room, trying to collect his thoughts. "Shut up."

        "Serious, man," Jake said. "We're busting you out of here."

        "I can't just leave. I'm sick. I'm dying. I need my medicine and I need my bed. Besides, they're not going to let me go even if I wanted to."

        "Dude, that van has everything you could ask for," Brad said. "Folding down seats, recliners, plenty of leg room, two cruise controls, apparently, you name it. Besides, I know you don't want to spend the rest of your life in this bedroom. You can't honestly tell me that you do."

        "You're right. I don't. But it won't work, guys. I appreciate the gesture, but I just don't see it happening."

        "Why not, bro?"

        "Well, for one, I need my medicine. I don't think they're just going to hand some over to you so we can go on a road trip."

        "Okay. But, say we figure out a way to get your medicine. All of it."

        "Yeah right. She won't let it out of her sight and it's not like you can break into a hospital or pharmacy and steal more."

        "Dude, you leave that up to us," Brad said. "In fact, leave everything up to us. Bottom line, if we can get you out of here and into that van, fully stocked with medicine and everything you need to be comfortable, will you come with us?"

        "Yeah, bro, and even if you say no we'll just kidnap you next time you fall asleep," Daniel added. "The choice is yours, my man."

        Mark was quiet for a few moments again, trying to figure out if this was reality or another hallucination caused by one of his many drugs' side-effects. When his head cleared and he was nearly positive this ridiculous, fucked up idea was real, he answered. "Yeah, I'm down."

        "Hell yea!"

        "Fudgin' right on!"

        "Hold on, though," Mark added. "You know sometimes I can't make it to the bathroom. I might need help with shit like this, especially when I get even worse. That's why I have, ya know, nurses. And a catheter."

        "Don't worry about that, Brosef," Jake said, reaching into his messenger bag, "we've got you covered!" He removed an item and held it up for all to see. 

        "The Stadium Pal?" Mark asked.

        "The God-damn Stadium Pal! When ya gotta go but ya wanna stay!"

        "That thing never worked."

        Jake threw it at Mark. It landed on his face. "Check it out it, my man."

        Mark held up the contraption. It was basically a condom-like, outer-worn catheter and a flexible hose that connected down to a bag that you would tie to your leg. Then, when full, you release the valve on said bag over the toilet. Or wherever. It was originally designed for fat, drunk and lazy sports fans who couldn't be bothered to stand up to piss. According to the actual commercial that aired quite often around the fourth quarter of 1999, a bag of warm piss strapped to your leg would solve all your problems. The gang had found it an amazing idea, so during their second year of community college, they all ordered one and attempted to use them in class, with disastrous results.

        "Dude," Mark said, looking at Jake, "didn't you piss all over yourself in that film class we were taking?"
        
        "That was totally different! It wasn't secured properly and, ya know, I was sitting weird and what with gravity and all, my dick just kinda went south and the thing just, ya know, fell off. I didn't know. But look, we can fix that." He dug into his bag once more, this time retrieving a roll of duct tape.

        "So let me get this straight. You want me to duct tape this disgusting catheter, that, may I remind you, has previously been occupied by YOUR dick, to MY dick, and hope that the end result is better than the last time you used it. That's it. That's what you're telling me?"

        "Fuckin A, right!"

        "Yeah, alright. Good enough."

        "For everything else, we can always pick up some Depends."

        "Dude, I'll wear your little pissy-condom but there is no way I'm cruising around with a diaper."

        "Come on, you've never been a little curious about it?" Jake said, looking around the room at a bunch of blank faces. "Right! Like no one here has considered buying a pack of Depends and just trying them out...for fun?"

        The blank faces turned to faces of mild revulsion.

        "Oh. Um, well me either. That's gross."

        Brad leaned in close to Mark and whispered, "I'm going to get you to that Pacific Ocean, man. I promise you."

        "Thank you," Mark whispered back softly.

        "This is it, buddy. The big shebang. The last hoorah. All for you."

        Vallesa returned to the bedroom with a plate consisting of, what looked to be, a grilled cheese sandwich and some orange slices. "Are you hungry?"

        "A little. Thank you, Val."

        "You're absolutely welcome. Are you set on juice?"

        "Yeah, I've got enough. Thanks again."

        "My pleasure. Ring if you need anything. You boys behave yourselves."

        After she left the room, Mark asked the obvious question. "So how, exactly, are we going to do this? There is no way Val is going to let you take me out of here with everything I need. Christ, she would probably insist on coming with us even if we said we were going to the park or something. On top of that, how the hell are we going to get the drugs. She never lets that goddamn bag out of her sight." His voice began to crack, he was already parched. He turned his head and coughed a painful cough into the pillow.

        "You leave all of that up to us," Brad answered. "We've got this."

        "Yeah, well you guys figure that out and let me know when and where I have to be." He coughed again.

        "We'll leave you alone, man. Eat your lunch."

        "You're leaving?"

        "We'll be in the backyard working on a plan. We'll be back."

        "Hey guys...?"

        "What's up, Marcus?"

        "You guys don't plan on picking up any 
chicks along the way, do ya?"

        The three boys laughed together, Brad finally answering, "No man. We don't."

        "Okay good, because that ride you got us is quite the vagina dryer."

        Now all four of them laughed, Mark coughing uncontrollably at his own lame joke.

        The boys stood up and exited the bedroom, hoping to avoid Vallesa. They didn't want her to thwart their much needed planning session. The clock was ticking and they needed to come up with something expeditiously. They lucked out. While not being able to avoid her, she didn't much care what they were up to as she seemed to be consumed by whatever was playing on the television. That fucking bag sitting right next to her. 

        They cut through the spare bedroom and out the sliding glass door leading to the patio. The lawn, they noticed, was in desperate need of a mowing. While the boys often did maintenance on the front yard, they never once bothered to touch the back; the evidence of which was painfully obvious.

        "Jesus Christ," Daniel said, "I feel like Honey, I Shrunk the Kids out here."

        "Yeah," Brad agreed, adding, "we really slacked off in the backyard, huh?" They walked to the patio furniture and took a seat. "Be careful, Danny, there might be scarrrrry, scary spiders."

        "I hate you."

        "Okay, boys. Here's what we need to figure out," Jake said. "We need to, A: Figure out how to get Mark and all of his stuff out of the house without his twenty-four hour surveillance seeing. And B: Get that bag of drugs from Val or Mitchell. Any ideas?"

        "We could drug her," Daniel proposed.

        "Yeah, that's a great idea. Too bad cruel irony gets in our way. We need drugs to drug a girl to get drugs that could be used to drug the girl who has the drugs."

        "Huh?"

        "Forget it. Unless you know of a roofy-guy, which, unfortunately, I do not. Sorry boys, I'm not up on the date-rape scene."

        "Yeah, good point."

        Brad perked up. "You could knock her out!" He accompanied his awful idea with a stern fist into his palm, complete with punching sound effects. It got a mild chuckle from the crowd.

        "And you would feel comfortable hitting a woman?"

        "Oh, I didn't say I was going to do it. I said YOU could do it."

        "Not happening. Any other ideas?"

        A sly smirk formed on Daniel's face.

        "What?" Brad asked.

        "I have an idea. It's terrible and awful and will probably sentence us to an eternity in hell but-"

        "I'm listening," Brad said, him and Jake both leaning in closer to hear the plan.

        "Okay, well, what if Jake, ya know, hits on her?"

        A collected "What?" came from his audience.

   "Hear me out, hear me out. Look, she's obviously got the hots for him. There is beer in the fridge. All Jake has to do is grab two and sit down next to her, offering her one. If she refuses, Jake, just work your magic. We can do it later in her shift and can tell her Mark is asleep anyway and won't be up until long after her shift ends. Get a few beers in her then whisk her away to the spare bedroom. Chances are pretty good she'll leave that bag behind."

        "You want me to have sex with her?!"

        "No, no. You don't have to have sex with her, just make out with her a little, just to keep her distracted. We'll have everything packed and ready to go and as soon as you make your move, we run everything out to the van, pack Mark up, and wait for you."

        "How the hell do you expect me to get out of there?"

        "I don't know. Make a run for it."

        "Dude, why me?"

        "Because she obviously digs you."

        "Why can't you or Brad do it?"

        "Dude," Brad said, "I'm married. Sorry."

        "Flimsy fucking excuse. She's fat, dude. I 
don't want to bone a fat chick."

        "Come on, man, we all know you've had worse."

        "What are you talking about?"

        "Don't make me bring up that water polo player from college."

        "Dude, that was a secret!"

        "I know, and I didn't tell it to anyway. Simply stating a fact that you have had worse. A lot worse."

        Brad joined in, "Bitch looked like a fuckin' linebacker. Her shoulders were wider than all three of us standing next to each other. And the legs on her, good lord! She should have been named Thightanic."

        Daniel laughed hard, adding, "Thighscraper."

        "Shut up, assholes. I was drunk."

        "Bullshit!" Brad called, "You were not drunk! We were with you when you met her!"

        "God damn it. Oh well, I guess we've all got to pay the fat tax at one time or another."

        "I don't even understand how a normal man could sleep with such a Thigh-ranosaurus Rex like that."

        "Fuck off. And I don't call my underpants Home of the Whopper for nothing. Punks." The boys dissolved into uncontrollable laughter, before Jake eventually added, "Oh! You were right about one thing, though. This is definitely going to earn us a one way ticket straight to hell. What if she calls the cops when she realizes what happened?"

        "I'm sure she will. We've got to hightail it out of the shit-hole state as soon as possible."

        "Oh god, dude, I feel sick to my stomach."

        "Take one for the team, bro."

        "I really, really hate you guys."

        "It's having a few beers and making out with a girl. Who cares, man? It's for your friend."

        He breathed a heavy sigh and slumped his shoulders, "Yeah, I know."

        The boys sat on the patio as the sun drew downward and the night began to commence, while forming out the kinks in their plan. It was a horrible plan, they agreed, but a plan that would hopefully work. They didn't have the time to think of a better one. The snap in the air was getting worse and they were under-dressed. They decided to end their meeting and walked back inside, Brad setting the track lock on the sliding door, then out the front door to head home. They agreed the plan would take place tomorrow evening and that they would write Vallesa a note explaining everything after the deed was done, telling her this was Mark's last wish. His big shebang. His last hoorah.
  


It was a beautiful day,
the sun beat down
I had the radio on,
I was drivin'
Trees flew by,
me and Del were singin' little Runaway
I was flyin'

Yeah runnin' down a dream
That never would come to me
Workin' on a mystery,
goin' wherever it leads
Runnin' down a dream

I felt so good
like anything was possible
I hit cruise control
and rubbed my eyes
The last three days
the rain was un-stoppable
It was always cold, no sunshine

Yeah runnin' down a dream
That never would come to me
Workin' on a mystery,
goin' wherever it leads
Runnin' down a dream

I rolled on as the sky grew dark
I put the pedal down
to make some time
There's something good
waitin' down this road
I'm pickin' up whatever's mine 


        The boys went home that night and packed everything they thought they would need. None of them got much rest.

        The following day they met back at Mark's house, giving him a vague overview of the plan, simply saying Jake would distract Val while Daniel and Brad smuggled him out to the van. He was weak, though. His fentanyl patch had worn off in the night, requiring Mitchell to give him a dosage of morphine to get him back to sleep. When he awoke, a new patch was applied. Its effects had yet to kick in and Mark felt sick to his stomach and was ready to call off the whole plan and just die right here and now, in his bed. He was too feeble to argue, though, so he simply laid back, allowing fate to take over. Whatever happens, happens, he thought before drifting back into hallowed darkness.

        When Mark awoke, their plan would begin. They all stayed in the bedroom to give Vallesa the impression Mark was awake. Every fifteen minutes or so one of them would walk in to the living room and assure her everything was fine. Two hours after he fell asleep it was time for Jake to put forth his part of the mission. He casually strolled out of the bedroom and made his way to the fridge, a pit the size of a softball in his stomach. He wanted to throw up but he played it cool, grabbing two cold beers from the fridge and strutted back towards Vallesa on the sofa, sitting down next to her. The bag was in arm's reach, but it didn't matter. He twisted the cap off the first beer and handed it to a mildly shocked-looking Val.

        "I can't drink a beer. I'm on duty."

        "So what? Who's going to know? Mark just fell asleep. He's out like a light. He won't be up until long after your shift ends." He extended the beer further in her direction, all but forcing her to take it. She did. He twisted off the next cap and held the bottle up to her. "Cheers."

        "Cheers." Her face was bright red again. Jake had put his hand on her leg.

        They sat there flirting the whole time. When both their beers were depleted, Jake got up to retrieve more.

        "Where are you going?"

        "Just, ya know, going to the fridge, get a few more."

         "Ya know what?" she asked. "I'm uncomfortable out here. You maybe want to go in the other bedroom and watch TV?"

        "What? Um. Really?"

        "Yeah, we can stretch out, don't have to be cramped here on the sofa."

        "Um, yeah." His voice grew louder, "I WOULD LOVE TO GO IN THE BEDROOM WITH YOU."

        "Shh, silly."

        "Oh, my bad."

      Brad and Daniel heard the cue and gently tried to wake Mark up. He stirred a bit and finally opened his eyes, Brad saying, "It's time, buddy."

        Jake was slightly taken aback when Val grabbed his hand and led him to the back bedroom, closing and locking the door behind them. It wasn't until he sat on the bed that he noticed she had brought that fucking bag with her. Goddamn it, he thought. That fucking bag!

        She set it on the dresser in front of the bed then made her way back to where Jake was sitting. She reached out and grabbed the collar of his T-shirt, pulling upwards and forcing him to his feet. She forcefully grabbed his belt, tugging him close and undoing it. Jake was pretty sure he objected but couldn't be positive. He wasn't sure if the words actually exited his mouth or somehow became trapped between his throat and teeth. She undid his belt and pulled his shorts  and underwear off so hard the front button popped off and ended up God-knows-where. She pushed him backwards on to the bed, his legs comically flailing up and over his entire body. When the stars cleared from his eyes he saw Val standing at the foot of the bed, her scrub bottoms missing. Oh God, he thought. Oh God no! She climbed on the bed and straddled him with her Honey-Baked-Ham thighs. Jake thought he could feel his ribs cracking like twigs under the massive pressure of the husky woman perched atop him.

        Jake tried to sit up but was helpless against her. She sensed his struggle and placed her right hand on his chest, holding him still. "You're going to get it now, big stud."

        Outside the closed door, Brad and Daniel sneaked past holding all the luggage and quietly, carefully, took it outside to the van. When they came back they searched the living room for the medicine bag. It was nowhere to be found.

        "Fuck bro, you don't think she took it in there with her, do you?" Daniel asked.

        "Dude, I do think that. God damn it. Do we wait to see if Jake grabs it or do we risk trying to get it ourselves?" Brad fished a folded up piece of paper from his wallet and flattened it on the table next to him; Val's note, in plain sight for her.

        "We've got to risk getting it ourselves. If Jake doesn't grab it, that's it, we're fucked."

        "Shit. Okay, I'll peek inside. First, let's get Mark loaded up and get that motor running in case we have to make a mad dash." They walked back into the bedroom and unfolded Mark's wheelchair. "Okay dude, we're going to pick you up. You ready?" Mark nodded his head and the two boys bent over and lifted him from his bed and gently set him down in the wheel chair. They pushed him to the door and told him to watch his hands, it was going to be a tight squeeze through the door jamb. 

        "Where's Jake?"

        "He's uh, entertaining Val." Daniel answered.

        "Holy shit. You don't mean...?"

        "No," Brad assured him. "He's just keeping her occupied. Maybe they're making out a little, but that's it."

        They reached the car and, after a few more wisecracks about the ride from Mark, got him comfortably seated with his wheelchair stowed behind him. "Good news, guys. That fen patch is kicking in finally."

        "Great," Brad said, taking his phone from his pocket and typing a text to Jake, asking if he would be able to get the bag and still make a clean getaway. Two minutes passed with no response. He would have to get it himself. "Danny, get the car started. In fact, pull it out of the driveway and back it in, just in case we need a speedy getaway. Keep the door open, too. I'm going in." He tossed the keys to Daniel and turned to continue his quest. He heard Mark's faint voice behind him, telling him good luck.

        Brad cut through the house and went straight into the backyard jungle. He needed to peek in through the glass door to, first, locate the bag, and second, see if the bag was easily attainable without getting busted. He had no luck, though. The curtains were drawn. He gently tugged on the door handle, trying to slide it open a crack. When it wouldn't budge, he remembered setting the lock the previous night. He went back inside.

        Outside the closed door, he held his ear close to listen. He heard moans. He couldn't believe it. His heart beating at a rapid pace as he fished a dime from his pocket and used it to easily unlock the door. Then he slowly turned the doorknob, hoping he went unheard, and pushed the door open just to squeeze through then quickly got down to his knees. The side wall of the closet was currently providing cover for him, but once free of its confines there would be nothing between him and Val. He located the bag, sitting on the dresser straight ahead. He wearily stuck his head around the corner, a deadening feeling forming in his intestines. He clenched his teeth at the optical agony. Val was on her back, legs wrapped tightly around Jake's back. Thrusting. Oh dear lord, the thrusting! Brad held back the urge to vomit and run away in terror, calling off the whole plan. He thought about poor Mark, waiting in the van and knew he had to press on. 

        His eyes were locked on Jake's disgusting, hairy ass. God damn, he thought, it looks like a squirrel has taken up residence in his ass crack! Look away, Brad. God, why won't you look away?! He closed his eyes tightly, bringing his auditory senses more keen to the moist slap-slap-slapping sounds filling the room. A gag caught in his throat, forcing his eyes open. There were no lesser of two evils.

        He forced his eyes closed again, stuck his right index finger into his right ear and crawled out on his knees into unprotected territory, unnoticed. He reached the dresser and raised his left hand up, feeling around for the bag. When he had a hold of it he quickly stole it from its perch and crawled swiftly back out the door. Once free, he scrambled to his feet and ran through the house, busting through the front door and towards the van, laughing so hard it was difficult to find breath. 

        While Brad told his story, Jake was inside finishing up. He collapsed on top of Val then rolled off. "Holy shit," he said, as they both laid there for a while, breathing heavily and covered in sweat. "Welp, I guess I better get going. You're on birth control, right?" He made an attempt to sit up but was pulled back down by Val's hand on his shoulder. 

        "Where do you think you're going?"

        "Ya know, it's getting late, and my friends are out there, and-"
        
        Val focused on the spot her bag should have been occupying. Her eyes narrowed and her face turned red. "Where's my bag?"

        "Your what?"
        
        "My fucking black bag with your friend's medicine in it?"

        "How should I know? I've been busy, remember, pressure washing the ol' quiver bone? Takin' you on a tour of the Hostess factory... It's probably in the living room where you left it."

        She sat up and skootched her fat ass over to the foot of the bed and got to her feet. "Bullshit!" She turned to face him. "I set it right here. Where the fuck is it?!"

        "I've been in here the whole goddamn time. Remember. There's some proof right there...and there. Let me go out and ask the guys if they've seen it."

        "Oh no, Loverboy, you're not going anywhere." She made her way to the door, cracking it open and peeking out. Jake used this time to get off the bed.

        "Let me just go ask." He was standing with his back to the sliding glass door. Nonchalantly, over the curtain, he reached behind his back for the door handle, hoping to slide it open and make a run for it while she was preoccupied. It was locked. Fuck!

        Val stuck her head out the door and yelled out, "Hey guys, can you come here for a second. It's important." There was no answer. She tried again, this time louder. If they were in the house, they were sure to hear. "Guys, come quick, it's an emergency!" Jake just stood there, buck naked, trying to hold in his bowels from a nervous expulsion. He took a few steps towards her. "You stay right there," she barked!

        "I'm just going to get my pants. Shit." He made a few more steps in her direction before she slammed the door and locked it. She turned her hellish, pissed off face towards him. Oh fuck, he thought. I'm dead.

        "I don't like this at all. I'm calling the hospital. You stay right there." She bent down slowly and pulled her wadded up scrub pants towards her, blocking Jake's escape the whole time. She pulled her phone from the scrub pocket and attempted to dial. Jake leaped forward and slapped the phone from her hand, sending it sliding under the bed. Val's face shot up in shock, eyes wide, mouth open in disbelief before quickly returning back to angry.

        "Oh fuck oh fuck," Jake said, panicking. In the split second when Val was deciding whether to pick the phone back up or ring Jake's scrawny little neck, Jake turned and sprinted towards the sliding glass door, crashing through it and sending him sliding face first onto the patio floor entangled in curtains, glass sticking in him. Thank God for those curtains, he thought and he tried desperately to get to his feet. He didn't even look back to see where she was, he just found his footing and ran as fast as his bloody feet could take him.

        Outside in the van, all eyes were on the front door, waiting anxiously for Jake to emerge. Their attention was drawn from the front door to the side gate.

        "Was that glass?" Mark asked.

        They didn't even have time to answer when they saw Jake hoisting himself up and over the locked, wooden gate, as naked as the day he was born, and come blazing towards them, bare feet crushing the left over snow beneath them and leaving slight pink blotches in the wake while his dick bounced up and down like Rocky's speed bag in a training montage.

I,
I could be anything
But for the fault that I've acquired on my way
We
We were the end of it
But now we see the sun shining in our face
We see the sun shining in our face

So come on, come on we can be saved
The lives we live, the wars we wage
When everyone just tells us how to feel
We're sleeping at the wheel

And I
I would give anything
But for the grace of God I'm here and still aware
We know the end is overrated
We've became the walls we raise
We don't believe enough but we still cared
Standing on the edge without a prayer

So come on, come on it's all we got
Our hands are full, our lives are not
The loose affiliation with the real
We're sleeping at the wheel

All of the time we've lost
All of the love we gave
And now these hands are tied
I can't help thinking
That I was in the days I was losing my place
I was screaming out at everything
Waiting for the walls to come down
Before my moment starts of fade
But everything that's perfect falls away

So come on, come on we can be saved
The lives we live, the wars we wage
When everyone just tells us how to feel
We're sleeping at the wheel
We're sleeping at the wheel
Just sleeping at the wheel 

        "Go, go, go, go!" Jake was yelling as he barreled towards the van. Daniel, still in the driver's seat, put the car in drive and slowly began descending the driveway. As soon as Jake jumped in the opened door and slid it closed, Daniel punched the gas leaving streaks of laid rubber and a thick haze of dust in their wake as the tires gained their grip on the icy ground below, speeding past Brad's parent's house, remembering to give his horn a little hello-honk which had been his custom since the day he first got his driver's license. 

        Brad turned in his seat to face Jake. "Dude! What the fuck?!"

        "Fuckin' chick raped me, dude! I was powerless! I had to crash through the fucking glass door to escape!"

        "Jesus Christ," Daniel said, "somebody give him a goddamn blanket or something! He's assing up the seat! And bleeding!" Jake had one hand covering his crotch and the other hand gripping the armrest as he leaned forward and tried to catch his breath. Mark was having a coughing fit of laughter.

        "Rape, my ass," Brad said. "I saw you in there, big stud."

        "I hate you."

        "Home of the Whopper, my ass, too."

        "Fuck off! I'm a grower not a shower! Besides, I'm sure you caught a glimpse of the goods in full working order, back there. Don't lie."

      Mark, through his painful coughs of hysterics, said, "I swear to God if I died right now I would go a happy man."

        Daniel turned a corner, pulling onto his parent's street and put the van in park. He got out and went around the back, opening up the rear hatch. He opened up one of the suitcases and retrieved a blanket, tossing it at the back of Jake's head. "Please. Please, bro, cover that shit up." Jake took the blanket from his head and wrapped it around him.

        "We've got to stop somewhere so I can change."

        "It's cool," Brad said, "we'll go to my house. Jen and Cari want to say bye..." He stopped himself from saying 'to Mark' and instead added, rather foolishly, "to all of us, ya know."

        Mark, still trying to settle his cough, said, "Good. I'd really like to see them, too."

        "Shit dude," Jake said, "not only am I bleeding, I have splinters in my feet from that stupid gate." Daniel returned to the driver's seat and they took off towards Brad's house, Jake complaining the whole time as he picked little shards of wood from his toes.

        When they pulled in to Brad's driveway, Jake slid the door open and got out, making sure the blanket concealed all, and went to the back to retrieve his suitcase. Brad got out of the car and told Jake to stay there for a second, he would go inside and tell the girls to come out then he could sneak in and get dressed.

        Brad returned shortly, Carolyn in his arms and Jeni walking beside him. Jen leaned into the open side door, making a crack about the guy's sweet ride.

        "It was all they had," Daniel assured her.

        "It's cool. I won't judge," she said, smiling. "How are you feeling, Mark?"

        "Never better," he coughed.

        "Where is Jake?"

        "Oh," Brad answered, "he had to run inside. He had a little accident and had to change clothes."

        "Oh god, he didn't already ruin the rental car did he?"

        "No, no. No big deal. He just, ya know, spilled something."

        "Yeah, his seed," Daniel added, under his breath.

        "What?" Jeni asked.

        "Nothin'."

        Jeni narrowed her eyes and inhaled. "Why does the car already smell like rank pussy?" Her remark caused Mark to cough even harder and Daniel had to turn away to hide his smile. "Please remember to shower on this trip. If you stinky bastards have already funked up the car after one day, I can't imagine what it's going to be like in a few weeks."

        "We will, baby. I promise, it's just, ya know...dudes." Brad said as he set Carolyn on her feet inside the van. She slowly and unsteadily hobbled towards Mark. "Give Uncle Mark a big hug, okay. You won't see him for at least a couple of weeks. Uncle Danny, too." Jake came walking back to the car, fully clothed with suitcase in tow.

        "Hey, there are my girls."

        "Hi Jacob. Heard you had an accident."

        "Oh, it was no accident; your husband and these other two assholes made me fu-"

         Brad quickly snapped bolt upright, interrupting with, "Spill your drink. You're right. It was kinda my fault. No harm no foul, though. All is well." Jeni gave him a weird look then turned back to Jake.

        "Yep, they made me spill by drink. Lousy jerks."

        Inside the van, Mark held on to his god daughter, knowing full well this would be the last time he ever got the chance. He was careful not to cough on her and was struggling to fight back his tears. Carolyn, with an adorably large smile on her face, showing off her two teeth, leaned in and gave Mark a small peck on the left side of his lips. The dam had broken and tears flooded his eyes spilling up and over on to his face and on to Carolyn. She remained clung to him.

        "Come on, Carolyn, Daddy has to go," Brad said, reaching in to get her. Mark released his grip on her and told him that he loved her and always would. Brad lifted her up and held her in front of Daniel. "Give Uncle Danny kisses." She leaned in just as before, planting one on Daniel's chin. Brad scooted back and out of the car, passing her off to Jake and returning his attention to his wife. "We've really got to go, babe."

        "I know. Please be safe." Jake said his goodbye to Carolyn, passed her to Jeni and got in his seat. Jeni leaned in, "You boys behave yourselves, you hear me." A collected Yes Ma'am came from the van. "I want to see all of you back here safe and sound in a few weeks, you understand?" Her eyes were getting misty, she knew all-to-well the whole reasoning behind the trip, but she couldn't help but pray for a miracle. It was silly, she knew, but she was grasping at straws. Mark had become like a brother to her, it was hard to say goodbye.

        "We will," Mark said, still wiping the moisture from his cheeks and attempting to blink back more tears.

        "We love you guys," she said, sliding the door closed. 

        Brad lowered his window and stuck his head out, whispering to Jeni, "If uh, anyone happens to come around asking you anything about us, you don't know anything, okay. Just say, I dunno, we were going down to Orlando, taking him to Disneyworld or something.

        "Oh lord, what did you do?"

        "Nothing. I promise. Just in case, ya know. I love you two."

        "We love you."

    The boys backed out the driveway and watched Jeni and Carolyn wave to them as they began their journey. Mark honked twice as they drove off into the dusk.

        Jeni stood there a few minutes more, crying.

        The boys turned on to Leavenworth Street and eventually merged onto Interstate-80, heading west towards Lincoln. They had no real plan, no reservations, just a desire to show their friend a good time and get him to Santa Monica.

        Brad turned to face the backseat, "You comfortable back there, buddy?"

        "Yeah, I'm doing okay. Do you think we can get some drinks though? That coughing fit and stupid morphine really messed up my throat."

        "Absolutely, there is an ice chest in back but the drinks are warm or we can stop at a gas station or drive through."

        "Gas station, please. I want some ice to chew on."

        "Sounds good, we'll get ice for the chest, too. Danny, that cool?"

        "Sure, I'll pull off at the next exit."

        "Jesus, Jake, blood is soaking through your shirt! Why did you wear a white shirt?!"

        "Dude, I don't know, I wasn't thinking." He looked down and discovered that indeed, his shirt was beginning to be soiled by tiny flecks of crimson. "Oh well."

        "Yeah, oh well. Your new name is Maxi."

        "I hate you. Hate you all."

        Daniel pulled off two miles later into a small town that was barely even visible from the interstate. He stopped at a Sinclair filling station. He and Brad got out of the van and asked Mark and Jake what they wanted. Mark wanted apple juice with a large cup of ice, Jake wanted a Red Bull and a large Dr. Pepper. 

        They returned less than five minutes later, both loaded down with drinks and various unhealthy snacks. Daniel said he would continue to drive as he reclaimed his seat behind the wheel. He looked in the rear-view mirror and adjusted it to see Mark's face. He looked tired. "So Marcus, where to?"

        "I don't care, man. I'm getting tired." He took a mouthful of ice and chomped down on it. It tasted good. Ever since his cancer got worse his taste buds seemed to grow more susceptible. Food he used to love he could no longer stomach, and even something as simple as ice would often negatively-affect his palate, forcing him to endure every particle of shit that had been domiciliate in the water before freezing. His ice cubes at home had to be made in a tray with either Aquafina or Smart Water. Those tasted the best to him.

        "I know. I'm wide awake though, we can go where ever you want and you can sleep."

        "What's on the way to the beach?"

        "Beats me, man. Thirty-three years old and the farthest I've travelled from home was fucking Joplin, Missouri."

        "Topeka Kansas for me," Brad said.

        "I've got you all beat," Jake said. "Bozeman Montana! Land of the Future! If by future you mean meth labs."

        "I've never even been out of Nebraska," Mark said softly. "Thirty-three years old and I've never left my home state. Pathetic."

        "It's not pathetic. And that doesn't even matter anymore, bro" Daniel said. "We're on the road, headed out of this shit hole. Anywhere you want to go. You just tell me."

        "Well," Mark said, his eyelids growing heavy as his body was nearing sleep, "I've kinda always wanted to see Mount Rushmore." His eyes closed and his body went slack.

        Brad turned to Daniel and then to Jake, "Mount Rushmore?"

        Jake shrugged his shoulder, Daniel said, "Sure. Pull it up on GPS."

        The trip was said to take nearly ten hours. They could be there by morning. Daniel put the van in reverse, exited the parking lot and merged back on the I-80, through Lincoln, then on to the 26 cutting through nearly the entire length of Nebraska and onto the 385 North towards Rapid City. While they had an iPod and auxiliary cord with them, they chose the radio. They picked up random stations as they passed through towns, some songs making them rolls their eyes with awfulness, others making them giggle with guilty pleasure or nostalgia, all-the-while  keeping the volume low. The novelty wore off soon enough when the station seemed to get a little boy-band heavy and Brad plugged in his iPod and started the mix he had made especially for their road trip. Talk about nostalgia, Brad thought. This ought to blow them away with its awesomeness. 

        Brad pressed play, sending his Class-of-1997 Play-list from his iPod through the speakers. Quietly, they began to laugh when they caught on to what Brad had done. The first song out of the gate was  Lullaby by Shawn Mullins. Jake and Daniel both rolled their eyes but neither offered up any sort of objections. 

        "Hope you guys like this. I actually stayed up quite late putting this together."

        "Shitty tunes from the nineties?" Jake asked

        "Come on, man. Tell me this song alone doesn't whisk you back to a much more simpler time."

        "Oh, I wasn't complaining." Jake responded, with a cheesy grin sprawled across his face.

        "What else do you have on here?" Daniel asked.

        "Oh, just wait and see, man. Just wait and see."

        "Mark is going to love this shit," Jake said.

        "I know."

        "Gentlemen," Daniel said. "We may just have some fun on this trip."

   Mark continued to sleep, coughing occasionally, but still seeming at peace as the minivan tore through the night. He wasn't missing much, though, aside from the nostalgic tunes coursing through the speakers. The scenery never seemed to change, just nothingness concealed in darkness. It wasn't until that moment the three boys truly realized just how boring their state was. With Mark sitting next to them, along on this trip for nothing more than to bear witness to one simple thing that millions of people take for granted before his life is unjustly cut short, each of them are lost in thought with various renditions of the same question; Have I wasted my life?  This was their time for redemption. For a lifetime of stagnancy. Their time was now.
         
        Everything is gonna be all right, Rockabye
.



If I leave here tomorrow
Would you still remember me? 
For I must be traveling on, now
'Cause there's too many places I've got to see
But, if I stayed here with you, girl
Things just couldn't be the same

'Cause I'm as free as a bird now
And this bird you can not change
And this bird you can not change
And this bird you can not change
Lord knows, I can't change

Bye, bye, baby it's been a sweet love
Though this feeling I can't change
But please don't take it so badly
'Cause Lord knows I'm to blame
But, if I stayed here with you girl
Things just couldn't be the same

'Cause I'm as free as a bird now
And this bird you can not change
And the bird you can not change
And this bird you can not change
Lord knows, I can't change
Lord help me, I can't change

Lord I can't change
Won't you fly, free bird, yeah

        Twenty-five miles from the monument, according to the GPS, Mark began coughing severely and woke himself up, meeting instant pain. He tried to bring his legs up to his chest but barely got half way before dropping them back down and trying to roll on his side. He was moaning in agony and began mumbling something none of the boys could make out. Jake placed his hand on Mark's arm and reminded him they were all there and asked him what he needed. His question went ignored.

        I said maybe, you're gonna be the one who saves me. And after all...

        Brad, who had taken over driving duty just before crossing the state line, turned the stereo off and looked in the backseat at his friend. "Shit dude, hold on buddy. We're pulling over at the next exit. Just hang in there for a few more minutes." Mark continued mumbling to himself. Jake thought he heard the word Mom, but couldn't be sure. 

        The van exited at the next off-ramp and the boys found themselves in a town roughly the size of a shoebox with a giant billboard advertising a place called Wall Drug . There was a Motel 6, though, and that was good enough. Brad tore into the parking lot, stopping directly in front of the office. "Keep him calm, I'll be right back." He opened his door and hopped out, engine still running, and made his way briskly into the office, slamming his hand down on the bell to get the worker's attention. He paid for two rooms with an adjoining door, grabbed the set of keys and dashed back to the van and pulled it into a spot directly in front of their quarters. The sun was just beginning to rise. All three able-bodied boys sprang from their seats and exited the van. Brad tossed Daniel the keys, "Rooms 106 and 107. Get the door open and the bed ready. We'll be right there." Daniel nodded and ran towards the room. Brad leaned in the car, "Hang in there, dude, we're going to get you some medicine and a nice bed. Sound good?" Only moans answered. 

        "Dude, should we wheelchair it or just carry him?" Jake asked.

        "Umm. Shit. Dude? Wheelchair or you want us to carry you?" Still no audible response. "Fuck it, let's carry him. Be careful though." Jake got in the van and stood hunched over behind Mark's chair. Brad took up post at his feet. "Okay dude, on three, careful. Ready?"

        "I'm ready. Marcus, you ready?"

        "One...two...three." The two of them slowly and cautiously lifted Mark up and out of his chair as Jake walked around and took the full burden of Mark's weight. As Mark, in Jake's arms, made their way to the motel room, Brad grabbed the medical bag, closed the door and followed directly behind them. 

        Daniel was standing by the bed and had the covers all turned down to welcome its guest. Jake gently laid him down. Brad had the medicine bag on the counter, opened and was rummaging through it, pulling out all its contents and setting them in a row. "Shit, Mark, what do you take?"

        "He's not going to answer, bro" Daniel said. "He needs the Oxy. I've seen him take that shit when he wakes up like this. It's the Oxy, I'm sure of it."

        Brad grabbed the bottle and spilled out two pills into his palm. "Hand me that notepad on the dresser, Jacob." Jake grabbed it and tossed to him. Brad ripped off a sheet and put the two pills on top. He screwed the lid back on the bottle then smashed it down on the pills, over and over, until they were broken into several pieces, then began to grind up the pebbles by pushing down hard on the bottle and spinning it back and forth. When the pills were successfully transformed into powder he rolled the paper up and passed it to Jake. "Careful dude, that'll make it dissolve fast. Try to dump most of it under his tongue if you can."

        Jake held the paper over Marks mouth. "Daniel, open his mouth for me, try to keep it still." He rolled the paper tighter making the dispersing hole smaller while Daniel gently held Mark's mouth open. Jake waited for the right moment and when Mark's tongue shot up towards the roof of his mouth, he quickly poured the ground up Oxy under it. "Shit, where's his juice?"

        "God damn it! I left it in the van." Brad bolted out the door and returned a few moments later with the mostly full bottle of apple juice from the gas station so many hours ago.  "Can he swallow?"

        Daniel looked up, "I have no idea. We never got around to asking him exactly what to do. We fucked up."

        "Yeah, I'll say we fucked up. Look." Brad nodded towards Mark whose body began to loosen and become still. He eyes and mouth both shut slowly and within seconds he had slipped peacefully back into his sleep. 

    Brad, Daniel and Jake collapsed onto themselves in equal parts relief and sheer terror. "Fuck me," Daniel said. 

        "Okay guys, from now on, we are better prepared," Brad said. "No more incidents like this one. We need to have everything on hand and we need to have the back seats of the van folded down with a blanket and pillow at all times. We got lucky this time, but God knows when it will happen again."

        "Agreed," Jake said. "When he wakes up we have to get him to drink something though."

        "He had that ice in the car," Daniel said, "so at least he has something in him. I don't think he's peed either. We'll have to handle all that shit when he wakes up, I guess." Jakes face noticeably showed grimace. "Bro, you knew it was going to be difficult."

        "I know. No worries. We can handle this."

        Brad rubbed his eyes with his palms, heart still thumping in his chest. "Anyone mind if we get a little sleep now?"

        "Absolutely not," Jake said.

        "I got us adjoining rooms, we'll just leave the door open, that way we can all listen for Mark."

        "You guys get some sleep," Daniel said. "There's a little gas station across the street. I'm going to go get a few drinks and hopefully some yogurt or something for Mark when he wakes up."

        "I'll go with you, dude. That's a good idea."

        "I'll stay here with him," Brad said, plopping down on the room's second bed. "Get Gatorade, too. He likes the red one." Daniel nodded and he and Jake exited the room, the sun showing itself fully now. Both boys squinted as their eyes met the day.

        They returned to the room to find Mark still resting peacefully and Brad laying half on his bed with his legs dangling off. "Brad, you awake?" Daniel asked. 

        "Yeah, I'm up," he said, wrestling himself into a seated position.

        "We got some snacks and stuff, bro, and a bag of ice."

        "Cool," Brad said, getting to his feet. "I'll run out to the van and get the ice chest. I need a phone charger, too. I'm at like eight percent." He stood up and grabbed the keys from the table and walked outside and Daniel was emptying the bags from the gas station. Jake walked outside to help with the luggage.

        "I need my charger, too. And a change of clothes."

        "Dude, what you need is a shower. You still stink of Val-gina."

        "Ugh dude, don't remind me."

        Brad opened the back hatch of the minivan, grabbed the ice chest set it on the pavement and drained the water from it. He then loaded up as many bags as he could, hanging them on his shoulder. Jake took the two bigger suitcases with wheels and closed the door. They hauled everything back in to the room and unloaded. Daniel opened the bag of ice and dumped it in, putting a few drinks inside and four Yoplait yogurts.

        "Alright guys, it's not fancy," Daniel said, "but we've got some delicious Hostess donuts, fresh as the Prince, I'm sure. Some Ding-Dongs, some delicious and oh-so-healthy Twinkies and some orange juice."

        "Donuts," Brad said as he was promptly tossed a package.

        "I'll take the Ding-Dong," Jake said, grabbing them from the table. "I haven't had one of these things in years, man. Seriously, like at least ten." He opened the package and took a huge bite, consuming more than half of the crème-filled cake with a single chomp. "Oh God, they're just as good as I remember."

        The boys giggled a bit as they each ate their selected breakfast and drank their juice. "So, what's the plan, guys?" Brad asked.

        "No idea, bro," Daniel said. "I say we just stay here for the day, let him rest, and when he feels up to it we continue on towards Mt. Rushmore. There was a diner behind the gas station so when we wake up we can get dinner or lunch or whatever."

        "That's fine with me," Jake said.

        "Me too. We really need to figure out his medicine situation though. We need to figure out exactly what he has and what he needs and when he needs it. Today freaked me out, man, and I don't want to be caught in that situation again."

        "None of us do, dude," Jake said. "I'm pretty sure each of his prescriptions has the dosage and all that shit on it. We can figure it out. Plus, we always have the magic of the internet to help guide us."

        Brad stood up again and picked up the pill bottles one at a time. "Hey, here ya go, Danny-boy." He tossed Daniel a bottle. Medical marijuana. 

        "Ha! Dude, let's save this for later."

        "Whose phone has a charge? Mine is deader than Yahoo Serious' movie career."

        Daniel fished his iPhone from his pocket, "I've got plenty. What do you need?"

        "Here, we need to look up these drugs. We can't mess this up."

        "Dude, maybe we should have put a little more thought into this trip before just taking off," Jake said.

        "Yeah, well in hindsight, you are correct. But we didn't have time and the opportunity came up. I swear to God though, if he gets bad I'm calling off the whole trip and taking him to the closest hospital." The boys each slowly nodded. "Okay, Danny, pull up Google and type in these drugs, see what it gives us. Ready?"

        "Ready."

        "Okay, the first one we know, Oxycontin. Skip that." He picked up the next bottle. "Okay, this one is...Meth-o-tri-me...Forget it. I'll just spell M-E-T-H-O-T-R-I-M-E-P-R-A-Z-I-N-E."

        Daniel punched the letters into his phone and clicked on the first article Google offered. "Okay, it looks like that one is used forrrr... Delirium? Wait, yeah, it says like for mood changes, hallucinations, confusion or memory loss." Brad sat at the table and wrote down Methortimeprazine and its use. "What's next?"

        Brad grabbed the next bottle. "This one looks to just be a high-dosage of ibuprofen." The next bottle was the morphine. "This is the one I'm worried about. I really have no idea what it does. Shit, the only thing I know about morphine is from that movie The Crow when Brandon Lee squeezes it out of that beat-up woman's arm and says MORPHINE IS BAD." The three of them shared a laugh. "Seriously, dude, ever since then I've been like Okay, Crow says morphine is bad, good enough for me, I'm never touching the shit."

        Daniel smiled and looked down at his phone, continuing the research. "This says that not only can the morphine help the pain and allow the patient to sleep, it also helps if he gets shortness of breath. So, that's good to know. Does it say dosages on the bottles?"

        "Yeah, we're set there. I hope. Next up is, shit, um, Bendzodia...Ugh! B-E-N-Z-O-D-I-A-Z-E-P-I-N-E. Who comes up with these goddamn names?"

        "Okay, Ben-zo-die-zap-een, I guess, is used to manage anxiety."

        "Shit," Jake said, "let's all pop a few of those."
        
        "Don't tempt me, bro." 

        "Hey, here is Oxycodone. Anyone know the difference between this and the other?"

        "Nope. I'll look it up." Brad stretched in his chair, his back was hurting and his legs felt cramped. He was exhausted, as was everyone else in the cramped motel room. "It just says for pain. I guess it's pretty much the same thing."

        "Okay, the only other stuff are a few fen patches and the medi-Mary, and, um, Ambien. That's just for sleep, though."

        "Should we put another one of those patches on him now?" Jake asked. "He said they took a while to work, remember?"

        "He's already got one, remember? They take a while to kick in. Ugh! Let's just wait for the Oxy to settle a bit. I don't want to load him up on a drug cocktail already. Christ, he's already had one O.D. this week."

        "Okay, how 'bout this idea then? Sleep! Pass me one of those Benzo-Fuckitalls to knock my ass out."

        "Preach on, Brother Jacob." Each of them retired to their beds and swiftly drifted off.


***

        Mark began stirring about five hours later and Brad, in his state of half-conscious, half-lucid, wearily sat up to make sure everything was okay. "You alright, dude?"

        Mark continued fidgeting in his sheets before his eyelids finally unsealed and Brad came slowly into focus. He tried to talk but his mouth was too arid to produce words. He tongue felt intumescent and his throat felt as if he had swallowed gravel. He tried speaking again but only cacophonous sounds escaped him to which Brad could not understand.

        "Hold on, Buddy, we have water." He twisted the lid on one of the bottles from the ice chest and inserted a straw, holding it close to Mark's dry, cracked lips. He took two successful swallows but choked on the third. He waited a few seconds for his mouth to regain its requisite moisture. 

        "Where are my parents?" he asked in a harsh, raspy voice. "Where am I?"

        Brad was momentarily addlepated and didn't know how to respond. He figured Mark had awoken mid-dream and was still caught between chimera and reality. "You're parents aren't here, dude. This is Brad. Your best friend. We're somewhere in South Dakota. Remember? We're going to see Mt. Rushmore today at your request. Remember?"

       Daniel had wandered in from the other room,    "What's wrong?"

        "Not sure. He doesn't know where he is and he just asked for his parents."

        "Aw, hell."

       "Yeah. Mark, look. It's Danny. You remember us."

        His eyes closed then opened again as his brain pushed the reverie away and he began to realize his situation. "Yeah. Yeah I know."

        "You okay, bro?" 

        "Yeah. I'm-" He coughed a loud, dry cough then reached for his water. Brad held it up to his lips as he took a few more sips. "I'm okay. I'm okay."

        "What can we get you?" Brad asked. "We have some yogurt, you want some of that?"

        "Nah. Not hungry."

        "Come on, man, you've got to eat something. Don't make us hold you down and shove this crap down your throat. We'll do it."

        "As tempting as that sounds, maybe I'll have a few bites."

        "Now you're talkin'." Brad got up and retrieved a yogurt from the ice chest and a plastic-wrapped spoon taken from the gas station. He sat down on the bed and fed Mark a few spoonfuls.

        "This isn't as erotic as I had hoped," Mark joked.

        "Yeah well, just wait, after this, the three of us are stripping you naked and throwing you in the bathtub. How's that for erotic?"

        "Fine, but no making fun of Mr. Johnson. My blood is way too busy trying to keep me alive and doesn't have time to just be hanging out in the love-handle making it look good. Its current appearance absolutely does not properly reflect its normalcy. So, ya know, no jokes." He coughed up a laugh causing Brad to flinch backwards and avoid any yogurt spittle that may be headed in his direction.

        Daniel  stood on the side laughing the whole time. "Man, this is quite the trip," he said. "Already two penis appearances. Who's next, B, me or you?"

        "Oh man, I guess we'll just have to see."

        Jake yelled from the other room, "Everything okay?"

        "Yeah, bro, everything is fine."

        "Cool, I'll be right there."

        Brad checked the time on his phone and thought it would be safe to give Mark a few ibuprofens. He unscrewed the cap and dumped two out into his palm. "Here dude, swallow these. We'll give you a bath then slap a fresh Fen patch on ya. The one you have is proving to be quite the dud."

        "Cool." He opened his mouth and swallowed the pills. "I think I have to pee, too."

        "Well you can do that in the bathtub."

        "Pee in the bathtub? Really?"

        "Yeah dude, everyone does it. That's what the bubble bath is for. Duh."

        Mark looked shocked and mildly grossed out. He turned to Daniel to side with him. No help there. Daniel shook his head in approval. 

        "Yeah bro, that's the whole fun of taking baths."

        Mark closed his eyes and shook his head slightly. "Well, we shall see, I guess. Are we hittin' the mountain today?"

        "I don't know," Brad said, "it's already four o'clock, I think we should just take it easy here and let you get as much rest as possible. We can hit it first thing in the morning. That way we can spend as much time up there as you want. When you get tired, we can continue the drive or find another motel. Whatever you feel up to." He turned to look and Daniel. "What do you think?"

        "That's a good idea. We can walk down and go get some food and bring it back, have a nice romantic dinner for four in this lovely Motel 6 room."

        Jake walked in and joined the rest of his friends, "Dude, is it bad that I'm still tired?"

        "Dude, we're all tired," Brad answered. "We're going to give Mark a bath then head down the street and find some food to bring back. Just hang out here for the night, hit Mt. Rushmore in the morning."

        "Sounds good to me. Want me to go start the water?" Jake asked, nodding to the bathroom.

        "Yeah. Lots of piss-cleanse, don't forget."

        Brad, Mark and Daniel laughed while Jake looked around at each of them, completely befuddled. "Oh!" He said excitedly, finally getting it. "Bubble bath! Ha, I getcha."

        Jake readied the bath water as Daniel and Brad helped Mark to his feet. "Can you walk okay?" Jake asked.

        "Yeah. I think I'll be okay. Just help me out."

        "No sweat." 

        With one arm around Brad's shoulders and one arm around Daniel's, Mark slowly made his walk to the bathroom and sat on the toilet seat. They removed his shirt and carefully removed his sweatpants, Daniel holding on to him so he wouldn't lose his balance. 

        "Oh man, you look like an uncircumcised baby," Jake cracked. 

        "Funny, asshole. Like I told them, my blood is a little busy at the moment. Now do you see why I wasn't too thrilled with the Stadium Pal idea?"

        "It's cool man, that's what mine ended up looking like that time it popped off and I pissed myself."

        "Actually," Brad said, "ya know when mine gets like that? When I'm sick. I call it Sick Dick. I guess you're right, your blood just has more important things to do than hang out in the mine-shaft."

        The four boys shared a hearty laugh then ever-so-carefully lifted Mark into the warm water. This was the first time Daniel had really noticed just how brittle and wispy his friend's body was. It worried him immensely. 

        Being picked up was always excruciatingly painful for Mark but he tried to play it off as much as he could. The warm water soaked his frail body and warmed his insides. He closed his eyes and felt his tension release. 

        "So what's the deal, here?" Brad asked. "You want us to wash you sensually or what?"

        "Such a jackass, I swear. Actually, I'm fine just soaking for a while. I don't want to front load all your excitement for this trip. We'll save some stuff for later on."

        The three boys stayed crowded in the tiny bathroom the whole time Mark was enjoying his soak, making cracks at each other's expenses and laughing profusely. For those twenty-or-so minutes, locked in the steamy bathroom together, they had forgotten what this trip was really all about and allowed themselves to be consumed in the moment. 

        When bath time was over, they removed Mark from the tub and slowly got him into some clean pajamas and back into bed. Brad put a new Fen patch on Mark's inner right forearm while Daniel brought his bottle of water to him and gave him another sip. Jake flipped on the television and began looking for something to watch on one of the motel's limited channels. Brad and Daniel agreed to go for a walk and pick up food.

        When they stepped outside, they realized that they were under-dressed. The temperature had dipped to ridiculous lows. They went back inside the motel and got the keys for the van so they could retrieve their sweatshirts, then began their walk.

        When they hit the corner, Daniel finally spoke up. "I didn't realize he was so light."

        "What?"

        "Mark, bro. He weighed practically nothing."

        "I know, dude."

        Brad began to step into the street but Daniel reached out and stopped him. "I'm serious, bro. I am scared shitless. I mean, I kinda knew what was going to happen on this trip but I don't think it fully sunk in until tonight. He's not getting better."

        "I know he's not. That's the whole point, remember?"

        "I know, I know." Daniel's face had grown sullen and pale. "I just. I mean, dude, four of us are taking this trip but only three of us are going to be returning. I don't think I can-"

        "YOU don't think you can what, Daniel?"

        "I don't know if I can do this. It's only going to get worse, I can't be around when he gets-"

        Anger rose up and flushed Brad's face bright red. "Oh fuck you, Daniel! YOU don't think you can handle this? Really?! You have to fucking make this about YOU again?"

        "Bro, that's not-"

        "Shut the fuck up, man! I know you're scared, fuck dude, we all are. I'm scared shitless! I'm so afraid one of us is going to fuck up and that's going to be the end of him. We didn't fucking think this through. Our intentions were good but they were selfish. I feel like shit about it, I'm sure we all do. But we can't go back now. We go back now all of us get arrested and Mark dies alone in the fucking hospital. That's just how it is."

        "It's just too painful to sit back and watch him get-"

        "Look dude, here's the deal. We all fucked up. I realize that and even if I'm not okay with it, I have to deal with it. I know it's going to be hard to watch him suffer and eventually go, but I'm going to have to put my big-boy pants on and take the responsibility of making sure he goes peacefully. So are you! So fuck you for making this about you! You've always been so goddamn selfish! Never giving a shit about anyone but yourself."

        Daniel reached out and put his hand on Brad's shoulder in an attempt to calm him. Brad forcefully swatted it off. "Get your fucking hands off me, man. Why don't you grow up a bit and realize that the world doesn't revolve around one Daniel Molina!" Brad turned to resume walking.

        "I'm not selfish, man!"

        Brad stopped mid-step and turned to face his friend again. "You're not selfish?!"
        
        "No. I'm not."

        "Where's your fucking daughter, Daniel? In fact, what's your daughter's name?!"

        Daniel stood there, stone-faced and stunned. He wasn't sure if he wanted to cry or attack his friend. He just stood.

        "Yeah. That's what I thought, Daniel. Everything is about you. YOU left your girlfriend during the most difficult time of her life because, what, she hurt your feelings? You couldn't deal with some mood swings? Well, guess what, man, if you every plan on being with another woman again, you better get used to them, because that is what women do. Every one of them. And then, even worse, you left a child, a total innocent little baby to live her life fatherless because, once again, it's all about you. And you have the sack to stand there and tell me you're not selfish. Fuck you."

        "Fuck this, man. I'm going back to the room."

        "Adios." Brad began crossing the street and Daniel walked in the opposite direction. Fifty paces later he stopped in his tracks, took a deep breath, turned and ran back towards Brad.

        "Wait up."

        Brad stopped and waited for Daniel to approach. They walked in silence together until finding a restaurant. 

        They returned to the room with bags full of Styrofoam containers. "Oh shit," Jake said. "Styrofoam equals healthy! What'd ya get?"

        "Burgers. Fries. The usual shit you order at a disgusting small-town diner," Daniel said. "Marcus, we got you a grilled cheese and some fries. Not the healthiest but it would make me the happiest cat in the litterbox if you tried to take down a few bites." He nodded.

        "Stopped at the gas station, too. Got some more water, the world's most expensive six-pack of Newcastle and some Rockstars, Monsters and Red Bulls for the morning."

        "Oh great," Jake said, "toss me a Newky."

        The boys sat on the two queen-size beds, eating their burgers, Mark nibbling on his grilled cheese,  and watching some ridiculously bad movie on Lifetime. They had done nothing today but were still exhausted. 

        Mark eventually drifted off to sleep and Brad, Jake and Daniel agreed to be up and ready to go by the time he woke up. Tomorrow was going to be a big day and they needed to plan for enough time to take it slowly. 

        When the killer in the terrible movie was finally caught, the boys decided to call it a night, each retiring to their respected bed.

        In the morning, before Mark had even awoken, the three of them got up and get ready for the day. They showered (Jake taking the longest due to all the dried, crusted blood on his body) dressed and got all packed up. They would need to move all the luggage to the top of the car, like true tourists, if they were to make a bed in the back for Mark. That would have to wait until later in the day, when they could buy some rope to secure everything. 

        When Mark finally awoke, Jake and Brad lifted him and set him on the toilet. He barely had a trickle. Soon after, they were ready to go, back on the freeway headed north towards Keystone.

        Every day I wake up, I hope I'm dreaming, I can't believe this shit, Can't believe you ain't here. Sometimes it's just hard for a nigga to wake up...

        "I'm sorry," Mark said, "but are we listening to Puff Daddy; I'll Be Missing You?"

        "We sure are, buddy!" Brad said, enthusiastically. 

        "Brad made us a killer mix of shit from high school and college," Jake said, sharing Brad's enthusiasm. "It's been great."

        "Sounds like it. I can't believe Puff Daddy or Puffy or Pee-Hole, or whatever the hell his name is now, is famous. He's terrible."

        "Oh man," Jake said, "he couldn't be any worse than Biggie! That fat fuck rapped like he was eating a sandwich and tripping over his bottom lip."

        The interior of the van was flooded with laughter.

        "Oh man," Daniel finally said, choking out his giggles, "at least Biggie rapped. All Puffy does is talk or say Uh Huh."

        "Shit dude," Brad said, "How badass would it have been if Puff Daddy and Timbaland teamed up for a song? They could have called it Uh Huh. Yeah. Say What?"

        Everyone laughed.

        "I smell a number one hit!" Mark said. "They could have just used the Magnum P.I. theme song or the A-Team one or something and just said that shit over and over and sold millions!" 

        Right around the time Sunny was coming home, via the stereo speakers, the GPS informed them they were close.

        "You think the people who do these GPS voices are like, all fat and ugly and shit?" Jake asked. The question was well received with laughter.

        When Mark stopped coughing, he answered, "Probably. Just like radio DJs. If they were decent looking, they wouldn't be on the radio."

        "Still, I'd like to see what she looks like. Ya never know, maybe she's some sexy little thing who came over from London and is trying to make it as an actress and just waiting for her big break. She could be desperate for work, ya know, and do anything for this gig."

        Brad turned around in his seat to face them. "Dude, you are over-thinking this way too much. Now shut up about it or I'm going to change the voice to the dude. Enjoy the scenery."

        The Soccer Van wove through the beautiful Black Hills and the four boys' faces stared out the windows in awe. None of them had been this close to mountains before. Something so simple that is taken for granted by so many people filled the van with wonder and amazement. They passed another billboard for Wall Drug. 

        When they finally arrived at Mount Rushmore, it was absolutely nothing as they imagined. All four of them assumed it was something you could drive by, stop, if you wanted, and take a gander. That was not it at all. On top of having to pay to park, the landmark was not visible from anywhere, as far as they could tell. They bit the bullet and paid the eight bucks and parked in a handicap spot up front, to which there seemed to be plenty. They didn't have the official handicap placard, but they risked it anyway in the hopes that nobody would notice. 

        They loaded Mark into the wheelchair and pushed him up the handicap accessible ramp next to the massive entrance into the park. Once the passed through the colossal concrete arch they entered the mandatory gift shop, selling such high-caliber items as plastic Rushmore paperweights, horribly tacky t-shirts and much other worthless shit old people need to remember things by. 

        They exited the shop empty handed and made their way out back, the sun already making their eyelids recoil in terror. "I never understood how the sun could be shining and it could still be this goddamn cold," Daniel said.

        "How ya feel, Mark?" Brad asked.

        "I'm okay, fen patch is working and I've got my blanket here," he said as he tucked his arms tightly into it. The four of them marched on amongst a sea of pastel-clad tourists clutching their cameras, sharing boring stories or bickering at each other, until the majestic dynamite-carved monument imposed over them, enveloping each of them in a sense of awe they hadn't felt in quite some time. They remained perfectly still staring up at the grandiose sight. In one day they went from having never seen a mountain to standing in front of one of the country's largest landmarks. The only thing close to a landmark in Nebraska is Carhenge; a grotesquely tacky replica of the world famous Stonehenge made of broken down cars.

        People stood all around them, snapping photographs and taking home videos. The boys had cameras on their phones, but none of them felt the need to use them. They wouldn't need photographic reminders of this trip. 

        "Okay," Jake finally said, breaking the group's silence, "so you've got Washington and Lincoln. Anyone know the other two?"

        "Yeah. Two honkies," Brad answered with laughter. 

        An old man in a bright, baby-blue polo shirt, tan pants, sneakers and a camera hanging from his neck turned to the boys and said, "Good lord, that is Thomas Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt! How about you kids take a little stop at the bookstore on your way out and learn a thing or two?"

        "Hey, Gramps," Mark said, looking up at him from his wheelchair, "proving how evil the gods of fate are, I am going to be dying before you, and I know the rule is to respect one's elders, but seeing as, judging strictly by time left on earth, I am your elder, you can listen to me for a change and piss off." The boys started laughing uncontrollably as the grumpy old man mumbled something and stormed off.

        Around them, hundreds of brightly-clothed tourists breathed in the chilly day's air, guts hanging over their belts, cameras pressed against their faces, capturing the moment for remembrance once they return to their dull lives.

        "Look at all these fat assholes," Daniel said, his eyes wandering from one overweight tourist to the next.

        "And what is with all the cameras?" Mark asked. "God, they're too busy looking through their lenses that they're not even bothering to look with their eyes."

        "That's the way it always is," Brad said.

        "I know," Mark said, "and it's sad. All these people relying on a cheap piece of plastic to capture their memories when they should be sitting back and enjoying everything with their senses. No camera will ever capture the beauty of things more vividly than your brain. A camera can't capture the smell of the mountains or the cool breeze on your face. It's a shame. I wish more people would slow down and pay attention. I wish I could slow down and pay more attention."

        "Nobody pays attention to shit, these days." Brad said. "Everyone is too goddamn busy with their stupid cellphones that they're convinced they need at all times."

        "I know," Jake said, "Some dumb broad almost crashed into me the other day on the way to work because she was looking straight down at her phone texting. She never even saw me. I swear to God, cellphones are going to be the death of us all."

        "You're right," Brad said. "Look around, everyone is hunched over staring at those goddamn things. They all look like Mr. Burns with the big hunchback." He began laughing at his own thought, "You know that picture of evolution that starts with the little monkey then goes to the ape, then goes to like a caveman and then a normal human? The next guy is going to be some asshole staring down at his phone, then back to caveman, then an ape, then a monkey again."

	Through laughter, Jake added, "Then God will be like, 'Meh, maybe the dinosaurs weren't as stupid as I thought. Maybe I'll give them another crack at it.''

        The gang all continued to laugh, until, eventually the chuckling died down into silence. 
        
        They stood there quietly and just watched the unmoving monument. Taking it all in. "Hey, Danny," Mark said, "you still have your pocketknife?"

        "Always, man. What's up?"

        "Let's carve our names into the railing back there. Let 'em know where we here."

        They smiled. "Right on," Daniel said, fishing his knife from his pocket and handing it off to Mark. They slowly began walking backwards towards the railing then took turns, nonchalantly, carving their names, Jake adding the phrase Were Here after all the names had become a permanent fixture.

        They stayed for a while longer then eventually decided it was time to go. They exited through the gift shop, of course, and Mark had another idea. "Let's all buy cheesy t-shirts. Every stop we make let's buy a shirt and wear them at the next stop."

        "Wow bro," Daniel said, "that sounds like a terrible idea. Let's do it." The four of them picked out matching shirts, white with the monument blazon across the chest and the words MT. RUSHMORE SOUTH DAKOTA displayed in bold letters below. They were shirts that should have been ridiculously cheap but ended up costing the boys more than a hundred dollars for the quartet.

        They made their way back to the parking lot, got Mark loaded in and comfortable, then left. The day was still young. "Where to now?" Daniel asked.

        "I don't know," Mark said. "That was pretty impressive. It really makes ya think. Like, what the hell am I going to leave behind when I'm gone? Ya know what; let's stick to things that don't make me feel so insignificant."

        "Ohhhh shit," Brad said, his face buried in a state map he picked up from the motel. "Have I got just the place for you!"

        "Where?"

        "Oh, it’s a surprise."

        Daniel pulled over as Brad leaned in and pointed to a location on the map. It was close, less than forty miles away and easy to reach. "Right on."

        In the backseat, Jake felt left out. The van pulled back out into the road and began traveling east, past yet another Wall Drug billboard. This one advertising Free Ice Water. An hour later they were passing under a sign made of fake dinosaur bones that read WELCOME TO BEDROCK. Have a Yabba Dabba Doo Time!

        "Shut. Up." Jake said, his eyes locked on the sign the whole time, following it up and over the car through the moon roof and behind them as they entered.

        "Oh, it gets better, dude. There is a theme park." Brad began to sing a song he, somehow, remembered from the cartoon.

        "There's a town I know where the hipsters go called Bedrock. Twist Twist!"

        "I think it's actually Twitch, not Twist," Jake said.

        "Who cares? Let's find a place to stay first," Daniel said, ignoring Brad and his terrible vocal abilities and the debate about the stupid lyrics. The town was pretty baron, resembling just about any other small town one would expect to find in the middle of South Dakota. They located the so-called theme park on the right hand side of the street and decided to pull in to the Bedrock Inn across the street. "Oh, I think we pretty much HAVE to stay here."

        Brad hopped out, saying he'd handle it, and ran inside to reserve the rooms. As luck would have it, there was vacancy. They got the same set-up as before. Once inside the rooms, the boys were slightly chagrined to discover they looked just like any other crappy motel room in any other crappy town.

        Getting Mark from the van and into bed proved to be much easier this time than the previous. Brad had been keeping close tabs on exactly when Mark should take more medicine. In fact, he could take some ibuprofen soon, then get some rest.

        "We're going to get some rope and tie all the luggage to the top of the van so you can have all the room in the back, okay dude?" Brad smiled a cheesy grin.

        "Just when I thought our ride couldn't look any worse," Mark said in a soft tone, obviously exhausted from the morning's minor activities. 

        "Get some rest, dude. Whenever you're feeling up to it, we can walk over to the theme park. I have a feeling if anything would make you feel less inadequate it would be this shitbarn of a town. If you're hungry, maybe we can score some Pterodactyl eggs or a Brontosaurus burger...or maybe some ribs that will destroy our van."

        He gave a slight smile and mumbled his thanks before drifting off.

        "Welp," Jake said, "I've got to take a leak. Excuse me, boys."
        
        "Thanks for the heads up, man."

        "Hey, it's what I do."

        While Jake retreated into the bathroom, Brad and Daniel shared an awkward silence for a while. Daniel finally broke it by flipping the TV on. From inside the bathroom they heard Jake yell, "God damn it!" He emerged a few seconds later, his tan colored pretty-boy Abercrombie pants had a dark streak of moisture running down the entire left leg. "You'd think with my thirty-plus years of pissing experience I could at least take a successful leak! Look at me, I pissed all over myself."

        All three of them chuckled loudly, the laughter chasing away all traces of the awkwardness that came before it.

        "What'd you do, dude?" Brad asked. "The early tuck?"

        "Yeah, ugh! The stupid early tuck!"

        "That's dangerous, dude. You have to make sure it's all out before you return it to its holster."

        Daniel, still laughing, said, "It's cool. It's not like you're first person to do that."

        "You're not even the first person in the room to do that. I actually do that all the time at work when I'm wearing that stupid apron and have to push it aside and I never even loosen my belt, so sometimes some gets trapped and when I tuck it back in I end up having to work the rest of the day with soiled underpants." The laughter continued. "Just don't sit on my bed, please."

        "Hardy har har. Give me the keys; I need to get my bag so I can change." Brad picked them up and tossed them to him. 

        "Hope there aren't any pretty girls out by the car to see your piss leg."

        "I hate you."

        "You looooooove me."

        Mark coughed and stirred in his bed. The boys got silent. Daniel gave a nervous grin and put his index finger to his lips, the international sign of Shh.

        They left the adjoining door open and went into the other room to watch TV. Mark awoke two hours later, saying he felt well enough to make the trek across the street. It was late afternoon. They would have time. Daniel and Jake helped him up and did his toilet routine, while Brad fixed his friend a cup of ice water. When everyone was ready, they journeyed across the street. 

        The theme-park was even less than they thought it would be. There were no rides, no mobs of people, no lines. After entering through a rather large gift shop that had pretty much every conceivable Flintstone related item for sale, you make your way out back to a semi-charming recreation of the fictional town of Bedrock, complete with dinosaur slides, a BBQ and the houses of the Flintstones and Rubbles. It was pretty obvious to whom this theme park was aimed, but the boys still enjoyed a nice dose of nostalgia.

        Jake pushed Mark around the grounds as Daniel and Brad followed closely behind, taking in their absurd surroundings. A quick lap around the park was enough to satisfy them. They exited through the gift shop, picking up matching Bedrock shirts then headed back out front. 

        "Who's hungry?" Jake asked.

        Brad and Daniel raised their hands. Mark gave a shoulder shrug, meh.

        "How about some Pterodactyl wings or a Brontosaurus burger?" Jake asked.

        "So lame. Besides, I already made that joke. Let's just order pizza to the motel."

        "Even better."

        The four of them returned to their rooms after stopping by a vending machine to pick up some more drinks for the evening. They were still plenty stocked on Mark's water, but would need to get him more ice as soon as possible. They ordered pizza from a place that ended up being less than a hundred yards from the motel, Jake insisting on having his own pizza topped with jalapenos with a side of hot sauce for crust-dipping. Brad gladly obliged, since spicy pizza didn't sound at all appetizing. Jake ended up eating his entire large pizza, while Brad, Daniel and Mark struggled to finish two mediums. Much to their pleasure, Mark had managed to take down nearly two full slices. 

        Brad set the medicine out on the table. Seeing as the fen patch seemed to be working and Mark still remained his normal self, he thought a high dosage of ibuprofen would get them through the night. Jake started the bathwater, getting it ready for Mark. Once he swallowed the medicine the three of them helped him up again, stripping him down and letting him soak in the bathtub. Jake wet a washcloth and held Mark's arms up one at a time to wash his pits. Jake told him he was on his own with the rest of his body. The comment earned another round of collective giggles.

        After the bath, they toweled him off and got him into some clean clothes and back in to bed. On the television, The Fugitive played. Mark was excited to watch it. They all took a seat in the room.

        Mark made it through the entire movie without dosing off. He was happy about that. He began to think that could be the last movie he ever watches. His happiness turned to a bitter sadness that he tried to push aside. He had made peace with dying a while ago, but silly, seemingly trivial things such as that still managed to drag him down. His self-pity was interrupted when Daniel abruptly stood up and said, "Welp, as much fun as it has been being cooped up with three dudes for God knows how many straight hours, I am going to go hop in the shower and answer the bone-a-phone!"

        Mark coughed a laugh and the other two boys seemed in shock from the sudden, drastic turn the night had taken.

        "Woah, dude," Jake said, fighting back laughter, "that's a little more information that we need."

        "Well, I feel it is vital information and I suggest you all go take a shower and do the ol' knuckle shuffle before our tempers flare up so bad we start arguing about the most ridiculous shit you can think of. Trust me, you'll thank me later. Now, if you'll excuse me, gentlemen, I'm off to badger the witness."

        "Impregnate that drain, buddy!" Mark coughed. After the laughter halted and Daniel was in the shower, the three boys remained quiet for a few moments, enjoying the silence. It was, however, interrupted by a massive, moist tearing sound that echoed through-out the room. The hearty laughter resumed.

        "Oh shit, sorry guys," Jake said.

        "Jesus Christ, man, you better go check your drawers. That one didn't sound like it came alone."

        "God," Mark said, "I'm already on borrowed time, I don't need to die from a toxic gassing."

        "Oh man, it stinks!"

        "Oh shit guys, it really does. My apologies. Fucking jalapenos!" Passing gas was always a fairly regular occurrence between the tightly knit group of friends. It was never anything to be embarrassed about, in fact, it was always guaranteed to score a cheap laugh. This time, though, Jake was pretty sure he had made a deposit in his underpants. He shifted nervously in his seat, confirming his suspicions. He tried to play it off like everything was okay, but he needed to remedy his problem without his friends finding out. He was already the butt of the joke for his earlier arrival at the van, butt naked and bleeding, and all events prior, including the mention of a certain big-boned water polo player. In fact, the more he thought of it, he was always the butt of the joke. He couldn't deal with having to hear a bunch of Poop Your Pants jokes.

        He weighed his options. If he stood up too quickly it would draw suspicion to the problem, but if he waited too long, the scent threatened to give him away. And really, how long could he sit in his own feces. He wasn't a baby in diapers, this was quite gross. Those Depends would have come in quite handy right about now, he thought.

        Please don't be bad, please don't be bad, he chanted to himself. The bathroom in the other room was being occupied, he would need to use the one directly behind him. Just great.

        "I'm going to go wash my face and stuff, get ready for bed." He stood up and made his way, walking backwards, to the bathroom. He locked the door behind him and pulled down his pants and underwear. It was worse than he thought. There was no saving this situation. He turned the water on to play along with his story. He removed his shitty underpants and balled them up. He looked around the bathroom; there was nowhere to hide them. He was stuck. He sat on the toilet and cleaned up his mess and put his pants back on, sans underwear. He held his soiled drawers tightly in his hand, doing his best to conceal them and walked out into the main room, saying he needed to grab his pajamas. 

        He knelt down beside the bed where his suitcase was, opened it up and pretended to dig around inside. With his right hand, he felt along under the bed. He lucked out. There was a thin, felt-like lining along the bottom of the bed frame. He used his fingernail to scratch a small hole in it, then tore it open. He took his shitty balled-up shorts and put them in the hole and threw them towards the foot of bed, where they rested nicely, under the bed and completely out of sight, probably never to be found. He was in the clear. He grabbed a fresh pair of underwear and his pajama pants and stood up. His stomach gurgled loudly.

        "Dude, was that your stomach?"

        "Yeah, I guess. Maybe I'm still hungry."

        "Ha! Order another pizza, homes."

        "Nah, I'm okay. Imma go get changed." He walked back in to the bathroom and put on his fresh clothes. While washing his face, for real this time, his bowels launched a top-secret, surprise attack once more. He didn't even have time to clench his cheeks together before they unloaded another round into his pants. "Fuck me! Why?! Why now?" he whispered softly to himself. He was going to be in the car for a very long time tomorrow, he could NOT get the squirts. He pulled his pants back off and repeated the exact same routine, adding another pair of shitty pants to the underside of the bed frame, this time using the excuse that he needed to his toothbrush. No one seemed to catch on.

        As the night drew to a close and everyone around him was asleep, Jake lay in bed, stomach gurgling, trying desperately to keep everything inside him. Throughout the night, Brad kept waking up. An overwhelming stench from under his bed would not allow his body to rest comfortably. He got up a total of three times that night; twice to check under the bed for something dead, coming up empty both times, and once to check Mark's pants to make sure there wasn't a mess. He could not, for the life of him, figure out what the stink was. It hadn't been there earlier in the day, at least not that he had noticed. He resorted to pulling the covers over his head and trying his best to keep the putrid odor away from him.
        
        

***


        Once again, Brad awoke to the painful murmurs of Mark thrashing in his bed. He had been prepared this time. He hopped up out of bed and went straight to the medicine where he pulled the dropper from the bottle of morphine and squirted a low-dosage under Mark's tongue. He had known ahead of time when the fen patch would cease being helpful and set everything out. The morphine was not as strong as the patch, at least that is what is seemed like, but it would help Mark sleep and rest much easier. They had a long drive ahead of them and wanted him to be as comfortable as possible. 

        He held a glass of water with a straw to Mark's lips and was relieved to see him take large sips and keep it down. 

        "Thank you," Mark told him, his voice sounding the weakest Brad had ever heard it.

        "You're welcome. I just gave you some morphine, it will help you rest. Close your eyes, man, we've got a long drive ahead of us when you wake up. Okay?"

        "Have you seen my parents?"

        Oh fuck, Brad thought. Not this again. He couldn't be sure if Mark was still half asleep and stuck in his dream or if his memory was going. Or hallucinating. He didn't know what he should say. "Yeah, of course I've seen them. Wonderful folks. Go to sleep, buddy."

        "Alright." He closed his eyes and drifted away. 

        Brad peeked through the blinds and saw that it was dawn. He walked to the bed stand where his phone was plugged into the wall outlet and checked the time. It was past 8am. He glanced around the room, trying to find something; the source of the horrid odor clouding up the motel room. It literally smelled like someone rubbed poop on the walls. It was intense and made his eyes water and his face cringe. He couldn't wait to Yabba-dabba-doo the fuck out of Bedrock. 

        He walked into the other room and woke Daniel up. "Dude, wake up."

        Daniel, still mostly asleep, mumbled something.

        "I just gave Mark some morphine, so don't give him anymore. I'm going to take the van and find someplace that sells rope or bungee cords, or something, so we can tie our bags to the top of the car."

        Jake rolled over and asked, "Where you going?"

        "I'm going to get rope. I need to get out of that room anyway. It smells like the paint is made from horse shit and afterbirth."

        Jake smiled and tried to conceal his giggle.

        Daniel rubbed his eyes and sat up. "I'll go with you. Let me put on some pants."

        "Alright, cool. Jake, stay with Mark. I just gave him morphine; please do not give him anymore. His fen patch wore off."

        "Alright, man. I'm on it."

        Daniel stood up and changed out of his sweatpants, pulling on jeans and a sweatshirt, then followed Brad into the other room. "Holy Jesus crap, what stinks?!"

        "Dude, I have no idea. I think something died in the walls or something. I have no idea. It kept me up all night."

        "I kept smelling stuff in my room but I just figured it was Jake farting. It wasn't this pungent, though. This is unbearable."

        "Yeah, dude. If it wasn't for Mark in here I would have been cuddled up with you."

        "Stupid Mark. Ruins everything. Come on, stud, let's go."

        Brad grabbed the keys off the table and they walked out into the freezing dawn. "Where the hell do we find rope?"

        "Wall Drug?"

        "Nice!"

        "Every town has a hardware store or like a Wal-Mart or something. We'll just have to find one. Even though here they're probably called Rock-Mart or some stupid shit like that." The boys laughed, the previous spat between them all but forgotten. A few minutes later they came across a locally-owned hardware store. They picked up plenty of rope and  two packages of bungees just in case. They were in and out in less than five minutes. 

        "Want to stop for some caffeine?"

        "I'd love to. May as well fill up the tank, too."

        Brad pulled into a gas station and they picked up a few Rockstars, a few Monsters and more water, just in-case. 

        "You mind if we hang out here for a second, drink our drinks?" Daniel asked.

        "Yeah sure. What's up?"

        "I've been thinking. About what you said."

        "Oh?"

        "Yeah. And I realize I am pretty selfish. You're right. I don't want this conversation to turn all gay and shit and I know we're not exactly the most touchy-feely group of friends the world has known, but you were right. You've always been right."

        "True, true."

        "Fuck you," Daniel said, smiling. "Look, neither of us are good with this shit, but you're right. I'm a piece of shit and I need to get myself together. What you said, about my daughter not having a father broke my heart. I never gave it much thought before."

        "So what are you going to do?"

        "That's the thing. I really have no clue." He popped the tab on his Rockstar and took a swig. Brad did the same. "There is no way Aubrey is going to let me see her. She probably won't even answer my call."

        "Dude, there is only one way to know that for sure. You have to at least try."

        "I know. But now I'm all scared and shit. Is it even worth it? Honestly...?"

        "Dude, it is so worth it. In fact, it will probably be the smartest decision you have ever or will ever make."

        "Yeah?"

        "You have no idea what it's like to have a child. It's weird the way it works. You never can truly know what it's like until you have one. You could hate children with every fiber of your being, but as soon as she pops out and you lay your eyes on her, from that moment on, nothing else will ever matter as much to you as she does. Jen and I didn't plan on having Carolyn...at least not when we did. We were going to wait a while. I certainly wasn't in any rush to be tied down with the anchor of parenthood, but it just sort of happened. I was none-too-pleased at first, and that kind of grew into being petrified at the thought of being a father. I couldn't sleep at night because of it. I thought of all the ways I could fuck up this poor kid's life.

        "But the weeks turned into months and the baby started growing and while I was still terrified, I began to get pretty excited. At the time I had wanted a boy, ya know, to play baseball with and do all that manly shit, but when the doctor told us it was a girl, I'm not gonna lie, my eyes got  little moisty-moist. For reals. Like, I was going to have a little girl, man. It was surreal. I had no idea what little girls liked. Shit, I still have no idea. But, a girl. For me. I was so fuckin' happy, dude. I never gave the thought of a boy again. I was so happy for my future little girl.

        "And, man, when she was born, and I saw the doctor hold her up as she was crying for the very first time, at that moment, I knew that no matter what I had done before in my life and no matter what I may accomplish later in my life, I would never top her. She's my masterpiece. Perfect in every single way. Even in the hospital room with blood and god-knows-what else covering her from head to toe, she was the most beautiful thing I had ever set eyes on. It seemed as though everything else in my life ceased being important. My life had stopped even being relevant. I felt as though my entire existence, the whole reason I was placed on this planet, was to watch over this little girl being placed into my arms."

        "Yeah, she is pretty stinkin' cute."

        "And seriously, man, it only gets better. Every single day is like Christmas morning. Watching her discover the world is the most rewarding thing I do. Even if it's the smallest of things."

        Daniel nodded, not having the slightest fucking clue what to say. 

        "I'm still terrified. Every single, Goddamn day. Not a minute goes by where she is not on my mind. So many things can go wrong and you become acutely aware of every single one of them. But, like I said, it's the most rewarding thing life has to offer you. No matter how shitty your day is and no matter how down you are feeling, everything melts away when you see how wonderfully she fits right into your arms. You could be mad at the world, but everything will seem so trivial once you feel her little head rest on your shoulder. 

        "Time goes by and you watch them grow, everyday conquering a new task that seems so minor to us but is so epic to them. Like, rolling over, holding a bottle, eating food that's not liquid, crawling, pulling themselves up and eventually walking. Every day is an adventure. Every day you hope for her to stay exactly how she is right then, but secretly not being able to wait and see what she accomplishes next. I imagine what her first word will be every day, but at the same time, I don't even really care, because she is perfect to me, as-is, right now. She gives me a reason to live, a reason to get up every day and go to my shitty dead-end job. No day is impossible to get through when there is the possibility of coming home and seeing her smile at me. It cures everything. She makes me want to be a better person."

        Daniel gave him a small, knowing smile.

        "So, ya know, I guess you asked me if I think it's really worth it. My answer is that there is not a single thing in the world too demanding or too demeaning that you could be forced to  do that would not make it worth it. Find a way."

        They sat there, on the hood of the van, silently for a few minutes. Brad, about to cry from missing his daughter so much and Daniel, stunned by the answer he received that he was not expecting. They sat quietly and finished their drinks.

        "Thanks, bro." Daniel said.

        "Don't mention. Just do something about it."

        "I will. Do you want to know what the last straw was for me? Why I left?"

        "If you want to tell me."

        "Don't laugh. But, she totally hit me. Like, hard. And on several occasions and for no real reason."

        "Really?"

        "Yeah, and I couldn't do shit about it. I just had to stand there. I couldn't hit her back, or shove her and even touch her. I was too scared I'd fuck up the baby. So I left. I said fuck it, grabbed my shit and never looked back."

        "I'm sorry, man."

        "Me too. Come on, let's get back."

    "Alright. If you two do work it out, perhaps counseling should be in your future." They jumped off the hood and got into the van.  "Danny?"

        "Yeah?"

        "Her name is Marisol."

        Daniel turned away and began to cry.

        When they got back to the motel, Mark was still sleeping and Jake was in the other room with the door open watching television.

        "We're back, dude," Brad said.

        "Dude, it stinks soooo bad in your room. That's why I'm in here," Jake said, trying desperately to play it cool.

        "Yeah, tell me about it. At least you didn't have to sleep in there. We got some rope so we can tie our stuff up top. Pack up and we'll get everything ready, that way we can leave as soon as Mark feels up to it. We have to cut through wonderful Wyoming next."

        "Anything cool in Wyoming?" Daniel asked

        "I don't think so. Maybe some ranches or shit. Probably some cowboys."

        "Oh," Jake said, "I think that Devil's thing is there, ya know, the mashed potato thing from that movie with the aliens."

        "Devil's Tower. That's right. And it's called Close Encounters of the Third Kind. Get it right. Jesus."

        Jake shrugged his shoulders, "Soooooo sorry. Anyway, if it's on the way, we should swing by. Might be cool."

        "In all honesty, guys, I'm not sure about Mark. He talked to me this morning and he sounded bad. Like, the worst I've heard him. Maybe we should just say fuck it and get him to Santa Monica as quickly as possible. He's barely eaten, aside from that pizza, he's barely drank anything, the pain meds can only do so much...I don't know."

        "I'm fine with whatever," Daniel said. "I say let Mark make the call. Whatever will make him the happiest and the most comfortable. I don't mind driving through the night, we can switch off. Or, if he would rather keep making stops to catch up on his rest, that's fine with me."

        "Okay," Brad said, "We'll load him up when he's ready then discuss it on the drive. As for now, let's get all our shit packed up and secured to the top of the van. Keep all Mark's stuff out, though. We can keep that in the van, just in case of emergencies."

        "Good thinking. Okay, let's pack 'em up, boys."

        "We should complain about the smell in here," Brad said. "Seriously, it is mortifying. Good thing Mark's senses are kinda out of whack, otherwise that smell would have killed him. Maybe they can send someone in to find the source."

        "Nah," Jake said, quickly. "No point in that. We're leaving soon, anyway, ya know. No point at all. We can just grin and bear, ya know."

        Brad and Daniel gave him a weird look. Why in the world would Jake not want the smell out? Oh well. The boys packed up their things, refilled the ice chest with the motel's ice machine and securely fastened everything to the roof of the van. They went back inside, watched TV, ate pre-packaged donuts and waited for Mark to wake up.

        When he finally awoke, his throat was so dry he couldn't even make a sound. He heard the faint sound of a television in the other room and assumed everyone was in there as to not bother him. On his nightstand he saw his water with a straw. He moved slowly towards it, weakly grabbing the glass and bringing it towards his mouth. After a few sips, he set it back down and coughed. All three boys entered the room when they heard him.

        "Hey buddy, how ya feeling?" Jake asked.

        "I'm tired. Where are we?"

        "We're still in Bedrock but I think as soon as you're ready we're going to drive into Wyoming."

        "I think I need a bath."

        "Okay," Brad said, "we can give you a bath. No problem."

        "I think I may have shit myself. Sorry guys."

        "No, you didn't. That's just the wonderful aroma of the Bedrock Inn. I checked you earlier, you're fine."

        "You looked down my pants?"

        "Damn right. Fuckin' room stinks to high-hell, man."

        "What a friend."

        "What can I say? You up for some traveling?"

        "I don't know. I'm really tired."

        "Bro, you should see what we did with the van," Daniel said. "All the luggage except for yours is on the roof and we stole all the pillows from here and laid the back seat down. You have a nice bed back there, now."

        "You stole all the pillows?"

        "Yeah, fuck this place. We're ready when you are. Just give us the word."

        "Okay, thanks guys. Just let me lay here for a while longer. I don't even have the strength to sit up, right now."

        "Take your time, dude, but don't dilly-dally," Jake said, "we're watching some terrible movie about some stuttering royal prick or something. There is absolutely nothing on."

        "I've seen that. I'll try and hurry. I promise."

        "Thanks."

        "Let us know if you need anything," Brad said. "You want more water or anything?"

        "I'm okay."

        "Okay, we'll just be right in there when ya need us."

        "Seriously though, what is that smell?"

        "We have no idea. It showed up last night and has only gotten more powerful."

        "Well, if anything is going to motivate me to move, it'll be that."

        Everyone laughed. The boys exited the room to go back to their movie while Mark lay in bed. It was the worst he had felt in a long time. Not so much the pain, just the hollow, empty feeling inside him, like all his inner-parts had eroded away and all he was left with was bone and skin. The end was coming. Soon. He could feel it. He didn't want to sit here and waste away in this shitty, foul-smelling motel room. He wanted to see the world. Reach the Pacific Ocean. Or die trying. 

        He called out to the other room. When his friends all came in, he wrenched himself up to a sitting position. "Fuck it. Let's go."

        "Right on," Daniel said, retrieving his pocket knife from the night stand. "We can stop along the way whenever you want. We figured, since it's on the way, we could stop at Devil's Tower. It's two hours or so from here. We can get some dinner there, and depending how you're feeling, hang out for a while or just gas up and hit the road again." He began to dig the blade into the wood of the headboard.

        "Sounds good. Can you guys help me up? I feel like shit."

        "No problem. Do you need to go to the bathroom?"

        "I'll try." Daniel and Brad lifted him up and helped him to the bathroom. Jake opened the bathroom door and lifted the toilet seat. They placed him down slowly upon it. "Pants?"

        "Oh crap. Sorry." 

        Jake lifted him up slightly off the toilet seat as Daniel grabbed at Mark's waistband and pulled his pants down. Once he was returned to the toilet seat, the boys left Mark in peace. Daniel went back to his bed and continued carving. When he finished, he flipped the blade closed and pocketed the knife. The headboard now read; Mark, Daniel, Brad and Jake Were Here...And It Stunk!

        "We'll just be right outside, dude. Let us know when ya need us," Jake said, staying close to the bathroom door after shutting it gently.

        Mark sat there, barely able to keep himself from collapsing from his own weight, trying desperately for anything to come out. He hadn't defecated in well over a week and has only squeezed out a few drops of piss at each bathroom break, and it was always frighteningly dark. His body was shutting down. 

        He continued to sit. To wait. He felt a tickle inside his belly. Suddenly his bowels lets loose with a powerful squirt of what felt like liquid. The smell was horrifying but the cramp in his stomach vanished. It was a nice feeling. He sat and waited for a while longer, but nothing came. Soon, Jake opened the door to check on him. "You okay, homes?"

        "I'm okay. I just..." His voice trailed off and Jake saw the sadness in his eyes.

        "What's wrong," Jake asked as he made his way fully into the bathroom and shut the door behind him.

        "I fucking hate this. I can't even wipe my own ass."

        "You went? Right on, man."

        Mark's eyes began to well up. "The pizza. How is it even possible to die with dignity when you have to have someone wipe your ass for you? What the fuck did I ever do to deserve this?"

        "Stop, man. That's what we're here for. And from as far as I can see, I'm the one who's throwing dignity out the window when I wipe your stanky, brown starfish."

        The joke got a smile from Mark, which was all Jake was hoping to accomplish from it. 

        "Come on, brother, don't feel bad. You want to talk about dignity? Can you keep a secret?"

        "No."

        "Ya know that smell out there? Dude, I shit my pants twice last night. The jalapenos and the hot sauce  on the pizza went to war on my intestines. Yeah, they did not agree with me. And instead of telling everyone, I hid my shitty underpants in the fabric on the underside of Brad's bed. That's what's causing the room to smell so goddamn bad. So, if you want to talk about dignity, how's that?"

        Mark managed to laugh at the absolute absurdity of Jake's story. It made him feel better. The tears went away and a smile was present upon his face. "Okay, you win. That's disgusting. You may now wipe my butthole."

        "Oh boy!" Jake reached for the roll of toilet paper, winding an obscene amount around his right hand. Mark raised his arms and wrapped them around Jake's neck, lifting himself slightly from the toilet. Jake reached behind and got the job done. "Oh lord, it's all wet and smells like rotten death."

        "Don't make me tell everyone about your underpants."

        "Understood."

        Outside the bathroom, Brad was just ending a call with his wife and daughter. He let them know exactly where they were and where they were headed. So far, no one had come to talk to Jeni about their disappearance. Brad doubted that would last much longer. He knew nothing good would be waiting for them when they returned home. He didn't have time to think about that right now, though. He told his family he loved them and missed them and would see them soon. Christmas was fast approaching and he would not miss it. 

        Jake opened the door and asked for help. Daniel stood up and offered his assistance while Brad ended his phone call. They pulled up Mark's pants and Daniel, using the last of the baby-powder they brought along, squirted the last puff down the inside front of Mark's underwear. (The idea of baby-powdering a man's lower region had been Jakes after one long, warm afternoon in high school. He was constantly complaining about his 'junk'  being sticky with sweat and his thighs being so dry they would chafe. The next morning, after showering, he saw his dad's bottle of foot powder sitting on the bathroom sink. He figured, why the hell not, and applied a generous amount on everything from his waist down to the middle of his thighs. That afternoon was the most comfortable in his life. The powder absorbed all the moisture and left him feeling springtime fresh. And, just like with masturbation when everyone assumes they invented it when they first discover it, he passed his great idea on to his friends who quickly took it and none of them have turned back since. On cooler days, he realized, regular baby powder would suffice, but sometimes on those really warm days, he noticed that Gold Bond Medicated powder added an extra level of protection, along with giving a pleasant little tingle on his coin purse.) Soon after, they had all of Mark's stuff packed up and loaded in the car, with Mark lying semi-comfortably in his makeshift bed in the back of the van. They also needed to pick up a few necessities along the way, like much more baby powder. Mark suggested they stop at the infamous Wall Drug for all their supplies. The gang cheerily agreed. Where the hell is Wall Drug, indeed!

        After ninety minutes of driving around lost, Jake had to pee. Badly. "Dude, you guys have to stop. I'm sorry but my eyeballs are floatin'."

        "Dude, we are in the middle of nowhere," Daniel said.

        "Then just pull over. I'll pee on the side of the road."

        "There is no way I'm stopping here. First off all, the road is icy and shit. I'm not going to pull over so some asshole can skid into us and kill us all. Second of all....I don't even know. But you can wait til we get to stupid Wall Drug."

        Brad turned around in his seat, removing the lid from a large soda he had gotten from a drive thru the other day. "Here man, piss into this cup."

        "Dude, there is no way I can piss into that. It'll over-flow."

        "Dude, it's like a sixty-four ounce cup. All four of us pissing into this thing wouldn't even fill it up."

        "Well, you obviously don't know how badly I have to go. I say I'll fill that whole thing up and it'll start to spill over. Then what?"

        "No way. Will never happen."

        "I smell a bet," Daniel said. "I'll take the next off ramp and we'll find a gas station. I bet you fifty dollars you don't even come close to filling that cup up."

        "Fifty bucks?"

        "That's right, bitch. Fifty-bucks."

        "Since that is easy money for Daniel," Brad said, "I'll give you a chance to get some back. I'll bet you another fifty that the three of us can pee into it and not fill it up. How you like them apples?"

        "Dude, you guys are on. I've got so much piss in me right now it is ridiculous. If I hold it in much longer my bladder will explode. You assholes better get your money ready."

        From the back, in a soft, half asleep voice, Mark said, "You'll never do it, dude."

        "I'll prove you all wrong. Just wait!"

        Eight miles later they came to a turn off and stopped at a D&P Gas Station. Brad ran inside to get the key for the bathroom and some triple-size Rockstars while Daniel and Jake made sure Mark was okay. He was in and out of sleep, but said he was fine for now. When Brad got back to the van, Jake told Mark they would be right back. They locked the doors and all three of them made their way to the men's restroom, Jake proudly holding his cup. Once inside, with the doors locked, Jake attempted to pee into their Styrofoam toilet. "Come on, guys, I can't pee with you both standing there watching me. Turn around or something."

        "Fine," Brad said.

        "What a puss," Daniel said. 

     They stood there with their back to Jake for a good thirty seconds before they finally heard the steady stream of urine hitting the inner wall of the cup and slowly pooling at the bottom. When the stream died twice, they waited patiently for the mandatory third shake. When it came, both boys turned around to see Jake, his face flushed with disappointment. 

        "Shit man, it didn't even come close." He looked down into the small pool of broken dreams, shocked. It barely filled up two inches of the cup. He couldn't believe it.

        "Fifty bucks, beyotch!" Daniel said, palm out in the gimme-gimme style. 

      "Hold on, hold on, it's not over yet," Jake pleaded. "I still have a chance. You guys have to go now."

        "Fine," Brad said, taking the cup and filling it up another inch or so before passing it to Daniel. When all was said and done, the cup was barely halfway full.

        "Well, God damn it all," Jake said, once again looking down into the container of pee. 

        "Come on, man. Let's get-to-goin," Brad said.

        "Fine," Jake said as he closed the toilet seat and displayed the cup prominently upon it before turning to walk out. When the door was open, an older man in a Member's Only jacket was waiting outside to get in. He gave the three exiting boys a look of partial disgust and partial bewilderment before finally entering and letting the door close behind him. The boys stood outside for a moment. From inside they heard the man yell, "Ahhh, God damn idiots!" The boys busted up and ran back to the van in hysterics.

        They fired up the ignition and returned to the freeway headed towards the seemingly non-existent town of Wall, South Dakota. An hour and several wrong turns later, they finally spotted a sign: Wall Drug, Straight Ahead 4 Blocks.

        "Thank shit!" Jake exclaimed! "This goddamn place better be amazing for all the time it cost us."

        "Oh boy," Brad said. "A drug store. Just where I want to be on vacation... Maybe after this we could go visit a farm," he said looking at Daniel, then to Jake, "or maybe a shitty steakhouse." They smiled back at him. 

        Up ahead, the massive store came into view. "This is a drug store?" Jake asked.

        The building seemed to take up the entire block. It had a western-themed motif going on, with all wood paneling and a giant sign reading WALL DRUG STORE, SINCE 1931. 

        The parking lot was lined with cars. Daniel had to make two laps around before a spot finally opened up. Jake got Mark loaded into his wheelchair and the four of them sauntered on through the parking lot, past the giant plastic statues of rabbits with antlers and into the store, which, at first glance, appeared to look more like a department store than a simple drug store. The walls were lined with just about every knick-knack and necessity one could hope for. To the right, there was a cafe. To the left, a chapel. 

        "Wow," Daniel said. "This is utterly ridiculous."

        "You're tellin' me," Brad said, "Come on, let's go get some powder and stuff."

        "You guys go ahead," Jake said. "We're going to go get us a free glass of ice water."

        "Have fun."

        Brad and Daniel headed into the mass hysteria which was the retail shop while Jake wheeled Mark hard starboard into the cafe  and up to the bar.

        "Two free ice waters, please," Jake said to the man behind the counter who gruffly took two glasses, shoveled in a few scoops of ice and filled them with tap water. He set them on the counter in front of them and turned to walk off. "Golly thanks."

        In the store, Brad and Daniel's luck wasn't much better. They searched endlessly through the walls of shit, never once discovering anything even resembling the things they needed. The wall to wall people were making them feel claustrophobic and the sheer heat from all the bodies pressed together was enough to nearly send them into panic attacks. 

        "Fuck it, man. Let's just go," Daniel said.

        "Hold on," Brad said, as they reached a rack of official Wall Drug T-Shirts. "We have to buy these... For Mark."

        "Fine. Grab them and let's get the hell out of this shithole."

        Brad grabbed four shirts off the rack and folded them over his left arm. He stood on his tip-toes to try and gain his bearings. He could see no cash registers in sight. They had been swallowed whole by Wall Drug.

        Fifty-minutes later, Jake and Mark located them, Brad still with the t-shirts flung over his arm, Daniel in a state of complete unease and panic.

        "Holy shit!" Daniel said, running his fingers through his hair and giving his scalp a frustrated scratch. "We can't get out of here! We've been walking in circles! We finally found some powder, and these t-shirts, but we can't find the exit. Or a goddamn cash register!" Brad concurred by giving them an open-palmed shoulder shrug.

        Jake, still clutching the wheelchair, stood on his tip toes and took a peek around. He was right. Among all the people, no exit was in sight. They began wandering aimless, looking for any way out; a fire escape, and emergency exit, anything!

        A full twenty minutes passed before Brad spotted a rear entrance. Their faces lit up. "Fuck it, just go!" 

        "Hold on," Daniel said, reaching for his pocket knife. "Cover me," and he began digging the blade into the dead-center of the door. When he was finished, he returned the knife to his pocket and took one last look around. "Okay go!" He pushed the door open violently, letting in the afternoon's sunlight, and began to run. Brad followed, Daniel still holding the baby powder, Brad with the t-shirts. Jake reached the door, thought twice, and then stopped. He shot a quick glance back and forth, grabbed two Wall Drug hats, a shot glass and a Wall Drug beer cozy from a shelving section nearest the door and bolted out through the exit with Mark. When the door closed, carved into the wood, it read: Mark, Daniel, Brad and Jake Were Here...And Got Lost!

        Once in the alley, they realized they had gone completely unnoticed. "Let's not press our luck!" Daniel said, and began to take off at a steady pace. When they finally reached the front of the store, and the parking lot, they all let out a collective sigh. Ten more minutes were spent locating their van in the sea of tourist vehicles. Once found, they strapped themselves in and exited the parking lot, Jake's middle finger waving from the backseat window. Laughter filled the air. They felt like children again.

        I know it's up for me, If you steal my sunshine, Making sure I'm not in too deep, If you steal my sunshine.

        They eventually returned to the freeway and drove off, crossing the border as the sun descended before them setting the Wyoming skyline ablaze with an intense prism of complex hues and radiant iridescence. Colors that none of them had ever seen before. It was a wondrous and majestic sight. Daniel pulled the van over, despite his earlier objections and told Jake to wake Mark. All four friends sat there in silence as the sun lowered itself out of sight, the bursting kaleidoscope of colors constantly changing as every minute ticked by, until all that was left was a soft, yellowish glow just above the horizon. Then darkness.

       Daniel put the van back into drive and continued down the I90W, eventually merging on to the I-80W towards Rock Springs. In the far off distance, a sharp bolt of lightning cut through the black canvas of night. 

	While Mark was sleeping in the back, they drove through the night, completely passing Devil's Tower and finding a motel more than four-hundred miles away in a small town called Green River. It was a long haul but the three of them managed to stay awake, thanks in part to Brad's iPod mix and idle chitchat. One thing they did notice, however, was an abundance of fireworks stands along the way. Apparently, they were legal in Wyoming. That was part of the reason they didn't continue on into Utah. 

        They checked into their motel, only being able to get one room this time, and pulled their baggage from the top of the van, unloading everything all while Mark continued to sleep. Once everything was ready inside, they went to wake him up. 

        Getting him inside was the easiest it had ever been. He barely stirred. Daniel lifted Mark's frail body from the van and into his bed with hardly a peep. Once he was comfortably in bed, the rest of the boys grabbed pillows and crashed out on the floor. Everyone was exhausted. 

On the road again -
Just can't wait to get on the road again.
The life I love is making music with my friends

And I can't wait to get on the road again.
On the road again

Goin' places that I've never been.
Seein' things that I may never see again

And I can't wait to get on the road again.
On the road again -
Like a band of gypsies we go down the highway
We're the best of friends.
Insisting that the world keep turning our way

And our way
is on the road again.
Just can't wait to get on the road again.
The life I love is makin' music with my friends

And I can't wait to get on the road again.
On the road again

Like a band of gypsies we go down the highway
We're the best of friends

Insisting that the world keep turning our way

And our way
is on the road again.
Just can't wait to get on the road again.
The life I love is makin' music with my friends

And I can't wait to get on the road again.
And I can't wait to get on the road again
               Mark awoke a little after one-pm in agonizing pain. It felt as though he were caught on fire and slowly burning alive. He arched his back in a futile attempt to cool himself down, coughing a horrid, wet cough in the process. The three boys bounded up to their feet and by Mark's side. Brad removed the dropper from the morphine bottle, filling it almost all-the-way, then squeezed it out onto Mark's tongue. Jake and Daniel each held one of his hands, and they both noticed how ice cold his skin was. Never a good sign from someone who was sweating so profusely.

        With the morphine starting to do its job, Brad filled up a paper cup with some water and forced Mark to take a sip. The sweat continued to drop off his face. Jake let go of his hand and went into the bathroom to retrieve a washcloth. He dampened it and placed it on Mark's forehead. It seemed to calm him a bit. 

        He lowered his back down onto the bed, and his grasp on Daniel's hand went limp. His eyes closed and he fell back asleep.

        "Fuck me!" Jake said, out of breath from all the excitement.

        "God damn it," Brad yelled, "I said I wasn't going to let that happen again and I totally fucked up!"

        "It's not your fault, bro," Daniel said, "this shit just happens. He's fine. We got him back to sleep in just a few minutes. We did good. We did good, man."

        "Fine. What time is it?"

        Jake checked his phone. "It's one-twelve in the PM."

        "Shit," Brad said, rubbing his burning eyes, then pinching the bridge of his nose. "I'm hungry. Anyone want to take a walk with me?"

        "Yeah, I'll go," Jake said. "Are you cool staying here, Danielson?"

        "Yeah, no problem. Just bring me back food. I'm starved."

        "You got it. I want to check out those fireworks, too. I saw a stand a few blocks away off the freeway when we pulled in."

        "Alright," Brad said, "we'll have to drive then. No biggie."

        "Cool."

        Daniel grabbed the keys off the dresser and tossed them to Brad. 

        "Let's go." They walked out into the cold Wyoming air, each taking a deep breath.  Before the door closed, they heard Daniel yell, "Don't forget food!"

        "Dude?" Jake said.

        "Yeah?"

        "You think Bono ever found what he was looking for?"

        Brad laughed, slightly confused. "What the hell are you talking about?"

        "I dunno. Just thinking."

        "That's deep, man."

        "Ha. Yeah. I don't know. I think that song was on somewhere recently. Who knows."

        "It certainly wasn't on MY playlist," Brad said, smiling. He cleared this throat. "Well, if Bono was looking for a good record that he's recorded in the past twenty years, then no, I don't believe he's found what he's looking for."

        "That's what I thought. Sorry for the randomness. It just popped in my head."

        "Never be sorry for that shit. I love that about you."

        "Gay."

        "Says the man stepping into a minivan."

        They drove to the fireworks stand first. It was open and uncrowded. Apparently the overwhelming urge to buy fireworks was more prominent among people passing through. No bother, though. Jake and Brad's faces lit up like children's on Christmas morning. The place was a small little joint, not unlike a farmer's market. It, of course, was in plain view from the freeway as a rather brilliant way to lure travelers into stopping in their small town. It worked often, according to the man running the place. Two-hundred and eighty dollars later, they returned to the van, each carrying a near-overflowing plastic bag filled with little bits of destruction. 

        They got back in the van and drove off in search of a hardware store. They needed a tarp to cover their luggage as the weather app on their phone predicted rain and snow. They drove around aimlessly throughout the town and finally found a drugstore. They figured they might have what they need. They parked the van and went in. 

        This drugstore had exactly what they needed. Jake picked up a tarp then they headed for the baby aisle, grabbing some more powder, just in case. They headed towards the register. On the way up front, Brad said, "We should get our t-shirts from here. This will probably be our only stop in Wyoming and they have a little touristy section over there." He nodded towards the front corner of the store where they had several t-shirts, postcards and other novelties.

        "Dude, you know what we should get instead of t-shirts?"

        "What?"

        Jake nodded in the opposite direction of the tourist corner to a rack filled with cowboy hats. "That'll be way cooler than stupid t-shirts." Both of them giggled as they walked to the rack, picking out four, equally hideous, cowboy hats then finally making their way to the register. They told the cashier they didn't need a bag then headed out to the van, both of them wearing their ridiculous hats. 

        "Dude, check it out," Jake said, pointing to the store directly next to the drug store. "Boot Barn. Shit, homes, let's get some boots and really complete the ensem."

        "I'm sorry, did you just say ensem...?"

        "Yeah, sorry. But how badass would that be?"

        "You do have a point. Alright, let's throw this shit in the van and get us some boots!"

        One bit of worthless knowledge the boys knew about each other after a lifetime of friendship, of course, was each other's shoe sizes. Daniel was a 10, Mark and Jake were an 11 and Brad was a 12. They picked out four matching pair of the most hideously tacky, snake-skin boots, paid the man upfront who didn't understand exactly why they were giggling so badly, then made their way back outside. 

        They got back in the van and took off towards a McDonalds they had passed earlier. They ordered enough food for twice as many people then headed back to the motel. At a four way stop, they waited for a car directly across from them to take their turn, then proceeded to turn left when that car passed. Unfortunately, the car behind that one; a large, stupid, white truck being driven by a balding, fat, hairy hillbilly wearing a tank top even though it was goddamn near freezing out, decided that he had waited long enough and breezed right through the stop sign, nearly plowing into the van. Brad slammed on the brakes and gave the man his best 'what the fuck' look, then yelled "Stop twice next time, Asshole?" The fat yokel in the truck hit his brakes, causing the red, rubber Truck Nuts dangling from his trailer hitch to sway violently back and forth. He stopped in the middle of the intersection and blocked the van. He rolled his window down and began to yell something that neither of the boys could understand. Brad threw the gear into park and opened the van door, swiftly walking to the truck, his hand clenched tightly into a fist. 

        Brad had never been in a fight before. Actually, he had never even hit someone before. It was just something about this white-trash wolf-man that instantly made his blood boil. The situation quickly absolved, though, as the man took off before Brad got more than three steps from the van, the man yelling "Faggots" as he sped off.  

	"Fuck you!" Brad yelled as the dipshit turned right onto a small neighborhood street just ahead. Brad noticed his license plate read WRECK EM. Next to that; A Romney/Ryan '12 bumper sticker. What a fucking tool, he thought, as he got back in his van. 

        "Faggots?" Jake asked, more to himself than to Brad. "What'd I do?"

        "God dude, I hate how no one apologizes anymore. Ever."

        "I know, even when they're in the wrong."

      "Everyone is just so quick with unwarranted anger or a lame excuse. No one takes responsibility for anything anymore."

     "Especially women! With their stupid 'You're mad at me so I'm mad at you for being mad at me' bullshit."

        "Amen, brother. Come on, let's eat some food."

        When they returned to the motel, Mark was still sleeping and Daniel promptly pretended that he, himself, hadn't been sleeping the whole time. "Food?" he asked.

        "And tons of it," Jake replied, showing him the four bags of deep-fried deliciousness.

          "What's with the shit kicker hats?"

        "Dude, we're in Wyoming and we're cowboys now. Duh. And besides, I thought you and your people always wore these hats, like when you were mowing lawns or selling oranges..."

        "I'm not Mexican, god damn it!"
        
        Jake knew this, obviously, but he was also aware of Daniel's number-one pet peeve; being mistaken as a Mexican. "It gets better, muchacho. We gots us some matching boots! Tee-yuck!" Jake said, with his over-exaggerated hillbilly voice, not noticing he went from Mexican to white trash in the same statement. 

        "Oh god, why?"
        
        "For funsies," Brad said. "Remember, that's what this trip is about."

        "Right. Well, let's see 'em."

        "Be right back," Jake said, setting the bags of food on the table and walking back outside. He returned less than a minute later with four large shoeboxes piled high in his arms. He dropped them noisily to the ground.

        "Shit man, quiet," Brad snapped at him.

        "My bad. Sorry. Here, check it out." He lifted the lid off the top box and removed the pair of boots, holding them up  proudly.

        "Holy shit, guys," Daniel said. "Those are horrendous. Those don't even look like something a cowboy would wear. They look like what you'd wear while hanging outside of a Home Depot trying to get day labor work or like, running from La Migra. Why the hell would you waste money on that?"

        "Dude, we have Bedrock t-shirts. Who cares," Brad said. "And what the hell do you know about La Migra? We live in Nebraska. Now come and help me get these on Mark. He'll have quite the surprise when he wakes up." The three boys laughed as they tried to fit Mark's limp, freezing cold feet into the boots. When the job was finished, they stood back and admired the shoes. "Dude, those are awful, huh?"

        "Pretty bad," Jake said. "Pretty bad...ass, I mean!"

        Daniel threw a pillow at Jake, hitting him square in the face.

        "Oh dude," Jake said, completely ignoring the pillow attack, "you should have seen your boy here almost lay it down with some fatass, middle age hillbilly Wookie that almost crashed in to us?"

        "What?" Daniel said, a mild tinge of shock and disbelief in his voice.

        "Yeah. Some fucker ran a stop sign and about hit us, then he had the nerve to stop and yell at us. Before I could even yell back, your boy here has the car in park, the door opened and is running towards the guy, about to hit him. It was fuckin rad, dude. The guy pussed out and drove away."

        "Right on, man!"

        "Yeah, and I'm pretty sure we know where he lives, too. He turned onto a little coul-de-sac right past the stop sign. We should go piss on his door handle."

        "Bro," Daniel said to Brad, "remember that time in high school when we were at that party and that girl you were trying to get with kept turning you down and you got all pissed off and we left?"

        "Oh lord."

        Jake cocked his head to the side, not recognizing the story.

        "We're all drunk and shit and we stumble out the front door and Brad here spots her car on the street and is all, 'Dude, I'm going to piss on her door handle' So we walk' over to it and we see that her window is cracked so he takes aim and shoots his pee straight up and into her driver's seat."

        "Shut up!" Jake said. "Where was I?!"

        "No idea. It was just me and Brad. I remember we ended up waiting in the bushes for her to come outside. Like, an hour later she walks out with some other dude and they get into her car and you can hear her yell, 'Who the fuck spilled beer in my car?!'" The three of them started laughing hysterically. "Dude, I wish I could have seen the faces of those two assholes, sitting in your warm piss and having no idea what it really was."

        Brad tried to contain his laughter, eventually spitting out, "Yeah, what a dumb tramp!" The laughter continued until Mark groaned and shifted in bed. "Shit. Sorry man. We'll be quiet."

        "Well," Jake said, "all this talk about pee-pee has made me hungry. Let's eat some McDonalds!"

        When they finished, they decided to take a nap. If Mark awoke in the evening, they could drive through the night. Brad checked his phone for the time. He could put another fen patch on Mark, and give him a dose of Oxycontin when he woke up. He got the bottles and a glass of water ready and set it on Mark's night stand, applied the patch to his inner-arm then layed down on the floor and fell right to sleep. 

        Mark awoke around 9pm to a completely dark room and silence. At first he thought he was alone, but eventually heard breathing coming from the ground, realizing everyone was asleep. He reached for his water and took a sip, coughing, as usual. Brad woke up instantly at the sound. "You okay, buddy?"

        "I'm fine," Mark whispered. "My body feels sore and my throat is dry, but other than that, I'm okay." Brad got to his feet and opened the bottle of Oxy.

        "Here, you can take one of these while you wait for the fen patch to kick in."

        "Okay. Thanks." He took the pill and swallowed it down, coughing again. "Brad?"

        "Yeah, buddy?"

        "I never thanked you."

        "For what?"

        "For saving my life."

        "Oh man, you don't need to thank me for that."

        "I don't know what I was thinking. I just felt so...empty."

        "Don't worry about it. We'll talk about it later." Brad checked his phone. "Dude, we've been sleeping for hours. We were going to drive through the night, if that's okay with you."

        "Perfect. I prefer driving at night anyway. Sometimes the glare from the sun gives me a headache."

        "Why didn't you tell us that before, asshole?"

        "Didn't want to be a bother."

     "Dude, we bathed you. Driving at night is no bother at all. Come on, let's get ready. Where do you want to go today?"

        "Where is that place where all the old people go?"

        "Um. The cemetery?"

        "No, it's like Vegas but without the gambling. They have shows there from people who are really washed up. I think like, Yakof Shmirnoff is there, and that Ray J. Johnson, Jr asshole."

        "Oh shit, you mean Branson. You're right. That is the last stop before the grave."

        "Yeah, is that close? That should be good for a laugh." In his best Russian accent, Mark said, "In soviet Russia, cancer make you live longer." They both snickered at the terrible joke. "Comedy genius, right there."

        "Dude, that is in Missouri, nowhere near us."

        "Damn. Well, what's the next state over?"

        "I think it's Utah."

        "Right on. What does Utah have to offer?"

        "Um, a big lake and some religious nutbags?"

        "Good enough for me."

        "We got fireworks, too, dude. Come on, let's get ready." 

        "Bradley?"

        "Yeah?"

        "What the fuck are these on my feet?"

        "Oh dude, I thought you'd like those. Those are our matching snakeskin boots. We all got a pair."

        "These are awful."

        "I know." Brad walked to the door and flipped on the lights. "Come on, assholes, it's time to move." Jake and Daniel mumbled from below him, unwilling to follow the command. Brad began nudging them with his feet. "Let's go. Let's go. Mark is up and ready to roll."

        "I need to take a shower," Jake said.

        "Come on, man, you just had one yesterday, who are you trying to impress?"

        "Fine. Hand me the baby powder. That'll be my shower for the day."

        "Mine, too, I guess." Daniel said, still half asleep. 

        Daniel began carving into the television stand, then got up to get ready.

        Mark, Daniel, Brad and Jake Were Here...And Became Cowboys.

        Less than one hour later they were heading out the door of the motel, cowboy hats fitted atop their heads and the ridiculous boots on their feet. Jake said he would run the key to the office and check them out. Daniel and Brad packed up the rest of the stuff and helped Mark walk to the van. 

        "Shit, dude!" Daniel said.

        "What?" Brad asked.

        "Look." Daniel pointed down at the vans front passenger's side tire. Completely deflated. "Shit."

        "Damn. We can't even get back into the room. We'll have to put the spare on and hope it gets us through the night. I don't want to stick around here til morning."

        "Me either."

        "Me either," Mark said, still being held up by his two friends.

        "Okay, hold on to him," Brad said to Daniel, "I'll get the wheelchair out so he can sit, then we can deal with the spare."

        "Alright."

        Brad slid the van's door open and removed Mark's wheelchair, unfolding it before him and helping Daniel gently lower Mark down in to it. Once he was comfortable, Brad walked around to the back, lifted up the hatch and raised the folded down seats. He hoped the tire would be under there. He lifted up the carpet and found nothing. Then he undid the hatch on a little hidden panel on the side, there he found a jack and a tire iron. No tire. "Dude, it's not back here."

        "It's under the car then. I can get it." Daniel walked around the back and knelt down on the pavement, looking under the car. "Good news and bad news, boys."

        "Oh god...What?"

        "This is where the tire SHOULD be."

        "Oh god damn it, it's not there?"

        "No sir. Completely gone."
        
        "Aw shit! A flat tire?!" Jake said as he made his way back to the van.

        "Yeah," Brad said. "And it gets worse. No spare."

        "Aw man! So what, we have to check back in the motel?"

        "I guess. Wait. Maybe not. I have an idea." A smirk flashed across his face. No one noticed it but Mark.

        "Oh no. I've seen that look before," Mark said.

        "Yeah. Follow me. I've got an idea." Brad reached in, removing the jack and the tire iron. 

        The four of them strolled down the deserted street, Brad leading the way, Jake pushing Mark and Daniel by their side, hidden in the darkness of night. They passed the four way stop where Brad had become momentarily enraged and turned on to the coul-de-sac where WRECK EM had vanished. Three houses down on the opposite side of the street, parked alone in the driveway, was the white truck that had nearly crashed into them. "Follow me, boys," Brad said, stepping off the sidewalk. 

        They walked softly and quietly up to the driveway. Daniel took over the wheelchair duty and kept watch for any signs of danger. Brad and Jake crouched down and snuck up beside the truck. "How do we even know this tire will fit, dude?" Jake asked.

        "Who cares. It's worth a shot. And this guy is an asshole, anyway. How funny is it going to be when he comes out in the morning and his stupid truck is missing a tire?"

        Jake laughed. "Yeah, this is gonna be awesome." Daniel and Mark were still on lookout, a smile from ear to ear overtook Mark's face. Daniel had an idea. He readied his pocketknife and walked to the rear of the truck. He knelt down and began sawing away at the Truck Nuts. Once free, Daniel returned to Mark's wheelchair and began securing them to the back of his seat. 

	''There ya go, my man!''

        Brad placed the jack under the frame and began pumping it upward, lifting the front right side of the truck until the tire was completely airborne. Jake quickly began unscrewing the lug nuts, taking extra care with the noise. When all were removed, Brad slid the tire off. "Welp! Double the C, double the S and all the day you'll have Success."

        "Hey geniuses," Daniel called out softly from the sidewalk, "we should have brought the flat tire to replace that one. How are we going to get the jack back?"

        "Shit," Brad said, desperately searching for an answer, unbelieving of his stupidity. "We'll just leave the jack. Fuck it. Let's go."

        "We can't leave the jack, stupid! How the hell are we going to change the tire on the van."

        "Oh, fuuuudge!" Brad said. He began to look around for anything he could prop the truck up with. There was nothing. "God damn it!"

        "Dude, just lower the jack. It's the only way," Jake said. 

        "Crap. You're right." Brad turned the crow bar the opposite direction. Upon the first sign of the truck's decent, the alarm began to wail, echoing boisterously throughout the dead-end street. "Aw crap!"

        "Dude, just pull it!" Jake yelled.

        Daniel began to hop wildly while still holding onto the handles of the wheelchair. "Shit shit shit, we've got to go." Mark could not stop laughing.

        Brad reached under the truck and began to tug recklessly on the jack. 

        "Dude," Jake yelled out. "Watch out or the fucking truck will come crashing down on your arms!" He reached under and both boys got their arms situated in the wheel well. "Take off, guys! Go!" Daniel took him at his warning and began to back away slowly, pulling Mark with him, wanting to leave, but really wanted to stay and watch.

        "Door!" Daniel yelled as the light inside the house flipped on and the front door began to open. With one final, desperate tug, the jack came lose, sending the truck crashing lopsidedly to the concrete, crushing the entire right side and, Brad was pretty sure, breaking the axel and totaling the once nice automobile. 

        "Go go go!" Daniel yelled as he began to run, his ridiculous cowboy boots barely catching traction on the slippery, ice-covered ground pushing the still-laughing Mark in front of him. Jake grabbed the lug nuts and shoved them in to his pocket as Brad stood the tire on end and rolled it down the driveway as the hairy, hillbilly owner came storming out of his house and chasing after them. Neighbors began to peek out their windows to witness four grown men, one being pushed in a wheelchair and waving his cowboy hat in the wind like Slim Pickens riding the bomb to his doom in Dr. Strangelove, one whose pants were falling down from the added weight of the lug nuts, tire iron and jack and one rolling a stolen tire down their peaceful, quiet street, while their neighbor, wearing only boxer shorts in the freezing-cold night, chased after them, wildly wielding a shotgun in the air. 

        The man finally gave up chasing them and returned to his recently-purchased, newly-totaled Chevy truck, while the marauding band of idiot man-children disappeared into the night's solemn darkness,  running unsurely as their stupid, snakeskin boots continue to slip on the asphalt, rolling their tire through the small Wyoming town,  their laughter disturbing every member of the houses they passed.
I'm lost at sea, 
The radio is jamming but they won't find me,
I swear it's for the best 
And then your frequency is pulling me in closer
Til I'm home.

And I've been up for days
I finally lost my mind 
And then I lost my way.
I'm blistered but I'm better and I'm home.

And I will crawl, theres things that aren't worth 
giving up I know.
But I won't let this get me I will fight.
You live the life you're given with the storms outside somedays all I do is watch the sky.

This room's too small, it's only getting smaller
I'm against the wall, I'm slowly getting taller here in Wonderland. 
This guilt feels so familiar and I'm home.

And I will crawl, theres things that aren't worth
giving up I know.
But I won't let this get me I will fight.
You live the life you're given with the storms outside somedays all I do is watch the sky,
Somedays all I do is watch the sky.

I think I, I could use a little break, today was a good day.
I think I, I could use a little break, today was a good day.
It's a deep sea on which I'm floating. Still I sink to think that i must...

Crawl, theres things that aren't worth giving up I know.
When you can't bear to carry me I'll fight.
You live the life you're given with the storms outside somedays all I do is watch the sky,
Today was a good day, today was a good day.
         They returned to the motel, quickly changing the tire (luckily it fit perfectly), leaving the flat in the parking lot and hauled ass out of there, headed west towards Utah. Daniel had checked the GPS on his phone and according to that map, they could make it to Las Vegas in right around nine hours. It would probably be their final stop before hitting Santa Monica. Mark has often mentioned his desire to go there, so he immediately perked up at the news. 

        "We can stay there as long as you want, bro." Daniel told him.

        "That sounds rad. Thanks."

        Brad plugged in his iPod to the van's speakers and the four of them listened to their music while driving off in to the night.

        He drinks a whiskey drink, He drinks a vodka drink, He drinks a lager drink, He drinks a cider drink. He sings the songs that remind him of the good times, He sings the songs that remind him of the best times.

        Brad lifted his iPod and studied it for a moment. "Dude, who would buy a Zune?"

        They laughed. "Right?" Jake said. 

        "Seriously. I hate when people who don't have Apple products try to tell you how much better their product is. It's so annoying because, ya know, their product sucks and they're obviously too poor to buy an Apple so they have to talk their piece of shit up. Like, no matter how cool you say the Zune is, dude, it's still a fuckin' Zune and you should be embarrassed by it."

        "Where the hell did that come from?" Daniel asked.

        "Oh, some doucher at work the other day had one. I swear to god, it was like he was holding a fucking brick. I made fun of him and he spent the next three hours trying to explain to me how much cooler it was than an iPod. All I kept hearing was 'I'm poor and make bad decisions.'" Laughter rolled through the van. Everyone became quiet shortly after and enjoyed the music.

        Well I guess what they say is true, I could never be the right kind of girl for you.

        The plan was to cut straight through Utah, but after about three hours, just outside of Provo, Mark, who was still wide awake and feeling the best he had in a very long time, asked if Daniel could pull the van over.

        "Shit man, are you okay?" Brad asked, worry creeping into his voice.

        "Never better."

        "Whew. Wait, then why are we stopping in the middle of nowhere?"

        "Because, man. Look around you."

        "It's dark..."

        "There is enough light. Just look. This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen."

        The van pulled to a stop on the side of a mountain with a large turnoff at its base. Mark glanced up through the moon-roof. "Look. Look at the sky and the full moon and all those stars. And these huge mountains and the snow."

        Daniel, Brad and Jake each stared out their window, taking in the scenery they hadn't given much thought to mere moments ago. It truly was breathtaking.

        "I want to stop here for a while. Get out," Mark said.

        "Dude, it's like, freezing out here," Jake said. "You can't go out in this."

        "That'll be a welcome change, anyway. It's hotter than Great White's last concert in this van. Come on. I don't care how cold it is. I want to get out."

        "Come on, man," Brad said, "you can't be sitting out in the freezing cold in your condition. What if you catch pneumonia?"

        "And then what? Catch pneumonia and...die? I'm already going to die, Bradley. Probably soon. This is my last chance to see these things. You guys will live on long after I'm gone, and maybe you'll travel this way again, and I hope you do, but this is it for me. My one shot. What's the point of this trip if we can't stop and take in the beauty of this country. Just a few days ago I had never even been close to a mountain, and now I'm in one, and its...gorgeous. And I know I said I didn't want to see things that made me feel so insignificant, but I was wrong. This is what I need to see. This makes me feel better. Being here, in these mountains, makes me realize that we're all pretty insignificant in the grand scheme of things. And ya know what, that’s alright. How many years have these mountains been here? How many men have traveled through them during the course of history? Millions. And so many of them have passed on now, but these mountains still remain. And they will still remain after I'm gone, and after you guys are gone. The world will keep moving and that's just the way life works. And it's made me happy. I am happy now."

        Though none of them would admit it, all three of the boys listening felt their eyes well up with tears. Mark was right. What's the point of life if you can't stop and savor the small things. The things that seem so trivial. Maybe that is what life was all about in the first place. Nothing any of them would ever accomplish would change the world in any real way, only a minute fraction of the population would ever accomplish such a feat. Perhaps man's mission in life was to enjoy what the world had to offer. To seek out happiness, spread joy, and at the end of the line when you depart your earthly body, maybe you wouldn't have changed the world, but just maybe you could leave it a little better of a place for having lived there. All four boys in the car were beginning to realize that.

        "Let's get out, then," Brad said, trying to hide his moist eyes with a big smile. He opened his door and the sudden rush of cold air made his body tense up. "We're going to need blankets, all of them. And anything we can burn."

        They left Mark in the warm van while the three of them untied all the luggage from the top, emptying out all the blankets they had. They had packed extra, just in case, and it looked to be paying off. Daniel wandered off from the pack in search of anything to burn. He rustled up a bunch of twigs, leaves and various other brush, brought it back to the van and began to try and start a little campfire with his Zippo. By the time he finally got one lit, Brad and Jake had all the blankets out and were working Mark into his wheel chair, wrapping him like a mummy before sitting him down. Daniel walked back out into the wilderness, fetching more to burn.

        They each wrapped themselves in a blanket and sat around the fire, the ground being much colder than they had anticipated. "God damn!" Daniel yelled when his ass hit the dirt. "This some chilly shit, bro!"

        "Shit, you're not kidding!" Jake said, all three of them inching closer to the open flame. Brad reached out and grabbed the wheel of Marks chair and pulled him closer, as well. 

        "Hey guys," Mark said, wiggling his arm loose from his material bindings and holding up his bottle of joints that he nonchalantly snagged from his medi-bag. "What do you say? I'm sure as hell not going to use them."

        "Really?" Jake asked.

        "Absolutely. What the hell do I care?" He tossed the bottle in Daniel's lap. "Light 'em up."

        "Right on," Daniel said, removing one joint from the bottle and placing it between his lips "Should I be a badass and light it in the campfire like they do in the westerns?"

        "Yeah, man, show us how it's done," Jake said.

    "Alright," Daniel responded with the joint dangling from his lips. He leaned in close to the fire, getting just the tip of his cig in the flame, when a sudden gust of wind came up and pushed the fire directly in his face, singeing his entire right eyebrow. He dropped the joint from his mouth and fell backwards, swatting aimlessly at his face as if it were still on fire, the whole time yelling obscenities that echoed throughout the range. "Fuck! Fuck me, man! Am I burnt?! Shit! I'm burnt! Am I burnt?! I am, huh?!"

        The gallery of friends gathered around him couldn't stop laughing long enough to answer the question. Daniel sat back up, satisfied that he was not on fire, and asked, "Do I look okay? Am I burnt?" The laughter got louder. Daniel just sat there, stone-faced, his left eyebrow slanted downward in anger, his right eyebrow, non-existent. He didn't understand what was so funny. He was oblivious to his missing facial feature. "I hate you, assholes."

        "Dude, you look, um, fine," Brad said. "It was just funny. You would have laughed if it was one of us."

        "I still hate you."
        
        Mark couldn't remember the last time he laughed this hard. It felt good. When it died down, he began to cough and his chest hurt. Brad got up and got him water. It helped. 

        Daniel felt around for the missing joint, found it and stuck it back in his mouth. "I'm not doing that shit, anymore." He pulled out his zippo and lit it the proper way, taking three deep drags then passing it to Brad. 

        Brad looked at the joint burning in his hand for a moment. He hadn't smoked in nearly a decade. The last time, early on at the junior college, Brad had been taking hits from a water bong out of a bathtub at some party. When he left that night, still lit up like a Christmas tree, he was pulled over for driving fifteen miles per hour in a fifty-five zone. He hadn't realized he was going so slowly; in fact, he was convinced he was going too fast and was going to be pulled over for speeding. The irony did not escape him as the officer knocked on his window with his flashlight. 

        "What seems to be the problem here, sir?" The officer had asked.

        "What? Problem? No problem. Sir. Problemo de nada," he had said, rather foolishly, as he tried to play it cool.

        "You were going forty miles under the speed limit."

        "Was I? Oh, I uh, have a terrible flu. I needed more medicine. I'm kinda mixed up. I was half asleep when I came out. I was, uh, trying to be cautious."

        "Let me see your license." Brad handed it over and the officer took a long look at it before handing it back. "You need to go home, sir. I will follow behind you to make sure you get there."

        "Oh, uh, yes sir. Thank you, sir." The officer walked back to his car and Brad slowly merged back onto the empty road, sweating profusely, heart racing. When he got home, he couldn't remember how he got there, even though he had very vivid memories of the occurrence. It was a weird thing to explain. It was like he blacked out, dreamt of the ride home, then awoken in his bed. He felt weird and the high didn't seem to go away. He would pass his hand in front of his face and then wonder if he had really just done that or if he was thinking about doing it. He didn't like the sensation. He never felt the desire to smoke ever again.

        That thought passed through his mind as he stared at the joint like a kid under peer-pressure in a bad after-school special, before eventually saying fuck it and taking a long drag. With the smoke journeying down into his lugs, it brought with it all the vivid recalls of the events prior when the drug was present. It was an odd sensation for his body, but not a bad one. He took one more drag then passed it to across the campfire to Jake.

        "Hey hey," Mark said. "It's my shit, I get at least one drag."

        "Seriously?" Jake asked, looking to Brad for approval.

        "Yeah, seriously."

        Brad gave Jake a shoulder shrug and the joint was passed to Mark. He took a puff, coughing loudly as it reached his deteriorating lungs. "Coughing just gets you higher, man," Jake said.

        Still coughing, Mark said, "Good to know," then passed it on in its clockwise rotation. It made its rounds until all that was left was ash in the wind. They sat silently for a moment. "I'm not sure if I've thanked you guys for this, yet."

        "You don't have to thank us," Brad said.

        "Yeah, bro. We should be thanking you," Daniel said. 

        "I mean it. This is amazing. Just a few days ago I tried to end it all. I sat in my bed and couldn't think of a single reason to even bother going on living anymore. I was selfish and I was stupid. I never in a million years thought it would end up like this. This is...amazing. I'm really sorry for putting you guys through that."

        "Dude, don't you ever apologize to us," Daniel said. "Ever. You owe us nothing."

        "I've just felt so lost for so long. I think we all have. I don't think any of our lives have turned out the ways we had anticipated in high school and in college. We've been spinning our wheels, lost in the dark forest of our lives, wandering aimlessly. It's time to quit being lost. It's time to be found. To find ourselves. It may be too late for me, but you guys don't have to stay content with your lives. We all hold, or held, shitty jobs that we hate but yet there is nothing keeping us there. Nothing chaining us to our mediocrity that, for one reason or another, we have  conceded to. There is so much more out there for you guys. Don't stay lost. Find yourselves.

        One week ago I wanted to die. And while I've finally accepted my fate, I don't want this trip to end. When I took all those pills, after Sam had left me, I imagined myself getting worse and being whisked away to a hospital where they would hook me up to tubes and I would just lie there, waiting patiently to die. Every minute growing weaker and weaker. More tired. Until the moment my body just gave up and I died. I imagined being alone." A tear traced down the side of his face. "I don't know why I was being so stupid. I let a girl make me feel the worst I could ever get. A fucking girl." His voice began to crack. "I thought I had finally found true love with her and she left me when I needed her the most. My life wasn't worth much after that, at least, not to me. So I took the pills. Resigned to the fact that I would never know real, true love. It was too late in the game for me to find it, so I just threw in the towel. It was stupid. I know."

        He was silent for a moment, collecting his thoughts before continuing on. "But hey, look at me now. Doing something I never dreamt I would be doing, with my three best friends in the world. You guys have no idea what this means to me. I can't even find the words to express it. And I know I'm getting worse. And I know my time is running out. The pain is beginning to dull which means my body has shut down so much it can't even bother sending the pain messages to my brain. My body temperature is so cold right now that it's actually making me not cold sitting out here. That's one of the reasons I wanted to stop. I wanted to tell you that my time is coming. Coming soon. And if I don't make it to the beach, I don't want you to blame yourselves and I don't want you to feel bad. Every second I am spending with you is just adding to the masterpiece of a final chapter to the story of my life." Tears were flowing from everyone as they huddled closer to the campfire. "So, ya know, if I die tonight, just know I died happy. If I make it to Vegas, fantastic, but if I don't, it doesn't even matter. And if I make it to the beach, again, fantastic, but if not, it doesn't bother me. I've seen it in my dreams and I'm much happier with my current reality, just being out here with my friends." All the talking had made his throat dry. The last few words he said had to be choked out. He took another drink from his water; a small sip. "But promise me, all of you, you will not be sad when I go."

        Brad, his face streamed with streaks of teardrops, tried to speak, his voice catching and forcing him to pause, finally saying, "We can't not be sad, dude. You're our best friend. You're our nucleolus."

        "But I am ready to go. I feel hollow inside and it's not a pleasant feeling. I'm just trying to tell you that no matter when I leave, I want you guys to know you could not have provided me with a better send off." Jake reached out and grabbed Mark's hand. "I know I don't have much to offer you right now, and I barely have anything to even leave behind. I just want you all to promise me you will reach for greatness. Whatever it may be, no matter how silly or stupid you think it is to try or do, or whatever. Just go for it. Stop being content. Don't waste time missing me. Spend your time finding yourselves. Find happiness in new things, not sorrow in things past."

        "We're just going to miss you, dude."

        "I know you are. And I am going to miss you guys. I don't know where I go after this. I've never been a religious man. I've always thought the bible was kinda hokey and really unrealistic, but it just seems like a waste for people to spend such a short time on earth then have that be the end of it. Who knows what will happen. It's scary, but I'm prepared to find out. And fuck man, I miss my parents. Where ever I go, I hope they are there. I know it's a long shot, but it's hope that I have to cling to. Maybe I will simply just cease to exist. Maybe we only get this one shot and whatever happens happens. But no one knows. At least, no one in this life knows. Maybe a wonderful new world awaits me. Maybe it's heaven, maybe it's not. Maybe my folks will be there and maybe they won't. It's a crapshoot. But I'm excited at the possibility."
	
	''Just think of all the good company you'll be in in the cancer section of heaven,” Daniel  said, to puzzled looks. ''I mean, seriously, you'll get to hang out with George Harrison. Adam Yauch-''

	''That one guy from LFO,'' Brad added.

	''Yeah, that one guy from LFO. It has the potential to be awesome.'' 

          Mark smiled at the thought.

         Jake wiped the tears from his face with his free hand, having not paid attention to the previous discussion, and said, "I've always been scared to death of...death." He smiled. "Seriously, the thought of everything just ending terrifies me. Imagine just ceasing to exist for all eternity. It fuckin' freaks me out."

        "I know," Brad said. "I felt the same way. I've never been much in to God either. I kind of accepted the fact that when I die, that’s it. I'll either decompose in the ground or be turned into ashes, and that will be the end of Brad Augustine. It's a scary thought so I really try not to think about it. But then I think back to before I existed. Before I was conceived. What did that feel like? For as long as the world existed before I arrived, I didn't exist. Is it going to be the same thing after I leave. Will not existing even bother me if I'm dead? If I'm dead shouldn't it be impossible to be scared? I never believed in heaven. I still don't. I think organized religion as a whole pollutes the world. It's the single cause to ninety-nine percent of the world's death and destruction. One man's religious hero is another man's terrorist. Where do we get off pretending we know what is right and what is wrong. It's pure arrogance and it is what has caused the downfall of man. In America we're supposed to be free to pray to any god we want, everyone is supposed to be equal, but it's all bullshit and everyone knows it. You honestly think any non-Christian man would ever be elected president? Of course not, and why? Because people can't tolerate people who don't believe exactly what they believe. It is the most egotistical and hypocritical way of life I have ever seen. If Christians really believed the shit that Christianity was supposed to stand for, the world wouldn't be like this. There would be no gay marriage debates; there would simply be marriage, two people loving each other and living their lives. There would be no wars. Not nearly as much hatred in the world. But, they twist it to fit their own needs. They sit in the pews and they judge us, and if they make the same mistakes we do, and they always do, they use the age-old cop-out of saying Well, Jesus forgives ME.

        Jesus forgives ME. It's the centuries old get out of jail card, to be twisted and used whenever needed. So yeah, religion has never been my thing. I don't think there is one all-mighty god who rules everything and just like a bad movie, has an arch enemy, the crazy devil, who lives down below us, somewhere, possibly in the earth's core, I'm not sure. Or, if you're on the other side of the earth, I guess he technically, would be above you. Not really sure how that fantasy shit is supposed to play out in regards to plain facts. I know I'm off track and rambling. You can blame the weed. I'm just trying to say that us, right here, right now, represent nothing but a mere speck of dust in the galaxy. Less than one piece of dust. Perhaps this entire planet is nothing but a piece of dust. With all the solar systems out there and all the galaxies, it's so typical that we humans assume it is just us. So my point, I guess, is that, while I don't believe in Heaven, per-se, after giving it a lot of thought after Mark...you, got sick, I do not believe Earth is our final destination. There has to be more out there. I am sure of it. And when you go, you will see your parents again. And ya know what, when I go, and Jake and Daniel go, we'll be there, too. You just have to wait for us." Brad sat silent, becoming fully aware of just how much he had rambled on. "Well, I'll shut up now. Sorry."

        "Don't be sorry," Mark said. "While I'm much more used to talking about boobies and various vaginas, this is a welcome change of topic."

        "I was raised Catholic," Daniel said. "All my life. And ya know what, those guys believe some really ridiculous shit. I mean, I realize we're sitting in Mormon country right now and nothing this side of Pentecostal comes even close to being as fucked up as that fucked up religion, but Catholicism definitely has its faults. Like, supporting a war where thousands of innocent people die, while protesting a woman's right to have an abortion. Shit like that just doesn't fit. But, at the end of the day, I do believe in God. And I do believe in Heaven. I just think it's the people here on earth who have fucked everything up for Him. And, if you don't want to believe in Heaven, dude, more power to ya, brother. Right on. Free will is what it's all about. And ya know what? When the time comes for us to die, I don't think what we believed on earth is really even going to matter. We're all going to the same place, regardless of what we believed. So yeah, thinking like that does make me feel a little better. Knowing that no matter what may come, eventually we'll be reunited."

        "And it feels so goooood," Jake sang, breaking the seriousness of the night's conversation. It was much needed, everyone laughed and got back on track. A rustling sound came from the shrubs behind them. Everyone turned to look but saw nothing of importance. "Probably just a little animal. Or Jason. That'd be pretty badass. Friday the 13th part 32: Jason versus the Mormons!"

        "Dude," Brad said, looking towards Mark, "remember that time at camp when we fed all that chocolate to those squirrels because we were too lazy to actually go do the activities?"

        Daniel and Mark laughed, Jake looked confused. "Wait, what?"

        "Mark and I were in Boy Scouts together when we were little. Danny was too, but he missed the big camping trip." Brad looked towards Daniel and asked, "Why weren't you there, anyway?"

        "Family vacation, remember? So lame."

        "That's right. Anyway, it was our big week away from our parents at this camp near Mahoney State Park. There were different troops and all different ages and shit there, but somehow Mark and I were the two smallest little twerps in the whole camp."

        "No dude," Mark said, "there was that little fat kid named Brian. He was way wimpier than us."

        "You're right, but he was still in our cabin. Things weren't lookin' up for us. The first day there we have to do some stupid swim test where we jump in the water and prove that we won't die, I guess. Fat little Brian jumps in and fuckin sinks like a goddamn bag of bricks." He was having trouble containing the laughter at the memory. "Straight down. Our fat ass troop leader had to jump in and get him."
        
        "God, our cabin sucked."

        "Anyway, they had all these activities set up for everyone to do to earn badges or some shit. Everyone was always excited to go have fun, but Mark and I just stayed in the cabin. They had this little store called the Mahoney Mart where you could buy snacks and shit, so we loaded ourselves down with Reese's Pieces. When we made ourselves sick with them, we ended up feeding all the squirrels that came in to our cabin. It wasn't until years later we realized we probably killed a whole lot of squirrels." The drug-induced laughter continued.

        "Oh," Mark said, "don't forget about our canoe trip."

        "Shit, that's right. Everyone had to row a canoe over to some other part of the camp where we were spending the day or whatever, so, ya know, its four guys to one canoe. Everyone gathers their friends and hops in and starts rowing. Well, lucky us, we get little pussyboy Brian and our enormously fat scout leader." 

	"Seriously," Mark added, "the dude was 300 pounds, easy." 

	"So," Brad continued, "everyone is paddling away, and I shit you not, we're sitting in our canoe, with this fat ass lardbucket in the back, and our canoe is tilted upward, like this," Brad elevated his forearm, his elbow low, his hand raised up, showing the canoes unevenness. "I'm in the front, my paddle isn't even touching water, Mark's is barely skimming the top, and Brian's is so deep he can't even move it. We struggled for thirty minutes, the whole time our scout master is talking shit to us for being such pussies. Yelling at us to row faster. How we were embarrassing him. He seriously called us pussies. Pussies! We were in sixth grade and our three weights combined were still less than his. But he kept on yelling and yelling, paddle faster! Paddle faster! Dude, we were fucking going backwards!"

        "And about to sink!"

     "Yeah! Everyone had already arrived on the island, was having a good time, and we're still six feet from our starting point."

        "Oh shit," Jake said, "so what happened?"

     "They had to send the fucking barge over to rescue us. Seriously, it was the most embarrassing thing ever."

        "Yeah," Mark added, "it was pretty goddamn bad. We did accomplish one pretty amazing feat though."

        "What's that," Jake asked?

        "We went the entire ten days without pooping! Which was no easy matter, considering all the chocolate we ate."

        The laughter grew louder again. Jake, trying to catch his breath, asked, "Why?"

        "Because," Brad said, "the toilets were fucking disgusting. You walk in the bathroom and it's just a bench with four toilet seats on it. That's it. We could all hold hands while sharing a poop. And that wasn't even the worst of it. After like two days, I think, we decided maybe we could just keep watch and one of us could go in, stand over the toilet and just drop a few poops in without having to touch anything, then we could switch positions and the other one could keep the look out, whatever. Anyway, we peek our heads in there to make sure no one is there, and there is this shark's fin of shit hooking out the front of the toilet. I swear to God, I've never seen anything like it before in my life. A perfectly curved, triangular pile of shit, starting in the bowl and exiting like a giant wave, up and over the rim. We were in shock. We each just stood there for like five minutes, staring at it in disbelief. When we finally came to our senses we were like Fuck this, and took off, never setting foot in there again."

        "Even worse was when we finally got back home. We couldn't poop for days. It was awful. Every day when we'd hang out we'd be like, so, have ya pooped yet? Nope, You? Nope. Ugh, it was awful." The laughter seemed to continue for several minutes. Just when it seemed to die down, someone would yell the word PUSSIES and it would start right back up again. 

        The fire began to crackle. Daniel stood up and grabbed some more wood, throwing it on the fire.

        "Thank you again, guys," Mark said. "I could not have asked for anything better. Look at those stars." They all turned their gaze upwards, admiring the millions of tiny bright specks spread out through the darkness, huddled around the big warm glow of the full moon. It seemed so close you could almost reach out and grab it. "This planet really is a work of art."

        "Dude," Jake said, "ya know who is a really fuckin under-rated artist?"

        "Who?"

        "Fuckin' Wile E. Coyote. That motherfucker could paint some realistic ass landscape scenes in like seconds!" The laughter erupted again and didn't die down for several minutes. When it was quiet again, Jake continued, "You wanna know why I left Michelle?"

        "Yes!" they all answered in unison.

        "I've been wanting to know that since the moment you told me," Brad said.

        "It's so fucking stupid, but I think I was just afraid of commitment. That age old cliché for men. Afraid of commitment. Wah, wah, boo fucking hoo. I'm so fuckin' stupid. I began to nitpick everything she did in an attempt to talk myself out of loving her. Even the smallest, more minute fucking things I would obsess over until I couldn't even stand to look at her. Then one day, she was out getting her nails done by some little Asian lady and she comes home and shows me and asks me what I think and, like, seriously, it looked like someone had glued Chiclets to the ends of her fingers. They were enormous. And thick. And that's all I could think about. I didn't even answer her question, I just gave her a dirty look then walked off. That was it. I decided to leave right then. Over stupid fingernails. So I packed my shit and I left the next day. I walked out on her. The last time I saw her face she had tears just exploding out of her eyes. And I walked out."

        "It wasn't just the fingernails," Mark said. "It was everything. Honestly, I think it was the miscarriage. I know how much you wanted that baby, even if you never said so. And I think you blamed Michelle for it. Deep down, I think that's what happened. You didn't even want to admit it to yourself, but you knew, in your mind, that you resented her for losing it. So you pushed her away."

        "God damn it," Jake said, putting his head down into his hands. "I know. I really wanted that kid. And I wanted Michelle. I still fucking do. I'm so stupid. I tried and tried to get her back but she wouldn't take my calls. I don't blame her, I wouldn't have taken them either. She doesn't deserve to have someone like me. She deserves better. She deserves happiness that I stubbornly refused to give her. I still want her though, like, bad, but I've realized I need to let her go. Maybe one day she will return to me, but I'm not holding my breath. And that's what I don't get about you, Daniel. How could you just leave your child?"

        "Come on, guys," Brad said, trying to diffuse the situation before it erupted and grew out of control. "I actually just had this talk with Daniel two days ago. He's going to work on it, aren't you, Danny?"

        "I am." He looked away out of shame.

        "Daniel," Mark said, "that would make me the happiest person in the world if you did that. No bullshitting. Please promise me you will try to get back into that little girl's life."

        "Fuck man, I said I would so I will."

        "Promise?"

        "Yes, I fucking promise. Fuck."

        "Shit," Jake said. "We are not men, are we? We're fucking children. This isn't how men behave, is it?"

        "I don't know," Brad said.

        "I mean, come on, we just totaled some guy's car. All that makes us is thugs. I fucked a woman to distract her while you stole her drugs. Daniel abandoned his daughter and Mark tried to kill himself. We are all a huge fucking mess. It's time to grow up a bit. Start acting like men. Start taking responsibility for our actions. I mean, look at this asshole over here." He nodded to Daniel. "Motherfucker has one eyebrow because he tried to light his joint like a badass. We're thirty-three goddamn years old."

        "Da hell you mean I only have one eyebrow?!" Daniel asked, panically drawing his hands up to his face and feeling the smooth patch of flesh above his right eye. "Oh shit on me, man! Why didn't you tell me?!"

        "I thought you could smell the burning hair."

        "Oh god damn it, man! I'm going to look ridiculous!"

        "Oh, you'll be fine," Jake said. "So yes? Shall we all agree to start acting a little more like men and a little less like children?" Everyone nodded in agreement. "Great. Now who wants to watch me fire this Roman candle out of my ass?!" His friends cheered as he held up the firework he had been hiding under his blanket. Jake jumped to his feet, grabbed the Zippo from Daniel and headed off a few feet in the distance. He undid his belt and button, lowering his pants slightly in the back and wedged the firework between his butt cheeks. He lit the Zippo and held the flame to the fuse. His crowd counted down.

        THREE

        The fuse was lit and began to sparkle

        TWO

        The sparks grew closer

        ONE

    For some unknown reason, Jake's butt cheeks unclenched for a split second, sending the firework down inside his pant leg. He didn't even have time to panic before the fuse ignited the pyrotechnic, sending hot stars of fire up his pant leg, exploding on his testicles and ass. The three "men" could do nothing but stare in mock horror and laugh their asses off. With each repeated PFFT sounds coming from inside Jake's jeans, the laughter just grew louder. Jake began jumping up and down, trying desperately to free to firework from his pant leg, but to no avail. He eventually fell to the ground as the last star shot. He lay there, the smell of singed pubic and ass hair hanging over them like a fog, his pants smoldering. 

        He eventually got to his feet, smoke still escaping from his clothes, and waddled back to the van. His friends still frozen, laughing. He lowered his pants completely and splashed ice-cold water from the ice chest between his thighs and on his balls. It sizzled. The smell was putrid. Maybe even worse than his last smell that he subjected his friends to. 

        "Dude," Daniel said, "I have seen your dick exactly two times too many this trip, bro!" The laughter continued until Jake's panic subsided. 

        "I hate every one of you assholes."

	From out in the distance, thunder began rolling towards them.

        "Come on, dude," Brad said. "Let's fire off the rest of these bastards before the rain comes." He stood and grabbed the two plastic bags and returned to the group. 

	''Actually,'' Mark said, ''No rush. I want the rain to come.''

	''Why?'' Brad asked? ''It's going to be freezing.''

	''That's okay. This could be my last rainfall. I love the rain. I want to stay.''

	''You're the boss, buddy.''

	''Oh. Um, one more thing.''

	''Yeah, homes?''

	''I really want to make it to the beach. Don't fuck up.''

	Brad laughed as Mark tried to keep his straight face.

	The drops began to hammer down upon them within the hour. The stood there, soaking wet, lighting up the sky with their own lightening. The campfire began to smolder until there was nothing left but wafts of smoke.

	Mark leaned his head back and caught the cold water in his mouth while his friends all danced wildly around him, laughing. 

	They stayed there, outlasting the storm, watching night turn into day, laughing together and setting off every last one of the fireworks they purchased. It was the best night they had had together in years.
BRIGHT LIGHT CITY GONNA SET MY SOUL
GONNA SET MY SOUL ON FIRE
GOT A WHOLE LOT OF MONEY THAT'S READY TO BURN,
SO GET THOSE STAKES UP HIGHER
THERE'S A THOUSAND PRETTY WOMEN WAITIN OUT THERE
AND THEY'RE ALL LIVIN DEVIL MAY CARE
AND IM JUST THE DEVIL WITH LOVE TO SPARE
VIVA LAS VEGAS, VIVA LAS VEGAS

HOW I WISH THAT THERE WERE MORE
THAN THE TWENTY-FOUR HOURS IN THE DAY
CAUSE EVEN IF THERE WERE FORTY MORE
I WOULDN'T SLEEP A MINUTE AWAY
OH, THERE'S BLACK JACK AND POKER AND THE ROULETTE WHEEL
A FORTUNE WON AND LOST ON EV'RY DEAL
ALL YOU NEEDS A STRONG HEART AND A NERVE OF STEEL
VIVA LAS VEGAS, VIVA LAS VEGAS

VIVA LAS VEGAS WITH YOU NEON FLASHIN
AND YOUR ONE ARMBANDITS CRASHIN
ALL THOSE HOPES DOWN THE DRAIN
VIVA LAS VEGAS TURNIN DAY INTO NIGHTTIME
TURNIN NIGHT INTO DAYTIME
IF YOU SEE IT ONCE
YOULL NEVER BE THE SAME AGAIN

IM GONNA KEEP ON THE RUN
IM GONNA HAVE ME SOME FUN
IF IT COSTS ME MY VERY LAST DIME
IF I WIND UP BROKE UP WELL
ILL ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT I HAD A SWINGIN TIME
IM GONNA GIVE IT EVERYTHING IVE GOT
LADY LUCK PLEASE LET THE DICE STAY HOT
LET ME SHOUT A SEVEN WITH EV'RY SHOT
VIVA LAS VEGAS, VIVA LAS VEGAS,
VIVA, VIVA LAS VEGAS


        When they finally changed clothes, packed up their things and hit the road, the sun was almost fully visible behind them. They continued their drive into Provo where they found a motel and slept for the day. Before settling in, Daniel and Jake went to a grocery store nearby and stocked up on food, drinks and of course, Provo touristy t-shirts. With their bellies full, they slept for almost twelve hours. 

        Brad insisted Mark take more medicine. They had a long drive ahead of them and didn't want to take any chances. Mark tried to walk to the bathroom on his own, but he's legs felt unsteady, like they would betray him. Jake noticed his imbalance and shot up to give him a hand. Daniel went after them both, and they sat Mark down successfully onto the toilet. Soon they heard the slight splashing sound of urine hitting the water below. Daniel turned the bath water on, pouring in ample amounts of bubble bath. Brad was in the other room, packing up all the groceries.

        Mark sat in his warm bath, completely relaxed. The pain was minimal, which normally would be a good thing, but this far along, was actually quite ominous. Better than being in a hospital though, he thought. He closed his eyes and imagined he was swimming in the ocean. 

        When the water turned cool, Daniel and Jake lifted him out of the tub and wrapped a towel around him, patting him dry. Brad had laid out clothes, including a fresh pair of boxer briefs and socks, Abercrombie sweat pants, the new Provo t-shirt and a Champion pullover hoodie. The cowboy boots were packed up, probably never to be worn again. Instead, Mark would be wearing his Ugg slippers.

        They walked Mark out into the bedroom and Brad got him dressed, making sure to squeeze an extra douse of baby powder down the front of his drawers. Jake stayed behind in the bathroom to take his shower. 

        When everyone was clean, dressed and ready to go, they hit the road once more, traveling south on the I-15 towards Las Vegas.  If everything went well after their brief, and rather darkness-filled stop at Zion National Park on the way out of Utah, they would be there by morning.

        Mark much preferred driving at night. Aside from the headaches from the sun, he enjoyed peering out at the moonlit sky. It calmed his nerves. It truly was the little things that mattered the most to him, now. 

        Brad was being pretty eclectic with his selections on music. The playlist continued to rock-on through his iPod, seemingly playing the worst, most embarrassing songs from their youth that he could find while originally programming it. The selections made them all laugh and they enjoyed the nostalgia of it all. 

        "Ya think Eazy E is still hanging out at Tha Crossroads, just waiting? Like, I bet he's in shock no members of Bone have died yet. He's probably gettin' pretty fuckin' bored up there" Jake said.

        "Dude, it's a terrible song," Brad said. "Now shut up, I want to listen to it."
        
        He continued to shuffle through a wide assortment of giggle-inducing tracks, from The Verve Pipe's Freshmen to Vanilla Ice's Stop That Train to Juvenile's Back Dat Ass Up. Each song resurrected long-forgotten joyful memories. 

        Four hours after they left, one detour and several wrong turns, they crossed over into Arizona. They stopped at a little gas station to fill up the tank. Brad went inside to pay and returned with four t-shirts with a cartoon desert depicted on them. Apparently, according to the shirt, Arizona is HOTT. Two Ts. 

        They didn't dilly-dally. In fact, they had all thought the gas station was creepier than shit. Straight Hills Have Eyes status, Brad had commented. So, when the tank was full and their bladders were empty, they were back on the freeway. Thirty minutes later they crossed into Nevada. In the rearview mirror, Daniel spied the sun peeking above the mountains. 

        They passed through the small towns of Mesquite and Bunkerville, continuing down the I-15. The urge to stop and the random casinos nearly unbearable. They decided to continue on. Vegas would be much better, they just knew it. 

        The sun had fully risen and the day had officially started when the city's landscape came into view. It was unlike anything they had ever seen before. They exited on Frank Sinatra Blvd and merged on to the Las Vegas Strip. Daniel opened both moon roofs to help take it all in. 

        The buildings towered above them. The hotel's lights burned brightly, even in the sun's squint-inducing glow. It was sensory overload for them. They each gazed in awe, pointing out various attractions and monuments. Mark sat silently in the back. He couldn't believe he finally made it here. It was everything he had imagined and so much more. He couldn't wait for night to fall to experience this orgy of neon in the darkness. 

        "Where do you want to stay?" Brad asked, to no one in particular.

        "Anywhere," Jake answered. 

        Brad pulled out his phone and looked for reservations while the van cruised sluggishly down the traffic-lined street. "There is a two bedroom penthouse available at the Myra. It should be right down here on the right."

        "How much is it," Jake asked, wearily.

        "Doesn't matter. I'm booking it. It says it's on the top three floors with a strip view. Sound good, Marcus?"

        "Sounds awesome. Thanks buddy."

        "That's what we're here for.'' After a few minutes of typing away on his phone, Brad proudly added, ''Done! I booked it for one night. That's all it would let me do. Oh well. We are good to go, gentlemen."

        The van continued lethargically rolling with the traffic. Mark rolled down his window. "Turn it up." Brad reached for the stereo, turning the volume up way too loud. The music blasted out of the speakers and on to the Las Vegas strip.

        As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I take a look at my life and realize there's nothin' left
Cause I've been blasting and laughing so long,
That even my mama thinks that my mind is gone
But I ain't never crossed a man that didn't deserve it
Me be treated like a punk you know that's unheard of
You better watch how you're talking and where you're walking. Or you and your homies might be lined in chalk.
Been spending most their lives, living in the
gangsta's paradise
	
	They rolled down the rest of the windows and cruised down the strip in their rented minivan like they owned that goddamn town until finally reaching the turnoff at the Myra hotel. They pulled in to the self-park area and left everything behind. They would get Mark up to the room first, then worry about the luggage.

        Jake unfolded the wheelchair and helped Mark into it and the three of them set off towards the hotel lobby. Their heads were held high the entire walk in admiration of the towering structures hovering over them. Once they arrived in the casino, their senses truly did become overloaded. They had never seen such a massive gathering of people. The excitement was in the air, they felt it as soon as the rush of wind hit them in the faces as they opened the hulking glass doors and stepped inside. 

        Brad told Jake to wait where they were with Mark, while he and Daniel waited in the check-in line. Jake stood there, holding on to Mark's wheelchair, the both of them just looking out across the casino floor. The first thing that caught their eyes, of course, was the women. 

        "Jesus Christ, man, you sure don't get that back in Omaha," Jake said.

          "No sir. You sure don't."

        Two young woman passed by them, scantily clad in cleavage-revealing tops and the shortest skirts they had ever seen. The girls flashed them a friendly smile as they walked by.

        "Good god, man," Jake said, "my pants just got shorter!"

        Twenty minutes later, Daniel and Brad returned, card keys in hand, both of them saying in unison, "Let's go!"

        "Hold on, man," Jake said. "Enjoy the scenery for a minute."

        "What scenery?" Daniel asked. His question was answered almost immediately when a woman in a dress barely covering her ass brushed by them. "Oh shit. That scenery."

        "Yeah. That scenery, boys. Just take a look at all the sausage wallets. They're everywhere, too! There is, most definitely, an angle on my dangle." All four of them giggled like pre-pubescent children. "Check 'em out, dude. Every single one of them is dressed like they are on boner patrol."

        "Yeah, they are giving my 'giner-miner a tingly feeling," Daniel said, hardly able to contain his laughter. 

        "Dude, they're probably all sluts," Brad said.

     "Maybe so," Daniel said, " but I would much rather be with a slut than some goody-goody, near-virgin broad."

        "Really? Why?"

        "Okay, say you're about to have sex with some girl that's only been with two other guys. Alright, now I have a one-in-three chance of having the smallest penis she has ever seen! With sluts, my odds greatly increase to my favor. See? More confidence."

        "Well," Brad said, rolling his eyes, "as much as I love hearing about your disgusting meat wrenches, can we head up to the room now?"

        They made their way through the masses of people, slowing down on numerous occasions to take in the casino's sights, until they made it to their own, velvet-rope-protected elevator. The guard asked to see their key cards. When he was satisfied, he unhinged the rope and let them pass, like being allowed entry into a posh new club. 

        They took the elevator up to the sixty-fifth floor and stepped off into the hallway, turning left to head towards their room. Brad slid his keycard and the door made an electronic unlocking sound. He turned the handle and pushed the door open. The brightness of the room nearly over-powered them. Everything was a pristine white.

        They walked in, noticing a small bathroom immediately to the right. They followed the corridor into a small room which looked like an office, complete with a desk, stationary and a phone. After that came the main living room and kitchenette. All four mouths were agape in disbelief. The living room had massive floor to ceiling windows offering a breathtaking view of the city below. There were two chairs, a glass table and a large, sectional sofa, all facing a giant fifty-five inch LCD television, stereo and speakers. Just to their right was the kitchenette with a small, round table in the center of the tile, a fridge, dual sinks, a microwave, freezer and glassware.

        To the right of the main living room was a small sitting area, complete with another television, sofa and chair. Bookending the penthouse were two large bedrooms with enormously impressive bathrooms. In each of the closets were two ultra-plush Myra Hotel robes. The boys began undressing, stripping down to their underwear and wrapping the soft robes around themselves, forgetting all about having to go back down to retrieve their luggage. 

        After the initial overview, the group disbanded, each journeying to little sections of the room to check out things. From the bathroom, Jake yelled out, "Holy shit! Come check this out!"

        The three of them stopped what they were doing and journeyed into the bathroom. Aside from the shower, steam shower and bathtub that more closely resembled a hot tub, there was a private room, complete with a toilet featuring a heated seat and a bidet. 

        "I'm never wiping Mark's ass again. Why didn't we think of this in the first place?"

        "Dude," Mark said. "That's amazing." They watched, wide eyed, as Jake pushed the button, sending a stream of water from the bottom of the bowl, up and over the rim and splashing on the tile floor. 

        "Dude, I cannot wait to get a case of the drop-offs!" Jake said. Laughter filled the bathroom.

        "Come on, guys, we need to get the luggage," Brad said.

        "Aw man, you mean we need to get dressed?"
        
        "Nope, as far as I know, in Vegas, you can do anything. Let's go in our robes."

        "Right on," Jake said, still in wonderment over the magical toilet. 

        They helped Mark to the sofa, handed him the remote and walked out the door. They reached the casino floor, walking out amongst the sea of people without feeling the slightest bit of shame about being barely clothed. They walked outside and down to the parking garage without so much as catching another's gaze in their direction. They untied the rope from the van, pulled the tarp off and grabbed the three suitcases from the top. They grabbed Mark's suitcase and medicine bag from inside the van, replacing the empty spot with the wadded up tarp and rope, then began their walk back to the hotel. 

        When they returned, Mark was still sitting on the sofa, mindlessly swimming the channels. 

        "Welp," Daniel said, "I am ready for a nap. How 'bout you guys?"

        "Agreed," Brad said. "Two beds, two sofas. Mark, you get a bed of course and-"

        "Actually," Mark interrupted, "I'm perfect right here. This sofa is amazing."

        "You sure?"

        "Positive. I'll take a bed tomorrow night. We can switch off."

        "Alright,'' Brad said, not bothering to remind his friend they only had the room for one night. ''I'll take the other sofa then, you two can have the beds."

        "Cool," Jake said, removing his robe, revealing his still cut-up stomach and singed thighs. "Night suckas, see you in when the sun goes down and the excitement rises."

        Brad hit the button on the wall controlling all the rooms' gadgets, sending the curtains closed and blocking out all sunlight. When everyone was settled, each room had a television on and glassy-eyed man child lying listlessly in front of it. Eventually, they each began to doze off.

        Nightfall came and the gang started waking up. Jake was first, for the first time ever, followed by Brad and Daniel. Mark continued to sleep soundly on his sofa, a rerun of The Simpsons playing on the television before him. 

        "Let him sleep," Brad said. "We can get ready quietly. You guys can shower first. I can wait. No biggie."

        "Alright," Jake said, "I'm going to try out that steam shower. Seems pretty badass. First I'm going to sit down to take a leak, though. Hello heated toilet seat!"

        "What an idiot," Daniel said. "Actually, wait. Yeah, I'll do that, too." They each retreated to their respective bathrooms and closed the doors. Brad returned to his sofa and flipped through the channels until he found The Simpsons. Mark began coughing loudly from the other room.

        Brad got up to go check on him. He was still sleeping but coughing wildly. The coughs sounded different, though. Before they always seemed dry and painful. These coughs seemed moist and phlegmy. He did not know if this was a good sign or bad. He got the medicine ready, laid it out on the table in front of where Mark napped, and sat down beside him, half watching the TV, half watching Mark. 

        Jake emerged from the bathroom with a towel tied around his waist. Somehow his burns managed to look worse before they were clean. 

        "Dude, those things look brutal. Do they still hurt?"

        "They're more annoying than anything. The cuts on my feet hurt the most just because they won't seem to heal. I've had bloody socks every day since we started this shindig. He still sleeping?"

        "Yeah. He started coughing pretty badly a few minutes ago. Gross wet coughs, not like his normal old lady coughs. Don't know what that means. Keep on an eye on him while I shower?"

        "Of course. Check out the steam shower first, though. It takes a few minutes to get going but once it does, its badass."

        "Will do. Thanks." Brad walked in to bathroom, shut the door and undressed. He stepped in to the steam shower and was instantly confused by it. He began turning the knobs. "Come on, man. If fucking Jacob can figure this out, you can." He fucked around with the knobs randomly for two more minutes then just gave up. He stepped out of the steaming area and into the shower proper. While washing his hair, the steam began to shoot out from the vents. "Fuckin finally. Shit."

        In the living room, Jake sat watching The Simpsons while Mark lay coughing next to him. He was unsure if he should wake him up or let him sleep. He eventually decided to wake him. He put his hand on his shoulder and gently shook. "Hey buddy, wake up. You're coughing real bad."

        "I'm going...-"

        "What dude? You're going? Oh fuck. Dude, are you okay? Wake up." He shook harder. Mark mumbled something Jake couldn't understand, then rolled over on his back, his eyes flickering open. "You're going where, dude?"

        His eyes opening and shutting, he asked, "What?"

        "You said 'I'm going...' Going where? Are you okay?"

        "I'm fine. I was dreaming I guess." He rubbed his eyes, clearing the crusted up pieces of sleep away. He continued to cough. Daniel came out to join them.

        "You okay, dude?" Daniel asked.

        "I'm fine. I need some water."

        "You got it." Daniel walked to the bar and got a glass. "You know what, I'm going to walk to the ice machine. You love your ice."

        "Oh man, that sounds great. Thanks."

        Daniel grabbed the ice bucket and his keycard and walked out the door.

        "What kind of medicine do you need?" Jake asked.

        "I don't know. I don't feel awful, it's just the cough. It's brutal."

        "It sounds brutal. Brad's in the shower. He'll know what to give you. Just hold up for a few more minutes."

        "No sweat."

        They heard the door unlock and in walked Daniel.

        "Shit man, that was fast."

        "Ice machine was right next door. They don't want the penthouse people to walk, apparently." He grabbed a glass and filled it to the brim with ice, snapped open a bottle of water and poured it in. "Here ya go."

        Mark sat up and took his water. "Thanks."

        "You're welcome. Let's check out this view," Daniel said and he pressed the OPEN CURTAINS button on the wall. The drapes parted to reveal a vivid cornucopia of scintillant fluorescent setting the night's sky ablaze with its lambent effervescence. The three of them looked on in wonder as the city below them came alive before them. 

        Brad came out wearing his shorts, toweling dry his short black hair, becoming awestruck at the surprising sight. "Good God, it's lighter now than it was in the day time." He walked to the window and looked down upon the city. "That is quite the sight, isn't it. Now I know why everyone wants to come here."

        "Yeah, seeing it in the movies really doesn't do it justice, does it?" Daniel said.

        "No. Not at all."

        Mark began coughing again, moisture flecking his hand as he covered his mouth. "Shit. They're never usually this wet. Gross."

        "Let's get you some medicine, homes." Brad said as he picked up some bottles. "I really have no idea what you should take for the cough, though."

        "Give me half a dose of the regular morphine. It won't knock me out and it helps me breath."

        "You sure?"

        "I'm sure. Trust me. I really want to go downstairs and check some stuff out."

        "Alright man." He opened the bottle and pulled out the dropper, filling it half way. Mark opened his mouth and lifted his tongue. Brad squeezed the plunger and the morphine dripped out. "There buddy. How about a bath before we go out?"

        "Not a bad idea. All of us can fit in that tub."

        "Let me get a few drinks in me first," Jake said, causing everyone to laugh again. He bent over and picked up Mark, Daniel helping. Brad went into the bathroom and started the water in the tub.

        "Dude," Brad said, "wait til you see all the bath salts and shit they have in here." Not knowing anything about such luxuries, Brad opened them all and dumped them in the water. They stripped down Mark and stood with him while the water filled the room.

        "Hey look, Mr. Happy looks a little happier today," Jake said.

        "Why are you looking at my junk?"

        "Dude," Daniel said, "this has got to be the most penis-filled trip a group a straight dudes have ever taken. Ever. In history. Brad, you're next, stud."

        "Like Jake said, let me get a few drinks in me."

        "Good lord," Mark said, "this conversation took an awkward turn. I'm naked in a room of dudes and I'm the least gay one. How does this even work?" Laughter again. Brad turned the water off and all three of them helped Mark in. "This water smells like fancy vagina."

        "You're welcome," Brad said.

        When everyone was dressed, they loaded Mark back into his wheelchair and headed down to the casino. Brad hit up the ATM Machine and took out his maximum of one-thousand dollars. He checked the time on his phone. It was nine pm. He guessed, in two hours, it would be midnight in Omaha and he would be able to get out more money. The grand would have to do for now. He was here to send his friend out in style. He was working with, pretty much, free money. It was time to have fun. He handed two one-hundred dollar bills to each of his friends. "This is to get us started. More to come in a few hours if we need it. Much more to come tomorrow afternoon if I can find a BofA."

        "You sure, man?" Jake asked.

        "Yeah, you don't have to give us money," Daniel added.

        "Fuck that. It's time to have fun. Who wants to hit the strip?"

        "I do," Mark said, still fending off his cough. 

        "Great, let's try not to stay outside for too long though. You don't have any blankets or anything."

        They hit the exit and walked out to the brightly illuminated strip. They had no idea even which direction to walk. It was all too much to take in. 

        "Which way, Marcus?" Jake asked as he pushed the wheelchair.

        "Um. Right?"

        "Right it is, my good sir." Jake rocked the chair back on its two rear wheels, popping a wheelie for Mark, then turned right and began walking. They came across the statue of liberty.

        "Dude, this shit is crazy," Mark said. "Look, there is a castle across the street. And a pyramid. Let's go to the castle."

        "Sounds good," Brad said, and off they walked. They took the elevator up to raised walkway, entered New York, New York, cut through the corner of the casino, past Coyote Ugly and out the other side, where they crossed another walkway and stepped onto a moving sidewalk, carrying them away to the fictitious Camelot.

        This casino, they noticed, was far less occupied than the Myra. They all agreed to stay here a while and press their luck. They strolled down to the casino and took a look around. They didn't even know where to begin.

        "What do you guys want to play?" Mark asked.

        "It's up to you, bro."

        "Shit, um. Well, the only thing I know how to play is blackjack."

        "Blackjack it is, then!" They strutted around the playing floor for a few minutes, trying to find a table with enough available seats to fit them. They finally found one. It was low enough for Mark to stay in his wheelchair, so Jake removed a chair and pushed him up to the table, then they each took their seats around him. 

        The dealer welcomed them and they each greeted him back. His name tag gave his name as Danny, From Las Vegas. "Hey, that's my name, too."

        "What a coincidence,'' the dealer said, flatly. ''Are you going to buy some chips or...?"

        "Oh yeah, sorry. We're from out of town."

        "You don't say?"

        Everyone reached into their pockets and removed their cash. Brad attempted to hand the dealer his money before sharply being told he must lay it on the felt. "My bad. Geez, sorry."

        When everyone had their chips, they laid down their first bet. No one had any clue what to do. They all ended up losing. A waitress came around, asking if anyone wanted drinks. Brad ordered a vodka red bull, Daniel a bud light and Jake a Newcastle. Daniel asked for a bottle of water and a cup of ice. Brad opened his wallet and asked how much the drinks would be.

        "Honey," the waitress said, "they're complimentary if you're playin'."

        "They're free?" Daniel asked with surprise.

        "Feel free to tip me, though," she said as she walked back to the bar. 

        "No fucking way, dude," Jake said. "Free drinks! Fuck yeah. Perhaps there is a heaven!"

        The dealer was growing wearisome of his table of players. "Would anyone actually like to place a bet or shall we just chit chat and use curse words?"

        "Oh shit, sorry bro."

        They set out their bets and all lost again, this time not even getting a chance to play. The dealer flipped over a blackjack. Brad wasn't sure, but he thought he saw the dealer smirk a bit. Asshole, he thought.

        "Well, this isn't very much fun," Jake said. "We need free drinks, stat!"

        The time passed quickly. What had seemed to be around thirty minutes was, in reality, three hours. The free drinks had been coming at a steady pace and their luck had fluctuated nicely, allowing them all to stay in the game on the hundred dollars they each set out. Dealers had been shuffled around several times. All of them friendly, except the one they started with.

        Brad hadn't realized just how drunk he was when Danny Dealer made his rounds back to their table and began dealing their cards again. Brad had become on fire. Winning multiple hands in a row and being too drunk to care about his recklessly large bets.

        "Hey Denny! Why don't you serve me up a decent hand for a change!" Brad yelled.

        "Dude," Mark whispered, "His name is Danny. Just like our friend. Danny. Not Denny. And he is making you a shit ton of money."

        "Fuckin DENNY! God!" Brad said, with unwarranted rage as the dealer had just dealt him his third 21 in a row. His friends tried to explain to him that he was winning. A lot. Brad didn't care though. For some reason, he just hated this dealer.

        "Hey DENNY! How about you give me a grand slam breakfast instead of all these shitfuck hands you've been pawning off on me! DENNY!"

        "How about you give me a tip, you cheap, drunk bastard?"

        Everyone's faces around the table recoiled in shock.

        Brad marched on. "Oh man, Denny wants to talk some shit, huh Denny? Maybe I'd tip you if you'd throw me some decent cards for a change, DENNY!"

        "I've made you several thousand dollars."

        "Oh whoopty woo, several thousand, huh Denny? Here Denny, here's five dollars, DENNY!" Brad grabbed a red chip and rolled it along the felt.

        Brad's friends, while also drunk, excluding Mark, really wanted to get up and leave, get some food, but recognized his ludicrous winning streak. They kept telling each other one more hand, one more hand, but he just kept winning. And, God damn it, it was making them laugh. Hard. 

        "Come on, DENNY! Show me what you got. I think...You think, you're so bett-er than me. Well, come on, DENNY!"

        Danny Dealer turned to Mark, the only sober one, and said, "This guy is a real fucking asshole."

        "He has his moments," Mark replied.

        "What's that Denny? What about my asshole?"

        "Okay, bro, it's time to go," Daniel said. Out of politeness to the dealer, all of them were doing their best not to laugh, but containing it proved to demand quite the effort. Once they were up from the table and had gathered all of Brad's thousands and thousands of dollars' worth of chips, all of them started cracking up hysterically. Hard, tear inducing laughter.

        "Come on, man, we need to get some food," Jake said, slurring his words. "There is a buffet upstairs. Le's goooooo." He grabbed the handles of the wheelchair and they maneuvered their way onto the escalator, getting off on the second floor which was mainly filled with restaurants and mock-carnival games. 

        "How about The Roundtable Buffet?" Daniel asked.

        "Yeah, fine with me," Jake said, heading towards the restaurant straight ahead. Jake was about to order four plates when Brad barged in front of him.
        
        "I got this one, ladies. FOUR!" He yelled to the cashier, perhaps a decibel or two too loud. 

        "Okay sir, that will be eighty-eight dollars," the girl told him.

        "No! I said FOUR!"

        "Yes. Four. I can hear, sir. Eighty-eight dollars."

        "No. FOUR!" Brad said sloppily, while lamely attempting to hold up four fingers.

        "Jesus Christ," Jake said, stealing Brad's wallet from his back pocket and removing a hundred dollar bill.

        "Here you go. Pardon him. He's a bit...lost."

        "Sadly, I have dealt with worse. Much much worse," the cashier said, handing Jake a receipt. "Keep this on your table, okay."

        "You got it, darlin. Thanks."

        The four of them made their way through the maze of line barriers, Mark and his driver having quite a bit of difficulty managing the maneuvers, before realizing there was a bypass line for wheelchairs. "Oh well," Mark said.

        They reached the buffet tables which proved to be just about the largest gathering of food any of them had ever laid their eyes on. Two massively long rows, each double sided, which came to a T at the end, jetting off in both directions with even more food. They each grabbed a tray, save for Mark whose small plate shared a tray with Daniel, and began working their way down the chow line. By the time they made it back to their table, each had a piled-high plate with seemingly-random, eclectic selections of food. 

        Mark picked at the fruit he had chosen, while the others, brains still quite unbalanced from their inebriation, dug in like pigs. "Anyone else find it kinda funny that in a place called The Roundtable Buffet, every single table is rectangle?" Jake asked.

        "Eating. Shu'p," Brad said, shoveling a heaping forkful of turkey and mashed potatoes down his gullet. "Hey what the fuck?"

        "What?" Daniel asked.

        Brad took a moment to respond. He had become transfixed on a foursome sitting at a booth near them. "This bitch," he said, his eyes still locked on the booth. "This bitch is staring at me!" Everyone turned. Sure enough, one of the ladies, who appeared to be in her late fifties, was staring right at Brad for some reason. Jake had just taken a rather generous bite of his turkey right when Brad slammed his fist down on the table causing all the dishes to rattle, then pointed straight at the woman and yelled "Yeah! This bitch right here! Yeah, you!"

        Laughter broke out at their table with their friend's outburst. Jake tried hard to swallow his food before allowing himself to give in to the hysterics, but he failed miserably. The half-chewed turkey in his mouth had begun its journey down to his stomach, traveling south, when it was suddenly blocked by his attempt to stifle a giggle, thus causing it to change its direction, begin traveling upwards through his sinuses and come shooting free out of both nostrils. The rocketed chunks of slobber-and-booger-glazed turkey landed dead center on Daniel's plate. Mark was the only one who noticed, causing his already painful laughter to grow more prominent. Jake quickly turned his attention back to the stunned woman sitting at the booth.

        "Seriously," Daniel asked, "what the fuck is she looking at?"

        "Look away, lady!" Brad yelled. "Just look away. Don't make me punch that guy you're with! I will do it!"

        Mark knew fully well that he should have put an end to it. The fact that he pretty much refused to only temporarily made him feel bad. It was actually taken over quite quickly with a sudden, euphoric feeling. It almost made him feel alive. Healthy. He continued to watch and laugh as the entire scene unfolded before him, including the moment when Daniel took a bite of Jake's snot food, realizing much too late that something was wrong. When the foursome from the booth eventually grabbed their plates and moved to another table on the other side of the restaurant, he was so exhausted from the laughter he could barely sit up straight or hold his eyes open. He didn't want to ruin everyone's night by asking to go back to the hotel, but he feared if he stayed much longer his pain would return. He just wanted a bed. He was about to speak up when a manager came to their table and, rather rudely, escorted them off the premises, telling them they were lucky he didn't call the cops.

        "More like, YOU'RE LUCKY!" Brad yelled, making no sense whatsoever.

        "Fucking children," the manager said, now being escorted by three large security guards. "Grow up, gentlemen."

        "Don't touch my friend, fucknards!" Brad yelled to a guard who, apparently, had stepped a little too close to Mark's wheelchair. "He's dying of cancer, you fat fuck! And this is how you treat him! By throwing us out! Fuck you, you neckless roll of dog cock!"

        "Dude, calm down," Mark said quietly, still feeling exhausted and now quite embarrassed. Or was it ridiculous happiness? He wasn't quite sure.

        After leaving the building, they walked to the strip and hung a left, heading back to their hotel. "What the hell do I do with my pocket full of...kryptonite, owwwww!"

        "What?" Daniel asked.

        "Chips. I mean, my chizips, negro!"

        "We'll go back tomorrow and cash them in. I think I heard someone say you can cash them in at other casinos, too. We'll see. Walking is hard. Shee-it."

        "Yeah man, I'm beat. I can't even feel my legs," Jake said. "I think I drank a wee-bit too much."

        "Le's get more drink for th'walk," Brad mumbled.

        "Yeah, alright,'' Daniel said as he ducked into a convenience store they happened to be passing. "Wait here. I got this. Marcus, water?"

        "Please," he answered softly, barely staying awake. Daniel returned moments later with a plastic bag. He reached in, grabbed Mark's water, twisted the cap off and handed it to him. "Thanks."

        "No sweat. For the rest of you assholes I got some drink called Four Locos. No idea what it is but it sounded funny. Here you go, ese." He passed the cans off. 

        Jake was the first to take a swig. "Oh god, it tastes like someone drank a bunch of Tang and then pissed it in to this can!"

        "Oh yeah?" Brad asked, popping the top on his and taking a gulp. "Hey, it does!" Despite the objections to its taste, they all three polished off their cans on the way back. Once back at The Myra, the earth seemed to be shuffling beneath their feet. Whatever was in a Four Loco, while foul tasting, had fucked them up. Badly. They stumbled towards the elevator, Brad actually running into the security guard blocking their way.

        "Oh shizzz, sorry son. We gots to gets to our roooooooom."

        "I'm going to need to see your key, sir." The guard instructed. 

        "I got my key riiiii here!" Brad said, digging deep into this pocket, spilling out several hundred dollar chips before successfully fishing out the object of his search. He held the key card up for the guard to see then licked the backside of it, for no real reason at all. The guard undid the rope, a disgusted look on his face, and let the group pass. Mark was fast asleep despite the fact he had been steered into a wall on more than one occasion since the Four Locos had hit home on Daniel. 

        They traveled upwards, eventually arriving at their room. They lifted Mark from his chair and laid him in bed then they each gravitated to the closest available source of comfort.

        Mark woke himself up soon after being placed in bed. His cough was agonizing. He felt weak, the weakest he'd felt in a while. A few times throughout the night he was almost sure death was imminent. His throat hurt worse and worse with each passing bark. It was bone dry. He could feel his inflated uvula stuck to the roof of his mouth. He could produce no moisture to release it. He began to taste blood. He coughed more and more, the bitter sapor of blood growing stronger. He looked at his pillowcase. It was spotted with flecks of crimson so dark it looked black in the low light of the room. He reached clumsily towards the bottle of water sitting on the nightstand. It was just out of reach. He rolled to his side, the pain surging through his body like an electrocution, to further his reach. With the tip of his fingers he limply grabbed the bottle. He was too weak to keep his grasp and the bottle fell to the floor, spilling the water on the plush beige carpet below. 

        This is it, he thought. This is how I die. In a Las Vegas hotel room so close to our destination. 

        His eyes slammed slut as the imposing light flashed on. He heard voices but they were far off. He felt hands on him. Whose, he did not know. His coughing continued, each one more painful than the last. Blood dripping down his throat. Blood escaping via his parted lips. He began to choke. A foreign liquid had begun rolling down his esophagus. His face was wet. Someone was pouring water in his mouth.

        Brad was on the bed, both knees on either side of Mark, holding him down while Jake poured the water into Mark's mouth. Both of their faces were flecked with blood spots. Daniel was in the bathroom getting a washcloth. When he returned, he placed the damp towel on Mark's forehead. He had been sweating profusely. 

        "Hold on, buddy." Brad yelled. 

        "Come on, man, it'll be okay. Just swallow the water," Jake said, being careful not to pour too much at one time. 

        "Dude, Danny, I need the morphine. He's coughing and having trouble breathing. That'll open up his lungs."

        "Shit man. Shit. Okay. Is...Is this it?"

        "I don't know, man! Just get the fucking morphine."

        "Please don't die, dude," Jake pleaded. "Come on, man. We're going to the beach. We can go today if you want. You just have to stay with us."

        "Yeah man, you don't want to die in a Las Vegas hotel room. You're not a cheap hooker or a drug addict."

        "Or mob affiliated," Jake added.

        "Yeah. Or mob affiliated. You're not allowed to die here!"

        Daniel came rushing in from the other room with a bottle of morphine. "What do I do?"

        "Fill the whole plunger up; who cares? Squeeze it under his tongue, or as close as possible. Should work really fast." Mark kept coughing as he tried to swallow the water. Brad's face was dripping with diluted blood. Daniel placed the plunger in Mark's mouth and squeezed. "Don't give him any more water. Let the medicine work."

        Jake backed away. "Okay man. Hope it works." His face was streamed with tears. He used the back of his sleeve to wipe them away. He felt helpless, standing there in the bedroom with his back to the window, waiting for something to happen. Anything. Mark seemed to calm a bit. Brad swung his leg around removing the improvised barricade and stepped off the bed. Daniel was still standing over Mark, in total shock. He didn't know if he succeeded or if he fucked everything up and killed his best friend. They waited silently. Staring at their friend. A sliver of light peered into the room. It was morning. They were supposed to check out today.

        "Thank you," Mark said softly. Brad broke out in tears. He made no effort to conceal them.

        "Fuck man, why did you scare us like that?!"

        "Am I dead?"

        "No, thank goodness. You are not dead."

        "Jesus dude, you about gave me a heart attack," Jake said.

        "Me too," Daniel said, still hovering, glassy-eyed over the bed.

        "I think I saw my parents."

        Brad laughed a nervous, happy chuckle. "Oh yeah?"

        "I think so." He clenched his eyes shut then opened them, hoping to regain focus. Brad's face came clear first. "What the hell happened to you? You're bleeding."

        Brad wiped his face with the back of his hand, noticing the red smears across it. "No, I'm not. You were. You scared the living shit out of us. How are you feeling?"

        "Like death."

        "Can you move?"

        "I don't want to."

        "Okay, you just rest then. As soon as you feel up to it we're going to get you bathed and change your clothes. You coughed up a whole lot of blood."

        "Just give me a few minutes."

        "Take your time. We're not leaving this room."

        "Guys?"

        "Yeah buddy?" Jake asked.

        "I'm a mess."

        "Yes," Brad said. "Yes you are."

        Mark could feel a moist, warm sensation below his waist. He hoped it wasn't we he thought it was. "I think I may have shit..."

        "I know, man." Brad said. "It's okay. Like I said, we're going to get you cleaned up just as soon as you're ready."

        "I pulled a Jake."

        "What?"

        "Nothing."

        "Hey!" Jake said. "Jerkface."

        Mark smiled and fell back into darkness.

        Brad collapsed in the corner chair and relieved a heavy sigh. Jake slid down the wall and sat on the carpet. Daniel had yet to move. Still standing near the bed holding the bottle of morphine. Petrified. "Well, there's a cure for a hangover. Jesus."

        "Right?" Brad said. "I thought I was going to have a heart attack. I thought that was it for sure."

        "Me too," Jake said.

        "What did he mean he pulled a Jake?"

        "Um. No idea." Jake circled his ear with his index finger and said, "Cuckoo."

        Brad patted his knees with his hands then stood up. "Welp, I've got a few calls to make. I promised Jen I'd check in with her today and I need to call the lobby and rent this room out for another night. He is not going anywhere today."

        "Okay man, we'll keep a watch on him," Daniel said.

        "Take a load off, man, you're giving me anxiety." Brad left the room and walked to the office area. He picked up the hotel's phone and was connected with the front desk.

        "Good morning Mr. Augustine," a friendly woman's voice answered.

        "Hi. Yes. I'm in the penthouse. I forget the number..."

        "Yes sir, I have your information right here. What can I help you with?"

        "Yeah, we've had a bit of a problem up here and we won't be able to leave today. We need to rent the room for another night."

        "I'm sorry, sir, you're room is already booked for tonight. I'd be happy to relocate you to a different room."

        "Negative. We have someone very, very sick up here. We can't move him. It was unexpected. He is sleeping and there is no way we can move him. We cannot leave this room. I'm really sorry. You have my credit card on file, do whatever you need to do. We absolutely will not be checking out tonight. Upgrade the other guy to a better room on my dime, if you need to. I don't care."

        "Sir, all our upgrades are booked as well. We have to relocate-"

        "I don't care what you do. I'm sorry for being rude but we will not be leaving. Also, we need new linens." Brad hung up. He felt like a prick for getting short with the woman on the line, but he didn't have time to dwell. He found his iPhone plugged into the wall, grabbed it and dialed his wife. 

        In the bedroom, Jake flipped on the television, turning the volume down low, and swam the channels looking for absolutely anything even remotely entertaining to watch. Something funny, he hoped.

        Mark coughed and opened his eyes again. "It feels like someone is standing on my chest," he wheezed.

        Jake and Daniel stood up and walked to the bed. "What'd you say, dude?" Jake asked.

        "I'm having trouble breathing," he said, barely above a whisper.

        "How about we get you in the steam shower?" Daniel asked.

        "I'm too weak to move."

        "We'll get you there."

        "I'll go fire it up," Jake said, striding towards the bathroom. Daniel pulled the covers back on Mark to discover the brown mess near his waste and far more blood specks than he noticed before.

        "Shit."

        "Sorry," Mark whispered.

        "No, no. That's not what I meant. Sorry." Daniel grabbed Mark's sweatpants and underwear and pulled them slowly, leaving streaks of dark brown along the way. It didn't bother him though. Somehow, someway, he knew he was doing what he had to do. Something he never thought he would be able to do. "We need to get these sheets off, too. When you get out of the shower you can sleep in the other bed."

        Mark didn't answer. He just continued to lie there, motionless. Embarrassed at his situation. I should have just died in a hospital, he thought. Save everyone the trouble of going through this. "I'm sorry."

        "Don't be sorry."

        Jake returned from the bathroom, the sound of the steam shower filling the air. "Brad, we need your help," he called out.

        In the office, Brad shot up from his seat, telling his wife he had to go real fast and he would call her soon. They said their I Love Yous and Brad ended the call, running into the bedroom. 

        The bed was a disaster, stained with runny shit and spots of blood. In the center there was Mark, naked. It was a horrible sight. Brad was devastated to see his friend like this.

        "We're going to take him into the steam shower. He's having trouble breathing."

        "Okay. You okay with that, Marcus?"

        He answered by slightly nodding his head forward.

        "Alright then. Let's get this done." He walked to the other side of the bed and reached for Mark's right arm. Jake took the left and they slowly lifted Mark to an upright position. The pain was excruciating. He groaned loudly in agony. When Daniel hooked his arms under Mark's armpits, the pain grew too intense to bear and he blacked out, slouching forward.

        "Oh shit! What happened?" Daniel asked, panicked.

        "Shit, he blacked out," Brad said. "Okay, let's just get this done A.S.A.F.P.!"

        Daniel leaned forward into the dark mess of the bed and pulled Mark to his feet, holding him vertical while Brad came around and grabbed his feet. Together they lifted him into the bathroom. Jake ripped the sheets from the bed and rolled them into a ball in the center of the mattress. He stripped the pillowcases off and threw them in the pile then took the pillows into the bathroom.

        Jake, taking a shortcut to the shower by stepping in the bathtub then hopping out on the opposite side, opened the shower door, threw the pillows in, then entered, clearing the path for the other three. They carefully carried Mark in and set him on one of the pillows Jake had thrown on the tile bench seat. Jake had to step into the adjoining shower to make room for the other guests. 

        The steam was shooting from the vents, fogging up all the glass in the bathroom. Daniel, Brad and Jake, now inside the steam shower and regular shower, situated Mark comfortably on the seat and closed the door. 

        "What a sight this must be from an outsider," Brad said, giggling at the thought of three fully clothed men taking a steam with one sleeping, naked man.

        "Totally straight," Jake said, causing more laughter. 

        "Damn bro, this is harder than I thought," Daniel said, talking over the hissing sound of the steam. "I mean- I did okay, right?"

        "Dude, you did great," Brad said. "I'm proud of you. If you can handle this, you can take on anything."

        "I was thinking...ya know, about what Mark said the other night. About us all being lost, needing to be found."

        "Yeah?"

        "Yeah. When we, ya know, get back home...I think. I mean, I am going to the courts or whatever. I need to start paying child support for my daughter. Even if Aub still refuses to see me, I want to do it. It's...-"

        "Dude, that's amazing."

        "Yeah, man, that's great. Now I don't want to kick your ass so badly," Jake said.

        "So says the man that fucked the fat girl to throw up a diversion for the rest of us to steal a terminal cancer patient and a bag full of drugs."

        "Meh, whatevs. Just sayin, I'm proud of you. We all are."

        "Thanks. Maybe soon she'll let me back into their lives. What the fuck was I thinking?"

        "I don't know, man."

        "I wasn't thinking. I was being fucking selfish and childish. Like always. I fucked up. Bad, bro. "

        "Yeah, you did. But you're making the right move now."

        "Shit like this, ya know, it puts stuff in perspective."

        Mark coughed. It sounded much wetter than the previous ones. Everyone stopped talking, hearts beating fast, waiting for whatever would come next. Mark opened his eyes. He was confused. For a moment, he thought he was in the clouds. Brad noticed the look of confusion on his face. "We're here dude."

        Mark looked around, noticing he was naked in a room full of fully clothed men, sitting on a pillow in his own feces. It was hot. What he mistook as a cloud was steam. He had no idea where he was, why he was there, or what the fuck was going on.

        "You're in the steam shower, remember bro?" Daniel said.

        "Yeah," Jake said. "We just kinda, ya know, decided to hang out with you."

        "This is pretty gay, guys."

        "Yeah, so?"

        "So nothin. Thank you."

        "Close call back there, dude," Brad said. "We thought we were going to lose you. How's the breathing?"

        "Better."

        "Good. We're going to give you a bath after this. We thought the steam would help you breath."

        Mark nodded.

        "I'll go get the water running in the tub," Daniel said, opening the door and exiting the steam shower. When the door closed and the bath water running, Brad leaned in to Mark and told him the good news about Daniel. Marks shoulders went slack, his eyes closed and a smile formed on his face.

        When they finished bathing him and dressing him in clean pajamas, Daniel carried Mark into the other bedroom and tucked him in. Jake made a glass of ice water and set it on the nightstand, while Brad wadded up the soiled linen and threw them in the bathtub, running hot water over them.
       
        When everyone reconvened in the bedroom, Mark asked, "Aren't we supposed to leave today?"

        "Don't worry about that. We're going to stay until you are ready to go."

        "I want you guys to go have a nice dinner tonight, or something. Without me."

        "Well, that's not going to happen."

        "Please. I'll be fine. I'll have my phone on me. I just want you guys to go have fun without having to worry about me."

        "We'll talk about that later, man," Jake said. "Right now, you just get your sleep."

        Mark closed his eyes and the others left him in peace. In the living room, the tone grew somber. "I don't think he's going to last much longer," Brad said.

        "I know. You think that's why he wants us to leave tonight? Does he know?"

        "This sucks," Daniel said. "Did we do the right thing? He's in pain. He should be in a hospital."

        "Well, it's too late to worry about that," Brad said. "We need to respect his wishes though. Whatever he wants."

        "This is too hard."

        "I know it is."

        They sat silently on the sofa, staring mindlessly at the television, hardly saying a word to each other. Outside the sun was making its descent out of sight as the bright lights of Las Vegas began burning up the night sky once again. In the bedroom, Mark's phone began vibrating boisterously on the glass-topped nightstand. Daniel bolted upright and dashed into the room, snagging the phone from the table quickly as to not wake Mark. He carried it out into the living room area, still ringing. 

        "Shit. It's Samantha."

        "What the fuck does that whore want?" Brad asked.

        "How should I know?"

        "Answer it," Jake said.

        Daniel slid his finger across the Answer bar on the iPhone and held it to his ear. "Hello?"

        "Danny?" Samantha's soft voice did nothing but further Daniel's lividity. 

        "Yeah."

        "Where's Mark?" She began crying like a blubbering idiot. Daniel wished she was standing in front of him so he could slap her like the bitch she was. 

        "He's asleep."

        "Oh my god, I just heard what happened. I'm so sorry."

        "Save your sorries for someone who gives a rat's fat ass, Samantha."

        Her crying grew louder. "Don't be like that. Please let me talk to him."

        Daniel lowered his voice. He didn't want to take the chance of Mark hearing him.  In his enraged whisper he said, "Fuck you, bitch. You don't deserve to talk to him and even more so, he doesn't deserve to have to talk to you! You think you can just walk out on him when he fucking needed you the most and you can make an eleventh hour call to clear your conscience?" She was sobbing wildly now. "Fuck you. You're wrong, you selfish whore. I hope you fucking die alone, just like how you left my best friend." He hit the end call button and tossed the phone onto the sofa. "What fucking nerve. You believe that shit?"

        "What'd she want?"

        "She 'just heard' and wanted to talk to him. Where does she get the balls?"

        "Good job, though," Jake said. "You really stuck it in and broke it off. Go Danny!"

        "Thanks." They heard loud gurgling sounds from the bedroom. "Was that his stomach?"

        Jake and Brad shot straight up from their seats and rushed into the bedroom with Daniel to survey the situation. Mark was awake.

        "Hey bro, how you feelin?" Daniel asked.

        "I'm okay," he whispered. "I'll be fine."

        "What can we get you, dude?" Brad asked.

        "I'll take some ice if it's handy."

        "You got it. I'll go grab some," Jake said, leaving the room.

        "Hey," Mark said. "I think I'm just going to sleep tonight. I'm really tired."

        "That's fine, buddy," Brad said. "Not a problem at all."

        "But I want you guys to go downstairs for a while. Go have a fun night in Vegas without having to worry about your stupid sick friend. Go get some dinner, throw a few cards."

        "You're out of your mind if you think we're leaving you here."

        "Guys. I'm fine. I promise. I'll have my phone on me at all times. If anything happens, all I have to do is press a button and say your name and Siri will call you. Just stay in the hotel."

        "Nope. Not happening, bro," Daniel said as Jake returned with a cup of ice. 

        "What's not happening?"

        "Mark wants to stay here and sleep while we go downstairs and have fun."

        "Oh."

        "I promise I will be fine. I'm not sending you away so I can die. If I wanted to die alone I wouldn't have come on this trip. Remember? It really would just mean a lot to me if you guys had a fun night out. Just one of you stay semi-sober. That's all I ask. Oh, and have your phones on you at all time. Please?"

        Daniel, Brad and Jake exchanged curious glances at each other.

        "Fine," Brad said. "We won't be gone long though and you better call us if ANYTHING happens. Fucking swear to me. I don't care if it's a cough or a boner, you call us!"

        "I promise. Just go have fun." His body was shutting down. His vision was severely impaired. It was his time to go. He could feel it in his bones and in the hollowness of his insides. He was embarrassed about what may happen. He didn't know if death would take him peacefully or harshly. If he wept in pain, he didn't want that to be the final memory his friends had of him. He would try  to hold on for as long as possible but the feeling in his aching gut told him it was a futile encumbering. 

        "We're going to make it to the beach, you know," Daniel told him.

        "I hope so," Mark replied. "I truly do."

        "Don't worry," Brad said. "We will. I promise."

        "I can't wait. I mean that. In fact, I want to get there more than anything." After a brief period of silence, Mark encouraged them to go, again. They agreed. 

        Daniel, Brad and Jake got dressed and made sure everything was set up for Mark and within his reach, then took the elevator to the casino level and exited, a pit in each of their stomachs.

        "He's right," Jake said, finally breaking a much-too-long silence. "If he wanted to die alone he wouldn't be here with us. He's just tired and wants peace and quiet."

        "I hope you're right," Daniel said.

        "Me too. Me too." They stood there in silence for a moment before Jake started back up. ''Hey, I heard someone talking downstairs about some guy here last week or whatever who accidently killed himself in the closet while he was jerkin' off!"

	''Awesome!'' Brad said, as they all shared a laugh the rest of the trip down.

        They made their way through the grounds, phones firmly grasped in their hands, and headed for a cafe. Upstairs, Mark sat himself up, painfully and scooted towards the edge of the bed. He swung his legs off and used his weak arms to slide himself into his wheelchair. 

        He went into the office area, pushed the chair out of the way and wheeled himself up to the desk. He uncapped a pen and tore off a sheet of paper from the hotel stationary. He composed two letters, stuffed them each into an envelope and addressed them with the help of his phone's contact list. When the envelopes were sealed he picked up the landline and was connected with the front desk.

        "Hi. I have kind of an odd request. Maybe you can help." Each word caused his throat to burn. Writing the letters had exhausted him. He wanted nothing more to crawl back into bed and sleep.

        "Yes sir, I'd be more than happy to assist you."

        "I have two letters that need to be sent out. I am in a wheelchair though and cannot leave the room at the moment. They are quite urgent. I also have no stamps. Is there any way you can send someone up and have him add them to your outgoing mail? There is a credit card on file. Charge whatever you need."

        "That can be arranged, sir. I will send someone momentarily."

        "Thank you so much."

        "Is there anything else I can assist you with today?"

        "That'll do it. Again, thank you."

        "You are welcome, sir, and thank you for staying at The Myra."

        He sat and waited patiently. He wheeled himself near the door. Soon, a man came and took the letters. Mark thanked him and returned to the bedroom. The small task had drained him of every ounce of energy. He rested in his chair at the side of the bed for a moment, trying to work up the strength to get in. He held out his arm and braced it on the nightstand. He used his other arm to push off of the wheelchair's arm rest. He was almost fully to his feet when his vision blurred. His heart felt like it was stopping and he began to sweat. His arms buckled and the wheels of his chair rotated away from him. He fell forward, his forehead crashing into the edge of the nightstand, chipping off a piece of the hard, glass top, before sending his body to the floor. Blood trickled from his head as he lay on the floor unconscious.
I made tonight a memory
I can walk for miles and miles
I left a shadow at her feet
I can see her all alone
The night itself, a reverie
I can dream this out for a while
I keep her lost in lock and key
'Cause she's just my kind of style

She takes my hand and leads me in
It is not over
She sets the mood so I begin
And I walk over
She speaks the word to make me grin
Can I please have her?
We grab a hold to brace the end
This is what I am speaking of

I made tonight a memory
Yeah you took me higher and higher
You make it hard for me to leave
But I'm coming back to you
She takes my hand and leads me in
It is not over
She sets the mood so I begin
And I walk over
She speaks a word to make me grin
Can I please have her
We grab a hold to brace the end
This is what I am speaking of

I crawl my way back in your head
To hear you speak and dream again
To touch your lips from deep within
A bit like love and heroin
I'll cross the grave, invite the bands
Carry you out when the world ends
I'll crash away and lose you when
You're in my arms just like the wind

It's not over, over, over
It's not over, over, over

        Jake, Daniel and Brad finished up their burgers from the American Cafe, paid the bill and walked back out into the casino. Brad pressed the home button on his iPhone to check the time. They had been gone a little over an hour. "Well, what now boys?"

        "Hell if I know," Daniel said with a shoulder shrug.

        "I don't even want to be down here," Jake said. "We should be with Mark."

        "Yeah, I agree," Brad said. "We did what he wanted. We got dinner. Let's head back up."

        "Agreed, Sancho," Daniel said.

        They made their way back through the crowded casino floor, cutting in and out of sexy ladies and drunk flat-billed, tight-t-shirted douchebags, finally reaching the elevators, flashing their keycard and stepping aboard the lift. They exited the elevator on their floor and swiped their key through the lock. They opened the door. 

        "Hey," Jake said, "how pissed would you be to be a black guy with a small dick? Like, all those urban myths and you're the one black dude with the pinky-" He cut off mid-sentence when he realized the room was silent. 

        "He's still sleeping, I guess."

        "Well, we have only been gone an hour, dude."

        Brad smiled, "Oh yeah. I'll go check on him. Let's order a movie or something. TV here stinks." He walked into the bedroom and saw the empty bed. He was confused at first. The wheelchair was still by the bed but Mark was nowhere to be found. Panic immediately began to rise in him. He walked softly towards the bed. "Marcus?"

        When he reached the mattress he could see Mark's foot jetting from the other side of the bed. "Oh fuck me! Guys!" Brad ran around the bed and discovered Mark laying face first on the carpet. He reached out to grab him. "Mark! Oh fuck. Mark!"

        Daniel and Jake came rushing in. "Oh shit!" Jake yelled as they ran around to give Brad a hand. "What happened?"

        "I have no idea." 

        Daniel picked up the wheelchair and tossed it against the wall, making room. "Roll him over."

        They straightened Mark out on the floor and gently rolled him to his back. His forehead was split open. Blood had stopped spilling out and dried in a horizontal line across his brow. "Oh shit, dude," Jake said, panicked. "We shouldn't have left him. Fuck."

        "Is he dead?" Daniel asked quietly.
        
        "I don't think so. He's got a pulse. Barely."

        Mark's eyes opened slightly. "Hey buddy, it's us. What happened?"

        His voice was soft. Instead of the normal dry, raspy sound his speech usually made, his words felt mumbled and congested. His throat unable to clear the secretions from within it. "It's time for me to go."

        Jake stood back up and retrieved his phone from his pocket. "I'm calling 9-1-1! We've got to get him to a hospital."

        "Good," Brad said. 

        Daniel took a few steps back, surveying the situation. Panicking, he began mumbling, "We fucked up. We shouldn't have done this. We fucked up."

        Brad pulled Mark up to a seated position. "We're going to get you to a hospital. I'm so sorry." Heavy streams of tears were flowing from everyone. Brad could hardly get the words out.
        
        Jake walked into the other room, relaying the emergency to the dispatcher. Daniel was still backed away, berating himself. Brad looked down at his friend. Mark shook his head slightly.

        "What dude?" Brad whispered to him.

        Mark tried to find the strength to talk but only could move his lips silently.

        "Try, man." Brad leaned in closer.

        Mark began to speak. "No hospital."

        "You are insane. We have to get you there! Now!"

        Mark's right hand rose up and loosely gripped Brad's forearm, pulling him back down. "I don't want to die in a hospital."

        Brad's tears became steady again, dripping down upon Mark. "You're not going to die, dude."

        He shook his head yes, disagreeing with his friend. "If I wanted to die in..." He coughed; a wet, aqueous hack that sent droplets of spittle hurling at Brad's tear-soaked face. ..."hospital, I wouldn't...have come on...this trip."

        "So what, you want to die on a Las Vegas hotel room floor? This is stupid. Jake is calling right now."

        "You said...beach...four hours a...way. I can make it."

        Brad turned to face Daniel, still sobbing against the wall. "What?"

        "He said he can make it to the beach. He doesn't want to die here or at the hospital. This is it."

        Jake came in from the other room. "Ambulance is on the way. Should we move him or wait?" Jake saw the expressions on his friends' faces but could not make out their connotation. "What?"

        "Get the keys," Brad barked.

        "What? The ambulance is on the way."

        "Fuck the ambulance!" Daniel said, joining Brad at Mark's side. He knelt down and they picked up their friend, gently, and placed him in his wheelchair.

        "What the hell are you doing?!" Jake screamed.

        "We're going to Santa Monica! Get the keys!"

        Jake stood there for a second more, collecting his thoughts. Daniel picked up Mark's glass of water from the nightstand and hurled it in Jake's basic direction, not trying to injure him, but to inspire him to get the fucking lead out! Jake snapped to and ran back into the other room just as the glass shattered against the television.

        Mark's pain was intense. He moaned loudly while sitting in his chair. He couldn't stay upright. Brad turned the chair around, grabbed the morphine and they headed towards the living room. Jake grabbed the keys from the table. "What about our stuff?"

        "Fuck our stuff!" Daniel snapped.

        They pushed their way out into the hall and down to the elevator. They exited on the bottom floor and began a mad dash through the still-crowded casino and burst out into the cool Las Vegas night. They continued their sprint towards the parking garage, the jerky movements causing Mark to slip in and out of consciousness. They went unnoticed when they arrived but were now drawing quite the interesting glances. Jake ran into a woman, sending them both to the ground. The three continued on as Jake offered his sincere apologies, got up and continued his sprint. 

        They reached the van, hit the buttoned key and waited for the door to slide open. Brad hopped in the backseat and grabbed Mark's arms, lifting him from his chair as Jake and Daniel pushed him upwards. The pain was unbearable for Mark but he did his best to conceal it. This was his wish. He did not need his friends feeling any worse about their situation. Brad climbed into the driver's seat while Daniel and Jake got Mark situated and started the engine. It roared to life. He checked the fuel gage. They had half a tank. They would never make it without stopping. Shit, Brad thought, slamming his fists on the steering wheel. "Let's go!"

        Daniel stepped out of the backseat and opened the passenger's side door and sat down. Jake slid his door shut and continued getting Mark situated as Brad threw the gear into reverse and tore ass out of the garage. The traffic was light on the strip. They followed the signs until they reached the I-15 South. The freeway was barren in the late night hour. Brad had the gas petal touching floorboard. He hoped they would not get pulled over. The minivan inched towards the 100 marker on the speedometer. 

        They blasted through Primm without giving it a second thought and entered California a mere twenty-five minutes after departing Las Vegas. Brad watched as the gas gauge needle continued its south bound descent. With less than a quarter of a tank, they opted to make a quick stop at Baker, home of the world's largest thermometer. Brad gassed up while Daniel hurried inside and got Mark a giant cup of ice and a bottle of water, even though he had no realistic intention of either one going to use. Five minutes later, gas tank full, they continued their southern journey at the van's top speed. 

        When they passed through Barstow, Mark had slipped into unconsciousness. Daniel took out his phone and pulled up the map to make sure they made no false moves. They couldn't afford to waste any time. 

        Jake grabbed Mark's hand. "Dude, his skin is ice cold! We're losing him." Tears began forming in his eyes again. "His leg keeps twitching, too. It's freaking me out."

        Brad turned his head, foot still pressed on the gas petal, "Hang in there, buddy. I promise you we're going to make it."

        "How about some water?" Daniel asked, breaking the seal on the bottle her purchased in Baker. He handed it back to Jake, "Here dude, put this in his cup holder."

        Mark continued to sit slumped backwards in his chair, right leg involuntarily rocking back and forth. Lips so dry you could see the blood pooling in the tiny cracks. He began coughing; horrible sounding, phlegm rattling barks that echoed throughout the van. Jake squeezed his hand harder, "Hang in the, dude. We're going to make it."

        Daniel, using his iPhone's GPS, called out directions to Brad. They merged on to the 210 West, then to the 605, the 60 and finally onto the I-10 towards Santa Monica. It was the early hours of the morning. The streets were deserted. 

        "Exit here!" Daniel shouted as they nearly flew by their Lincoln Boulevard off-ramp. Brad jerked the van's steering wheel hard to the right, narrowly making the turn. The sharp movement awoke Mark. He was confused, disoriented. He couldn't speak. He couldn't even move. The van continued to race down Lincoln, past the 3rd Street Promenade, as the ocean came into view. "Holy shit, dude."

        Brad tried to slam on the break but was a moment too late. The van skidded into a city fire hydrant, destroying it. Water shot up at the undercarriage of the van at a ferocious pressure, filling the inside with a thunderous detonation. He threw the gear into park and he and Daniel opened their doors and stepped out into the puissant flood beneath them.

        Daniel slid open the side door. Jake was kneeling, looking at Mark. "Dude, his skin is blue."

        "Grab him," Brad commanded.

        Jake clenched his eyes shut, reached out and rocked Mark forward into his arms. He backed out of the van, stepping foot in the massive puddle. Water was shooting from under the car in every direction. He took a step backwards onto the curb, still supporting Mark's entire slacked weight. Daniel began pulling on the folded wheelchair, trying desperately to remove it from the van.

        "It's stuck! God damn it!"

        Brad came around and began tugging on it. Behind them, the sun was beginning to peak out and flood the night's sky with a glowing, bright orange. In his arms, Jake could feel Mark's slow breathing.

        "He's seriously barely breathing, guys!"

        "Okay," Brad yelled, panicked. "Fuck the wheel chair. We carry him!"

        Daniel turned and grabbed Mark's legs and lifted them. Jake held his arms and Brad lifted the slack in his back. They began to run awkwardly towards the sea, leaving the van's door wide open, half a wheelchair dangling from the opening while water soaked the inside.

        They ran across Ocean Avenue, through a small, grassy park and down concrete stairs leading to the sand. Mark's head was limp, his eyes slits, glaring up and the brightening sky, oblivious to where he was. The boys carried him as far as they could through the rough terrain until their legs began to give out. They stopped and set Mark down, removing his shoes so his feet could dig into the sand and watched as he slowly began to realize they had made it. They sat down next to him and faced the glorious Pacific Ocean. It was like nothing they had ever seen before. The sunrise's alpenglow cast over the water making it sparkle like a brilliant diamond on a showcase. The salt in the air pierced through their nostrils making them dizzy with provocation. In the distance, mammoth waves formed and crashed in upon themselves, while up close, diminutive ones rolled onto the shore to meet them and quickly retreated, leaving behind a trail of sea foam that popped in the warmth of the newly rising sun. They sat in awe as the radiant glimmer of the water seemed to come alive and dance like an uncontrolled fire. Landing near them was a species of bird they had never seen before. It hoped towards them carefully, then flew away. As he made fists with his toes, digging them deep in to the cool sand, enjoying this brand new sensation, tears began to flow steadily from Mark's eyes.

        As joy overtook him as his life began to slip away, he managed to whisper a few final words: "We made it." A smile grew on his face as his eyes closed and his soul departed. The others recognized it right away. It was if they could feel it. As tears began to trickle down their cheeks they took comfort  in knowing their best friend had died happily, with a smile prominently displayed atop the hollow shell of his body.

        They had made it.

        They continued to sit by their friend, enjoying their final moment with him, admiring the vastness of the ocean before them. The wind picked up, encumbering all other sound and sending miniature tornadoes of sand waltzing along the beach. The bird returned, regarding them with less apprehension, slowly hopping its way up to the group before nestling itself into the sand directly in front of them. Brad smiled at the site of his beautiful new feathered friend and gave Mark's hand one final squeeze.

        "We made it." 
Heaven can you hear me I am calling from a land line
I need a good connection I feel like I'm losing my mind
The day is just about to break I think it's safe to say, so am I

Can you bring my legs to walk even though they're shaking
Will you get my head to stop all the plans it's making
The clouds are just about to burst I think it's safe to say, so am I

Open the floodgates now, let the water come down

The monster in the closet, when the lights turned on
Is just a jacket on a hanger and the fear is gone
And the world keeps turning, sun keeps burning
We are the lost and found, gonna make it through another day

Can you train my mouth to shut when I feel like 
talking
Get my ears to open up and let a little love in
Lately I'm a ticking bomb and so are you and we are here together

Can you set my heart to beat no matter what I'm 
feeling
Will you take the wheel and drive, for miles I've been dealing
The day is just about to break I think it's safe to say, so am I

Open the floodgates now, let the water come down

The monster in the closet, when the lights turned on
Is just a jacket on a hanger and the fear is gone
And the world keeps turning, sun keeps burning
We are the lost and found, gonna make it through another day

I'm gonna hold it down with the lost and found

       Mark's body was eventually returned to his hometown of Omaha, Nebraska. When the beach had begun to get crowded, Brad picked up his best friend and the four of them headed back to the street.  The hydrant and been shut off, the van towed.

        An ambulance came to retrieve Mark and Daniel, Jacob and Bradley had to spend quite some time in the Santa Monica Police Department. Everyone was eventually released and sent back home after a few days.

        When they arrived, Jake went to the police station to turn himself in. He told them it had been all his idea, he acted alone and no one else was to blame. He figured he had been selfish long enough. Lost in a sea of self-centeredness that had consumed almost his entire adult life. 

        His stay was not long, however. The Omaha chief of police had received a letter from Mark. It stated that everything that had occurred was Mark's own idea. He had stolen the drugs in a moment of lucidity and he had talked his friends into driving him across country. No one should be to blame but him. He also stated that this should be considered his deathbed confession, which, as the police should know, is admissible in a court of law...he thought. At least, according to an old episode of Dragnet he had watched recently.

        Vallesa, the nurse, had conveniently left out the part of her story in which the sexual distraction had taken place. She had merely told the officers the drugs were stolen and everyone was missing. She had known the gravity of the situation, and while she certainly didn't agree with it, she couldn't help but respect the courage it took them to carry it through. Still, though, she felt she owed him, at least, a punch in the nose.

        When Jake learned of what she did, he called Vallesa to thank her. She was upset with him, and rightfully so. She had been used. Jake begged for the chance to make it up to her. He laid on his charm in epic proportions. She eventually gave in and agreed to meet him the following night for a drink.

        Daniel kept his word. He went to the courthouse and set up a child support payment plan for Aubrey and his daughter. He didn't even let them know. He figured he should give them some time, see if they come around. It was the right thing to do, he knew it, and he was finally excited about the prospect of being a father. That same night, he and his parents sat down for a nice, long talk.

        When Brad returned home, Jeni ran out to greet him, tears flooding her face, Carolyn in her arms. They embraced. Brad kissed his daughter and then his wife. "I want to have more kids," he said, much to her surprise. She laughed and tightened her grasp on her husband.

        "Come in," she said. "There is something you need to see."

        He followed them into the house. Jeni passed Carolyn off to her father and went into the kitchen, returning with a business sized envelope. Written across the front was; Bradley, Jacob and Daniel, c/o Jeni Augustine, with their address below. Brad started to cry again. He recognized the handwriting as Mark's.

        "Let's save that for a little later."

        The following afternoon, the men gathered at Brad's house and opened the letter. Brad unfolded it, noting that it was written on Myra Hotel & Casino stationary. He began to choke up before he could get out a single word.

        To my brothers,
        
        Words alone cannot express the sincere gratitude towards you I am currently feeling in my heart. Not just for breaking me out of my personal cell and taking me on the trip of my lifetime, but for the lifetime of friendship you all have provided for me. Man should be so lucky to have just one friend as good as you guys. I was blessed with three. 

        I spoke not too long ago about being upset I was going to die without ever knowing true love. I was mistaken. I had it the entire time; I just was looking in the wrong spot. True love doesn't have to exist solely between a man and a woman. It is formed through connections of the soul. I had it the whole time and it took me my whole life to realize it. Sitting in that van with you guys, scared and excited, clinging to each other, I realized I was the luckiest man alive. The four of us, that is real true love. To have three people in my life who would stop the world to make me happy is a gift impossible to earn. I may be gone now, my soul departed from this world, but I will forever be with you. Helping you in any way I can. I will do my best to watch over you all and I will see you all again soon, my brothers.

        There is a rather large sum of money still in my name, along with my house. Only a few people knew about it. I did not want the cancer to take everything from me, so I hid it. It has been left to you three, to be divided equally. Please do not squander it. Put it to use. Do the things you've always wanted to do but felt you couldn't because you were anchored to Nebraska. I saw the most beautiful sights I had ever seen during my last days and it makes me sad I didn't begin journeying out earlier in life. You guys have that gift. You can go. You can start your own adventures. On me. Go and find yourselves. Be fearless. Do not be frightened of the future, for it is only the past with the lights turned off. My whole life I felt lost, especially since the cancer, but today, right now as I write this, I feel whole. I found myself. As the song goes, I once was lost but now I am found. Truer words have never been spoken. (Sorry for the cheese.)

        Miss me, but do not pity me, for there is nothing about me that warrants it. I don't know if we made it to the beach or not, but either way, just know that I died happy. You breathed life into me that I thought the cancer had eaten away permanently. I hope I can find my parents and tell them how much I love them. I hope I can meet my grandparents for the first time. I just hope. 

        I am tired and must return to my bed now. Bradley, please give my God-daughter a hug and kiss for me and tell her she will forever remain a part of my soul. I will check in on you guys often. Remember, death may leave a heartache that no one can heal, but love leaves a memory no one can steal.

	I heard that somewhere.

        Peace be with you all. I love you more than any form of communication could ever express. Farewell my brothers. My family. My true loves.

        Mark Briggs

        P.S. Don't be dismayed at goodbyes. As farewells are necessary before you can meet again and meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.




This life keeps moving on
Gone away before too long
So tell your friends just how you feel
You'd better say it loud for the world to hear

'Cause it's getting late, it's time to go
The paper moon is fading slow
But the night, it keeps moving on
'Til it takes you in; it brings you home

While you're watching over
The moments that make up your life

It's getting late, that's the way it is
You can't deny when it feels like this
And it's strange what it's bringing out
You're gonna open up, 'cause you can't stop now
Oh, you can't stop now

It's getting late, you don't know how
You're wide awake, but you're missing out
You get your kicks while you can
Then you go to work to pay the man

While you're watching over
The moments that make up your life
It's getting late, it's getting late
It's getting late, oh yeah, it's getting late
        
	
	
        Mark's body was cremated on Christmas Eve at the Westlawn-Hillcrest Funeral Home and Memorial Park in Omaha. His earthly remains sat prominently above the fireplace of Brad and Jeni's house until June the following year when they were transported to Santa Monica, California. 

        Standing there, on the edge of the pier, Brad held the urn tightly in his arms. Jake and Vallesa stood to his left, Aubrey and Daniel to his right, their daughter Marisol squirming and laughing in his arms. Jeni stood behind him, one arm wrapped around her husband's waste, the other cradling her belly where a baby boy was growing, a namesake to Mark, while Carolyn stood in front and stepped up on one of the pier's wooden railings.

        "Are you ready, baby?" Brad asked.

        "Yeah," his daughter said with a smile.

        "Okay." He removed the lid and placed the urn in Carolyn's tiny little hands. "Be careful, baby."

        "Now Daddy?"

        "Now baby."

        She tilted the urn slightly, slowing pouring the ashes out. A gust of wind came up from behind them and took Mark away. Drifting farther out into the ocean. The ashes seemed to tango in the warm California sky. The eight of them watched as their best friend sailed away and out of sight.

        "Did I do good, Daddy?"

        "Yes you did, baby. I'm very proud of you."

        They stayed a while longer, watching as the sun set before them, turning the sky a rainbow of magnificent colors.

        Daniel dug out his knife and began carving into the railing.

        "You crying, daddy?" Carolyn asked.

        "I'm okay, honey,'' Brad responded with a small smile on his face.

        "Farewell, friend," Jake said. 

        "Until we meet again," Daniel added, flipping his blade shut.

        They stood in silence as the sun disappeared out of sight. Jeni squeezed her husband a little tighter, indicating it was probably time to go. Brad nodded, a tear rolling down his face. "See you again, brother," he said softly then bent down to his kiss daughter on the head. 
	
        ''You happy now, Daddy?''
	
        ''Yes, baby, I'm happy now,'' Brad responded, looking down at the freshly carved railing. Dug deep into the moist wood, for all time, was their calling card. It read: Mark, Daniel, Brad and Jake Made It.

Thank you to all my friends and family for the support you always give me. Your love and kind words mean more to me than you'll ever know.
Extra special thanks to:
Julie & McClane, Mom & Dad, Joe –Tina &Greg, Lisa, Eric Duhart for the awesome cover,
Melissa, Leslie, Summer, Mike, Elson, Gail, 
Xavier, Amanda, Eli & Jeni.
Thanks for all the help!



And to Lily and Loki:
Please stop barking.
K, thanks.
This book is also dedicated to Adam Yauch, who, throughout most of my life, provided me with inspiration, refuge and damn great tunes. You are a legend, good sir, and will be missed.






#RIPMCA


Also by Grant Fieldgrove:

Darkness Once More
A Touch of Danger
Stroke of Genius

He is at home in Bakersfield, CA
 currently juggling the writing of at least
three new novels, including the latest
entry to his Archie series.

You can follow him on Facebook at:
www.facebook.com/darknessoncemore
Twitter 
@Grant_Fieldgrove
And Instagram at:
Grant_Fieldgrove
