 MILLION DOLLAR MONKEY
BOOK ONE


Copyright 2014 E.Scott 
Published by E.Scott at Smashwords


Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1 
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47




About the book
I wouldn't say I was exactly the happy-go-lucky type but I do try to look for the good in people. Engineer Ivor however, seemed to live his life under a perpetual rain-cloud and did his best to make everyone else feel just as miserable as himself …
Cormack Sharp plays in the worst band in Scotland, according to the Edinburgh Daily Target. The odds of them getting into the Beer in the Dark festival have just increased dramatically and they were rather long to start with. However, singer Johan Brecht has a plan but it involves a set of gorilla suits and a moonlit trip to Edinburgh Zoo. Surely things can’t get much worse for Cormack? Then, a huge hole appears in central Edinburgh and some people are pointing the fingers of blame in the direction of Cormack and his less than lovely boss, Ivor.
The pressure was mounting. Something had to give. 
Million Dollar Monkey (book one) introduces Cormack Sharp, his band Six Million Dollar Monkey and the emergence of a rather large hole in central Edinburgh …

For more information visit the author’s blog at
http://iscotblog.blogspot.co.uk/

Chapter 1: Controlling Engineer Ivor
It was a Thursday night and I'd drawn the short straw which in this case was covering night-shift with engineer Ivor. I wouldn't say I was exactly the happy-go-lucky type but I do try to look for the good in people. Engineer Ivor however, seemed to live his life under a perpetual rain-cloud and did his best to make everyone else feel just as miserable as himself. Engineer Ivor was a short man, somewhere in his late fifties, with a ruddy red face and the look of someone who had just been caught unexpectedly in a ferocious wind-storm. His playful wisps of thinning hair had ambitions of becoming comedy performers and enjoyed nothing more than creating risqué shapes on the polished stage of his pinking scalp. These impromptu performances, when discovered, were cruelly swept skull ward with a well-practiced swipe. Ivor liked to be in control, especially when it came to his own head.  He came from a village in the far north of Scotland. It was a bleak, rain lashed place, perched near the edge of unforgiving cliffs. Countless ships had been dashed on the rocks that lurked just below the sea’s surface. There were legends of sirens living nearby. They’d sing their songs, the unlucky mariners would lose their marbles and point their vessels towards the cliffs. The last thing many of them saw was the sight of the sirens shaking their heads in disbelief at how easy it was to lead a man to his doom. Nobody had a good word to say about the place. The advice to tourists looking to stop in the area was simple: Don't! If the rain or the cliffs didn't get you then you may be unfortunate enough to be accosted by one of Ivor's clan. He always wore a short sleeved white shirt with dirty brown tie combination, along with a pair of thick black woollen trousers that were at least two sizes too big and as such were constantly playing peek-a-boo with Ivor’s most sensible white Y-fronts. Quite why he didn’t wear a belt wasn’t clear though he was spotted once, at a leaving-do that he just couldn’t get out of, sporting a pair of rather dapper silver braces. His usual look was finished off with large steel toe capped boots and his trusty yellow oilskin jacket which was never more than grabbing distance away from his person. Ivor kept so much kit in his jacket that it could have been weaved by an experimental faction of the magic circle. It was jammed full of notebooks, site plans, measuring tapes, nails, hammers, at least three calculators and various other secret engineering devices that Ivor didn’t like to talk of. I knew for a fact that he kept a creamy white rabbit’s foot in there; I’d seen him rubbing at it on more than one occasion, usually when the pressure was getting to him and he was struggling with the little devils that liked nothing more than to unscrew the lid of his famous temper.  I’d tried my best to be civil to him but you can only beat your head against a brick wall for so long before you either see stars, break something important or wise up. He just wasn’t interested. So, I put up with him. His gruff manner; his tendency to bark unintelligible phrases at you from a distance and expect you to know what they meant; his head shaking, his  you’re an idiot looks; the long drives from site to site spent in silence as he refused to get into a conversation unless it was directly to do with work. He’d even removed the car stereo as he said it interfered with his thinking time. There was a lot going on in the inside of Ivor’s head but it was a private show with absolutely no admittance. He had next to no time for anyone he came into contact with, regardless of where they were in the work food-chain. Councillors, contract mangers, client engineers, department heads, foremen, labourers all got the gruff treatment. I had no idea if he was married or the last of the highland hermits. He could have has six wives and lived in a castle for all I knew. He just never let on. My guess was that he lived out in the woods somewhere with a stockpile of tomato soup and salt tablets in preparation for the impending day of judgement. As for me; I was treated like his own personal mule. I often found myself being loaded up with stacks of engineering paraphernalia and told to giddy-up in a vague direction usually ten yards behind the pathfinder general as he strode off across a site to peer at something suspiciously through his level. When people had first heard that I’d been teamed with him I had more than a few sarcastic comments; bad luck, never mind, and been nice knowing you. At that point in time I was sure that he couldn’t be all that bad.  Surely, somewhere in there lurked a sweet natured old bloke who just needed coaxed out, like a wary cat that hides under a shed. I just had to find out what his saucer of milk was. Then, a possible breakthrough, a nugget of personal information about the mysterious habits of the Ivor came my way.
“So Ivor, I hear that you play the fiddle,” I said. 
No response was the response from Ivor. Not an eyebrow was raised. If he’d been rigged up to a heart monitor then it would have continued to display activity usually only seen in creatures in deep hibernation. Not one to be easily put off, I tried again.
“Do you play the fiddle then?” 
I looked over at him. His knuckles were turning a serious shade of white as he put the steering wheel into the early stages of the Ivor death grip. 
“I heard that you were pretty good, in your younger days that is.”
I wondered if a small white lie might prod the old grizzly out of his conversation hibernation. 
“Nobody you know would know anything about that,” he growled.
Success!
“You’d be surprised who I know, anyway, it’s nothing to be ashamed of,” I poked.
“I’m not. Why are you so interested all of a sudden?”
“Well, I play a bit myself.”
“You play the fiddle?”
“No, it’s the bass I play”
“The double bass, you’re a bit small for that aren’t you?”
“No and no. Electric bass, actually.”
“Electric. Call that a real instrument do you?”
“Erm, yes.”
“I’ve no purchase with electric music.” 
“Really. Why, how old are you?”
“I’m old enough to know better.”
“You don’t like any electric music? What about the Beatles, you must like them. Everybody likes them, don’t they?”
“No I don’t. I’ve no time for that kind of thing. It’ll not creep over into my space, not if I have anything to do with it.”
“Is that why you ripped the stereo out of the car, in case someone tried to play something on it?”
“It’s hard enough trying to escape it these days. I’m not going to invite it into my own house.”
“Where is it that you stay again?”
“None of your business!”
“Mmm. You should give it a try, you might like it, they even use the odd fiddle.”
“That’s not music. Electric bass indeed. Whatever next. There’s no place for electric instruments, it changes them into something that they were never supposed to be. You wouldn’t have any dealings with someone who was wired up to the mains would you, screaming and feeding back all over the place?”
“It’s hardly the same thing.”
“It’s exactly the same thing. Its electricity that swept away all the music that was handed down, hand to hand, mouth to mouth, for hundreds of years.  It’s got a lot to answer for.”
“I’ll do you a compilation if you want and you can give them a listen.”
“I’d rather spend my time herding cats than waste my time on that.”
I must admit that left me a bit stumped. We pulled up to the site and Ivor had his seat belt off and was out of the car faster than I could say Sergeant Pepper’s. After that, any mention of music in Ivor’s direction was brushed away with a contemptuous whuff. I was pleased that I’d managed to get him talking though.  I’d just have to bide my time. 
Chapter 2: The night-shift
The night-shift drill was usually straight forward enough. The Roads Department supervised several sites in the city which were working through the night and our job was to take a tour around them and provide any engineering back-up that was needed. That part came from Ivor, of course. I was really only there to act as his pack-mule and messenger boy. If anyone was going to be getting flogged for delivering the bad news then that would be me. Ivor was the smart end of the tape; the brains of the outfit. He probably kept it in one of his many pockets. The shift was seven to seven with the first few hours spent in the office. The real fun didn’t usually start until after midnight, when we went out on patrol. Ivor wasn’t one for wiling away his time staring into space, unlike yours truly. He spent this first part of the evening transcribing the scribbles from one or more of his site notebooks into the larger and never to be taken outside of this room notebooks. The office notebooks were then locked away in a desk drawer, only to surface on the next occasion that Ivor furnished them with a fresh batch of updates. The sight of Ivor, hunched over this tomes, with his angle poised lamp low enough to burn a hole through the paper, scratching away with an ancient fountain pen put me in mind a monk painstakingly scratching on an ancient parchment. Ivor would have made a good monk, I thought. He wouldn’t need to speak to anyone for a start, something that he already excelled in. He’d probably derive some masochistic pleasure from growing old and withered while writing up the important knowledge of the day.  It certainly did the trick in keeping those monks busy. The last thing society needs are large groups of religious types with too much time on their hands and no mundane and tedious tasks to keep them occupied. That sort of situation leads to nothing but trouble.
“What are you up to Ivor?” I ventured across the room. I wasn’t holding out much hope of a reply.
“What does it look like?” snipped a voice after a satellite delay.
“Are you working on your book again?”
“It’s better than gazing at you own navel”
“How’s it coming along? Has anyone been murdered yet?”
“No, but the night's still young.”
Wow, Ivor was on fire tonight, he must have upped his sugar lump dosage.
“Why don’t you type that up on the computer? Is it something to do with it being plugged in at the wall?”
“Very funny. I’d rather do it this way thanks very much. For one thing it means that it doesn’t fall into the wrong hands, or in front of the wrong pair of eyes.”
“Well, as long as no one breaks into the secret hiding place.”
“I’ve got all the originals safe, it can all be done again by hand if it comes to that.”
“It’s not exactly top-secret though is it? Measurements and notes and little doodles of men in diggers.”
“You don’t know what you’re talking about. Why don’t you go back to sleep and let the big folk get on with their work in peace?”
“Will I put on some music?”
“Do you want to spend the rest of the shift knocking steel pins into reinforced concrete?”
“I’ll take that as a no then.”
He went back to his scratchy writing. The thought of a wee nap was quite appealing, though I knew I’d never manage to drop off with all that squeaking and scraping going on across the room. I thought about going for a wander around the deserted building in search of ghosts and clandestine liaisons. Then the phone rang on Ivor’s desk.
There was something ominous about the sound of that phone. It was like a sound remembered from a dream; a star crossed ring tone full of fate. A loud group of what ifs barged into a queue in front of me. What if, I hadn’t been on the night shift that night; What if I’d been paired with another engineer, one who didn’t spend the first few hours of each shift in the office; What if the call had come in after we’d left, or before we’d turned up; What if the voice on the other end of the phone had decided to call another number; and any of an infinite number of possibilities then things would have been different. But no. All the little cogs had lined up. Everything had clicked into place out there in the ether of possibilities and the result was that I was sitting there in that room with the phone ringing on Ivor’s desk and a tingling feeling in my toes. Ivor just looked at it for a while, probably hoping that they’d give up after a few rings but it kept on ringing and ringing. The phone in question never usually rang, certainly not on a night shift. It could only be a wrong number or one of the sites wanting something urgent that involved us. Highly unlikely, I thought.  
Ivor picked it up and with his telephone training topper most in his mind said “What?”
I watched from across the room. Ivor’s apple red cheeks drained to a polo mint white in seconds and his wayward hair took the opportunity to stand up as if he’d plugged himself into the mains. He wouldn’t have liked that in so many ways. Ivor put down the phone and stared over at me with a look of panic in his eyes. This didn't stop him from carefully closing his big-book, putting it in the drawer, locking it and then giving the locked door a good tug, just in case it sprang open anyway and the secrets of the ancients fell into the wrong hands. He got up from behind his desk, pulled on his multi pocketed coat and for once spoke to me unprompted. 
“Get your coat,” said Ivor. 
I couldn't help myself and cheerily replied “Have I pulled?”
I wasn't surprised to see that this fell on deaf ears; Ivor had already marched past and was heading for the exit. 

Chapter 3: An Arachnid assassin 
“Where are we off to in such a hurry?” I ventured as we sped out of the council car park at a rate of knots not usually associated with the quiet man of the North’s Sunday outing driving style. Ivor gripped the wheel like a man transfixed. I didn't like the look of him at the best of times but the emergence of this foot-to-the-floor zombie style driver was as unsettling as it was unexpected. He kept checking the rear view mirror and I was sure I could hear him humming to himself, another first. I thought about giving him that Beatles CD that I'd made for him but on consideration I decided to leave it until a time when he wasn't running with the moon.
We screeched to a stop on the junction of George Street and Hanover Street. Ivor was out of the car faster than I could say Starsky and Hutch and started marching off down Hanover Street towards Queen Street. I shook my head as I watched him stamping off into the night. What had got into him? In the distance, an almost full moon was pinned low in the skies. In lent an eerie glow to the city skyline which swept downhill towards the dark slither that was the waters of the Firth of Forth and the outline of the Fife hills beyond. For a moment Ivor’s silhouette was backlit by the moon and the scene put me in mind of one of those dark cartoons where creatures with stick bodies and oversized heads scare the bejesus out of unsuspecting town dwellers. 
I almost expected the shape of an enormous spider to emerge from behind the hills of Fife, its burning red eyes looking out over the city where it would wreak its fevered revenge. A thought occurred to me: Perhaps the spider was the one controlling engineer Ivor? He never did say who had been on the other end of the phone. Had it sent out a weird signal via the phone network with all those that picked up rendered spellbound by the superior intelligence of an arachnid assassin? It was a question I'd never thought I'd ask. Could it be that at that very moment, all over the city people, were scurrying sightlessly towards a sticky web-based doom? What would become of them all? Would any of them escape or perhaps pass through in one piece? It brought a whole new angle to the practice of cold calling. Maybe I'd better not be so cheeky to them next time. I was pretty sure I was wide of the mark on this one though. There were no murderous giant spiders in Fife. I was almost certain of that. Meanwhile, Ivor had disappeared from view. I knew I should be following him like a dim but faithful dog. I was supposed to be his sidekick for the evening. Robin to his Batman. Without the shiny tights and the pixie boots though obviously. That sort of thing would be frowned upon within the corridors of power at the council. 
I knew he’d be back soon enough when he needed someone to hold the end of the tape. Or when some large inanimate object had to be carried across the site. I’d get volunteered for that little job no doubt. I leaned over and checked the ignition. He’d left the keys in there and the driver’s door was wide open. I fished the keys from the ignition, pulled the driver’s door closed, got out of the car and locked it. You can’t be too careful, especially with a boot full of rather expensive engineering kit.
“You wouldn’t be so absent minded if your office notebook was in the car, would you?” I asked in Ivor’s general direction. I ambled off into the site to see if I could find him. I marvelled at the size of the moon in the sky. It looked like it had been genetically modified. Or perhaps it was being inflated from within by invisible forces hell-bent on the over inflation of satellites. I did hope that the balloon-moon wasn’t about to go POP! It looked close enough to do considerable damage to a city that was already under attack by a B-movie marauder. Tomorrow’s Daily Target wouldn’t know what to run on page one.
Chapter 4: Hanover Street
We had been to the Hanover Street works before. We'd taken part in the great drainage pipe hunt. The section of road in question was approximately 200 meters long and 10 meters wide. The pipe to be located was clearly marked on the site drawings but when the excavations had begun it was apparent that there was no pipe in that location. Then, the site engineer owned up to having the plans upside down and so they dug up the other side of the street too. Still no sign of any pipes though. Having the two trenches running was making it very difficult to carry out any of the other works on the site. At one point a lorry delivering materials had managed to reverse over one of the trenches getting its back axle jammed stuck. While trying to drag itself out, the lorry had got itself completely stuck and had to be lifted out by a mobile crane. The word “mobile” gave the impression that the crane would be agile and manoeuvrable but it turned out to be so big that an entire section of the city centre had to be cordoned off in order to move it into place. The huge arm of the crane eventually plucked the hapless lorry from its entrenched residence with the ease of King Kong plucking petals off a daisy. The weight of the crane, however, had caused considerable damage to road surface on George Street and had left sets of tracks in the tarmac that were going to cost a lot more than the price of a lorry to put right. None of this had helped locate the elusive pipes.  
The site engineer, Darrius Malinowski, a graduate of the Gdansk College for Engineering, had been employed on a no questions asked basis by the contractor AbleCon. Darrius’s English was excellent but his engineering skills weren’t up to much. He had a history of cobbled together CV’s and anyone that looked hard enough would establish a clear trail of engineering calamities to which he was tenuously linked including the infamous Red Hat Tower collapse in Malaysia, after which Mr Malinowski had gone mysteriously underground. He'd reappeared in Edinburgh city centre unlike those pesky pipes. Ivor was surprisingly philosophical about this point by saying “Aye, they can be mysterious beasties. Supposed to be somewhere but end up being somewhere else. They’re not expected to move about when they’ve been buried but that doesn’t stop them.” 
The scene was eerily quiet. Nothing seemed to be moving. No machines were out digging or moving around. No groups of night-shift labourers were kidding on they were busy while leaning on shovels. No buzzing generators running hand tools and lights. Why was it so dark? Where was everybody? I picked my way down the edge of the road, being careful not to slip into the one of the open trenches. I almost walked straight past them and stepped into the void.
'STOP!' shouted Ivor's voice. I did what I was told. I looked around to see the murky faces of Ivor, Darrius and half a dozen assorted labourers and machine-men, the whites of their eyes floating spookily in the gloom.  
'Who turned out the lights?' I asked to no one in particular. 
I didn't get an answer. “Ivor's influence must be contagious,” I thought.
“Step back from the edge!” barked Ivor. 
I hadn't realised I was at the edge. Stupidly I did what anyone standing at the edge shouldn't do. I looked over. The words 'staring into the abyss' loomed large in my mind. I was standing on the edge of an enormous hole. It ran all the way down to the next junction, a distance of around 100 meters and took up the full width of the road, disappearing below the level of the pavements on each side. I stared into it but all I could see was black. Even I knew, with my limited knowledge of what was going on in Hanover Street, that there was no mention of creating a gaping crater in the centre of Edinburgh. That definitely wasn't on the plans. 
“What the …” I said. 
“That's what I said,” said Ivor, before adding, “Just what have you boys been up to down here? What have you done to my street?” There was much shuffling and looking at feet amongst the gathered crew. After an awkward pause Old Lachlan, the site foreman, broke the silence. He was an ex-Sergeant Major type whose boots were kept sparklingly shiny, a trait which had earned him the name Twinkle-Toes amongst the braver of the workers. Behind his back of course. Never to his face. 
“Well, Mr Ivor,” piped up Lachlan. “It was just starting to get dark. We were firing up the gennies, you know, for the flood lights and what not. That's when the noise started. I wondered what on Earth it was, thought it was that damned crane rolling back in, you know, the one that made those nice tracks all the way up George Street. But no, there was no oversized crane bearing down on us. An awful sound it was. Sounded like the belly of the city was turning over, ready to throw up over everything. I for one wouldn't want to be standing in the wrong place if that ever happened.”
“Thanks Lachlan, nice image,” I squirmed.
“That's what I thought anyway. It seemed to be coming from underneath our feet,” said Lachlan.
“So, was it an earthquake then? A tremor?” I asked.
“It could have been but there was no shaking of the ground, no windows shattering or masonry falling off the buildings on the side of the street. So, I don't think it was. It seemed to be happening right under where we were. It was like there was something moving down there. Something that had just woken up ...”
“Like a giant worm,” giggled one of the labourers 
“Maybe it’s the one that ate those pipes we've all been looking for, hungry fellas when they get to that size,” he added.
A few of the men were bent over so far at this that they nearly fell into the hole. I wondered how long it would take for them to hit the bottom with a dull thud or an echoing splash.
“Don't be daft,” growled Old Lachlan 
“Just look what it did to the road, that's no sink-hole you know, that's been waiting to happen for a long, long time and we're all lucky that we weren't standing on top of it when it did go. We've all been running up and down this stretch for the last couple of weeks. Someone's looking out for us if we're all still topside and breathing.” This seemed to dampen the hilarity somewhat. Old Lachlan had everyone's attention so he continued;
“The sound, whatever it was and where ever it was coming from, got louder and louder. It was an awful, muffled groan of a thing, like nothing I've ever heard before and I hope I don't have to hear it again. Just as suddenly as it started, it stopped. Well, those of us that were there just looked at each other and didn't say a word. The next thing, suddenly and without warning, the whole section of the road just fell away and disappeared into the bowels.”   
This stared off another round of giggles. Old Lachlan certainly knew how to raise a laugh. 
“Disappeared?” asked Ivor. 
“That's right,” answered Old Lachlan 
“Look at the buildings, not a mark, not a single window broken or a piece of masonry cracked. Even the lights are still on. Thank the Lord for small mercies”
We all looked round and realised that he was right. The lights from the windows overlooking Hanover Street were lit up as if nothing had happened. The silhouettes of people were framed in the windows. They were probably wondering what on earth the council was up to now, keeping them awake half the night and now carelessly misplacing the whole street. Ivor was staring into the void and stroking his chin. I reckoned he was just about to crack a joke or maybe start a bit of a sing-a-long. I was wrong. He just stood there, keeping the thoughts that were running under his furrowed brow to himself.  He snapped out of it fast enough, taking us all by surprise when he barked;
“Why are there no lights on the site?” 
“That would be the generators,” replied Old Lachlan, somewhat sheepishly.
“Have they stopped working?”
“You could say that, they all went into the hole.”
“Into the hole? Did anything else go in there?”
“Well, you'll be glad to hear that none of the men went in. At least, as far as we know.”
“Dare I ask how you know this?” asked Ivor with an eyebrow raised. 
“You can. We got everyone together and counted them. We're pretty sure everyone's accounted for. Though, saying that it is pretty dark out here so we might have missed someone. Someone small maybe, or hard to make out in low lighting,” said Old Lachlan, rather unconvincingly.
“So are you saying that there's a chance that someone might have gone in there, along with the generators?” asked Ivor.
“I think we'd have heard them by now,” said Old Lachlan. “Anyway, I counted them all myself. I'm as sure as I can be for someone who's standing in the dark next to a big hole in the ground that is. Of course the lights did end up going in there so it is possible that someone could have got dragged in along with them. Very difficult to untangle yourself if you're getting pulled down by a set of temporary traffic lights.”
“Not something that’s really covered in the Health and Safety training then?” asked Ivor.
Old Lachlan just looked blank. He’d probably heard of Health and Safety but I wouldn’t have been surprised if he thought they were a couple of cheeky chaps from Newcastle that presented TV shows. 
“We've no idea how deep it is yet; it’s too dark to see to the bottom,” said Old Lachlan.  Ivor looked around, scratched his head and looked to the skies. I thought he was going to say “Give me strength” or maybe just  “Why me?” but instead he said;
“Well, we'll need to get some lights up and running. Let’s run a feed off the main supply, get this place lit up and then we can see how much damage has really been done. Maybe then we’ll be able to see for sure what else has gone into the hole.”
“Good idea,” said Old Lachlan who started to snap out instructions to no one in particular.
“Alright, let’s make sure the site is cordoned off completely, last thing we need is someone wandering in here and going plop! It’s a lot easier getting in there than getting out!” This was met with an affirmative murmur from the assembled throng.  Old Lachlan, on a roll now, carried on talking; 
“We'll need to get these buildings cleared of people. Has anyone phoned the fire service?”
A puzzled silence was broken by a faint voice from the back;
“What for, there's no fire?” muttered a seemingly ownerless voice. 
“Not yet!” barked back Old Lachlan. “This whole street could slide into the crater. You wouldn’t want that now would you? We're going to get all these people out of their buildings and off to somewhere safe for the night. I tell you what, I'll phone them. If you want something done, eh?”
That should have been the first thing he did when a huge unscheduled hole appeared, I thought. I watched Old Lachlan marching off into the moonlight in the direction of the site office. I realised while watching him that it must have been Old Lachlan that had phoned Ivor earlier on in the evening. If that was correct then my spider idea was blown clean out of the water. I could see Old Lachlan’s legs disappearing into the gloom from where I was standing and there was definitely only the two of them.  They made an even, rhythmic, scrunch as they made their way across the muddy site, each one crowned with a shiny boot. 
The fire brigade arrived and set about evacuating the residents of Hanover Street. Luckily, the street is lined with offices, hairdressers and restaurants, all of which were closed at that time of night. With only a few flats to evacuate the whole operation was done within an hour. The sight of a large section of their street caving in was enough to give most people the motivation to move with no questions asked. Ivor supervised the “fortification” of the site, to protect any of the unsuspecting or over-curious from falling into the pit. 
This consisted of Ivor barking orders at Old Lachlan who then barked them at someone else until eventually a barrier was put up or a cone was cunningly positioned. Various nameless labourers were dispatched to run red and white tape round the edges of the site boundaries or to put up some makeshift “DANGER - KEEP OUT” signs. Sentries were posted at any openings, with strict orders to shoot anyone that tried to gain unauthorised entry to the site. Or at least tell them to go away. Old Lachlan assured the fire-chief that there was no one missing and so there was no need to send any of his men into the hole to do a search, at least not that night. With everything under control Ivor decided that his job was done and we exited the scene. I looked back to see Old Lachlan and the Fire Chief standing near the edge of the hole,  Old Lachlan pointing a gnarled old finger ominously downwards.
Chapter 5: Scottish dogs with square heads 
I flashed my bus pass at the burly men who guarded the front door of the building. They wore black V-neck jerseys, Doctor Martin style boots and had skull skimming hair-do's. I was pretty sure that they must have all gone the same hairdresser.  Either that or they just passed the clippers around between them when they were taking a much need break from the stress of protecting the building from the daily massed hoards that tried to gain unauthorised access with nothing but murder and mayhem on their minds. They looked me up and down suspiciously, one of them giving me an extra hard stare while talking into a brick sized radio with an ariel sticking out of it. I walked straight past them without getting bundled into the back of a blacked out van for interrogation, though it may have been a close run thing. They didn't seem too be too bothered that the photo on my bus pass didn't look like me. 
I made my way down the narrow brown floored corridor, keeping my head down so as not to make eye contact with anyone coming the other way which was standard practice, especially first thing in the morning. I managed to make it to the first floor and through the double doors into the open plan area which made up most of the Roads Department. I made it all the way up to the approach to my section. But no further. Charles Winters had hidden himself behind a coat stand and materialised in front of me like the ghost of raincoats past. My heart leapt into my mouth and I had to use all my powers of restraint to stop my right fist punching him; an action that would have resulted in the loss of my job, no matter who was creeping up on who.
“Ah, there you are. Follow me,” said Winters.
I did what I was told. He was my boss after all. I just hoped he wasn't leading me to the store cupboard for an unpredicted liaison. He led me into his room and then said menacingly, “Close the door behind you.”
I sat down on the visitor’s chair, hoping it wasn't wired up to the electrics. Charles Winters sat down behind a wide glassy table with a not-amused look on his face and picked up a dangerous looking silver pen in his left hand. My reflexes were good but this was a confined space. I hoped it wouldn't come to that.
The see-through table didn't offer him too much protection from prying eyes. I couldn't help but notice that he'd pressed his knees together tightly. Was he wearing a too short skirt that he didn't want me to look up? Would I have missed that in the way in? Probably not but I double checked anyway. He wasn't, thankfully. I let out a quiet sigh of relief and decided to keep my line of sight above table height. 
He was a scrawny looking man in his fifties with a tightly trimmed buzz of silver hair clinging hopefully to an over-pink scalp. His shirt was too tight. It seemed to be crushing him slowly. The shirt was a shade I'd describe as seriously white. An unnatural white that probably doesn't appear in nature. It was buttoned all the way up to his adams-apple which was so close to the surface it could have been signalling for rescue. The skin round his neck was thin. Thin enough to make most poultry jealous. I could practically make eye contact with his larynx. His shirt sleeves had been ironed to within an inch of their life and looked sharp enough to draw blood. The look was finished off with a blue silk tie that had lines of silver triangles running through it. I couldn't help staring at the triangles. 
He'd insisted I come in to his room and now he was just sitting there reading something on his desk. What else was I to do? The triangles were moving around, changing positions randomly. I wondered if this was a new fashion trend or if I should get myself to an optician. Winters eyes were a sharp blue surrounded by a sea of yellow-stained white. That milky yellow brought to mind the whiskers of one of those Scottish dogs with the square heads and the rectangular bodies. They were strange beasts that seemed to inhabit their own little world. I was no expert in canine history but I did know that there was something otherworldly about those dogs. A touch of the unnatural. 
It was like they'd been invented as a household appliance but had escaped the broom cupboard and bred their way into every street in the land. They came in two colours apparently, doubtless in an attempt to throw any interested parties off their scent. I wondered what they were really up to? Thinking about it I was pretty sure that Winters had one or more of those boxy mutts in his family tree. 
Somewhere in his past there was an unexpected interloper by the name of Angus or Doug who'd mysteriously started a fruitful branch, probably in the Highlands. I'd always wondered what those painting of dogs dressed up in full highland garb were all about, medals pinned to their hairy little chests. Not that there was much hair in evidence with Winters. That was generations for you though. Each one gets taller than the last apparently and in Winters case one step further from the canine and one closer to the battery processed. 
Winters snapped out of his self-induced trance with a sudden jolt. He looked towards me and for a moment seemed to be rather confused.  He took a second to compose himself, raising his eyebrows and stretching his scrawny neck before putting his silver pen down and looking me straight in the eye.
“Seems like we've got a bit of a problem,” he said. 
“Oh. What's that then?” I said.
“We have a thief in our midst.”
“Really, what's been stolen?”
“We'll come to that. Now listen, I'm not singling you out here. I'm having a quiet word with a few people first. I'd like, if possible, to nip this in the bud. It shouldn't be too difficult to find out who the culprit is.”
“I see. I think.”
“Good. Well, it’s been good to talk to you about this. I trust you keep this to yourself. In fact, I insist you do.”
“Of course but you haven't told me anything.”
“No, I haven't.”
“Are you going to?”
“I've made you aware of the problem. Keep vigilant and anything suspicious, report it directly to myself. I'd rather we dealt with this in-house. Don't really want to have to get any outsiders involved if at all possible.”
“Do you mean the police?” 
“Mmm, them too. Hopefully it won't go that far. Good, now, there was something else ...”
I wasn't sure if I was supposed to say anything to that so I just smiled sheepishly in his direction. Winters looked at me as if he didn't recognise me at all, then turned and started staring out of the window as if he was re-running some distant memory. I wondered if I should ask if there was anything else but he suddenly jolted back from his day-dream and said, “Ah yes. You've been out at the Hanover Street works.”
“We were out there the other night.”
“On your own?”
“No, with Engineer Ivor.”
“Ivor, of course. How is the old fellow?”
“It's hard to tell.”
“Ah, he doesn't give much away. It's just his way I suppose. It doesn't stop him from being very good at what he does though. Engineers aren't renowned for their highly honed people skills. Talking of which, have you seen this?”
He pushed a copy of the Daily Target over his desk towards me, tapping the article in question with his silvery pen. I picked it up gingerly, the words 'Gaping Hole appears' jumped off the page and smacked me between the eyes. 
Chapter 6: Gaping hole
Motorists in central Edinburgh face weeks of additional delays after a huge hole opened up in the middle of a main road. The large cavity, said to be over 50 meters across, appeared on Hanover Street during night works to move existing service pipes in the area. The works, being carried out by the troubled cut-price construction firm, AbleCon, and under the supervision of Edinburgh City Council, have run into a series of unexpected problems. An on-site accident which resulted in a lorry becoming stuck in one of the pipe tracks led to a further blunder when an oversized crane was called in to aid in the hapless truck's recovery. The giant machine caused extensive damage to the road surface of George Street, one of the city's most prestigious thoroughfares. A council spokesman insists that the latest incident is in no way related to the monster crane. Raymond Muffly, a roads department official from Edinburgh council, said “Our engineers are launching a full investigation into the cause of this incident. Early indications are that this is a case of localised subsidence due to heavy rainfall.” When pressed on the question of the whether the crane had caused the problem Mr Muffly  replied, “It’s highly unlikely that the hole is in any way related to other activities on the site but this will be confirmed by the investigation now underway.” No-one was injured in this latest incident but residents in the immediate area have been evacuated to temporary accommodation for their own safety. It not know when they will be able to return to their homes.  Further road closures in the area are now in place and motorist are being advised to avoid the George Street area altogether unless absolutely necessary. Although no one was hurt as a result of the subsidence a local pet has been reported missing. Brian Evergreen, a resident of Hanover Street, has lost his beloved pet dog, Nigel. He said “Our little Nigel has gone missing. We haven’t seen him since all the commotion on the night when the hole appeared. It’s not like him to stray away from the flat, he likes his home comforts and really isn’t suited to the streets.  We’re terribly worried about him and just hope that he wasn't swallowed up by that hole the council caused.”
Above the article was a picture of the road with a large hole, now surrounded by a makeshift barrier and cones, clearly visible. A side bar showed a picture of Brian Evergreen, holding a colour photograph of a small brown dog of indeterminate breed.
“So, what have you got to say about all of this then?” asked Winters.
He'd asked the question as if the Hanover hole was my fault. I thought I'd better make this good.
“Well, it’s not really our site. Myself and Ivor that is. We've just been called out a couple of times, to help out.”
“I see, and were you aware of the problems on this site?”
“I could tell they were having some problems, what with the missing pipes and then the oversized crane but I just thought that these are the kind of things that happen on a big job.”
“Mmm' said Winters. “And what about this gaping hole as it’s been reported, I suppose these things just happen too?”
“It says here that there's subsidence due to heavy rainfall.”
“Does it indeed. Sometimes it’s what's not said though, isn't it?”
“I'm not sure if I follow what you mean.”
Winters stared at me and narrowed his eyes. “Not many do,” he said.
I fought back a smirk. “I don't want to say too much, loose talk costs lives you know but I'll be keeping a much closer eye on what's going on down there. It’s one thing digging up half the city looking for missing pipes but it’s quite another when people are losing their pets and the papers start sniffing about. The last thing any of us need is to have that pack of bloodhounds on our scent.”
I nodded in his direction, kidding on I knew what he was going on about. 
“I take it you didn't see any sign of this missing pooch?” 
“No, there was a lot going on that night. Anything could have wandered in and fell down that hole.”
“Well, let’s hope that's not what happened. Keep an eye peeled for him the next time you're
down there. Finding that dog might just give us a bit of a lift in the eyes of Joe Public.”
“I'll keep an eye out for it” I said, with little intention of doing anything of the sort. 
Chapter 7: Experimental robot whales 
I’d been gagging for my day off. There had been far too many troubling events crowding in on my delicate head-space for my liking. I needed some peace to clear out some room in there. I liked my mind mostly empty, just like my brain. They were neighbours, though sometime they weren’t all that friendly.
 I had no intention of going past the door. Of course I would have to: Mr Boots would need to go out for a quick sniff around the Grassmarket and he liked to take me with him. It was the least I could do, after all he spent many a day cooped up in the flat, crossing his legs waiting for me to come from some wayward wandering. That dog had a bladder like a camel’s hump, either that or he’d figured out how to use the toilet. I’d stretched out on the sofa and fired up the television on full mute, plugging myself into the stereo system via an oversized set of headphones that I’d liberated from Castle Sound studios. The television remote was balanced gingerly on my chest. I'd found, through exhaustive research, that this was the best place to position it. There was already a natural groove there, between the chest plates, which stopped it from slipping off and it was just the right distance from my eyes to be able to watch it very closely without having to stare; which I'd noticed could un-nerve it. Keeping that timorous beasty under the watchful eye of peripheral vision was the best way to discourage it from its indulgences in games of hide and seek. The television was on but having the sound muted was my preferred watching mode. TV programs were so much more intriguing if you couldn't hear what they were babbling on about and you had to improvise your own soundtrack. To assist I was listening to the playback of our last gig at a volume approaching danger level. The high-volume-low-quality-indie-rock-music didn't really fit with the repeat showing of the Antiques Road Show; there was something about the screaming feedback and smashing cymbals that was out of character with the shaky handling of a delicate vase in the shape of what appeared to be a squat Chinese midget with his mouth open.
That mouth; the gaping black space; an entrance to an unseen world. I couldn't help thinking of the Hanover Street hole. Where had it come from? Holes don’t just materialise out of nowhere. Had it really been there all along, just waiting to be uncovered by the first over-zealous digger operator? If it didn’t really have anything to do with me then why did I feel so guilty about it then? Was it just paranoia kicking in? What goes around comes around? Perhaps it was my fault somehow, I just couldn’t see it yet. 
I started to feel a heavy weight on my chest. There was a strong smell wafting in the direction of my nostrils. Rotten vegetables or worse. The stress was definitely getting to me. Was this the beginning of the end? Was my life about to flash before my eyes? I braced myself, fully expecting my internal organs to burst open with a flubbery pop!  I opened my eyes to see Mr Boots was lying on top of me. I rolled my eyes and gave him a rub behind his ears. 
In an attempt to cheer myself up I’d eaten my way through a family size box of Bran Flakes, dry, and began to feel rather unwell. My own fault, I knew. I started to flick channels mindlessly; a house was being made-over in an hour by a squad of colour co-coordinated 'workmen'; flick; a slow motion shark tossed a seal up in the air before swallowing it in a single merciless bite; flick; the burnt out shell of a bus; flick; a skinny white rapper standing in a corn field with a windmill turning behind him; flick; the Scottish Space Agency Shuttle “Rob Roy V” was descending through the clouds.
Of course, I knew about the Scottish space program, everybody in Scotland did. This particular mission was a test flight for the latest design of the Scottish Space Shuttle. Early attempts at building a usable craft had ended in the demise of several robotic highlanders and it wasn't until the launch of Rob Roy IV that any actual flight took place. However, the Rob Roy IV was never seen again, losing radar contact somewhere over Dingwall. The Scottish Space Agency, desperate to avoid further public embarrassment, had flirted with the idea of outsourcing the entire project to the Chinese. Press reports blamed the breakdown of this idea on a misunderstanding over the meaning of the term “launch pad.”
I'd decided to watch the shuttle descent. There was something captivating about the wobbly images of the high altitude progress of the craft; packed as it was with the best brains in Scotland, a rare breed indeed. It was a beautiful sight. It glided gracefully across a clear Hebridean sky. Little globes of light began to flare from the back of the orbiter. When I saw them at first I thought of Tinkerbell and her magic wand, setting off sprites of mischief. The bright trails of light burned out behind the main shape of the shuttle. Then, before the watching eyes of the world, the shuttle simply disappeared. It was replaced by vapour trails which scored smoky lines across the skies at super speeds, each one headed by a fiery ball of light. The fireworks tore across the heavens, burning brighter as they picked up speed before finally dipping out of sight below the line of the horizon. What had happened didn’t register with me at first. I was watching all this with the commentary on mute. It was only later that I realised that those lights were the dying sparks of the Scottish space explorers. I didn’t know who they were but when their faces began to flash up on the news reports they looked like good people to me. What a way to go. For some reason I felt an enormous guilt even though I knew it really wasn’t my fault.
I’d never seen the shuttle, not in the flesh anyway. I’d certainly never touched it, not even in my mind. I’d like to state for the record that I was in no way involved with any of its electrical systems and I didn’t have anything to do with sticking on those tiles, the ones that were supposed to keep the space-heat on the outside.
Chapter 8: Driving Mr Boots
In order to clear my head I'd decided to take Mr Boots out for a drive. He liked the car, especially when he got to sit in the front. I'm sure he would have liked to drive but he knew as well as I did that his paws couldn't reach the pedals. Mr Boots wasn't really my dog. He belonged to Mr Ellison, who lived in the flat below me in my block. Mr Ellison had been taken away in an ambulance early one morning and had never come back. I'd thought I'd heard something that night; a weird wailing sound floating up from the rear of the building. I'd been sleeping at the time and can vaguely remember that I was dreaming about being chased through a dark forest by men in great-coats who seemed to be very keen to catch me. I didn't like the look of them or the long barrelled guns they were totting. As such, as I was battering headlong through the trees in the opposite direction; heart in mouth, blood thundering through my temples. I was aware of a moaning sound but didn't really know if it was coming from me or them or some other, as yet unseen, creature that lived in the woods. As it turned out it wasn't any of those things; it was coming from Mr Ellison. Somehow, he'd managed to get himself stuck halfway out of his own bedroom window. He was pinned there, lying face-down with the weight of the ancient sash and case pinning him like an oversized wooden guillotine. He must have been stuck out there all night. It was a bitterly cold November, enough to freeze the giblets off a brass turkey. To this day I don't know how he managed it, I can only assume he was doing a bit of star-gazing and the window had snapped down on him. They had a mind of their own those windows; sometimes they'd glide open easily; sometimes they'd stubbornly remain jammed shut until a sudden change of weather. Leaning out of one was like sticking your head in a giant Venus fly-trap: one snap and you were history. Well, they'd certainly got a mouthful of Mr Ellison. He'd ended up getting such a bite that he never came back. Someone must have heard him and eventually called an ambulance. He'd been carted off leaving Mr Boots looking rather lost and I'd agreed to take him in until Mr Ellison came back. I'd thought it would be a day or two but it turned out that Mr Ellison had then developed some complications in the hospital and got moved to a nursing home where he'd vanished into the new administration system. His file must have slipped down the back of someone’s desk, never to be seen again. Those files can have consequences. I did hope the Mr Ellison was alright and that he wasn’t spending his days wondering where on Earth he was and worrying about what had happened to Mr Boots. 
I'd often seen him in the Grassmarket, clipping around with a long thin stick and chunky square sunglasses on. I was never sure if he was blind or just into seventies fashion. The only other thing that I knew about him was that he liked to listen to the shipping report at four in the morning at a volume high enough to wake the dead. I'd had to knock on his door and have a word with him about that but I wasn't convinced he'd understood anything I'd said. He’d just stood their smirking vacantly, eyes hidden behind his enormous specs as I tried to explain my rude awakenings. I’d wondered afterwards if blind people were on the same body clock as everyone else and whether night and day had the same effect on the need to sleep. Mr Boots had given me a good sniff on that occasion and I reckon he knew what I was talking about. Neither of us had realised at that point that we’d end up together. It took all of two minutes in the car before it dawned on me that driving through the city-centre during rush-hour was probably not the best way of letting out some stress-steam on my day-off. I was stuck in a line of traffic that snaked all the way up Lothian Road. Somewhere up ahead the council was cleaning out gullies with a machine which was designed to sook up the gunk that clogged the city's storm-drains.  It looked like a large yellow barrel on wheels with intestine shaped tendrils hanging off it. These were stuck down the offending drains and then slurped up everything within a quarter mile radius. There must have been all sorts inside that barrel ; mud, leaves, sticks, car-keys, coins, diamond rings, false-teeth, glass-eyes, armies of ants, swarms of rats, tramp body parts and enough evidence to solve several ongoing police investigations. Quite what happened to all of that sooked up goo weighed momentarily on my mind: I just hoped they didn’t pump it into the sea off Portobello.  The wheeled yellow barrel was also very effective at clogging up the traffic when deployed at the correct time and place. I was boxed in; behind and ahead were identical looking Virgin Media transit vans; to my left was an elderly lady wearing a floppy hat in a boxy car that could have been designed by an infant; to my right was an enormous articulated lorry that claimed to be transporting flowers from Holland but I suspected was actually moving something much larger and more sinister: nuclear warheads, perhaps, or experimental robot whales. Mr Boots let out a sigh and settled down for a snooze. I knew how he felt; I probably had time to catch a nap too before we inched forward. In my rear view mirror I could see Virgin-behind honking his horn and waving his arms around excitedly. “We're not going anywhere mate,” I said, knowing he wouldn't hear me. He'd had enough and lurched sideways at high revs, straight into the back of the boxy-kiddy car. I watched as the shunt pitched the elderly lady forward knocking her hat clean off. Virgin-front pulled over in front of boxy and all three drivers got out at the same time. I feared for the welfare on the old woman who was suddenly confronted by two burly blokes in matching red polo-shirts. Ahead of me a gap had opened and the traffic started to move. I floored it. In my rear-view I saw the sight of two men being beaten about the body by a ferocious old woman wielding what looked like a long, green umbrella with the accuracy of a Ninja assassin. “Appearances can be deceptive. You just never know who it is you’re dealing with sometimes,” I said. Mr Boots had sat up and was doing his best to steam up his window. We spluttered up Lothian Road, past the crew with the gully-sooker, who had stopped for a well-earned brew and were now blocking the traffic going in the opposite direction. My petrol gauge was getting dangerously low so I decided to drive uphill just in case it reached empty; free-wheeling was a specialty. “It's all uphill from here,” I said to Mr Boots. He flicked me a quick glace but didn't say anything else; not in well-formed English, anyway. I knew what that look meant though. It meant, “I suspect that you are correct in your reading of the current situation. Parallels to an uphill struggle are no doubt accurate and mildly amusing to someone with less fur although I find the analogy more than a little obvious.” So much meaning in a single movement of the eyes. 
We drove along beneath the line of Salisbury Crags which loomed over us blocking out the light in rectangular slabs of shadow. When we turned off the main road and started the steep ascent of Queen's Drive Mr Boots perked right up, fidgeting excitedly. “You know where you’re going then?” I asked him, but he was staring out of the window too intently to answer. We pulled into the lay by at Dunsapie Loch. Mr Boots let out a single “gruff” and started pawing at the door. “Now listen,” I said to him, “no chasing swans this time, alright? They're not scared of the likes of you, you know. What are you going to do if you get a hold of one anyway?” He looked my directly in the eyes, his mouth open in a panting grin. I knew he understood what I'd said. I also knew it wouldn't make a blind bit of difference. I leaned over and opened his door. I locked the car up and headed for the wide, grassy slope that led to the summit of Arthur's Seat. I'd not got far before I heard a series of loud trumpeting sounds followed by the splish-splash of webbed feet picking up speed across the waters of the small loch. Mr Boots appeared a few seconds later, tearing up the hill in a triumphant charge, his work, for now at least, was done.  I scrambled up to the craggy summit, eventually finding a smooth rock to perch on. Mr Boots was hurtling around like a dog possessed, chasing after phantom smells, diving under gorse bushes and staking out the entrances to rabbit warrens. Eventually he took notice of me shouting, seeming to snap back out of whatever dog-trance he was running deep within. I got a tight hold of him by his collar. He struggled a bit but soon realised I was serious and settled down peacefully. He was an exceptionally bright dog but didn’t seem to register fear in any way that I could rationally predict. I had no idea if he actually appreciated the concept of height and I knew him well enough to know that if a chaseable bird landed near the edge that he’d have been more than happy to leap off into the unknown in order to have a chance of a taste of its tail-feathers. A trick like that up there would have dispatched him over into the bulging annals of dog-deaths by misadventure. I wasn’t taking any chances. I looked out over the view towards the bridges of the Firth of Forth. A hazy smog hung over the rooftops of the city. Edinburgh had been smudged out by the smear of a smoky finger. The firth swept away like the tail of a silvery dragon, disappearing against the sky. A faint dark line marking the landfall of Fife seemed to hang in the air, crowned with wisps of clouds which formed little white crosses against the fading blue sky. The skies were staging their own silent tribute to the vaporised.
Chapter 9: Ghost in the machine
When I got back in the car I noticed that the petrol gauge was now hovering in the middle of the red zone. I knew from experience that I had about one mile left before it gave up the ghost. At least it was mostly downhill from here, freewheeling was a last resort. I’d heard tales of cars that miraculously kept going even though the fuel gauge had hit rock bottom: some kind of ghost in the machine. I'd wondered what type of ghosts would inhabit a car, breathing life into dried out engines, blowing streams of psychic energy up the exhaust pipe. I was sure that these tales were tall in their nature and was proved correct when within spitting distance of home the car coughed up the last remnants of petrol fumes and promptly died on me. I'd managed to snarl up the queue of traffic halfway down Candlemaker Row, causing car based chaos in front of the disapproving statue of Greyfriar’s Bobby. I sat there in my car, wilting under the twin canine gazes of Bobby and Mr Boots. “It's not my fault,” I tried, but Mr Boots didn't look all that impressed. Neither did Bobby.  Poor Bobby, he didn't really deserve to be dipped in bronze and mounted on a plinth in the middle of the pavement. All he did was sniff around in the graveyard of an evening looking for a bit of stick based fun. The crime should really match the punishment. Ten minutes later I suffered the indignity of being hoisted onto the back of a pick-up truck and rumbled over to a small garage near Murrayfield Stadium at significant personal expense. There was nothing wrong with the car apart from the lack of petrol but I had to pay for the ride on the back of the lorry anyway. That evening I cursed the lack of spirit energies circulating in my machinery and vowed to keep the gauge out of the red and not be so gullible in the future when it came to a belief in phantoms. The driver of the pick-up was a compact little man or indeterminate age who shimmied up and down from the high-cab like a furtive simian at play. He was short in stature with unusually long arms which looked as if they had been transplanted from a much taller specimen. His hair had been hacked short and was interspersed with patches of bare flesh, an experimental look that may just catch on amongst the more daring. He was dressed in a one piece boiler suit, which came only part way down his arms. It may well have started of life as blue in colour but now had a less than subtle hint of industrial grease. His chimpish looks made me wonder if there had been another escape from the monkey enclosure at Edinburgh Zoo. Those pesky primates were a lot smarter than they let on and it wouldn't have taken them long to figure out how to start up their own emergency recovery business. 
Outwardly he displayed little humour. Most of the sounds he made were wrapped in short guttural grunts and sharp intakes of breath. The only words he actually spoke were 'sign here', a phrase which was rendered somewhat redundant by his eager tapping of the signature line on the invoice with his dark stubby fingers. This left the form covered in smudged prints, a possible oversight on his part if his paw prints were on Lothian’s most wanted list. I scrolled my signature as requested. He snatched back his pen, tore off my copy in a well-practiced movement before leaping onto the back of the lorry and beginning to doing something acrobatic with a rope and an ominous looking hook. He managed to swing from the flat-bed to the cab without touching the ground and then appeared on top of my car roof while the winch lowered away unmanned. He unhooked, got back in his lorry and drove off before I could say the words I still don't have any petrol.
Chapter 10: Shadowy Creatures
The stars were out by the time I eventually got back to the flat. After all that I couldn’t for the life of me find a parking space and had to drive back up to the Meadows and park on one of the side streets near the parkland. Mr Boots enjoyed the walk back through the city to the Grassmarket but I was on edge all the way: call me a big fearty but walking through the city at night puts the willies up me. The old town of Edinburgh resembles the set of a Hammer horror film when the sun goes down. Shadowy creatures of the night emerge from narrow closes which are dimly lit by creaking lanterns; vampyric shapes are glimpsed hanging around in ancient grave-yards; ghostly phantoms swirl around the sites of public executions; tormented souls howl their anguish at the sky. Looming above it all is the hulking shape of the castle rock and on top of that the castle itself stares out over the city like an all seeing eye watching silently over the restlessly sleeping city. I was glad to close the oversize outside door of my building behind me. Mr Boots shot off up the winding, stone stairs as I leant against the back of the front door for a moment, relieved that I’d made it back without further incident. The boom from the shut door echoed all the way up the stairwell to the top floor where my flat offered a safe haven from both real and imagined unpleasantness. Mr Boots was already pawing at the door to our flat as I started to climb the stairs.
Chapter 11: No ordinary hole
“This is crazy, get out of the way, we've got work to do!” growled Ivor. I was pretty sure that Ivor was going to plant one on one of them, right in front of the photographer from the Daily Target. I focused really hard on the back of Ivor's head in a feeble attempt to transfer my will to his brain. Having Ivor, frozen in mid left-hook, on the front page of tomorrow’s paper would be a proud and happy moment for me. I would frame the cut out and mount it on my mantle. It didn't happen. He was tempted though, I could see his colour changing from the neck up. Always a sign to look out for. Instead, he just barged his way up to the space in the fence that was the entrance to the Hanover Street site. Big Shaggy was acting as a doorman, blocking the entrance to any undesirables with his impressive girth. He held his hand up in a stop signal as Ivor approached, and then noticed who it was and waved him through without another look. 
“What's going on?” I ventured in Ivor's direction once I'd cleared the fence line.
 “There's a lot of loonies out there, must be an outing,” said Ivor.
“Funny place to have one.”
“These are funny times.”
“Is that the same as fun times?”
“Not usually.”
The site was a mess. There were people everywhere and very little actual work going on. A makeshift barrier had been put up around the edge of the hole and all movements around the site were being squeezed into the edges between the barrier and the buildings of Hanover Street. There was a gaggle of hard-hatters standing at a gap in the fence near the hole. Ivor headed straight for them. They turned round when they heard him coming. That's when I noticed that one of them was Winters. He was wearing an oversized raincoat that was tied up tight to his unmistakable neckline. I'd never seen him out on a site before. He was usually strictly office bound. I wondered if they'd found his missing laptop in the hole. He spotted Ivor and gave him one of his odd little smirks. Ivor hesitated for a moment when he saw it was Winters, then carried on anyway. I hurried up to catch them; I didn't want to miss this.
“Ah, Ivor, there you are at last,” said Winters.
“I didn't know you were expecting me,” said Ivor.
“We're waiting for the site engineer to give us an explanation of just what it is that's going on here. That's you isn't it?”
“It certainly is not,” choked Ivor. “I seem to remember that engineering duties were being carried out on the cheap on this site,” he added.
“And what is that supposed to mean?” fumed Winters.
“Employing monkeys might seem like a good idea at the time. You can pay them in peanuts but they are very messy house-guests.” 
“I do hope you're not referring to our Eastern European colleagues as monkeys.”
“I'm sure they've been called worse. And where are they anyway?” asked Ivor.
“I see. So, you're saying you're not the engineer here, so why are you here?”
“I'm on call-out; I'm showing the monkeys which way round the plans go. Best not to leave them too it for too long, they might start losing pipes and digging enormous holes in the street.”
“Well, you're here now, so if you're on call out then you can maybe help explain what's happened here.”
Winters wafted an effeminate hand in the direction of the hole like a royal waving to his subjects.   
Ivor stepped past Winters and looked over the edge, down into the hole. Ivor just stood there, staring down into the blackness for what seemed to me to be an age. A strange quiet came across the scene. Nobody spoke. Nobody moved. No-one made any sarcastic comments. It was strangely peaceful. I began to feel a bit light-headed and thought I could hear a violin playing in the distance, perhaps is was engineer Darrius, playing a lament to his homeland. Ivor broke the spell; the violin sound stopped abruptly. He bent down, picked up a small rock, and tossed it into the hole. Everyone waited for the sound of it hitting the bottom. After a few seconds and no plop Ivor turned to Winters and said “You're the man with authority here. If you want my advice you'll get this site closed down and the area cleared before we all drop through to the centre of the Earth.”
Chapter 12: Snail’s Pace
“Nicely done Ivor. Don't you think you're being just a bit melodramatic though?”
Ivor shook his head and continued to drive at a snail’s pace back across the city. 
“I see you're not driving like a maniac any more either. Are you coming down with something?” 
I was expecting a grunt or perhaps a rolling of the eyes. Nothing too energetic. That wasn't his style. What I didn't expect was the words that came out of his mouth;
“That's no ordinary hole in the road.”
“Really?” I was listening now. Ivor knew his holes alright.
“No. Not ordinary at all”
“Isn't it just a sink hole or some localised subsidence?”
“At the top maybe. Edinburgh's riddled with underground tunnels so it could be falling through into an existing system. There was nothing like that on the geo reports though, not the ones I saw.”
“Maybe Ablecon did them?” 
“Could have been but that's not what I mean. A day ago you could see the bottom and probably climb in and out of it with a ladder. Not now. It's massive now. It could run right the way under the city centre.”
“Better get my shopping done sharpish then. I need some new togs for our gig on Saturday, don't fancy trying to pick my way around an earthquake zone.”
“If you've got any sense you'll not be venturing anywhere near the city centre while all this is going on.”
He looked straight at me. I didn't need to ask him if he was being serious.
Chapter 13: Over the News
It was all over the news; TV, Radio, newspapers, internet, jungle drums, Chinese whispers and grapevines were all red-hot. There's nothing like a disaster-zone for drawing in the crowds. Winters had done exactly what Ivor had asked and shut down the site. That must have been painful.  Taking orders from a grumpy git like Ivor would have been hard for Winters to swallow at the best of times and this wasn't one of them. Winters must have realised that he could be getting dropped in it big-time when the pass-the-parcel of blame came round for this one. Of course, he'd do his best to dodge the bullet but when your whole site becomes a hole and takes half the city-centre with it then someone is going to swing for it. It was just fortunate that no-one had actually disappeared into the abyss. No-one that we knew of anyway. The only reported missing was that odd looking dog that lived nearby. Shutting the site down was the only thing to do in the circumstance. Waiting for a day or two could have proved even more disastrous. Cracks were appearing all over the city-centre. The entire mini-roundabout at the junction of Hanover Street had sunk into the hole. This included the bronze statue of King George IV and its entire plinth. A giant fault-line crack had appeared along the line of Thistle Street before disappearing suddenly below the cobbles like the trail of some giant subterranean sand-worm.  Of course, all of this had stirred up a frenzy of media interest. The Why TV helicopter was doing constants sweeps of the area showing live shots of the latest situation in their rotation of 15 minute update reports. Convoys of mobile broadcast vans had swarmed into the city. Turf wars had broken out in St Andrews Square where rival news teams vied for the limited parking spaces. The traffic wardens were in their element; it was like spearing fish in a barrel. They simply walked round and round in circles, slapping tickets on the huge vans as soon as their parking tickets expired. They were making a fortune. At one point they attempted to have a XYZ mobile broadcast unit towed away by the councils biggest tow truck but it was so bulky that the tow truck was in danger of toppling over when they eventually got it loaded up. This looked like shades of the sinking crane to me. Some lessons are never learned. In this instance, a hasty deal was done between the XYZ crew and the wardens. It was pretty obvious to onlookers that the wardens had been bought off with some kind of sweetener; probably a walk on part in some upcoming mega mini-series based on current events. 
The gardens in St Andrews square had become a makeshift camp for the journo types with the queues of well coiffured types lining up outside the coffee shop which was doing a roaring trade as were the newly arrived influx of burger-vans and buskers all keen to cash-in on the new arrivals. 
The Daily Target, keen to capitalise on their early entry into the story had published a pull-out on the 'Hanover Hell Hole' with strips of photos from the scene including the ones from the first night when Ivor and I had been in the thick of the action. I'd laughed at first  when I saw it, chuffed that I'd made it into the local paper at last and not really all that bothered that it wasn't music related. I wasn’t sure what that said about me or my muso ambitions but I didn't dwell on it for too long. Inevitably, Ivor wasn't so chipper about it. 
There was a clear shot of the two of us looking down into the newly born hole with our council issue hard hats in full display. “We'll not hear the end of this” proclaimed the profit of doom. “Bloody paparazzi. I didn't think they'd be bothering the likes of me.” “A nice keepsake,” I replied “it's not every day you get your picture in the paper.” 
Ivor just glowered, a favoured countenance. 
“This isn't the kind of thing you want to be associated with. Mud sticks you know. This might not have been our fault but that doesn't mean we won't end up taking the blame for it. This puts us right in the frame. It’s the association that’s damaging. You might not realise that but there are plenty of people out there that do. You'll notice that Winters is nowhere to be seen. No good's going to come of this. Not for me and not for you.” 
“Alright I-man, lighten up will you? You can hardly make us out anyway.”
 “Heads will roll for this one, just mark my words. I've got a face that doesn't fit and this will make it all too easy to get me out of the way.”
“Look Ivor, if they wanted to get rid of you all they'd need to do is sack you or pay you off anyway. We're working for the council here, not the mafia. You don't need to be 'disappeared', you just need a letter saying come and collect your jotters!”
Ivor wasn't the only one whose face didn't fit. I was in the much the same boat. That's probably why I'd been paired with Little Miss Sunshine in the first-place. Still, I couldn't see what advantage there would be in getting rid of me over this. I worked for peanuts and was well suited to holding the dumb end of a tape measure. Temps could be let go at any time; the clue was in the name. A phone call saying 'don't bother coming back' was all that was needed. Ivor, however, was probably going to find his jacket hanging on a rather shoogly peg from now on. He didn't exactly build relationships; there was definitely some history between him and Winters.”
With the Hanover site closed down Ivor and myself had been confined to the office. Winters had breezed past first thing and given us our instructions. “Best for you two to lie low for a few days,” he said “why don't you catch up on your admin and whatever else you need to do around the office. Try not to get anymore pictures in the paper. We're going to get quite a bit of flak about all this so no need to throw more petrol on the fire. We've not seen the last of Hanover Street but for the next few days you'd best stay away while they make the place safe and check whether it's about to bring the whole street down.” 
I still needed to get something new to wear for the Saturday gig so I decided to skip out for a long lunch. No sooner was I out on the street than I was accosted by a brunette in a long raincoat with a short pencil and a notepad. “Hi there,” she said in my direction.
 “Hi,” I said, wondering who she was and what was going on. I'm not the kind of person that random women come up and introduce themselves too for no good reason. 
“You off for lunch then?” she asked. 
“Something like that,” I said. 
“Mind if I get you along the road a bit?”  
I was a bit flummoxed at this. I could understand if it was a case of mistaken identity but she was pretty close up now so surely she must have realised I wasn't who she thought I was. 
Could it be that I'd scored? Perhaps I was projecting some new found animal magnetism that was proving irresistible to passing women? I'd heard of a new pheromone boosting deodorant but I'd only contemplated picking some up; surely that wasn't enough to actually work? I was impressed if it was and would be heading straight to the chemist to see what results were achieved if I actually doused myself in the elixir of attractiveness.  
Meanwhile the suspicious voice that runs most of my conversations with women had barged past and already started to speak: “Sorry dear, do I know you?” I asked, suspiciously. I glanced at her furtively, not wanting to appear too keen. She was certainly pretty enough; sparkly green eyes, one positioned on each side of her face. It was a look that worked for me. I wondered if she'd been at a gig or something. Yes, that could be it. She was a groupie-stalker type, intoxicated by our electric performances and mind bending music to rush up to band members in the street and beg for favours including autographing her ankles. Or something along those lines. That would explain the pencil and notepad too. She was a random autograph hunter. That was it. 
“I'm not sure,” she said rather coyly, “are you from the city?”
 “Well, not exactly, but I live here now. Have you been to one of our gigs or something, is that where you know me from?” 
“Oh yeah,” she said, “what's your band called?” 
“Six million dollar monkey,” I said. 
“Ha, cool name. I've not really heard of you to be honest but I'll be sure to check you out. No, it’s nothing like that. I'm from the Daily Target; I'm working on the Hanover Street story. You were there when it all happened weren't you?”
“Oh right, well, not exactly but I was there.” 
“Thought so. I recognised you from the photos. Any chance of a wee chat about what actually happened?”
“You mean for the paper?”
“Yeah, do you mind, you'd be doing me a big favour,” she winked at me and for some involuntary reason my eyes tried to pop out of my head. “Well, I'm not sure if I should to be honest with you.”
“Why not? Have you been gagged?” 
“Gagged? No, no, nothing like that. As if. No, it’s just that there's not really all that much to say.” “I'm sure that's not true. It’s not every day that a big hole appears in the centre of the city.” 
“What can I say; it’s a hole in the ground. They happen. They just appear. It’s like they have their own arrival schedule or something.  A bit of an unwanted guest usually, I mean, they're not exactly popular. They don't get invited to many parties, do they?” 
She looked at me as if I was I was monkey short of a tea-party. I'd probably said too much already. I'd attempt a recovery. “At least no-one fell in it,” I laughed. 
“Really?” she replied, “are you sure no-one has fallen in. How do you know for certain?” 
“I don't know for certain, not 100 per cent anyway but I'm pretty sure we'd have noticed if someone had.”
“Someone could have slipped in un-noticed, a passer-by perhaps. What about that dog that's gone missing from the street, has it been found in the hole?”
“Not that I know of. Dogs run off all the time. One minute your out for a walk, having a good sniff of your local patch and the next thing you’re chasing after a bus trying to sink your teeth into its tyres. I've seen it happen with my own two eyes. I've never understood the attraction myself but then I’m not a dog.”
“I see,” she said, still looking at me oddly, “so do you think this hole was caused by the council's incompetence?”
“What? No, it's got nothing to do with the council.”
“It must have something to do with them. It's a council run site isn't it?”
“Well yes, I suppose so but it’s nobody’s fault. It’s not some kind of mistake that caused the hole. It’s not man-made. The hole was already there, we just, erm, uncovered it.” “But surely you must have known that there was a giant hole underneath the street that you just happened to be digging up anyway. Don't you do surveys and the like before you send the diggers in?” “Of course they do and as far as I know there was no sign of anything unusual. Look, it could be a perfectly normal explanation, local subsidence or the like; the city is riddled with underground passages, old railway tunnels, vaults, streams - you name it, it’s down there. It’s just unlucky that we disturbed this one and the whole street seems to have gone in with it.” 
“It looks like it’s a bit more than just unlucky though doesn't it? I mean, potentially, this is going to cost the council a fortune. Someone is liable for this. The council could end up shelling out for reinstating the whole of the affected area. The way things are going that could be a sizeable chunk of the city-centre. People have had to be evacuated from their homes, businesses closed, cracks appearing all over the place. Not to mention King George; he’s disappeared completely!”
She was right. I hadn’t thought of it that way. It was dawning on me that I shouldn’t be speaking to here though. Sparkling green eyes or not. I was only digging myself further and further into a hole not entirely of my own making. I decided that playing the daft-laddie might be a quick way-out.
“I wouldn’t know about any of that. I’m just a temp with the council; one of the workers, a drone; a wee cog in a big wheel. All that kind of thing. Didn’t realise it was all going to become so cloak and dagger. I’m sure it’s not really as bad as it seems. I mean, it could have been a lot worse”. I hadn’t even convinced myself, let alone her. 
“Alright, I hear what you’re saying. So, can you give me the name of the official that’s responsible for the site – you know, the head honcho as it were?” 
“No, I don’t think so.”  
“You have been gagged haven’t you?”
“I couldn’t possibly comment on that. Or anything else. Blabbing to you isn’t going to do much for my popularity at the council and I need the job so if you don’t mind …”
“Well, maybe your band will take off and you can pack in your temping job and live the life of a bona-fide rock-star.”  
“Chance would be a fine thing but I’m not holding my breath.”
“Well, thanks for talking to me. Hopefully we can talk again.” With that she thrust something into my hand and strode off. It was a card, a business card. It said:
RUBY LOVEGROVE Reporter Daily Target 
Chapter 14: Back to Hanover
“Get your stuff,” said Ivor.
“Are we going out? I thought we were supposed to be confined to base?”  I said.
“Well, the same people who wanted us to do that now want us to do something else. We’re just the puppets in this play you know, best get used to it,” said Ivor.
“Puppets, nice one,” I said.
“Not really,’ said Ivor “being puppet might be great if you like getting yanked about all over the place but I don’t. I much prefer to know what I’m supposed to be doing from one day to the next, no strings attached.”
“Spoken like a true loner,” I said.
Ivor just looked at me. I got ready to dodge whatever it was that got hurled in my direction. Thankfully it was only more words on this occasion. 
“I don’t like being jerked about like this. It’s not our fault that this hole has appeared. They should be letting us get on and do our job; it would turn out better for everyone,” said Ivor.
“So, where are we off to?” I asked.
“Where do you think?” said Ivor.
“Hanover Street? I thought that was well out of bounds,” I said.
“It is, but they need a hand with the survey. Apparently there are some ‘anomalies’ and Winters wants his best men on it,” said Ivor
“And they’re busy?” I said
“Exactly,” said Ivor, “so we’re getting the shout.”
“Did Winters speak to you about this personally?” I asked.
“Not exactly. He left a message on my desk. It's signed and in his handwriting. I’d recognise that spiders-trail anywhere. He wants us to report back to him when the survey is done.”
“Nice of him to apply the personal touch,” I said.
“That’s not really his style. Not around me anyway,” said Ivor.
“I can see that. You have a bit of history with our Mr Winters don’t you?” I asked.
“You could say that. Anyway, this isn’t getting us to where we’re supposed to by. Get your stuff together and let’s get a move on,” said Ivor.
Chapter 15: Cormack and Ivor descend 
Ivor descended the first steps of the upper ladder. I followed behind gingerly; heights didn't mix well with my delicate disposition.  It wasn't long before the light level dimmed sharply; every step a little darker; the gloom seeped into my eyes. I could hardly see my own hand clutching onto the rungs of the ladder for dear life. 
“Switch on your lamp,” echoed an eerie voice from below me in the pit.
I really did hope it belonged to Ivor. I did what I was told but it only added a hazy glimmer to the overall scene. I made the mistake of looking down. I knew I shouldn't but that didn't seem to prevent it happening. If there had been a fire I'd probably have stuck my hand in it. A wave of vertigo washed across me from the cotton wool in my head down to my tingling little toes which felt detached from my feet. They seemed hell-bent on slipping the oppressive shackles of the ladder to make a short step to freedom. I had to use all my strength not to succumb to the persuasiveness of my scheming toes and save myself from a long, swooning swan-dive. I snapped back and re-tightened my grip. Just look straight ahead, I told myself. Not down, not up, just straight. I reached the landing. Ivor had stopped to wait for me. I could only make out the whites of his eyes and a weird glow which seemed to be coming from his all-purpose jacket. It had probably been dipped in something radioactive as some point and was now in its element.
“Is this it?” I asked.
“This is the first landing,” said Ivor.
“Are we at the bottom?” I asked. 
“No, we're at the first landing. They've gone down twelve levels according to those who know,” said Ivor.
“Twelve?” I said in disbelief, “I don't know if my brain can cope with that. Are we going all the way to the bottom?”
“That's the idea, they want an accurate measure on how far down it goes,” said Ivor.
“Couldn't we just take a guess?” I asked.
“That's how you get into this kind of mess in the first place. Taking shortcuts, guessing because it’s too difficult to measure. This is the job we've been given so we might as well do it right,” said Ivor.
I was afraid he'd been going to say that. 
“We need a canary and cage for this kind of work, what are we going to do if we get stuck down here?” I said.
“There are worse things in the world,” said Ivor.
“I can't think of any at the moment. We're groping our way into a hole with no bottom with only a couple of AA batteries for protection. It’s not exactly fool-proof,” I moaned. 
“Well, I'm no fool so where does that leave you?” said Ivor.
I decided not to answer that. The last thing I needed was for Ivor to go off in the huff and start leaving banana skins on the rungs. We continued down to the next level. Ivor was closer now; I could hear him panting just below me, his chest sounding like a squeeze box. The air was developing an awful heaviness, I was starting to pant too and my mouth was filling with the taste of the damp earth underworld into which we were descending. I stood on something soft and was met with a welcoming, “Get off my head you idiot!”
“Sorry Ivor, I didn't realise you'd stopped,” I said.
“You could have knocked us both off - watch where you're going!” he barked out of the gloom. I could see his snarling teeth but not much else. Just as well I wasn’t wearing six inch stilettoes. 
“I didn't know you had stopped. I can’t see a thing. We need better gear for this kind of job Ivor. You know, proper lamps and some breathing kit. We shouldn't be down as deep as this. Winters will do his nut if we get stuck down here and he had to organize rescue.”
Ivor said nothing for a while but I could hear the little tartan hamster that controlled his brain whirring through a Scottish sword dance at double speed. That rabbit foot was getting a good rubbing as well if I wasn't mistaken. Suddenly, Ivor lit up like a Christmas tree. 
“What the ...” I blurted. I thought for a second he'd been the victim of an unexpected spontaneous human combustion. However, he didn't disintegrate into a heap of smoky ash; he just stood there, lit up like a scary exhibit in a wax museum. He didn't move for several seconds which only added to the frantic cadence of my thumping heart. Finally, he blinked and the source of the flooding light materialised on the platform next him. 
“Alright there men,” said the creature, “you've made it down to level three I see, just another nine to go.”
I could tell it was Old Lachlan as the lamp-light was sparkling off the toes of his heavily polished boots. Quite how he kept them so well buffed down here was a conversation I'd didn't want to get into at that point.
“What a fright you gave us,” I said.
“Were you expecting someone younger?” asked Old Lachlan.
“Not exactly, Just a bit of a warning before you emerged from the bowels of hell,” I said.
“It's not too bad once you get further down. Anyway, do you not have a decent lamp with you?” he asked.
“No, the Council is on a cost cutting drive. They rather send us down here in the dark with a couple of candles than splash out on another torch,” I said.
“That's the way of the world these days,” said Old Lachlan.
“Have you been down there yourself?” asked Ivor.
“No, there are a couple of men further down. We're checking the ladders. The first night we lost one off the bottom. We've not found it yet. It must have fallen all the way through,” said Old Lachlan.
“All the way through?” I said. “How far down does it go?”
“That's what we don't know. This is just a funnel of some kind. It seems to widen out further down but we really need to get down there for a proper look,” said Old Lachlan.
“Are you going to get a measure on it Ivor?” asked Old Lachlan.
“That's what they've asked for,” said Ivor.
“That won't be easy. It doesn't drop straight down. It hits a ledge at one point and then there's an opening further along. You'll need to do it in sections if you're trying to get all the way down but we've not got ladders down into that second drop yet. I'm not sure if they'll want us going any deeper than we already are, you just don't know how far down this whole thing might go,” said Old Lachlan.
“Well, we'll just have to do what we can. We're not miners and who knows how much time we've got before it all moves again. The lad here is getting twitchy enough as it is without having great slabs of rock falling on him. We wouldn't want anything too heavy landing on his poor wee head,” said Ivor.
“He might have a point though, all of this has come from somewhere and the whole lot could come down at any point. Here's us poking about in the bowels of the beast with not a care for our own delicate skeletons. Just because it hasn't collapsed in doesn't mean that it won't,” said Old Lachlan.
“We'd best be getting on with it then,” said Ivor.
“Here, take this,” said Old Lachlan, passing over his heavy-duty torch. 
“I can make it up to the surface easily enough from here. I wouldn't hang around down here any longer that you have to, there’s no need to be poking a stick at a sleeping dog. Don't worry though, we'll know where you are if it does go,” said Old Lachlan. 
“Of course,” he added, “that doesn't mean we'll be able to get you back out again though. You have been warned!” 
Off he went up the ladder towards the small triangle of light that marked the entrance of the shaft. We watched him skip up those ladders with the motivation of a mountain goat. Old Lachlan may well have been stepping up to the ancient line but he seemed to have muscles constructed from an elastic based material. I couldn't help but be impressed. Ivor was watching him too. He was still breathing hard and I wondered if he was really spooked at what we were getting ourselves into. He was made from different materials to Old Lachlan that was for sure. 
“Alright Ivor, will we get on with it?” I said.
“We'll use this,” said Ivor who was staring longingly at the torch Old Lachlan had left.
“Good idea,” I said.
“I'll light the ladder from above and you climb down - we'll do it one ladder at a time. We can take turnabout so we're not both groping about in the dark, alright?” said Ivor.
And that's what we did. I'm not sure how long it took us to get down the remaining series of ladders, the deeper we reached the less palatable the air became. I began to gasp for breath and a creeping chill seeped into my bones but I was determined not to be the one that called it a day. I'd had enough of Ivor's jibes and I was pretty sure that he was suffering even more than. We’d just have to see who cracked first.
Chapter 16: After the descent
I don’t know exactly what happened. All I remember is getting deeper and deeper into the hole and then some kind of a noise – an awful groaning sound from within the earth itself – followed by a sudden shifting and the horrible realization that I was falling through the air, down into the hole. The next thing I knew I was on the surface, looking up at a circle of faces I’d never seen before who were staring at me as if I was a corpse. “He’s coming round,” said one of faces, and I was unceremoniously bundled into the back of a vehicle and trundled off.  I woke up with my face sticky-wet, the unmistakable aroma of dog-breath filled my nostrils. 
“Mr Boots!” I said, confused how I’d managed to materialize back into my own flat.
I wondered if I’d just wandered out of the Hanover hole, through a door, and into my own flat but I couldn’t see how that was possible. I sat up, groping at Mr Boots silky soft ears. My vision was swimming in and out of focus. I stared across the room at a shape I didn’t recognize which was sitting on the couch. A shape that was staring back at me, silently. Some of its features looked vaguely familiar; its face was blood red; it was draped in what looked like a dirty white sheet, which had short sleeves; it appeared to have a noose dangling around its neck. I looked deep into the blackness of the phantom’s eyes. It stared back at me and I just knew: it was the ghost of engineer Ivor, I was sure of it. I didn’t say a word. Ivor’s ghost didn’t say a word. An unsettled Mr Boots looked expectantly at me, then over to the couch and then began licking the back of my hand. I was almost certain I wasn’t dreaming. Was I dead? Oh no, who was going to let Mr Boots out for his daily sniff? Worse still, whatever kind of afterlife this was I was stuck in it with Engineer Ivor. We must have met our doom in the Hanover hole. I knew Ivor should never have answered that phone. Hang on though, how come Mr Boots is here? Did he follow us into the hole somehow?  The little pipe in my head that lets thoughts flow through suddenly jammed up with one too many pieces of brain-gunk. My brain was blocked; frozen. I just sat there unable to move, unable to speak, just staring at Ivor’s ghost. A solitary thought managed to drip through: This is hell.
“Are you a ghost?” I asked the ghost. It just looked straight through me and moved not a muscle, exactly like Ivor would have done. 
I knew what I had to do to break the spell. “Will I put on some music?” I said. 
“Not unless you want another knock on the head,” said Ivor’s ghost. 
The spell was broken. A torrent of thoughts gushed through my brain: Mr Boots in a pea-green boat sinking ever deeper into a spinning pool; Ivor, astride a mountain top, stone tablets in hands; a fabulous underground city; a giant monkey face carved into the side of a mountain …
“You’ve had quite a time of it, we both have,” said Ivor, “you managed to come off a bit worse than me though. They said in the hospital that there’s no physical damage but they’re not so sure about your mental state. That’s why they asked us to stay with you and keep a close eye. It’s my shift …” 
“How long have I been out?” 
“You’ve been drifting for a couple of days now. Looks like you’re back with us now though.”
“What happened, can you remember?”
“Not everything. One of the platforms we were climbing down collapsed.  I think the hole caved in and we just dropped. We were damned lucky the shaft above didn’t go. We must have dropped about the depth of one section. They managed to get us out within a few hours.” 
“Was I out cold?”
“Most of the time. You were coming round and babbling away from time to time, not making much sense, nothing new there.”
“Thanks, I don’t remember much. Was there someone else down there?”
Ivor looked at me and his brow furrowed into a puzzled expression. “We were probably a couple of hundred feet down, I think I would have noticed if someone had just strolled by,” he said.
“I know that but I do remember Old Lachlan appearing completely out of the black.”
“True, but he was topside not long after and his lads ended up above us so they got themselves out when they heard the bowels move.”
“We were lucky then?”
“You could call it that. Damn stupid is another thing you could call it. We should never have been down there in the first place without the right kit. Something like that was bound to happen.”
“How’s your jacket,” I asked.
“Its fine,” said Ivor.
“Where is it?”
“It’s over there on the back of that chair.”
“Rabbits foot?”
“Took a good rubbing. Reckon it had a hand in getting us out in one piece.”
“A hand eh, don’t you mean a foot?”
“I see you’re feeling a bit more like yourself,” said Ivor.  
Chapter 17: A tighter and tighter ball 
It probably shouldn’t have come as that much of a surprise. I had taken a knock to the head after all. I’d also been pulled out of a large hole in the ground. And drifted in and out of consciousness for days on end. On top of all that I played in the worst band in Scotland. The pressure was mounting, something had to start to give.  Still, it was more than a little troubling. The thing was that if it was just a dream then I could accept that: who knew how dreams were thrown together on the inside of your own head. It just didn't seem like a dream. I was sure I was starting to remember what had actually happened in the hole. That was the disturbing bit. Every time I felt myself starting to fade out into a sleepy unconsciousness I found myself back there, crawling through the gloom in the direction of a faintly lit opening.  Ivor was just up ahead, his jacket giving off a weirdly radioactive glow. He arrived at the opening and stood up. I heard him say the words: “For the love of the wee man ...” I wondered if he'd come face to face with the beasty that had been causing all the trouble underground. “What is it Ivor?” I whispered to him as insistently as I could without bringing the whole house down on our heads.  Predictably, Ivor didn't answer. I crawled up next him and hoisted myself to my feet. Ivor was frozen solid, his mouth standing open and his eyes staring into the distance. He looked like he'd been turned to stone. I waved my hand in front of his eyes but he didn't flinch. And then I saw why. The passage opened up into an enormous underground chamber, easily the size of the inside of a huge cathedral. The chamber was so perfectly symmetrical it appeared to have been painstakingly carved out of the rock by master-craftsmen. The walls looked as smooth as polished glass and were lined with shadow-arches which allowed a faint glimpse of a stairway or passage beyond. The ground had been levelled into a perfect floor, laid out in regular squares which stretched off into the distance as far as I could see in the gloomy light. A line of pillars marked out the centre of the space, towering up like the boughs of ancient trees the tops of which disappeared into the lofted gloom. The top of the chamber was shrouded in a cloud of darkness which was only broken by jagged, glimmering shapes which hung down from the black like crooked fingers. On the far side of the chamber a series of wide steps led up to a raised area where the altar would have been in a cathedral. Except they didn’t lead up to an altar, not one like I’d ever seen before anyway. The stone wall at the top of the steps was as wide as my field of vision and reached up well over 100 feet before completely disappearing into the dark. I thought my eyes were playing tricks at first. Perhaps it was just the light throwing random shadows into a shape that my mind then put together into something recognizable. Or maybe it was the effects of the rarefied air, squeezing my throbbing brain into a tighter and tighter ball; one which would slip over into the realms of hallucination. If that was what was happening to me then it was happening to Ivor too. Taking up the entire space of the altar wall was an enormous carving which had been hewn out of the rock into an unmistakably lifelike figure: it was a massive monkey head. We both stood and stared at it. I don’t know what I was expecting to happen, perhaps we were giving it an opportunity to evaporate into the rock before our eyes and we could both breathe a sigh of relief. Instead, there was nothing but eerie silence which lasted until an awful guttural groan began from somewhere below. 
“Ivor, can you remember what happened when we were down there? It’s just I’ve been having some very weird dreams, even weirder than usual that is, and I think I’m starting to remember more of what happened, you know, on the underside,” I said. 
“I can remember clear enough and I know that both me and you used up more than one of our nine lives that day,” said Ivor.
“There’s no arguing with that. Here’s me thinking I was a dog-person as well,” I said.
“Looks like you’re more of a puss than you thought, I suspected as much,” said Ivor.
“It’s just that I keep thinking that we saw something down there, you know, something that shouldn’t have been down there,” I said.
“I’ll tell you what shouldn’t have been down there,” said Ivor.
“What’s that?” I said
“Us!” said Ivor.
“Well, granted, it wasn’t exactly our finest hour,” I said.
“It was very nearly our final hour. That wasn’t our fault. There are some eventualities you just can’t plan for. No amount of fancy lights and rope would have helped us much,” said Ivor.
“That’s what I mean. It was stupid of us to go down there,” I said.
“They should never have sent us down there in the first place. Nobody wants to lose their job. We all have to eat after all but there are some corners that shouldn’t get cut,” said Ivor.
“I’m not disagreeing with you on that one but I am having some problems getting my head around what happened. Just before the house came down, did we see something, you know, something rather freaky?” I said.
“Freaky?” said Ivor.
“Come on Ivor, you know what I’m getting at, don’t you?” I said.
Ivor turned away from me and looked off into the distance. The little tartan hamster that lived in his head had stopped at the side of a remote road to ponder the stars. I thought that I probably had enough time to go for a cup of tea and a lie down. 
“I know my own mind,” started Ivor. “And, I’ve an extremely good memory. Not only that but I know for a fact that my skull is unusually thick. I’ve had that many knocks to the head I could hammer in nails with it. I’m also old enough to know that there are things in this world that I don’t understand. Some of those things are walking about on the surface. Some of them are up there in the sky, out of reach and out of sight. As for the underside, well, you just don’t give it that much thought do you? I’ve dug up enough roads to know there are some queer things down there. Pipes that have just disappeared. Vaults and structures that weren’t marked on any maps. I’ve broken through into underground rail tunnels that no one remembered and rivers that had never seen the light of day for a century. There are some strange fish living in those place I can tell you that much too. I’ve seen some queer bones uncovered. You don’t have to look too far in this world to know that sometimes whole cities have been buried, forgotten about and built on top of, only to be rediscovered centuries later and turned into tourist attractions. This town is full of buried secrets and I for one don’t want to be waking up anything that’s been more than happy while it’s underground and asleep,” said Ivor.
“I’d agree with all that Ivor but when we were down there, did you see what I think I saw?” I asked. 
“Your head is full of broken biscuits at the best of time. Do you really know what you saw? The air is mighty thin down there and there are all sorts of gases wafting around in those spaces. Who knows what kind of effect that could have on the feeble-minded. That’s before you even think about how dark it is, how scary it is and how your brain will put together all sorts of shadowy shapes just to put the frighteners on you for its own strange enjoyment,” said Ivor.
“I see, are you saying that whatever it was I think I saw was just a figment of my imagination?” I said.
“Have you ever seen a face in bedclothes? Or a cloud shaped like a flag or a giant hand? Ever seen a shadow creeping along a wall or caught your reflection unexpectedly in a shop window and not recognized yourself?” asked Ivor.
“Well yes, but I’m not convinced that was what was happening down there. The more my memory clears the more I think that we did actually see, you know, something,” I said. 
“We didn’t see anything,” said Ivor angrily. “I don’t see the world through your eyes and you don’t see it through mine. You can’t assume that just because you thought you caught a fleeting glimpse of something down there that I saw it as well,” said Ivor.
“It wasn’t a fleeting glimpse or a darting shadow or the shape of Jesus on a piece of toast. That chamber had been carved painstakingly out of the rock and so had that thing that was staring back at us!” I said.
“I don’t know what that was down there or where on Earth it had come from. If you wanted me to swear on the bible about what I saw then I couldn’t be sure about any of it,” said Ivor.
“You did see something then, the chamber at least was real?” I asked.
“Aye, there’s some kind of space down there. I couldn’t say where it had come from. It certainly looked like it had been shaped by hand but that doesn’t mean anything. All it shows is that there had been people down there before us,” said Ivor.
“The place was huge Ivor, don’t you think someone would have known that it was there?” I asked.
“Maybe they do. Anyone who did know about it wouldn’t be going around  telling the likes of us about it,” said Ivor.
“So why didn’t it appear on any of the plans for the Hanover Street works?” I said.
“The council only look back to the last set of plans for the area. If it wasn’t marked up by the last survey then it won’t be shown. That doesn’t mean it’s not there though, does it? We both know how the council work, don’t we?” said Ivor.
“You’re still avoiding the elephant in the room?” I said, looking Ivor straight in the eye.
“Elephant was it? Funny looking elephant if you ask me. I knew you didn’t see things the same as me. If that was an elephant then at least one of us is needing their eyes examined as well as their heads,” said Ivor with an unheard of wink.
Chapter 18: Raising of an eyebrow
“I knew it Mr Boots” I said.
Mr Boots pricked his ears up and raised an eyebrow but didn’t animate any further. He knew what I was saying but liked to just listen and take it all in. That dog’s brain was like a sponge; I shuddered to think what was sloshing about in there.
“There’s something down there. We didn’t know it; the contractors didn’t know it and the council certainly didn’t. We seem to have broken through and that’s where Hanover Street has gone: down into the hole that was there all along,” I said, waiting for some reaction from my fur covered companion.
“There must have been some sort of structure. My guess would be a huge building that has been buried and forgotten about. A cathedral, a school or maybe a town hall. God only knows how long it’s been down there, it must be hundreds of years, I’ll need to check when Hanover Street was built. Surely they must have known back then what was down there. Why bury it completely? Now we’ve somehow managed to break through its roof only to find that a lot of the insides are still intact.” I said.
I stared at Mr Boots and he stared back. I could sense that he didn’t fully believe me. I wondered if I was right about this. A single building buried deep underground wouldn’t explain the other holes appearing all over the city centre. And where was that awful sound coming from? Wasn’t that what was triggering the holes in the first place? I settled down for a snooze, hoping that as I closed my eyes that my dreams would remain topside and sunny. 
Chapter 19: Winter’s warmer 
“Ah, there you both are, come in and take a seat.”
We did as we were told. Entering Winters office like this always felt like you’d been summoned to the head masters room after you knew you’d done something wrong but thought you’d got away with it; it was tense and awkward and you were just waiting to get belted then expelled from school. 
“Good, good. Glad to see you are both looking so well. Dreadful business all in all,” said Winters, rather sheepishly.
“Yes it was,” said Ivor. 
“Quite. Well at least you are both unharmed,” said Winters.
“I wouldn’t say that, the lad here was out cold for days. God only know what kind of damage that’d done to his brain,” said Ivor.
“His brain you say, are you having any problems in that area?” asked Winters.
“Well, I don’t know if you’d call them problems as such; disturbed sleep, strange memories surfacing, an increased fear of holes. That kind of thing,” I said.
“Perfectly understandable. I suffer from most of those as well. Never did like the sight of an unexpected hole – always had an overwhelming compulsion to just jump in,” said Winters.
“Don’t let us stop you,” muttered Ivor. 
“Did you say something Ivor?” asked Winters.
Ivor just smirked back at him and didn’t say a word.
“Needless to say we were all shocked to hear what had happened. I’m sure you must have been very shaken up by the whole experience,” said Winters.
“Shaken up, are you kidding?” said Ivor. “How would you feel with half of the city centre coming down on your head?”
“Terrible, I’m sure, but we mustn’t dwell on what might have happened. You’re both here now and unless this is heaven I’m pretty sure we are all still walking this mortal coil and in one unbroken piece too. For that we should all be thankful,” said Winters. 
“Amen,” I just couldn’t help it.
“Things may well have turned out much worse. We could have lost both or you, not to mention valuable council equipment. The press, of course, would have loved that. They like nothing more than an ongoing rescue situation; the more desperate the better in their eyes,” said Winters.
"What the press think is the least of our problems or should I say your problems," said Ivor, the threatening tone barely concealed.
"And what do you mean by that," asked Winters. 
"Half the city centre has disappeared, does that not count as a sizable cock-up in your world?" said Ivor.
"Of course it does but it’s hardly my fault is it?" Said Winters.
"Well, it’s someone's fault and someone is going to get the blame for it. That street had been there for a long time before it decided to collapse into the great beyond. You're not trying to tell me that it was a coincidence that the council just happened to be digging it up at the time are you?" said Ivor.
"Some accidents are just waiting to happen," said Winters.
"Tell that one to the judge," said Ivor.
"I don't like your tone Ivor, sounds like you are trying to lay the blame for all of this at my door," said Winters.
"Well, we didn't much like being send down the hole with nothing but paper hats for safety and a balls of wool just in case we got lost," said Ivor.
"No one twisted your arm to go down there. You could quite easily have refused you know," said Winters.
"What would you have done then? Replaced us with some cut-price chancers you got out of the back of a van at the docks no doubt," said Ivor.
"I can assure you that sort of thing doesn't happen, not that I'm aware of anyway," said Winters. 
"I'm not so sure about that. Anyway, the buck stops with you on all of this, that's what you get paid the big money for isn't it?" said Ivor.
Winters gave Ivor a look that would have melted your average igloo but Ivor just stared back at him. Their eyes locked and I could almost see the prickly force field flowing between them. Something was going to have to give. A minute later they were still at it, I thought I might just nip out and get a cup of coffee when Winters ended the silent joust by saying, "I'm glad we had this little chat. Thank you both for coming in. Now, if you don’t mind, I'll need to be getting on."
Chapter 20: Six Million Dollar Monkey
It was the night of the Beer Break search. The prize on offer; a coveted place on the Beer Break Stage at Scotland's biggest live music festival: “Beer in the Dark”.
Six Million Dollar Monkey were standing with their backs to the bar, watching the opposition with the intensity of a family of hawks who'd just arrived in Pigeonville. The pigeons in question were perched nervously on a narrow stage at the far end of the dim and dingy room that was the venue for the evening's amusements. At the back of the stage a makeshift backdrop made of a white sheet was hanging limply, the name of the band hastily spray painted in jagged black letters: “Julian's Spear” it spelt out. If the sounds coming from the stage were anything to go by, most of it high-pitched squealing, then old Julian had been getting busy in the band's general direction with his favourite pointy implement. That Julian, he was a very angry man. The more I watched the more I thought that the name suited them. If you can imagine four stick-thin white guys, dressed up in tight black jeans and frilly shirts with oversized guitars and candy-floss hair-do's, being prodded by a man dressed in a just a loin cloth with a long prickly spear, then that's not a kick in the nethers away from the sound they were coming out with. What they were actually trying to sound like? I wasn't so sure. 
They seemed to be aiming for a feedback-laden lo-fi shoe-gazing menagerie but their actual sound was closer to a flock of pigeons, not seagulls, which had become entangled in the whirly bit at the front of a combine-harvester. It was certainly a din but then so was a combine in full flow but you'd have to have a serious aural condition to consider it music. The singer, a spindly scarecrow-like figure, was clutching desperately to the mic’ stand as if for protection from the invisible demons that were tormenting his vocal chords. His face was hidden behind a tangled nest of hair. There could have been all sorts of things living in there. Whole families of crows could have set up home quite safely within the twisted confusion. 
My guess was that any song-birds that had found their way in there had been swallowed up by something with an oversized mouth and lots of teeth. The end of the Spear’s set featured a long instrumental workout where guitars were held up close to amplifiers and the drummer tried to crash as many cymbals as possible before the egg timer ran out of sand. Over this harmonious hubbub the singer was yelping something at the top of his shrieky voice. It sounded to me like he was wailing the words “believe in the lightning rods!” but the whole noise was proving to be baffling to my delicate ears and it could just as easily been “three cheers for the frog”. I made a mental note to find out later if I could be bothered. My head was burling by the time they sloped off stage. That Julian had a lot to answer for. I really hoped that they weren't going to come out ahead of us in the vote off. That would have been just too much. 
Johan just looked at me as The Spear shambled off the stage. He raised an eyebrow and let out a long exaggerated out-take of breath. 
“Well, that's one less to worry about,” he said.
“I thought they were alright,” I said.
“Yeah, right. If you’re a deaf bass player,” said Johan, with a wink.
“It won't matter, they're pretty much guaranteed a place anyway,” I said.
“How'd you figure that out, they were rubbish,” said Johan.
“The rumour is that the Spear's drummer is having a fling with old Purvey”
“You're kidding me. Sly old fox. Drummers, there's something just not right there,” said Johan.
“Why didn't we think of that?” said Johan.
“You're the one with the brains aren't you? I hope you're not expecting any creative thinking from the rest of us,” I said.
“Unbelievable. Mind you, I don't envy him. She puts the willies up me with that comedy mouth of hers.”
“Exactly. There's got to be an easier ways of getting into the Dark. I've no idea what's going to impress that lot”
“Mmm,” said Johan, lost in thought. 
The “that lot” in question were the “panel of industry experts” that were judging the bands. They held the keys to the Dark in their well-manicured mitts. The tricky bit was going to be grabbing them from them and running off without getting nabbed. The panel on that particular night was Scots shock-jock radio DJ Mickey McGovern, Beer Ltd big wig Jake Kloisters and TV presenter Jan Purves. The three of them were conspicuous by the fact that they were standing together in a cordoned off area holding clip boards and trying their best to look cool but interested. 
Jan Purves was more used to clattering around people’s houses as they were subjected to a torturous TV make-over on Scottish TV's “But and Ben”. She was famous for the size of her mouth which seemed to completely cover the bottom half of her face, rendering her frightening to young children and anyone older that got too near to a close-up. I had no idea how old she actually was; anything between thirty-five and ninety-nine. Every time she appeared in the newspapers or the Sunday magazines she was made-up and posed-up to look like a twenty-one year old stunner but we all knew that those photos had been worked on furiously by a team of image consultants using some very big computers. When she appeared on “But and Ben” she was always glammed-up to the nines with skirts no longer that the height of a skirting board and heels like six inch nails. She spent a lot of downtime hanging around the plasterers who were gainfully employed topping up her foundation. Quite what qualified her to judge live bands trying to get onto a festival stage was not clear. It did, however, give her yet another excuse to pop up on TV couches with alarming frequency.
DJ Mickey McGovern was known as the Jock of the North and had a morning radio show on Radio Fife that specialised in prank calls to unsuspecting members of the public. I'd heard that he was one of the most popular radio presenters in Scotland but having caught his show one morning I was pretty sure that he'd started that particular rumour himself. Despite being old enough to know better, he desperately tried to remain current. This may have been the reason why his hair had been cut into an angular shape that reminded me of an origami swan as attempted by a five year old; then splattered in a sticky looking glue. He was being fawned over by a girl who was easily half his age. Quite what the appeal was I just couldn't fathom. Fame talks though; even if it was just small fry. 
Jake Kloisters had once played rhythm guitar in a band called “Sabre Tooth Tigers”. I knew this as it was all over Beer's publicity for Beer Break. He was dressed in faded blue jeans, white t-shirt and a short leather jacket. The look was finished off with a pair of aviator shades. There was no way he could make out what was going on through those things; no matter how much he tried to look like George Michael.
We'd already played. Not one of our best sets but then again the odds was stacked against a band like us at one of those nights. We'd clomped through “Won You Over”; our seven minute mini-epic which Johan said was a homage to Pink Floyd but was really just a lot of squeaking noises over a slow tom-tom rhythm. The crowd looked suitably unimpressed by this; maybe we needed the light-show and a flying pig to pull that one off. We followed this up with three minutes flat of “Candleburner”, a hundred miles an hour, three chord jump around which featured Johan repeating the lines;
Your night's my day
Your sleep's my wake
Your time's my prey
Tonight Today
I'm a Candleburner
He certainly was; at both ends I'd say. You can only keep up that sort of thing for so long before it starts to take effect. The response was lukewarm to put it nicely. Even our own “fans” turned their noses up.
“That's the way it goes sometimes,” I said to Johan after we'd exited stage left. “Every band has its off night. This just isn't our scene. We're not a two song experience”. 
“You're right there,” agreed Johan “We're more album than singles, more marathon than sprint, more slow-roast than stir fry.”
“Exactly,” I said, “we're an acquired taste; we should be able to play a proper set. We've been squeezed out. That's the game here though,” I continued, “the whole point is to make enough of an impression to get ourselves into the top ten bands, then we're in the gate with the artist’s-pass, job done.”
“It's not going to happen,” said Johan, “not after the way we played tonight. It wouldn't have mattered anyway. It's not how good you play at these things. It's more about who you know and whether that lot like what you're wearing ...”
Johan stared across the room with a look on his face that reminded me of dog looking at a cat through a barbed wire fence; he just knew he couldn't do anything but accept the situation but he was sorely contemplating throwing a wobbler and trashing the place. Even Johan knew that wasn't a good idea. He was desperate to get onto that Beer Break stage and if he had to keep a lid on it in order to get there then that's what he was going to have to do. We'd been told in no uncertain terms not to approach anyone from the judging panel, on pain of disqualification. They didn't want any of their “stars” being breathed-over by some lagered-up amateur desperation merchants. There were plenty meeting that description in the room that night, us included. 
There were six bands on the bill that night; 
Six Million Dollar Monkey - the best band in the history of the world ever, according to the little voices in Johan's head, the same ones that were no doubt going to get him arrested or otherwise detained in the very near future;
Julian's Spear - nest topped shoe gazers; 
The Tiny Trees - a blues rock band whose line-up included a midget who was manfully wrestling with a full sized lead-guitar. They churned out straight ahead blues with all the enthusiasm of a dentist waiting room. They were oddly compelling though; I couldn't take my eyes off the guitarist. Their bass player had to bend to ninety degrees between songs to hear what the little fella was saying;  
Queasy Steve - a DJ and a rapper, named Steve I presumed, who had taken their own sizable and enthusiastic posse with them but there was not getting away from the fact that rapping with a half American/half Fife accent was always going to be a hard one to make appealing to anyone beyond the local youth centre.
The only thing for it was to watch the other bands, head home and wait for the phone call from the Beer head-office telling us we'd got in. Either that or the eerie silence of another cruel rejection on the road to stardom. 
Chapter 21: Johan
The first time I laid eyes on Johan Brecht was when he stamped into the garage we were using as a practice room. He was sporting a pair of unnecessary leather trousers which, even then, were well out of step with the fashion of the day. I was sure he was going to regret them sooner rather than later. The sticky heat of the windowless practice-space had held many a tackle-wackle hostage. We’d got wise to this eventually and had started investing in breathable underwear. Getting a bit hot under the bonnet was no bother for Johan Brecht, however. He embraced the live-fast-die-young ethos and to hell with the consequences to his family jewels. A guitar case was slung over his shoulder and under that he was wearing what could be described as one of his grannies old fur coats. The poor beast had seen better days. Its arms had been hacked off and it looked like it had shared a wash with some oily farm equipment. It may have been the victim of a drive by mugging, possibly by a roaming animal rights activist. Either that or Johan's skill with a pair of scissors was a couple of notches down from useless. The jumbled-look continued with a pair of huge, lace less work boots which clumped while he walked, leaving the impression of a wee boy trying to fill his dad's shoes. His hair was dark and crinkly, ambling down below his shoulders and he kept touching it, as if trying to make himself more attractive. He didn't say anything, just glanced at us and nodded casually while unpacking a pointy-headed guitar which I'm sure he must have got free with a box of rice-krispies. He plugged the guitar in, tapped the mic with his finger to make sure it was on and started to play. I'd a horrible feeling that an awful poodle-haired rock racket was going to emerge from the would-be poster-boy but I'd learnt earlier that albums and album covers are not the same thing. You just had to look to David Bowie's Ziggy period for evidence that weird eyed crooked toothed cross-dressing pixies can produce the most amazing noises. Now, I'm not saying that Johan Brecht was the next Bowie, not by any means, his clothes were bad enough, that much was true, but both his eyes matched and he didn't appear to have halitosis, not that I could tell from my position behind the bass anyway. He also wasn't a ground-breaking genius who was going to shake up the musical landscape forever. But, in my humble opinion, he was not half bad. He could play his guitar; his singing was gutsy and believable; he wasn't pulling any painfully off-putting faces or rolling his eyes to the top of his head like that last guy we'd tried out and even without our highly skilled accompaniment it sounding rather tasty. Result! Without a word being spoken or a note played by any of the rest of us we had our man. I looked over at Hamish and Meaty. He was shaking his head up and down slowly while his eyes were turned towards the ceiling. It was an odd look but I took it as a drummer’s way of saying his was impressed. First words I said to Johan Brecht were “You're in!” 
Chapter 22: Worst Band in Scotland
Six million dollar monkey are probably not the worst band in Scotland, however, they'll push any fellow no-hopers pretty close in a race to the top of that particular list.
It wasn’t exactly the best of starts. Johan had picked up an early copy of the Evening Target on his way to the band practice. We knew there was going to be a review of the Beer Break night in there. It had taken all of Johan’s will power not to open it for a sneak peek during the hundred or so meters from the paper shop to the rehearsal room and we were all now standing eagerly round the paper as Johan read out the review. 
“It’s just starting like that so they can build us up later on,” said Johan rather hopefully.
The review continued; According to their press-release, the fictional monkey that gives them their name was, apparently, re-built out of used parts, combining together to give a monkey/machine hybrid. At a stretch you could imagine such a creature may prove useful, perhaps in a gardening situation where tall trees are involved.
“What’s he going on about,” said Johan, “we’ve got nothing to do with gardening.”
It’s difficult to imagine any real use for Six million dollar monkey, the band that is. It’s doubtful that they would be any use in a garden either, unless it was to scare away crows. At least that would spare anyone unfortunate enough to find themselves within earshot of one of their musical performances. Singer Johan Brecht is so busy impersonating his heroes that he appears to be blissfully unaware of the fact that his singing is like the aural equivalent of scraping nails down a blackboard – the words wincing and excruciating come to mind.
“Cheeky git,” said Johan, “the words brick and window come to mind when I find out where this turkey lives.”
Songs like ‘Candleburner’ (awful title) attempt to inject some excitement into proceedings but soon degenerate into a messy soup of noise that’s neither skilled nor inspiring. Of course it’s not all their fault, on this particular occasion they are sharing the stage with the outstanding “Julian’s Spear”, a band whose effortless talent and charisma should see them move quickly to bigger and better things. The talent gap between the two bands was painfully obvious. Perhaps it’s time for Six million dollar monkey to think about those gardening jobs.
We all looked at each other, Johan had gone an odd shade and very quiet. 
“Sounds like we’ve a new fan,” said Hamish. “Who’s written this?” I asked.
“Reviewed by Ruby Lovegrove,” said Hamish, she’s probably one of Johan’s ex’s. 
I looked over at Johan and was about to tell him that I’d already made contact with the Ruby in question but the look on his face left me cold and rather tongue-tied. Johan didn’t say another word, he just folded the paper neatly and stuffed it in his bag. He had that look in his eyes again, cold and distant, like a shark sizing up his next meal.
Chapter 23: The Spear in the Dark
 “Have you seen this? Unbelievable! Johan tossed a scrunched up piece of paper at me. I picked it up and eyed him warily; his nostrils were flaring like an agitated bull. I un-scrunched the paper which turned out to be part of a poster for the upcoming Beer in the Dark festival. 
“Where did you get this?” I asked.
 “They're all over the place, every hoarding and empty shop front in Edinburgh is covered in them. It's going to take forever to rip them all down,” said Johan.
 “I see,” I said, reading down the poster with one eye while keeping the other eye on Johan, just in case he charged me. 
“Ah, right,” I said when I spotted it. Tucked down near the bottom of the bill, was the unmistakable name of Julian's Spear.
“We pretty much knew that was going to happen, didn't we?” I said. 
“That doesn't matter. It's like a poke in the eye with a sharp stick. Not a cheep have we heard from the Beer in the Dark lot.” said a despondent Johan. 
“Yeah, and that’s after you phoning them every day for a month as well,” said Hamish.
“I was sure they’d see something in us and put us on, it makes no difference to them, they might as well put on the best bands they can get a hold of,” said Johan.
“That’s what they’ve been trying to do isn’t it?” said Hamish.
“That’s what they are supposed to be doing, it isn’t the same thing. We might as well not bothered turning up that night. If they’d already decided who was getting the slot it would have saved us all a lot bother,” said Johan.
“They’ve got to go through the motions though,” I said, “at least have bands think they are in with a chance.”
“It doesn't mean anything. We said as much on the night. They're place was already lined up for them: irons in the fire and all that,” I winked.
“It does mean something,” said Johan ominously. 
“What?” I asked.
“It's time to pull out Plan B,” said Johan.
I didn't like the sound of that. The unrolling of Plan B usually means you've got a Plan A and our one was pretty sketchy at best. 
“What is Plan B?” I just had to ask.
“It starts with the B word,” said Johan.
“Badger?” I asked.
“No, publicity,” said Johan.
“Publicity starts with a P, surely that be Plan P then?” I asked.
“We’ve not got to plan P yet, we’re still at plan B,” said Johan.
I let that sink in before asking, “How many plans are there then?”
“As many as it takes,” said Johan.
“Okay,” I said
“Plan B is all about publicity,” said Johan
 “If we can't get it from playing gigs and recording music we'll need to get it some other way. It’s the only way we can raise our profile and generate some interest in what we're doing.”
“Maybe one of us could jump off something high,” said Hamish, “it could make a good headline, you know, flying monkeys and all that.”
I looked at Johan and could see he was considering that as a possible idea. “No, we're going to need everyone in the band to remain in one piece, at least for now,” said Johan, without the slightest hint of irony.
Chapter 24: Hamish
Hamish More had the longest fingers that I'd ever seen. They were like the those strange coral creatures that buffeted around the sea bed on a nature show where a team of intrepid camera-men laboured for a week to get two seconds of footage in super slow-motion. I don't know if the length of your fingers has any real bearing on how good you are at playing the guitar but I do know that Hamish could contort those spindly digits into chord shapes that other guitarists would have to have had surgery to reach. The rest of him was pretty gangly too. He moved like a heron; long, slow, deliberate strides; his cold grey eyes fixed on the point he was heading for. I often saw him standing, guitar strapped on with one leg tucked up like he was keeping it warm while he waited for his next meal to swim by.  He was a straight talking kind of bloke who'd just finished his training as a history teacher. No-one was going to accuse Hamish of being cool. He wore an old pair of black canvas jeans, hiking trainers and thick checked denim shirts. His fashion sense was so out of touch that periodically he found that he was back in vogue. His spiky brown hair was but into a tight triangle on his forehead and occasionally he turned up with a symmetrical shape growing on his chin. He wasn't your typical amateur rocker. For one thing, he didn't drink, almost unheard of in Scotland. He didn't seem particularly interested in woman, though he wasn't gay. He certainly wasn’t looking for fame, celebrity or piles of cash. I'd heard a rumour that he had a very rich relative in America that ran some kind of computer software company.  
“What are you into Hamish?” I'd asked him at one point.
“I just like playing, simple as that,” he'd replied. 
“I get bored playing the same stuff all the time, that's why I wanted to play in a band doing our own music: makes it a bit more interesting, something to get your fingers around. You know what I mean?”
I thought I did but I wasn't completely on the same page as Hamish so I couldn't whole heartedly agree with him.  He was twitchy about playing on a Sunday for one thing. He was brought up on an island off the west coast of Scotland where the only things that happened on Sunday involved fire, brimstone and a healthy fear of the day of judgement. Any mention of a Sunday practice brought Hamish out in a cold sweat. I tried to understand his point of view but I think it was more force of habit than anything else. He hardly ever brought up the subject of God. I did see him coming out of a church on London Road one Tuesday night which I thought was a bit odd but then again he'd probably seem me walking around the Grassmarket at midnight clutching a crucifix with a stash of garlic in my pockets. You can't be too careful.
Chapter 25: Jack
Jack Volts had a haphazard approach to timekeeping, something that seemed rather at odds with being a drummer. I mean, his drumming was spot on; solid as the castle rock; never a missed beat; never too fast or too slow; inventive; clever as hell and full of energy.  The thing was that when he wasn't behind the drums he was all over the place. All the things he did as a drummer seemed to elude him in the rest of his life. He was always turning up late; sometimes by hours; often he didn't turn up at all. At one early gig we'd played at the Hangman's Stoop he'd turned up on the wrong day altogether, we had to improvise with an acoustic set instead. It wasn't just his timekeeping. He'd lapse into a ponderous daydream mid-sentence and then just wander off and start doing something else. His haphazard driving style often ended up in the destruction of some innocent immovable; trees, street bollards, traffic lights, wildlife - nothing was safe when Jack was out driving. I hated getting a lift to a practice of a gig with him. It didn't matter how many times you phoned to remind him he was always late. There was something seriously wonky with his on-board clock. Eventually we came up with a system to make sure that he turned up when he was supposed to. It usually meant finding where he was and then going to him; anything else proved impractical and unworkable.  Jack had once had an unfortunate incident at a Chinese take-away as a teenager which resulted in him finding out that he had unexpectedly found his neighbour’s missing cat, Tiddles. When I say found I mean ate. Number 68 on the menu, beef stir fry with special fried rice. Poor Tiddles. Poor Jack. That take away didn’t last much longer. Jack turned vegetarian after that this new-fangled approach to sustenance earned him a new. One which stuck: Meaty.
Chapter 26: Where Monkeys Dare
 “Keep the heid on!” barked Johan, “we’re nearly there.”
We pulled up to the end of the cul-de-sac and Matty put the lights off and turned off the engine. Nobody said anything for a moment; we were sitting in the dark in the back of a transit van dressed as gorillas. I wasn’t sure whether to laugh, cry or make a dash for it.
“Alright,” said Johan, always keen to leap into any silence with a loud-hailer. “Matty is going to drive round and be back here in exactly thirty minutes. When he gets back he’ll wait for five minutes and then drive around again for another ten minutes, until we’re out with the merchandise. Now remember - no phones. It’s too easy to trace what’s going on if something does go awry. We’ll be back here in thirty minutes anyway, that’s all it should take.”
“These suits are going to slow us down. I can’t see a thing out of this head. How are we going to know where we’re going if we can’t see?” asked Hamish.
“I know where we’re going,” said Johan, “Just stick with me, I’ve been over the route a hundred times in my head and I’ve been putting in a bit of extra training in the suit, you know, to get acclimatised.”
“Acclimatised? Have you been wandering the streets of Edinburgh dressed as a gorilla? Don’t you think that might look a bit odd?” asked Hamish.
“I’ve been careful, anyway, there’s nothing illegal about dressing up like this. As long as you don’t start jumping out on people at bus-stops or chasing sheep you’re as within the law as the next man,” said Johan.
“The next man dressed like an ape,” muttered Hamish.
“Ok, let’s synchronise watches,” said Johan. 
I’d seen Where Eagles Dare and I’m pretty sure they didn’t dress up as gorillas. 
“I don’t have a watch on,” said Meaty. “I usually just look at my phone for the time.” 
Explains a lot, I thought.
“No phones!” snapped Meaty again.
“Aye, I heard you the first time. I’m sure a CIA crack-team is speeding up Corstorphine Road on their hover-boards as we speak,” said Meaty, with just a hint of sarcasm.
“Are we supposed to be wearing our watches on the outside or the inside of this suit?” asked Hamish.
“Oh for the love of … are you going to be able to see it if it’s on the inside” replied Johan to a stony silence.
“Alright, the rest of us then, who’ve got watches on and can see them, I’ve got 10:20,” said Johan.
“I’ve got 10:17,” said Hamish “but I’m not sure how to change it dressed like this: my fingers are too big to work the dial.”
“You’ll just have to add on three minutes then - okay?” said Johan.
“Right, everybody, its 10:20 so we’re back here in the van at 10:50. If we miss that time then its ten minutes after that. If we get split up and you get back here first then don’t be hanging about on the street dressed like this,” said Johan.
“How come?” said Hamish.
Johan just stood there for a moment, shaking his giant head back and fore.
“Because, it might look a little bit suspicious to anyone who happens to go past or look out of their window. Phone calls might be made, authorities might be alerted?”
“Surely not,’ said Meaty, “we’re right next to the zoo. I bet they get monkeys hanging about here all the time.”
“Right,” said Johan, “enough monkey-chatter, let’s go.”
The first problem wasn’t long in appearing; getting over the fence in the G-suits. It was near impossible to get the oversized feet into the chain link holes and if you did manage to get a bit of the way up the fence you just slipped back down unceremoniously. Real monkeys made it look so easy. They wouldn’t be so graceful if they had to dress up in sumo-suits though. There was a lot of grunting, muffled obscenities and rattling of the fence line going on; the whole affair was making a lot of noise. Lights were going on all over the street, dogs were barking, curtains twitching. We were in danger of getting nobbled before we’d even started. Johan, of course, managed to get all the way to the top of the fence first time. I was becoming increasingly convinced that his monkey obsessions were due to him having rather more monkey DNA than your average singer. Something that would explain a lot. No sooner was I thinking this that he managed to get his outer head fur snagged in the barbed wire right at the top of the fence, causing him to jump back down leaving a sizable chunk of his fake hair at the top of the fence. 
“This isn’t working,” said Johan, pulling us into an impromptu monkey-huddle.
“We’ll need to get over this fence somehow, any ideas?” he asked.
“Aye, what about we call it quits now before one of us gets jammed half-way up the fence all night and ends up as vulture breakfast?” said Hamish.
“It can’t be that hard,” said Johan, “think of it as an assault course; it’s just a wee obstruction to overcome.” 
“Assault is it,” said Hamish. “That’s what’s on my mind just now. I’ve just about had enough of this. I’m a guitarist for crying out loud, we like to stand at the side and brood, not run about the zoo in the middle of the night dressed as lion bait.”
“Calm down Hamish, there’s no need to blow a gasket,” said Johan rather bravely. We could be on for a bit of impromptu monkey wrestling, I thought. 
“Anyway,” said Hamish, “last time I heard, assault courses weren’t being tackled while dressed like this. We’d have a very different army if they were.” 
Hamish was riled up. It wasn’t like him; he looked like he needed to start smashing something up in a frenzy of rock and roll excess. He'd have probably settled with setting about Johan with the nearest hard object. 
“It’s alright lads. Look!” a voice shouted from just along the fence-line. 
“Who’s that?” said Johan.
“It’s me, Meaty” said Meaty.
“What is it, I thought you were in the huddle?” said Johan
“Eh? No, look,” said Meaty.
We all shambled off in the direction of Meaty’s voice. Meaty was standing about twenty meters away, pointing to the bottom of the fence, dressed up in his fake fur looking like some kind of oddly evolved gun-dog.
“Quality,” said Johan when he saw the man size gap in the fence, “it must have been made by kids or something.”
“Either that or it’s where the kangaroos sneak out for a night out down at the Corstorphine Inn,” said Meaty.
“Could be,” said Hamish “you know what those Aussies are like. They probably run the bar down there on weekends.” 
One by one we squeezed through the gap in the fence and into the grounds of the darkened zoo. 
Chapter 27: Camera-shy Yeti's
“Right, follow me,” said Johan, still convinced he knew where he was going. We all fell in line and tramped off into the night like a line of camera-shy Yeti’s. Every stumbling step drew us nearer to the some of the world’s most dangerous animals. Something told me that this was going to end badly. After about ten minutes stamping through the undergrowth we came to a footpath. Johan shone his torch on a sign which an arrow pointing up which said BIG CATS and one pointing right which said MONKEY HOUSE.
“Good,” said Johan and stomped off down the path, his huge silhouette sketched an ominous picture against the gloom.
I couldn’t see a thing. I could hear various grumblings coming from within the suits of the other guys but everyone kept tucked in line with Johan. I just hoped he knew where he was going and we weren’t going to end up in with the tigers.  The suit-heads thinned the available air and with all the exertion I was soaked with sweat and feeling rather spaced-out. 
“This is it,” I heard Johan say. 
We’d come up to the doorway of a large concrete and glass structure. The sign above the entrance doors said Monkey House. 
“Brilliant,” I said “and just how are we supposed to get in?”
“That, my furry friend, is the easy part,” said Johan.
I heard a metallic fumbling, a few muffled mutters and then the definite clunk of a lock opening followed by the beep-beep of an alarm console that required some immediate button pushing attention.  Johan disappeared through the door and punched in a code which silenced the alarm. 
“Let’s go” shouted Johan in a half whisper.
We followed him into the darkened space beyond the door. 
“Where did you get the key?” I asked.
“People in the know. You can get just about anything if you know the right person to ask,” said Johan. I shuddered at that; the trail from that key would lead right back to us. We crept down the concrete corridor. The place was eerily quiet. Especially for a monkey-house. 
“Are they all asleep?” I asked. 
“Shhhh, keep it down. We don’t want to wake them” hissed Johan. “I’ve got the plan of the place here; I know exactly where the wee fella is. We’ll be in and out in no time. Keep it down!”
The wee fella in question was Mickey, a three month old chimpanzee born in captivity in Edinburgh Zoo.
“He’s about the size of a teddy bear,” Johan had said when he was first trying to sell us the idea. 
“A teddy bear?” I’d said. “They come in all shapes and sizes, will he fit in the palm of your hand or does he need his own room?” 
“Aye alright, he’s small, I don’t know exactly, but about the size of a cat or something. Not as big as a real baby, at least I don’t think so,” said Johan rather unconvincingly.
“Hmm, that’s reassuring. So he could be any size then. You’re carrying him by the way. If the monkey is going on anyone’s back then it's yours,” I'd said.
“Fine by me,” said Johan. “I’m going to get one of those baby harnesses, you know the one you can strap the baby onto your front and it can look back at you for reassurance as you clatter about, not looking where you’re going.”
“That should work pretty well for you and the monkey,” I said.
“Thanks,” said Johan. “From what I can make out they are pretty friendly so I’m not expecting any trouble from him. We’ll just lead him off by the hand. He’ll think it’s all a game. The next thing you know we’ll be back in the van and the jobs as good as done.” 
“Your brain’s as good as done,” chipped in Hamish at this point, “overcooked I’d say, microwaved down to the size of a radioactive peanut. Only a peanut brain would come up with this idea”
Hamish did have a point. However, we all knew that a singer as good as Johan was probably wasting his time with a bunch of chancers like us and that gave him the advantage, at least for the time being. So, knowing full well that only a band full of peanut brains would think it was an idea worth trying in the real world we had grudgingly agreed to give it a go. Back inside the monkey house we’d come to a glass fronted enclosure. The area was bathed in a dim fluorescent glow. There were a number of monkeys draped over tree trunks and branches, some huddled together in small groups; one large, dark shape was lying on a concrete overhang. They were different shapes, sizes and colours and from the safety of our vantage point they looked harmless enough.  They all looked docile to the point of being drugged up. I wondered if they were given some kind of sedative at night; at least it would help to keep the noise down and let them all get a bit of kip. Could you legally drug a monkey? I supposed you could. Some were awake, drugged or not, and were looking over in our general direction; none of them seemed too put out by the sight of creatures wandering around in fur suits, peering at them through the glass. They must grow used to seeing all sorts of shapes and sizes gawking at them, though probably not at this time of night. Do monkeys mark the time in the same way as us? Were they aware that it was actually well past closing time in the zoo? Did they even know they were in a zoo? 
“Start filming,” said Johan to Shuggy. 
I snapped out of my monkey puzzling as Shuggy fumbled about with the camera. 
“The wee one is being kept with his mother at night. One of you guys will need to distract her while I get a hold of himself and lead him out,” said Johan.
“Oh, now we're getting down to it. Distract her, what do you think we should so, a wee dance?” said Hamish. 
“We could point at the ceiling and say what's that?” said Meaty, “that might do the trick.” 
“If she thinks her wee one is in danger she'll throw a wobbler,” said Hamish.
“It’s not as hard as that. I've thought about this already. You just need to distract her with a bit of food,” said Johan, pulling a couple of bananas out of his suit. “She'll be used to the keepers coming in and out of the pen and feeding them so she'll not be thinking there's any danger. Just stay calm alright? They can sense fear so that might be enough to freak her out.” 
“This whole thing is freaking me out,” said Hamish.
“Are you coming in with me?” said Johan to Hamish
“No way. You'd have to be crazy to go in there, you might be but I'm happy to stay out here,” said Hamish
“Ok, Shuggy, are you game?” asked Johan.
Poor Shuggy, he'd only come along to make up the numbers. 
“Alright,” said Shuggy, with no real idea of what he was letting himself in for.
“Good man,” said Johan, “we're nearly there. I'll go in, you distract her with the bananas, and I’ll get a hold of the wee man and lead him out. All you have to do then is follow me out, cool as you like and shut the door behind you. That's it. Job done. Simple.”
“You're right there,” said Hamish, tapping at his temples.
“What do you want us to do?” I asked.
“Just watch the doors, when we come out, you lead the way and lock that front door behind us, alright?” said Johan, tossing the keys over to me. 
I couldn't see a thing so my fumbled attempt at a catch missed completely the flying keys and they clattered onto the concrete flooring. The resultant crack sounded like a starting pistol going off and echoed down the cold corridors like a ball-bearing down a lift-shaft. Inside the enclosure some of the monkeys jumped awake. 
“Brilliant,” said Johan. “Right, we've not much time let’s crack on.” 
Johan and Shuggy disappeared through the inner door and into a side area off the main enclosure. No sooner had the pair of them disappeared through the door than there was a loud muffled thud followed by a crunching sound and a faint cry which could have been come from a monkey but my guess was that it was human. The monkeys in the main enclosure all sprang awake at this point and started going, well, bananas. This was quickly followed by a distinctly non-human screeching sound coming from the direction of the door Johan and Shuggy had just gone through. A nagging doubt suggested to me that something in the plan had gone awry. Meanwhile, the enclosure-monkeys began to jump up and down and in an impressive unity launched into a rather tuneless communal chant. They looked agitated, un-hinged and were baring their teeth in my direction. Somewhere out of my sight I imagined there must be an invisible monkey aerobics instructor. I was bearing witness to a gym session in hell.   
I had absolutely no intention of launching a rescue attempt in the direction of Johan and Shug. I stood frozen to the floor, mesmerized by the monkey workout taking place through the glass wall. I wondered how on earth I'd got here and how I'd explain this to the police who were surely just about to arrive; I thought about the band and how being caught red-handed in the monkey-house was going to translate to our credibility as a serious musical force; I thought about making a run for it; I thought ... and then the door burst open, Johan fell through it onto the floor. His gorilla head was gone. He looked like he'd been dragged through the jungle by his real hair and with crazy, blood-shot eyes bulging out of his face he picked himself and shot past me relaying only one word at the top of his voice: RUN!
Chapter 28: Back in the van
“What do you mean by there's nothing any of us can do, is he dead?” I asked.
“No, no, nothing liked that. At least, I don’t think so. No I just mean that us piling in there and trying to pull him out just isn’t going to work,” said Johan. 
It’s amazing how fast you can shift when you think you’re being pursued by a troop of manic monkey’s hell bent on violence. We were back in van in what must have been a gorilla suited world record time; clattering desperately over the fence which had so foxed us on the way into the zoo. 
“Why not?” I said.
“It’s just one monkey; there’s four of us here now. Surely we’re a match for her?”
“No, you’re wrong on that one,” said Johan “It’s not just a monkey in there.” 
“What do you mean by that? Are you going off on one again?” said Hamish.
“Look. I’ve seen a few weird things in my time. I’m not exactly the timid type. You know what I’m always saying; live fast, die young; sleep when you’re dead; if you’re not living life on the edge you’re taking up too much room; all that rubbish.
“Aye, we know. You’re a regular Jim Morrison wannabe, though I don’t remember Jimbo having as much of thing for primates” said Hamish.
“He was more into red-indians,” said Meaty, “must be a singer thing” 
“I’m going to have a re-think after this” said Johan.
“Thinking” said Hamish “steady now.”
“That monkey knew we were coming in and she knew exactly what we were doing,” said Johan.
“So what. This is its patch. It’s got its baby in there. Did you really think we were going to outsmart it with a couple of bananas and a bit of pointing? It’s not like it didn’t hear us coming or anything. Half the zoo knew we were here. There were lights going on all over Corstorphine Hill. It’s probably running on the news channel by now,” said Hamish. 
“Yeah, very good but that’s not what I meant. We were prepared for a bit of a tussle if it had come to that. All Shuggy had to do was distract the big one for a few moments and I could have been out of there with the wee one tucked under my arm. That’s not the point. The point is that she knew we were coming and she sprung her trap on us,” said Johan.
“She heard us, that’s all. They’re easily spooked you know, we need to get Shuggy out of there, what happened?” asked Hamish.
“It wasn’t like she pounced right away. She let the both of us clear the entrance. I was first in but she let me pass and as soon as Shugg was through she pounced on him,” said Johan.
“Poor Shuggy, he didn’t have a chance,” said Meaty.
“He’s no match for a full grown monkey” said Hamish.
“She just fell on top of him, knocked him to ground and then smothered him there for a few seconds. Then she dragged him off to her den. The Shugg must have been out cold at this point. She left him there on the ground and just sat next to him for a bit, watching to see if he was still moving. Then she looked back over to me.”
“What were you doing?” said Meaty.
“What do you think I was doing? I was scared stiff. I was doing my best to make myself invisible. I knew I’d never manage to make the dash for the door, anyway I didn’t want to just leave Shuggy there, I thought at that point that she might have snapped his neck of something. It all happened so fast. The next thing she sprang for me. She covered the distance in less than a second. I thought I was a goner; I must have closed my eyes, you know, waiting for the blow to fall. When I didn’t feel anything smashing through my skull I squeezed an eye open and there she was, right up hard against my face. Of course at this point I still had the G-head on. Her face couldn’t have been more than about an inch from my furry outer-head. She was staring straight into my eyes. And do you know what she did?” 
“Did she speak to you in English?” asked Meaty.
“Don't be daft,” said Johan, “she looked me straight in the eyes, and then, gentle as you like, she lifted off my false head.”
“She knew!” said Meaty.
“Correct. She knew alright.”
“What happened then, did she go ballistic and smash up the false head?” asked Meaty.
“No, she looked at it for ages but then she came right up to my face, gave me a good sniff and fixed me with a stare. I'm telling you, I've never felt anything like that in my life. There was more meaning, history, emotion and well, humanity in that look than I've ever had looking into human eyes.”
“Wow,” said Hamish, “sounds like she was working her monkey-magic on you.”
“That wasn't the weirdest thing though. I was shaking in my skin but I just knew she wasn't going to go for me or anything like that. She could have of course. She could have done anything. I wouldn't blame her, I was in her house after all with her young one there. For all she knew I was there to kidnap her offspring for publicity purposes. That was when I realised what a totally stupid idea it had been in the first place. It's not the way to get publicity for the band. Whoever said there's no such thing as bad publicity was an idiot.”
“Aye, idiots have got a lot to answer for,” said Hamish.
“Over its head,” continued Johan, “in its den, I could see Shuggy just lying there. I thought I could hear him groaning so I knew he was still with us, which was something at least? I had no idea how I was going to get out of there or how I was going to get Shuggy out. The weirdest thing was, with her right up close and still staring into my face that I started to hear something, in my head like a whisper.”
“Hearing voices, never a good sign” said Hamish.
“What was it saying, was it run like hell?” said Meaty.
“Or was it, I'm going to eat you for breakfast?” said Hamish.
“What about, you're not as good looking as your pal,” said Meaty.
“Aye, aye, very good. No it was nothing like that, it was a bit spookier.” said Johan, pausing until he had everyone's attention.
“The voice that I was hearing said this: Six million dollar monkey are going to be the biggest band in Scotland. Then she gave me a little nod of the head, moved off to one side and I walked right over to the door without looking back.”
I just looked at Johan and then at Hamish and Meaty. We were the ones that didn't need to say anything. It was perfectly obvious to all of us that our esteemed singer had officially lost it completely.
“Isn't that the kind of thing you're hearing in your head all the time anyway?” I said.
“Well, I'll say those kind of things to myself but this was different. This was an actual voice I was hearing and I'm pretty sure it was coming through her somehow,” said Johan.
“Dr Doolittle could talk to the animals,” said Meaty.
“Dr Doolittle wasn't right in the head,” said Hamish 
“Look, I don't know what happened, I'm just telling you. I think it’s a sign,” said Johan.
“The only sign I'm seeing is the one pointing to the loony-bin or the jail. You're going to end up in one of those and you're probably going to drag us all in there with you,” said Hamish. 
“What about Shuggy? Did you just walk out and leave him there?” I said.
“It’s not like I had much choice. There was no way she was going to just let me pick him up and carry him out. I don’t think she meant to harm him or anything but I’d been given a chance to get out of there so I was going to take it. What would you have done?” said Johan.
“Not gone in there in the first place you nut-job. You just wouldn’t be told though, would you? Once you get an idea in your head then there’s not persuading you. Nobody but you thought this was a good idea,” said Hamish.
“She could have ripped Shuggs arms off when she jumped him if she’d wanted to. She was just protecting her young. Quite why she let me walk past and then let me out I’m not so sure. Maybe she wanted Shugg for something else?” said Johan.
“Like breakfast?” said Meaty.
“I doubt it. Anyway, I’m pretty sure they are vegetarians,” said Johan.
“We need to go back in there and get him out” said Hamish.
“No, we can’t. If she wants to let him go then she will, just the same as she did with me. If we go back in there, then there’s no telling what might happen. We could all end up getting stuck in there with her like some kind of mad hostage situation,” said Johan.
“At least we’d get the publicity you were so keen on in the first place,” said Hamish sarcastically.
“He could be out by now anyway, making his way back across the zoo as we speak” said Johan.
“If he is then he’s probably heading straight for the tigers enclosure. Let’s just hope they don’t leave them unlocked at night. I don’t think they are as welcoming for uninvited guests,” said Meaty.
“If he's out then he could have phoned to let us know if you hadn’t insisted on a communications black-out. Another one of your brainwaves” said Hamish.
“Best thing to do for now is just sit tight and hope for the best” said Johan.
“I’m sure Shuggy would love us for doing that. Just sitting on our hands while he’s held prisoner be the monkey-taliban through no fault of his own. No, we can’t leave him there like that. Have you not heard Two Little Boys?” I said.
“We don’t have a horse,” said Johan forlornly.
“No, but we’ve got a phone, I’m doing it,” I said.
“No phones!” said Johan
“We’re way past that now,” I said. I punched in the number and let it ring.
“Hello. Yes, I’d like to report a disturbance at the zoo - in the area of the monkey house. My name, yes, its Ron, Ron Ely ...”
Chapter 29: Shuggy
“At least you're in one piece. You are in one piece aren't you?” I said.
“Yeah, of course,” said Shuggy.
“You're not, em, damaged are you, she didn't try anything weird on you?” I asked.
“She could have done whatever she wanted. That first whack on the head had me pretty much out for the count. She could have dressed me up as a gorilla and kept me captive all night for all I knew about it,” said Shuggy. 
“Well, you're taking pretty well, all things considered,” I said.
“I'm just glad to be on the outside again. At least I got out. Leaving them in that enclosure all the time, doesn't seem right to me. The smell's overpowering and it's so small you feel like you've been slapped in the face with a wet fish,” said Shuggy.
“They must be used to it I suppose,” I said.
“How did they manage to get you out so quick anyway?” I asked.
“It wasn't exactly quick. I was in there for hours. Once the keepers arrived with the police they tried to come into the enclosure but she wasn't having any of it. She was protecting me like I was her own offspring. I swear that if any of them had tried to get in then she would have gone for them. The power coming off her was scary. I didn't think she was going to take it out on me but she was definitely not to be messed with,” said Shuggy. 
“So did they have to, you know, take her out?” I asked.
“Kind of, not with a gun or anything. Apparently they did consider shooting her with a tranquilizer dart but they ended up just putting something in her food. It was enough to subdue her, take the edge of. Then they just walked in and escorted me off the premises,” said Shuggy.
“You were lucky. I mean, lucky not to get hurt or molested or worse. Anything could have happened in there, law of the jungle and all that. What did the police say? Are you going to get charged?” I asked.
“I just told them I'd been on a fancy dress night-out dressed as a gorilla - as you do - and spotted a hole in the fence at the zoo, wandered in and the door to the monkey-house was open. You guys scarpered so fast that you forgot to shut the door behind you which means that the zoo people are thinking they might have left it unlocked as the alarm checked out alright so no immediate signs of a forced entry. Sounds like one of the zoo people had left that door open before and they are always supposed to keep the internal doors locked at night too but they don't always. Sounds to me like anyone could have wandered in there,” said Shuggy.
“Or out,” I said.
“Exactly. They are going to review their procedures for checking the nightly lock-down,” said Shuggy.
“They obviously don't realise that there are people out there with keys to the place that are quite happy to hand them over for whatever favour Johan tempted them with,” I said.
“Probably free tickets to the next 6 Million Dollar gig,” said Shuggy.  “Worth every penny,” I said.  
Chapter 30: Police-o-gram
It hadn’t worked. The whole monkey-house-madness had generated next to no publicity for the Six Million Dollar Monkeys. I say next to none as rumours were abound that we’d been involved in a break in at the zoo and that one of us had been ‘messed with’ by an over amorous monkey; lies which we strenuously denied. Unfortunately, the police had also taken an interest in us and were now sniffing around suspiciously in our direction. It hadn’t taken a genius to connect Shuggy with the band and so we shouldn’t really have been surprised when they turned up at the Saturday night gig at Fat Jock’s. 
In one way this was a good thing as the two policemen fairly swelled the numbers of a rather dismal crowd. Of course they didn’t pay to get in and after an altercation with a small group of students who mistakenly thought that they were kissograms with a sense of humour; our crowd was thinned out even further when said students decided it was best to vacate the premises before they were thrown into the back of the van. We didn’t play well; the sound was all over the place on stage with the drums ear-splittingly loud and the guitar rig cutting out when it should have been kicking in and the vocals bouncing about the walls of Fat Jock’s like the cries of a party of mountaineers trapped in a ravine with nothing but ravenous wolves for company. I’m sure that Radiohead never has this trouble. The crowd were suitably unimpressed. There were shouts of ‘taxi for monkeys’ and the like at the end of each song was greeted with the sound of sarcastic slow hand clapping mixed with the sound of mumbling murmurs. 
The one musical highlight of the night was Johan’s new song; a simple acoustic offering called Face In Dreams. He said the song had come to him in a dream the night after the zoo incident and he’d scribbled down the lyrics and sang the melody into a tape recorder after waking at some ungodly hour of the night with the song blaring in his head. 
“It’s not finished yet,” he’d said, “but I’d like to give it an airing, see how it goes down,” he’d added optimistically. It got the biggest cheer or the night, second biggest if you count the whooping applause when Johan had slipped on a beer puddle on stage and landed flat on his back. I didn’t catch all the lyrics from where I was standing but I could make out a couple of lines; something about a wise man and a windmill being sharpened by the air. 
 “Alright lads,” said the first policeman as he let himself into the tiny cupboard that was the changing room at the back of the stage.
“If this is another police-o-gram then we’re not interested,” piped up Hamish, rather bravely.
“We’ve heard that one already tonight,” said the second policeman without a flicker of emotion on his face.
“How’d you enjoy the gig?” asked Johan.
“Don’t give up your day jobs,” said policeman two.
“We can’t all be in The Police,” said Johan, to a mixture of bemused faces.
“No we can’t,” said policeman one.
“And the name of the group is, let’s see ‘six million dollar donkey’ is it?” said policeman two.
“Monkey,” said Hamish.
“I beg your pardon, what did you call me?” said policeman two.
“No, no. I’m not calling you anything. Not a monkey or a donkey. It’s the name of the band, its monkey, not donkey,” said a rather flustered Hamish.
“So, your band is called Monkey. Is that just one monkey or six million dollars’ worth?” said policeman two.
“Its six million dollar monkey, ok?” said Johan.
“You like monkeys do you?” said policeman two.
“We’ve a lot to thank our monkey cousins for,” said Johan.
“Really?” said policeman one “and why’s that?”
“They show us where we’ve come from and where we could all end up” said Johan.
“I don’t know about you but I don’t know if I like being compared to a monkey,” said policeman one, to the sound of predictable sniggers from Hamish and Meaty.
“There are some people who would take great offense to being compared to apes,” said policeman two.
“Maybe those people have never looked into a monkey’s eyes,” said Johan.
“I can’t say that I have, it’s not every day you get the chance to get up close to one is it?” said policeman two.
Hamish and Meaty were turning a deep purple colour as they tried to hold their laughter in.
“Well, I’d certainly recommend it. It’s a beautiful thing,” said Johan. “There’s a understanding there in a monkeys eyes, a message that speaks louder than words, clearer than writing”
“Really, and what message is that?” said policeman two.
“It’s quite simple really. If you stare into a monkey’s eyes then it’s saying to you ‘look, I’m you and this is where you’ve come from. We are the same.’ It’s really quite moving,” said Johan. 
“This is all very interesting,” said policeman two “so let me ask you this. When, exactly, did you come face to face with a monkey?”
The trap was set; he’d known exactly what he was doing when they’d walked into the changing room. 
“Well, it has been a while,” said Johan, rather shakily.
“A while, how long is a while, a day, a week perhaps?” said policeman two.
He knew. I just knew that he knew we’d been in the zoo, in the monkey-house, in with the monkeys and that we were all involved and that we’d scarpered and let Shuggy take the wrap. He wanted to tie the whole thing back to us and he’d led us merrily down a cul-de-sac of questions and had now turned around and blocked our way back out.
“Oh, longer than that,” said Johan “it’s probably a year, two maybe, since I last set eyes on a monkey close up.” 
“A year you say, or maybe two? So you’ve not been up close and personal with any monkeys since then?” said policeman two.
“No, I mean yes,” said Johan.
“Have you made any trips to the zoo lately?” said policeman one.
“No, not for ages,” said Johan.
“But you do know Hugh Hemper don’t you?” said policeman two.
“Shuggy, yes, we know him. He doesn’t real hang about with us anymore. He’s got a few personal problems,” said Johan.
“He certainly has,” said policeman two, “it would seem that all this monkey talk has had quite an effect on Mr Hemper. You do know of his recent visit to the zoo?” said policeman two.
“Were any of you with him on the night in question?” said policeman one.
“No,” said Johan
“Are you quite sure about that?” said policeman one.
“Yes, absolutely,” said Johan, a bit too hastily. 
“You do know which night we’re talking about then, the night of the break-in?”
Johan kept quiet, probably realising that the more he said the deeper the hole he was digging for himself and everyone else.
“You see,” said policeman one, “we’re pretty sure, definite I’d say, that Mr Hemper didn’t just wander into the inside enclosures of the monkey-house all by himself that night. For one thing, he just doesn’t seem the type that would manage to get in through the alarm system and then break into an enclosed space with a dangerous animal. In fact, Mr Hamper didn’t seem to know how he’d got there in the first place or quite what he was doing. We know that there was a group of people in there that night. There were a large number of muddy footprints all over the floor for one thing. Those footprints then led us to a gap in the fence where there were several clumps of fake hair. The kind of hair you’d find on a dress-up gorilla suit. We also have reports of a group of men causing a bit of a disturbance in the area that night and a van was seen circling the estate and stopping at the fence several times.”
“Let’s put it another way will we?” said policeman two, “we know that you lot were there that night. We’re not sure exactly what you were trying to get away with but after our little chat I think we’ve got more of an idea of what we’re dealing with. Breaking and entering is a crime; freeing animals from a zoo is also a crime. Wild animals running round can be very hazardous for members of the wider public. We are watching; watching very closely. The next little outing you make may well end up with you lot in the cages and the monkeys doing the visiting.” 
Chapter 31: Mr Easterly
It was ten thirty on a Sunday morning when he announced himself with a loud knock. I had a buzzer but for reasons best known to himself he’d decided not to use it. I was up and about, had been for all of fifteen minutes. I wasn’t what you’d call wide-awake. I was in that middle ground where sleep still clings to your faculties in a vain attempt to try and drag you back into the realm of semi-consciousness. I’d woken up on the sofa again. This time it had been with the jolting thwack of being hit square in the face by a hooded shape wielding what looked and felt like a cricket bat.  They say that if you die in a dream then you really do die in real life. I’ve been shot at by soldiers in greatcoats with long barrelled rifles; chased through darkened forests by murderous screeching creatures; flown under my own power inches from the top of sky scraping buildings and plunged free-fall towards sea-dashed rocks but I’ve never actually taken a direct hit; been caught, bagged and taken off to be eaten; ended up skewered on a radio mast; or hit the jagged shoreline head first, so I can’t confirm whether this theory is actually true or not. 
However, having sat bolt upright on the sofa that morning after being on the receiving end of the flat side of a solid piece of willow, my actual face, not my dream one, stung so much with the effect of the blow that I felt my lips swell up, my eyes begin to close and my mouth fill with the warm, metallic taste of blood. Quite why blood tastes of metal remains one of life’s many mysteries to me. I’d stumbled through to the bathroom and spat a mouthful of blood into the sink before splashing icy cold water onto my swollen face. I looked at my face in the mirror but to my relief I couldn’t see any outward trace of the damage that the dream bat had inflicted. My lips were still tingling but there was no swelling and I wasn’t displaying any sign of panda-eyes. 
I got dressed quickly and tried to push all thoughts of my rude awakening out of my mind. I filled the kettle and flopped back down on the couch. A moment of peaceful, lazy calm. I closed my eyes and wondered if it was safe to slip back under for half an hour or so. I didn’t get the chance; my eyes snapped open to the sound of a loud, ominous KNOCK!
 “Mr Sharp, I'm very pleased to make your acquaintance. My name is Mr Easterly, I wonder if I could trouble you for a few moments of your time? “
“Are you from the building?” I said.
“The building, no.”
“Well, how did you get up here then? 
“The outside door was open, I did buzz up to your apartment but there was no reply so I thought I’d just try your door on the off chance that you may well be at home,” said Mr Easterly
He certainly didn't look like he was going to try and rip the place off. He must have been in his sixties, tanned leathery, skin with light brown eyes which hid behind a pair of square shaped steel rim spectacles. He was about 5 feet eight and was wearing a sharp looking dark suit with a light blue shirt and dark blue tie with an emblem on it that looked to be a wasp or a bee. He was carrying a small briefcase and just stood there smiling at me expectantly. My instinct told me that he was harmless and it was alright to let him in. My instincts had been way off the mark before. 
“So, is it me you looking for?”
“Yes, I believe it is. This won't take long, can I come in?” 
“What is it you want?”
“Just to talk, I'll keep it as brief as possible, I know that you're a very busy man.”  
I let him in. Mr Boots wandered through to check out the visitor but just took one look and went and lay down in his basket without a further sniff. 
“Some guard dog you are,” I thought.  
“We know quite a bit about you Mr Sharp,” said Mr Easterly. 
“Really, why would you want to?” I said.
“You're being rather modest, don't you think?” said Mr Easterly.
“Are you another reporter?” I asked.
“No, I don't represent any newspaper,” said Mr Easterly.
“Right, I see, so who do you represent then?” I asked.
“We'll get to that Mr Sharp You do seem to be rather 'in-demand' at the moment. We've seen signs of you cropping up all over the place.”
“How do you mean?” I asked.
“The internet for one, albeit in the background in the video of that unfortunate man and his even more unfortunate dog. The local papers have shown an interest in you too and your connections to the unexpected opening. I've even seen that you've had some publicity for the band you're involved in for a prominent competition. It's all really quite impressive.”
I was glad he hadn't heard about the zoo incident, it might have taken the sheen of my reputation. Who was this guy and why was he so interested in what I was up to? I wondered if he was from the police, plain clothes, snooping about after the zoo escapade. 
“Well, I'm not what you'd call a publicity seeker,” I said. “I guess that I've just been in the right place at the right time. Or the wrong time. I'm sure there are lots of people that are getting caught up in all the media interest in the Hanover Street hole. It's not really anything to do with me, it just so happens that I was there when it all started to appear. I could have been out counting traffic cones on the other side of Edinburgh that night but we got called out to the site. Not exactly forward planning.”
“So, being there that night could be thought of as fate?” said Mr Easterly.
 “Fate? I suppose so but it’s not like it’s some kind of big deal - it’s just a bit of a coincidence,” I said.
“Openings don’t just appear for no reason Mr Sharp,” said Mr Easterly.
“It’s not an opening, it’s just a hole in the road. At least, it started out as just a hole in the road, I’m not sure what you’d call it now,” I said.
“We believe very firmly that everything happens for a reason; there is a purpose inherent in events and certain events are pivotal, time-shaping if you will,” said Mr Easterly.
“Like a war?” I asked.
“Exactly Mr Sharp! A war is a pivotal moment in time, it triggers off countless numbers of smaller actions; very few of which could have been predicted. The outcome of all of these is to arrive at a different place in time, where things may appear to be the same at a surface level but are really quite different,” said Mr Easterly. 
“There’s a big difference between a war and a hole in the ground though,” I said.
“Of course there is Mr Sharp. However, what’s happening here is not just a simple hole in the road,” said Mr Easterly.
“Sorry, Mr, erm, Easterly, but I’ve seen it close up. Alright, it’s a lot more impressive now that its spread out over half the city centre but nevertheless it is just a hole. There’s a perfectly straightforward explanation for what happening,” I said.
“And what might that explanation by Mr Sharp?” said Mr Easterly.
“Subsidence, probably falling through into voids that were already there, and have been for a very long time. One had gone and then there’s been a domino effect right through the city centre. I mean, this kind of thing shouldn’t have happened but Edinburgh is well known for its underground worlds.”
“Yes, I think you hit on it there,” said Mr Easterly.
“You see,” he continued “we are in agreement on this, you’re just seeing it from a different perspective than we are.”
“What perspective would that be?” I asked, “An underground world, that is exactly where we are coming from,” said Mr Easterly.
“An underground world …” 
As soon as I’d heard him say those words, alarm bells started to go off in the space between my ears. I could usually spot a loony at fifty paces so I had to admit that Mr Easterly had fooled me: his sharp suit, his reasonable manner, they’d patted me on the head and said it’s alright – I mean you no harm. When he uttered those three words though, well, I knew then that if there was a moon in the sky that he’d be up for bounding after it with a manic look in his eye and a primal howl on his lips. The question sprouting in my head was: What does he want with me? 
I did my best to wrap up the conversation and shoo him away like pesky cat. “You know Mr Easterly this is all very interesting but I do need to be getting on – things to do, people to see – you understand? 
“I see,” said Mr Easterly, still trying to be ever so nice but failing to disguise the menace that had arrived in his tone. “I do realise that you are a very busy young man. What with your professional duties and not forgetting you musical endeavours,” he said.
“How do you know about that?” I asked.
“We do like to do our homework, especially on such an important subject,” said Mr Easterly. I was rather puzzled by that remark. I knew that asking him another question wasn’t going to get him out of my face any faster but I just couldn’t help myself. “Are you stalking me?” I knew as soon as the words left my lips that I should have just kept that one to myself.  Mr Easterly’s eyes narrowed to a sharp slit and something flickered across them that sent a shudder down my spine. I was pretty sure I’d said the wrong thing. Mr Easterly stared at me and held my gaze for an uncomfortable second. “You may be under the apprehension that I’m here on some kind of whim. Let me assure you that I’m not. I represent The Foundation, here is my card,” said Mr Easterly. He passed me a small business card, black on one side, white on the other, each side punctuated with a logo that looked like an upside down volcano. On the white side were the words “Mr A. Easterly Special Envoy The Foundation.”
I looked at it and said, “The Foundation, sorry, I’ve never heard of you.”
“We are a charitable organisation. We specialise in development work, especially with young people and we are establishing a centre here in Edinburgh.”
“Right. I’m not sure what any of this has got to do with me,” I said.
“That’s simple. Music is a very important element in our work. You and your group have recently come to our attention. Initially we’d like to come to one of your concerts and perhaps meet the rest of your group.”
“I see, well that should be easy enough to arrange. We’re playing this Wednesday, just come along, it’s not exactly sold-out.”
“Oh, that’s excellent,” said Mr Easterly, “we’d be delighted to attend, thanks for inviting us.”
“Well, it’s open to the public. Anyone can get in, the more the merrier as they say.”
“Do they indeed? Well, perhaps I’ll bring some acquaintances with me. I’ll leave you to your other activities but we’ll see you on Wednesday,” said Mr Easterly.
With that he snatched my hand and gave it a firm tug, bowed his head solemnly and let himself out. 
Chapter 32: Band Meeting
“It's just not happening is it?” said Hamish.
“We should think about lying low for a while, you know until the heat dies down.”
“We're not going to get done for anything,” said Johan. “If they've got anything solid to tie us the zoo then they would have had us in the cells overnight with a charge sheet at the ready.” 
“He's right,” I said. “They would have hauled us in by now. Anyway, no harm was done, not to us anyway. I'm not so sure about poor Shugg.”
“It's not just about that. I mean, where's it all going? We need to face up the fact that we're, you know,” said Hamish.
“What?” said Johan,.
“Well, crap!”
“Do you really think that?” said Johan.
“No, but we seem to be the only ones that think we're any good. We've no fans, we didn't get into Beer and now we've got the police sniffing about us just in-case we decide to go and kidnap a couple of monkeys,” said Hamish
“It's just a patch, that's all,” said Johan. “It happens to all bands. Look, I would have loved to get into the Dark but we tried our best and just didn't do it. If we get signed up and get a record out then we'll be able to get in next year on the back of that. That way we'll get to play on one of the proper stage instead of being stuck in a two man tepee next to the portaloos.”
“No one is going to give us a deal if we can't get our own following together, are they?” asked Hamish.
“People will get into what we're doing once it’s put in front of them. The problem we have at the moment is getting the music into the right ears. Beer in the Dark would have been a way in for that,” said Johan.
“Or maybe we should kidnap another monkey?” said Hamish.
“We just need to stick to the plan,” said Johan.
“We've got a plan, no-one told me,” said Hamish. 
“Keep writing songs, keep practicing, play as many gigs as we can and try to create a bit of a buzz about the band. That's pretty much all we can do at the moment. It could end up being a long haul but you know what they say?” asked Johan.
“Quit while you're ahead,” said Hamish.
“No, Rome wasn't built in a day,” said Johan.
“Yeah, and look what a state that place is in, it’s full of ruins,” added Hamish.
Chapter 33: After the meeting
I knew what Hamish meant. It really wasn't happening. Quite what any of was expecting to happened would have been different depending on who you spoke to. Johan wanted the full thing; adulation, fame, critical success, stacks of cash, beach-house in Malibu, life at full throttle until he keeled over fat, hairy and forgotten about before he was thirty. He would have been happy with that. He'd no intention of reaching retiral age. Knowing his luck if he did get what he wanted then he'd skip through and end up a hundred years old lecturing people that the secret of a long and happy life was drinking cups of green-tea every day and communing with your inner angel. That wasn't what I wanted, especially the bit about chatting with angels. With me it was pretty simple; I loved playing and if I could do it well enough to make a living doing it then I'd be more than happy. If there was a bit of cash in it then I wouldn't have to jump around in the pool of dead-end jobs to try and scrape together enough cash to keep myself in plectrums, petrol and pooch-food. I knew it was a trickier prospect than it sounded. Everyone and his dog wanted to be in the next U2. Getting a squeak out of a guitar didn't mean you were going to be the next Jimi Hendrix; warbling stream-of-consciousness gibberish didn't mean you were the reincarnation of Jim Morrison. It didn't stop people though. Thank God. It may well have been a dirty job but somebody was going to have to do it and there were plenty of wannabe's standing in line. The problem always seemed to come back to the same thing; getting the right people together in the first place. Without that you had no chance. No amount of crazy ideas to stir up publicity was going to change that. If you did manage to get the right people then he next thing was trying to keep them together for long enough to actually get somewhere. This was where we were. The crossroads. The decision point. The edge of the cliff.  Grumblings about lying low and giving it a rest were just the start. Someone was sure to jump off the edge; of worse, take the road that said “pawn-shop”,  hang up their spurs and watch their once prized instrument gather dust in a packed window display that might as well have been titled “The graveyard of broken dreams”.  There was one of those shops at the bottom of Hanover Street. The thought of it made me shudder.
Chapter 34: Meaty’s lucky stick
Wednesday night: The Menue, Edinburgh
We’d played The Menue umpteen times. It was long established on the Edinburgh circuit. If you could fill the Menue then you were on your way to bigger and better things. Of course we’d never filled the place, hadn’t even come close. I’m not sure if we even made it out of double figures on the crowd count. Still, Johan was convinced that “one day the crowd will come” so we continued to bang our heads off the wall. The numbers in the door were important: less than fifty paying customers and we lost the deposit which the Menue management had craftily extracted from us when they booked us in the first place. We were going on stage at ten. I’d been out front to watch some of the Inlanders set and noted with a sinking feeling that there were exactly sixteen people in the place. That included bar-staff and the Inlanders following who included several elderly gentlemen in flat-caps and at least one border collie. I’m pretty sure the collie had got in without paying. “It’s packed out there,” I’d told the rest of the Monkeys as we were getting ready to shamble on stage. 
“Told you,” said Johan. 
“I’m kidding,” I said. 
“It’s early yet. The fans are probably on their way in a great convoy of coaches as we speak,” he said, without a hint of irony. 
“I’m sure you’re right,” I said, “I don’t think we should wait though, just in case they’ve been involved in a multi-vehicle pile-up on the by-pass.” 
“Good point,” said Johan. “Let’s get out there and bring the house down, convoy or no convoy,” he added with that look in his eye, the same look I was sure was going to lead us all to a sticky doom.   
From the stage we could make out the silhouettes of the people that had hung around to see us, backlit by the lights of the bar. The area in front of the stage was a wide-open space populated by row upon row of missing people. We ran through Juggernaut Sundown followed by Hothouse Ice Bath and the feeling that it was going to be one of those nights began to take up residence on my shoulders.  Near the end of Hothouse the drums suddenly stopped. We all looked round to see Meaty staring rather sheepishly in the direction of the ceiling, his arm raised with a finger pointing straight up as if he’d just witnessed a flying pig.  I had noted before we’d gone on that Meaty was gulping back on a large bottle of coke and it looked like the fizz effect was kicking in, freezing his brain into some kind of a sugar-rush epiphany. 
“It’s stuck,” said Meaty, still pointing.  I looked up and could just make out the end of a drum-stick pointing out through one of the panels of the tiled ceiling. “It’s my lucky stick,” he hissed. “Never mind that,” barked Johan, “just get another one and carry on!”
It was, however, too late for that.  In all his bubbly excitement Meaty had tossed a drum stick heavenwards in his best Keith Moon style and it had gone straight through the ceiling tiles. A man less like Keith Moon you couldn't have met. Moon was famed for his excess. Smashing up hotel rooms, experimenting with horse tranquilizers and going on week long benders dressed in a ball gown. Our Meaty assessed risk for one of Edinburgh investment houses and was so cautious that he'd always wait for the green man at crossings, then double check that there was still nothing coming before stepping out. “You can't be too careful” was one of his favourite phrases and he delighted in telling stories of people getting crushed under buses on Princes Street due to their own slap dashed approach to road crossing.  He'd never been near a horse, yet along the drugs they take and his fashion sense remained under a heavy maternal influence. How exactly he'd ended up playing drums was anyone's guess but I wouldn't have been surprised if he'd based his decision on an extensive survey of the band member least likely to be involved in a health and safety incident. All this only added to the amusement at the sight of Meaty, now perched precariously on the top of a makeshift pile of flight cases and spare drums while he desperately reached for his 'lucky drum stick' in full view of the not packed out Menue. To hell with the music, this was far more dramatic. We all stopped playing and watched Meaty reaching closer to the stick which had gone straight through the ceiling tile, leaving a tantalising inch long tail poking through. The crowd held its breath. It didn't take a Nostradamus to work out what was going to happen next.  Meaty reached an inch too far, grabbed frantically at the poking tail and came crashing down head-first on his own drum kit, skewering himself on his hi hat stand in the process. The cheers from the crowd at this madcap display soon died down when a stream of blood stared to drip over the edge of the stage and the only sign of life from Meaty's direction was a quiet sobbing mixed with the odd aye-a.  The barman hastily called an ambulance and there was an uncomfortable few minutes of silence broken only by the occasional outburst of hysterical laughter. Thankfully this was brought to an end by the sound of approaching sounds sirens. The paramedics piled into the Menue like an overalled amateur dramatics group doing the Keystone Cops, then came to a puzzled stop as they surveyed the scene, trying desperately to figure out what on Earth had happened and what to do next. Much scratching of heads and whispered huddles ensued but they decided not to attempt to detach the hi-hat from our hapless drummer. Not in front of a paying audience anyway. After stemming the blood flow as much as they could and trying their best to re-assure Meaty that he wasn't going die on stage, they strapped him and his hi-hat onto an upright stretcher and began to wheel him gingerly across the stage. The hush in the room was only broken by the sound of the cymbals opening and closing in time with trundling stretcher wheels adding a comic-horror soundtrack to the scene. At one point Meaty let out a blood curdling groan but we soon realised that this had been triggered not by the metal stand digging into an important organ but by the splintering sound of his lucky stick, which had been freed during the leap of the Meaty,  being snapped under one of less lithe paramedic's chunky boots. This brought a groan from the assembled throng and some sarcastic clapping was noted. The words insult and injury came to mind. 
With all the excitement that Meaty had generated I’d completely forgot about Mr Easterly and the Foundation. I swear I didn’t even see them coming into the changing room. Quite how they managed to slip into the tiny room unnoticed puzzled me at the time. Either I was miles away and just didn’t notice them or they materialized into the room like Captain Kirk onto the Planet of Monkey 6. There was an awkward pause as first myself and then Johan noticed them standing there amongst us. They were statue still, standing silently as if they’d been frozen. Mr Easterly blinked and broke the spell.  “I do hope we’re not intruding,” he said. I looked over to Johan, who, for once in his life seemed to be lost for words. “Oh, you made it along,” I said, “not much of a gig for you catch, what with all the carry on with Meaty and the lack of music.”
“How is your drummer?” asked Mr Easterly.
“Raging,” said Johan. “He’s only gone and snapped his lucky drum stick.”
“I did hear something splintering,” said Mr Easterly, “I do hope that it is replaceable.”
“That stick was like a brother to him, it’s hard for us to understand what goes on in the mind of a drummer,” said Johan.
“Indeed,” said Mr Easterly. 
“The stick is probably replaceable. Meaty is a pretty decent drummer though, and that’s about as rare as hen’s teeth in this town,” said Johan.
“I see,” said Mr Easterly, “I didn’t realize hens had teeth.”
Johan looked at me and smirked.
“This is Mr Easterly,” I said to Johan. “Remember, the chap I was telling you about, he might be interested in supporting the band in.”
“Oh right,” said Johan, “a support is it. Well, what sort of stuff is it you guys do? We don’t let just anyone share the stage with Monkey 6 you know.”
“No Johan, it’s not that kind of support,” I said. 
“Eh, well what kind of support is it then,” said Johan to Mr Easterly. 
“We are interested in youth development,” said Mr Easterly. “Music,” he continued, “is an important part of what we do. We are opening up premises here in the city and are looking to get an appreciation of the local music scene. It always a good indicator for our programs.”
“Are you looking to put some money into the band?” said Johan, ever the optimist.
“Is money a driver for you?” said Mr Easterly.
“Not exactly, but the magic beans we have are running pretty short now,” said Johan.
“Beans you say. Just how did you come to be in possession of them?” asked Mr Easterly.
“Good one,” said Johan. “I don’t think we’re exactly in this for the money. Of course if some were to come our way then I’m sure we can put it to good use. Guitars aren’t cheap you know, or recording studios or pressing records or putting on you own gigs,” said Johan. 
“Of course,” said Mr Easterly, “everything costs, although that isn’t always measured in money, is it?”
Johan flashed me a puzzled look at that but it didn’t stop him opening his mouth for too long.
“So, what do you want to do with us then?” said Johan.
“An excellent question,” said Mr Easterly, “perhaps you can help us out by playing at an upcoming event?”
“Five hundred pounds and we’re in,” said Johan.
Mr Easterly’s face broke into an eerie smile. He didn’t say Yay or Nay but just offered his hand to Johan who took it rather gingerly and give it a gentle tug. 
Chapter 35: Sea of Faces
We looked out onto a sea of faces, the room was packed and they were loving it - none of us had ever had that experience before, not in real-life that is. At one of our normal gigs the end of each song was met with a stony silence and the sound of the till opening at the bar. Tonight the crowd were actually applauding, some were even being moved to make a whooping sound. Most unusual. Johan was wearing a grin the size of a genetically modified Cheshire cat. The warmth of the crowd was infectious and our usually shambolic memory of our own songs was replaced by a much punchier sound as we relaxed and began to enjoy ourselves in front of a room full of potential new fans. By the end of the set a large section of the crowd had moved down to the front of the stage and were pressing into a tight sea of people. Johan just couldn’t resist, falling backwards into the throng with his eyes closed. The last time he’d tried this the crowd, of around four people, had taken a step sideways and he’d landed flat on his back, winding himself and ending up in a rather sorry gasping heap. This time, however, the crowd actually stuck up their arms and caught him before pushing him back up onto the stage in a single smooth motion. Even Johan looked surprised at this and said “you’ve done that before” to an extra cheer. We finished our set and walked off stage to a final round of warm applause. 
Mr Easterly caught us as we left the stage. “Excellent performance gentlemen,” he said. “I think you’ve won over a room full of new admirers tonight and I’m glad to see you have made a full recovery,” he nodded towards Meaty.
“Fool is the word,” said Johan. “Thankfully the damage has been done to some rather vital organs and not to the bit of the brain that controls whether you can play the drums or not.”
 “Is everyone here Foundation people?” 
“Oh yes, we don’t let just anyone in you know,” said Mar. Easterly.
“You let us in,” said Meaty
“You were invited guest performers and very welcome you are too,” said Mr Easterly.
“Members only then,” said Meaty.
“That’s correct,” said Mr Easterly, “of course we are always on the lookout for suitable new converts. If you’re interested in what we do then I can get one of our coordinators to walk you through the basics. I’m sure there will be something we’re involved in that will interest all of you. For now though, I’ll leave you all to relax and mingle. I’m sure there are a lot of people here that will want to meet you all.”
Chapter 36: Excitables
“That was an awesome performance guys, can we get a picture with you?” said the bloke with the floppy side-parting hair as he materialised in front of us with a gaggle of other excitables. 
“No problem,” said Johan, standing front and centre, looking past the camera with not a smidge of a smile on his face. 
They couldn’t have been long out of their teens, dressed in dark shirts and pointy black boots. They were bouncing around like they’d just had their first drink, maybe they had, though they didn’t look or smell particularly plastered to me. 
“We’ll be at you next show, you guys are going somewhere very special - we all hope we can come along on the journey with you,” said Floppy.
“Thanks,” said Johan, “so, are you members of the Foundation?”
“You could say that but we’re not really supposed to talk about it, you know, if you’re not on the inside,” he said.
“No problem, Mr Easterly said he’d give the low down anyway, I’m sure he’ll fill us in with how it all works if we ask him,” said Johan.
At the mention of Mr Easterly, Floppy’s head moved back, his mouth opened and his eyes looked like they were going to make a pop-based bid for freedom.
“Mr Easterly, is he here?” said Floppy.
“Yes, we were just talking to him backstage,” said Johan,” why do you want to meet him?”
“I don’t think that would be appropriate,” said a terrified looking Floppy.
“He’s not all that bad,” said Johan with a sly smile, “he won’t bite you know”
“I’m sure you right. We didn’t realise he was actually here,” said Floppy.
“He booked us personally, he seems pretty keen on us,” said Johan.
“Of course, well it’s been great meeting you, we’ll let you get around to meeting your new fans,” said Floppy and off they wandered, looking rather less inflated than they had thirty seconds earlier.
“Looks like Easterly scares the bejesus out of them,” said Meaty. I looked back over to the stage area but all our gear had been cleared away. It was as if we’d never been there.
Chapter 37: Raving  
Johan was gutted. You would have thought that he'd been on the receiving end of some terrible, life shattering news; his whole family had been wiped out in a freak accident; he'd found out that he had something that was untreatable; his favourite cat had been pancaked by a runaway steamroller. He'd retreated so far into himself that I had to biff him on the back of the head before I could get any reaction from him at all. 
"You'll not get much out of him," said Meaty, "you'd think it was the end of the world." 
"How come, has he broken a nail or something?" 
"No, much worse, its Julian's Spear."
"What, they've split up?"
"Worse."
"Have they been involved in an accident with a combine harvester?"
"No such luck. They've been all over the TV playing live at Beer."
"Aw, right."
"Everyone and their dog is raving about them. Looks like your man has taken it all a bit personal."
"It’s not your fault Johan, you'll just have to admit they're better than us," I said, trying not to laugh.
Johan just looked at me and shook his head.
"Just 'cause they've been all over the TV doesn't mean they've made it, just lucky that's all. Good publicity for them but anyone with a pair of ears on them won't take too long to realise that they’re a pile of mince," I said, in an attempt to cheer him up. He just stared off into space, somewhere deep in Johan's head a large concrete block was being hoisted up above the Spear's head’s and Johan was sharpening a large and shiny looking pair scissors. 
Chapter 38: Opening Night
The site was supposed to be cordoned off. Maximum security is how Winters had termed it, “I don’t want any undesirables wandering in there, especially the press, we’ve enough problems without one of their anchors taking a leap into the unknown and ending up never being seen again,” he’d said. “I can think of worse things,” Ivor had replied. 
“Just keep vigilant when you’re working down there. Keep on the lookout for undesirables. The site is dangerous enough as it is without any more unsavoury incidents,” said Winters. Of course, what Winters said and what actually happened wasn’t the same thing at all. 
I wandered in pretty much unchallenged. The ‘guards’ at the main gate looked me up and down and opened up without so much as a ‘can I see your pass’. The perimeter of the site was a whole street further back from the original site boundary, the hole had expanded, and so had the cordon. What a mess! The streets had just disappeared into a huge black crater. The tarmac which overhung the perimeter of the hole sagged lazily like the top layer of a giant collapsed pie. The hole itself was just an inky opening; from above it looked like the pupil of a colossal eye, staring out sightlessly towards the heavens.  Buildings near the hole had slid lazily towards the void, stopping at lopsided angles as if waiting for the final push. There was one gap where a whole section of Thistle Street had simply disappeared completely: it was as if it had been an enormous Lego piece, plucked out of the scene by the hand of an unseen giant who needed that bit for something else they were building. Ivor was hunched over a site drawing in the portacabin. He was peering at it suspiciously, just waiting to see which one of them flinched first. His concentration levels were so high that he didn’t hear me come in. It was a times like that that I wished I had a balloon to burst and a sharp pin. Knowing Ivor he probably wouldn’t have even twitched. “Alright Ivor, have you found the missing millions?” I said. “Not yet,” mumbled Ivor. “What about those missing pipes, did they ever turn up?” I said. “I think we are way beyond missing pipes now,” said Ivor. “Maybe the beasty ate them first, got a taste for it, and then just went on a mad feeding frenzy?” I said. “There’s a beasty at work alright, the one that’s burrowing about in your brain,” said Ivor. “A tad harsh,” I said. “I’m pretty sure we’d find something small and furry with a big mouth if we cracked open your cranium,” said Ivor. “Thanks, I think,” I said. “There’s got to be something in there that’s eaten away at the brains you were born with,” said Ivor with barely an ounce of irony. “Wow Ivor you’re being super friendly tonight, have you been sniffing the marker pens again?” I said. “Do you want to go into the hole to find my missing hammer?” said Ivor. I decided that I’d had my fun with the old so and so, for now anyway. “So what are we doing tonight then Ivor?” I asked. “You’ve got about half an hour to do your hair or whatever it is you spend your time doing, then, we’re going up to the junction to take some levels, looks like things up that end may be on the move again,” said Ivor. 
We picked our way rather gingerly up the edge of the site. It was a pitchy-black night, the sky was pricked with pinhole stars and a slither of a moon which gave a cold blue hue to the site. The strange moonscape was lit up by the occasional sentinel figure of a spot light. They threw out a tight pool of white light but out with their gaze the ground remained shadowed and hidden. Some lights had been positioned along the edge of the hole but they didn’t last more than a few days, the hole was hungry and it seemed happy enough to take a bite out of anything that got just too close, especially if it was shiny of head or spindly or leg. The powers that be had decided a make shift fence would be more effective but no one had told the hole and as it was periodically on the move some sections of the fence line had been left hanging precariously in mid-air. We followed the line of an impromptu path that had sprung up and now nudged the main site boundary, running as far away from the hole as possible. I was carrying the box with the level in it, along with the full height tripod. In my pockets was a claw hammer and a box of hilti-nails and the staff, of course. I was struggling to keep up with himself as he strode off at full pace. I was well aware that I weighed so much that one wrong step and I would be taking a long flight into oblivion. Ivor was up ahead, lighting the way with his torch. Apart from that and his trusty jacket he was travelling light, as usual. Ivor stopped and stood, with right leg raised on a convenient boulder. He was gazing out longingly over the site and I thought he might just raise a flattened palm to just above his eyebrows to complete the classic catalogue pose that I was sure he was subconsciously aiming for.
“Just take your time,” shouted Ivor in my direction. 
“You could give me a hand you know, I’m not a donkey,” I said. 
“That’s a matter of opinion,” I heard him mutter. “I’m setting up here,” he waved his hand and I dropped the tripod next to him. “Watch that,” he barked, “we don’t want you to have to go hunting for the spare at this time of the night, do we?”
I decided to keep my mouth shut, he’d obviously got in or out of his bed on the wrong side and had concluded that it was somehow my fault. 
“Right, let’s get on with this, we don’t want to be standing on the edge when the world decides to turn on itself,” said Ivor. I concurred. Ivor produced a circular steel tape from one of his pockets and motioned that I should walk off in the opposite direction until I felt a tug. “Ten meters,” said Ivor and off I shambled back the way I’d just came, one hand now gripping the dumb end of the tape. When I got to ten meters Ivor tugged his end of the tape, my signal to stop and put the staff at the exactly the end of the tape. I did this and waited until Ivor stared at the staff though his level, wrote down what he saw in his site notebook and then gave me the signal, an exaggerated wave of his arm. Off I plodded for another ten meters. I’d repeated this three times when it started. At first I thought it was one of the bigger machines on the site firing into life. It started with a low growl followed after a second by the ground vibrating up through my feet, legs and into my chest. There was a pause for a moment and then an almighty groan as the ground beneath my feet lurched violently sending me surfing on a wave of ruptured earth, clattering onto my back right on the edge of the hole. I looked over to see the other side of the hole suddenly collapsed in on itself. The roof line of the buildings behind it buckled and from within the hole itself a cloud of dust flumed up as if it had just puffed out a mouthful of smoke. As I looked down into the black I thought I saw the darkness move in a lazy swirl as if there was something stirring it from below. There was a broken clatter as another section of the fence line fell into the unknown along with one unlucky spot light, plucked from obscurity to oblivion. High overhead a searchlight threw shapes across the sky, hovering motionless for a moment and then wheeling off out of my view. I scrambled to my feet and rescued the staff which was see-sawing at the edge, Ivor would have done his nut if I’d lost that, we didn’t have a spare.
“Ivor!” I shouted.
I looked back to where I’d last seen him and there was nothing there now except fresh air over the newly expanded void. No sign of the tripod; no sign of the level; no sign of Mr Grumpy. He really had got out of bed on the wrong side. He’s gone into the hole. How am I going to explain this to Winters? 
I scuttled my way back up closer to where I’d last seen him last but the ground ran out within a few feet. The opening had slid its way under the site boundary, blocking off my access to where he’d set up his level. There was no sign of him or any of his equipment. The air was thick with the dust that had been thrown up but the ground itself had stopped moving. I could hear a distant rumble though, like the growl of underground thunder. From beyond the main site boundary I could see the lights of approaching vehicles, sirens were sounding, wheels were screeching. I wasn’t sure if they were coming towards us or speeding off in the opposite direction. I strained to see through the barrier but I could only make haphazard shapes. One of the shapes said, “You didn’t think I’d gone in there did you?”
“Ivor, is that you?” I said. 
“No, it’s Elvis Aaron Presley,” said the shape. 
“Oh, you can’t be Ivor, he’d never say the name of someone who’d plugged in an electric guitar,” I said. 
“I make an exception from the King,” said the shape. 
“Ivor’s gone into the abyss,” I said, “you must be his more friendly reincarnation?” 
“Unfortunately for you that isn’t the case,” it said. 
“How did you get over there,” I said. 
“Well, I either shape-shifted through the barrier or I stepped through that gate over there,” said the shape which I now knew was Ivor.
“Didn’t you fancy floating off into the unknown,” I said. 
“I’ll leave that to you and you’re band,” said Ivor. 
“Well I nearly ended up in there, how come you’re alright?” I said. 
“I felt something and I just stepped away from the edge. Lucky really as I only had a second to spare before the bit I was standing on disappeared, level, tripod, the lot!” said Ivor. 
“That’s another one of our lives used up, we can’t have that many left” I said. 
Ivor just looked at me through the slats in the barrier. He reminded me of a cow in a transporter lorry staring out at the green fields at the side of the road while on his way to yet unimagined fate.
Chapter 39: Loop the loop
They kept re-running it over and over. Every fifteen minutes it was repeated and the clip itself was so brief that they put it on a continuous loop, just in case you missed the main event on the first four or five passes. It was dark, smoky looking, and the camera jumped at just the wrong moment. Nevertheless, there was a glimpse of something that appeared to be moving, deep within the hole. It could just have been a trick of the light. Perhaps it was a localised tremor that buckled the ground with its power. Maybe it was the ground falling in on itself, pushing up a plume of dusty earth. I’d been there, right next to the edge of the hole; I’d felt the power of the ground shaking; the bass groaning had shuddered my bones to the point where they were emitting their own sound. The earth certainly had moved but I hadn’t seen anything that had caused that, not something that I would have called solid or physical anyway: the footage showed something different. There was something down there and it had moved. It looked like it was some huge structure turning over. The camera had caught just a moment of it. A shiver spread up my back as I watched it on the small screen. It looked like I’d had a closer call than I’d realised. 
“Our exclusive footage shows the moment of the latest tremor within the Edinburgh road collapse,” said Angie Angel, the XYZ anchor. “There appears to have been movement from within the void itself. Our footage shows the earth buckling, forcing up a huge column of dust from deep underground. We already know that the chasm which has opened up in this historic city centre is reported to be several hundred feet deep and has resulted in widespread evacuation of the area and surrounding streets and buildings. It now appears that the whole area is not stable, contradicting an assertion made by local authorities who had originally attributed the hole to local subsidence. As our footage shows that is obviously not the case.” 
Chapter 40: The good ship Monkey Six
My latest brush with the Hanover hole had left me in a strange head-space. I felt like I was being summoned. No matter how much rational thought I put into trying to convince myself that there was no such thing as a pre-decided destiny, the feeling I had in the deepest part of my stomach told me something different. How many brushes with that hole was it going to take for me to sit up and take notice of the signs? What was it trying to tell me? Stay away? Don’t hang out with Ivor? What exactly was causing all those movements? After all, this was happening in the centre of Edinburgh not San Fransisco. There was no fault-line here, was there? I came to the conclusion that there was two ways I could approach the situation. I could face up to it like a grown-up, tackle the problem head-on and get it sorted out once and for all. Alternatively, I could try my best to ignore it with the hope that it would all just go away. So that's I did. I locked all thoughts of beckoning chasms in a small silvery box inside my head and did my best to forget all about it. Thankfully, events with the band looked like they were taking a turn for the better and that helped take my mind of the contents of the silvery box. We had pretty much abandoned our own poorly thought out plans for future journeys on the good ship Monkey 6; the toilet gigs, the low quality recordings, the battle of the bands contests, the kidnapping of random exotics and the jump first, think later approach to self-promotion that had got us, well, not any closer to our elusive goal, whatever that was anyway. The closest we had got to anywhere of mention was our brush with the authorities after the zoo affair. I wondered what would have happened if we had pulled that off? If we had managed to smuggle monkey junior out of the zoo and somehow had held it to ransom. Did Johan expect to make some money out of that? Was it just a desperate caper to try and get our name known. Were we going to film a ransom video and put the poor beasty in one of our Monkey 6 t-shirts? Who would come to see a band that had kidnapped a Monkey baby? Johan’s head was full of some very broken biscuits, there was no mistaking that. He was a danger to himself and all of monkey kind. Anyway, all of that was behind us now. It would make a mere footnote when our unauthorised biography hit the shelves in ten years’ time. For the time being we had become the official house band for the Foundation. I was no longer completely sure how we’d go so involved with them but there was no doubting their uncanny knack of getting exactly what they wanted. Mr Easterly had been quite insistent, "I'd like to retain your services for the next period. We have a series of important events coming up and we'd like you to be involved. It would be prudent to free up your engagement diary for the next few weeks so that we can all concentrate on the upcoming celebrations. The final of these is called the Festival of the Seed, a most important gathering for members of the Foundation. It’s a great honour to be asked to participate at that festival. Of course, I do realise that a group of your standing may already have many engagements lined up but these will need to be put to one side for now. We need to know that you'll be available when the time comes, which may be at short notice. In lieu of this inconvenience we are willing to compensate you for any potential loss of earnings, plus interest," he said.
It seemed like a crazily one sided deal to me. We didn't have any bookings coming up. The well had run pretty much dry on that front.  Even if we did manage to snag a last minute gig somewhere the kind of money we got paid barely covered us for petrol and bass strings. Still, if good old Mr E was daft enough to be prepared to pay good money to stop us wandering off and pedaling our wares elsewhere then it was his own fault when Johan said to him, "A couple of thousand ought to cover it." He managed to keep his face as straight as a roman road. "It is a particularly busy time of year for us and you’re right about our diary. It’s not just full, it bulging at the seams.  There would be a lot of disappointed fans if we were to clear our schedule, after all, they can't come along and see us at a Foundation event now, can they?"
"No, that wouldn't be appropriate," said Mr Easterly while gently stoking his chin. "Shall we call if £3500, I take it that would cover everything?" he asked. 
"That should do it," said Johan. "It'll go toward our next recording session for one thing." 
"Excellent, I'm sure the Foundation would gladly pay towards that, we'll round it up to four shall we?" asked Mr Easterly.
"Well, they are expensive, you get what you pay for you know," said Johan.
"I'm sure you do. Quality is most important," said Mr Easterly, who was already penning a cheque for four big ones.
The Foundation gigs were the kiss of life for us. It gave us a new focus. The simple fact that we knew we were going to be playing in front of an audience that consisted of more than one man, his dog and the bar staff gave our practice sessions and writing ideas a new found impetus. We were actually becoming pretty tight. We could start and end songs at the same time and play them at roughly the same tempo every time we played them. This was major progress for chaps of our limited abilities in the counting department.  Previously, it had been a minor miracle if we'd managed to get to the end of a song without at least one of us forgetting what is was we were supposed to be doing and triggering off a domino effect which ended up in a wobbly mess of wrong notes and red faces. The biggest change was in Johan. For one thing there was no more of his wild ideas for promoting the band. He seemed quite content that we were playing in front of people and managing to get paid for it. He’d fallen in step with what we were doing with the Foundation. We had enough to go into the recording studio. His song writing was getting better too. He'd always been pretty prolific. He would turn up and each practice session with new ideas but now they had something extra. Before, you could usually spot the influences. Whoever he'd been listening too at the time, then that was what his ideas would sound like. He'd always put his own slant on things. After all, his world view was certainly seen through his own unique tint. Now, his ideas were completely unpredictable. Whatever it was that he was listening to, whatever influence he was drinking in, he was keeping it very much to himself, another unusual development. I for one couldn’t work out where his new ideas were coming from. There was definitely a new influence at work but quite what that was I just couldn’t work out. It was during this time that Johan came up with the demo version of The Witching Pond. It was quite unlike anything I’d heard him write before. For one thing with was good: really good. I’ve I had to sum it up in one word it would be haunting. The melody fired straight to a place in your head that felt like you were at last recalling a long forgotten memory of some bitter sweet moment. As soon as he started to play it the atmosphere in the room changed, the noise and the light were sucked out leaving a lazy calm and a dim spotlight on Johan and the sound of the song. I’d thought it must have been someone else’s song, an obscure B-side from an band of passing geniuses that died in a horrible accident on the way to an early gig, leaving barely an audible trail behind them. Johan insisted it was his own idea and that it had come it him, like so much of his imaginings, in a vivid, fevered dream. 
“I’d had a long chat that day, with Mr Easterly, you know after the Foundation gig we’d played, over at the Fruit Exchange,” said Johan. “He was telling me all about what they do, what they want to do and what it is they are all about. He’s got a way about him, I’ll give him that much. He makes you feel like you’re the important one. He kept coming back to talking about the band and how we were doing the right thing and that we were making a path that others would follow, lighting the way to an uncertain future. All that sort of thing. From anyone else I would have said it was a lot of patronising nonsense but from him, well, I just believed him. Then he completely threw me. He started talking about the name of the band and that he knew that we’d had communications with a Mrs. J. I said that he’d lost me there and that I didn’t recognise the name. He said that he didn’t expect me to know the name as it was the name that they gave to her but he said that he knew there had been contact between us. When I asked him who he was talking about he said that he’d probably said too much already, perhaps he’d spoken out of turn but that he was sure I’d put the pieces of the puzzle together before too long. It’ll come to you, was his parting shot on the subject. All a bit odd how he’d brought it up in the first place but then didn’t seem to want to tell me any more. It stuck in my head and I couldn’t stop thinking about it that night. It was keeping me up. I started playing around with the guitar and eventually got so tired that I fell asleep on the couch, guitar lying on top of me like some weird pet. Anyway, I had a pretty spiky dream. 
I was back in the zoo. In the monkey house and I was face to face with her again. She was staring at me, holding my gaze and I just couldn’t move my eyes away. She was like some kind of powerful monkey hypnotist. I could feel myself get drawn in, into her mind, the bit behind all the fur and the bone, the bit that was in control. A wave of energy pulsed through me, like I was getting a telepathic injection of some mad monkey drug. Then, she bowed her head and closed her eyes. She stayed like that for what seemed like ages. Very slowly she lifted her head and fixed me with her eyes again. Except this time her eyes were full of a deep sadness, as if she was remembering some terrible time for her. Slowly she opened her mouth. It just kept opening, her lips drawing back to reveal lines of rather sharp looking teeth. For a moment I thought she was going to have a go at biting my head clean off but thankfully not. That was when she started to sing. Now, you might think that a monkey singing would just be a series of grunts and screeches but the voice that came out of her furry throat was the most mesmerizing sound I’d ever heard. She sang, I listened. It was like being having a personal gig from a monkey superstar. There weren’t any words as such, nothing I could make out exactly but there was a language to it, something primitive that stirred up some fragment of memory. I was stunned. She made sounds I’ve never heard before and if everyone could have heard it I think a lot of things would change. Just as she finished singing I came to but I still had the song in my head so I quickly sang the melody into my portable recorder and worked out the rough chords on the guitar and wrote them down. Then, at last, I had a really good sleep, no dreams, no monkeys, no music, just good old blank canvas bliss. When I woke up the next day I got to work on the song and well, there it is.” 
Well, this was more like the Johan of old. Monkeys: he was obsessed and possessed by anything in a fur suit. Now they were singing to him in dreams and he was using those songs as new songs for our band which was named, by Johan, in tribute to, guess what, a monkey. I wondered if there was any chance of us being pursued for copyright or plagiarism or such like but I couldn’t see how or by who to be honest. It was a cracking song though and we soon knocked it into shape with the full band and we all knew that this was something different for us, something special.
“We need to get this recorded,” I’d said. “We should use some of the money from Mr E to do a good job on this one.” 
“You’re probably right, I’m sure he’ll be looking for something to show for his cash,” said Johan. “Let’s play if a few times at the shows first though, make sure we get it as good as we can before we put it down in in the studio.”
Chapter 41: The Festival of the Seed
“I’m delighted to be the one to tell you of the great honour that’s been bestowed on you all,” said a rather excited looking Mr Easterly. None of us said a word, we just looked at each other and tried not to snigger too publicly. “Members of the Foundation Council have requested your attendance at the Foundation Festival of the Seed. Not only that but we would like you to perform at the finale of the event, the part we call The Lifting of the Veil. I have to tell you that it’s a great privilege to take part in such an occasion and your participation will be generously rewarded as well as cementing your links with the Foundation and its many followers,” he said. 
That was what he’d said and before we knew it we were running through our sound check on the huge stage they’d set up for the event. As far as I could make out, we were the only band playing. There was no sign of any other young pretenders of musical kit kicking about near the stage. There was a full programme of speakers and lectures. Mr Easterly had been very specific about what he wanted from us; six songs finishing with The Witching Pond. At the end of The Witching Pond they would be performing the Lifting of the Veil which we would be allowed to witness. We were however under strict instructions not to discuss, photograph or share in any way what was contained in the Festival with anyone outside of the Foundation. To sweeten this they were paying us a whopping great fee, partly for playing, partly for keeping our mouths shut. Those Foundationers were seriously loaded, they could have bought us off for a couple of hundred quid, never mind ten thousand. 
They’d built something at back of the staging area. It was huge, the full width of the stage and all the way up into the gods of the theatre. I wondered if it was going to be a gigantic ‘F’ or perhaps a huge image of Mr E himself. Whatever it was they’d built it during the night before the festival and they had security guarding it like it was the president changing his trousers under a blanket. There was no way anyone was going to manage a sneaky peek under the giant white tarpaulin they had it draped in. “All will be revealed at the right time,” said Mr Easterly when he saw us all eyeing it up inquisitively. 
The place had been jammed from the off. The Foundationers had been queuing up all the way around the block from early doors. I couldn’t see what the appeal was personally, I mean, aside from the obvious attraction of ourselves strutting our stuff, the idea of being stuck in a rammed theatre all day listening to a series of boring speakers and attending workshops on how to be a better Foundationer etc. was my idea of a slow day in hell. I just didn’t have the patience for all of that. There is was though, hundreds of eager beavers waiting to soak up the juice of the Foundations teachings like a beach full of sponges waiting for high tide.  
By the time we hit the stage the place was jumping. They’d all been bombarded with Foundation messages and there had been a free for all banquet which included, for one night only, a relaxation of the no alcohol policy. This allowed everyone to be able to partake in the Drinking of the Dew. That seemed to have managed to get the majority of them as high as kites. It was like they were all out of their faces on ecstasy or something similar. They were loved up and buzzing, hugging each other and pointing fingers to the skies like they were recognizing someone or something up there. Looking out over the crowd from the stage was like looking out over a tribe of frenzied cannibals with nothing in their stomachs and a pot on the boil. They seemed to have broken out into some kind of collective fever. 
“I don’t know what was in that dew stuff but as soon as we’re finished I’m wiring in,” said Johan in my ear between songs. 
He was loving it. I looked across the stage at him, strutting around, foot up on the wedge monitors, posing like the rock god he’d always fancied himself as. I bet he thought that he’d brought this crowd to their communal blissed out state. The truth was that you could have been a one armed man with a kazoo up there and he would have been hailed as the messiah. We’d just lucked in and were basking in the reflected shine. Not that we weren’t adding to it. We were actually having an effect on the audience too. The excitement that they were feeling was fueling us and we were playing and sounding better than we’d ever done. We were bouncing that back to the crowd and that was stoking up the fires of euphoria. By the time we were into the intro of The Witching Pond we were beginning to feel like a real band at a real gig instead of a bunch of chancers kidding on we knew what we were doing. It was certainly a first.
The haunting melody of The Witching Pond brought a silence to the room that verged on the religious. Johan sang it like a man possessed by the spirit of someone who really could sing. The opening lines hung in the air like a hazy cloud;
This is where we sat
This is where we watched
They led her to the edge
She turned her head to darkening skies
Wept her silent goodbyes
Then turned towards the witching pond
It was eerie and all consuming. Something was at work and my guess was that the figure behind the curtains pulling the strings had little pointy horns growing out of his head. 
At the end of the song, the last note rang out and echoed through the theatre as clear as a church bell sounding through a Swiss valley. No one applauded. No shouts or whoops. Just a revered silence. We looked at each other nervously. I wondered for a second if the whole place was going to descend into gales of laughter with belly laughs and guffaughs and everyone pointing at us like we were a troop of passing jesters. Thankfully, I was wrong on that one.  
Johan was standing centre stage. He turned sideways to the crowd and looked up towards the rear of the stage. The lights dimmed and a series of flickering white pinpricks sparkled into life around the base of the curtained object at the back of the stage. Then, there was a moment of complete darkness followed by a soft, electric blue light which washed the stage lighting up the figure that had just been revealed. A collective gasp went up from the crowd. I nearly fainted myself. The sight of it! They all looked up at the figure on the stage and then as if following an invisible sign they began to fall to their knees and bow their heads. We were still standing on the stage. I’d thought that we’d get cheered back for an encore, or even two, but I was left felling uber self-conscious now like I was the one that had just stumbled noisily into a room full of monks sworn to a life of silence where none of them could pipe up and tell me to shhhh, so they just stared and pointed towards the door.
One by one we slinked off the stage. We tried to make ourselves look as invisible as we could. No easy feat in a place where everyone’s attention was on the very place we were standing. Johan, of course, had a different reaction. I had managed to get off the stage and down the side steps, eager to get a better look at the figure that had been uncovered. 
And there is was. The whole room, packed as it was with reverential Foundationers, was bowing in front of the effigy of an enormous monkey.
In the monkeys arms a baby was being cradled and the expression on the mothers face was that of a sad, knowing wisdom. I thought, “This must be a joke.” However, the mood of awe that was floating through the room led me to believe that I was the only one stifling a laugh. Johan was still standing there, centre stage, staring up at the monkey and baby. He was completely motionless, frozen in stone under the spell of what we were all looking at. 
The lights began to brighten and onto the stage strode Mr Easterly. He walked across to Johan who handed him the microphone like a man who’d rehearsed the move. Mr Easterly stood for a moment, looking out over the room of still bowed heads. I saw a sly smirk cross his face, just for a moment and then he spoke into the microphone.
“Yes! Isn’t she an amazing sight?”
The heads began to rise. Looking at their faces I could see that many were lined with tears. Some people were hugging each other but all of them kept facing the stage. They were as quiet as church mice at a funeral. 
“It’s the beginning!” shouted Mr Easterly.
An agitated murmur spread across the floor. Squeals of excitement rushed into the air, only to be squashed into silence before they could do too much damage. 
“That’s right. Tonight, our time has come. Those of us gathered here are honoured. It’s our mission now to lead the way. Leaders need to be the first to take the path and that’s what we’ll do. Many will follow but this is our part in the bigger story, one that’s only now starting to unfold. Some of us have spent a lifetime, watching, waiting, searching. There have been false dawns before. Hopes have been raised, only to be cruelly dashed on the rocks of disappointment. Not this time!”
This brought the crowd to their feet, excited murmurs breaking out into applause. 
“There’s no mistaking the signs. They’ve all lined up and revealed themselves, just as it is written, just as we always knew they would come to pass. In the past, when our hopes have been raised before, there has always been missing pieces. Some of those pieces didn’t seem to make any sense. Impossible things many said. Flights of fancy. Some even resorted to calling our holy book the babblings of a mad man.”
This last remark brought gasps and groans from the crowd. Someone shouted out, “The gates won’t open if you don’t believe!”
“That’s right my friend,” said Mr Easterly. “They won’t open for those who have no real faith. The faint at heart are not for this journey. It’s only for those of us who are pure, true to our purpose. We are the ones that have remained untainted by the nay-sayers and those who would mock. We are the ones that believed that this day would come, whether in our own lifetime or in the lifetimes of our young, we have always believed. Where has that belief taken us? It’s taken us here my friends. Tonight, belief has repaid us. The signs were sent. We came to this fair city. It revealed its power, not only to us, but to everyone. It beckoned us with its mystery. Then, it gathered us together and as we gathered it brought us our pathfinder.”
Mr Easterly turned to the giant figure of the monkey and baby and then turned back towards Johan.
“Will you come,” he beckoned to Johan, reaching out his hand.
“Will you be our pathfinder?” 
Now, the Johan I knew would have sniggered in the face of such a ridiculous question. Pathfinder? What did that mean, were they off for a ramble in the Pentland Hills? He would have scratched his chin and said “How much is it worth?” Something had changed though. 
Johan was looking at Mr Easterly with a face I’d never seem him wear before. It was as if he was mesmerized, star-stuck. Johan was usually so cock sure of himself and so damn stubborn that I couldn’t see how that could have happened. He was the guy the hypnotist never picked and yet there he was, standing there like he was one of the Foundationers instead of one of the band.
Johan turned towards the monkey and baby statue, looked up at it and dropped down to his knees in a theatric slump. He leant forward and kissed the monkeys giant foot. A wave of applause started, building quickly to a rhythmic uniform clapping that Meaty would have approved. Its effect on me was different: a shiver pulses up my spine. I was witnessing a factory of robots all animated by the same switch. Mr Easterly strode over to Johan and placed a hand on his head as if anointing him. Johan stood up shakily. His eyes were red. I couldn’t believe he was filling up over a monkey statue. Then again. He turned back towards the crowd, raised his arms and pointed with both hands towards the sky. Mr Easterly handed Johan the microphone. Johan waited until the theatre quietened before saying,
“I’d be honoured.” 
Mr Easterly said, “As it’s been written, so it will come to pass. As you know there is a place for all of us believers. There are those among us tonight who will be the first to make the journey. You’ve already been chosen!”
He gestured towards Johan as he said, “As our talisman it’s your honour to read out the names. If your name is called then please make your way towards the stage so we can all see you and wish you well as you step into the path we all shall follow.”
Mr Easterly handed Johan an envelope which he opened and began reading out the names; Jennifer Bradley, Charlie Stone, August Lee, Trey Hunter, Christy James, Jay Jenkins …
One by one the owner of the name walked up onto the stage to the steady hand clap of the crowd. It was like a cross over between a graduation ceremony and an award show. Some of them looked so painfully shy that they could hardly lift their eyes off the floor. Trey Hunter, a gangly, pale skinned lad of around twenty, wearing a buttoned up shirt and tie that he’d left untucked and hanging over a pair of undersized trousers, bounced onto the stage , punching his arm in the air and whooping “Yes!”. He was more than a little chuffed to be getting his hands on one of the golden tickets and no mistake. Mr Easterly shook their hands eagerly. They bowed towards him, Jennifer Bradley kissed his hand as if he was the Pope and Christy James giggled like a star struck school girl. They lined up with Johan at the centre, all choreographed by Mr Easterly who had something else to say.
“Please welcome your pioneers”. The whole place erupted. Mr Easterly let the applause go on for what seemed like an ice age before lifting his hand for quiet. 
“Take a good look at these fine people. They will all go down in our history as the first. They are pioneers. They are pilgrims. They are explorers and they are brave. Their eyes will be first to see where we are all going. They’ll walk the ground we’ll all journey on. This is a great honour but it may not be so easy. I ask you, what’s easy in this life that’s worth anything? Men of wisdom have said that the race is the prize and for this, such a precious quest, the one which will finally take us all to where we are meant to be. Will this of all things be an easy task?”
This brought uneasy murmurs for the crowd. People weren’t sure how to react.
“I think not. So, we place our trust in these good people to walk with honour, with their heads held high and to remember that they represent all of us and that it is already written that we will achieve our aim and reach our goal.”
Two helpers appeared from the side of the stage carrying large bags. They left the bags carefully positioned at Mr Easterly’s feet. He then proceeded to remove the contents. Inside the bags were backpacks, each one name tagged and stuffed full of kit. Mr Easterly carefully removed the backpacks, one by one, and then ceremoniously walked over to the name tagged recipient and handed over the bag. The crowd watched the ceremony in silence. Johan was the last to receive his and the sight of them all lined up, each now holding their own rucksack, reminded me of the start of some awful school outing, the one where you were desperate for the loo before you even got on the bus for a two hour drive with no stops to some rain swept, second rate tourist attraction to spend a never ending day listening to some bored guide tell you things you’d never remember while ticking off assignments that are mind numbing in their tediousness.
They looked serious and more than a little scared. Maybe the excitement of their great honour was already starting to feel like they’d been volunteered to go over the top dressed in high visibility vests with targets painted on their foreheads. 
Mr Easterly stepped up to the front of the stage. “Take a good look at them ladies and gentlemen. It may be some time before we see them again but see them we will! There is no time to waste now. There is only a small window of opportunity when the way is open for us to pass through, hopefully unhindered. That time is now, on this very night. This courageous group are going to start their journey tonight! When I say tonight I mean now. There’s no time for further goodbyes, no time for any more words from me. The task in upon us now. Our pathfinder will guide us through the difficult first part of the journey. You must steal yourselves to the task at hand and prepare to step into the greatest adventure of all!”
This was met by more thunderous applause and with that Mr Easterly was ushered off stage by a gaggle of nameless helpers. As Johan walked off the stage he frantically waved his arms in my direction, signaling that I’d better get myself over to him and be sharp about it. I didn’t really have any time to think about what I’d just seen or what on earth was really going on but I didn’t fancy getting on the wrong side of Johan so I climbed back up on the stage and wandered through one of the exits to where the happy campers were all milling around, awaiting further instructions. Johan pounced on me from the shadows and pushed me into a very small room which by the smell of it was actually a cleaner’s cupboard. It was rather unsettling being in such a confined space with Johan. He gave off a weird kind of energy that made the air a bit sticky and I was sure I saw the bristles of a brush start to vibrate, ever so slightly. 
“You need to help me out here,” said Johan, rather breathlessly.
“You seem to be doing alright by yourself. I didn’t realise that you and Mr E had become so close,” I said.
“There’s nothing dodgy about it. He’s asked me to help him out and I’ve agreed,” said Johan.
“I see,” I said, still not understanding.
“No, I don’t think you do. Anyway I don’t have time to go into it all now. I just need you to do me a simple favour.”
He looked at me as if he was about to ask me to donate a rather important organ that he needed for his own survival. 
“I’m all ears,” I said. “Though I’ve only got the two of them and I need them both,” I added quickly. 
Johan looked momentarily puzzled before saying, “I need the keys to the Hanover Street site and I need them now.” 
“Hanover Street? Keys? What on earth do you want them for?” I asked.
“Look, we haven’t got much time here. Don’t you realise what’s going on here?” he asked.
“No I haven’t the foggiest. I’ve been here all day and I have absolutely no idea what’s going on. They lost me at ‘hello’.”
He looked at me with a strange mix of pity and brotherly love. Unsettling, yes. I felt like a leper. A leper stuck in a cupboard with Jesus of Nazareth. 
“Things are happening,” said Johan. “Big things. The kind of things that only come along every thousand years or so. The kind of things that start of small, seemingly insignificant, but are actually the beginning of something that turns everything on its head and nothing is ever the same again.”
“I thought it was bad enough being in a confined space with you. Now you’re really starting to freak me out. What exactly are we talking about her? Dinosaurs? Asteroids? Atomic power? What?”
“No, none of that. It’s something far more personal than that. Something that’s already in all of us. That’s what makes it so powerful. That’s what makes it so divine,” said Johan.
“He’s really go to you, hasn’t he?” I asked. “Come on Johan, how much is he paying you? I know you. There’s always something in it for you, isn’t there?”
“It’s not like that this time. There’s no money involved, no payment, not like that anyway,” said Johan.
“No money? So what is he offering you then? You’re not the kind of guy to do something for nothing are you?”
“Not usually. You’re right there. You’ll probably not believe me but I’ll tell you anyway,” he said.
I looked at him with trepidation. I had no idea was about to come blundering out of the closet.
“It’s really simple,” said Johan. “I’ve seen the light!”
If I’d been on a horse I’d have fallen right off it.
“Oh come on,” I snorted. “You’ve got to be kidding me. What light are we talking about here?”
“I was like you once. Not all that long ago too. You know what, things change. Once you realise that there are things bigger than you are, bigger than you’ll ever be, even if you put all your efforts, all your brain power, all you strength and energy into it. Once you accept that then you can start to let some light into your life,” said Johan.
“He’s got you hooked on drugs, hasn’t you?” I asked.
“Who?” said Johan.
“Mr E that’s who. I knew the moment I first laid eyes on him. There’s something of the night skies about that one,” I said.
“Exactly! You see, you’ve recognised it too. There is something about him, something wonderful,” said Johan.
“I don’t believe this. It’s worse than I thought. He’s got you hooked on something that leaves you all loved up in the presence of older guys with wrinkly neck skin.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, I’ve come to this myself.”
“He’s persuaded you though, hasn’t he?”
“He’s helped me.”
“Helped you?”
“To make sense of things. Helped me to see my true purpose.”
“What’s that got to do with the keys to Hanover Street?”
“That’s where we’re going,” he said with the utmost seriousness.
“When you say we?”
“All of us that were up on the stage.”
“Including Mr E?”
“No, he’s preparing the next stage.”
“No surprise there then. What are you going to do when you get to Hanover Street?”
“That’s where our journey really starts.”
“Journey to where?”
“To the next world,” said Johan.
I was shaking my head so hard that the sides of my brain were going numb as they bashed about off the inside of my skull. I was just about to open my mouth when the door to the cupboard was yanked open and in loomed the being also known as Mr Easterly.
He looked at me. He looked at Johan. He ignored me. “We should be going now,” he said to Johan.
“The others are all ready to move out. We’re waiting for you,” he added.
“I’ll be with you in a moment. I just have to say my farewell to my friend and band mate here first,” said Johan.
Mr Easterly looked at me and almost managed to raise a smile. I got the feeling that if I proved to be a barrier to the timely progress of tonight’s main event then I’d end up being crushed like a crunchy beetle under a steam roller.
“Take a moment. I’ll be right outside,” said Mr Easterly. With that he closed the cupboard door, leaving a gap where I could see him standing guard. I looked at Johan who now had the air of someone waiting to be led out and shot. He held his hands up in a what am I supposed to do gesture.
“You told him you could get them all into the Hanover Street compound?” I whispered.
“In as many words, yes,” whispered Johan back.
“Why?” 
“He said it was one of the last pieces of the puzzle.” He looked around the gloomy cupboard forlornly like lost kid who’s just realised he can’t see his parent anywhere. I thought he was going to burst into tears. He looked at me and gave it his best shot. 
“Look are you going to help me or not? If you’re not then I’ll just have to think of something else. It’s not like it’s the money vault of the Bank of Scotland, is it? There will be a way in, keys or not I just thought, seeing as you’re at least partially involved in all of this anyway and you just happen to have easy access to the keys in question that you’d want to help out your friend and band-mate who’s got himself into a rather tight spot,” he said.
 “If I don’t then what are you going to do? Dress up as monkeys and scale the fence?” I said.
Johan looked at his feet before saying, “It’s not a bad idea you know.”
“Well, you’ve got form on that one. Remember how that ended though, not so great was it?”
“I’m going to have to go. Can you help or not?” asked Johan.
“I don’t just wander about carrying keys to every site fence the city you know,” I said.
“I get it but you do know where they are don’t you?” asked Johan.
“I do.”
“How long would it take you to get them and get over to Hanover Street with them?” 
“I don’t know, a taxi ride to the office, a bit of casual pick pocketing, a taxi over to Hanover Street, say forty five minutes if all went smoothly.”
“Perfect!” said Johan.
“I’m not doing it,” I said.
“You are,” said Johan.
“You are and I’ll be eternally grateful,” he said. 
Chapter 42: Stop Thief!
I don’t know exactly what came over me. Tiredness, it could have been. Johan had ground me down. He was an expert at that. He could grind down with the best of them until he got his own way, no matter how crazy the idea. Or maybe I felt sorry for him and I wanted to help him dig himself out of the hole he’d jumped into with Mr Easterly. He’d bare faced lied to him. Or perhaps it wasn’t such a lie after all. Maybe Johan knew that he’d be able to persuade me to get the keys and by leaving it until this point he’d managed to produce maximum leverage. Whatever it was, it wasn’t long before I found myself in a taxi heading across the city to the council offices where I knew there was a copy of the site keys kept. The only problem was that they were on a key ring along with about a hundred other keys and that key ring was kept in a rather deep jacket pocket: Ivor’s. 
It was near midnight when I walked into the office. There were lights on in the roads department room so I knew there was someone around. As I walked in I couldn’t see a soul but I did see Ivor’s jacket. It was draped over the back of his desk chair. From a distance it looked like it was floating mid-air like some unlucky ghost caught in a psychic rain storm. There was no other sign of Ivor but as I approached his desk I saw that his big, never to be taken out of the office, notebook was lying on open on the desk. I knew from this that he couldn’t be far away. The fact that this prize artefact has been left unguarded was a definite lapse in the usually water tight Ivor security system so he must have really been bursting. I walked up to the desk and has a nosey at the book. I’d never see the actual content before. Just as I had thought, there were columns of figures, some references to site plans and times neatly printed in the margins. Each page was numbered and the site name and reference were written in the footer. There were a few sketches of cross sections of bits of a road cutting or a culvert or the plan of the foundation of a bridge column or drainage trench. All dull as dishwater to the casual reader but just the sort of thing the Ivor obsessed over. I suppose that an unhealthily close interest in how things work is an admirable trait in an engineer. If they weren’t like that there would probably be more things falling down or catching fire or getting stuck where they shouldn’t. I was sure that if I ever did see the inside of Ivor’s house then the walls would be covered in posters of famous pipelines and rail tracks. There would be racy shots of Roman roads and calendars revealing the shapely curves of some high tensile bolts or the like. Personally, I just couldn’t see the fascination. Not everyone likes the same stuff though. That’s what keeps life interesting. After all, if everyone wanted to play the bass guitar then there would be less room at the top for the likes of me. As long as people weren’t bothering anyone too much or resorting to brain-washing to get their own way then that was good enough for me to be getting on with. I flicked through the pages and just as I was beginning to remember why I was really there something caught my eye. On one page there was a drawing. Not of some element of construction, not a doodle of some piece of machinery. I recognised it though my memory of seeing it was hazy to say the least. It was a sketch of a long room with pillars at one end and steps leading up to a raised platform which looked something like an altar. In the centre was a figure. The sketch was painstakingly detailed. I could make out the eyes and nose on the face of the figure. When I saw that I remembered clearly where I’d seen it. On the day that Ivor and I had descended the Hanover Street hole. It was an outline of the giant monkeys head. Ivor had seen it too. So much so that he’d remembered the details of it and sketched it out in his big notebook. I stopped to try to think. My mind was struggling to keep up with what my eyes were seeing. I heard the flushing of a toilet and the shuffling of feet. I closed the book with an echoing thump and fumbled my shaking hands into the side pockets of Ivor’s jacket. Something warm and furry greeted my probing fingers. I really hoped that it was the not so lucky rabbit’s foot and not the remains of Ivor’s latest pet rodent. I could hear the door to the loo creak open. I didn’t have long. I felt the big bunch of keys and yanked them out, staring at them dangling there like some strange, shimmering creature I’d just pulled from the deep. There were keys of all shapes and sizes, I was never going to find Hanover’s keys in time. I knew what they looked like, I’d seen them enough times. There was a long gold key for the site compound and a stubby silver one for the site office portacabin. My fingers took on a life of their own. I don’t know what came over them. It was like they’d been possessed by the spirit of the artful dodger or Harry Houdini or another one of those key fiddling types. They managed to free three keys in less time than it would have taken for Ivor to shout “Stop thief!” I looked down at them, resting there in the palms of my hands. “Three keys?” Of course, the third one, a thin copper Yale key that looked like it would open a padlock. I slipped the trio into my pocket and turned round to find Ivor striding across the room towards me looking not an inch less than seriously suspicious. Nothing new there.
“I can’t believe that you’ve volunteered to do an extra night-shift,” said Ivor.
“No, volunteering is not my style. Especially in the middle of the night. I need my beauty sleep,” I said.
“You’re not wrong there. You certainly don’t looked dressed for scrambling around in the mud, in the dark,” said Ivor, eyeing up my leather boots and tie-dyed orange t-shirt.
“I’m just on my way home from a gig if you must know. I left something in the office the other day and I thought I’d pick it up on the way,” I said. I hadn’t even convinced myself of that story. Surprisingly, Ivor did say anything. He just stood there, sinking under the weight of his suspicions like a lead gnome in a wishing well. 
“What is it that’s so important to pick up that it can’t wait until the sun comes up?” asked Ivor.
As it quite often did at the crucial moment, my mind let me down and instead of supplying a snappy and convincing answer, delivered straight to the tip of my tongue ready to be spat out it just gave me a completely blank wall with no words written on it. The intense glare of the Ivor x-ray beam wasn’t helping matters. So, I said the first thing that came into my head. 
“Keys. Left them here. Need them, you know, to get into my flat. Don’t want to have to break in again. It’s a bit high up for that. Anyway, it upsets the neighbours if they poke their head out of their top floor windows to see some shadowy figure prising an opening with a crowbar. Makes them jumpy. That’s not what you want to be when you’re hanging out of a very high window,” I rambled.
Ivor didn’t reply. The simply took a step sideways, blocking my exit.
“Where was this gig of yours?” he asked.
“Over at the Travellers Theatre,” I said.
“The Travellers? That’s a bit on the big side for a man of your talents, isn’t it?” he said.
“Thanks. It was a private event. We were just one of the acts, for want of a better word,” I said.
“So you’re an act now, well, that sounds about right. Do you get paid for it?” he asked.
“Usually,” I said.
“I see. So money has changed hands?”
“There’s nothing dodgy going on,” I said.
“Oh, I’m sure you’re right. I’m sure you know what you’re doing,” said Ivor, stepping aside.
“I’ve got a taxi waiting. He’ll be charging me a fortune if I don’t get going,” I said.
“Don’t let me stop you then,” said Ivor.
“Alright, I’ll see you soon then,” I said.
“You never know,” said Ivor, a strange mischievous light sparkling across his eyes. 
Chapter 43: Avalanche
That was close.  I knew it wouldn’t be long before Ivor had ran a full inventory of his jacket pockets. He’d spot the keys eventually but on the plus side there was an awful lot of stuff to check through. I mean, why would I want to steal the keys to the Hanover Street site? I had to go there enough as it was and after all the things that had happened there surely it was the last place I’d want to go in my own time? It was. Johan, however, was on an altogether different mission.
Johan came bounding up to the taxi as soon as we pulled up. He was wired, I could tell. If there had been a basketball hoop nearby he’d have leapt up and slam dunked himself. 
“I knew you wouldn’t let me down,” he gasped, pawing at me like he was a St. Bernard and I’d just popped my head out of an avalanche. 
“We need to be careful here,” I said. “I can’t just open the gates and wave you all in you know. There are people already working there. It’s supposed to be a secure site. They might just notice you and your happy campers wandering in singing hi-ho.”
“That’s alright,” said Johan. “We’ve got a plan for that.”
“A plan,” I groaned. “I know all about your type of plans. What is it this time? Are you going to all dress up as boulders? Are you going to sneak in on each other’s shoulders and try and pass yourselves off as a pile of rocks?”
“No, that wouldn’t work. We wouldn’t be able to see where we’re going for one thing. I have learnt something from past experiences you know,” said Johan.
“What then?” I asked.
“Never you mind. It’s probably best you don’t know all the gruesome details,” said Johan.
“Gruesome. I do hope you’re kidding. You’re not planning on kidnapping someone or something are you?”
“No. We don’t have time for that kind of thing tonight. Not a bad suggestion though but I think we’ve enough to be getting on with and seeing as you’ve got the keys there’s no need for us to break in,” said Johan.
“What are you going to do once you’re in there?” I had to ask.
“We’re going on a wee trip. Didn’t I already mention that?” said Johan.
“There’s nothing in there except what’s left of the street and a dirty big hole,” I said.
“One man’s dirty big hole, another man’s gateway to adventure,” he said.
“You’re not serious. There’s nothing down there except more and more hole,” I said.
“That my friend is where I think you’ve been misinformed,” said Johan.
“I’m not the one that’s been misinformed. I’ve been down there. When it comes to this particular hole I actually know what I’m talking about,” I said.
“You’ve been down there but you’re not looking for the same thing we’re looking for. That’s why you didn’t find it,” said Johan.
“It’s just a hole. If you try and take all your crew down there someone will end up getting hurt, or worse. It’s anything but safe. You’d be as well scaling the castle rock and jumping off,” I said.
“We know what we’re doing. This hasn’t just been thrown together on the spur of the moment. These guys have been preparing for this for a long time,” said Johan.
“Half of your guys don’t look like they’d get to the corner shop without their mum as a chaperone,” I said.
“You’d be surprised. They’re hardier than they look. They’ll need to be too,” said Johan.
“Are you expecting me to wait around for you? You know I’ll get fired if they think I’ve been involved in letting you in,” I said.
“No need to wait. Just let us in and lock up behind us if you need to. We will need you to come in with us though. We’ll need you to show us where the entrance to the shaft is and get us in there. Once we’re in there you can make your exit, no need to wait for us,” said Johan.
“How are you going to get back up if I’ve locked the shaft behind you Einstein?” I asked.
“We’re not planning coming back. Not anytime soon anyway,” said Johan.
“Brilliant. Just brilliant. I suppose when you all get stuck down there and the poor guys that have to go in after you and pull you out start asking awkward questions like how did you manage to get down there through a locked gate? You’re all just going to shrug your shoulders and keep schtum,” I said.
“You’ve got my word. That’s not going to happen but if it did then no-one is going to drop you in it. We’ll just say we climbed over the fence and got into the shaft ourselves. We were going to have to do that anyway, had you not delivered the keys,” said Johan.
“Now you tell me. I could have been tucked up in bed by now instead of standing here talking to a brick wall,” I said.
Johan stepped towards me, put his hand on my shoulder and looked deep into my eyes.
“I won’t forget this,” he said. “You’ve always been a good friend to me. I know I’ve tested that to the limits on occasion but I want you to know I appreciate what you’ve done in the past and what you’re doing now. One day I hope you’ll understand. You’ve played a key part in everything that’s happened and probably what’s to come too. Now, time’s short. We need to go.”
It was no use. I knew fine well that if Johan wanted to get into the site and climb down the shaft into the hole then that’s exactly what he was going to do. It didn’t matter what I said. It wasn’t up for debate, no matter how stupid an idea it was. Off he strode and I had to run to keep up, like some short legged lap dog chasing after its owner. He had his crew all lined up like a chorus line along the fence near the gate. I had a really bad feeling about this. Most of those eager young faces were going to end up at the bottom of the hole and although I was damned sure I wasn’t going to take full responsibility for it then my hands were certainly dirty. It wouldn’t take a Sherlock to pull my name out of the hat if it really did all go pear-shaped. 
I shook my head and muttered, this isn’t going to end well, as I jabbed the key in the padlock and ushered them through the gate. Johan just smiled as they filed their way in. He motioned to them to keep low and keep quiet. “Don’t worry,” he said to me. “Your bit’s almost done, for now,” he added with a wink. “Get us to the hole and we’ll do the rest,” he said. I could see there was hardly anyone around on the site. It was probably tea break time and they’d all be holed up in the huts, chowing down like it was midday instead of midnight, oblivious to the squad of unarmed Ninjas creeping about outside. It was typical Johan, he was going to get all the way in unnoticed before something went horribly off plan. There was no stopping him now. He’d ran most of the way up to the hole and was now crouching low like he was making his way towards a whirling helicopter. His band of merry men and women were right behind him.
As it turned out I needn’t have bothered. The gate to the hole had been left unlocked anyway. Somebody was either already down there or, more likely, hadn’t remembered to lock the door on the way out. Johan stood and stared at the entrance to the hole. His fellow travellers were lined up expectantly behind him, waiting for the signal to charge off into the great beyond. There seemed to be a faint buzzing sound coming from them, perhaps they were all just battery operated robots. It sounded like they’d been wired to the mains through a faulty plug, they crackled and hummed and at any moment there might just be a flash-bang-wallop and a puff of smoke. 
I knew what was down there. At least I thought I did. I didn’t think they’d be such eager-beavers when they found themselves groping around in complete darkness, gasping for air with the creeping realisation that their brilliant quest may not have been such a great idea after all.
Johan pulled open the hatch and then looked back over his shoulder. He fixed his eyes on me for a moment, bowing his head ever so slowly, before signaling to his line of followers to tag along behind him. He stepped into the dark mouth of the pit. It swallowed him whole.
One by one they followed him in there. There were no last minute refusals, no first night nerves, or gasping panic attacks and not one of them said the words “sod this, I’m off” before leaving the scene. Within a couple of minutes they had all stepped willingly into the abyss, the last one down had even closed the hatch. 
I looked around the site but nothing was moving. All the so called workers were still dragging out their tea-break. They’d be in there until seven in the morning if they could get away with it. Old Lachlan must be getting soft in his fathomless dotage. An image of Old Lachlan, sitting happily in a cosy front room, warming his toes in front of a crackling coal fire floated into my head. I was just wondering what he’d done with his shiny boots when they materialised in front of my eyes. A voice came from their direction, it said, “and what do you think you’re up to, lurking about the shadows, like a lost vampire?”
“I was just tying my shoe laces,” I lied. “I was supposed to be on tonight but I got held up before my shift so am running a bit behind. Have you seen Ivor?” 
“No I haven’t,” said Old Lachlan, rather annoyed.
The next thing I knew we were getting buzzed by that blasted XYZ new helicopter. I wondered what they might have seen. “I don’t know,” said Old Lachlan, “it’s like Vietnam down here some nights with all those whirly birds snooping around up there. Next thing you know they’ll be calling in the planes and napalming Princes Street. What as site that would be, all those shoes, all that tartan, whoosh,” he said, looking up towards the sound of the helicopter. “As for Ivor, I haven’t seen him here tonight. I don’t think he’s due so I’m not sure why you think he is. Though we could do with someone with a bit of sense on site. I suppose you heard about earlier on then, have you?” he said. 
“No, why what’s been happening?” I asked.
“There’s been movements. Grumblings under the ground. Something’s moving and it’s not happy,” said Old Lachlan.
“When was this?” I asked.
“Earlier on tonight but there’s been movements all week. It had been quiet for ages but whatever’s causing them seems to have woken up again. If I didn’t know better I’d say it was like it’s wanting to give birth,” he said.
“I hope not. What kind of baby would pop out of that?” I said, looking nervously towards the gaping void.
 “I wouldn’t like to say,” said Old Lachlan. “It’s been grumbling and gurgling and then it’ll calm down a bit but you just know that’s not the end of it. Tonight, well I could feel something was coming. I could sense it. I could smell it in the air. It didn’t last so long this time but it was a big one all the same. That damned whirly thing was moaning overhead, keeping us all awake. They would have got a good view of what was happening if they were pointing their camera in the right direction.”
“Did the ground move?” I asked.
“It must have done. It was further down this time though. As far as I know there wasn’t much damage top-side. There was a ripple through the whole site, like a buckle, lasted no more than a few seconds. Like a wobble on your television screen, if you blinked too long you’d have missed it. We did a site inspection afterwards but everyone and everything was accounted for,” said Old Lachlan.
“Was there anyone in the hole when it happened?” I asked.
“No, certainly not. It’s a long way from safe down there now, especially when the ground is churning like a vat of quicksand. Best to let things settle down before we get too far in there. We’ll do an inspection of the shaft when we think it’s safe. With a bit of luck one of these tremors will fill the whole lot back in and then we’ll not be so tempted to climb into it and get someone trapped down there. That’s what’s going to happen you know, the longer this goes on,” said Old Lachlan. He looked at me earnestly.
“I know,” I said. “It’s only a matter of time.”
I looked at Old Lachlan and he looked straight back at me. There was something different about him, something I couldn’t quite put my finger on at the time. He didn’t look any younger, not exactly, but there was something of a spring in his step, a glint in his eye. He certainly wasn’t any taller either. No, he was still pocket sized at best and short pockets at that. Then there were his boots. They were buffed up and shining, uncannily spotless for a pair of boots that lived and breathed on the ends of legs that spent their days traipsing up and down muddy sites.
“There’s something different about you,” I said.
Old Lachlan nodded his head in surprised acknowledgement but never opened his mouth to confirm anything one way or the other. 
“Have you come into some money?” I asked.
“No, not exactly,” said Old Lachlan.
“Is there a new woman in your life,” I winked.
“Ha! I’m far too long in the tooth for that kind of thing,” said Old Lachlan.
“You’d be surprised, some women like long teeth,” I said.
“You’ll be telling me you’re never too old next. That’s the kind of thing you youngsters try to peddle these days. I may well be old but it takes a long time before wisdom wipes off,” said Old Lachlan.
“I’ll take your word on that,” I said.
“You’ll need to,” said Old Lachlan.
“So what is it then? Did you have an extra good packed lunch?” I asked.
He curled his top lip at that, giving me a tantalising glimpse of some rather long teeth. Just how old was Old Lachlan?
“I know what it is,” I said, a light bulb going off in my mind. “You’ve got a new pair of boots, that’s it isn’t it?” I asked.
“I don’t need new boots. I take good care of the ones I have,” said Old Lachlan.
“Well?”
“It’s not something you’ll understand and anyway, it’s got nothing to do with you,” said Old Lachlan.
“Alright then, Mr Mysterious. I’ll put it down to a new woman in your life. I like that idea even if you don’t. Or is it a man? I tell you what, we’ll say no more about it will we, Mum’s the word and all that,” I said, tapping my nose and winking.
Old Lachlan looked at me and walked over so he was standing face to face with me. Well, as face to face as you could be with someone of his diminutive stature. I actually had a good view of the top of his head. It was yellow in colour and covered in hard ridged plastic. Safety first. 
“Well if you must know I’ll tell you. Only because I know you’ve been down there too and we’ve all seen things that area difficult to explain,” said Old Lachlan.
I began to wonder what on earth he was going to say next. It was most unusual for Old Lachlan to open up like this. He was much more of the strong silent type, kind of like Ivor, but not quite as odd. He looked around, over his shoulders, behind him, over my shoulders. He even squinted up into the sky, just in case a silent microphone was hanging there, ready to record the terrible secret he was sure to be about to impart. 
“You know what I’m talking about, don’t you?” asked Old Lachlan. I had no idea what he was talking about. “No, I don’t think I do,” I said. 
“I don’t know if you do know that you don’t know, do you?” asked Old Lachlan, rather confusingly.
I just looked at him, trying to work out if it was my turn to say something, it wasn’t.
“I know that you and Ivor saw something down there,” he said, nodding towards the hole.
“I don’t really remember what we saw,” I said. “The last thing I do remember was the sound of the whole place coming tumbling down. For all I know we were being served beers by Beelzebub at the Boiling Bar Below, why?” I asked.
“I was on my way back up, you’ll remember that, don’t you?” he asked.
I did remember. He’d appeared out of the blackness like a phantom, scared the wind out me. 
“Well, that’s what’s changed,” he said. 
We looked at each other. I digested what he’d just told me. I opened my mouth and that’s when the ground beneath our feet buckled, wrenching apart with an awful rip, sending the two of us flying off into the air with not so much as a please fasten your seatbelts warning. We rocketed sideways and landed in a heap, quite literally, a heap of smooth gravel which was probably being lined up to line a drainage trench if they ever got back round to finding those missing pipes. 
“Are you alright?” I said in Old Lachlan’s direction. He was. Or I thought he was. He was sitting up already, looking straight past me, his mouth frozen in the shape of a capital O. I looked back over my shoulder just in time to see the entire street drop around fifty feet, pause for a moment, then disappear completely. 
For some reason my first thought was, “Ivor’s going to kill me.” I shook that one off and replaced it with my second which was simply one word: Johan.
There was a weird passage of calm and tranquillity after the street had sunk out of sight. It was like someone had hit the pause button on the world channel and the scene was being held for a few tantalising moments, just waiting until the viewer returned to the room with that cup of tea in their hand and they plonked themselves back down on the sofa and jabbed the play button and off we go again. During that peaceful oasis the dust kicked up by the disappearing street hung in the air like a blanket, hovering a few feet above where the ground had been, then started to sway lazily from side to side like a drunken waltz before setting off into swirling funnels of dust genies before disappearing as the wind dropped away completely. The site lights had remained on throughout and it wasn’t long before the tea-hut door was cautiously cracked open and out ventured various labourers are plant drivers, emerging like bear cubs from a darkened cave after a long, deep winter. 
There were murmurs of disbelief as they filed out, some heading to the edge of the newly expanded hole to peer down into the depths, some rather more insistent types had pulled on jackets and were heading toward the site exit. 
“Where do you think you’re going,” barked Old Lachlan as a gaggle of bodies marched past. 
“We’ve had enough,” said their unelected spokesman, a gangly man with a triangular nose and a pencil thin moustache. “It’s just not safe. You’ll be right behind us if you’ve got any sense left,” he added. Usually, that sort of back chat would have been shouted down by Old Lachlan but this time he just stared at them as they kept on walking and disappeared through the gate and into the night. 
The bottom had dropped out the world, quite literally if you’re world happened to be Hanover Street. It took until dawn for the dust to settle properly. Only then, when the faint light of the sunrise had washed its way over the rooftops could those of us that were there see the full extent of the latest subterranean judder.
It looked perfectly symmetrical. An even rectangular block that had been pulled from below into an unseen world where once the street had been. I wandered up the edge and peered into the depths. The edge of the hole now showed the layers of the road, dark stripes of soil and sand, rocks and gravels, all smoothed out like they had been cut away with some giant soil-saw. I couldn’t see the bottom. The dust was still swirling about down there like the steam off some awful bubbling cauldron. I could see that it had now dropped way below to levels it had been at before. On one side, near where the shaft had been I could make out the broken remnants of the ladders. What had once been the top ladder was hanging there as if it was floating. I just couldn’t see how it hadn’t gone into the pit. Further down another ladder had been sheared away completely just below the top two rungs. 
Ivor, who’d manage to miss the main event but had turned up for the after party, was standing next to me. He stared into the hole with a look of terrible affront on his forehead. I thought he was going to spout forth with some doom laden proclamation but what he actually said was, “I don’t know what you’re up to but I think you should return what you took.” He didn’t look at me as he spoke. I’d been rumbled, I’d known it wouldn’t take him long. I’d been just about to protest my innocence but quickly realised that there was absolutely no point. Lying about the situation was only going to get me in even deeper and I was right up to my ears as it was. I fished the key out of my pocket and handed it back to him without a word. I braced myself for the coming Ivor-tirade about breaking into the not to be touched jacket  and what on earth did I think I was doing and what did I want with the key anyway and all that kind of thing but all I got was a narrow eyed look and a disgruntled whuff. 
“I just hope no-one was down there when this happened,” said Ivor. 
“None of my men are down there,” said Old Lachlan. “They are all accounted for,” he added.
“Well, that’s something at least,” said Ivor. “What have you got to say about it?” asked Ivor.
I stared into the black, my mouth was dry,my stomach was clenched into a guilty fist. There was no sight or sound of anyone from Johan’s party. I’d counted them all in but not one had come back out. They may not have even got to the top of the shaft if I’d not let them in the gate with the key. I knew it wasn’t all my fault but that didn’t thinking about them and their eager faces going off into the hole before the bottom dropped out of it. 
“I don’t have anything to say,” I replied to Ivor. 
“You didn’t see anyone heading down there then?” he asked.
“When?” I didn’t like this line of questioning from the old so and so.
“You were here weren’t you? If anyone had been hanging around that shouldn’t have been then you’d have probably seen them, wouldn’t you?” he asked.
“I suppose so but …” 
It was no use. Ivor knew I’d nicked his keys to the site. He knew that the only reason I’d want the keys to the place was if I wanted to unlock something. Why would I want to unlock anything here unless it was to let someone else in? There was no sign of anyone else now so either they’d come and gone before the place had sunk or they had disappeared along with the street. I couldn’t tell him. It was probably going to all come out anyway but be that as it may I didn’t fancy trying to explain it all to the two old grumps. Telling them would make it real. Making it real would spark a panic and some sort of half-baked rescue attempt. That sort of thing was going to be a right carry on and I for one knew that there was next to no chance of anything coming out of that hole alive. Getting more and more people involved wasn’t going to change that, it was only going to put more people in danger. There was no way anyone could have survived that drop. Their only hope was if they’d managed to get out of the main shaft and off into one of the side passages before it happened. They would have had to have got down those ladders at some rate of descent in order to do that. I knew it was unlikely. What was more likely was that Johan and all of his sorry crew had dropped out of this world and into the next. It would have been a long dark plunge into nothingness. Their fall’s would only have been broken at the same time as their bones, the same time as their racing brains spilled out of their shattered skulls and mixed with the dark soil of the bottom of the hole. And what of Johan? If that was his fate then what had his final thoughts been? I could only guess at them but I was pretty sure it would have involved monkeys. 
Chapter 44: Miniature People
I didn’t get away with it for long. That damned XYZ helicopter had caught the whole thing on film. They’d recorded a blurry line of figures lined up at the entrance to the shaft. Those odd shapes were rendered luminous in the camera night vision. You could make them out though, waiting for Johan’s signal before they stepped through to the other side and out of sight of prying camera eyes.
I saw the footage myself. They looked like miniature people, a line-up of garden gnomes, freshly dipped in glow in the dark paint, all of them dancing to the tune of piper Johan. Thankfully for me none of the individual figures were identifiable. The footage showed them disappearing into the hole and then a rather skewed shot of the street dropping out of sight. 
“The status of those unfortunate individuals is now officially missing. The awful truth, surely, is that no one that went into that access shaft could have survived the collapse of the remainder of Hanover Street. The question remains, however, just who were they and what were they doing breaking into such a place in the middle of the night?
As expected the site was soon crowded with rescue types and once again overrun by the world’s media. The fire and rescue crews were lowered down in to the hole on a mobile platform they’d managed to set up without wrecking what was left of the surrounding streets. They didn’t find much. They didn’t find anything. It appeared that there was nothing to find. 
The Daily Target had managed to find a link between the group of luminous figures and the Foundation. Exactly how they’d done that I still don’t know but the dark tendrils of local news reach out into many weird pies. I reckon some disgruntled Foundationer must have made the tip off. Perhaps it was one of the wet behind the ears type that was fuming at not being picked for the first wave. I bet they were glad they weren’t now. Still, once that particular ball was rolling down the hill there was no stopping it, until it smashed into something rather solid. At least the Daily Target hadn’t gone for any sensationalist style headlines. They’d kept it low key, dignified, in keeping with their high-brow approach.
“SENT TO THEIR DOOM!” read the front page headline. “CRANK CHURCH’S PRANK TOO FAR,” began the article. There followed a cobbled together biography of the Foundation, saying that they were a shadowy, sinister cult led by the mysterious figure known as Mr Easterly whose real name was Dwight Oakley, a former used car salesman from Christiansburg, Virginia. It went on to say that the Foundation preyed on vulnerable young people, many with social problems, enticing them into their ways with stories of elaborate festivals and free travel, for a hefty membership fee. Once fully engaged, the article said, the followers were encouraged to adopt the Foundation’s beliefs which included following their own holy book, known simply as The Book of S.
Mr Easterly wasn’t going to like that. Someone had spilled some of the beans that weren’t supposed to be spilled. Who knows what would spring from them once they took root. A day later I got a phone call from Ruby Lovegrove. That girl could smell a story at a hundred miles and the truth of the matter was that this story was reeking. 
“How did you manage to get my number?” I asked. 
“You’re not all that hard to track down you know. You do play in a semi-famous band for one thing,” she said, rather primly. 
That wasn’t going to help her squeeze any tasty juice out of me. I preferred to be pampered into secreting my secrets.
“I’m looking for a couple of quotes,” she said. “I know your band played at the Foundation event on the night that they all ended up disappearing into Hanover Street. I just want to know how you got in so deep with the Foundation?”
I didn’t like the way this was going and I hadn’t even said anything yet. I was tempted just to say nothing, keep the cards close to the chest, and button the lip. I knew that wasn’t going to work. If I didn’t say anything she’d just make something up and say it came from a source close to the band. 
“They took a shine to us. They liked the music,” I said.
“I find that a bit far-fetched,” said Ruby with a faintly disguised scoff.
“We’re not all music snobs you know. Some of us think Julian’s Spear are rubbish,” I said.
“You’re probably a bit biased on that one, seeing as you are a part of the band. The Spear are the next big thing, didn’t you know? Anyway, how did you meet the Foundation?” she asked
“They came to one of our gigs and introduced themselves. Like I said they liked our music and they said they were setting something up in the city and they’d like it if we’d be involved. So, we ended up playing at some of their events and, yes, we were playing on the night in question. Now look, I’m not really wanting to say any more than that, there’s not much more to tell anyway,” I said.
“What happened at the Foundation event? There are reports of tribal ceremonies and sacrificing of live animals on stage. Would you like to comment?” she asked.
“That’s nonsense. There were no animals on stage and if there were then I didn’t see anything getting sacrificed. All I saw were a lot of people enjoying themselves in their own way. It’s not really my thing to be honest but they didn’t seem to be doing anyone any harm and they were nothing but nice to us,” I said.
“Are you denying the reports of animal sacrifices,” she asked.
“Yes, that’s rubbish. I mean, I wasn’t there absolutely all of the time but it’s not the sort of thing you can do on the quiet, is it?” I said.
“I wouldn’t know. Did you meet this Mr Easterly?” she asked.
“Yes, he was the main man,” I said.
“How would you describe him?” she asked.
I paused for thought. I knew I shouldn’t give anything away about Mr Easterly. They probably didn’t have a picture of him or anything. Why should I help her anyway? She’d done nothing but slag us off and now she wanted me to help her out with her story but what was she going to give in return?
“I never saw him in person. He kept a pretty low profile, got his helpers to do most of the face to face,” I said.  
“So you didn’t meet him then?” she asked.
“No, I did but, well not really,” I stumbled.
“You either did or you didn’t?” she said.
“No further comment,” I said.
“I see, another gagging order, not surprising really,” she said.
“How can I get in contact with your singer, what’s his name, Johan is it?” she asked.
“Johan. I don’t think he’d really want to speak to you?” I said.
“Why not?” she asked.
“You’ve not exactly been complimentary towards us, have you? I can take these things with a pinch of salt but Johan takes any criticism very personally. Not only that but he does have a particularly intense dislike of Julian’s Spear,” I said.
“I’m entitled to my opinion the same as everyone else. I’d like to try to speak to him directly. I’m sure we can clear up any misunderstanding. Can you put me in touch with him?” she asked.
“No I can’t. He doesn’t want to speak to you,” I said.
“It’s just there is a report that your Johan was seen near the Hanover Street works with the Foundation group that are missing. He was recognised by a local resident. Not only that but I’ve been trying to track him down and he’s just not anywhere to be found. It’s as if he’s just disappeared,” she said.
She’d led me into a trap. She knew all along that Johan had gone into the hole and she was just leading me along until I gave her the quotes she was after. All I’d done was to confirm to her that Johan wasn’t around to talk to her or anyone else. He had disappeared, I knew it and so, it seemed, did she.
“Like I said, he doesn’t want to speak to you. I’m sure he can avoid you if he wants to. Now look, I need to be getting on. I hope you’re not going to drop me in it here or use this chance to slag off the band again. I’ve done nothing but help you out you know. I could have just told you to sod off,” I said.
“You could of but then I’d probably have just gone ahead and made something up,” she said.
“Take care of yourself,” I said.
“I will,” she said and hung up without so much as a thanks.
Chapter 45: Monkey Man Missing
I should have known. I should have just hung up when she phoned me or not said a word. Trying to be helpful was going to get me killed at some point. At least the story wasn’t running on page one but page five was bad enough and where did they get that photo of Johan from? MONKEY MAN MISSING, read the headline above a photo of an on stage Johan where he did actually resemble something that may well have lived in a tree. He had mad skittery eyes and hair plastered all over his face, his mouth open in a primal wail. The article went on to say that ‘troubled singer with no hopers rock band’ had fallen ‘under the spell of the charismatic leader of the Foundation cult’ and had joined the ill-fated group that had last been seen entering the shaft at the Hanover Street works. It said that that Johan had been well known in the local music scene having been around for a number of years without tasting any level of success. Talk about sticking the boot in, I’d thought. Still, she had her story and Johan had got his face in the papers at last. He’d be happy about that, if he ever saw the light of day again.
Chapter 46: Slip quietly
The Foundation managed to slip quietly out of view. Mr Easterly was photographed boarding a private jet at Edinburgh airport, destination unknown. Perhaps he’d forgotten about his recruits already. He certainly wasn’t going to locate them at an altitude of thirty thousand feet. Something told me that he must have anticipated this sort of scenario. The caving in of the hole wasn’t something he could have prepared for but just fleeing without even trying to find them, he just didn’t strike me as that type. The press and media stories on the Foundation petered out abruptly. I heard later that the Foundation had a whole department of people whose job it was to manage publicity and they also retained the services of a group of formidable lawyers who were adept at buying silence with the threat of a lengthy and expensive court case for slander and the like. Mr Easterly simply vanished. There was no sign of any of the Foundation followers either. The Foundation had vanished. Johan had vanished. It was as if none of it had really happened. I looked in the mirror sometimes and reached out to see if I was really there or whether I’d vanished too. 
The Hanover Street site was eventually plugged with a reinforced concrete slab. Topsoil was poured over it and grass planted on top. The whole area was surrounded by a low fence iron fence, painted a fresh sea blue. People took to tying flowers to it and leaving notes about the unusual number of pets that went missing in the area. 
Winter’s pushed a small envelope across his desk towards me and motioned that I should open it, which I did. It was a letter saying that they’d not be renewing my contract together with my final pay slip. “Sorry to see you go,” he said. “I’m sure you’ll understand though. Quite a bit of tidying up to do after everything that’s happened. I hope there’s no hard feelings,” he said. I took the envelope and shrugged my shoulders as I left his room. He’d managed to dodge the bullet which was some feat really. Ivor hadn’t been so lucky. They’d put him on an extended gardening leave until they decided what to do with him. I wasn’t sure how he’d take to that but the quiet man had disappeared from view almost as completely as Mr Easterly.
Chapter 47: A bit of gloom
I settled into a new routine. I had a bit of money to tide me over so I wasn’t in any real hurry to leap back onto the wheels of industry. I knew that I’d only end up being crushed under them anyway, like a hamster under a wheel of a steam engine. Scrunch. I’d usually fall out of bed around eight to give Mr Boots a quick sniff around the Grassmarket. Then I usually ended up going back to bed or at least I did that for a while. After a few days I began to find those morning naps ending in unsettling nightmares, if you can have such a thing when it’s during the day. They didn’t follow any logical pattern, not that I could find anyway but usually I’d wake after someone or something had been trying to sink their claws into bits of me that didn’t like being punctured. Either that or I was dropping off something high and falling towards something hard and jaggedy or being trapped somewhere deep below the ground and making a right mess of my hands trying to claw my way out. I needed to look after my hands, you never knew when I’d get the shout to join another band. 
It was around this time that I spotted Mr Boots chewing his way through the day’s pile of junk mail. It was a favourite past time of his and apart from the slavery mess he left it seemed harmless enough and it was probably better for the environment to be internally recycled by him than me stuffing it into the human recycling.  
Something caught my eye in the pile and I rescued it before he could get his tongue around it. I recognised the handwriting straight away. He’d even sealed the envelope with a real wax seal with an odd looking emblem on it that looked a bit like an eye. It felt quite hefty but when I ripped it open there were just two sheets of paper inside. The letter part said simply;
It’s probably time we had a little chat. 
I’ve enclosed a map.  
Be here at 2pm today. 
I have something for you, I.
I looked my watch which read 1:15. I looked at the map. It was painstakingly drawn out, he’d even put a scale on the bottom and detailed an area of the city I’d been to lots of times but I didn’t recognise the destination which he’d marked with a little black ‘x’ with the words, ‘meet here’ printed above it. “Let’s go,” I shouted on Mr Boots. “We might as well go and see what old grumpy lugs has got to say from himself. We might even get a chance to see where the life and soul lives, that’ll be interesting, won’t it?”
Mr Boots didn’t look all that bothered about getting an eyeball at Ivor’s hovel. He was quite happy to get out and about for a bit of sniffing though. The way to a dog’s heart is simple: straight through its nose. 
I didn’t need the map. Or so I thought. I was sure I knew exactly where it was but when I got there I couldn’t see anywhere that looked like it might be Ivor’s. I pulled the map out again. He’d written the street names on it. I was on the right street but I’d gone too far. It didn’t make much sense. He’d drawn a dashed line parallel to Gaurdianswood, where I was, and his ‘x’ was about half way up. True to form, there it was, a path between the houses that I’d walked straight past and never even seen. I walked up the path, Mr Boots charged off in front. It led to the back of the street and an overgrown thicket that I didn’t know existed. There was a wire fence running across, blocking the way to anyone who didn’t fancy getting knee deep in nettles. I didn’t really fancy that myself. Just as I pulled out the map for another look a voice came from inside an overgrown bramble bush. It said, “Well, you’ve managed to get this far then. I knew there was more to you than meets the eye.” 
“Is that you Ivor?” I said. “Have you fallen into that bush or do you actually live in there?” I asked.
“Neither,” he said, materialising from the bush like a geriatric chameleon. 
“You look different,” I said. “Fruitier but still prickly.”
“You’re jokes aren’t any better. Come on then, I’ll show you up to the house. I knew you’d never find it yourself,” said Ivor.
“I blame the map-maker,” I said. “What’s the dashed line supposed to mean?”
“If you don’t know then I’ll not fill your head any more than it is. There’s an awful lot of broken biscuits in there. There can’t be much room left,” he said.
He was probably right, not that I’d admit as much to him. Ivor headed off in the direction of what looked like the gnarliest bit of the thicket. “Are we heading in there? Where is it you live, in a rabbit warren?” I asked. I wasn’t surprised at the lack of response. He just charged on and expected me to follow. Some things hadn’t changed. Some things had though. There had been quite a bit of water under the bridge since I’d spent any real time with Ivor. He knew I’d had something to do with opening up the gate to Hanover and it wouldn’t take a supercomputer to work out that I’d been involved in letting the unfortunate missing’s into the place. He didn’t know why though. I wondered if I knew myself. The thicket made way for a small woods, pine trees standing in circles surrounded by a carpet of their own shed needles. We tramped through these leaving not a footprint behind us. Just as I thought, the place was riddled with rabbit burrows. Mr Boots checked each out in turn, his tail wagging so much I thought he might take off into the air. Ivor was way up ahead now. I saw his silhouette pass through the distant line of trees and disappear like a ghost. 
As I came to the line of trees I saw it for the first time. “I never knew that was here,” I said to Ivor, who was waiting impatiently for us. “Just the way I like it,” he said. “It’s bigger than I imagined Ivor,” I said. He just rolled his eyes and headed towards the house. 
I say house but really castle might have been more accurate. It was certainly a sprawl. Hundreds of years old I’d have said, not that I’m an expert in such things. It had turrets, which was always a give a way. They were popular in the olden days but not so much now. There was a tower at one end which was topped by a steep roof shaped like an enormous pointy hat. There was a flag pole too. Something was fluttering about up there but I didn’t recognise it as any country I knew. The windows were narrow and long and some of them looked like they might not have any glass in them. The stonework was stained a mossy green colour and the whole place looked like it was frozen in time in a photograph taken when cameras needed their own transport. We stepped onto a hard gravel driveway which snaked its way up to a turning circle were a huge wood doorway was tucked inside an arched porch. 
“This is the back,” said Ivor. “The front is a lot grander. There’s no driveway at the front though but there’s a good open view to keep an eye on anyone who’s out for a snoop.”
“Do you get a lot of that?” I asked. “I must have been down this way a hundred times and not realised its here.” 
“It was built with privacy in mind. The original owners valued that very highly,” he said. 
He pulled a comically oversized key out of the long waxy jacket he was sporting, rattled it into the door and pushed it open with a low creaking groan which I wasn’t sure came from him or the hinges.
“Come on then,” he said. “We don’t want to be letting the cold in.”
I did what I was told. Mr Boots looked up at the door, then at me, then back at the door. He seemed to have come to a decision. In he trotted with his ears up and his nose brushing close to the floor. Inside, the entrance opened onto wide stone steps which led up to a large dark wooden panelled door, each panel filled with a bulbously thick blob of glass which gave nothing away about what might be beyond its threshold. Ivor pushed the outside door closed behind us and sprang up the steps like a mountain goat. He disappeared through the panelled door leaving me yet again wondering whether I should follow him or just wait for instructions. They came quickly. “Come on up,” said a cheerful voice. I doubted it could belong to Ivor. Perhaps there was someone else already here. Someone friendly. I slunk up the steps and through the multi eyed door. I stepped out into an open hallway. To my left there was a sweeping staircase and straight ahead there was an open door, the room beyond was lit up with an inviting glow. I went in. For some reason the curtains had been pulled shut. They were the first thing I noticed. They were once an emerald green colour but even in the dim light I could see that they were well past their best. They probably had been fifty years before. The lack of natural light gave the place a weird presence. Shadows flickered and darted over the walls and round the bits and pieces of furniture, a round card table, a deep velvety armchair and a long low glass doored cabinet. The glow was coming from the open fire which was crackling away happily surrounded by an ornate stone fireplace. The fireplace was huge, easily as tall as a man. I could have walked straight in there, stretched out my arms and still not touched the edges. I didn’t really fancy testing my observation, not while there was a fire lit in there. Safety first always. Meaty would have approved I’m sure. 
The fire surround and mantelpiece looked like it had been carved from wood but a closer inspection showed it was actually made of stone. At the front centre of the mantle was an inset symbol in the shape of an eye, the same symbol Ivor had used on his letter seal.
“Ah, there you are,” said Ivor as he came into the room.
“It’s a bit gloomy in here Ivor,” I said, “is this another electricity protest?”
“I like it gloomy. There’s nothing wrong with a bit of gloom,” he said.
“I’ll get that printed on a t-shirt for you if you like?” 
“No thanks, I don’t wear them,” said Ivor.
“Do you own this gaff then Ivor? Are you secretly minted and you’ve just been pretending to be a penniless engineer?” I asked.
“Now, now. You should know better than that. Did no one teach you that it’s not polite to stick your nose into someone else’s private affairs?” he said.
“That doesn’t seem to stop you though, does it?” 
“Let’s just say I’m looking after the place. It’s under trust. We’ll leave it at that,” he said.
Ivor had taken on a bit of a different air now that we were inside. He seemed a bit calmer. There was a touch more human about him. I’m not saying that he was suddenly a huggy-feely people person but part of the frosty sheen that he seemed to coat himself in had been wiped away. Maybe it was the yellow jacket after all, perhaps it had infected him with an evil spirit. I looked at him and he didn’t snarl back in my direction. If I wasn’t mistaken he’d taken on the mantle of the welcoming Laird. Talking of the yellow jacket, I’d spotted it in the hall outside this room. It was hanging from the lug of an ornate, dark wood coat stand next to an assortment of walking sticks some of which sported the silvery heads of what looked like animals. One in particular caught my eye, the shiny silver head of wolf with its jaws in the bite position. Ivor sat in the armchair nearest the fire and motioned to me to sit on the small sofa nearby. Mr Boots had found a spot near the door and had settled down for a touch of a dog-nap. I sat down and noticed that Ivor was supping on a stubby crystal glass which contained a peaty looking liquid. 
“There’s one next to you,” he said. “I know how to look after my guests.”
I picked it up and sniffed at it, took a cautious sip and felt the nip of the nip on my lips. “Thanks,” I said.
“I know about you letting those people into the site. You don’t need to lie to me now, like you did the authorities or whoever else you’ve been speaking to,” he said.
“I haven’t lied to anyone,” I lied. “I’m hardly going to go about shouting about it though, am I? I might not be the brightest star in the sky but I don’t want to end up getting the whole episode blamed on me, especially as I’m largely innocent of any wrong doing.”
“It was that cult lot that got you up to it wasn’t it. They had you under their spell and you would have done anything they asked, that’s it isn’t it?” he asked. 
“Not exactly Ivor. They were involved, you’re right, but I wasn’t under any kind of arm twisting influence by them. I could have walked away, I could have said no,” I said.
“You didn’t though, did you? They wanted into Hanover Street and you let them in. You stole the keys, you let them in and every last one of them went down into the hole and not one of them has come back out. Tell me how you think you’re an innocent in all of that,” he said.
“Alright, that’s true but they would have got in anyway. They were determined. It just so happened that they used my connection to get themselves in there without getting spotted. They’d have been up and over the fence if I’d not had the key.”
“You think that’s the only reason they got you involved, simply to put the key in the lock and turn it?” he asked.
“As far as I know. They didn’t ask me to do anything else. In the circumstances I’d say I probably did enough,” I said.
“Who was it that put you up to it? Was it that Foundation chap that’s up and disappeared?” he asked.
“No, at least, I don’t think it was him. It could have been I suppose. He seemed to be pulling all the strings so maybe he put the idea into Johan’s head. I don’t really know about that. It was Johan who asked me to get the key,” I said.
“Where is this Johan now?” asked Ivor.
“I don’t know! He went in there with them. That’s the last thing I’ve heard from him. That’s the last thing anyone has heard from him,” I said.
Ivor gave me one of his long hard looks. I could tell he was using some kind of sixth sense to find out if I was really telling the truth or just covering my tracks. He was weird when he did that. He’d fix you with his piercing stare and you could almost see the whirling coils that spun inside his head. They emitted a magnetic force that disturbed the roots of your arm hair. Mine was tingling under the pierce of his peer, ever so slightly but enough to know he was getting through somehow. I looked around the room. Mr Boots was sound asleep, so much so that his paws were twitching away. I’d like to think he was innocently chasing something wild across a hill, lost in an instinctual moment of pure canine energy. That was just a guess though. For all I knew he could have been dreaming about being tickled with a feather duster. The fireplace was still spitting out shadows. They danced across the walls then disappeared, only to reappear on the ceiling before melting away into a shadowy corner where they seemed to be draining to. I hadn’t noticed it before but there was a painting above the fireplace. In all the gloom I couldn’t make out all of the detail but as Ivor stared at me and my arm hair was still tingling I found that I couldn’t take me eyes of it. It looked old. Maybe as old as the house. It had gone that dark dirty brown shade that some old paintings do but it was clear enough. In the centre was the figure of a large man sitting astride a small horse. It could have been a normal size horse and a very large man but I didn’t like to think of the suffering the poor little fellow may have gone through during the sitting for the painting. The legs of the man almost reached the ground but he was sitting there with one clenched fist pushed into his hip and a serious look on his face. He was wearing cream tights with shiny buckled shoes, a tight blue tunic with round gold buttons, a ruffled shirt collar and a tartan bonnet. Very smart I thought, he’d certainly made an effort. His face though, there was something about it that sent a shudder down my back.
“Is that a relative?” I asked Ivor.
He didn’t say anything for a while. I knew that it was best to wait for a bit though as some trains arrive a bit behind schedule but will still get you to your destination. He eventually replied with just the one word: “Distant.”
“He does look a bit like you. That face. That expression. Kind of a scowl, disapproving. It must have been passed down,” I said.
“You should think before you speak sometimes you know, you’d get on a lot better,” said Ivor.
I looked at painting again. The figure did look like Ivor. There was an uncanny likeness. Except for the beard and the long sideburns it could have been him if Ivor was actually a couple of hundred years old. Ivor started rummaging about next to his chair. He pulled something out and looked at it ominously, like it was object of consequence, a will perhaps or a job offer in a distant land.
“This is for you,” he said, handing me the package.
“Thanks,” I said looking at it and wondering what was going on now. 
“Its inside,” barked Ivor impatiently. In a way it was nice to have him back in the room. For a minute there I thought I might be dealing with his mellower twin brother. 
It was a large padded envelope. Nothing was written on it but as Ivor had just directed I needed to look inside so that’s what I did. I reached inside, half wondering if Ivor had placed some kind of oriental finger trap in there and that was going to be his measure of revenge for all the cheeky things I’d said to him or, more likely, for rummaging about in his yellow jacket when I’d lifted the keys to Hanover Street. 
I waited for the snap of the finger trap but thankfully it didn’t bite. I pulled out another, smaller envelope. It was covered with smudged marks which look like they may have come from muddy fingers. I felt my stomach sink. My back tensed and my heart began to beat faster than a terrified hamster pursued by a pack of ravenous wolves. My sunken stomach began to spin like a washing machine on a slow churn. I didn’t have a good feeling about this.
“What is this Ivor?” I asked.
“I’ve not opened it, so I don’t know,” he said.
“Where did you get it?” I asked.
“It was found. The day the shaft was sealed. It was near the bottom, left in a heavy stone box that was shaped like a heart, apparently. One of the men spotted it when we made our last sweep of the place before we put a lid on it once and for all. The box was too heavy for him to take up to the surface but that was what was inside it and he had the good sense to give it to Old Lachlan and he had the good sense to give it to me. After all it’s got your name on it,” he said.
I turned it over and there was my name, printed in big letters in a handwritten scroll with the words please give to before it.
“Well?” said Ivor. “Are you not going to open it?”
I didn’t want to open it. At that moment all I wanted to do was to get rid of it. No good was going to come from me opening that envelope I just knew it. My whole being screamed at me to rip it up, scrunch it up and feed it to Mr Boots or better still, throw it into the fire. It took all my concentration, not much to brag about to be honest, to stop my self-preserving destructive instinct having its way.
I found myself ignoring all that and gingerly ripping the envelope open. I paused before I went any further. I looked over at Ivor. He seemed to have nodded off into one of his trances, staring at a point on the wall like a stupefied unfortunate in a fairy tale who took the wrong turn in the wrong woods and bumped into the wrong witch. Mr Boots was still out cold. He’d stopped the mad twitching though so I reckoned he’d caught whatever it was he’d been chasing or at least the tickling had stopped. Strangely, the dancing shadows seemed to have stopped moving. It was as if they had decided to stop and watch me open the envelope. What does it take to capture the interest of a fleeting shadow? I didn’t know about such things. I slipped my fingers inside the top of the envelope and gingerly pulled out the piece of paper, just enough to read the first couple of lines. I recognised the hand writing straight away: Johan’s. 
It said, Dear Cormack, I really don’t have much time! I need you to do me (another) big favour. No, I’m not writing this from beyond the grave but I might well be soon. This is what I’m asking, no BEGGING YOU to do for me …
I stopped reading there. I didn’t want to know any more. Johan was still alive or at least he was when he’d written this. How had he managed to survive the shaft collapsing?
“From anyone we know?” nosed Ivor.
I found myself drawn back to the painting above the fireplace. Hairy, yes, the figure was covered in the stuff. Even his hands looked like they were lined in fur. No wonder the little horse looked out of sorts. I pointed to the painting. “Just how distant are we talking here Ivor?” I asked. Ivor looked up at the painting and took a long swig from his stubby glass. The light from the fire caught the crystal and lit up Ivor’s face in a momentary sparkle of light. I’d never notice his teeth before that moment. They flashed with a glint of ivory white, incisors honed into pointed V shapes, sharp enough to puncture the throat of some unfortunate beast. “Oh, far enough,” said Ivor. I didn’t believe him. I looked down at the envelope, pulled Johan’s letter out and began to read. 

END OF PART ONE
I really appreciate you reading my book!  Here are my social media coordinates:

Follow me on Twitter:  	http://twitter.com/escott999
Smashwords author page:  	https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/escott 
Subscribe to my blog:  	http://iscotblog.blogspot.co.uk/ 

If you liked this story please leave a review on the site you bought it from, it really helps! Thanks
