SEE YOU GOD



SEE YOU GOD
By Sudhir Mittal
Copyright 2013 Sudhir Mittal
Smashwords Edition

Published by SM Readership and Publications
Gurgaon, India

Sudhir Mittal asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

ISBN : 9788192765006

All rights reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of the publisher, nor be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover or ebook other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All characters and events in this publication, other than those clearly in public domain, are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

SM Readership and Publications is an imprint of
Sudhir Mittal

Facebook Fan Page
Twitter Follow Page
Blogs
Wordpress

sudhirmittal@sudhirmittal.in 
www.sudhirmittal.com
Complete Collection of Books from Sudhir Mittal
The Secret World on the Other Side of Mind
The Unprecedented Garden of Life
Appetizers of The Secret World
26 Scruples for a Fulfilled Life
1000 Descriptions of God
The Life You Choose
Life will Smile at You
Lead Like A Master
Invoking The Self
Elixir is Raining
365 Gold Coins
See You God
Life Again
Sud & Me



Dedicated to You
Who
Have been 
Waiting to See
The Garden of Life


Prologue 
“But what may be the harm in getting more if God nevertheless gives?” Ever since the day the man had heard that it’s God who gives, he had started wondering for more in his heart.
Thence, the man began to seek God and he kept on doing so for a very long period of time.
God from heavens thought, “Let us see, why this man wants me so badly.” He came down but in an unusual dress. He came in the form of a beggar.
Man immediately chided Him away, even without listening a word.
But the man kept on seeking God.
God came again, this time, in form of an old age woman.
Man ridiculed by saying, “But how can that be up to my bother?” God went back to the heavens. 
Here, the man yet continued seeking God. 
Finally God had arrived in His Godly costume. 
Man was gleeful. “I needed you”, he said. 
God said, “But I had also needed you.” Man didn’t understand what God meant; for he hadn’t understood the meaning of God ever at all. 
“Why were you seeking me”, God asked. 
“I wanted to see you,” said the man. 
Thinking of His previous ignored form of a beggar and old age woman God smiled in sarcasm. He said, “Ok! See, this is how you’d wanted to see me. Shall I go now?” 
“But when you have come now at last, won’t you give me the boon”, the man had revealed his heart. 
“OH! What you want?” God asked. 
Very smartly, the man preconditioned it. “But first tell me, how many boons I get here?” He asked from God. 
“How many!” God was surprised. He said, “May be one”. 
For one second the man felt disappointed, but soon he had made up his mind. 
“Ok! Give me one boon, and that is that, you give me two boons instead of one”, the man said victoriously. 
“OH!” God felt cheated.
The man knew that the two boons were already granted. He continued asking, “First boon is that you make me the richest and second is that, you give me two again in lieu of that.” 
 “OH!” God felt cheated again. 
Man continued, “Since I have become the richest now, my first boon is that, you will come whenever I need you and second is that, You give me two again which I don’t use now. I will use them later.” 
“OH!” God had begun to feel amused now. He stayed on the spot for a while without knowing what the man will say next. 
“I will call you whenever there will be a need next time.” Probably the man wanted God to go now. 
“But I haven’t granted any boon yet,” clarified the God. 
“Oh! Didn’t you really?” asked the man in fiercest astonishment. 
“No, I didn’t yet. But tell me, why you wanted to become the richest?” asked God. 
The man was sad. He had exposed his cunning mind in foolishness. “I thought I’d become the happiest man then.” He replied. 
“See, I am right in front of you,” God asked, “aren’t you the happiest man now?” 
“Hmm... indeed you are. But why am I not able to feel any happiness in this moment?” The man asked in bewilderment.
“This, how could I know but?” God expressed his unknowingness. 
Even the man didn’t know. Nobody knew that even though God Himself was in front of the man, why was he still sad. May be God knew about it, but He didn’t tell the reason before smiling and going back. 
Now, God had vanished away. 
The man thought, “Certainly, He must not be God. God doesn’t do like this with His people. He indeed must be somebody else; may be a magician and nothing more.” 
And since then the man stopped wanting the God. 
But he couldn’t stop yet, wanting to become the happiest one.


SEE YOU GOD

1

Sometimes, the most astounding miracle of life makes advances upon you in the quietest manner.
This story is an account of what happened to me in the summers of 2010. I came across the biggest miracle of my life; as I met with God. There is however nothing new about meeting with Him. People always want to see God; and they often happen to meet Him as well; just that they do not come to know about it. I also longed to see God, and true, I met Him as well. But alas! I still remained oblivious to my sudden privilege.
Pitiably on the other day, I was failing to recognize God in my front who spent many hours in roaming around there. He made several talks with me. He laughed and caressed too. He was surprised for the ways I used to understand God as. He tried teaching me the right ways as well, but largely I had remained adamant only.
Since then, indeed so much time has passed. For innumerable times I have been to the same place again where I met Him first. But He doesn’t come again. Yet I save myself from the intense grief of His bereavement because of the timeless gifts which He had bestowed upon me on that miraculous day. Such of His gifts have stayed with me forever. I find myself uniquely favored that He considered me deserving to experience Him a little. I do not although have any slightest of idea as to what made Him choose me; but for such of His unique favor I have ever remained spellbound and grateful to Him.
What you read here is my exceptional experience which I cannot rewind except merely in my reminiscence. God asked me many questions, mostly about Himself. I replied all but not beyond my own limited understanding. He laughed; and sometimes ridiculed me as well. In the beginning I thought of Him foolish, but it was in due course of the day when I became to realize the otherwise sublime truth. Alas! Before I could let Him know of my correction, my chance had vanished.
Yes, those were the days of summers... 
~~~
“PEOPLE RIGHTLY CALL ME stingy”.
As usual, I had started talking to myself while being alone and driving my car on a fairly smooth highway.
“These crazy people must be driving at 100kmph or even faster”, I grumbled while looking at the other cars zipping past me one after another. “But I am quite diligent in driving my car at not above 70kmph in any case because it is the maximum speed a car can generally give when the engine speed is just below the mark of 2000rpm.”
By my habit, I couldn’t stop talking to myself incessantly, “Most of these guys, who are zipping past me, must have been the hired drivers only who are last to bother about the saving on gasoline or the otherwise unaffordable garage bills nowadays.” On the spur of the moment I had now begun to remind myself of the owner’s manual of my 4 years’ old car. Somewhere at page no. 25 of it, it had advised to keep the engine speed at around 1800rpm to run the maximum kilometers out of the every drop of fuel.
~~~
“THIS COUNTRY IS HELL. Rich people who buy the expensive diesel cars get fuel subsidy from the Government, whereas the poorer ones like me have to run on petrol at nearly double the cost”, my ever complaining mind had just added the newest. “It will be better to slow down from 2000 to 1800rpm. It doesn’t make any difference to me putting extra 15 minutes on the road. But Oh! May be the wind is blowing in from opposite direction to even worsen the challenge of fuel efficiency. Oh! My God, My God! I don’t know what happens to me, but sometimes I think just too much. Oh God! Why you keep me so restless always?”
The very moment I summoned God pressingly hard, I felt as if the engine ignition had gone. The car however was still carrying its momentum. I glanced at the tachometer; indeed the RPM hand of the clock was dead. I tried pushing the pedal intermittently, but except a couple of coughing sounds which came from under the bonnet, there was hardly any response from the engine. Although the car was still moving but my back was no longer resting in the seat. I was sitting on the edge.
“Oh! My God! What’s new there for me now?” I murmured again while peeping in to the side mirror.
“Oh Goodness! There’s no other vehicle rushing from behind. And why at all they would remain behind?” I quirked while reminding myself the countless of other cars which had zipped past me in last 120 minutes. “Naturally, everybody will be only ahead of me and no one behind.”
I steered the car to my left side down the road and then it stopped itself over a dried mud bed which was underneath a giant tree. Casually, my gaze fell on the tree. To my little knowledge it was a Banyan tree, of which the trunks were as big as elephant. A platform had also been made around it.
Parking the car safe down the road was itself a relief. Engine was already off, hence the fuel efficiency was no longer in mind. Before coming out to check the uncalled for hell under the bonnet, I spoke to myself, “Let’s spend two minutes inside only. How relaxing it feels in this way!” 
~~~
BUT MAINTAINING SUCH RELAXATION for more than thirty seconds proved unpredictably difficult. In sullen face I came out. Having smashed the car door in ire, I opened the bonnet. 
“Some wire must be loose”. I was careful and cautioning myself from touching the overheated coolant box, “Hmm... wires... but which one?”
“For what hack they have to put so many wires inside? Can’t they do with fewer ones? Oh! There are all kinds of... red, blue and a few yellow ones too. And some are still hiding behind the rubber packing down the hose. These guys desperately need to think like software professionals. Mechanical engineers always turn out the things cumbersome.” In my thoughts I was advocating bringing in a radical change to the entire car manufacturing industry; that too merely because of an unknown wire fault under my bonnet.
“I should wait before unscrewing the coolant lid. It must be boiling”, I thought while seeing the side walls of the semi transparent container. “Umm... But coolant level looks fine!”
“What else could it be...?” I was coining the idea of opening the back boot of the car, then take out the wrench and check by opening few of the bolts around the engine; but just then I yelled upon myself, “How can you be so foolish?” I stopped at once. Engine was saved.
Leaving the bonnet open I stepped up on the road. I looked around but found no one except the countless of trees till my sight could go the farthest.
“Should I try stopping some other car and ask for help? No, I don’t think anybody will stop. Had I been a beautiful girl, my chances were bright”, I grinned.
“It’s 11 in the morning”, I had taken out my hand-phone to check the time. “What will I do now?” I was worried about tomorrow’s meeting in the office. “Oh! If I cannot finish today’s plan and go back in time, tomorrow’s deadline would be missed.” 
~~~
I LICKED MY DRYING lips. 
“Oh! Atleast I have one good news in this troubled moment”. I hurled and opened the back-boot of car before taking out a water bottle which was slightly hot because of the sun. I quenched my thirst and washed hands clean of the dirt which had smacked from inside the bonnet.
“She never forgets to put two water bottles for me,” I was all praise at my wife; Well! this time even behind her back as well.
Looking at the car, I sighed, “Chances are thin that I would find a garage or a mechanic here. In either direction of this highway, any city locality will be atleast eight kilometers away from here.”
“What would I do?” I leaned my head to my right shoulder, then to left shoulder, then to right and then left; but being able to make out nothing yet.
“Maybe that is a battery problem. It is not unusual for batteries to wear out in four years I see!” Then I taunted as if in a spiritual distaste, “Nothing is permanent in this world, not atleast the things under the bonnet”. I had almost laughed, but at whom I didn’t know.
“Owner’s manual of the car said, when the batteries refuse to spark the self-start, it is better to not try too much frequently. One should rather wait patiently before giving a try again.”
“Patience. Patience. Patience. Ah...! It’s difficult, especially when tomorrow’s meeting in the office is so important.”
“For what hack of worry now about the meeting! Let me worry first about the car.”
Without any particular thought or reason I had sat inside rear bench of the car. Although it was unsuitable to the occasion, but I was strangely feeling good. “Well! It really feels nice to be on the rear seat... without all those buttons, pedals and steering. In only the rear seat of car it gives the actual fun of being chauffer driven. It looks so much peaceful and wonderful from here. Even my small box like this feels premium.”
“Oh! I think too much”, once again I reprimanded myself for the unnecessary thoughts in the presented situation.
Soon I began feeling like sleeping. I leaned back my head over the head rest and stretched my legs to the extent allowed by the front seats.
“Oh! I must roll up the windows before I may fall asleep”, I alarmed myself and rushed. After returning to my momentary pleasure of rear seat, I kept one of the windows slightly opened.
“Oh! I should not forget this as well.” Immediately, I took out my cell phone and turned it on ‘silent mode’. I slipped a little more in my seat.
Probably I fell asleep.


2

What a wonderful nap it was! 
Certainly I could have ranked it as my nicest sleep in past many years. And why not! The surroundings were a countryside and the air underneath the giant tree was surprisingly serene. I woke up in sometime and preferred to not check the time on my phone.
I was mildly smiling after feeling so much relaxed. “In life sometimes it is better to not become so much calculative about the things. I have relaxed today inside the car like never before. After twelve - fifteen months when all the EMIs will be paid, I will become the owner; the absolute owner of the car. Even so far as yet I have paid bagsful of interest to the bank.”
“But what should I do in the moment here? It is really the first time when I have been fooled by my vehicle in the midway. May be well before this car starts asking for the unaffordable maintenance bills, I should become serious about getting a new one soon. Sometimes it may go less expensive to buy a new car than getting your old one repaired.”
“Oh my God, I don’t know how it occurs to me, but sometimes I think too much,” I shrugged off. “Forget the new one. What do I do with this now?” 
IN NO TIME SOON I began overhearing a certain noise like cranking between two iron shafts. 
I would not have paid any attention to it unless I realized that it was coming from my own bonnet which I had forgotten to close down.
“Oh! What a folly! I did remember to shut the windows but forgot the bonnet.”
“But what is this sound all about?” I came out of the car to check the cranking noise.
Lo! What I saw!
A little unknown girl was sneaking into the engine bay and was quivering a wooden stick between the two iron shafts inside. That was how the sound was coming.
“Who are you?” I asked.
“Who are you?” The girl asked the same question, but in a gentler voice than mine.
I felt slightly raged with my question returned as it is, instead being answered. The girl was still looking in the engine bay.
“Leave it before you spoil anything there”, I hurled to put her off.
“Does it work?” The girl raised my anxiety while still looking into the engine bay.
“I mean just stop drumming your stick in that”, I was about to snatch her stick away when she turned her smiling gaze at me.
For a moment I was stunned. I had never seen before such a striking countenance of a child. She was smiling a little, probably over my fear from a child. She had stopped making the cranking noise now.
While I stood spellbound by her smile, she pointed her stick towards me and asked again,
“Who are you?”


3

“Do you know some car mechanic here?”
I asked the girl while trying to ignore the question and her striking smile as well. Though, I couldn’t stop wondering in my heart, “She must be of four years or may be little more.”
“Car mechanic! What is that?”
Understanding a child’s typical ignorance I said, “Car mechanic is a person who can repair the cars.”
But she came upon me unpleasantly innocent. “Is that better than my stick?”
I didn’t know what to do except looking perplexed.
“Take my stick”, she said while motioning to offer me her crude wooden wand. “Try yourself; it always works. It’s no ordinary stick you see! It works many. I drive my cow everyday with it.”
Ignoring her awkward offer totally, I was skewing my eyes at this unprecedented trouble which had freshly arrived in life. I thought of running away. I was feeling like getting rid of the both; my car and this girl; but from whom first, I didn’t know.
But then, before I could speak or guess any more, she had turned and walked a few steps away for playing around the trunk of a nearby tree. I took a little sigh of relief. 
~~~
“OF COURSE, THERE MUST be some wire loose.” While sneaking under the bonnet I was trying to check which wire could have been further loosened by the girl. “Atleast I can say that the car was minimally some better before this girl came. She made it worse. She is a menace.”
“Should I try restarting it again?” I asked myself. “No use. After she has twisted them by stick, there are looking now more yellow wires out than before. No, it won’t start.”
I turned in the direction of girl. She was running playfully in the circles around a big tree. She was wearing a white color frock which was printed with small pink flowers. Stitched to the lower line of her frock, there was a wide lace of magenta color. She was still holding the stick in her hand and was probably humming a song which didn’t interest me any. She made another round of that tree when I took a more careful notice of her appearance. Her face was round and every time she smiled, a twin of small whirlpool dimples appeared in her cheeks. The color of her skin was strikingly fair. She looked cute and indescribably innocent. She was not frail in her body frame; instead she was very active and lively. Her black hairs were curly and long enough to play around her shoulders. Her feet and hands were small but untiringly playful always. She was barefoot but no trace of dirt could smack her feet. To me, she seemed like ever curious about anything which may cross her way. In lap of this road side jungle she was as comfortable and joyous as being completely at home. She appeared smiling and ever inviting to play with her. I couldn’t stop looking and admiring her. But just then I remembered the way she had asked me twice, “Who are you?”
“Huh”. In sullen face I turned back to my bonnet, still tossing the idea of taking out the wrench from of the back boot and try opening something like spark plugs. “Should I check the engine oil; or roller belt; or the radiator coolant; or the batteries?” Too many thoughts began competing in my mind about the paraphernalia inside the bonnet; especially when I knew nothing about any. Scratching my forehead by habit, I became profoundly distressed. 
~~~
“IF YOU ARE HUNGRY?” 
A cute childish voice suddenly came from my behind.
I turned back. The same girl was in front of me once again. Surprisingly however, she didn’t annoy me as much this time. I saw her again. Indeed she was the cutest and most innocent child I had ever seen before.
“No, I am not.” I replied to her question while keeping my voice gentle only.
But almost taking me by surprise, she suddenly moved her both little hands from back and showed me two guavas.
“Take,” she offered smilingly.
“No. You can eat those”, I said.
“I always eat. Eat if you are hungry?” She insisted.
“But Hey! Wherefrom did you get those?”
“That’s a guava tree there”, she pointed her stick towards the same tree around which she was playing until now.
“Oh! But how did you get those? The fruits are very high and you look so small”, I asked. Probably I had started taking interest in her talks.
“It’s the same... My stick. It is no ordinary stick you see! It works many. It gets you the guavas as well.” She looked so proud of her rough and crude wooden stick.
I was still in a dilemma over guavas. Generally in trains and buses, it is advised to refrain from accepting any eatables from the strangers. My habitual reluctance caused by such general admonition was delaying my answer to the girl here. Yes, she was stranger to me. In order to reason my reluctance I also thought that why should I accept courtesies from her? Won’t it be a shame if I was at mercy of a child? I further thought what will I return to her? Will a ten rupee note be fine? Will she refuse to take? Or maybe if she asks for even more, then how would I react? Or even otherwise I thought, maybe she is kidding with me. The very moment I will extend my hands to take the guavas from her, she will pull back those and laugh at me. For the first time in past half an hour, I was more confused because of the guavas than my car.
Here she was still holding the guavas for me. Probably tired, she asked again,
“If you are hungry?”


4

There was really something mixed in the guavas. I had not eaten tastier anytime before.
Usually I would drink small amount of water after eating anything but this time I didn’t want the taste of water wash out the taste of guavas on my lips.
I had leant upon the side windows of car while the girl was busy again in making rounds of that tree. Once again she was humming the song which I couldn’t understand even after giving a slight try this time. I was still licking the guava taste on my lips when suddenly I reminded myself of the car problem.
“Oh! What hack! Can I find somebody here to hand-push the car?” I murmured while giving around a gaze. Casually, my sight fell on the girl who was now rushing after a yellow butterfly.
“Are you fool? She is too small to hand-push it”, I scolded my mind at once.
“Hey!” I started reassuring within myself, “Aren’t you such a methodical person who has won so many prizes in your office for sorting out the stressful situations? And aren’t you the true ‘go-to-guy’ in your group?” All of a sudden I was standing straight with a swollen chest as these positive thoughts began gathering in my mind. “How come this kind of a small problem is troubling me so much?”
“Problem! Which one? The girl or the car?” I was thinking too much. “No, no, no. The girl is not my problem, the problem is car.” Probably the two guavas were enough to bribe me.
“So ideally”, I asked myself, “What would a methodical person do in the similar situation?”
Once again I thought about unscrewing the spark plugs under the bonnet. But for a nut like me, all bolts turned uninspiring at once.
“Let’s wait, what else. Should I call my younger brother to drive down 120 kilometers here and bring along a belt or rope for towing me up to a garage? Will he really come... especially when we have not liked to see each other’s face in past three weeks over a matter of housewives? Will he come? Well! I think he might. But why should I expect from him a favor? I am a methodical person. I have won so many awards for handling the stressful situations. I must manage it myself.”
“Oh! I think too much.”
I looked around. Besides me there was only one human figure in my sight; and she was the small girl in frock.
“Who else must be here with this child? But I can’t see any”, I wondered in my heart.
“Hey! You sweet girl, come here,” I spoke loud from distance. In match of the rhythm of her song she was hitting her stick on the trunk of tree.
“Yes?” She started coming to me.
Oops! I had just bitten my tongue and stopped myself from asking her, “Who are you?” Lest, instead of answering, she would hit back upon me the same question again. Just before it could come out from my lips, my question had changed.
“What are you doing here alone? Where is your mother?” I asked.
“My mother!” She broke out a laughter but didn’t answer.
Assuming her nonetheless a manner-less child, I felt fretting. I didn’t ask further. 
But the girl was still looking to my face; as if she was about to ask me the same thing again.
Barely just as I had feared, she reciprocated my erstwhile question and asked,
“What are you doing here alone?”


5

Something was indescribable about this girl.
Her peachy smile and striking glow were unusual. Miles away here in the woods I had almost forgotten tomorrow’s important meeting in the office. Though I was worried for the car but it was not bigger than my otherwise worry for the girl who was playing alone in this road side forest here.
“Will you take some water?” I asked her.
“Do you have any?”
I nodded before opening the back boot of car once again. I had taken out a new water bottle which was relatively cooler than the previous one. May be it was so because the car had remained stationary under the shadow of the giant banyan tree. Touching the cool bottle I felt like drinking myself first but then I thought it would look bad in front of the child.
In courtesy as I neared the bottle to her mouth, she joined her both palms to her chin and knelt down a little. Although she was bending, her eye balls were fixated upon me. It was really so many years after, when I had seen somebody preparing to drink water in a vessel of joined palms. In good old days I used to watch my grandmother quenching her thirst in this way. In big cities however, it was believed to be a bad manner nowadays. Taking water in this fashion was understood to be reserved only for the poor gentry of society. In the world of educated people, the newest culture of drinking water had now transformed in to unscrewing the cap and locking lips with the mouth of the bottle.
Still leaning at her knees she probably felt that I was delaying the water. Rolling her eyes she looked up again but didn’t disjoin her palms. Puzzled by my aloofness she said loud, 
“Give!”


6

After water she wiped her chin with the side lace of her frock.
In my case I didn’t need any because my chin was absolutely dry.
I wanted to sit inside the car as my legs were creaking upon me to not continue standing. But I thought she would feel bad. Had her frock been very clean, I would have also let her in. Confused, I continued standing with her under the Banyan tree, though without knowing what to say or do next.
“You must be tired. Aren’t you?” said she.
I was just surprised how could this girl know what ran in my head. “No... no, its fine”, I said.
“You can come to my village if you want.”
Hearing this, perhaps my gaze turned stern upon her. I began looking around. Till my sight could reach the farthest I didn’t see any straw cottage, hut or a man or even a bullock cart to make out our place near to some village. I didn’t feel it necessary to answer her childish offer.
“You can come to my village if you want,” she repeated, “You can take meals. And you can sleep as well there.”
“Oh! No, no, thanks. I am fine.” I replied as if I was humbled by her sudden courtesy. Although it seemed to me unrealistic.
“Oh! See, you small girl! For a moment, please go and play somewhere else. I have an important call to make.”
Maybe she didn’t understand what I meant. She didn’t move. To her adamancy I myself moved a few steps away while searching for my brother in the contact list of the phone.
“Hello! Hello! Yeah, It’s me. Uh... See. Uh... my car has broken down in the mid of the National Highway. Uh... I mean... can you...O... if you can come down here with a thick rope or belt, and tow my car to a nearby garage? See... I know I am asking for too much of your trouble but I couldn’t think of anyone else. Uh... I mean... if you are free, if you can come... Oh... You were little busy today!... Oops... you are not sure!... you will have to talk!... Oh... you will try!... Ok, see if you can come down anyway... Bye... Bye.” 
~~~
I HAD BEGUN TALKING to myself now, “Whenever a chance comes in future and if he calls me for similar help, I will return his favor. I will also go and help him so that the cunning housewives do not throw taunts upon each other.”
“Sometimes the life is hell, at home and elsewhere too”, I moved my head towards the sky but only to find the dense green leaves of Banyan tree coming in the way.
The very next moment I sank in otherwise mathematics of calculating as to in how much time my brother could reach for my rescue. “Certainly it is not going to take him anything less than one hour to come out from the local congested roads of the city itself. Hmm... Then minimum around two more hours, even if he jumps a dozen of traffic lights on the way.” I sighed, “Will he really reach here in three hours...?” But in very next moment, another kind of pessimism took upon me, “Oh golly! Will he even start?”
“And these people”, I murmured while glancing at the speeding cars on the road, “will never stop running their cars below 90kmph. Even if I try to wave my hand at some cars on this highway, who the hack will really stop? By the time they will take my notice, they will be half mile away. I mean... this is how I have seen myself driving. It is so much irritating to stop for a hand-wave. These guys really never understand”. I didn’t know exactly whom I was blaming on; the people driving their cars fast or was it the others like me hesitating to wave hands for seeking help. 
I looked around. This time the girl was sitting almost motionless on a large gray rock nearby. She was at some distance from me but I could fairly notice that she was not humming her song now. Instead in aloofness she was hitting her stick on the ground.
I turned to my car, of which the bonnet was still open. I glanced upon the red, blue and yellow wires again, scratched a thumbnail over my forehead, and in a moment I dropped the bonnet lid. Casually my gaze began charming about the bonnet. It was shining like new. “And why not?”, I had restarted my thoughts, “The workshop guys last month were offering a free polish of car if I bought from them a two years’ maintenance package. Isssh... I just can’t resist the offers, especially when those come to my car.” In praise of new like beauty I was walking from bumper to bumper about the car.
“It still looks as good as new”, I was amusing myself. “I love my car. Isssh....”
“May be even after four years now it would sell for big bucks really. Oh... I think too much.”
“The garage people are indeed making a good job nowadays. The car still shines like one in showroom.” Then suddenly my ‘feel-good’ thoughts were halted by the yellow wires.
“What do I do now but?” I cracked my fingers. “True that it looks like new, but it doesn’t run now for that matter. What do I do?”
I looked around again. She was standstill yet, but not her stick. I felt like talking to her more, but at the same time I was also feeling my reluctance in walking up to her. My aching legs were craving me to sit down somewhere.
I turned back to the car and then to the girl once again.
“She must be tired now,” I grinned. “Children seldom get tired, but they do get in sometime.”
I opened the bonnet lid once again but then I lashed back at myself, “You fool! Do you know exactly which one? Red, blue or yellow?” In perturbation I left the bonnet open.
I walked around a little before putting my both hands over the roof-top of car. I was hiding my nose in between my both arms. “Will he reach in three hours...? Isssh... Oh God! What will I do if he doesn’t even start from the other side?”
All of a sudden I felt something behind my back. As I turned, the same cute lisping voice came again,
“You can come to my village if you want.”


7

“By the way you small girl, can you say where your village is?”
I had leant over her little face while looking at her stick and frock. “I don’t see here-about any village but.”
“Come! We have almost reached”, she said while pointing her stick towards the deep interiors of the mustard fields.
“You must be kidding”, said I. “About village I am not sure, but after so many years now it will be a good idea to walk around these green farms. And there may be a chance that I find a peasant or somebody else for hand-pushing the car. It can save me from embarrassment with my brother who might be coming all the way down from city.”
“Your brother will not come,” she had just stunned me. How did she know that the housewives were not at good terms?
Then she slanted her face to the left and said, “I meant, by the time you come back from my village, he won’t come.” She had just saved me from believing that I was about to roam in dense forest with a little witch. Without waiting for my verbal consent for coming along, she started walking as if it was sufficient of a command upon me to follow her.
She turned back at me from some twenty steps ahead and said, 
“Come!” 
~~~
I ALMOST BEGAN LIMPING in matching my pace with hers.
Although my aching legs were not at all accustomed to tread on the uneven countryside footways, I had already begun enjoying the harvest fields’ sceneries as well. Alongside the farms here were the countless of trees which, unlike in city parks, were not arranged in a straight line. In numbers however, those seemed literally impossible to count.
Trotting down an even rougher patch on the footway, I was perhaps getting over-cautious about escaping a small mud pit there. For few seconds I kept walking on my toes, lest my shoes may smear in the mud.
“Where could be she taking me?” I went slightly restless and moved my mind away from the shoes. Looking upon this little girl from behind, I felt like stopping. 
“Come!” She had just stopped and turned back at me. This little girl began laughing at me for my way of holding the pants little above the ankles.
She started walking again and so I too had to. This little girl was ever playful and was obviously faster than me. It was not the first time in my life when I was taken to surprise by the energy-house in children. I asked her,
“What’s your name?”
“My name!...” Did my question surprise her?
She replied innocently, “...Little Girl.”
“Little Girl?” I wondered as if I didn’t agree. I was also surprised for the way she knew what exactly I was thinking about her name.
“Yes. All the people call me by different names as they like, but I will smile if you call me only Little Girl.”
“Yes. No! But I mean you would have a real name as well. Or isn’t it?” I asked.
“Real name! I really don’t know”, she said as she had now slowed down her pace to match with mine.
I thought it was not a wonderful idea to ask her questions. She never gave the straight answers.
“She is not as little as she looks.” I thought. 
We had come by now quite far in the mustard fields. Though, I couldn’t see a village still.
“Hey! You little girl! How far is it? I think my legs are giving up”, painfully I said. 
~~~
“OH! YOUR LEGS?”
Just in a moment she had abruptly drifted to a nearby hollyhock of dense bushes. She instantly climbed over it and said from the above, “Well! I will see to it.”
She waved her stick inside the hollyhock and almost threw her head in to it. I didn’t know from where at all, but lo and behold! In her hands was a small white baby kitten, well, almost newborn.
“Hold it.” Without asking for my consent she dropped it in my arms. “It’s name is Baby Kitten. And it is my best friend. Hold it.”
Was I in an awkward situation?
“But holding it like this, who will hold my pants little up from the ankles and save my shoes from smearing in the mud?” From behind I wanted to ask this loud from her, but the kitten didn’t let me. This little creature in my hands was looking over to my face. For once I thought I must run away in far, but I was under the constant watch of little girl; lest I would drop the kitten.
“Isn’t this all funny?” I was looking smilingly confused while wondering within myself. “Ok! It’s true that in my childhood days I used to enjoy the puppies and kittens very much, but now I am doing what? I remember, Sheeri, my childhood kitten was as white as I am holding one in this moment, but that always ran faster than me. It was always my brother who would catch it and give back to me for playing with its tail. Although he was younger than me, but whenever it came to running behind the kittens, he was always the best.” As usual I was trying to hide my smile about the childhood reminiscences, else what would the onlookers think of me.
“People will never understand unless they themselves hold a white baby kitten like this in their lap”, I thought laughingly.
“Sheeri always ran faster than me”, I smiled. 
“Should I take a try with this one as well?” The baby kitten was still looking over to my face as if it was ready for the challenge.
“Oh No! My brother may be still three hours away; well! If he is coming at all.” In my mind I continued kidding around the kittens. “Better not take any chance. If I put down this kitten here, you never know what this little girl will do with me then.” 
~~~
SUDDENLY I NOTICED THAT my legs were now getting accustomed to walk on the uneven muddy footways. I noticed that for past few minutes I was thinking more about the running kittens than my limping legs. Had my pain disappeared? I didn’t know.
“Come! We have almost reached.”
She said as if I was forced to redirect my attention towards her.
“Where?” I asked.
“Where! Just turn your right and see.” She commanded to my great astonishment.
“Oye!” Indeed I saw a village. Yes there were many bullock-carts and the straw-cottages in my sight.
“How far have we come? It’s so good that my legs are no longer aching, but how far indeed we have come?” I felt like asking this from the girl but there was something in the beautiful sight of the village, that my all questions went reluctant.
Suddenly I felt that the nails of ‘Baby Kitten’ were badly scratching on my palms. I was just about to drop it when the little girl took it from me.
“Oh my baby kitten!” She had gently put her friend on the ground. “Go back to your home now. I will bring you the dinner. Ok!” For once, the whitey baby looked over to little girl’s face and just ran away disappearing in the way-side bushes.
“Yes it is fast, but not faster than my Sheeri”, I chuckled.
Then I looked at little girl. She had caught me red-handed smiling in a childish way. I felt a little embarrassed to have failed in hiding my smile this time.
Pointing her stick towards our right, she looked straight in my eyes. Flaunting her eyebrows she smiled and said,
“So! This is how my village is.”


8

“Will you take some water?”
Although it seemed there no understandable occasion, but this time it was the little girl offering to me the hospitalities.
I nodded in somewhat bewilderment and allowed my gaze follow where she had suddenly hastened towards. In a moment she was shouting from distance,
“Come! You have to draw.”
I looked on carefully.
Not much far away she was standing upon a circular platform which was made all of stone walls. Here from distance all I could see was a platform raised from the ground, over which a rope-wheel was erected on a perpendicular rusting iron rod. And waving from it was the stick of little girl. She was summoning me to reach her at soonest.
“We will enter the village in a moment. Let us take some water first? Come.” She said as I came nearer.
I hastened even faster.
“I had thought we will find some water in this bucket, but see! Its empty”. In sad voice she was pointing down at an old-tin bucket, of which the half-circular handle was tied with a brown soggy rope.
Here we two alone were standing on the stonewalled platform. She was peeping into the well again and again when I feared lest she might fall in. I came behind her and glanced in to the well.
“Ooooohh....... It is ssooooo deep”, I suddenly pulled myself back. Did I get frightened? I think I didn’t but it took me five seconds to come back on the earth.
“Where is little girl?” My heartbeat rocketed as I didn’t see her where I had left her five seconds before. For a moment, I couldn’t think what to do. “Did she slip in....? Should I look in to the well once again? Oh! Once again? I don’t know”.
“See! You have to draw.” The cute voice just came from my behind. As I turned back, the little girl was holding the empty bucket in her hands.
Looking down at her I heaved a sigh of relief. The old bucket in her hands was almost coming in way of my seeing her face. Probably I had begun to feel emotional about her. Was I getting any attached? I didn’t know. I wanted my eyes to stick over her face but the old bucket was not letting me. I lifted my gaze to see the village. I looked around. On left side were there the endless mustard farms; in the center was this stone walled platform where I stood; and on my right side was the village, which I hadn’t stopped admiring yet. 
~~~
“ISN’T THIS EXACTLY HOW a village typically looks in the childhood books? Isn’t here the peace deafening? Isn’t here the fresh air so wonderful? All around, it is nowhere the concrete slabs on the ground and it is only the soil everywhere, but still the air is not mixed with the dust. All noise I listen here is what is made by the birds on the trees; and it’s not even noise as such; it is indeed so sweet in listening about”, my thoughts were going ceaselessly enthralling.
“Why don’t people want to live in the villages again? Isn’t everything so good here? Isn’t a place wherefrom you can get so close with nature, the best?” Beautiful village on my right and amazingly yellowish toplined mustard farms on the left; I was feeling like reaching the both at the same time. I did not remember when had I seen a real scenery like this before? Although my laptop had many wallpapers even more beautiful than this, but I knew this very well too, those were all faked and doctored. The horizon-wide beauty of nature was here and not in my ‘air thin’ laptop.” I had almost lost in my thoughts when the cute voice came again,
“Oh! You have to draw.”
Little girl just snatched my attention. Whilst I was lost in my numerous pleasing thoughts, she had probably got tired holding the bucket in her little forearms. The bucket by its weight had now come down a little as I could see her face this time. She was inexplicably cute and beautiful, just like a baby angel.
For the first time in this moment I took a more careful notice of her eyes. Those were blue; blue like diamonds.
Without waiting further she handed over the bucket to me and aloud her command,
“Draw!”


9

I believed my usual basketball games played in the city park were slightly more difficult than throwing a bucket over the rope-wheel and then loosening it into the well. I looked down at my shoes. Those were already so much dirty that it was pointless to continue worrying about. I was taking all necessary due care so that my legs would not entangle in the rope before I could have a horrendous chance of slipping into the well. It was also necessary because the little girl could start laughing at me.
After loosening most of the rope, I asked her, “Should I pull back now?”
“Did it touch the water?”
“I think – No.”
“Then?”
Blushed, I immediately turned my gaze away from her.
I loosened more until I was holding the second end of the rope. “It’s very deep”, I said this to the little girl while hiding my submissive show behind a smile. In my office I had already become quite an expert of using my smile in this manner. For most people in the office, it was only the positive attitude which mattered the most; so what, if it was cunning actually. In corporations’ offices one should never look kvetching; else the HR people would invade in to his or her life and oppress further in name of curing his negativity. And they would not stop interfering even when somebody might have very valid reasons behind his or her troubled behavior. “These HR people in the offices just want people to sing in chorus, even if they themselves are badly detuned.” I was smiling while reminding myself of many whimsical brains erected upon the cosmetically smiling faces in the HR team of office where I worked. “And these capricious CEOs never miss on hiring only the beautiful faces alone. I don’t know why always the beautiful faces win over the beautiful brains? May be it is so because the capricious mentalities find only the whimsical brains to be like-minded.” I noticed that I had started scratching my head. 
~~~
“DID IT REACH THE BOTTOM?”
Here the cute childish voice came again.
Probably my little supervisor was getting unhappy over my delay in the given assignment. I avoided an eye contact with her. I thought of pulling back the bucket. I started and found it heavier than before.
“Yes... Yes, I am doing.”
I feared if I over-speed in pulling back, the water may spill down from the bucket and then I have to face the wrath of little girl. Therefore I was keeping it slow but steady. It had been some time now but the sight of bucket was taking longer than I had predicted. My forearms began aching.
I thought, “But how about if I just leave the rope in middle? Shall I really do so...?”
I knew it. She was still looking over to me. “Oh no! I can’t do this.”
A few more moments of my aching forearms...
“So! Here you come”, said the girl while jumping in joy and clapping for me. 
“Had not I been holding the rope myself, I also could be jumping and clapping like her”, I murmured. 
She immediately formed her familiar body posture which she had earlier made near to the car. She came joining her both palms under the chin, preparing for water by kneeling a little down and fixing her eye balls at me.
Before again I could run a chance of getting lost in the reminiscences of my grandmother, she commanded,
“Give!”


10

I can’t say what made me here to not search for any paper cup or ceramic mug. I was waiting when the little girl would wipe her mouth with her frock as usual, and my turn would also come for the water.
“I shouldn’t mind as to why she didn’t ask me first for the water. Am I not her guest? But she is really too small to be expected these courtesies.” Next moment I shrugged, “Oh! I think too much. It doesn’t really matter as to who takes the water first.”
To my sheer amazement, she was holding the half-filled bucket so firm in her tiny forearms that I almost forgot to join my palms under the chin.
“Take!” said she as I began preparing for water in the same posture.
“Oh my goodness!” I became astonished of the experience, “Can somebody really know without trying it for himself, as to how wonderful it feels when your chin meets the water; especially when you are feeling the heat and sweat on your chest after drawing the water-bucket from the well yourself?” For a moment even if I thought, “Would it drench my shirt’s sleeves?” I shunned, “Let it be”. 
~~~
“HOW’S THE WATER?”
Little girl asked while flaunting her eyes as if she knew my answer.
I couldn’t speak of it. The bucket had emptied and because of my unskilled joint between the palms, the water had mostly drained through my elbows. I was talking to myself once again, “Why do people get over-conscious for the hygiene? Do they really live healthier? Hasn’t this old-tin bucket quenched my thirst like never before? If a merchant may find this water source here, he will never get tired of drawing buckets from the bottom and make money out of it. Now I know why my grandmother would keep away from the cups and mugs in case of taking water. If somebody in the city may find me drinking water through my chin, how fool will he think of me? But only I know what a fool he remains unless he comes here himself?” 
~~~
I WAS SITTING NOW on the platform while tapping my shoes on the ground. My gaze was absent. I wished these three hours get somehow extended minimally to double. It had just begun with the little girl; the girl with blue eyes; yes, blue like diamonds!
Seeing my aloofness again, she had perhaps started wondering about my uninformed ‘thought-breaks’. She intruded herself in to the direction of my absenting gaze – and said while pointing her stick at me,
“You think too much.”
“Oh! How do you know?”
Oops! What a foolish! What a foolish of me. I had just confessed. In past half an hour, I had failed to hide not only my childish smile about the kittens, but also my tendency of too much thinking. 
“This girl is no ordinary, I see!” I felt like hiding somewhere in far.
She was still smiling at my face as she had probably noticed my embarrassment. To change the point, she asked, 
“How’s the water?”
I returned her smile and looked at my drenched sleeves, “Hmm... It’s better than my bottle”.
She smiled big and said,
“Didn’t I say! This is how my village is.”


11

Little girl’s smile and merely pointing her stick towards the village were enough of an invitation. There were only two pairs of legs on the narrow footway in the direction of village. Although she was small, yet she would never get tired of walking on these crude paths. Once again, she started humming her old song and waiving her stick in the air. I tried hard to grasp her singing but couldn’t get more than merely a few words of it. She was singing something like ...play... win... din... catch... match. Her lisping childish voice was ineffably cute.
For most of the time I had been struggling to match my pace with her, but thankfully, I was also getting intermittent breaks when she would stop every then and now to look about a nearby flower, a shrub or a grand trunk of tree.
“We will reach the village in less than twenty minutes if I continue chasing this little Olympian here”, I grinned while glancing over to the distant vision of village from the narrow footway here. I was carefully keeping her on my left so that she would not get hurt by a speeding vehicle coming from behind; although I didn’t know whether she was taking a notice of my loving care for her. This was the way I once used to safeguard my children while taking them out for a walk around the city lanes.
“Oh! What speeding vehicle would come at all on this narrow muddy footway? I do not see anybody else here.” Indeed I hadn’t seen any third human being here. But still abiding by my habit I continued keeping her on my left side only. She also didn’t look minding it. 
~~~
IT HAD BEEN A couple of minutes of our walk when the little girl hadn’t asked me any new question at all. Probably I was expecting one; and yes, I was right.
“Where were you going?” She asked all of a sudden as usual.
“Where!”
“In the car?” 
“Oh. I was going to a holy place”, I said.
“Holy place!” She wondered.
“Yes. By my staunch rule I use to go there every month.”
“What is that holy place?” She asked.
I was sure now that her new questionnaire for me had started off. Nevertheless, till we reached the village, I didn’t mind answering to her childish curiosity. “Children always ask. Or don’t they?” I was quipping in my mind.
“What is that holy place?” She asked again.
“Oh! There is a large mountain many miles away from here. I use to go there every month without fail”, I said.
“What you do of mountain?”
I laughed. “No, No. I don’t do anything of the mountain. It is generally believed that thousands of years ago God used to live there. So I go to see that.”
“Oh really! Do you see God there every month?” Girl’s mouth was open in awe. 
“No, No. I meant God used to live there thousands of years ago. He doesn’t live there now.”
“Then why do you go every month when you do not see God there any longer”, asked she.
Was she trying to trap me again in her awkward questionnaire? I didn’t know. Somehow I tried replying,
“There are so many people who go there every month and walk barefoot some twenty kilometers in the circle of mountain. They do so in way of worshiping God”, I tried to answer even her coming up question.
“But you said God doesn’t live there any more, then whom do the people worship?”
Thanks to the mercy of God that I knew the answer, “You see little girl! There is a very large temple made in the reminiscence of God. People go to the temple and light candles in the memory of Him.”
“In the memory! Do people forget God when they come back home?” I knew her questions were getting intense.
“No! They never forget”, I said as if I was replying to her challenge.
“Then why do they go again and again?”
“You won’t understand this all. You are too small”, I tried to hide my bewilderment behind a smile. She just stopped walking for her unanswered question.
“Ok.” She said in a flash of confused smile.
While I was hoping that her questions had finished, I wondered in my heart, “Sometimes children ask big questions. Or don’t they?” I was scratching my forehead again. “I do not know if God is really present everywhere or not. People say that He is. But when the millions of other people come every month for walking barefoot around that particular mountain, they also must not be wrong.” I shrugged again, “Children sometimes ask only the hopeless questions.” 
~~~
“WHAT WILL YOU DO if God comes in your sight all of a sudden?”
Although she had asked only innocently but, oh my God! Did she sweep me? I didn’t know. I glanced again at the sight of village. We were still two-three minutes away. She was holding her stick in both hands and was waving it like the wings of an aeroplane. She was talking to me with rapt attention but her gaze was invariably fixed on the stick. Her question was awkward and I felt very reluctant to answer. Though I also knew that she would not let me go so easily.
“What will you do if God comes in your sight all of a sudden?” She repeated her question again.
“Oh! I know He will not come.”
“Why?” She had stopped waving her stick.
“Because He never comes like this.” I hoped I hadn’t spoken this in a very chiding tone.
Suddenly, the stick fell from her hands when she turned her sad eyes upon me,
“Oh! Do you really think so?” 


12

In life, I had seen villages and the countryside places before as well but not more than at a couple of occasions only.
I had always fancied about the clean and fresh air around the orchards and also about the plenty of serenity there, but still, passing some weeks or months at one stretch in a countryside place could have never been a practical desire. None of my friends or kinsmen would live in a village in the modern times. Rather they were all swollen owners of the cramped 2BHKs or 3BHKs in the high-rises floors, concerning which they would also complain at the same time for having to bear the hefty maintenance costs.
Walking here in my nerved temper on the village footway, just came in front of me was a small dense lemon plant. Ahead of this plant our footway was splitting in to two different lanes. I was watching the little girl and wondering how enjoyably she was counting the lemons. There was one thing exceptionally wonderful about her that she would get too much happy for a thing which did not even belong to her. She was bending on her knees for looking inside the lemon plant from its bottom. I too was enjoying my moment of break while sitting over a stone platform nearby. There was indeed something in this girl. She was enjoying every reason and moment of her life. “Wish I could also become a child once again. Children are always so happy unlike the grownups”, I pressed my lips.
“Did you see... Did you see,” she rushed towards me, “there are fifteen lemons now!” Little girl was so greatly excited as if she was flying above the clouds. “Yesterday when I came, they were just thirteen.”
Thoughtfully, I smiled at her. “That’s why! Wish I could also become a child once again. If any grown up like me had seen this lemon plant after a day, he would have rather kvetched for seeing merely two more.” I couldn’t stop giving her my silent smiles.
“But take care! Do not pluck-off any lemon, else the owner of plant get angry on you,” I called out to warn her.
Hearing this, she suddenly stopped and turned her face to me. She was looking stern and had put now both of her hands on hips.
“But this is my lemon tree.” She screamed.
I laughed and thought, “This is how every child thinks.” 
She looked again at the lemons for once and then pointed her stick towards roots of the plant in the ground. She screamed again, “This is indeed my tree.”
“Yes, yes. It’s ofcourse your tree. But let us now move from here.”
We were standing in midst of the bisecting footway when she said pointing her stick to the right turn.
“Here”.


13

Steadily, we were treading on a wide lane which had many houses on the both sides of it. Seldom the sidewall of one house would touch that of other. I saw there no congestion at all. Mostly all the houses opened with a large door. It was enough for me to guess how big they would be from inside. None of those houses had a second story to climb; I guessed they had neither needed any.
Walking down the lane I was also taking a notice of lane itself. It was not very clean but the only filth visible on it was the dried leaves or the wild flowers which had dropped from the side-way trees. Those were not at all looking awkward to my eyes which had grown accustomed of seeing only the garbage poly bags and crushed plastic cans scattered in the city. City climate always had dust mixed in its air; whereas on these soiled village streets here I hadn’t seen any kind of air pollution yet.
“By way of one’s general logic, shouldn’t here be rather more dust mixed in the air?” I had started my self-talk again. “After all I don’t think that the villagers here would have ever used or needed any cement or the stone powder. Here entire of this footway looks soiled but still the dust doesn’t mix in the air. Although these lanes do not look broomed so well, yet the dry leaves and wild flowers scattering all over do not look any bad either. This is just how a village road must typically look.” 
~~~
“YOU MUST BE HUNGRY, COME OVER.”
Suddenly the sweet cute voice came very loud.
My self-talk was interrupted by such of an announcement. Thinking it of course to be little girl’s voice only, I looked to my left; but she was not there. I made a circle on my heels and looked all around my shadow. She was missing. Before I could guess anything, the loud voice came again.
“Come over! You must be hungry?”
I lifted my gaze in the direction of voice. She was waving her stick wanting to redirect my gaze towards a large wooden-gate up above in the fence. This gate was mounted over a high cliff there. It would be atleast forty feet high from the ground I stood.
I was awestruck. “Oh! When did she climb so high even without my slightest idea?” I held my head up and looked over once again. She was waving and summoning me to climb over.
“Is this little girl crazy? She can any moment fall from there”. My fear increased as she had now begun to lean even more from the cliff-edge upright.
“Come! Here, Here... This way.” She waved her stick again.
I guessed she was pointing towards something on my left. Actually a large thicket of bushes was coming in my way of seeing a climbing footway there. Little girl had been pointing towards the same only. I hesitantly moved to see what was there behind the bushes.
“Move, move! Yes!... This way!” She exhorted aloud only to impel a rush on me.
Within a second I was standing in face of a steep climb which was quite narrow, undulated and awkward. The angle of climb was so high that I feared anybody would fall back in the midway itself.
“Does she really want me to climb over?” I wondered. “Better I do not give even a try at all, lest I would fall back crumbling down.” Unable to decide, I was standstill in the moment of giving only an absenting gaze to the high slope of climb. 
“But this little girl will not spare me standing here like this. Must be there is someone living upside whom she wants me to see. But this climb looks really impossible. Why hasn’t somebody made a staircase here? It is so rough and slippery that anybody would fall. Neither is here any side rope to grip if I may start tumbling in the mid. Should I make her clear that I won’t come? Oh! Indeed I should. It is always better safe than sorry.”
But before the words coming from throat could reach my tongue, the little girl called out once again, “Come! Come straight. See! You have almost reached”.
I looked upwards. She was smiling in big way for encouraging me about my so-called mountain climb.
“Come steady. Don’t fear, you won’t fall”, said she, “See! I am looking here. You can’t fall. Climb on.”
Here from far, I tried reading her eyes. Although she was some forty feet away from me, but her broad smile and beaming confidence was forcing upon me to think the job possible. Once again, I looked up to the steep climb and felt mixed.
“Should I throw down my stick for you? It is no ordinary stick you see! It works many. You can climb up holding this in your hand. I climb here in the same way every day.”
I just felt ashamed. A four year old child was pitying on me. Gathering my courage I thought, “What hack of a help that small stick can do for me? If she can climb this every day, why can’t I?
(Voila! She was offering me her stick which I had just refused.)
“No! Don’t throw it. Don’t throw it,” I yelled twice to make double sure that in the performance of my feat, I didn’t have to carry along with me anything, except my own worried-self.
From below, I looked again over to her face. She was smiling as if a mother would smile upon the first walking steps of her baby.
“Come on! Come on! You must be hungry?”


14

“So! Here you come”.
Exhilarated, the little girl was jumping and clapping for me. I too wanted to clap for myself and it was possible also because I didn’t happen to hold any rope or bucket in my hands this time; but still, since I had grown up, I had to be different from child. I refrained.
But I was indeed surprised. Bending my body, I had put my palms over the knees. Although my breathing had become racier, but I was not feeling fatigued. Actually the climb was not as frightening as it was appearing from below. In this very moment of recapturing my composure, I was making it doubly sure to stand on the safest side above; lest I would still fall on a minor slip. A big victorious smile was spreading on my face when I looked on. Cheerful little girl was standing in front of me. Flaunting her eyebrows, she asked.
“Look! Wasn’t it easy?”
I nodded. Speaking was difficult unless I could regain my normal breath. She began rolling her eyes even more.
I looked back once again. The erstwhile climb had become now for me a downhill descend. In good old days I had read in some book that to climb a tree was easier than to come down from it. In next moment I began to scare about my coming down.
I had started talking to myself, “It looks equally dreadful from here. Somebody should have really built the staircase. It is so awkward and undulated that anybody would fall down again from the mid. Neither is here any side-rope to grip.”
“Well, in that case, on my way back to the ground later,” I began planning, “I will make it a point to keep a cane for help.”
Once again in aloofness, I looked at her.
“Oh no! Her stick is too small for me”, I grinned.
Little girl had suddenly rushed now to the large wooden-gate in the fence. 
Standing almost in a welcome posture, she pointed her stick inside the gate and commanded on me,
“Come.”


15

I understood here something about the cliff.
It was not any hilltop over which the fencing was done. Instead it was an enormous high-sand-hammock which had naturally swollen from the ground. As I entered the gate with little girl, I saw a huge landscape inside. It was filled with unfathomable thickets of bushes and trees. The overall size of this high-sand-hammock must have been of an entire compound within which a few housing complexes could be made. Here all the trees were systematically planted in a row and bush-tickets were growing only on the fringes. In center of it there stood a large thatched cottage. It was only cottage on the entire landscape here.
Walking and enjoying the surroundings, we both had now come a little farther inside from the gate. The walking speed of little girl was always better than mine. She was ever joyful and probably this was the reason that she had been ahead of me in most of our walks. By this time I had also begun to enjoy her company. My little blue eyed angel was not only an interesting child but she was also introducing me with so many things new or rarely known to me. I was looking at her from behind. I saw her white color frock again which had many small pink flowers printed on it.
One thing I was somehow able to intuit about the little girl was that, she was going to make something wonderful upon me. Something unusually great was about to take place. No more a shred of worry of my car, my brother, tomorrow’s meeting or anything else was hammering in the mind. Smilingly, I was just watching on the little girl from behind. How greatly she was enjoying every moment of her life! Don’t all children do the same? Don’t all children get so much happy about smallest worth of a thing? Don’t all children walk as enjoyably as this little girl does always?
Then what wrong occurs to the grownups? Why they start undermining the smaller reasons of happiness? Why do they begin chasing some kind of distinctive happiness which they are never able to comprehend or attain fully?
A few feet above the ground here, I was dwindling in a philosophical strife when suddenly the little girl stopped walking and turned around at me. I found that we had reached quite near to the cottage. From a closer view, I was now better able to view the details of it. Just then she took my attention by waving the stick over her shoulders as usual.
“Come! This way...”
Only in a moment my baby angel had drifted away from me and was now pointing her stick towards a small pit in the ground. Out of this pit mild smoke was emanating.
“Oh! I must rush.” I ran as I saw little girl quivering her stick in to the pit. Fearing a burn or injury to her, I rushed even faster towards the spot which was atleast fifty feet away.
“For sure,” I grumbled, “this girl will make me win an Olympic medal one day. I haven’t had so much of athletics in past two years which I have had today.” I was worried for what she was doing in the pit. Probably there were logs on fire. In mid of my rush, she had now begun even peeping into the pit. “Oh...” I was running to my fullest.
“Why do small children always make their keepers running on the toes? They don’t even know when they will harm themselves. It is always their elders who have to rush and save; even if they are too tired to even walk.” My act of grumbling was occasionally judicious of my situation at the moment.
“Lest she may burn her hand, I must pull her back.”
As I reached the spot, I was awed. It was tiny mouthed but a deep dug pit in the ground. A handful of straw was set on fire underneath a large bowl which was mounted over the pit. There was perhaps something boiling in the bowl as the steam was coming out of it. I moved a little closer to the pit when I realized that it was less the smoke emanating from pit and more the steam wafting from the bowl. The smell of steam was hot and sweet. Within only a second, I had started hearing the tunes of dancing rats in my stomach.
In next moment I was lost in observing the operation and mechanism of this new kind of fire-stove that I had lately seen here. There was nothing particular as such to mention about. Simply this pit was dug in the ground in such a way that the bowl would not fall inside it. And beneath the bowl were there the dried straw blades which were set on fire. In this very moment I realized that even I had also begun to peep inside the pit; just the way little girl was doing up to my scare last minute.
“Oh...” Just when I thought that it was now little girl’s turn to worry for my peeping in to the pit, I stood up and looked about her. 
~~~
“GOLLY! IS SHE MAGIC?”
She was disappeared once again. I turned around a full circle but only to find her running from far in my direction. When did she move? I was completely at sea. She was holding in her hands something even stranger this time. As she came near, her beautiful smile became wider. 
In a moment she handed over me a baked-clay mug. The other one, she kept for herself. As soon as she gave, she leaned to check the bowl above the pit. Giving smiles at sweet hot steam which was coming from the container, she drummed her stick twice on the bowl and said,
“Do you know how to put it off?”


16

As motioned by little girl I thought of picking from the edges of bowl, but lest it could be too hot to touch, I took out my handkerchief to help in case. Though I was afraid of my unskilledness in the job but she was watching me with all due care. For one second I worried about the handkerchief getting too dirty to be washed, but then again, my little supervisor was perhaps too impatient.
I finally took off the bowl from fire and landed it safe nearby.
“So! Here you come.” She was clapping, even for my slight performance. 
“See, how tasty it is. Isn’t it?” She asked.
I wanted to tell her that I had not even known what was there inside the bowl, but anticipating her childish annoyance, I merely smiled in nodding.
“So, this is the sweet milk of my village. Pour it in your mug and take as much as you want”, said she in a tone of favor making.
“Hey!” I interrupted at once, “But whose milk is it anyway?” I was afraid of somebody catching us over here.
“Why do you ask? You are hungry and here is the milk, and this is how I take milk every day whenever I am hungry. Why at all you ask?”
I thought this girl will really get me a good scold from the cottage owner, who must be arriving here any moment. Children always think of everything to be their own. Although I was feeling the pangs of hunger in my stomach, yet I couldn’t think of venturing in to stealing the hot milk from an unknown place. On a secondary thought, maybe the little girl lived only in this cottage, but I was not sure. After all she would never give a straight answer to any of my question. 
I asked again.
“Whose milk is it anyway, do you know?”
“Oh, you ask so many questions. This milk is of the cow.”
Oh my goodness! Did I really expect such a foolish answer? I found it necessary to clarify. “Of cow? No, I mean this milk belongs to whom?”
“It’s the cow only.” The little girl was looking innocently confused. Probably my apprehension was unprecedented to her.
“No, you didn’t get me. I mean this cottage upside here must be belonging to some person and may be this milk belongs to him, or isn’t it?”
For a second, she looked confused. She put her stick aside before asking me again,
“But the owner of this cottage has already taken his share of milk today. He is no more hungry. You are. So you can have it.”
“But will the owner of cottage really allow?”
Once again she looked confused.
“But he doesn’t need more milk, or does he? He has already taken for himself enough”, she asked. She was probably thinking of me asking only the stupid questions.
“But still,” I insisted, “this milk is of the cottage owner and we should not take it unless he allows. Else he would get unhappy with us.”
“No!” She retorted in disagreement, “This milk is of cow and she always allows us to take. Rather, she would be happy if we take it to feed our hunger, or won’t she?” The little girl, as struck to me for the moment, had a point. 
I couldn’t say anything.
She continued saying in an aggrieved tone, “This milk is very much of cow; and if the man thinks that he would not let you have it even when you are hungry, then the man will not remain at good terms with the cow as well. Must be very soon the cow will stop giving milk even to him.”
Was she merely a little child or some renowned professor in sociology? What a big point she had made in her innocence. On this earth, what of a single material really belonged to the man? I had started sinking in to the multitude of thoughts now.
“All the things infact belong to the nature but erroneously we assume ourselves to be their owners. Nature gives things for all of us but we try to keep other deprived. And that is the reason we are never at good terms with nature. We largely remain complaining and unapologetic. We always fall a little short of happiness from how much we want of it; and this is so because we never agree to add to the happiness of others. We often want to keep the milk with us even if we are full; and we always want to deny giving it to the others even if they are hungry.” In the company of little girl it was the newest subject for my mentation.
“This village of hers must be very unique.” I quipped. “Well! As unique as the little girl herself.” 
~~~
I LOOKED DOWN AT the bowl. The steam had now slowed down, as if it was inviting the dancing rats in my stomach more pressingly.
I looked up at the little girl now. She was standing to my left while tapping her chin with the stick. Her striking blue eyes were smiling upon me when she said,
“Come! You must be hungry?”


17

If I used to nurse any apprehension as to how could the cow’s milk alone fill somebody’s hunger, I was a fool. I had never been so well filled in my life.
“Take more! Rest assured that the cow will be happier.” The little girl began laughing at me.
I too laughed.
I looked at mug in my hands. Did I really mind taking milk in a bare clay-mug? No, I didn’t; I didn’t because nor was the little girl minding for hers. Ignoring any possible ridicule by her, I poured in to my glass once again. I was not looking anywhere except at the milk. It was pleasing to the eyes, pleasing to my mind; and yes, the rats had also stopped dancing in my stomach. They were sleeping peacefully now.
While sipping the hot milk slowly this time, I gave a look at the cottage-house once again. It was not astoundingly big but it had a fairly large verandah outside. The verandah was fenced with many granite short pillars. I guessed the house would have nearly two rooms inside it. Above the slanting low roof, as I could easily see from below, there were hundreds of pigeons picking grains from their beaks. Below at ground there was a large clay pan filled with water. Around this all kinds of birds were flocking over. Here was indeed an unfelt before serenity in the air. The only din I could hear was that of playful birds. I had rested my back over a nearby bench now. My chin was raised as I began to look up in the sky. It was more bluish than I could ever see in the city; or maybe I was not sure when did I see the sky as carefully last time.
Suddenly, some three-four squirrels tramped fast around my feet and almost scared me in a flash of second. Before I could understand what had happened around my shoes, all of them disappeared in the nearby shrubs.
The little girl was seeing all this as her laughing outburst snatched my attention.
I looked at her again.
She was smiling the way any proud host would; especially after taking care of a guest very well. She stood up as if waiting for me. Probably she wanted me to move now for another place in her village.
“Let us see, what my next adventure is destined with this blue eyed angel”, I wondered in my heart.
But as soon as the thought of coming down from high sand-cliff arrested my mind, I became fevered. The downhill descending, that too without any side-rope to grip, could only become dreadful upon me.
I saw little girl approaching towards the gate in fence. She was waving her stick so as to ask me to follow her. Reluctantly I reached the gate with my dreadful thoughts of descending, when she said,
“Oh! We can’t. We have to wait.”
“Why?” I asked.
She pointed her stick far down. 
“See...”


18

“O my goodness! Those would not be less than five hundred, or maybe even double. Who can count?”
I was spellbound in seeing upon the endless spate of sheep and goats, all running towards climbing up this high cliff. There was nobody to guide them directions, yet, as I could easily see from above, all were taking only the correct lanes to reach the cliff quickest. Within a moment all had begun to climb; without a single one hesitating. All in herds were taking on the same steep slope which in my view until now, was quite narrow, undulated and awkward as well. The entire scene was spectacular. The flock consisted grownup animals, young and infants too. All were climbing so seamlessly as if stepping up on a staircase only. Seeing a few new born sheep and goats there, I frightened. But soon my fear turned in to surprise when each one of those infants crossed the challenge of climbing, as seamlessly as the grownup animals were doing.
Was I awestruck or dismayed, I didn’t know. Even animals had done a lot better than me. It hadn’t taken more than merely a minute when all the hundreds of sheep and goats had climbed up and entered inside from the wooden-gate. I and little girl were watching all this sport from a narrow corner. She was enjoying it thoroughly and now I had also begun. In a moment the two of us were alone on the spot.
I was feeling little ashamed for my erstwhile exposed difficulty in climbing. Sheep and goats had done lot better; and they did so in hundreds. “In her heart she must be failing to stop from laughing on me.”
I looked to her. She was ever smiling. Pointing her stick downwards once again, said she,
“Shall we go now?”


19

True it was, as per my book knowledge, that climbing a tree was easier than coming down from it.
“Let only the books remain scared then.” I invigorated myself about coming down from cliff. “If sheep and goats can do it, so can I.” 
~~~
I PUT DOWN MY first step, then second, then third and then, I stopped counting.
I had safely come down only to find; well, as expected, the little girl was already waiting down for me. I looked about her face, lest again she might be taking notice of my joy of success. Yes, she was taking. She motioned her stick to move on now.
As we walked past another lane, she remained quiet and didn’t speak a word. Her silence was poignant and it was perhaps an unusual event for me. In my heart I was jumping for my success in cliff riding, when I just broke her silence.
“So! You little angel! Where towards we move now?”
“Anywhere of your wish.”
“But I do not know all the places in your village.” said I.
“But shouldn’t your own village also be just like mine?”
Once again, she compelled on me the otherwise sarcastic thoughts. “If I tell her about how my city is, which she is mistaking to be a village, would she really understand?”
I refrained from telling her anything about my kind of ‘villages’; it had no point at all. I continued following her. I was however able to see a kind of uneasiness in her walk. In this moment she was almost rushing. She was no longer appearing playful. She was hastening towards some place in far, completely unknown to me. 
As usual, I had begun to match even the accelerated pace of hers. I tried to break her mysterious silence once again.
“Hey! Little girl! Tell me where we are going now?”
“We must reach there soon, well before the dusk.”
“Where”, I asked in curiosity.
“The Garden of Life.”
“Garden of Life?”
“Yes. We must reach there soon, well before the dusk. That is your destination for the day.” 
~~~
WAS THERE SOME KIND of heaviness in her voice?
Ever since I had met with little girl, her face didn’t appear to me as somber. She was rarely smiling now and was no longer playful either. Her countenance was becoming grim and worried. Walking down the lane, she took my gaze while turning upon me in sudden.
Yes, she was although smiling, but it was similar to the way a mother would feel melting for her child. This was my most awestruck moment so far with her. She was looking straight in my eyes. Her stick was down and loosely held. Mild blows of the wind were cuddling with her white frock and curly hairs. Her face, as it appeared to me, was turning little pale. Perhaps she was afraid of something upcoming. I wanted to ask her about the matter, but before I could muster up my courage, she asked...
“Won’t you like to see The Garden of Life in my village?”
I was already astonished by the name, “Garden of Life!”


20

I must confess that I was not at all enjoying the un-playful moments with little girl.
Why would a child ever look less cheerful? Was I really disturbed for an unknown child whom I had met merely hours before? This time I didn’t want to repeat my old habit of saying, “I don’t know.” Instead I wanted to say, “Yes, I know. I know that I was worried for her.”
More than the ‘Garden of Life’, it was the thundering silence of girl which was perplexing me. Maybe I had never imagined her sad face. I wanted to ask her about the matter, but before I could, she asked her question once again.
“Won’t you like to see the Garden of Life?”
“Do you want me to see?”
“Yes, that’s why”, she said before resuming her old mysterious silence and her fast paced walking as well. 
~~~
FOLLOWING HER RUSHING FOOTMARKS, I began wondering. “What made her say – That’s why...? What is this garden of life she is talking about? In this ordinary village I can hardly imagine any splendor such as of a garden. And Oh! Did she mean it? Did she really mean – THE GARDEN OF LIFE? Will this be any different from numerous stupendous lush gardens that I have seen at different places so far? And why this little girl is hastening so much? And alack! What really made her say – That’s why?”
I continued following little girl helplessly.
While seeing her from behind I wished that she would turn back and throw on me some playful question, but she didn’t. She was looking towards the side-views of lane but was not stopping for a hollyhock or kitten this time.
Gathering my courage once again, I asked, “What is that Garden of Life?” 
She didn’t turn back nor did she stop. She was only a couple of steps ahead of me. I had been putting up a brave feet in keeping pace with hers. Without disrupting her walk, she replied.
“The Garden of Life is a garden.”
“Garden? Is that any different garden?” I asked.
“Yes, it is the real garden.”
“Real garden! Real in what sense?” I hoped my restless questions were not offending her.
“You will just see.”
“I hope, not something dreadful is coming up in my way.” Finally I had exposed my fear.
“Certainly it is not dreadful; especially to those, who have been waiting to see it”, she replied. 
~~~
LITTLE GIRL HAD BEEN sounding very mysterious now.
The Sun was brightest in the noon. I was not sure if I was more frightened than being bewildered. So far, more than the mystery of Garden of Life, it was heaviness in the voice of little girl which was increasing my anxiety. 
I thought to not ask her more questions. I had complete trust. I kept on matching my pace with hers, untiringly.
Nevertheless intermittently, I was moving my gaze from side-sights to the little girl. She was still holding the stick. I kept on looking for her from behind. Her white frock printed with small pink flowers was mysteriously wonderful. She was small but she had out-paced me all through the times. I was smiling on her while reminiscing about many experiences during the day.
I was completely lost in the playfulness of the day, when all of a sudden, she turned back and said,
“Come! We have reached”


21

Little girl had stopped walking now. She was pointing her stick in the vicinity of something that we had reached nearby. Already astounded by the structure in my front, I came even nearer to see it. She also followed. 
~~~
IT WAS A STUPENDOUS large timber gate, standing outside of which were only the two people – little girl and me. On right side of this gate, a big stone slab stood firm. It read – The Garden of Life.
“So, this is what you wanted to know – The Garden of Life”, she said from behind. 
My gaze was already fixed on the timber gate. I couldn’t utter a word. I was struggling to comprehend the things in face of me.
“Do you want me to go inside and see?” I asked.
“No, it’s you who wants to go inside and see. Not everybody gets the chance of being here.”
I looked at her; then at the large timber gate and then at the stone slab as well. I didn’t know what to speak or do about.
I moved further towards the gate as if she would also come along. But she didn’t move.
“Will not you come inside with me?” I turned back and asked.
“No. You never get a company inside the Garden of Life. You have to walk only alone there.”
I felt awkward at the idea of leaving her alone outside. She must have read my mind when she said,
“I will wait for you here. But you have to walk inside alone only.”
“Ok.” Sadly I said. 
She laughed a bit. “But I promise to not go anywhere else unless you come back. You will find me waiting right here.”
“Hmm...” 
“Don’t lose time now. Get in.” She was almost exhorting.
I glanced over the large timber gate once again. One thing was damn sure that something very strange was about to happen. Surprisingly however, I was not feeling any frightened in that moment. I was serene. The desertedness outside the garden was not haunting me. I was content. And I had also this firm belief that such steadiness of my mind had come upon me because of the little girl only. In past few hours she had unfolded my imagination to many new dimensions. About my upcoming adventure in the garden I was curious but not frightened, even though I was supposed to be alone there.
The Sun was still brightest after the noon. I turned back to look about the little girl once again. Perhaps I wanted to double check if she was comfortable and safe. She had now become playful once again. Or maybe she was pretending in this way to keep me at ease. She was making rounds of a nearby tree. Funnily, she was waiving stick in the air and was humming her good old song which I hadn’t understood ever. I looked over to the tree and then at her stick; to only rest myself assured that she was comfortable and safe as well.
Foreseeing my challenge, I turned my gaze to the stone slab once again.
It read,
“T H E  G A R D E N  O F  L I F E.”




22

The first thing happened as I entered the timber gate, a new kind of spirit began filling my body.
Some invisible force was turning my mind away from my usual tumults and perturbations. I hadn’t experienced such a sudden wave of inner change any time before in life. I was smiling even though I had sufficient reasons of feeling frightened. An unprecedented confidence was absorbing my all prejudices. Gentle whiffs of wind were playing with my clothes and hairs which had become thoroughly unkempt until now. I was not feeling the heat of sun; nor did I feel any cold. Neither was I expecting a thing, nor dispelling a thought. I was just ready for anything that could come across me. Not a shred of worry had spared in my mind. So what, if the car had aground; if I ran a chance of missing the important meeting next day; or even if my brother had not started at all. I was feeling nothing, except some invisible assurance of my beneficence.
I was smiling after reminding myself of what the little girl had said – “Not everybody gets the chance of being here.”
I was glad that I had the privilege of entering inside. 
~~~
JUST AS I HAD entered the gate, a high mount wall came on my face. It felt awkward to see a wall before seeing anything else in the garden. I looked on for the passage. On my right side there was a narrow door opening to a couple of stairs for coming down in the garden. As I moved towards the stairs, a small marble slate which was hanging nearby, took my attention.
I began reading, 

“Who will welcome you to The Garden of Life when it is your own garden only? You are not a guest here, you are the host. You do not visit here, but you reside here; everyday. The garden from inside must not strike awe upon you, because it is how you have made it yourself. Go inside and see what you have been up to it. And also check there the seven lampposts, on which you read, what you can still make out of it.”

Perhaps I had already intuited it. Something very unusual was going to occur. Within a fraction of minute, the entire stature of my life had flashed in my mind. I read the marble slate once again. I was now ready for assuming the responsibility of my prospective findings in the garden.
I came down the stairs.


23

“Can a garden be really of such a kind as well?”
“Is this the place which the little girl called as Garden of Life?”
Such were my onset reactions after coming down from the stairs. It didn’t look at all like a garden.
“Should I feel surprised of seeing here nothing but the barren landscape alone?”
I made a round on my heels. Apart from the rear side of that high mount wall, a couple of stairs and that ‘welcome’ marble slate, there was nothing worth mentioning about the garden. Till my sight could go the farthest, I couldn’t see the second end of the barren land. There were looking only a handful of trees in my vicinity which probably were insufficient for a garden of this size. The color of ground was mainly soiled; with only little green grass spread in the intermittent patches on it. There was no water-body around except a half-dried muddy pool of filth. There looked no person or guard inside who would take care of the garden. The entire landscape was smutty and unkempt.
In this very moment, the particular line on marble slate just flashed in front of my eyes. It said, “...The garden inside must not strike awe upon you, because it is how you have made it yourself...”
“Oh! Is that the reason this place is called The Garden of Life?” Momentarily, I felt dejected.
“But will this garden be the same for everyone coming here?”
“Or is it my garden alone?”
Tossing numerous questions upon myself, I had sat now on a nearby bench. I was thinking about little girl. Was this the reason that she had turned uncheerful and unplayful later?
“Oh! How dramatically the things have been happening upon me since morning. It looks all like a dream. Everything looks familiar, yet unfamiliar also at the same time.”
“Since past couple of hours I have met with nobody else except the little girl. Is this all an illusion? Even if it is so, it seems to be eye-opening in big way. “
“And how has it happened that when I was roaming inside the entire village, I didn’t see or meet any human being there at all?”
“And now not even little girl has remained with me. And why did she say - But you have to walk inside alone only? She ofcourse must be knowing all the matter, that’s why she didn’t tell me in advance.”
“Oh! And probably that’s the reason she pointed out earlier by saying – That’s why.”
“She was insisting me for roaming inside the garden alone only. Probably she knew that everything written here will be for me alone.”
“Hmm... I understand the things better now. It is indeed my own garden. It is nobody else’s but my alone. Whatever is written here is written for me only. And that is why that marble slate said – “...Go inside and see what you have been up to it...”
Although the onset of garden was discouraging but at any cost I didn’t want to sink in the ocean of grief. There was indeed some invisible force which was infusing the positive energy in my frame. I wanted to roam about the garden very much. I wanted to see the things in detail. After I was sure of this garden to be my garden alone, I was more curious now to check the things sincerely.
And suddenly then I reminded myself of another thing,
“Oh, the lampposts!”


24

I rose from the bench. Feeling a mix of anxiety and assurance in my heart I began peering through what was ahead of me. The enormity of my garden was completely incomprehensible to my understanding. My gaze was falling on whatever it could. There were some trees. Although being few in numbers, they were mostly green and not dried off.
My breath was getting anxious for the lampposts. Standing here on the brink of garden, I couldn’t see any yet.
“I must move forward; for sure I am going to experience something unprecedented. The entire day has gone in the same way.”
Wind was blowing mildly and the Sun was still hot. My heartbeat was racing a little, although I did not sweat. Previously I had been to the racing heartbeats on many occasions in life, but this time I knew that it was different. The entire experience since morning had been different. I would have moved merely a few steps ahead, when on the spur of the moment I turned back to the bench. 
~~~
“OH MY GOODNESS!”
Lo! It was a lamppost just behind the bench. Its pole was nearly touching the backrest of the same bench on which I was sitting a moment before. I would have certainly missed this lamppost if all of a sudden I had not turned back to it.
But in very next moment, my thoughts became clouded. “May be this is not one of those important seven. The garden is too big here, how come the important one gets so near to the entrance only?”
I had started moving away from the bench when suddenly thinking that there was no harm at all in checking at least, I came back. 
~~~
THIS LAMPPOST WOULD BE nearly of three men’s combined height. It stood straight but the outer shell of its pole was looking rusting and unmaintained. It was probably the most ignored lamppost standing on the brink of the garden.
I came nearer.
Around the foundation of pole it was all barren soil. There was nothing else except some dried leaves which could have flown to here along the wind. There was no green grass around and nor were there any shrubs or bushes nearby. The lamppost was alone, probably sad. But still, it stood steadfast.
I wanted to touch my first lamppost.
I did. Felt nothing except that of a touch of iron pole. It was rusting but certainly not giving away. It was not beautiful to look at, but it was my first. For a minute, I kept standing by the pole while placing my one hand over it and other on the bench.
I started looking at the pole more carefully.
“It doesn’t however show any engraved letter if I expected it in that way. What would it be trying to mean?” I had leant to check it from the bottom. Round and round around the pole, but there was no message or letter. I stood up and started looking higher, but alas! Before I could see the upper end of the pole, the straight bright sun had pierced my eyes. My baffled sight had turned almost blind for a moment. I walked up to the other side of bench so as to save my eyes from the piercing sun. I looked up again and tried to check. There was indeed something on the upside of lamppost but the momentary flash of Sun was still bewildering my vision. For a moment it had partially disabled me from seeing above any clearly.
I tried looking elsewhere around. But my trouble was still the same. I blinked for several times until I could restore my near-to-natural vision. 
I looked up again. 
~~~
“YES, THAT’S WHAT I thought!” The upper cylinder of pole, which had grown narrower from the foundation, was bending and slanting towards the ground, as if some street light would do. But erected upon it was not a bulb or any otherwise luminous fitting. Instead there was a fairly large wooden board showing up in the likewise style of floodlights in a stadium.
I was at slight unease. The board upwards was inconveniently positioned. As if I had already intuited it, the wooden board was showing something written on it. I was made to raise my head higher than I would have usually liked to.
I stepped up on the bench. Beyond the four sides of wooden board it showed nothing but only and only the bright bluish sky. I could read the large letters engraved on it. For a moment, it looked to me as if the board was hanging from the sky; and I was the only man down under, who had the privilege of reading it.
Standing over the bench, my head up in the sky, I began reading... 


25

Realize Happiness in the Proximity First...
*** 
Realize Happiness in the Proximity First
***
“In many life-scenarios, the important things may rather be in your ‘easy approach’, but beware! Lest you may start thinking inferior of them or even ignore. Count on – how many things you have been taking for granted in life? Check – whether you do not value people only because they do not live far from you? Test – Whether you use to aspire for the materials only until you become possessing them? Many sublime truths of life will always dwell on the fringes; only so as to make you reach there at soonest. Realize your happiness in the proximity first; lest it may not last till you come back empty-handed from the far.”
For a minute I stood lost somewhere else.
The first idea which came after then, was to read the lamppost once again.
~~~
THE WRITING ON WOODEN board had caught upon me. At lightning speed so many things began to flash in my mind. Had I been living only the restless years recently? I used to be quite a joyous person many years before; then happened what? Had I lately started worrying of my family responsibilities too much? Had my family become for me a liability instead of an asset? Was I overworking in the office? Was I over-trying to make out something there? Lately, had I really ever measured my happiness? Or, had I just accepted myself as ‘not-so-happy’ man?
“Oh my goodness! What hack I have been going about?” I shrugged.
I looked up once again. What was written on the board was looking directly pointing at my life. And why not, it was after all my own garden. The words had stricken something within me; and they had not still stopped.
The memoir of my life started uncoiling in my mind. For past few years I had been pushing myself too hard for purchasing a new house; a bigger one; and yes, separate one also. The existing house was relatively small but not insufficient as such for my family. Things were going fairly fine. But still, for past many years I had been doing more work for more money and spending less time with my family; and even lesser to win their love. Every year the prices of new houses would surge by thirty percent and my income would rise always lower than that. This divide was already destined to become wider and wider only. The race was not between the new house and me, but it was between the hare and the tortoise. I was expecting to win only because I was the tortoise. Between the race of new houses’ prices and my earnings, which would stop rising first? Of course it was my earnings; for the prices of houses will keep moving up and up always; whether or not I even take part in the race.
“But in such of a hostile race, haven’t I started missing something really important? I generally use to believe that all what I have to endure in my every bit is for the sake of my family alone, but it is also true that the same family sometimes looks growing a passive rebel against me. They often fret over so many things about me or caused by me; and so do I do about them. We all keep fretting, together and as well as individually. And not only that. On the top of it, I remain the one who agonize the most, being the eldest on my self-proclaimed authority.”
“Oh! I do not know how come this Garden of Life has arrived in my life. Surely it won’t come like this to everybody. The board said –
“...Count on – how many things you have been taking for granted in life? ...”
“I have indeed been on fault of taking my people for granted.”
Then the wooden board said –
“... Check – whether you do not value people only because they do not live far from you? ...”
“Haven’t I been ignoring even my brother as well? Although we live in the same house but both of us have hated to see each other’s face for last three weeks. Why? For what hack of big reason anyway? It was better if the housewives could remain at good terms, but then how come because of this trouble even the true brothers had stopped being at good terms? I am elder to him. Tomorrow only I will call him to my room in a very affectionate and humble voice. I will promise to stand-by him in his life-scenarios of all kinds. I will become loving and most caring towards him, because he is nearest to me in all regards. Three hours here seem to have already passed but he hasn’t come for my help. I haven’t received any call from him, but still I will not get displeased over it. Instead, I will share the responsibility of his faults made between us. I will certainly call him to my room. I know that he will come. He will come because he would also remember the Sheeri.”
Then the board said –
“... Test – Whether you use to aspire for the materials only until you become possessing them?...”
“Ah! Now I get a fair idea of such a trouble in life. I want ‘that’, but when ‘that’ becomes ‘this’, I want another ‘that’. And this has been happening with me in terms of all kinds of things. Oh! What could I do about it but?”
“Hmm...! Probably my life has been taking place in this way because I have been acquiring the materials merely on my impulsive calling, and not as per my thoughtful necessities. And... Honestly, in due course of time I have also been realizing the uninspiring character of such occupied materials. As I really happen to possess things for longer; they become of lesser importance to me. The craze for newness is actually foolish; it’s a curse. I must stop now chasing round and round in the circle.”
And the board finally said –
“... lest it may not last till you come back empty-handed from the far.”
“Oh! No. I will not let it happen. I will cling to my happiness in the proximity first. Happiness can’t have any quantifiable amount of itself; instead it is the amount which we feel about it in our heart. I will not overlook my closer reservoir of happiness. Rather I will bring them even closer.” 
~~~
I HAD COME DOWN from the bench. I didn’t feel awkward for standing over the bench for so long. 
“But, what if I begin to forget this message after joining my usual race of the world again? And what to mention here of my miserable habit of forgetfulness?” I quirked in confession.
“Had I had a piece of paper and pen here, I would have copied the words; but alas!”
In a moment while giving a blind gaze at the lamppost, a new idea struck to me.
“This should work amazing.” At once, my hands reached the pockets of pants and had taken the mobile phone out.
“Oops! I had turned it on the silent mode since morning”, I recalled while glancing at the screen notifications. “But today, better be it silent only.”
Switching the phone camera on, I started taking a focus on the wooden board. It was slightly inconvenient to hold the device in face of awkwardly placed board. Erection style of the board in likewise of stadium floodlights, was not very friendly to shoot over a photo. The bright unfazed sun was not much friendly with phone-camera’s expectations; but still I held the phone upright. There came nothing in the view except the board; for, rest of the scene was only the bright bluish sky and nothing else. I held up my hands steady and just pressed a,
“Click.”


26

“I must walk around. More lampposts must be near about.”
As I walked around a little, I began noticing that the garden was not as bad as it had appeared on the onset. There were small intermittent patches of green grass which couldn’t earlier come across my sight. Or maybe those were reflecting only my elevated psychological state after the first lamppost. In no time soon I had reached a small foot-over bridge which was made across a dried up water body. Having seen a lamppost just on the other side of bridge, I walked on swiftly.
Within a moment, I was right in front of my second lamppost. The pole was similar to the previous one, except the bench was not here. And yes, the styling of wooden board was also familiar. It was identically slanting towards ground, just the way the floodlights would.
Heart pounding, I advanced nearer.
I was at a slight unease once again. This wooden board also was inconveniently positioned for reading by the human eyes. It was little higher, but in the curiosity of reading I did not miss the bench here.
It read,
World is not Bad. It is mix...
***
World is not Bad. It is mix
***
“Sometimes do you abhor your present life and current world? But aren’t those only your own creations? Change things if you want, but beware! To become effective, change must start from yourself. Offending the world, sooner or later will backfire. Instead, think this way – World operates by itself; just the way all parts of a machine operate by themselves when the machine is put to work. Change ‘parts’ for the best; and not the machine itself. World is always best – Best in its mix of good and bad. Do not only ‘choose’ good for yourself, but also choose to become good towards the bad. Make your world bigger – Bigger than your individuality and your family. 
Yes, even this wooden board had read my life perfectly.
Indeed, I had occasionally been abhorring my circumstances whenever they turned unfavorable. And after finding me abhorring my life as a matter of habit, the situations couldn’t stop taking even more unfavorable turns all the times.
“... But aren’t those only your own creations? ...”
Reading the line here was making me realize that I had always escaped from taking up the responsibility. Always, it was the other people, for instance – the mindless Government of the country, the nasty CEO of my company, the unruly maintenance agency of our society houses, the cunning grocers always blaming the surging inflation index, the ever increasing gasoline prices, the milk booth attendant who would always hide the expiry date of eatables and merchandises, and many-many more.
“All these things will really keep on operating by themselves”, I thought. “I can’t change them. I will have to learn surviving amidst their tyranny.”
“But the board is titled as – ‘World is not Bad. It is mix’.”
“Hmm... Indeed it is true. The world is not all bad. Concentrating only upon its bad attributes will trouble at maximum myself alone. Over the years I have found that my 24x7 anxiety over the endless matters has taken toll on my cardiac health and overall fitness as well. 
“Instead what kind of my betterment in the world I should start searching for?”
I read the board again and found the answer.
“... Change things if you want, but beware! To become effective change must start from yourself... ... World is always best – Best in its mix of good and bad. Do not only ‘choose’ good for yourself, but also choose to become good towards the bad. ...”
“May be this has a connection with what people hearsay mostly nowadays – ‘Only positivity in one’s attitude is the key’. Hmm... This second lamppost here in the garden brings for me the great insights. ‘Change’ will bring only the ruins when imposed upon others forcibly; and this is the error which I have been either expecting or practicing for past many years.”
“And also this, it will be the easiest crime to pick good for oneself and leave the bad for others. Ofcourse I cannot pick bad for myself, but at the same time I should also help others in getting good only.”
And the final sentence on the wooden board had stirred me much.
“... Make your world bigger – Bigger than your individuality and your family.”
It reminded me of a particular behavioral attribute of the modern townsmen, to which even myself was no exception. People usually have smaller houses but they adorn those stupendously, from inch to inch. They remain concerned and engrossed only about what lies inside the four walls of their houses. Every evening, in my case too, after returning from work, my own world would start as soon as the door of my home was opened at my knocking. Within the same minute, after I was in, the door would close – so as to say, the world inside the door was mine, and the rest of it remaining outside, was of somebody else. In this way, my world had always been distinct from the world of others; although the people usually claimed that they all lived in the same small world.
“Oh! That’s true. Indeed there must have been some big error. The safer we plan to make our smaller world from inside, the more unsafe it becomes because of our own prejudices confined in it. Inside the house, there live nowadays fewer people than ever, yet they all live only in their individual vanities. And even in such caged world inside the four walls, people don’t yet stop aspiring for the separate rooms and separate lifestyles.”
I glanced over the board once again.
“After understanding the big point here, I feel now encouraged to start participating in the world. Indeed the people have made the heart of their homes even smaller than the buttonholes. I must come out now. There is always so much of life outside. Take for example this Garden of Life itself. Although it looks merely a crude barren landscape, yet it makes something incredible upon me.”
“Indeed, the world is much bigger than I had thought. And I have begun noticing the bigness of world only after I have started realizing the bigger relevance of my individual existence.” 
~~~
IN SUCH GARDEN OF life, there was no one else to witness my alacrity. My fear and prejudice before entering the garden, were now giving way to the superior understanding.
Before I could forget even a single letter of the message, I took out my phone, made upon a camera focus, and,
“Click #2.”


27

Though I had begun feeling little tiresome, but it was no sufficient reason to deter me from looking about my third lamppost.
I restarted roaming around. After walking for some time I reached a high sand mound. Standing on top of it I thought it would be easy to take a spectacular view of the garden.
In a trice, I ascended on it and looked all around.
“This all really needs a great attention”, I had casually remarked this while looking at the familiar barrenness of landscape. But in very next moment I realized that these of my words were indicating in token of the great attention needed by my own life stature itself.
I blushed.
Finding no sight of my next lamppost I came down from the sand mound. Walking farther in an unknown direction, I was feeling surprised that the vastness of Garden and my loneliness there was not haunting me. My mind was still roaming around two previous wooden boards; although my physical body was in search of the third. 
~~~
FROM THE HIGH SAND mound I had come now many hundreds feet away when my gaze fell upon an unusual spot. It was nothing but merely dried and lifeless trunk of a tall tree, which didn’t have on it even a single green leaf or branch. It was astonishingly tall, nearly up to a two story building. The trunk was abruptly tilting towards the ground and it was so because the roots were also dying and giving therefore way to its weight. Given the overall barrenness of garden, this lifeless tree didn’t surprise me much. But what had actually taken me by surprise me was a strange patch of green grass which was spreading on the ground just below the trunk.
It was not a very big patch of grass as such, but it was strange to look at its narrowed breadth and increased length. In accurate terms, it was longer but narrower than a cricket batting pitch. This strange patch, of however small size it was, could yet be said to be the biggest bed of green grass in the garden if there had not appeared another exceptional trouble in it. Throughout the length of the patch, right in middle of it, there was a straight long line of grass blades which had withered away badly. From distance, the entire long patch would look as if been divided in to two parts from the middle. Each part kept lush live greenery, but the middle separating line had remained completely neglected and cursed.
Although I was in hurry of finding the third lamppost, yet my gaze refused to move away from the spot. I started wondering, “What’s that? What has made the grass look like burnt in the middle? Although this might have looked spectacular, but it was not beautiful at all.” 
On careful observation, I began to understand the reason. Actually it was the tilt in the trunk of tree which was responsible for the withering middle line. Width of this line was more or less same with the thickness of trunk itself. The slanting angle of trunk was exactly in east to west direction. Every morning Sun would rise and bless the grass blades in either side of the patch which escaped the shadow of trunk. And since the shadow would never move left or right during the passing of day, the middle separating line had never seen the Sun.
The grass blades on both the sides which received their daily share of sun, had bloomed; and those in the middle long line, which constantly remained deprived of the Sun, had withered.
I felt sad for the things and wanted to help it.
I began looking around for the next lamppost; and lo! It was just nearby.
I flung.


28

My third lamppost stood a little higher than the previous two. As I began reading its title, I understood why it stood higher.
It read,
*** 
Command Your Daily Inspiration
***
“Haven’t you found your treasure of ‘eternal happiness’ in life yet? If so, Oh! Then how will you bloom in life? If you haven’t yet acquainted with the things superior to the countless will-o-the- wisps in world, then how would you realize that you deserved a better life? In Garden of Life it is never a timeout. Start finding your treasure of eternal happiness now. No, you don’t have to search it somewhere outside; but it’s inside you, eternally. If you can’t see it, you need the stimulant of daily inspiration. Command your daily inspiration; because that’s the only shovel which can bring out your own treasure, which remains hidden as of now.
My first thought after reading the boards was, “Without daily inspiration, shall I too wither out the way grass did without the daily sun.”
“And why it is I ‘shall’; maybe I have already started withering. I do not strike nowadays the new ideas the way I used to in my young days. Slowly and silently, life has been turning lethargic. There are too many aspirations but inspirations are none. And what to speak of it, even the aspirations are merely materialistic; and shamelessly they always keep on multiplying. That is why I never get satiated.”
I started reading it again,
“Haven’t you found your treasure of ‘eternal happiness’ in life yet? If so, Oh! Then how will you bloom in life?...”
The very first sentence had increased the curiosity. My tall standing body with straight head looking upward at the board, was perhaps the best posture for reading it further.
I read on. It asked about eternal happiness. It said that everything which was merely part of will-o-the-wisps about the worldly affairs, couldn’t ever become the eternal happiness. All such wisps were only temporary and subject to change. All materialistic joys were impermanent; for they always needed renewals. And in the finality, they all required the replacements as well.
Then I read middle part of the writing,
“...In Garden of Life it is never a timeout. Start finding your treasure of eternal happiness now. ...”
It made the point very clear that I may have been late, but it was not too late. I could start reinforcing my eternal happiness even now; infact the wooden board was insisting the same.
And the latter part of the writing had just humbled me. Not only it had diagnosed the disease, but it had provided the cure as well. It said,
“... No, you don’t have to search it somewhere outside; but it’s inside you, eternally. If you can’t see it, you need the stimulant of daily inspiration. ...”
For a moment, a serious reflection had set in my frame, “Daily inspiration is indeed necessary for a habitual forgetter like me. I never forget the nasty matters, but the good ones I always do. And even though suffering from this ailment for long, how foolishly I have not yet started beseeching its cure.”
‘Indeed, daily Inspiration’ is the word for me. May be I do only littlest but I will never miss on my resolve about this daily activity now. I will read books; meet reformed people; start looking for good mentors; write my own diary; invoke the truest spirituality in me; enhance my sincere keenness about the work and home both; learn about the newest possible innovations and improvements; never stop asking myself the subtle questions; and will always strive my hardest to find the sublime answers for myself and for the others as well.
I will never allow my ‘treasure’ to remain buried forever; instead I will bring it out; I will avail it; I will enjoy it; and yes, I will let others also enjoy it. As long as it is eternal, I don’t have to worry of its depletion. 
I was bearing big smile on my face. I was delighted. I was extremely happy!
And, in a moment, I made,
“Click #3.”


29

“Shouldn’t have all these lampposts fallen in a straight line only?” I was wondering after having failed to see my fourth lamppost around.
“But no! Had they really been so, I would have deprived of many enlightening experiences which I am gaining here while searching for the lampposts.”
“In The Garden of Life, not only the lampposts, but even the ways of reaching them are illuminating.”
I smiled and moved on in search of my next destination. 
~~~
IN THE GARDEN THERE was no specific footway or path as such to walk on. I could walk anywhere in any direction without even knowing my whereabouts. Generally, in the city parks even if the concrete footways were not intentionally made, the way-marks were automatically left by the footsteps of people. Such way-marks could be easily identified on the ground with little or no grass at all on it. But in my garden of life here was no such thing; for neither the ground had much grass on it and nor had anybody ever roamed inside. Here, every direction was a way to walk; and also this, no particular direction was looking particularly inviting as such. I could think of walking anywhere in any direction. And that was only what I was doing.
Walking in nearly aloof state of mind, I was meditating upon the previous three messages. I was feeling like sitting down somewhere and close my eyes for few moments. But perhaps the fourth lamppost was waiting for me too impatiently. I thought of walking on and on, unless I’d find it. Sun was still bright but the wind had become standstill. I had started sweating slightly; but in no way it could deter my inquisitive walk.
In some time I reached my destination. The lamppost was suitably in front of me, but was presenting a little challenge in reaching it. I must be around a hundred feet away from it, when I was examining and wondering about the unevenness of ground and also other many challenges in my way to the lamppost. There were large and cumbersome thickets of bushes everywhere. Some were high and others were set out in pits. There were countless sand-heaps emerging from the ground, over which many thorny shrubs had grown. There looked no clear way of reaching my next message. I thought about intruding from some other side, but as I walked around a little I realized that my difficulty was equally unresolved from all the directions. I looked over to my lamppost. It was steady and undeterred. Soon I realized that this particular section of garden was actually made in form of an island. The ground was raised higher in the center whereas its fringes were like lowering tapers. The lamppost was positioned exactly in the center of fussy land and was cumbersome to reach.
For few minutes I stood puzzled over the way of reaching in, but then my mind suddenly asked,
“How many seconds will those sheep and goats take in reaching there?”
I chuckled and hurried in.


30

I wanted sheep and goats to take part in the race and see who came first.
Flaunting a victorious smile on my face I had reached the high center of ground and touched the pole. Resting my palms on lamppost and huffing a little, I looked down in far from above.
“These thickets and bushes are not as difficult as they look”, I grinned. “And this is how the most intricacies of life look differently from the different standpoints,” I grinned even wider.
In very next moment I became careful about the upcoming message. I looked up. As anticipated, there was again a wooden board slanting upon me in the familiar style. I began reading,
*** 
Find Your Subtlest World
***
“You have got a mind as best as of anybody else whom you can think of; although the final ‘creation of your efforts’ will always depend upon the intermediary ‘creation of thoughts’ which take place in your mind. Choice will always be yours. Will you always engage your mind in thinking about the insignificant events, insignificant objects and insignificant people? Understand here the supreme truth well! Nevertheless you are creation of God but you are a creation of your thoughts also. Elevate your substance. Find your subtlest world hidden in your elevated thoughts; and soon you will find that your outer physical world is nothing but merely a colony of it.”
In every single moment of reading the message, I was saying, “Yes, yes, yes.”
“Yes, I do not doubt the competencies of my mind and my abilities. I have proven things at several occasions in past as well. Looking however upon my depreciated zeal in the recent years, I can say only that – Although I haven’t seen any astonishing result coming out of me, but the fire in my belly is alive, very much alive yet. Indeed my mind is as best as of anybody else whom I can think of.”
And then it said, “...Choice will be always yours...”
“Yes, the choice will never be of anybody else. My mind is under my operation alone. If I am seriously committed, I can indeed rule over it. I can keep myself awaken when the mind feels like sleeping. I can prefer the healthier food when the mind demands for the inferior food instead. I can sternly curb it when my mind may crave the bad habits. I can handle my life-situations better by using my mind wisely. I can refrain from my daily usual bewilderments and instead concentrate the mind over my righteous duties only. I can do away my countless unnecessary quandaries which I habitually nurse all day and night. I can admonish my mind to keep from the countless of vanities, which always cast me down in the end. I should also train my mind thinking about others’ matters from their viewpoint as well, instead of arguing by my bad habit always.”
“Yes, if the choice is always mine, then the result also will be always mine.” I was merrily pledging my new resolve.
And the line which had stirred me most was,
“...Will you always engage your mind in thinking about the insignificant events, insignificant objects and insignificant people? ...”
“Insignificant events!... Hmm... Why would I need to read four newspapers daily? Why am I always seen bickering with wife and children for preferring the TV news channels over the channels of their choice. Last month only I purchased on EMIs a separate TV for myself. Why do I need so much of information always, especially when I am not personally concerned with all of the things in the world? What will I do of Wall Street’s biggest surge of the year, if my life partner has started to prefer taking her dinner in the other room? How come I always remember the last date of filing my income tax return but always miss on becoming the first person to wish my children on their birthday mornings?”
“Insignificant objects!... True... What hack of big business I really make by contemplating so much about 1800 versus 2000 rpm of my car’s engine? Why so much detail, especially when it sounds ridiculous upon me? Why I pay too much attention to only the dead things like my car, my phone and my accessories as well? Past many years why always have I been feeling like running away from home to office and then again from office to home? And not only this. In my search of never ending newness, why am I foolishly impatient to know more about the new restaurants in town, new movies, new garment stores, new perfumes, new electronics and new hill stations? Can I replace all the ‘old’ in my life with the new?
“And insignificant people... Why should I always keep sulking because of the cunning side of my CEO and increase in this way, my own negativity quotient because of him? Why my thoughts will always get tormented by the petty or renowned treacherous people in my society and world? Why shall I always overlook the good people around and concentrate upon the bad ones alone? Why every time a new beautiful girl’s or woman’s smile will strike a string of my heart; especially when it doesn’t mean anything at all? It is entirely my sin and not theirs’; that is the impurity in my heart alone. Why on the social networking sites I always want to make more friends than I can even attend or handle? Why under the influence of my office culture, I have begun replying only the diplomatic answers at my home as well? Why shall I take part in the undeclared rivalry with my colleagues, even though our mutual talks look always sugar-coated? Why I happen to wonder about people for insignificant reasons always?”
In distress, my gaze lifted up to the wooden board once again. I read,
“...Elevate your substance. ...”
“Yes, indeed I will have to work upon the things.”
And the last line was so dramatic,
“...Find your subtlest world hidden in your elevated thoughts; and soon you will find that your outer physical world is nothing but merely a colony of it.” 
“Yes, this is doubtless and a timeless truth. It will indeed be a wasteful idea to continue wailing over the ungraceful matters happening in the world. Instead, I should start searching for my own better world in my own elevated thoughts. Once I reach the state of ever-happiness within myself, the outer world will stop inflicting upon me with its oppressive and negative repercussions.”
Then for a minute, my thoughts suddenly moved out of the garden.
“As soon as I will go back and see the little girl again, I will thank her for bringing me here. It’s now I understand, as to why she said – Not everybody gets a chance of being here.”
A reflective smile passed in my alacrity. In this moment I took out my phone and gave a look at it. I worried, “Oh! Will the phone battery really last? It looks almost finished.”
Without wasting a second, I started taking focus on the wooden board. I tapped the screen and uttered,
“Click #4.”


31

Standing on the center of high ground here, I looked around in search of my upcoming destination. And lo! How lucky I was! My gaze had fallen straight on the lamppost; the one which was far away, as if on the other side of garden. 
While coming down from my erstwhile lamppost, right through the thickets and bushes, I was jesting about the sheep and goats once again.
I started for my next destination.
I would have been glad if the little girl was here to witness my exhilarated pace of walking. I was not overdoing or over-pushing myself but it was coming natural to me. Walking all the way to the distant lampposts was not creating any fatigue. Infact the entire Garden of Life so far has been ‘realistically’ enthralling.
In no big deal of time I was near to my lamppost. But to my utmost surprise, to find what! 
~~~
THIS LAMPPOST WAS RELATIVELY tinier. It stood atleast five to six feet lower than the usual height of other lampposts that I had previously seen. Everything else about this one was however familiar, like upwardly narrowing cylindrical shape of the pole, the identically slanting wooden board on its upper head; but not its height.
Undeterred by the abnormality, I advanced nearer to the lamppost. But as soon as I reached the closest, I was stunned. Yes, it was abnormal in big way.
The reason of shortened height of lamppost was not its pole; but it was a five-six feet deep pit which had been dug in the ground. The pole was standing at bottom of the pit, and this was the reason that the visible height of the lamppost was smaller. Before looking upwards carefully, I began from downwards; in to the pit-hole.
Seeing such a hollow pit here, anyone could tell what it was. Being about nearly two feet in width, six or seven in length and five-six feet deep down, the pit was not looking a freshly dug one.
Although I had clearly understood it to be a grave-hole, yet before looking upwards to the board, I looked around for several times. I was in search of some otherwise reason in order of proving it to be anything else but not the grave-hole.
I couldn’t find around anything except the vast barrenness alone.
Then very next moment, inexplicably although, a certain kind of courage began to fill in my heart. I had stopped fearing, if I started any. I said to myself,
“If it is so, let it be.”
I lifted my gaze straight to the board. It said,
“WHEN WILL YOU DIE?”


32

Impatiently, I read on,
***
When Will You Die?
***
“Whom should you have loved most? Your possessions – Your family – or Your ideologies? No, it is none of the said. But wait! Before coming to know the answer, know here the otherwise subtlest question – Who you are? You are not how you take place in your life, but instead you are how you take place in others’ life. You do not die when you die, but you die when you die in the life of others. Love not your possessions, family or ideologies; instead love others; so that you never stop taking place in others’ life. Live to die never in others’ life. You are not the mortal. Begin now choosing for yourself – The Immortality.” 
~~~
WHETHER I USED TO rear a frightening apprehension about reading of death or even at very idea of it? Yes, I did so earlier, but no longer now. And especially after reading the board; it couldn’t be ever.
I began wondering.
“People are usually afraid of death but they do so basically in vain. If death is really so much inevitable, shouldn’t they rather plan it?”
And that particular line had hit me hard,
“...You are not how you take place in your life, but instead you are how you take place in others’ life. ...”
“It’s nonetheless true. If I take care of my life alone and nothing else, I will indeed stop being alive from the very moment I am dead. But if I touch many other lives, then my life will continue atleast till the time those others continue being alive. And in case if I am able to endeavor something really big in the service of mankind, my life will live as long as lives the mankind itself. There are indeed so many people who because of their goodness in thoughts and deeds can never be forgotten by the human race. They live forever, even if their body perishes.”
And the next line had just swept me,
“...You do not die when you die, but you die when you die in the life of others. ...”
I looked once again in the grave-hole. Understandably the lamppost, which was standing straight and firm inside there, was snatching all the attention from the grave. The lamppost was important and not the grave. The thoughts written on the wooden board were important and not the thoughts in any fearful carping mind.
And the last line could infuse life into any dead mind.
“... Live to die never in others’ life. You are not the mortal. Begin now choosing for yourself – The Immortality.”
Speechlessness had occurred to me. I was wondering about what had favored my destiny to have come across the little girl, and then this Garden of Life as well.
“Had I really died without knowing this truth, I would have surely regretted in my eternity. And there are so many people who die in the same way. Wish, all the people could get a chance to roam in their Garden of Life for once; so that they would not regret for having to die without knowing the truth before.”
Fearing the battery would have gone dead, I took out the phone from pocket. No, it was working. I took no time in carrying out the job, which was,
“Click #5.”


33

I had now only two more lampposts remaining.
Once again I was making rounds on my heels. It was becoming difficult to wait for the upcoming. By this moment I must have walked only a few feet away when all of a sudden, I noticed that a small flock of blue sparrows had flied just above my head.
It was the first time I had seen any bird in my garden. A brief smile came across my face.
“But isn’t it very unusual that I didn’t see any bird earlier here; infact I hadn’t thought about any?”
Then again a few more sparrows flew over me and went in to the same direction. I turned curious. I stepped over a nearby rock and began seeing. There was something on the other side of far sighted trees. Flying in rounds, there were many birds, infact of many kinds. My curiosity increased. I began following in the direction impatiently.
“How come this was away from my view so far? Oh! That is really so beautiful.” I kept on walking. 
~~~
WITHIN ONLY FEW MINUTES I was standing in face of a high mount cliff which was entirely made of the ground sand. On the side-walls of the downfall of it there were the countless of bird-holes. Those were indeed countless; and so were the playful birds flocking around them. Many birds would enter in some of the holes and then many others would come out from the others. Some time it would seem like all the birds were entering in the holes and none coming out; and some other time it would look like all were coming out, but without anyone getting in. There were many sparrows, besides the blue ones; and there were many birds, besides the sparrows.
“Certainly all these bird-holes must be interweaved from the inside”, I thought. The playfulness of the little creatures was spectacularly unique in the garden. Enjoying their sport, I had also forgotten for a minute as to where I stood and for what purpose?
~~~
“OH! THE SUN HAS started tilting to the other side of horizon. I must hurry up.”
I gave a look at the birds, as if it was my last. But the very moment I turned my face, Lo! My sixth destination had fallen in my sight. It was right beside the other end of the cliff. It stood straight, just like the cliff itself.
I kept looking at the birds until I had reached my sixth lamppost.


34

Nearing towards the lamppost, everything looked familiar, except the words written on the wooden board. I began reading,
*** 
Master Your Work and Live Fearlessly 
***
“Mastering your work is your ‘element’ and living an audacious life is your ‘essence’. Both are complimentary to the each other. If you think that you do not love what you work, then you should work what you love. But if you cannot confidently know as to what you love, then you should love what you work. Either which way, whenever your love and your work will unite, you will become the master. Now know about the – Fearlessness. Fearlessness is the spine of greatest life. It comes – with austerity, which is the economy in life ways; with simplicity, which is deliverance from the hypocrisy; with humility, which should always come coupled with the self-empowerment; and forgivingness, which is relief from all hostilities.”
Reading these particular lines had pressed me hard,
“...If you think that you do not love what you work, then you should work what you love. But if you cannot confidently know as to what you love, then you should love what you work. Either which way, whenever your love and your work will unite, you will become the master. ...”
I thought of myself, my colleagues, many friends and acquaintances as well who were working in many corporate offices merely to make out a living, and nothing much. But this also has been the truth that they were actually happening to make out merely a living and nothing much. Nobody was thinking about uniting his or her love with his or her work. And then in the lives of all, there would start an endless series of dejections, regrets, negative outlooks and uninspiring tales. None of us had loved our workplace. We were all happening to work there only because we had studied in some colleges or universities, and then we had correctly answered the questions which were asked in the recruitment interviews. The companies would hire thousands of people daily and thousands others would get fired every day. Thousands of people would join the new jobs; and again the other thousands would resign from their posts.
I was not sure if I was congruous in doing so or not, but for a second, I had begun correlating all this with the erstwhile scene of thousand birds coming in and out from the bird-holes. It was all sport and nothing else. Onlookers would always enjoy; and so would enjoy the people and companies too. It was indeed a sport; the sport of birds and the bird holes.
Yet again, I didn’t want to miss the other side of the story. There always happened to be few other people as well, who became the backbone of their distinguished functional systems. These used to be the people who were dependable, because they didn’t know anything better other than their work. Organizations would always love such of their people. They would always like to retain them, respect them, and even reward them. Such people would never miss to carry big pride in their hearts.
And all this could have happened only because such people had united their work with their love. It mattered no longer to them whether they were working what they loved or they were loving what they worked. For such people, having become masters of their duties, both these factors had become one and the same only.
I read on further,
“...Fearlessness is the spine of greatest life. It comes – with austerity, which is the economy in life ways; with simplicity, which is deliverance from the hypocrisy; with humility, which should always come coupled with the self-empowerment; and forgivingness, which is relief from all hostilities.”
I had fair idea of what was meant by these lines. If I was living under several kinds of fear, then I would be living nothing else but merely an admixture of financial worries, hypocrisies, over-dependences and the hostilities. A life clouded by so many problems couldn’t remain to be a life; infact it became something else. Financial worries would bring into life only the mismatches between the aspirations and perspirations. Hypocrisy would bring only the ridicule upon oneself. Over-dependence would always make one helpless. And hostilities would always lead to the bankruptcy of mutual trust amongst people. If there existed so many self-created adversities, then how could a fearless life become possible?
I read the last sentence of wooden board for third time now. I was totally spellbound.
“Answers reside therein only. It’s Austerity, Simplicity, Humility and Forgivingness.” 
~~~
DEEP REFLECTION OCCURRED TO me.
“Austerity! Certainly it shall be different from the stinginess. If I cannot bring a sensible economy in my own and my family’s spending habits, I must be ready to pay the price in future with something even dearer than money. It could be my security, my peace of mind or even my health.” 
“Simplicity is what we have instead begun hating nowadays. We all want exclusivity at any cost. Oh! There are more than one billion people in this country. This exclusivity, in whichever way we may try bringing it to ourselves, but the same will remain a day-dream only. Simplicity is possible. Why should we crave becoming different from the others when we can very much enjoy in being akin and being in harmony with them.”
“Humility! I can now understand this virtue as well. As long as I would scream out my superiority upon others, they will argue and might even contest against me. Using too much stick on people will make them rebel; and if it is used persistently too hard upon them, it will turn people into cattle; of hardly any use at all. Humility, as per the wooden board, when coupled with the self-empowerment, will do the miracles. It will re-transform the cattle into the potency of people; and the people, in to the miraculous ones.”
“Forgivingness! I could have fought against the entire world if were a king. Or maybe even then I couldn’t have done the same very effectively; for many similar aspiring kings have already failed in the history. Whether or not my people come to know this about themselves, it’s me who always remembers their hostilities and offences. And in the same way, whether or not I remain consciously aware of my faults, but my people would always remember my hostilities and offences. I am not sure if I would be able to bring peace for everyone, but surely I can begin doing so by bringing peace for myself first; and that is possible only by observing the virtue of forgivingness.”
“And when I will observe all the four virtues in my days, I will live the best life, the greatest life; the fearless life.” 
~~~
THE WHOLE NEW LESSON was really so much precious. Each and every detail was mystic. Every word of it was so important that it must have been recorded somewhere.
In the backdrop of my mind however, the emptying phone battery was creating some anxiety. I feared, “What if...”
I took out the phone worriedly. 
“Oh, that’s nice but!”
By lightning speed, I made,
“Click #6.”


35

I looked up in the sky and felt so good about it. There looked nothing – no cloud, no bird. I lifted my chin even more upwards, and then a little more. Indeed the sky was bluish and beautiful. It was so big; yet it could be seen in its entireness within my small eyeballs only.
Pointing my chin straight up to sky, I started making circles on my heels.
Oh! For a moment there had remained nothing in the world, except me and the sky. I may have surely watched the sky for thousands times in life, but never in this way. While being in that unique feeling there survived no one in the eternity, except only two of us; me and the sky.
“If the sky is said to be all hollow, then what’s that my eyes are falling upon in this moment?”
Maybe I had asked myself an impossible question. I began looking down. Again, only the familiar scene was around; a landscape which was near to barren and the one which I had known as my Garden of Life. Looking in all directions I revolved and turned around many times. Yes, it was more or less the same; unkempt and barren from all the sides. 
“How come, even though this garden is deserted, I feel like home here? I do not find a company here but then how come, I do not feel any loneliness either? The words written on the wooden boards should have gone bombarding upon me, but how come that they have instead infused a kind of positive energy in my mind?”
Probably I was able to intuit all the answers in my contemplation.
In aloofness of the moment, I looked over a nearby thicket and moved on. My mind was still engrossed in what was about to come up.
“Yes, it will be seventh and the LAST one now.”


36

“Oh! It seems like I have come a big circle only.”
Such were my startling thoughts after getting too much unpleasantly surprised by what had suddenly come in my sight. Not much far away it was the same high mount wall, hiding on the other side of which was the large timber entry gate. I had reached from where I had started.
“But how can my journey get over in this way? Seventh lamppost is unmet yet.”
In perturbation I stopped and began to look around. I was anxious for the missing lamppost. Although I had faith about seeing that, yet the sight of my exit from the garden was perplexing. I was restlessly fidgeting from one hollyhock to the other. Except in the direction of timber gate I was trying to reach every possibility of lamppost in all directions.
Apart from this, two more things were worrying me in the moment – the humbling Sun of evening and my phone battery. Luckily, my efforts of finding the last lamppost would have entirely gone futile if I had not seen around the high mount wall more carefully this time. This wall was not completely straight in line; rather it was in-folding at its other end. Across the in-fold of wall there was probably a corner which was hiding from my view taken from here.
“It doesn’t appear to be any good idea to go back in the interiors of garden and look about for the seventh lamppost there. Let us look in the ‘proximity’ first.”
I smiled on myself for uttering the ‘proximity’ word and moved towards the hidden in-fold corner of the big wall. As the spot was coming nearby, my heart started pounding. I knew, this could be the best, because this was my last.
Within a moment I was in face of my biggest surprise about the garden. Across the in-fold corner of wall, it was quite a small but the most astonishing spot in the garden. From inch to inch, the place was lusciously green and astoundingly beautiful. It had everything which I had been missing in my garden of life so far. In flowers, chiefly were there the lilies and jasmine. One hollyhock was luring with its low hanging berries. There was a small tree as well, hanging from the braches of which, were the bunches of litchi. Some blue sparrows were watching from above the varied sports of squirrels as being played on the ground. Over a secluded small hiding in corner there were many hard brown rocks, from the midst of which a small stream of water was flowing down and disappearing somewhere underneath. And spread all over the ground, it was nothing else but a kingly carpet of lush green grass.
This corner looked to me as if completely isolated from the rest of the garden. I confidently intuited that my last lamppost would be near-about only. I looked above the hard brown rocks, and yes, I was right.
But this lamppost was quite different and unique. All around its pole and till its fullest height, many green creepers were covering it so densely that the pole had become altogether invisible. Even around the wooden board the creepers were not stopping. Here from ground, the wooden board was looking as if wearing some cosmic green crown.
For a minute I had forgotten even to read.


37

Reading occurred to me in a moment. I began with my last lamppost,
*** 
The Supreme Knowledge 
***
“Know here, beyond which nothing remains to be known. Know, because without knowing this you will remain ever incomplete. The Supreme Knowledge is – “You are not you; you are the fragment of God; therefore unless you finally meet with God, you don’t meet your finality”. Real God dwells in your Self. Self is the existing you, but devoid of your ego favoring ‘I’, ‘me’ and ‘mine’. When you will permanently detach your ego from your body, you will realize the Self. There will remain no ‘You’, but only the omnipresent God, right within your Self. It’s then you will start enjoying the world as much as does the God always. Hence, realize Self, realize God; become Self, become God.” 
~~~
I WAS SPELLBOUND, SPELLBOUND and only spellbound.
The wooden board had asked me to forget my individuality. It was insisting to know God differently from how I had been knowing Him in life. It said that I will have to forget ‘I’, ‘me’ and ‘mine’. It said that I have to detach my ego from my body.
I wanted to read again, but quite meticulously this time.
Oh! Did it really say – “Know here, beyond which nothing remains to be known. ...”
Oh! Did it say – “...Know, because without knowing this you will remain ever incomplete. ...”
And that line in particular,
“...You are not you; you are the fragment of God; therefore unless you finally meet with God, you don’t meet your finality. ...”
“Isn’t this the same what is preached by all religions of the world?”
“I am not merely ‘I’; I am superior, much beyond how I look in my body. Oh! If I think I will cease to exist in the very moment I die, then I am wrong. If I am a true fragment of God, I will not die. This is what was preached by my fifth lamppost also. Even here it says that my finality is destined to submerge only in the God.”
“Oh! I can recall now the great metaphor which I read somewhere recently. It said, either it be a miniscule wavelet or a river, as long as they will rejoice in their individualities, they will continue getting afraid of the ocean. But the very moment they accept themselves being nothing but a part of the ocean itself, both will stop living in fear. Instead, those will now live in the enjoyment of meeting their finality; the finality of submerging in the ocean. A wavelet will remain ever happy about becoming the ocean soon and so will the river.”
And further it said,
“...Real God dwells in your Self. Self is the existing you, but devoid of your ego favoring ‘I’, ‘me’ and ‘mine’. When you will permanently detach your ego from your body, you will realize the Self. ...”
“I always wanted to see God because I always had so many questions to ask and many prejudices also to solve through Him. It’s only the same reason why everybody in world wants to meet God. No one wants God Himself but people want through Him their answers and troubleshooting alone. They never admit the reason behind their prejudices to be themselves only. They look for everyone else outside but not inside themselves. This is how people always remain deprived of God; for they all keep searching for Him in all directions, but not in their hearts.”
“Even my own questions and prejudices have always been about my individuality and about the prestige of my worldly existence. No wonder that largely all such bewilderments have remained unresolved till date, or even intensifying in many cases. True, unless I can clean up and vacate my heart from my smaller ‘I’, ‘me’ and ‘mine’, it won’t make room for my bigger Self there.”
“And Oh! Did the board really tell me that how will I truly meet God?” I wondered while reading the lines once again,
“...When you will permanently detach your ego from your body, you will realize the Self. There will remain no ‘You’, but only the omnipresent God, right within your Self. ...”
“Probably, this lamppost wants me to become an ascetic. It insists on throwing away all of my inclinations about ego. It says there will remain no ‘me’ but only the omnipresent God. Does it really mean that I shall become a monk? Does it say, I shall stop living in my house and start in the caves?”
I was probably frightened, but not after I had read further.
“...It’s then you will start enjoying the world as much as does the God always. ...”
As I read this line, my all fear was going away.
“It puts the answer remarkably well. I need not renounce the world for becoming happy. Instead, I need to enjoy it the way God does.”
“God must certainly be laughing over the foolish inclinations of people, or maybe He would sympathize with them. But for sure He would not feel glad for the irrationalities in the worldly perceptions of people. Hmm... This is how I should feel of it.”
“For the most powerful oneself like God, this entire fascination taking place in the worldly congregation, must be feeling nothing but merely as a sport. Probably He Himself would also take part in such sport sometimes. No doubt, He would enjoy it the most; and this is so because it’s one and only He who understands this sport in the entireness of it.”
“This lamppost ofcourse wants me to understand this sport of world in its entireness; the very same way as does the God. It wants so because only then I can overcome the unprecedented hurdles in my way. When I will start enjoying the world, I will stop becoming a victim of it. This thought is indeed the best instrument of getting rid of the worldly sufferings and pain.”
And it says at last,
“...Hence, realize Self, realize God; become Self, become God.”
The wooden board had correctly mentioned it in the beginning – “Know here, beyond which nothing remains to be known.”
“This Garden of Life is really so much wishful about seeing my elevation in life. It wants my supreme beneficence in both the worlds – Physical and metaphysical as well.” Lost in numerous thoughts, I was feeling indescribably serene and unruffled. 
~~~
MY SEVENTH LAMPPOST LESSON was over. I didn’t want to go. I wanted to stay in my Garden of Life for longer.
But I also knew that I had to go. It was little girl waiting outside for me. Only because of her I could have reached here. I clearly remembered when she had said, “Not everybody gets the chance of being here”.
As I began to move out from the in-fold corner, my gaze fell upon the lilies, jasmine and berries.
Smilingly, I took a few and put in my shirt’s pocket.
But oh!
Before I could have made a mistake in the forgetfulness of the moment, I took out my phone.
I smiled on it as if I already knew it. Pressed a button... and Yes, the battery was live yet.
I came back a couple of feet, moved up my head, made a focus upon wooden board, and instantly...
“Click #7.”


38

Just about the timber gate, while exiting through the brief staircase, my gaze fell on the marble slate again. It was all familiar, yet I read it again.
“Who will welcome you to The Garden of Life when it is your own garden only? You are not a guest here, but you are the host. You do not visit here, but you reside here; everyday. The garden from inside must not strike awe upon you, because it is how you have made it yourself. Go inside and see what you have been up to it. And also check there the seven lampposts, on top of which you’d read, what you can still make out of it.”
The entire experience of The Garden of Life flashed in my mind. This marble slate was sounding here as being my final lesson instead of the first.
Reading its last line again and again, I couldn’t stop nodding my head. I wanted to see little girl at soonest. Probably I wanted to know more about her.
And then...
without wasting a minute...
...before the battery could have finally drained..., I made,
“Click #Final.”


39

Standing outside the timber gate now I looked around for little girl.
In no time she came across my sight. Towards my right side across the lane there were a couple of big size trees, sitting under the dense shadow of which she was busy doing something. She was crouching on the ground while showing her back towards the gate of garden. Leaning her head forward, it appeared to me from distance that she was rolling her hands on the ground. Her stick was however lying aside.
“She must be playing with sand. Let’s see which castle she has made of it.” Very smilingly I moved towards her. I had planned of surprising her in a childish way, hence I was making my moves intentionally quiet.
As I neared towards her a little more, I overheard her humming something. Certainly it was the same song which I had not understood anytime before during the day.
“She must be unaware of my presence. Let me go even nearer and try understanding the ‘little hymns’ of the little girl.” My smile in that moment had become very affectionate.
Standing merely a few feet behind, my ears comprehended her words clearly this time.
Her lisping voice was magically cute...

“Let’s play together
any will win
let’s laugh together
both will din
If you run away
I will catch
though you look so different
we have no match”

She repeated the lines. I thought she was pointing at me. Relating her words to myself I heard it again,

“Let’s play together
any will win
let’s laugh together
both will din
If you run away
I will catch
though you look so different
we have no match”

My laughter just broke out.
She turned back to me. I saw her eyes again; the blue ones like diamonds.
“Oh! You have come.” She smiled.
I nodded.
“Come here. Come here.”
I knew she `was about to show me her new castle made of sand. I hurried.
“Look! She is not taking milk.”
Ah...! It was not any sand castle but a very small puppy looking over to the face of little girl. There was a clay bowl nearby which was half filled with the milk. But puppy was looking uninterested in it.
Looking from behind I couldn’t have earlier seen the puppy because little girl was almost hiding it in her lap. My smiles couldn’t stop when she complained it again,
“Look! She is not taking milk.” 


40

“Hold it.” 
Without asking for my consent, little girl had now dropped the puppy in my lap. “Its name is Baby Puppy. And it is my best friend you see! Hold it.”
In next moment, I was holding a puppy in my hands. My smiles were not stopping at all. For me it was not the first time.
I was willing to talk about the Garden, but little girl was once again up to her own terms only. She waved her stick in the air and started walking.
From some twenty steps ahead she turned back at me and commanded in her typical style,
“Come!”
~~~
THIS TIME, ALTHOUGH I was not walking as playfully as she, but I was neither limping at all to match my pace with her.
“Let’s reach some Banyan tree fast.” She pointed her stick towards one of the trees in far.
I kept on following. I had many curiosities about her but probably she had none about me. Little girl was as playful as ever. Before I could speak about any of my curiosities, she said,
“Look! Do not drop the puppy down, else she will run away from you.”
Oh! She had just alerted me about the little creature which I was holding in that moment. She was again ahead of me while I was anxious for her attention. My mind was full of questions about her and also about The Garden of Life.
I looked up. Sun had started dimming a little.
Then all of a sudden, she stopped and turned back at me.
“It was the REAL garden, wasn’t it?” 
My gaze turned astonished. But I nodded only with a smile.
She smiled back and resumed her walking.
“You know what”, she continued speaking from ahead, “before you came I was teaching my Baby Puppy a song.”
I looked at puppy in my hands. It was looking over to my face. This moment was so innocent.
“Which song?” I asked her.
She began,

“Let’s play together
any will win
let’s laugh together
both will din
If you run away
I will catch
though you look so different
we have no match”

“Oh! Was it for the puppy also?” My laughter broke out once again.
She also laughed.
Suddenly again she stopped, turned back at me and asked,
“Are you happy?”
I nodded.
Again after a moment, she had interrupted her humming to say,
“This is how my village is.”


41

In no matter of time we had reached now a Banyan tree. Its trunks were astonishingly big. Aside to it were many thickets and bushes, where most of them were so dense that they won’t allow one to look on the other side.
The little girl hurled and sat down on the platform around the tree.
“Give.”
I handed over the puppy to her.
“You should take full milk,” she warned puppy, “else, how will you grow?”
Puppy looked over to her face again.
“Oh my baby puppy! Milk is always good. Go back to your home now. I will bring you the dinner. Ok!” She had gently put down the puppy on ground when it just ran away.
This moment prompted my reminding of the old days once again, “...but not faster than my Sheeri...”
Here the little girl had again caught my childish smile. We both laughed gaily, trying to read something from the eyes of each other.
Then suddenly, I was reminded of something else. I asked the girl as if I was imitating her lisping style only,
“If you are hungry?”
Probably awestruck, she looked in to my eyes for a second and then laughed out very loud.


42

May be it left her wondering, but all of a sudden I had hastened towards the nearby thickets in search of something.
It didn’t take me more than a minute when I had found a banana tree there. I plucked off a big fresh leaf and came back with it.
She was busy as usual; striking her stick at the trunk while making rounds of it in her playful run.
I came and sat down on the ground just below the platform. Although she knew that I had come; she kept on being busy with her stick.
I put the banana leaf over platform carefully. Then I poured my fingers in my shirt’s pocket.
I took out all the berries, lilies and jasmine; and had put them over the leaf now.
“Look, what I have brought for you!”
She came in at once. “Wherefrom you got those?” Seeing the fruits and flowers she asked with surprise.
“From The Garden of Life.”
She bit a berry. “Oh! This is so sweet.”
After eating a couple of more, she asked, “Did you take any?”
“Not yet.”
“Take.” She put rest of the fruits in my hands.
Sitting below this altar like platform here and receiving fruits from the little girl above was an ineffable moment for me. I felt as if my day was made good; infact in the best way ever.
I ate one berry and put the remaining back in the pocket.
“These lilies are so beautiful. Did you bring those for me?”
“Yes, I did.” My voice began chocking.
“And the Jasmine?” She asked in the same fraction of moment.
Tears were about to well up in my eyes. I only nodded.
After a silent moment she said, “You care about me so much, isn’t it?”
I couldn’t say or react any. She might have read my eyes.
Then she looked at me the way a mother would see upon her child. She said again,
“You love me so much, isn’t it?”
I could only say,
“Ever.”


43

While I was trying my hardest to not burst in tears, the little girl just laughed at me gaily. She folded the banana leaf twice while keeping all the flowers inside it. 
~~~
“NOW YOU MUST GO.” All of a sudden she stood up on the platform.
Awe-stricken but I couldn’t speak a word.
“See! Sun is going down fast. You must go.”
My throat had chocked. I also stood up. I knew it; she was always at her own terms only.
“Come, I will show you the way.” She had brilliantly comprehended even the upcoming trouble of mine.
As I prompted to follow her, she jumped down from the platform. Penetrating apart the dense bushes by her stick she was now sneaking in to the other side. I stood clueless.
She jumped across. Waving her stick in the air and inviting me from the other side of bushes, she asked, 
“Shall we move now?”.
I moved towards her but only to find another big surprise of the day. I couldn’t believe it,
“Oh my goodness! Isn’t this really the same Banyan tree, on the other side of which my car had gone stationary? Yes, yes, its trunks are indeed as big as elephant. And here is a platform around it as well.”
The very next moment, even before the dumbfounded me, it was little girl peeping in to the engine bay of my car.
“Oh! Had I left the bonnet lid open only?” I chuckled in great surprise.
I too began peeping inside. The riddle was yet the same – red, blue or the yellow ones?
Fixing her gaze on the wires, said she,
“Now you must go.”


44

Perhaps she knew that I was still hesitating.
“Your car is so good, or isn’t it?” Looking at my shining car, she asked.
Unthoughtfully, I nodded. 
“Your car is good. Go now.”
“But, you know”, I hesitated, “I mean, the engine had stopped working since morning.”
“Oh!” She shared my grief.
“Probably, I needed a mechanic”, I said.
“Mechanic! What is that?” Little girl asked innocently.
I didn’t reply any.
“What is that mechanic? Is that better than my stick?” She waived the stick above her shoulders as usual.
About my delay in responding to her, she was probably thinking of me getting dumbfounded. 
She repeated, “Your car is good. Go now.”
I intuited as if she was forcing upon me to check whether the car was doing well or not? I looked at her stick. She smiled; so did I.
I dropped down the bonnet and had come now inside the car. In next moment I was rolling down the windows.
In curiosity she had rushed in for looking about from outside, as to how did I operate the car. 
~~~
AS I TURNED ON the key,
Lo and behold! It started. Oh! Indeed the car had started.
Looking from outside, she was smiling and flaunting her eyebrows upon me. Waving her stick as usual, she gagged in fun,
“I said it. It’s no ordinary stick you see! It works many.”


45

“Check, does it run?” She insisted.
I engaged a gear and moved a bit. 
I nodded.
“Check, does it run fast as well? She insisted again.
Down side the road, probably this filthy ground here was no good place to test the car in full.
She had read my mind as usual. “Take it on the road”, she commanded, “and come back from the next turn. It’s not very far from here.”
I didn’t know why, but I was feeling very reluctant. 
Finding me delaying, she insisted pressingly loud,
“GO.”
I had floored the pedal. In only few moments the car was talking to the winds. By habit my gaze fell on the tachometer to check the rpm, but in very next moment I shrugged off. I looked out from the windows; the Sun was about to set. 
It was then I realized that I had spent here the whole day. Now the car was doing wonderful and I was all cheerful about it. Bearing smiles on my face, I started getting lost in many thoughts and experiences of the day. 
~~~
“OH, LITTLE GIRL MUST be waiting.” I just began to look for a u-turn and very soon I found one. I was pushing the car even harder to reach quicker. On the way-back it was taking me impatiently longer to find another u-turn for returning to the same place.
For unknown reasons my anxiety began increasing.
I took a u-turn again and pressed the pedal hard. But soon I had to slow down. It was not easy to find the same spot again, especially when the Sun was dimming by every passing minute.
Lastly, I found the spot and the Banyan tree as well. But oh! 

Little girl was missing.
I maneuvered car down the road; came off it; hurried to see her around.
But she was still missing.
I made a full circle of Banyan tree platform. There was nothing, not even that twin folded banana leaf.
My heart started sinking.
I rushed back towards car; looked around; but of no use at all.
I sped through the nearby hollyhocks and barbs; but of no use again.
Suddenly then...
I touched my shirt’s pocket. It was not empty. I saw in to; it had the berries.
But that wasn’t enough.
I rushed in to the interiors of mustard farms. But now there was no any straight footway about. In anticipation of one, I walked more, more and even more. I didn’t feel any aching leg while even running for several minutes. My mind was not free at all to think about anything else except the little girl. I didn’t know if I ran a mile or two, or even more.
I went till the farthest I could go. I had made several rounds on my heels. There was nothing around but only the greenish-yellowish mustard farms on my left; and Alas! On my right as well. 
“Here on my right side, it should have been the village; typically just how a village looks in the childhood books? Why is it not here now?”
I was too much shocked, as if I had been robbed.
“And oh! Where has gone that well of sweet water as well?”
To the farthest my eyes could reach I saw nothing but the mustard farms only.”
“Then what was all that?”
I just broke down.
“Where will I find my little girl again?”
In an inconsolable state, I had knelt in to the ground.
“Oh my little girl! Oh my little girl!”
Tears poured through my cheeks.
“I just failed to make out the real of you. I couldn’t recognize.”
“I knew who you truly were, but couldn’t speak up that.”
“Oh my little girl! Come again for once. For once only please.”
My loss was irreparable. There was nobody to hear me.
“How shall I forgive myself for losing your sight in this way?”
“Oh my little girl! Come back. Come back please.”
My fingers were covering my lips in extreme grief. I was exhaling warm wet blows from my mouth. Grief-laden, I was fidgeting here and there relentlessly; but finding none, except alone the greenish-yellowish mustard farms on my left, right, forward, backward and everywhere else.
And suddenly then...
A thought strike...
“Oh! And what about The Garden of Life...?”
I looked around all over again. But the sight of mustard farms was ever the same.
“Did I lose that too?”
“Oh God! Have mercy on me. I feel so helpless.”
“It was my Garden of Life. Infact it was a Garden of My Life. How can I lose that? It was mine.”
My tears were not stopping at all. I was feeling nothing, neither my mind nor my body. I was aloof. I was in a zero-moment. I was action-less, thought-less and probably life-less too.
“But...Oh!”
Suddenly I had become active in my frame.
“But it was not all a dream. It was real.” I was valiantly challenging myself.
“No, I mean it. It was all real.”
Hastily I took out the phone from my pocket. Even before giving any glance to it...
“Oh! You damn battery? You get nothing here betraying me.”
For a second I had closed my eyes. I filled my breath with the trust and faith which I had realized in my little girl. I reopened the eyes, pressed a button on the phone...
“And yes.” The screen had lit.
I didn’t even check the battery level; who the hack got the time for it.
By speed of light I was swiping the screen.
I tapped on the ‘photo gallery’.
“Oh! God has saved me.” I consoled myself in an indescribable relief.
The first photo image on the phone screen was that of marble slate.
I kept on swiping the screen.
“Next.”...... “Next.”......
“Next.”...... “Next.”......
It had all the photos. Yes, all of them; eight in total.
My gaze stopped on the last photo which was the first wooden board – “Realize Happiness in the Proximity First”.
I looked about this image meticulously. I could read out the engraved letters clearly, I could see the wooden board as well. But apart from that there was nothing at all to be seen in the clicked images. Beyond four sides of the board, it showed only the bright bluish sky and nothing else.
I checked again to become doubly sure. Yes, it had all; all the eight.
And just then, the screen light of the phone was gone.
I kept sitting in the sand. Slowly but in a steady way, some kind of a divine reflection had started taking place in me.
I was reciting my resolve. I knew that the little girl would be hearing it anyway.
“I will never be away from my Garden of Life. It is not here; for here are only the mustard farms and nothing else. The Garden of Life will exist in my memories. It will exist in my heart. It will exist in my soul.”
“And if I ever tend to forget my garden, these clicked images shall never let me. I will read my lampposts again and again, as many times as I want, and at any place of my wish. My Garden of Life will never be far from me.”
Tears were now drying off from my cheeks. I stood up and started back towards the road. The Sun had nearly set now.
As I reached, I looked up at the Banyan tree and then at the platform as well.
I took out two more berries from my pocket and put them on the platform.
In the witness of the wind, water, earth, ether and fire, I spoke to the Banyan tree,
“Tell Her whenever She comes back to you that I will not stop coming here again and again. I have known the real God because of Her. She cannot move out of my sight in this way. I will keep coming back. She will have to meet me again. I have not yet talked to Her all about myself. Yes, I have found all the answers in Her village here, but I have so many things yet to know beyond the questions. I love my Little Girl so much. Tell Her whenever She comes back to you.”
I sat in the car and turned on the key.
I rolled my fingers over shirt’s pocket. A few berries were still there. Before moving, I waved from the window, 
“See You God.”




Epilogue
Since that miraculous day, I have never stopped travelling the same road every month. I commence every time from home on the pretext of going to the mountain of God; yes the same, in circle of which people use to walk barefoot. I have stopped now looking at the RPM meter as well. And I have stopped doing many other unnecessary things too.
While driving down every month, even if some time I may run a chance of missing the spot in the spur of the speed; that familiar large banyan tree anyway happens to stop me in the mid way.
On my very next following pilgrimage to that Banyan tree, the first thing I checked was the two berries which I had put down last time on the platform. Berries were missing; and nor was I expecting them to be there.
Mustard fields have befriended me now. Soiled footways around the green farms spoil my well polished shoes always, but I know this too, they just happen to play with me in this way. Do the toddlers ever think about putting off their shoes before jumping in to their mother’s lap? Clothes nevertheless get dirty. So it is pointless to worry about the insignificant things and miss upon the significant ones.
I have not however seen my beloved Little Girl again. I miss her beyond I can explain. Often my eyes become moist in her reminiscence. But those tears are joyous and are made of matchless ecstasy. Sometimes while trotting down the interiors of mustard fields, I intentionally throng my feet in to a mud pit and soil my pants. I pretend kvetching as well, but alas! I do not hear again the laughter of Little Girl from behind.
Nor have I seen The Garden of Life again. But here at home, I have printed the photo cards of all the lamppost messages. I have made a small album of them and always keep it around. People get suddenly curious about this album. They pick it and even without reading its folios, they put back down in the same minute. Sometimes I watch people’s reactions about the album animatingly. They just look uninterested. But then I say to myself, “Surely they haven’t been to ‘The Garden of Life’ yet.” I pray God, may He give them also a chance of making their own album like this. I never hide my album from the people, but nor do I ever try to convince anyone about my miraculous pilgrimage of the other day.
Interestingly further, my car has never broken down after that. And nor has it ever seen a mechanic in relation to the suspected fault around the colorful wires under bonnet. Hack, leave it all. Then after I have never been paying much attention to the car; for I have found so many other things now in life, which require my attention rather urgently.
But lately, one great thing has started happening to me. The Little Girl has started talking to me in my dreams. And you know what! She hasn’t grown up any at all. She is as little till date.
She is ever the same; the ditto same as I once found her on the other day. And in my dreams, she has neither stopped waving her stick above her shoulders any time.


###


Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won't you please take a moment to write me a small review at your favorite retailer?

Thanks!
Sudhir Mittal


About the Author


Sudhir Mittal has devoted his life for writing about the usefulness of spirituality into our modern life belief-systems. His popular works include 'See You God' (a novel), 'Life will Smile at You' (an anthology), 'Lead Like A Master' (for organizational workers), and 'The Secret World on the Other Side of Mind' (a grand fable about a Himalayan master).

Sudhir Mittal was born in 1978 in a small town Ballabhgarh, around 25 miles in southern inroads from Delhi. He started his writing career in early 2012 and came out with seven books in the following year and half. Earlier to his writing career, he had worked as Assistant Vice President in a corporation headquartered in Gurgaon. In academics, he is graduate, an MBA and has also done an executive program from IIM Calcutta, India.

In writing and lecturing, Sudhir Mittal has chosen the self-help and philosophical subjects. Through his books, he bestows his readers and fan-following a great life of contentment and also the discovery of eternal happiness which is already hidden in them.

Sudhir Mittal can be reached at:
booksfeedback@sudhirmittal.in 
www.sudhirmittal.in
On Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/sudhir.mittal.author 
On Twitter: https://twitter.com/AuthorSudhirM
On Blogspot: http://www.authorsudhirmittal.blogspot.in/ 
On Wordpress: http://authorsudhirmittal.wordpress.com


Complete Collection of Books from Sudhir Mittal
The Secret World on the Other Side of Mind
The Unprecedented Garden of Life
Appetizers of The Secret World
26 Scruples for a Fulfilled Life
1000 Descriptions of God
The Life You Choose
Life will Smile at You
Lead Like A Master
Invoking The Self
Elixir is Raining
365 Gold Coins
See You God
Life Again
Sud & Me

(Click the following cover images for sampling or buying)

 

 


























Talk with Sudhir Mittal
(This talk with Sudhir Mittal was recorded in the early summers of 2013 by Mr. Chirag, an IIT Kanpur alumnus and also the founder cum managing director of Innosols Infocom Private Limited)

Question: I have read the manuscript of your book, ‘See You God’. Will you deny if I say that ‘See You God’ is purely an imaginative story and not real?
Sudhir Mittal: (Smiles) But check first! In core of your heart, do you really want to say that? Do you really want to say that seeing the God should necessarily be impossible? And, while reading the book, did you really think that the seven lampposts do not enlighten you? 
It doesn’t really matter, whose imagination it is. I will be the happiest man around, if by chance, something like ‘See You God’ takes place in your own imagination; and so it does in the imagination of countless of other readers.

Q.: Why did you choose a little girl of mere four years in your story?
SM: Because only children do not know the life threatening pretexts. They are the super learners; and at the same time they are super teachers as well.

Q.: And wherefrom the idea of ‘The Garden of Life’ came?
SM: This idea is eternally present in every human being. In my case, I just wrote it down and availed it for your reading.

Q.: Out of your book, which line in your idea, stirs the most?
SM: (after taking a moment’s pause) I think it is, “You do not die when you die, but you die when you die in the life of others.” The very moment I wrote it, I knew it was not completely mine. Infact, it was some divine force behind. And I can say that most parts of the book have occurred to me in the same way.

Q.: Any memorable incidence while writing ‘See You God’!
SM: The entire progress of writing was automatic, as if I did nothing planned, not even the story as such. You may feel amused to hear, but I was usually taking my car up to a nearby countryside spot and park it beneath the dense shadow of trees. Then I would roll down the windows and let the fresh air in. I used to sit in the back seat of car and worked on my laptop until the batteries drained. Most of the chapters in the book have been written in this way. In those days I felt very close to the nature. Any time, whenever a sparrow or pigeon sat on the side mirror of my car, I thought they had come for adding to the story.

Q.: And what about the lampposts in the story?
SM: Lampposts should work for readers as searchlights. They can become nothing less than that.

Q.: Tell us about your writing career. What have been your objectives as an author?
SM: I have just begun. Books started happening in my life when I was 31, and this I am talking about only reading and not writing. Writing started a little later when I turned 33 or so. Without books, you can imagine the kind of shrunk life anyone would be living earlier. 
In those two years, and so it is even now, my own outlook towards life has greatly transformed. I am lucky for getting to read the best books. By ‘best’ I mean by the ‘message factor’ and not the ‘bestselling factor’. You know, to sell a book is always easy but what matters is, to make someone really buy. In those two years I realized very closely that how dramatically, life can be made beautiful by the power of good books. A person’s outlook can change so greatly that he would be left amazed. Immediately, I adopted to the religion of books; or you can say that I became a theist, in the most correct sense of life. 
To your question, the exclusive objective behind my writing work is to disseminate this revolution. For doing this there can be no better way than the books.

Q.: Sometimes reading your books impels one for meeting you.
SM: Oh! What else an author may desire for! If I am able to communicate well with my readers, believe me, I am paid off very well. I take your remark as compliment and I look forward to meet the readers. I wish to make myself highly accessible. Writing to my email id, which is booksfeedback@sudhirmittal.in may be a good idea to start with. 

Q.: Exactly, who is your audience?
SM: (smiles) You know what! Even today, the count of non-readers is far greater than the count of readers of the books. I do not write for critics; No, I cannot; I am not intelligent in that way. I want to work especially for the people who are relatively new in the world of books. I wish to motivate them about the habit of book reading. The way I usually put it, everyone is waiting consciously or unconsciously, for his most virtuous mentor in life. May he find such a mentor very soon, but see, he will have to be very lucky for the miracle. So, until it happens with him, only the virtuous books will help him. All the readers of elevating books, whether they read my books or somebody else’s, are my loving audience.

Q.: What are you currently working on?
SM: I have just finished a book on Bhagavad Gita in which I have linked many esoteric verses with our modern ways of life. I have titled it as ‘Invoking The Self’. I hope this book to come out very soon. Another book which I have just started will be very interesting. It will have interviews with God which will be highly enlightening to the readers. I have thought to title it as ‘Life will Smile at You’. There are many more ideas. I will have to prioritize them carefully.

Q.: Now, a personal question. As a person being, who has inspired you the most? We see some spirituality in your books. So, are your inspirers Lord Rama, Krishna, Christ or Mohammed?
SM: I would make your question stronger by replacing the word ‘inspired’ with another word - ‘influenced’; and I do so merely to say that your question is very relevant. All the four names that you took are eternally revered by the human race. But at the same time we all happen to worship them more than understanding them. In principle, I have found no difference at all in the messages of all discriminated religions. In finality, the religion of humanity establishes to be the supreme. 
To your question, I must mention here that the life of Mahatma Gandhi has influenced me in a great way. The four names you took were already God, but trust me, Gandhi became the God-figure (with the title of ‘Mahatma’) later. Do not forget that, he was not a born mahatma. The great respect across the globe, which he has earned, I can say that, is the result of only his great endurance for the beneficence of the mankind.

Q.: But there are a few controversies as well around him. Isn’t that also true?
SM: First, I should say that the controversies are not controversies, instead those are the gaps in people’s understanding about him. You see, some gaps are never bridged in life. Those, who criticize Gandhi unduly, I think, do so sinisterly. Or maybe just that, some authors or politicians hatch a plan of becoming overnight popular by creating the untrue controversies around his life. Unfortunately, media helps the spur; and the rebellion part is always noticed. If someone really seeks the truth, the life of Mahatma comes out to be an institution in itself. If you are keen to understand that how an ordinary person, which we all are, could attain the pinnacle of the fearlessness and even-mindedness in life, you must read his life, but without preoccupation or prejudice in the mind.

Q.: Ok! I am taking it away now. Are there any thoughts for film-making based on your books?
SM: Oh! That will be too early for me. Nowhere, it has been on my mind as of now. Nevertheless, I think, film people generally need more ‘spicy’ subjects than I have chosen to relish my readers with. (laughs)

Q.: Any particular plan on the commercial side of writing?
SM: Money is actually needed in life only for a ‘hygienic survival’. You see, when it solely comes to the money, no amount of security looks sufficient. That is why I said that everyone should be committed to give himself and his family only the ‘hygienic survival’ and nothing more. Even if the ‘more’ factor happens, it should be scrupulous. My target is to make my work reach the masses. My books should be enjoyable in the air of positivity. What else may I wish for!

###



Can you intuit your 
next reading? 


 

Nearing the Epilogue
of 
Life will Smile at You
==== ==== ==== ====
Curious Seeker

ONCE UPON A TIME there was a curious seeker. For a very long time he had maintained an unresolved curiosity for attaining the supreme knowledge; more particularly, the knowledge of real substance of the world; and also the knowledge of the substance of himself in such world. In pursuit of his knowledge seeking, he had approached so far all the kinds of possible resorts. Yet he couldn’t ever feel himself enlightened fully. He had met and talked to many great knowledge keepers, but he had largely remained confused. He had read many books, but remained unsatisfied. Many times he thought about finding for himself the most virtuous mentor somewhere, but soon he realized that it was the most difficult job on earth.
But yet, he couldn’t stop being curious about his substantial and unresolved questions? He thought, if his questions remains unanswered, his entire life would go in vain.
God, who watched from above all about this curious man, thought, “Why such of my rare son, who at least rears the subtle questions about the existence, would think of his entire life going in vain?” 
God appeared the very following night, in the dream of such curious man.
The Curious man had seen God for the first time here. Although he had a fair idea that sitting in front of him was none other than but God; but to become doubly sure, he asked, “Who are you?”
God smiled and replied, “I am your imagination.”
“Oh! I thought you were God”, said the man in a slight disappointment.
God smiled again and said in His esoteric voice, “But what difference does it make? Infact I am better to be your imagination than being distinct from that.”
God’s words were indeed mystic. The curious man intuited that he was indeed talking to God Himself. He had become very hopeful about his many unresolved curiosities. Glad in his heart, he continued a never heard before conversation with God.
“You said you are my imagination, but how?” The curious man asked.
God replied, “I am your imagination of goodness.”
“But see!” the man enquired, “I always imagine many. Which one of those are you?”
God replied again, “I am your every imagination of goodness. Therefore, I am also many.”
“Oh! I hadn’t thought upon in this way”, said the man in nodding.
God smiled, as always.
Then the curious man said, “I had many questions to ask.”
“Yes, that’s why I have come to your sight”, confirmed God, “Ask, I will answer all.”
“Tell me, what is happiness?” The man began asking.
“Happiness is you”, replied God plainly.
“Me!” on the very first answer of God the curious man had become highly astonished, “How?” He asked.
“Because,” answered God, “when you are sad; happiness will be nowhere.”
“Oh!” the man said, “That was really simple. I never thought in this way.”
God smiled again, as always.
“What life will be my best life?” asked the man.
“It’s only the fearless life, what else?” replied God contentedly.
“Fearless life!” again wondered the man, “and how will I get it?”
God replied, “You will get it, when you will become intuitively sure that you are under protection of no one less but God Himself. Indeed there exists no bigger insurance than God.”
“Will God Himself really protect me?” The man asked in surprise.
“He already protects all”, replied God.
“So, if He The Almighty already protects all, then why I have to become especially sure that I am protected by God?” The man thought that he had made a very tricky question.
God smiled and replied, “Never fall by tricking yourself fool. It’s always you and not God who needs the persistence in such eternal assurance of Him. The protected cannot ever take for granted the protection by protector. The very moment you feel protected, you become protected; and the very other moment you feel unprotected, you become unprotected.”
“But what will make me feel unprotected when God already protects all?” the man asked thus another tricky question.
“Because whenever you will do a wrong, your thought of fear of wrong-doing will replace the thought of goodness in your heart. You will then be living a fearful life; and thence the protection of God will come off your mind. Once your mind will plunge into the fear, you will no longer feel yourself protected. Your mind is alone your territory of life. Hence the very need of feeling yourself protected, is of yours alone; and not of God.”
“Oh!” highly enlightened with the answer, the curious man began asking his another question, 
“Tell me, what is illusion?”
“Oh! The illusion!” God began smiling. “Look up in the sky”, commanded God upon man.
Man looked up.
God asked, “What do you see?”
“It’s a blue sky today”, replied the man.
God said, “What you are seeing upon at this moment is the blue sky, but in reality you already know that there is no sky at all. It is merely a big hollow. Yet you see something there and you call it a blue sky.”
The man dropped into a brief contemplation.
God kept on telling, “And if you go only a few hundred miles up above the earth, the blueness of this hollowness, which you call as sky, will vanish; and then the sky will appear to you to be black or may be of no color at all. But still, you will be seeing upon something there, which you will again call as sky or the space. Isn’t that right?”
“Yes”, replied the thoughtful man, “That’s absolutely right.”
God now answered the question of man, “Illusion is your perception of something to be real which is unreal; just the way as you said, it’s a blue sky today.”
The man continued swinging in the varied kinds of thoughts. Then he began evaluating the answer of God through his own knowledge-bank earlier collected in mind. 
In a moment asked the man, “But can you really say what is the clear difference between real and unreal?”
“What remains there permanently is real and what doesn’t, is unreal”, replied God. His answers had always been succinct and straight.
“But how will I really come to know about that?” wondered the man.
“That will be always up to your individual choice only. If you will hold the impermanent things to be permanent, you will thus choose for yourself the illusion. And on the other hand if you will hold only the permanent things to be permanent, you will attain freedom from the illusion.” God revealed.
“But”, asked the man, “How will I really come to know that whether I’ve judged about the things correctly or not?” 
“If you find, even for once, the casual pain of your inevitable life-sufferings to be intolerable, know yourself to have certainly misjudged about the things. And it is so because when you will become completely free from the illusion, you will never have to see again the casual pain of inevitable life-sufferings.”
“Hmm...”, hearing the words of God, the man became very thoughtful.
Then he asked about his next curiosity, “What is the most permanent entity in your creation?”
God smiled big and said, “It’s you.”
“But I am human. Isn’t it really human to die?” asked the man in a wondrous voice.
God replied, “That is only how you think. It means that you are not yet free from the great illusion of worldly existence.”
“Why”, the man wondered, “Don’t I really die?”
God revealed here and now the higher truth to this curious man, “You do not die when you die, but you die when you die in the life of others. Even though you may have chosen to remain ignorant about your real entity, yet you cannot do away with this eternal rule of attaining immortality. The rule of your eternity is that – only physically you look to be a mortal; but in reality you can very much choose for you, the immortality. When you never stop living in the life of others, you do not die even after your physical death. The rule of attaining immortality is very much in your own hands. If however, you pretend to be not knowing this rule, it means that you have promoted for yourself nothing but the illusion only.”
“Hmm...” lost in varied thoughts over the words of God, the curious man could utter only this.
After a moment, the man said again, “I had many other questions as well.”
“Yes, ask. I said it, I will answer all”, said God.
The man asked, “What is the test of a true friendship?”
“It’s the founding truth of that reason of friendship which pulls the friends together. Whenever the foundation of this reason is realized to be untrue by the friends, the friendship remains no more”, replied God.
“Hmm...” Then the man asked his next question, “How is it in the world that some are more fortunate than the others?”
Hearing this, God began laughing. He said, “No, no! It’s not that. What you call as fortune is just about your own imagination and nothing else. You see a miser as miser and nothing more; and on the other hand, you see a privileged one as privileged one and nothing less. Defect of this discrimination lies in your seeing and not in the objects seen by you.”
“But will not you agree at least on this”, retorted the man, “that some people are fool and the others are witty. Isn’t it really so?”
God replied, “In supremely liberated vision such as of mine, no one is fool and no one is witty. Only those are the wisest who have either already known or at least have begun knowing their own truest substance as equalized with the highest substance of mine.”
“Hmm... What you say is indeed the supreme ray of light”, said the enlightened seeker.
The man asked his other question, “Tell me this, when will I find my most virtuous mentor?”
God replied, “May be never.”
The man was shocked. “Oh! How can you say that?”
God said, “Unless you develop a sincerest curiosity about your-own-Self first, you will not find your most virtuous mentor. Even if you will find one, you will always fail to recognize him. But once you become really able to develop a sincere curiosity about your-own-Self, you will enjoyably begin to find your most virtuous mentor, in yourself alone. Essentially in this way, your best mentor rests nowhere outside but he dwells inside your own Self; may be however you have not awakened it yet.”
“Hmm...”, said the man in very thoughtful nodding. He began asking another question then, “Why the man needs God every time?”
“Oh! That is utterly away from the truth. Every time the man needs God only because he thinks so. As long as he will think of God to be different from his own Self, neither will he attain God inside him nor will he find God outside ever. The man should thus continuously meditate upon the truth that God is nothing but man’s own imagination of goodness only. To act upon God, he has to act upon goodness only. Once he begins performing in his actions the goodness side of him abundantly, his realization of supreme happiness realized in this way, makes him realize God Himself as well, that too, right within his very own Self.”
“Hmm...” The curious man had never been enlightened better before. He asked another question, “If I want to know more about you, you God; what shall be the easiest way?”
God smiled and said, “No, there is no one way easier nor the other difficult. Infact there exists only one way. If you want to know more about me, you will have to know about yourself more.”
“And when I would come to know”, asked the man, “that I have known myself more?”
God flashed a mystic smile. He said, “Then you will stop having the numerous questions and you will become free from the anxiety arising around such questions. Listen here O my loving son, the paramount of one’s knowledge. You will come to know the highest order of your entity when there will remain no you; but instead remaining in you will be your eternal oneness with your Self alone. And your Self is nothing but the part of God in you. This union will take place only when you can identify your Self with the Self of God, and not otherwise. God is no one, but He is the realization of your higher Self. Hence, always strive for attaining the higher you; and nothing less. When you will do that, you will become more about the answers and not the questions.”
Highly satisfied by the answer of God, the man began searching his list of remaining questions now. Then he asked, “And, when shall I become liberated?”
“You already are”, replied God.
“But I don’t think so,” the man apprehended.
“It is only why you are not. If you become truly sincere in your want of liberation, you will become liberated at once. But for so long as you will think of your liberation lying remote from you; you will remain at distance only.”
“And what will make me believe that I am at a distance from my liberation yet?” asked the man.
God replied, “It can’t be anything else but your own persistent fear, that you haven’t deserved your liberation fully yet.”
“Hmm...” Sunk in unfathomable ocean of thoughts, the curious man could say that only.
Then on a spur of thought, he said, “Oh! I think I am merely seeing a dream, as if reading merely a preaching book and nothing else. How can I rest assured that what I have been talking to you here and now is real, and not unreal?”
God smiled again and said, “The way you think, is the way you always become. Else, what around you is not a dream? Not only what you think as dream is a dream; but what you think as of the real world is also a dream. Indeed everything is unreal, except the eternity of the oneness of goodness between you and me.”
Listening to the great revelation here, the curious man had fallen into a deep contemplation. However awakened in a moment, he asked God again, “Sometimes I wonder, do I really happen to have more questions than ideally I should have? Whether I am more curious than ideally I should become? And even that, whether having only the questions and questions always, isn’t itself also a big trouble?”
God looked upon this man with a fatherly smile this time. He said, “But your all wonderings here have happened to be substantial only. See! If you raise a question only with the purpose of raising more number of questions consequently, indeed such tendency of mind is a trouble. But if you can sincerely meditate upon atleast a few answers found, you will begin in this way helping yourself to resolve even your upcoming questions by the wisdom source of yourself alone. Once you attain this state, you will be asking more questions from yourself than asking those from the others. In my creation, there can arrive no bigger teacher of you than yourself alone.”
Lost in numerous thoughts once again, the man could utter only, “Hmm...”
God continued further, “Only those questions must be thought to be important which belong to the eternity of mankind; and always remember that the eternity of mankind is no different from the eternity of my own. Infact, there remains no you and no me, but there remains only the oneness between both of us. Only the questions about this eternity of oneness are worth to be asked and searched for. Else, all the tumultuous questions about your world and also about your relative existence in such world, are subdued only. Dare always to ask yourself only the subtle questions and not subdued ones.”
By this time, the curious man had already begun to become less curious now.
Now God confirmed the liberated state of this man by saying, “In this way, you will not only have fewer questions to perplex about, but you will also be able to intuit the answers within yourself alone. Not only you will have only the subtle questions to search for, but also soon you will attain your supreme peace by getting rid of anxiety generating from the all kinds of questions at all.”
Seeing the man here beginning to get too much engrossed in contemplation, God concluded His talk well, “I repeat. Having important questions is a merit, but check, having unnecessary anxiety over those is a trouble. Anxiety should be avoided. When anxiety ceases in your heart, you will attain peace; and when you will attain peace, you will begin finding the answers in yourself alone. And also remember that you always learn those answers more, which intuitively come from within you. Only you are the supreme master and only you are the supreme mentor of yourself.”
Then God beheld the man slipping into deep sleep, as if just after a long pleasant dream.
God had now moved about in the air, to reach somewhere else, far in the horizon. 

###

Complete Collection of Books from Sudhir Mittal
The Secret World on the Other Side of Mind
The Unprecedented Garden of Life
Appetizers of The Secret World
26 Scruples for a Fulfilled Life
1000 Descriptions of God
The Life You Choose
Life will Smile at You
Lead Like A Master
Invoking The Self
Elixir is Raining
365 Gold Coins
See You God
Life Again
Sud & Me



Connect with 
SUDHIR MITTAL

Write your feedback at: 
booksfeedback@sudhirmittal.in 

Write a personal mail at: 
sudhirmittal@sudhirmittal.in 

Drop an SMS at: 9818372048

http://www.facebook.com/sudhir.mittal.author 
https://twitter.com/AuthorSudhirM 

On Blogspot: http://www.authorsudhirmittal.blogspot.in/ 
On Wordpress: http://authorsudhirmittal.wordpress.com

Or Visit:
www.sudhirmittal.in


