Prometheus Fit to Be Tied!
 
Paul Hawkins
Copyright 2011 Paul Hawkins, Smashwords Edition
 
"Water quenches a flaming fire, and alms atone for sins." Sirach 3:29


Smashwords Edition, License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Dedication: To Hillary, Scott, Allison, and Susan
 
Disclaimer:
All events and characters in this book are fictional. I blame all narrative inconsistencies on the faulty memories of the fictional characters. I am tired of trying to wrangle the truth out of them.
–Paul Hawkins, November 29, 2010
 
Chapter 1
1903
Ernest White was an odd duck from the day he was born. He was always indifferent to his parents' acts of kindness. He never played with the toys they bought him, and he told stories to himself – about himself – instead. He was nice enough to his mother, but when his father talked he acted like he didn't hear him, and even when his father punished him for his dreaminess or his laziness Ernest never cried and even laughed. He fulfilled none of his father's hopes for a productive and respectable son, and Ernest wasn't even three before his father had given up on him, handing the disappointment over to his mother and turning his attention to farming again.
 
From Otto's Journal, 1970
I used to work as his factotum years ago.
He called himself Mr. Perfect. He was semi-well-known to the famous and semi-famous in the whirlwind pre-war world. His money had opened many doors and he had rubbed shoulders with the best and brightest of his day, and if you look at group photos of the cultural elite on the Left Bank or the salons of New York or the French Riviera you can often see his tanned bright visage in the background smiling much more genuinely than the rest, because unlike them he was free from the guilt of sponging off the honest man to pay the tab, and he was the only one in the photos who didn't think he was smarter than everyone else. He wore white suits and tried to affect a degree of European culture, and was just successful enough to fool the small-town people he'd grown up with, but probably not anybody else.
 
August 1939
New York Times, August 13, 1939, page 48 B (beneath a lingerie ad):
 
"World Traveler Returns Stateside"
World traveler, theosophist, amateur archaeologist and art patron known in the expatriate community as "Mr. Perfect" stopped in New York City yesterday on his way home to rural Oklahoma after 15 years as a citizen of the world. Perfect, whose given name is Ernest White, is perhaps best remembered for the off-Broadway run of his scathing verse-drama "Prometheus Fit To Be Tied!"
During his stay in the city Perfect made sizable donations to several local cultural institutions, donated a self portrait to the Museum of Non-Objective painting, then stopped by the World's Fair and put his foot through a television being displayed in the RCA building. His valet stayed behind to pay for the damages.
Perfect would not disclose his reasons for returning to the small town of his childhood. His valet said he needed some rest.
*
It was a hot August day and rumor had it that White was on the next train coming into town. A rusted red sign creaking beside the tracks read "Welcome to Blaze" though the town had recently changed its name to ‘Progress’ in anticipation of damn great things. It sat at the end of a spur of the AT&SF line, nestled against the first small foothills of the Ozarks. It had sleepily passed several decades farming and milling ore but recently had begun to house hundreds of WPA laborers drawn from all over the USA to help build the world's largest multi-arch dam, a milestone effort of flood control, rural electrification, and feverish government spending to try to end the Depression.
It was late afternoon and the sky was brown and hinting of a storm. The air was heavy with a sweet smell underneath the stale summer heat, and the distant sky showed rags of rain dragging beneath the clouds but not reaching the ground. 
A small crowd of people was gathered at the depot to await the arrival of their town's most famous personage. A rumble from the approaching locomotive started then swelled and soon its weathered cars were pulling into the station. The engine sighed and the passengers slowly began to depart, dragged their disjointed baggage and bodies down the steps. Off came a handful of farm workers, some oily salesman, a mother pinching two children by their ears, a fat lady carrying a garish parrot in a cage. But then all was quiet.
"Where is he?" one voice said.
"Why's he coming back anyway?" another inquired.
A dark young man lidded his eyes and hissed: "I heared he killed a guy."
"Lord, you and your bottomless thirst for the scandalous and seamy!" a large and florid woman chided.
They all hung fire and finally there was more motion in the car, and soon a stocky young man with a brown beard and a brown suit appeared in the doorway. This was not their famous prodigal, but maybe it was his lackey. He stood loaded down with suitcases of various sizes adorned with stickers from famous places all over the world. This overladen man picked his way carefully down the steps and dumped the bags on the platform. He then called back into the car: "Come on, Mr. White. Let's get moving."
"We're there already? All right, Otto, just a minute."
While Otto waited for his employer, a young man sidled up and handed him some telegrams. "For Mr. White," he said.
Otto handed the messenger some money and began leafing through the sheets. Squints and frowns crossed his face as he moved from note to note, then he folded them up and shoved them in his pocket.
He called back toward the train again. "Come on Mr. White! We've got to get the furniture moved to the house before it rains."
Shadows finally began to stir in the passenger car window, and then the town's famous personage appeared in the doorway. Those who remembered him compared him to their memories, and those that had never seen him looked closely to see if he lived up to the stories.
He was a tall man with gold hair and a deeply tanned face and blue eyes. His limbs were long and asserted their angles in the rumpled creases of his white linen suit. To the observers matching him up against the memories, his face showed the signs of youth finally on the decline. There were creases around his eyes and mouth, his eyelids were heavy, his chin had lost its angularity and his cheeks sagged. But the whole thing rearranged itself when his bright blue eyes fell right on you. Then the angles marshaled to attention, all the drooping and stress disappeared to pretend a chiseled alacrity with only you and he at the center. It was a face that had gotten him ensnared in a mix of European condescension and Eastern mysticism and led to him being convinced he was a golden child. This, in turn, had led to his being bilked out of a large part of his fortune, and he retained the moniker "Mr. Perfect" as a reminder of the experience.
Ernest White, or "Ernest" or even "E. L." to the folks who knew him growing up, paused unsteadily at the top of the stairs. He looked a little drunk. He tapped a cigarette against a silver case and then floated out a foot to conquer the steps. The people watching him braced for a tumble, but he did fine and the next thing they knew he was standing in their midst as if he had been poured there, all handshakes and smiles.
"Mr. Stevens, right? Is that your girl?"
The man smiled proudly. "Yes, Mr. White."
"She's certainly grown. I hear she's earned herself a scholarship in music for the Fall."
"Yes," the man replied, his face beaming with pride and surprise.
White walked further in. "John Harken – did you rebuild from that fire?"
"Yes, Mr. White – no more hired hands smoking in the hayloft for me!" the man answered.
"I knew you'd recover," Ernest White replied, and moved on, already welcoming another face and hand.
A tiny old woman with pale gray eyes and a blue shawl pressed herself forward to Mr. White's side. "I want you to know we are all so sorry about your mother's passing away," she said.
He looked down at her, and his eyes softened just a bit. "Thank you – you ladies were all such good friends to her."
"She was such a fine Christian woman."
"I appreciate your saying that."
The old woman felt bold enough to add. "And about those stories – we don't believe a word of them. We know you are a good man at heart."
Mr. White paused and looked at her. "Thank you. Only the bad news has the staying power to make it back here across the ocean, and only by being exaggerated out of proportion."
"Well, we're sure you'll make a good neighbor."
He laughed. "I'll try."
A dark-haired burly man in overalls and t-shirt came forward. "Mr. White?" he said. "My truck's ready to move your stuff. I wouldn't rush you, but it looks like rain."
"I understand." White said. He turned to the crowd. "It's time for me to get my things moved up to the house. I appreciate your coming out. I'm sure we'll be seeing a lot of each other soon."
He turned back toward his assistant. He dropped the cigarette to the ground and crushed it with one toe of his stylish brogans. 
"We're so glad you're home!" someone shouted.
He looked up. "Thanks so much. Thanks for coming out to greet me." He made a wave and then gave Otto a jerk of his head. Otto moved forward and Mr. White walked back up the steps into the train car. 
The crowd began to break up, moving off across the platform and back toward town. Their footsteps and chattered faded and then drifted away. Otto closed quarters with the man they'd hired to move the furniture.
After the crowd had vanished Mr. White came back down the train steps and seated himself on a bench along the depot. His face was its tired, sagging self again. He took off his hat, pushed his sweaty hair back from his forehead, and lit a cigarette. A few puffs later he stretched out his legs, sighed, and took a drink from a flask. He watched the movers haul off the train all priceless furnishings he’d dragged here from every corner of the globe.
A little tow-headed girl in overalls came up and stared at him. She was blue-eyed but had dirty cheeks and feet. She was the mover's daughter and she, like he, was expected to stay out of the way while the work was done. She didn't say a word but stared intently.
He blew out some smoke. "Didn't your poppa tell you never to hang around strangers?"
"No," she answered.
He paused and ignored her for as long as he could, but she kept staring. Finally he said, "Good. I'd have never left this town if I hadn't met a stranger or two. A person's got to learn about the world from somewhere."
She ran off. Mr. White watched as her dust-red feet carry her away.
The movers finally finished their work. "Everything's loaded, Mr. White. We're ready to head out."
"Good," White said, "I'll drink to it."
Otto dragged a handkerchief across the back of his neck.
"Hop aboard," the mover called from the truck, "Let's go."
Ernest and Otto climbed onto the tailgate of the truck and held on tight. The furniture strained against ropes behind them. Mr. White sat oblivious, confident in the strength of the ropes to hold the load back, but Otto plucked them suspiciously like over-taut guitar strings. The truck rumbled and they held on tight as they rolled away from the train station and down the road, leaving the town behind and plunging into the countryside.
White waved some dust away from his face and Otto pulled a sheaf of papers from his pocket.
"Here are the telegrams that were waiting for you," Otto said. "Want to hear them?"
"Not particularly."
"The Duke of Hapsburg sends his regards."
"That's kind of him, considering what I did to his house."
"The Mesopotamian Society asks if you'll be joining them on their expedition."
"They mean will I be funding the expedition."
"Lady Anne asks if she'll meet you this next equestrian season."
He just coughed and took a drink from the flask.
"Look, why don't you give me that and take your medicine instead?"
"Because European psychiatrists are quacks."
"Sometimes they know more than you do. You turn into him when you drink."
"Him? Him who?"
"You know perfectly well. You lose your judgment."
Otto reached for the flask but Mr. White held it away. Otto sighed and stuffed the papers back into his pocket.
A mile or two down the road they took a right turn, and White craned around to see the beginnings of low rolling hills. The truck plunged down a gully, ducked beneath the shade of trees and crossed a creek on an improbably old bridge, then rose steadily. Ahead of them atop a knoll was an old gray house. It was boxy and three stories tall and had a large iron fence around it. There were about ten people waiting outside the gate.
"Pagan! Theosophist!" an old woman shouted.
"Aw, don't listen to her, Mr. White," a man's voice said. "Now, if I could have just a second to interest you in an investment opportunity..."
But Mr. White ignored them and the truck lumbered through gate. Otto hopped off of the truck and closed the gate behind them.
"Nothing to see here," he said to the people that were gathered. "Mr. White's going to be here for a long time. You'll have plenty of time to visit with him later on."
"We don't need his kind of demon orientalism in this town," the quavery old woman continued.
"Don't confuse Mr. White with the folks who swindled him," Otto replied.
"Old habits," the woman retorted. "And," she said significantly, "He keeps the name."
She reached into her purse and pulled out a tattered small book. On the cover it read "The Eight Mysteries of Peace and the Ascent of Man in the Coming Hygienic Age," and on the back was a picture of a very young ‘Mr. Perfect’ sitting in the grass under some foreign-looking tree with his hands folded in his lap in an unnatural contortion.
"All that proves is that he was young and stupid once," another man in the crowd said. "And besides, give the guy a break – his mother just died, for Pete's sake."
With that, and with the persistence of the closed gate, the assembled crowd slowly and quietly departed. 
A few moments later, Mr. White climbed down from the tailgate and looked up at the windows of the old gray house.
Otto walked up beside him. "Why don't you just sit here on the porch in this rocker while we get the things moved in?"
White agreed. He tested the old cane chair and it seemed sturdy enough, so he lowered himself into it. "I guess the most useful thing I can do is keep out of your way," he said. "Get me some water so I can take my pills."
Otto nodded and went off, and White sat in the chair looking at the familiar view from the porch of the house he’d grown up in.
Otto came back with a glass of water, but White already held two yellow pills in his hand and washed these down with a swig from his flask. Otto growled but set the water on a table beside him. 
After a few moments White began to feel his stomach warm comfortably and his body relax. He gradually sank into the chair. He watched the men moving furniture until he dozed off.
At some point the little girl he’d seen at the depot came up to him, holding something.
Mr. White hoisted his eyelids a fraction to see her holding an old crystal radio set. 
His eyes traced the cat's whisker and the copper coil. "Tune in the world," he mumbled. "Try to get the signals. Every day a parade."
The next thing he knew she was not there, and he had been asleep for some time. Night had fallen and he was chilly. Someone had placed a blanket over his shoulders. The unloading had ceased and twenty feet away he saw Otto standing in the truck's headlights, counting out some bills to the man who had helped them move.
"Thank you for your help," Otto said.
The man counted the bills twice. "It's nothing," he said. "We country people like to help each other."
Mr. Perfect looked past them at the stars in the wide sky. He drew himself up from the chair, clutched the blanket to his shoulders and thrust out his free hand. "Thank you for your assistance and for welcoming me back to this wonderful community! I look forward to many years of happy, quiet solitude as a productive citizen!"
The movers just looked at him. "You take care of yourself, Mr. White," one said. Then they climbed into the truck and the engine roared to life. The headlights slashed briefly across White and Otto and then slid past. The truck’s growl diminished out the gate and down the road.
"What was that all about?" Otto said.
"Hell, they were expecting a show," White replied. "Give the folks in town a little something to talk about." He tossed the blanket into the rocker and walked inside the house.
*
White's mother had died three weeks ago and it had taken him this long to get here from the south of France. He had crossed the ocean on a liner, stopped in New York to pick up some stored furniture, then made the rest of the long journey by train. It had been ten years since he'd been in the house, but he had never been here when it was this quiet and empty.
Once inside the doorway he looked at the familiar old dark moldings, the high ceilings, the narrow stairs and doors. He had grown up here. He kept expecting to turn around and see his mother waiting for him, but all he noticed was an old ticking clock on the wall. He then saw that someone had placed a picture of his mother smack in the center of the mantel, with flowers around it. As a shrine it did not impress him much.
"We put your things in the large bedroom upstairs," Otto said.
"Thanks - did they get you set up?" Mr. White asked.
Otto nodded. "Down here by the kitchen."
"Good, good."
Mr. White paused and rested his hand on a dark curio cabinet. He picked up a sculpture of a fawn and looked at it blandly. "Thanks for making this trip with me," he said. "I know you'd have rather stayed in Europe."
Otto shrugged and walked into the kitchen. He began inventorying the pots and dishes. "The more I started getting ready for this trip, the more I began to think maybe it was the right time for me to come back to America and make a career for myself. I can’t be a factotum forever."
Mr. White nodded. He had walked into the kitchen and was looking at a too-cute statuette of a cherub. He'd be damned if he knew why his mother had collected such things.
"Don't get to brooding over everything," Otto said. "Give it all time to sink in. You have an even bigger day ahead tomorrow with the reading of the will. I've made all the arrangements with the lawyer and the executor and the other interested parties. You just get some rest."
White agreed. "I'm off to bed then," he said. "And my notes, you know, my works in progress?"
"I've set boxes of the typed monographs on a table in your room."
"Good. I expect to resume my work in earnest and finish several significant studies very soon. There will be much less to distract me out here."
"Sounds good."
"We'll have to let my publisher know to expect drafts." White's eyes glowed suddenly and he stabbed a finger in his palm. "And we'll need to be ready to draw the line with the locals, if necessary, to ensure my solitude!"
"I'll arrange everything," Otto said.
"Good – when everyone else is out to swindle me, I've always been able to count on you, Otto. Good night then."
"Good night, Mr. White."
White turned and ascended the stairs. At the top he went into the first room on the right. It was a small square room overcrowded with his exotic furniture. He laid his wallet, watch, and cufflinks on a low dresser, shut the door, then he lifted the window open. The night stretched wide and purple and a cool breeze blew in. He looked far across the plain. He looked to the farthest end of the horizon and saw flat country and the dark starless shapes of small hills.
He reached into his coat pocket, took out his bottle of pills, and poured them out the window. They clattered softly down the eaves and disappeared into the night. He got undressed and lay down on the bed.
Though he was tired beyond tired, White's eyes snapped open from his first attempt at sleep. He saw his white jacket and hat on a rack in the corner – a shell of himself but now purple in the shadows. Then he glanced at the dresser whose mirror was wedged with snapshots and postcards of places he'd been: Paris, London, Giza; Cairo, Venice, Tarsus, Moscow, Tibet, Hollywood. The photos often showed the people he had been there with. Where were they now? All they had left were Cheshire smiles and expenses on his accounts.
He lay awake and the advent-tinted world drained him just as it'd done when he was a boy, when his father had been just another farmer but Mr. Perfect was never content to be just another farmer's son, when he was still a boy but already old enough for his heart to beat faster thinking that there was a wider brighter world out there that he was missing.
When he had been coming home on the train, with the locomotive jostling relentlessly beneath him and with lots of time to think, White had come to believe that the world was dying. Television and totalitarianism and bad ideas with catchy slogans would hammer all the world's pieces together, with small stupid jobs for everyone and a bureaucratic engine to force health, harmony and hygiene onto a should-be-grateful populace, grinding them into a predictable paste that met some quota for machinated productivity and left no room for stuff that wasted time and made folks happy. It made him sick. And within a generation or two people would be too stupid to know what they were missing, too numb to care.
Mr. Perfect had always thought that when he finally found the real world, it would turn out to be a marvelous place. He used to think that everyone was made for something wonderful.
When the breeze had cooled a few more degrees he felt the muscles of his brow and back relax, and he fell asleep.
*
The next day was the reading of his mother's will. Daylight came and chased the purple from the corners of the house.
He came down the stairs looking resplendent in his usual white suit, accented today with a black tie.
"They're all waiting on you."
"Let them wait a little longer," he said. "Were you able to get that kind of coffee I asked for?"
"Overnight? I got the local brand, same as I told you I would."
"It'll have to do." White said. He took the cup, sniffed at it suspiciously, but then sat down on the top stair and took a sip.
"And you're going to drink it here when there's people downstairs waiting to meet you?"
White shrugged. "Why not? It's my house now."
"They haven't read the will yet."
White frowned at his valet, but after a minute he got up and handed the cup to Otto. "All right, let's go."
He walked down the narrow stairs and into the parlor. Ten men sat around a dark wood table. White moved to the end, pulled his chair out noisily, then sat as tall and upright as he could.
A pinched-looking man in a black suit adjusted his spectacles and began reading in a droning voice.
Ernest White reminded himself that it was his mother's will, and not his father's, and that he had always gotten along much better with her. He and his father had never seen eye-to-eye on much of anything. His father by all appearances had been an honest, God-fearing, hard-working man, and had sacrificed much for the boy he had taken into his home. Some felt that Mr. White had never acknowledged the debt.
The executor was speaking in an aside now. How humble and benevolent Ernest White's mother had been. How loved by all – a pillar of the church. Missed but in a better place.
White heard this and found his mind comparing the platitude to his actual memories, then felt an odd emotion open in his head, an unexpected type of affection that was new, not a reminted sensation from youth. He turned his mind to it and thought about his mother and the love of superfluity which she had taught him, and the ability to laugh at absurd stories, the love of beauty in excess.
Now the executor's digression continued, a veiled lecture perhaps to soften the blow. How his parents had had a hard road, how they had both sacrificed convenience to live decent lives, how they had not let sudden wealth sway them from what was important in life, and how if they had one lesson to pass on, it would be the opportunity to prove one's self through hard work.
White twisted tight a black button of his jacket. The sphinx etched on the button would have yelped if it could. Ernest felt suddenly lonely and old, far removed from the colorful distraction he had packed into his last twenty years. Everything in the small sparse room felt more hard and real than his pan-chromatic experiences. He wondered what he would do with the rest of his life.
Finally the man had given up orating and was reading again. He pushed his glasses down onto his nose. Mr. Perfect looked up and caught his own reflection in the man's glasses, and he recognized his mother's smile in his own. He felt a tightness let go in his chest.
Of course he inherited everything.
*
Mr. Perfect and Otto waved farewell to the sympathizers from the screened porch, watched the Fords and Plymouths and DeSotos wheel away. It was a bright Saturday afternoon. They turned back inside, and the house was big and quiet. 
Otto went to change out of his suit. Mr. Perfect opened the entranceway closet. He slid the black tie out from underneath his collar and knotted in its place a length of red silk with white palm trees. He pulled on his panama hat as Otto came downstairs. 
"Have you got your list?" he asked Otto. They were going into town. Otto had retrieved his list from the top of his dresser, and Ernest fished his from a jacket pocket. The lists read: 
Mr. White:
Burma Shave
vanishing cream
Lucky Strikes
harmonica
penknife
alligator house slippers, if available
cufflinks shaped like oil wells
Otto:
2 pair black socks
Listerine
corn pads 
Phillips screwdriver
lint brush
big bottle Elmer's glue
A cream-colored sixteen-foot Cadillac with a red interior was part of the inheritance. It was in perfect shape since his mother had only driven it to church and bingo. Although Mr. White was not a particularly good driver, he climbed behind the wheel and leaned across and opened the passenger door for Otto. White looked over his shoulder to back out of the garage, cut a circle across the lawn, and then pointed the vehicle toward the road. 
"I hope you're not making a mistake coming back here," Otto said. "I wonder if this is the right kind of environment for you."
"What do you mean?" 
"Well, here in America people tend to divide things into polar opposites: right or wrong, good or evil, sickness or health. It's too simple here. There's no room for the comfortable middle ground that you enjoy. Europe's more tolerant." 
Mr. White smiled. "Ah yes, Europe - the place that's getting ready to go at it hammer and tongs again. When it's put to the test all Europe's middle ground rolls up and disappears. It's just a convenient fiction to license misbehavior in times of excess." 
"Well, that's certainly a new tune coming from you," Otto said. "Maybe you're ready to come back here after all."
But Mr. White did not respond; instead he settled back in his seat and let his eyes scan the countryside and the town, sifting the old from the new, the decrepit from the still bright and hopeful.
They rolled into town and parked along the main row of street-front businesses. A crowd of gawkers awaited them and shadowed them as they went from store to store.
"Why’d he come back anyway?" a billowy lady in a loud-print dress stage-hissed to anyone within earshot.
"He’s always acted like his birthplace was the armpit of the earth," a red-faced farmer said. "And now he says he wants to settle here for good?"
"He must’ve pissed off everyone in Europe."
"...or felt the stab of a broken heart..."
"... or spent all his money..."
"Spent all his money?" a slick-haired salesman moaned.
"Relax," a sharp-faced young man said. "He couldn’t go through all his dough in a million years, even with a dozen con-men bilking him. But mark my word: there’s some shadow hovering over him – you can see it in his eyes, his footsteps. His joy of life’s been stolen. He has come back here to atone - to atone, and then..." he paused for effect, "to die."
The larger woman fanned herself. "Mercy!"
The young man smiled. The rest of the folks gathered around were not sure that they believed him, but if pressed would have admitted that his theory sounded rather fine.
If White overheard any of this, he did not show it. He made their shopping trip brief and efficient.  He then returned to the old prairie mansion for a simple supper and engaged himself in study for the rest of the evening. It all went more quietly than Otto had expected.
Chapter 2
After doing all his necessary shopping and settling into the house, Mr. White and Otto walked the grounds of the farm. Aside from the windmill, generator, and phone line (the latter of which he had had installed for his mother at considerable expense), the place showed general neglect. An old tractor sat tilted and rusting in the tall grass not 20 yards beyond the back door. It was a favorite perch for an ancient rooster that was, as near as they could tell, completely feral.
"Tilling the soil, the purest form of work and the most honest," White said like he'd read it off a match book. He devoted the morning to inventorying the tools in the shed and cleaning and sharpening them. Then in the afternoon he picked up the phone and called around, asking what would be the best crops to grow for his soil and for this time of year. Someone, recognizing his voice, tried to convince him to raise mink.
But just three days later, with huge bags of seed in the barn and catalogs cluttering his desk, he was tired of it. Otto looked out the kitchen window in late afternoon to see White sitting on an overturned bucket near the horse trough, attempting a sleight-of-hand card trick. Two mules with wet muzzles stood on either side of him, watching with expressions of calm but persistent concentration. White came in later that night and ate like a horse and then went promptly to bed.
The next day Otto got up early to find Mr. White already dressed and seated at his desk. His red suspender hung loose at his sides. One of his hands was buried in his golden hair and the other dashed a pen through a stack of papers, some yellowed but some new. When Otto walked into the room Mr. White looked up, and Otto could see that his face was transfigured.
"I knew this move to the country would do me good!" he declared. "I'm finally making progress on that treatise of western civilization I've worked at for so long. I hope the Professor's plans come soon."
The "Professor" was a dubiously-tenured old man from New York who wore cloth gloves with finger-holes even on the warmest days. In earlier years he and White had collaborated on a project to explain all of world history. It was a perpetual work in progress.
But by afternoon the project was forgotten and White had left his desktop covered with papers. He wandered about the house gloomily, spinning the yellowed globe each time he walked by and finally settling himself on the back porch, lazily smoking cigarette after cigarette. When Otto creaked open the screen door, White took one last drag then stubbed out the butt and looked up. "Come on, Otto," he said, "I want you to help me with something." Otto followed him off the back porch and out a few yards to the car parked slantwise in the red dirt and faded grass. Mr. White climbed behind the wheel and turned the key. The engine purred to life, and Otto was still pulling his door shut when White set the car rolling down the road.
"Where are we going?" Otto asked.
"You'll see," White said. "I just need you to stand behind me while I do this."
"Do what?"
His employer waved a hand and demurred.
It was a bright afternoon. They drove along the dirt road and ducked around curves where the road accommodated stunted hills and clumps of trees. They rose from a sudden dip to cross a creek and a clutch of houses came into view in the distance. Mr. White pulled up in front of one of the houses and got out. Otto followed him.
They walked up to the mint-green facade of a craftsman-style house framed comfortably by a scattering of elms. White knocked on the door. They heard a child laughing inside, but then quiet, and footsteps. 
A woman opened the door. She was tall with blonde hair pulled back from a poised middle-aged face.  Her eyes were bright and green. The faces of two teen-ish girls could be seen watching from within the house. They whispered to each other and laughed quietly.
Otto looked from White's face to hers and weighed the restrained familiarity between them.
"Ernest – I thought you might drop by," she said. 
"Hello Constance. I couldn't very well not do so."
She scowled at him. "That's because you're foolish enough to think you've come back for good. But you need to know that whatever your intentions are, I don't want to get caught up in them."
"I just came by to apologize to you for being such an ass so many years ago."
The woman shifted her weight to one foot. She cut her eyes from White’s face to Otto’s, to the cars parked recklessly on her lawn, then looked back at him. "Look, you don't need to. Your mind was always someplace else back then. Even when you were looking at me there was part of you that was always someplace else. You’re still someplace else and you always will be." 
Ernest frowned. "Your memory is too selective and too harsh. Remember when I brought that band in town for you?"
The woman's face froze. "That was for her."
"No..."
But she persisted. "Yes - I'm sure. She wanted to learn to dance ballroom style and you told her `that's nobody's style these days' but she persisted and so you brought in an entire band just to teach her some damn lessons."
Mr. White's jaw fell and he stared into space a moment. It did sound like something he might have done.
Constance hardened her stare. "Good Lord - even now you’re your own worst witness. Of all the things to bring up."
He reached into his jacket. "Look, in any case I'd like to do something for you now, to make up for all the nuisance I caused, to help take care of you." He began to take out his checkbook.
Constance put her hands on her hips and laughed. "We don't need anything. A few months after you left I found a man who actually loved me. He was a good man and saw to it that we were taken care of. He helped design some of the biggest oil buildings in Tulsa. He would be proud of the way I am managing with the kids."
White looked into the house past her at two faces peering from the kitchen doorway. "Are those your children?"
"Yes, two girls – almost grown. That's what happens when you have a regular life. People change, babies get born and raised – life moves on. But you wouldn't know anything about that, would you, what with your hopping the globe so that not too much dust can settle on you at any one place, and packing the moments with diversions as showy and meaningless as confetti. I guess that’s this guy’s job - to sweep up the floor after every meaningless parade?" She looked at Otto. "Poor sap. Listen, Ernest, I don't know what you came back for, but I sincerely hope it's not to bother me."
White looked at her, but she stared back at him until he felt every last empathetic impulse of his mind retreat. He put his checkbook back in his pocket and straightened his tie.
"I wish you well," White said and walked back toward his car. "Come on, Otto."
Otto thanked the woman for the time and gave a little deferential bow, but she just stared at him until he was glad to turn and follow his employer. The air felt cooler once they were off the porch and walking across the soft bluish grass.
Ernest started the car in silence and they drove away. As they shot between stands of trees and yellowed fields Otto turned to see Mr. White take something out of his wallet. It was a picture of Constance as she had been years ago. Otto could see she was poised, happy and beautiful, with a spark of irony and intelligence in her eyes.
White tore it up and tossed it out the window. "Thanks," he said to Otto.
"For what?"
"For standing behind me. If I hadn't known you were there, I might've run off screaming."
"It was nothing," Otto said.
"No," White said, stabbing his finger at the dashboard. "It was something I had to do. There are some things a man must forcibly put behind him if he's ever going to get any work done." 
"So, that was you putting her behind you?
He shifted gears roughly as they climbed a shallow hill.  "I had to be certain there were no mixed signals."
"She seemed sure enough."
Ernest lit a cigarette, puffed some smoke, stared at him, but then looked back at the road. "Message delivered - duty done. I've made one crucial advancement in defusing the larger problem of returning here."
He drove roughly but not unhappily the rest of the way home.
*
The next day Mr. White and Otto went into the west end of the house and opened a door into a long-unused room. It was dusty and dark. Otto parted the gray curtains so that the air lit with dust motes. The room was spartan - one small desk against an empty wall, with two walls of shelves loaded with farm implement catalogs, give-away almanacs and county extension tomes.  
"Let's get some air in here," White said. "This used to be my father’s study."
Otto struggled at a window until he finally hoisted it with a loud cracking noise that made him think he had broken it. He repeated the process on the other window and then a slight breeze began to stir. Mr. White set a book on top of some old papers to hold them down. Then he turned to Otto.
"We’ll have to clear this place out, clean it up, and put a real desk in here.  Then it will do well enough for my research."
Over the next several days Otto got the room in order, and then Mr. White sealed himself inside it to make a run at his scholarly project. He sat walled in by box after box of his monographs-in-progress and his codices of ancient tongues. After an initial burst of energy, however, he found himself mostly staring out the window, and when an embossed invitation from the Ladies' Guild arrived in the mail, he practically leapt at the opportunity to give a talk on the designated topic: "Many Races, Many Places, Many Faces." He spent days cribbing notes for his speech. He stomped up and down the hall practicing the cadence of his delivery, its fervor, its candor and emotion. But when the event actually arrived and he had delivered his oration ("Key Indicators of an Indo-European Ur-Kultur and the Potential for Revitalization of a Dignifying World View in a Post-Industrial Millennium"), the only reaction was a smattering of polite applause followed by the clattering of forks on cake plates and then complete and utter silence.
"So you see," he said, "the idea of charity, which heretofore had been a goal only, or worse, a maxim inducing obedience through guilt, will, through our advancements in science and economic prosperity, guided by new revelations of social interaction via the World Spirit, of which democracy has been but the first, faint foreshadowing of true Emancipation, will become, in fact, a reality, a new age of peace, leisure, and a consequentially greatly expanded time for altruistic introspection and Self-discovery."
Silence.
"I’m sure you’re right," an old lady said.
"My but that’s a handsome tie."
"Did you bring any pictures?" asked a woman hopefully. "Or maybe some slides?"
"Of what?" he asked. "Of Nirvana?"
"Oh yes - or of the Eiffel tower. Of anything." Her jolly visage glowed hopefully.
"Or pictures of India, or the Himalayas, or Egypt?" a timid bird chimed in.
"I’m sorry no - no pictures, no slides."
They groaned, but only softly, because they had been raised to be polite.
He sat puzzled and fuming while they finished their punch and cake. Finally he heard his own voice squeak, "I did meet Hemingway once."
Several sets of octogenarian eyes suddenly sparked to fiery life. "Yes? And..?"
"He was a classless drunk. A cad to the ladies. And yes... a bastard."
They gasped and were shocked - such strong language! - but could not wait to hear more. So he spoon fed them gossip about the world’s most famous bearded self-promoter, his love life, his vices, his charades and secret contempts - and they ate it all up. They loved it, but he hated himself with every sentence, and with some effort he finally extricated himself and bid them good afternoon.
All the way home he felt the sting of shame for sinking to their level, for going the easy route of gossip, and he sent himself back to his study more determined than ever to wrest even one inspired idea from his papers and the brown walls and the solitude. Deep down he knew he had needed to come back here to unclutter his mind, to unpack the turmoil and the convolution that had accumulated during his long years in Europe. Almost too late had he realized the debilitating gloomy pressure that Europe had been imposing upon his mind, the need to trivialize the novel and aggrandize the trivial, the need to be pedigreed and bored. He must shake it all off.
 And so he sat and worked and tried, but he knew that too much hurrying of the process would only wind his psyche tighter. And so he waited. He tilled. He hummed. He learned to whittle. He tried 1000 things to distract himself enough to let his brain sneak up on him with one inspired idea that would cut loose the logjam of his creativity.
One afternoon he suddenly got an idea of something to write - an aphorism - a thought for his book of important thoughts - but discovered he was out of ink. He went around the house and found three bottles, all dry. He shouted for Otto but then remembered he had sent him to the County Extension office, and that meant the car was gone, too. So he decided he would walk in to town and get some ink himself. He walked out the porch and pulled the straps of his red suspenders back onto his shoulders and paused to smooth the hair he had been harrying all day. He set off on the road to town, repeating the saying over and over lest he forget it by the time he purchased the ink:
"Habit is the watchdog of the Sacred. Train it young."
"Habit is the watchdog of the Sacred. Train it young." 
But soon he found himself thinking about dogs, including a big shambling sheepdog he had befriended for three days as a boy before it ran off mysteriously into the hills forever, and so by the time he got to town the aphorism was somewhat garbled in his mind, at best. He entered town and made his way to the few blocks of the businesses. It was late afternoon and people were heading home for the day. They passed him on the road, and some nodded and tipped their hats and some did not. Yellow and pink light spread out ahead of him. He rounded a corner and walked to the print store.
The doorbell jingled as he walked into the dark shop. He saw a man working in the depths of the store behind the counter so he coughed a little then announced, "I need some ink, please."
A lanky, slim-faced man in a smudgy white smock and a green eye shade turned and squinted at him until a look of recognition lit his face. He was the son of the lanky, lean-faced man who had run the shop when White was a boy. The fellow came forward, wiping his hands on his smock and smiling. "Oh, Mr. White, we have those cards you requested."
He had forgotten all about them.
The man reached to the shelves behind the counter and picked up a small box. "Flown in from New York like you asked." He opened the box and handed Mr. White one of the cards. White held it at arm's length and examined it:
Mr. Ernest L. White
philanthropist, theosophist, expeditionary
~ mental traveler ~
He turned it in his hands, bent and bowed it, ran his thumb over the embossed blue letters. It looked rather fine.
"How many boxes did I order?"
"Ten dozen."
"Well, that should be enough. Can you have them delivered?"
"Certainly."
White paid him, took his ink and one small box of the cards, and walked back out into the remainder of the day, but not before writing what remained of his aphorism on the back of one of the cards and sketching a picture of a sheepdog.
As he put the store behind him he faced the  aspect of a nearly-empty Main Street at dusk. Here and there a motor hummed or hooves clopped, then faded again. Mothers' distant voices called their children to supper. He looked up and down the wide street at the few tall storefronts and then crossed the green square in the middle of town to get to the post office before it closed. It was hot and dingy and brown inside, with dustmotes adding to the stultifying sensation. A gaunt man in a striped blue shirt gave him some letters then also reached into a pigeon-hole and extracted a long mailing tube. White took it from his hands and knew instantly what it was – the preliminary sketches he'd commissioned for the museum while in New York had arrived.
He felt a thrill of excitement. He walked over to a table and opened the tube and shook out its rolled documents. These he spread out quickly, one upon the other. His eyes traced their blue lines lovingly. These represented the first real stab at his big idea, its first intersection with reality. His idea, which he had arrived upon in the last few years, was this: he would build a museum of the history of Mankind in the World (Menschheit in der Welt as he liked to call it because things sounded more important in German), and he would build it here, in the former Indian Territories, to commemorate this as the place where the myth of the ultima thule had finally petered out and the Western appetite had turned back upon itself to pick among the scraps it had hurried past in its march to the Pacific, to search for clues to its Identity in mental geography rather than physical space, to gobble up what it has discarded and then eye its other cast-offs hungrily. It would be a history of the world to rival Orwell's, writ with pot shards and totems and weapons and tools and utensils and more - the older and dirtier the better. The exhibits would be arranged in concentric wheel-like shapes that were navigable in infinitely unique ways, according to the visitor's whim. There would be a hundred entrances to the museum, but only one exit. Each artifact would be accompanied by an explanatory block of text; each block of text would have an accompanying poem; the museum visitor would be able to compose his or her own grand epic poem about the history of the Western world depending on the way he chose to navigate the museum and punched out the corresponding holes in the guide book. There would be visitors' remembrance books for sale in the lobby into which the blocks of poems could be printed and configured. Each one would be a masterpiece. He would sign as many as he could. It would take at least ten years to build; he would have to call in all his collected treasures from around the world and have them packed in by plane, by crate, by mule, by boat.
As White hunched over his plans and pondered them, he felt a sudden fear that the idea was turning to ash even as his mind examined it. He rolled the documents back up quickly and stuffed them in the tube. He reminded himself that a mind mustn't touch the highest ideas lightly, lest they lose their savor in familiarity and idle introspection.
He had walked half way back to his house when there came a half-hearted clap of thunder and a light rain began to fall. He ducked beneath a grove of trees along the side of road and immediately thought he saw someone deeper within them.
"You brought the band in for her, not for me."
He felt a bright shudder go through him. The figure he saw, in the trees or in his mind, was young and lithe like a deer.
"Hello!" he said. 
But he did not see her anymore, though all the rest of the way home he felt like he was being watched.
Chapter 3
One whole side of town, which had formerly been farmland, was now lined with row after row of hastily-constructed houses, cheap flat shacks to hold the many workers who would help scrape the land and build the dam and flood the valley for the highly-touted lake. And alongside the road into town was a sign in hues of sun-bleached teal and orange announcing the lake itself and reading "Welcome to Progress, Future Home of the World’s Largest Multi-Arch Dam!" And in the foreground images of ideal families hugged the shoreline of the lake, picnicking, fishing, and boating on its too-blue waters, while in the background was a second image of a family in their living room enjoying the dam’s Promethean gift of electricity - Dad reading the paper by lamp light and the family listening to the radio (save for mother, who was busy cooking dinner with about 14 electrical appliances). And in the lower right corner of the sign were the names of every politician connected with approving the project or funding the project or overseeing the project or in some other way interested in re-election.
Otto found himself driving through this part of town to settle in gentlemanly fashion a rather ungentlemanly breach of agreement between the men who erected this housing and White’s mother’s estate.  White’s mother had actually owned the land that had undergone this sudden, bleak conversion, but she had sold it to men only because they had misrepresented their intentions – they had promised the old lady their goal was to erect an Indian Mission and an orphanage.
And so Otto parked outside of one shack one notch nicer than the rest and walked up to meet with two men who were dressed one notch more nicely than the rest and who smiled the sort of oily smile that said they knew what they had done was unethical but also that they stood tentatively protected inside one traced loop of the law.
Otto nodded to them and they all walked into the office and left the door open because it was a warm day and the room was small enough as it was. Some legal documents had been prepared in advance and rested on a table in the middle of the room, and the three men hovered around these and Otto bent down to scrutinize them while the two oily men made small talk about the weather and how nice it was to have Mr. White back. Otto mumbled nothings in reply and looked carefully over the papers that waived White’s claim to injury in exchange for an agreement to sell him back the land, at a fixed price that was too generous, when the dam construction was complete.
As his eyes scanned the lines, Otto heard a small crowd of the workmen conversing outside. They had gathered at the appearance of his fancy car and had reckoned who he represented. Their talk turned to his newly-returned employer:
"So how’d he get so rich? I suppose it’s oil money, isn’t it?"
"Oil, sure – he owns oil now – but the money comes from something his uncle invented years ago – some part that makes every last engine that comes out of Detroit run like clockwork. And by "uncle" I mean his natural born father – that’s right – this fellow’s real dad died when he was young and left his sour old brother and his wife a ton of money and the job of raising his son. The woman was as good as gold but his "father" – that man always had some bitterness in him. No wonder that when he came of age the boy grabbed his inheritance and left as soon as he could."
Otto found himself signing the papers a little more forcefully than he’d intended. The other men smiled and Otto turned and left the shack quickly. The crowd gave way a little to let him through, and as he climbed back into his car he could not help but think he had overheard one of the more accurate and succinct biographies of his employer uttered on either side of the Atlantic in recent years. He was glad to slip the car into gear and leave.
When he arrived back at White’s tilting gray house and announced the results of the meeting, White waved him off perfunctorily. He sat cold and stony in his chair. Soon after acquiring the tube with plans for the museum, his mental block had returned with an absolutely oppressive paralysis. All curiosities lost their savor. He had tried to exorcize it by chopping wood, doing calisthenics, and blasting tree stumps with dynamite. But none of it worked. 
As Otto walked in he handed White a note. "Here is something I was given for you in town. Perhaps this will cheer you up."
"What is it?"
"The local branch of the state college has invited you to help them with a production of ‘Prometheus Fit to Be Tied.’" 
"Patronizing – they just want my money."
"Probably, but at least look at it."
White scowled and read the message. "Prometheus" was a verse drama he had written in the 1920's when he was living in New York. He had performed it to the critical acclaim of off-Broadway bohemians. It had all been high-toned posturing and crap, but he was still secretly proud of it.
 "I am given to understand," Otto continued, "that they have been studying the play for drama class. They'd be honored if you'd attend or participate."
White looked up at him and crumpled the paper. "No," he said. "Flat out no." He stalked off into another room. 
But later, after supper, with his belly full of a red wine and a steak Otto had prepared particularly well, he found himself in a more expansive mood. The mental block lifted itself off his brain one tiny bit. He poured himself a tall drink, sat in his favorite leather chair and thumbed through an antique atlas. "What the hell," he called to Otto. "Tell them I'll do it."
The days passed and Mr. White took to visiting the college and the small drama department, and he took on more authority in the production than the class had intended. He liked the job the students had done on the set. They had obviously studied the cover of the original program for the play. It had been rendered in shades of cobalt blue and orange, all Bauhaus and industrial and stylized. It showed a menacing sky and a jag of earth in the lower right and a man all aglow like a rural electric co-op's mascot with legs like lightning and one arm outstretched holding a tongue of fire. It was full of foreboding and vague prescience, and as such was fine.
On the day of the play Ernest's eyes lifted from the program and appraised the old college gym which was to be their auditorium. It was dim and echoey and smelled of sweat and disinfectant and sports balm. A medicine ball lay in the far corner. The air was filled with the creaking and clanking of metal chairs being set up.
"You're so brave to offer to do this, in spite of the controversy," said the drama teacher, an old lady with a bohemian cast and blinky eyes behind thick glasses.
"Controversy?" Otto asked.
"Well, a small group of religious folks find the general humanistic theme, and its execution, distasteful." Then her eyes flashed big and she laughed. "But I say bully! I once worked with Isadora Duncan!"  
Mr. White stood calm with his chin lifted.  "Bully indeed. I’m going to need a little something to get through this." He excused himself and went through the back door of the gym for a smoke and a swig from his flask.
A scant hour later he sat in the first row of chairs and watched as the play's toga-wearing protagonist swung from wires above a small mob of protestors.
"Blasphemer!" someone shouted, but the earnest freckled thespian that had been cast in the lead defiantly shouted out his lines for all the extra credit they were worth:
PROMETHEUS:
"I've succeeded though the gods bedevil me!
My genius begs gods' jealousy!
I brought down fire and gave mankind the tools to grow
but did they use the gifts I gave them? NO!
Oh what a stupid species I've redeemed.
I gave them fire but all they seem to want to do
is quarrel amongst themselves and breed with kin.
If I could do it all again, now would I?
Guess!
The gods have tricked me, I confess
I should've given fire to chimps instead.
Oh worthless race!
Through your representative I face you,
to find out why I shouldn't just erase you.
 
MANKIND (coming forward, in rags):
"Oh gentle god..."
 
But the play went no further. A protester had snuck back stage and fiddled with the pulleys until the drama student came crashing down onto three or four disruptors. An old lady cushioned his fall. Ernest stepped forward to help the boy but another old woman reproached him for corrupting young minds. Soon, however, two campus security policemen and one beefy gym student showed up and separated the factions.
One of the security officials turned to Mr. White: "I think you better just leave, sir."
"He's the devil!" one of the protesters screamed. He was a pious skinny young man who held a bible and who had worked himself into such a lather that his face was a mottle of red and white freckles.
"Yes junior, I'm the devil," White answered.
"Just go sir," the security guard said, "just go."
And so he did. He took one of the costume department's laurel wreaths for his troubles and wore it as he drove home, going through cigarettes like a chimney. He flicked the spent butts out at the countryside with a practiced snap of his fingers.
It was still early afternoon when he pulled back in front of the leaning gray mansion. He walked in and sat upright in his red chair in the living room and scowled for about an hour. But then he went upstairs and changed. He came down wearing a fresh white suit. "Otto," he said, "That production gave me a headache. There's a special kind of pills I had the pharmacist in Tulsa compound for me. Would you mind picking them up?"
Otto agreed, drove to retrieve the medicine, and arrived back late in the afternoon. As he drew the car to a stop he met a crew of workmen just departing the house. Mr. Perfect was on the porch, thanking them for their help.
"Thanks for doing the job so quickly. No, thank you - farewell."
White turned his back and began to walk toward the house. Otto came up fast to meet him.
"Who were they?"
White paused. "Oh, I have them working on a project for me."
"What sort of project?"
"I'm having them build a study for me behind the house."
"But you have a perfectly good study already, in that room we cleared out."
"Yes, but this one will be out by itself, more quiet, and without the ghost of that stymied old man who used to work in it hanging about. But mostly, there'll be fewer things to distract me. Come take a look." They walked around to the back of the house, and Mr. Perfect gestured out into the empty field.
In the distance about halfway to the treeline stood a small wooden frame. No walls. It could not have been much more than fifteen feet long by fifteen feet wide. There was already a desk and a chair inside it. 
"This is absurd!" Otto said.
But White, with his blue eyes bright and his gold hair askew, pulled his valet by the elbow into the bare frame of the building and gave him a tour of the space with broad sweeps of his hands. "This will all be walls, of course - I have ordered rosewood panels from Brazil, so they may take a while to get here. This wall will be all bookshelves. Here will be one window looking out on the woods, and this one will look toward the house. I intend to begin working in here right away. I think at last I am going to be able to get things done."
"But there are no walls. Why move a desk in already?"
White tapped his temple. "Walls confine the mind. I want to take advantage of the open perspective while I can."
Otto sighed, looked at White/Perfect, then walked back toward the main house to begin cooking supper. As he peeled potatoes he looked up through the kitchen window to see his employer, who was obviously inebriated to the gills, standing out in the field with his hands on his hips and his head held high, admiring the timber frame. Otto looked down to see he had whittled the potato to a nub.
Later that night when he was fixing a cup of tea before bed, Otto looked out the same window and saw his employer sitting out in the skeleton of his shack, scratching infrequently at a notepad by the light of a lantern. He shook his head and carried his cup and saucer to his room and went to bed.
*
Mr. White awoke to find he had slept in his outdoor office all night. He felt itchy and hot and a sheet of paper was stuck to his face. He peeled it off and read what he had written so earnestly the night before: "The eternal views the ternal through me" (crossed through), and "I am the eyes of the eternal." (crossed through with the note "too pompous"), and "Oh, these mortal orbs that try to sift the ternal for eternity!" (note: "rather fine").
He wadded the paper up and threw it at a waste basket and missed but didn't care. He rose and stretched his arms high above his head and yawned like a cat then scratched. He walked out of his shed and to the back porch, then entered the kitchen with a slam of the spring-loaded back door.
"Good morning," Otto said.
The kitchen was filled with the smells of coffee and bacon and eggs and toast. Mr. White sat at the end of the table and Otto put a cup of coffee in front of him.
"Attend a bacchanal?" Otto asked. "Who put the flowers in your hair?"
"What?" Mr. White said, putting a hand to his brow. Daisies fell past his face. He dislodged a rustic garland then shook his head vigorously.
"Out with the naiads and dryads or something?" Otto said turning back to the stove.
"I have no idea how those got there."
"You mean you don't remember?"
"It's no wine-induced amnesia, Otto – I just don't know."
Otto pushed the flowers aside on the table and put a plate in front of White. White dug into the breakfast rigorously and then Otto returned with a plate of his own.
"Sleeping outside it could have been worse, I suppose," Otto said over his coffee cup. "Could have been sprayed by a skunk, bitten by a raccoon, or even carried off into the hills by a puma."
Mr. White frowned. "Laugh, but it may indicate a local youth element up to no good. Things start out tame, Otto, but then they escalate."
"Uh-hm."
"Damn," Mr. White said, already discarding his own theory. "I wonder who did do it?" he added, toast crumbs spraying from his mouth.
Once he had breakfasted and cleaned up, Mr. White came down the stairs with healthy color in his cheeks. He cornered Otto in the kitchen and said: "If I am going to stay here and jog my mind into continual productivity, I need to stake out a route for my morning constitutional."
"Well, there is only one road that goes past here, Mr. White..."
"Nonsense!" exploded White. "Why, time itself could be described as a mere straight line by the uninsightful. But it's so much more. I need to walk the route of my constitutional, to note the objects of interest, the places where my mind may catch and swirl in epicycles and eddies of productivity, like when a person twirls a stick in a cotton candy machine."
"I understand."
White fixed him with a keen eye. "Do you? I suspect you're holding an `I told you so' card back somewhere behind those beady brown eyes. I'll be gathering examples of the efficacy of this constitutional, and of constitutionals in general, for the moment you object."
They both just stood there.
"Fine, Mr. White," Otto said at last.
With that Mr. White turned on his heel and exited, to walk the route of his constitutional, and Otto turned to a sink full of dishes.
The morning was hot, and blackjack and sweetgum trees swayed in a breeze at a spot near western edge of town. To the west of this spot the land was wide and brown and rolled away toward empty countryside. To the east a once-manicured plot of land rested under the towering branches of an elm tree. Spearmint-colored blades of spent irises wagged in the shade and guarded the weathered bases of a plaster birdbath and a saint. The shadows enforced a languor that reduced grass to struggling clumps amidst bare soil and dead leaves. 
Along the side of the road three retired fenceposts sagged with slack wire between them. Off to one side protruded the foundation of a long-gone building, and on this low grey slab sat three people. Their faces were relaxed and unconcerned. The first person was a large, matronly woman, the second a dark lithe girl, and the third a grey old man. The man held a thermos of coffee, and the other two held cups from which they occasionally took sips. The hats of these three people unconsciously mirrored the three tilts of the fenceposts. One wore a top hat, one a sunbonnet, and one a round, banded straw hat that might have been acquired at a long-past political campaign or carnival. The three talked unhurriedly amongst themselves. 
The wearer of the top hat was the lean, dark teen-aged girl. She sat on the gray foundation slab in a straight, shapeless green dress that stopped just above her knees. The top hat looked to have been crushed then straightened, perhaps more than once. A closer examination might have revealed slits where a horse's ears once protruded, but she seldom let anybody get that close. The hat's brim shielded her dark eyes as she sipped and grimaced, perhaps more as a preemptive warning than out of actual annoyance.
The lady in the sun hat was round in body and face and wore a bright flowery dress. She had apples in her cheeks and a cheery smile. She shook as she laughed, and her head was tilted slightly back and her eyes rolled up so much as to be almost all white. Then she put both hands on her own knees so that she was perfectly symmetrical, pulling all things in toward herself.
The man in the faded round straw hat had a thin upper body that expanded abruptly at his middle and then tapered abruptly again. He wore a collarless shirt, unbuttoned to the top of his scooped t-shirt, and he also wore suspenders. His grey cotton pants gaped and crept dangerously south at the back whenever he hunched over to blow across his coffee. His face was round like the lady's but older, past the age when any child he might have ever raised would have grown and departed. His eyes held a vigor untainted by much intelligence or malice, and the firmness of the cheeks implied a zeal for life. He would have been perfect subject for an urban journalist looking to caricature the virtues of rural existence and a clean life lived right, free from the corruption of sin or advertising.
They sat on the grey slab and exchanged only yawns and occasional nudges for more coffee. But then the expansive woman spoke.
"Lord it's a hot day. What say you, hired hand?"
The older man, Port Gil, nodded. "I'll wear m'self out working today."
"You never wear yourself out," the girl said.
"Why, if your papa in heaven could hear you sass..."
"He aint in heaven, he's in St. Louis," the woman corrected. 
"My mistake," Gil said. "I'm getting old."
The girl said nothing but sipped her coffee with a low mean look.
"Who's that a-comin' now?" the woman asked.
They all looked down the road. A white dot was way down the clay road, coming briskly toward them.
"From the bank?" the girl asked.
"Naw, from the bank be comin' from the opposite direction. Nonetheless, Gil, be ready with your hoe."
Gil nodded.
The figure from the distance walked up. It was a middle-aged man with a lean, tanned face. He was wearing an off-white linen suit. He stopped in the middle of the road and stared at the three of them. 
"Where's your house?" he asked.
"Tornado took it," the lady said.
"It's with her papa now," Gil said, thumbing toward the girl. She exhaled sharply through her nose but continued sipping her coffee.
The woman with the flowery dress rose to introductions. "I'm Maye Weather. This is my niece Birchola Park and my hired man Port Gil. We got a house on the back acres, used to be the sharecropper's house. It won't ever replace the Manse," she said, patting the small foundation, "but with a few good harvests I reckon we can start to rebuild."
"And you are, sir?" Port asked.
"I know who he is," the girl said. "He's that fancy millionaire done come home. He killed a man in Europe and now can't hardly no one stand him."
"Murder's hardly grounds for expulsion from Europe," Gil said. 
"It is when they already don't like you no how," the girl continued, staring at the man.
The flowery woman shook with a forced laugh. "You'll have to pardon my niece," she said. "She comes from a broken home and has been sent to me for proper raising. Would you like some coffee?"
"Thank you but I can't afford to break the pace of my constitutional."
"Well, this aint no toll gate!" the woman laughed. "We just like to sit and watch the sun light up the hills as it rises. You're welcome to join us any morning."
"I remember your papa," Gil said, squinting at Ernest White. "You was Chris White's boy, then he died, then his brother Isaiah, he took you in."
"That's right."
"Fine folks, fine folks. Chris liked the ladies!"
White's eyebrows hiked a fraction.
"Gawd, the times I tried to get Isaiah to laugh, even once - so serious, that one."
"He was focused mostly on his farm. It was very important to him."
"I used to be landed gentry myself, til the bank took it. Now I work where I can get work. But my clothes, you see, attest to a more expansive past. I aint complaining - the Lord has plans for me."
"I'm sure he does," Mr. White said. "Well, I must be going."
"Yeah, I remember them boys, them fathers of yours," Gil continued.
"Don't pay him too much mind, Mr. White," the woman said. "He sometimes remembers 40 years ago right clearly and forgets the details of the here-and-now."
"Chores slip his mind most easily," the girl said.
"Why, your sass rocks your father in heaven," Gil said.
"He aint in heaven, he's in St. Louis," the girl reminded.
"I have to be going," the man said. He tipped his hat and departed.
"What a friendly man!" the flowery woman said. "Maybe if we be nice to him each morning, he'll see fit to help us rebuild the Manse."
"He never give anyone what they needed," the girl said, squinting at him as he walked away. "He only ever gives what folks think they want."
"Jabbers like the daughter of a poet," Gil said with a bleary stare and laugh. "'Course that's what she is, though she hates her mama for it."
As they watched the man depart, Aunt Maye commented in the direction of Port Gil, "I reckon he just needs someone to throw him a welcome home party."
"Oh, that's it, Maye." Birchola said as flatly as possible.
"Sounds like a wonderful idea!" Port Gil said.
"You aint got no money to throw a party," the girl said.
"Why, it aint about getting, it's about the giving," Maye said. "I bet the barn will pretty up nice enough. And if he feels welcome, he might give us some money."
"It's about the givin'," Port Gil said, nodding into emptiness.
The girl seethed.
"'Sides, if I say it's for him I can call in a few favors to help with the party."
"Everybody around this town owes him a little something," Port Gil said thoughtfully. "That's why they despise him."
The girl stared at Gil's rheumy eyes then rose with a huff and left.
"Suffer fools!" the aunt called after her. "Don't be late for your work at the drug store!"
*
Mr. White found out about the party through his mother's executor, a thin, humorless lawyer of late middle age. He always wore dark suits that tried to project slightly more worldly success than he could afford. Hence they were always ill-cut and a decade or so out of style. He had a sour face which he tried to rein in around his better paying customers. It made him look like someone had bet he couldn’t smile and eat a lemon at the same time.
The man came to visit while Mr. White was out in his study. He stood in his dark suit outside the naked timber frame one blindingly hot afternoon. A feral hen and her chicks pecked the ground around him.
Ernest noticed his shadow and looked up. "Come in," he said.
The man looked this way and that at the bare frame but then stepped between the timbers so that he stood next to White. He told about the plans for the party.
"Good Lord!" Mr. White said. "That's the last thing I want!"
"I understand, sir."
"I have no intention of attending, but for God's sake, I don't want some half-assed affair put on in my name - much less in a barn. Reserve the civic center, and direct $1000 towards its funding."
"Very good."
"Better yet, keep a finger in things. Don't let them spend the money on anything tacky."
"Such as...?"
White just stared blankly at him. "Oh hell. Here - I'll just make you a list of things to buy."
"Very good, sir."
White scribbled furiously at a sheet of his pad, then he tore off the page and handed it to the man.  "And see to it that Otto manages the details. He has common sense."
The man received the list but just stood there like a wooden statue.
Mr. White looked at him and then stabbed his finger at the list he'd made. "Look at that last figure in the list - that's the stipend for you."
"Very good, sir," the black stork of a man said. He bowed and walked away, while the hen and her speckled chicks let themselves into the study and out again.
White frowned and reburied his face in a book about Plato, Geometry and Egyptology, though the mid-day sun made the pages all but blinding.
Chapter 4
One week later, the evening of the party came. Only a select few had been invited, though rumor of the catered doings had buzzed quickly to the edge of town and beyond.
"Come on – no one's going over to see him!"
It was an August evening and a last bit of yellow hung like a slice of lemon in the grey sky. A boy of about 12 had come running down Main Street. He stuck his head in the door of the drug store and yelled to his friend at the soda fountain.
"Mr. White – he threw himself a welcome home party but no one's going over to see him!"
The store owner stopped polishing glasses and listened.
"You know what that means?" the boy continued. "It means there's tons of free stuff to eat and drink going to waste!"
"Well, what are we waiting' for?" the second boy said. He sprang up and threw a napkin on the table.
"Not yet," the first boy said, "I got more folks to tell." He pulled his head back out of the door and tore off down the street, angling for the Oddfellows' Hall and the Woodmen of the World Lodge.
Word of the party had also reached the Normal College in the county seat. Luke Stringer, a lazy academic with purposefully unkempt yellow hair, sat on the concrete steps of a dormitory and plucked at his guitar. He stared soulfully at the sky while two young ladies sat at his feet on the lower steps, their skirts swept neatly back toward their ankles.
He crooned an original composition:
 
"Going to stand with my brothers,
The workers of this land,
Til hope and freedom,
find the strength to make a stand.
Gonna build me a castle,
That lets everyone inside,
Where the rich man's tyranny,
Aint got no place left to hide."
 
"Oh Luke that's awful," the blonde girl said without much conviction. "A man's got a right to make as much money as he wants in America. That's what freedom means."
"I – I don't care!" Luke shot back earnestly, "There's folks out there going without so Vanderbilts and Rockerfellers can wear minks. It aint right." He shook a fist at the sky.
" ‘Aint’ aint a word," the other girl said. "We're having a test on that Thursday."
Suddenly a fellow student stuck his head out the dormitory door. "Luke, someone's on the phone for you."
"Who?"
"I think it's your kid brother."
"Go tell him to talk baseball or frogs or whatever with someone else."
But the man persisted. "He says that some guy named Mr. Perfect is back in town. Some sort of big party going on tonight – everyone's invited."
Luke's eyes suddenly brightened. "Ladies," he said, "we have an event to attend."
"Are we talking the Mr. Perfect, that guru guy who used to be big?" one girl asked.
"The same indeed. Reformed of course, or retooled or dissipated or something, but the same in the flesh, come home to retire. But if he still has even a little of what he once had, then he'll throw a heck of a party."
Their eyes lit up.
"So get off to your dorm to change and I'll pull around to pick you up in five minutes!" He ran a hand through his hair, flung his guitar down on the grass, and bounded up the steps to get ready himself.
*
Inside the town auditorium, Otto stood uncomfortably in a shiny new tuxedo while Port Gil stood next to him in a motheaten one. Maye Weather wore a shimmering purple gown that made her look like an ethereal grape, and she had worked herself into a state of nervousness. The hall was decked out fabulously in bunting, ice sculptures, flowers and balloons, but the lack of a crowded unsettled her.
"Any sign of anyone yet? I thought I saw some headlights go by."
"They just went on past."
"Maybe they're looking for a place to park."
"There are ten acres across the road to park in," Otto said. "I think they were just driving by."
"Ah, fashionable fashionable," Maye said. "I expect they were looking to see if there were other cars already pulled up, not wanting to be the first to arrive."
"I'm sure that's it." Otto said.
"Look! I see headlights approaching - and this time they're turning in!"
"Yes, I see them."
"Well, would you mind going to greet them? I am going upstairs and won't be coming down for a while – I want to be fashionably late."
Otto agreed and got to his feet. He flung the hall's doors open. In walked a handful of people who introduced themselves as a life insurance salesman, his girlfriend, the town's mortician, and his mother. They gave Port their hats and coats, and he smiled, turned, and dumped them in a pile in the corner. 
"...and he's already got the nicest casket all made up for me. Isn't he the sweetest boy!" the mortician's mother screeched while lighting a stemmed cigarette.
"Only the best for you, mother," the tall, thin man intoned in a deep baritone. "Now don't go shrinking anymore on me, or I'll have to add more padding."
They laughed and pushed toward a table full of bottles and hors'de'ouvres.
Soon afterward came the town's divorce lawyer, then its other divorce lawyer, a hat check girl, three calicoed farm girls with burly escorts, and a Pentecostal preacher two hellfire sermons into his smallest schismatic congregation yet. In the dark behind them stood another group waiting to get in. 
The flow of faces continued steadily for about an hour until the hall was filled with people carrying on. They stood in shifting small groups, laughing and gossiping and enjoying the free drink and food while a local band played bluegrass favorites and made an occasional foray into some popular tune.
Maye’s niece Birchola stood away to one side in a pretty dress that she hated. Her Aunt Maye had made her wear it. She sipped a cup of punch and glared out from underneath her dark locks to warn anyone away, but a persistent boy about her own age found excuses to frequently position himself in front of her. He was tall and lanky but with a broad frame he would someday grow into. It added to his youth a potential for leadership and dashing. He walked up to her.
"Fancy affair," he drawled, but he wore a hawk-like scowl. "Where's this Mr. White guy?" 
"Not shown yet," she said. "Not much for introductions, are you?"
"Beg pardon," he said. "My name's Az Sweet."
"And mine's Birchola Park."
"Birchola's a soda."
"My mom knew that but chose it anyway. What's Az short for?"
"Azimuth. Azimuth Sweet. My mom thought it was the most beautiful word she'd ever heard, and my old man went along with it."
"So we both have parents we should rightfully despise."
"Not me," he corrected her, and his eyes kindled a little. "My old man wants me to get some news on this Mr. White. ‘Mr. Perfect’ he used to call himself. My old man thinks he's up to no good."
"Why should your old man care what White's about?"
"Dad says it's to protect himself – he's a self-made man brought himself up from nothing, and he'd hate to have to claw back up again at the whim of some rich lazy no-account."
She fixed him from under her locks with a dark suspicion. "That don't answer anything."
The boy threw out his hands. "Look – I don't know. He just don't trust this guy is all."
"They go way back or something?"
"Dad didn't say."
Birchola lidded her eyes sagaciously. "That means they do."
The young man's face reddened. "Now don't be ascribing motives. Anyhow, I'm just doing this to keep in Dad's good graces. What my old man thinks won't mean squat to me once I can leave."
"Running away? Such weak men these days..."
"I aint weak."
"Sure you aren't."
He gave her a hot, intense look that almost took her breath away, though she didn't want to show it. "I always mean what I say," he said.
"Well, then, you got one up on your old man, anyway, who aint told you the whole truth," Birchola riposted. She then turned away so that she no longer faced him, but she cast an ear to hear him seethe.
He stomped off, but not before excusing himself with a perfunctory bow like he was some knight from another century. All the rest of the evening Birchola wore an indifferent look but set one eye scouting for him across the sea of heads. She thought he was tall and angry and fine.
*
Otto stood beside the door as a crowd of fifteen or so young people came in. One had a rakish shock of yellow hair and wore a guitar slung across his back. "Friends of Mr. Perfect, from the college," they muttered as they streamed by en masse. One moved over to a radio and fired it up. Its tubes warmed and big band music filled the air. The hired band sent scowls out instantly from their corner of the hall.
"Now that's more like it," the blonde college girl said, and she grabbed the town mortician by the hands and began leading him through dance steps. To his own amazement his stork-like limbs began to comply.
"...Oh my... Oh my!"
"Go son go!" his withered mother shouted. 
Otto was going to ask them how they knew Mr. Perfect when a crowd of grey-haired seniors approached the door. All the women held foil-covered casseroles.
"You really didn’t need to bring any food," Otto said.
"Nonsense!" the foremost woman, a hefty and sensible type, retorted. "It’s the way good country people welcome people home. Now tell us – exactly what kind of trouble did Mr. White run into in Europe?"
Otto’s jaw dropped slightly, but before he could answer more people pushed in, then more, and the oldsters had to move on, unsatisfied. 
A few minutes later Maye Weather descended regally from the upstairs office, trailing a feathered boa and beaming a saturnine countenance.
"The party looks marvelous!" she said.
"But none of the A-list folks we invited have shown up," Otto corrected. "Mr. White's not going to like this."
"But you will see to it that he comes?" she asked with sudden nervousness. 
"I'll see what I can do," Otto said. He excused himself, went out to his car, and drove through the night back to White's house.
While the party had been unfolding, Mr. White had been seated in his favorite red leather chair, sipping brandy from a big snifter and spinning his favorite yellowed globe that featured the boundaries of countries that no longer existed. 
He was studying Arabia when heard Otto come in. "How is that annoying party going?" he called over his shoulder.
"Oh fine, fine," Otto muttered as he hurried past.
"I suppose I'll have to make an appearance to keep in good graces," White called after him, trying to sound put-out.
"Hold off a while," Otto advised. "Build up anticipation."
Mr. White's eyes flashed in appreciation of this, and Otto excused himself and ducked quickly into a small room off the kitchen. He pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket – it was a list of the names and phone numbers of the "A List" of people who had been invited but hadn't shown up. The mayor, councilmen, businessmen, leading preachers, old family names. Otto picked up the phone and went through the names on the list one by one, and one by one he received their excuses. When he had scratched the last name off he shoved the paper in his pocket and stuck his head around the corner again.
"Well, Mr. White, I'm not going to tell you it's not a spirited crowd, but I have to warn you..."
He did not finish his sentence. When he looked in the room he saw that Mr. White had already departed.
*
When Otto got back to the party he began navigating the crowd to find his employer. After a few moments he cocked his ear and to hear a voice confidently intoning:
"...so there I was, face to face with the beast. To this day no one knows what a Siberian tiger was doing in Australia. But there I stood, suddenly realizing my rifle wasn't loaded, and him staring straight at me not ten feet away, teeth bared and saliva running from the corners of his mouth. I could feel his hot breath upon me and...why, hello!"
Otto poked his head into the crowd and was astonished to see a man who was not Mr. White but who was dressed almost exactly like him. This man, however, was shabbier and thinner, with a crazy glint in his eye. His middle-aged face wore experience, defeat, and cunning in its creases. His off-white suit was threadbare and filthy.
Otto nodded to him, and the Mock-Perfect nodded back.
"But what happened next with the tiger?" someone asked.
The Mock-Perfect raised a forefinger significantly. "Why, that's for you to figure out."
There was a stunned silence.
"What the hell kind of story was that?" a farm boy asked. "How'd you kill it?"
"Did I kill it?" the Mock-Perfect asked. "Did I? Or did something else happen?"
General grumbling broke out. The Mock-Perfect sat back and smiled.
Finally a pale earnest boy spoke up. "I think what he is saying is that the tiger is the avatar of our better selves. It seems terrifying until we realize that what we currently are is a mere collection of frailties that have to be shredded away, by tiger's claws if you will, before we can become our true Selves. We are the tiger."
A coarse strumming of a guitar broke out, and everyone turned away from the anemic lad to see Luke Stringer. "No!" Luke barked, "He's saying we need to overturn the economic system that defines all things as survival of the fittest and makes us compete for scraps from the plutocrats' tables when we should be sharing a feast."
"Am I?" the Mock-Perfect asked.
"Watch out fer the Japs!" one of the VFW men hollered. "They want the world for their oyster!"
The old soldier sat back satisfied, and his fellows congratulated him.
The Mock-Perfect smiled serenely, and Otto turned away and to look for the real Mr. White once more.
*
In another corner of the hall a middle-aged encyclopedia salesman in a green suit shared a spittoon with an old dirt farmer. The salesman looked at the farmer's red gnarled hand curled around a delicate punch cup.
"Encyclopedia's aint selling," the salesman said. "Don't know why I thought it'd be any different here."
"You was just following the dam money, same as everyone else. Government plunks down $23 million dollars in the middle of nowhere, folks show up. You wait til some of these people start working and building families – they'll want their kids to have it better than they did, and nothing says that like good books. Encyclopedias are prestigious. I own one myself. 'S'."
The salesman nodded. "That's what I'm counting on – hope for a better tomorrow. Well, that and sales on approval. Since you've been here for years, tell me this – how'd this Mr. White get all his money?"
The old timer turned and looked at him. "You never heard? He inherited it. Folks think it started with the oil, but that came later. His uncle was an inventor. It was like this: in 1909 these three college boys decided to guide a homemade houseboat down the Verdigris River and survey the valley for a college project. The valley had been settled for years but nobody had ever measured it before – not in the way engineers like things measured. So the boys took the task upon themselves, to mix studying with a little adventure. During the day they'd sail as far as the river would take them, and at night they'd stop wherever they happened to be, pitch camp, and consolidate all the notes and measurements and observations they had taken."
"As they sat around the campfire one of them said, 'I'd like to run this valley someday.' That boy was Bill Larr, who, as you may know, is now congressman – he's coming soon to kick off this dam project." 
"‘I’d like to turn this valley into a lake,' the second one said. That boy was John Sweet, who ended up selling drygoods up and down the valley and has seen his fortunes rise and fall."
"‘I’d like to get rich and get the hell away from it forever,' the third, one said. That boy was Mr. White's uncle, Chris White. 
"One night they stopped at a farmhouse and asked if they could impose on the family for some supper and a place to sleep. The family obliged but the farmer had to excuse himself because his new generator wasn't working and he was trying to fix it. Chris went off with him out of curiosity, looked over his shoulder and said he couldn't believe they had designed the fuel metering system the way they had. He looked around the barn, found an old scrap of sheet metal, bent and prodded and twisted it, then fit it into the engine, and sure enough, it worked better than ever before. The farmer slapped his back in gratitude and they all slept well that night."
"When their survey was done, their teacher was more interested in Christopher's invention than the notes about the river. He helped Chris White patent the thing. Six months later the boy received a check for six figures from some automakers in Detroit. A few months after that he got a call from Ford's people, and after that he never had to worry over money again. His investments grew faster than anyone's had a right to, and yes, he got the hell out of there. He married a gal who was even more frivolous than he was, but they died in an accident and left their money to Ernest and his family. Ernest was due to inherit his share when he turned eighteen, but he figured out how to get at it sooner than that, with the help of some lawyers."
The salesman man nodded. He looked around at the gaudy decorations. "Makes you jealous, doesn't it? This Ernest White's been raised on easy money. I can't respect a man who's never had to work for anything."
The old man frowned. "That's not for you to say, not having known him. He may have been through more than you think he has."
But the salesman said nothing more, feeling satisfied with his conclusion.
*
Otto had walked from one end of the hall to the other and had not sighted his employer. He emerged from a pack of bodies and started walking toward Maye Weather at the her station near the door, but before he could get there he felt a tap on his shoulder and he turned to see Constance Marchant, the woman Mr. White had taken him to visit almost the very day they had arrived in town. She held herself straight. 
"I thought it was you," she began, "Ernest’s hired man."
Otto braced himself for a scolding, but she continued:
"I want to let you know that I owe you an apology for my rudeness the other day. You certainly bear no cause for my anger. If anything, you are the one man in this room who truly deserves to enjoy himself. It must run you ragged, trying to keep him out of trouble."
Otto looked at her. "I appreciate that. It's always a challenge," he answered.
 "I’m sure you are an honest and responsible man. Your situation requires it." She smiled at him.
The smiled was unexpected, and it sent a shiver through him.
"One of his psychiatrists did tell me that my engineering background was good for him. It helps me offset his lunacy and keep one step ahead. Some of the time, anyway."
"Ah, a math man – good and solid," she said. 
"Well yes, I'm pretty pragmatic by temperament and training. I went to college and have worked as a mechanical engineer, but I also come from a long line of watch-makers. I try my best to keep Mr. White's life precise and predictable."
"Good luck – not that that isn’t precisely the influence Ernest needs. Mind you, I bear E.L. no grudges – he was born with a flighty nature and he can't help that – but I don't expect he's done much to change it. He's extremely fortunate to have someone as talented and as dedicated as you looking after him." 
Otto noticed that Constance's cheeks were not really so pale or chiseled as they had seemed the other day, nor her eyes so icy cold. He blushed but then talked about himself.
*
Mr. White stood amongst some trees outside the hall, smoking, trying to decide what to do. He imagined himself walking into the hall to a round of applause, but a sting of reprobation checked him. He knew that was not how it would actually be.
He liked standing in twilight between the dark of the trees and the light of the party, but after bracing himself he crushed out his cigarette and walked toward the back door. He cracked it door, slid in, and then stood behind some bunting that had been hung on the back wall, not quite committing himself, listening to the sounds of music and laughs and voices. He looked out from between crepe streamers at the great mass of heads, hoary and slick and young and eager and crazy and smooth and blue, all bobbing and moving in epicycles more complex than Copernicus could have dreamt up. They bowed, nodded, wagged, shook, recoiled, tilted, flirted, dared, sallied, and laughed.
Then as he scanned the crowd his eyes caught on one woman above all the rest. She was about his age and wore a green and gold dress and stood at the far end of the room, and she was tall and dark and slim and strong like Artemis come to Earth. Her bright brown eyes scanned the hall.
He felt his heart leap and everything that was not this woman melted away. Unconsciously he stepped forward and tore through the bunting.
A great hush fell, followed by whispers and gasps, and finally a round of applause – not loud but not as faint as he had feared.
"Hello!" he said. "Please continue to enjoy yourselves." 
The crowd’s silence and staring hung half-a-second more, then reverie poured back in to fill the gap like the sea un-parting behind Moses. 
A few people began to approach him.
"Nice to come back at this time of progress..."
"...lots of hungry people..."
"Your mother said I could have her icebox..."
But White held up his hands to silence them and Otto appeared at his side just in the nick of time to intervene. "All in good time, all in good time," Otto said kindly but forcefully while backing White out from amongst them.
"Nice entrance," he said, turning back to his employer. But White was gone.
Ernest dashed through the crowd trying to find the woman he had seen. But she was nowhere. He poked his head into this clutch of gaggling fools then that one, but she was nowhere to be found. Finally, on an impulse, he dashed out the front door.
The cool black air hit his face. He tried to think like she would think. He raced around to the back of the hall and followed a lane between the tall grass and the trees. He came to where the path skirted the edge of the creek and saw her green and golden figure walking away. He ran and caught up with her, but she did not seem surprised to see him.
"Hello Atalanta," he said.
Atalanta Jones was his own age and dark-haired and tall and had a beautiful hawk-like face. Her brown eyes held a ferocity as they turned on him. But he did not care. He stared at her and his chaotic world of stunts and skyscrapers and pyramids and asymmetrical bad art melted away. He felt like he was finally where he wanted to be.
She stood firmly in front of him, as tall and strong as he was, and glared. "You are a stupid shit to come back here, Ernest. You break everything you touch, and you surround yourself with trinkets because you can’t stand yourself. You broke your own life years ago. You broke mine." 
"That’s not true."
But her brown eyes held a pride that weighed scorn in them, and an injury he knew as well as he knew himself, and he knew he had no words to meet it, and he vowed he would just shut up and take it. She was so beautiful – still now, still then – always. It was the one thing he had wounded time to try to own, wounded his own time, his own life, to try to make himself one notch smaller so he could fit inside a picture frame that had her in it.
"Ernest, it is true. You made a shit of yourself and left this town and life has gone on. You can’t accomplish a thing by coming back here."
"You came here tonight because you wanted to find me."
That struck fire in her, and she looked at him. "Find you? You could have had me twenty years ago if your one goal in life hadn’t been to prove that you were one notch better than your old man, than this town, than everything that was more a part of you than the rest of the world put together."
He shot back. "Has anyone ever done more in their lives to try to "have you"? You were too busy playing the pauper belle of three counties that everybody courted but no one took home to mom and dad. You wanted to be wanted but you sure as hell didn’t want to give in to me – to give away whatever it was that made sure you could never be hurt."
"Ernest White..!"
"Listen," he said. "I came back here and I’m going to stay here. We need to see what we are going to do about it."
She stood off and fixed the shadows with a hard dark stare. 
"Atalanta..."
"You're an idiot to come back."
"Atalanta..."
"You're an idiot."
 "I know that."
"I don't trust you. I don’t believe you came back for me – with you, it’s always about you – it’s never about anyone else."
"Well it is now. And furthermore, did you not come upon me while I was asleep in my office the other night and put flowers in my hair?"
She looked shocked. "Why, to even make such an accusation – why would I do such a stupid thing?"
"So you deny it?"
"Of course I deny it. You probably did it yourself while you were drunk."
"Hardly!"
"Well then, I guess you’ve attracted the affection of some madwoman of the hills, Ernest. Heaven protect you."
He stared at her and felt simultaneously confounded and seething. For her part she looked off deep into the woods but then laughed abruptly and turned back to him. "My God, look at you – you look old and worn out. Life is killing you." 
"I know," he said. "I’ve missed you. You are one of the few people I ever met who knew the right mix of death in life – of risk when protection would kill you, of protection when the world would eat you alive. You knew sorrow when you needed it but love and boldness in the whole damn big adventure. And not some stupid adventure like a jungle expedition or a trip to Giza. Just living."
"Good God, Ernest!"
She turned and began walking briskly down the lane. Ernest followed her, but it was not until they were far down the road that she let him catch up and walk beside her. But in the end, she did.
*
Back at the party, Otto set out to locate his employer, but his course of action was interrupted by a crescendo of angry voices coming from the entrance to the hall. 
Maye Weather's voice rose shrilly: "Gentlemen, please, some order, some order!"
Otto saw Maye and Port vainly interposing between the entrance and a throng of disheveled workmen. They had the lean, bedraggled, defensive look that was characteristic of so many of the men imported to work on the dam.
"What's the idea of not inviting us?" said a gaunt fellow with a complexion of pallor and soot. "Aren't we good enough for this?" Some of the younger faces behind him gawked at all the lights and colors.
I'm just trying keep a little order," Maye insisted, "Your belligerence is not in keeping with the festivities."
But the gang of about twenty workmen shoved in en masse, and as they did so a group of sturdy farm lads moved in to meet them. Maye retreated to the vicinity of the punchbowl.  Necks tightened and jaws clenched on both sides, and then somebody threw a haymaker and a melee ensued. Women screamed and the crowd pulled back but stayed close enough to watch. VFW men hustled up from the back of the hall ready to reenlist, and others shouted encouragement.
Almost as soon as the ruckus had begun, however, a pistol shot rent the air. All heads turned to see the sheriff in the doorway. He was a middle-aged and pear-shaped man, and his bulldog face looked weary and perturbed.
"There'll be no brawls here," he said in as stern a voice as he could muster. "You people should know better – all of you. But since you don't y'all go home. Everyone."
"They – they weren't invited..." Maye began meekly.
The sheriff looked unimpressed. "Invited, not invited – do I look like I have the manpower to sort this out? Everyone has to go." he said. 
Someone turned off the music. Silence hung for a few seconds, then bodies began to shuffle sulkily toward the door. People exchanged handshakes and heads bowed together in whispered farewells. The sheriff eyed everyone as they walked past, returning greetings when deserved and prying his eyes into downcast faces when appropriate. 
When most of the revelers had departed the sheriff took off his hat and wiped his brow.
Maye Weather walked up wearily beside him and fanned herself with one hand. She was florid with excitement and exhaustion. 
"You put on one hell of a doing, Maye," he said. "Didn't know you had it in you."
She nodded and stared off vacantly and unwittingly took a long sip of punch directly from the ladle. 
The sheriff found an amber-colored bottle he liked, downed a shot, and gave a little cough of appreciation.
"I hear Mr. White causes trouble wherever he goes," the sheriff muttered, though without much conviction. He cradled the bottle he liked. "I'll be taking this with me as evidence," he said. With that he excused himself and disappeared out the door.
When at last the hall was empty Maye stood in one corner and let out one long sigh. The space before her, that had been life-filled and bustling just moments ago, was now an empty shell littered with torn bunting, confetti, and balloons. 
Otto came up and handed both her and Port Gil a push broom. He then proceeded to the far corner with his own.
*
The next day Ernest came home late in the morning. His face was wrinkled up like an unmade bed. He said only a few gruff words to Otto, grabbed a cup of cold coffee and scowled, stabbed at his breakfast like it was his mortal enemy, and then buried himself in his books.
Chapter 5
Atalanta Jones was dark with more than a hint of the French blood that early fur traders had brought to this corner of the state.
Ernest had met her during the years between his inheritance and the completion of his education abroad, when he had finished a study of law and even won a few cases just prove he was not completely useless and idle, when his quickly-maturing and dandifying personage would come home each summer from the world to this little spot of a town like he expected a parade. He never got along with his father, and the father would make little effort to acknowledge him in return. In any case, each summer the father looked smaller and weaker whereas Ernest White seemed ever more vitalized by whatever extravagant exploits he'd indulged in.
Finally, one summer when Ernest was about 25, he returned home and found his father very ill. The house seemed quiet except for the sound of his father's coughing in the back room. Ernest took off his hat and stepped inside. The nurse his parents had hired had not shown up that day and Ernest's mother had her hands full caring for the sick man. Ernest met her near the back room and she asked him to sit with his father while she fixed some supper.
"Read the Bible to him," she said.
"He's never read that damned thing in his life," Ernest replied.
"Do it anyway. He wants to hear it now."
Suddenly his father began breathing very awkwardly. Ernest and his mother went into his room and his father woke up but did not seem to be aware of where he was. Ernest stood transfixed by the sight of just how feeble the old man was, so his mother moved in past him and crouched near her husband and picked up the Bible and began reading to him from a random page of Psalms. Ernest left the room to get some air but came back a minute later when he discovered he'd left his hat behind.
When he stepped back in the bedroom his father was awake and haggard, and his mother was sitting beside him. Ernest stood just inside the doorway.
"It's always been the money," his father said, "that lets you think you're special. Even now you're ungrateful. Without it you'd be lost."
Ernest denied this, but his mother's face wrinkled when it looked like they might argue, and she pushed Ernest's hat into his hands and shooed him from the room.
After that argument he set about to prove his father wrong. He set up a small law office in New York and lived solely off its gains, returning at night to a small room he rented. And soon he was doing well. He had successfully defended a prodigal Rockefeller against a headline-grabbing woman with nothing to lose and a body made for tabloid scandal. After that he was in demand but took his leisure to pick and choose. Several firms were watching him and thinking of making him a partner. Ernest would mull over his rising fame and rock backward in his spring-loaded brown chair in his small brown office and listen to the busy city and dream about his future.
But he had met a beautiful young woman named Constance when he came home for the his father's illness, and so to give himself some respite from New York and to rub his father's nose in his success, he decided to start a small law office back in Blaze, for a summer maybe, maybe longer. And though Constance was beautiful he often found himself meeting another girl instead – Atalanta. While Constance was the daughter of some state power broker and always off at socials for girls of her plateau, Atalanta was the daughter of a widowed railroad workman. She carried herself with an unconscious bodily confidence and strength of presence that was who she was, not who she wanted to be, and that made her marvelously beautiful.
It came to be that Constance was his ambition and Atalanta its respite, and he recklessly pursued an arrangement that was unfair to both.
Constance was gone most of one month in the summer, and it was during that month that White's affections deepened for Atalanta. And one day as summer was waning, Ernest White brought a big band into town for her and had them play in the town's square at night beneath paper lanterns while he taught her dance steps, and most of the town came out from their homes in twos and threes to join them, and nearly everybody found an excuse to celebrate something, and Ernest White was in a crowd and yet alone with her, and he was as happy as he ever thought he'd be.
Only three weeks later, however, she had left town and left him, and Ernest White had no idea where she'd gone though he could think of reasons why she'd departed. After that Ernest White locked himself in his rented house for three days and then came out as the white suit man for the first time. He called the bankers from their dinner tables and collected his inheritance and admitted his old man was right about him and chucked the keys to his law office as far as he could. The next morning he sat by himself at a bench at the depot, buttoned in white and with a flask beside him, soused to the gills by 8:00 A.M. and waiting for the first train out of there. He left home with all the money he could grab. He reclaimed the inheritance and set out into the world to make a fool of it and of himself.
And fifteen years later, he came home.
*
From Otto's Journal:
I first met Ernest White years ago in Vienna. A generation back my family came to America from the old world, and I had come from a long line of watch-makers. My father sent back to Europe to work in my uncle's watch repair shop as a way of paying him back for helping put me through school. It was while I was in Europe that I met Mr. White. One afternoon when I was about to leave my uncle's shop I received word that a very distinguished visitor at a nearby hotel needed a watch repaired right away. So I went to see him. When I arrived I was escorted to the gold door of the most expensive suite there. I could hear Chopin being played badly on a piano within. I knocked, and knocked, and finally a Chinese man in a ruby kimono opened the door. He bowed and ushered me in to his 'master' - a tanned and lanky young man wearing a white suit and holding a brandy. It was Ernest.
"Here, fix this," he said and tossed me the cheapest, gaudiest watch I had ever seen. He said he'd purchased it from a vendor in Baghdad and paid a fortune for it, but none of dancing girls undulated anymore.
My God, how he hovered while I tried to work! He'd get in my light and make all sorts of suggestions on what I should do, and he'd pick up parts while I was working with them and then drop them into the thick carpet or into his brandy snifter. Finally I had to shout at him to quit. That only made him smile and retire to the piano where he began playing loud discordant notes until after fifteen minutes I threw up my hands and shouted, "This thing's a damn piece of junk! I don't care how much you paid for it. It's a wreck. And you rich - you never take care of anything. It looks like you've kept it in your car's gearbox the past six months. I'm sorry but this'll never run again."
But he just smiled calmly. "My God," he said, "You're really not very good at this sort of thing."
"That's not it," I tried to tell him. "You..."
"Oh yes, it's me," he said, "I'm careless. I'm irresponsible. But you - you're actually honest. I could use a man like you."
I was too angry to accept his compliment, so I excused myself and left.
A year later I was still in Vienna and I'd had a hard day in my uncle's shop and was in a bar rewarding myself with a beer when I overheard boisterous conversation coming from a corner table and noticed Mr. White seated there, surrounded by an odd troupe of the rich, the talented, the eclectic, and their hangers-on. They laughed and lectured and pouted and shrieked and tried to best each other while discussing some recent expedition to Tibet.
I saw that White was much quieter than those around him. There was a white bandage on his head, pushing his golden hair up off his brow.
I walked up and he recognized me. It was the first smile I'd seen on his face since I'd been watching him.
"I remember you," he said. "You're the watch maker I drove insane."
"Look," I said, "This crowd isn't making you happy, is it?"
"Well, of course not," he answered.
"Then why don't you just leave? If you need someone you can trust, I'll work for you."
He paused, weighed me in his gaze for a moment. But then he agreed. He seemed surprised at how easy it was to get up from his chair. His crowd of hangers-on did not bat an eye, and I always tell myself they probably did not notice until the tab came. For me it was an easy decision, a mechanical decision: I decided to help protect him from the swindlers, and from himself.
*
The day after Maye Weather's party, Mr. White's meeting with Atalanta clouded his head. He now tried aggressively to put her out of his mind and was successful until he realized she was putting him off as well. She had made no attempt to call or to contact him. It was impersonal. He wondered what flaws she saw in him and suspected he knew. "Get her out of your head," he said to empty air. He needed work and no distractions.
Later that day Mr. White stood with Otto on their back porch looking out at his dismal farm. They saw tilting gray stalks and the broken tractor and feral chickens in the dust.
"Makes you wonder where to begin," Mr. White said.
"Well, I know what you can forget about," Otto said. "The workmen refuse to finish your shed."
"You mean my office?"
"Yes. Rumor spread that you had Maye call the sheriff on those workmen at the party, and now they've organized a boycott of your place. That little incident fed into the perception that you think you're better than everyone else around here."
 "Balderdash."
"I know, but that's the word that's gotten around. The carpenters won't come out and finish the project. And the plumber has canceled. I could go on."
"Please don't. This is unfortunate, considering..."
"Yes, considering..?"
Mr. White found something to focus on at the horizon. "Well, because the important people in town saw fit to ignore my party, I decided to show I didn't need them. So I got on the phone and invited some genuinely important people to come out to come visit me to celebrate my return to the States."
Otto scowled. "You didn’t really, didn't you?"
Mr. White nodded. "Yes I did. I was drunk and it was foolish, but they're due to arrive in a few days. Do you think the strike will be over by then?"
"With your money and these tough times, I'm sure you could break the strike, but you would never be respected here again."
"Like I'm respected now? But yes, I know you're right." He turned and fixed Otto with his gaze. "So what should I do?"
Otto frowned. "Well, Mr. White, for starters, you should call up those folks you invited and tell them the party is off – if there's still time."
"Excellent idea," Ernest said. "It'll take some quick work. I have people coming in from Chicago, Pittsburgh, St. Louis, New York, Sacramento, Buenos Aires. The list of invitees is on my bureau, and you know where the telephone is. Let me know how it goes." He strode off quickly.
For the next several hours Otto sat at a desk with a piece of paper in front of him and the telephone at his elbow. By the end of the afternoon he was able to announce that he had successfully contacted and called off all of the invitees except two: the Professor and Woody Guthrie.
"Woody Guthrie?" Mr. White asked. "He's the one I least expected to accept. As for the Professor, I'm inclined to think his visit is a godsend. He did design my museum after all – certainly he'll be able to help me finish my shed."
"You mean your ‘office’?"
"Yes. The man's a genius. The Nazi's had no idea what they doing when they chased him away."
"I'm inclined to think they did."
"Well, yes – I meant the opposite of what I said. I think." He let a spoonful of beet soup trickle from his spoon. "The Professor's liberty is certainly their loss. Shouldn't doubt he'll be the one to strike upon an invention that eventually wins the war against them."
Otto tilted his head measuredly. "I'm sure you'll enjoy his company. Just don't set too high an expectation for his carpentry skills. I have a feeling he is the kind of man who is more at home in the realm of the abstract."
Mr. White tore off a piece of bread. "Nonsense! His cerebral power runs the gamut, from soup to nuts, the entire chain of being." He clapped his hands together. "Good God, I can't wait till he comes!"
*
Two days later a train arrived carrying the two distinguished passengers. The first man who got off was bent and wore a grey worsted wool suit in spite of the blazing heat. He had salt-and-pepper hair, wore round steel glasses, and had on fingerless gloves. He stood on the boardwalk of the depot and blinked at his surroundings through thick lenses.
The man who got off immediately behind him was younger and gaunt. His features looked like rain-etched creek banks. His cheeks were hollow. He wore clothes much like ones White had purchased from a catalog for his scarecrow. A guitar was slung on his back and he carried a duffel in his hand. He held a beaten leather satchel in the other, and he set it down beside the other man, who looked up and thanked him.
"Gentlemen!" Mr. White said, stepping forward and holding his arms out wide. Otto stood a few paces behind him. The heads of Woody Guthrie and The Professor turned toward them. People moving past the depot turned to look.
"Ernest" Woody Guthrie said. "You look as healthy as I expected. Decadence suits you."
"It's not as easy being a capitalist as it once was. There are more rules."
"The great social experiment's outpacing you, I fear - but don't worry - I'll ask the workers' to be kind to you after the revolution."
"Thanks. About that - you see, I have this shed and septic tank...but we can discuss it later." He then turned his attention to the other man. "Welcome Professor. The sophistication of New York is far behind, I fear. But Otto has a room set up the way you like it."
The Professor flashed a benevolent glow at Otto. "I remember you, of course. You are a rare kind man."
Otto smiled. "It's a privilege, Professor." He took up the bags of Woody Guthrie and the Professor, and the four men made their way to the car in a cloud of chatter.
Mr. White and Otto got their two guests settled quickly. Over the next few days Woody took to writing in his journal, composing songs, and making many visits to friends in the region. Ernest acquainted the Professor with the local lore and showed him sites significant to the region's geological and archaeological history, many of which were destined to be flooded by the upcoming lake.
"Is there no plan for their preservation?" the Professor asked.
"The plan is to excavate as many sites as quickly as possible. The university has crews of students at sites up and down the valley, as does the WPA. They've just found habitations along the river bank that are up to 6000 years old. The sin is that there's not more time."
The older man agreed and took pictures of significant objects.
In between trips to historical sites, White and the Professor would often spend hours hunched over plans for his museum, pointing out details and moving cardboard cut-outs around inside the blueprint:
"I think a fourth century stele would go well here." Ernest said.
"Fourth? Or fifth, rather, don't you think. Fifth or nothing, I say."
"Yes, fifth - of course! What was I thinking? It's good to have you here, Professor."
*
Once rumor got around that Woody Guthrie was in town, the musician began to feel obliged to put on a public performance, and in truth he was glad to do so. It was announced in the paper that he would be holding a show. A band of local musicians volunteered their accompaniment and he graciously accepted.
The performance created an awkward situation for Mr. White. The event made him confront the problem of Atalanta once more. Was he expected to invite her? Was he expected to ignore her? Was he expected to invite her so she could ignore him? In the end, he decided that silence offered too many avenues for misinterpretation. So he decided he would break the silence and ask Atalanta to go to the concert with him.
Late afternoon one day he drove over to her house - a small, blueish wooden house set beneath a stand of trees at one corner of a tapering street. He stopped his car, turned off the ignition, and walked across the green blue lawn. He saw her in the fenceless yard out back, taking laundry from the line. She hardly looked like the elegant vision from the night of the party. Her hair was pulled back in a haphazard bun and her lilac cotton dress was faded. Her face was set hard to her work.
She saw him coming. The laundry billowed in the breeze as she pulled at the pins.
"Hello," he said with forced indifference as he came up with big strides. "Woody Guthrie is going to be giving a concert tomorrow night."
"That's nice."
He glimpsed her face but she kept moving to interpose the laundry between them. A threadbare pink towel caught the wind and slapped him. Finally Mr. White just shouted out his question:
"I was wondering if you'd like to go with me?"
She shook her head, took the pins out of her mouth, and dropped them in the basket with the laundry. She marched a straight line for the back porch.
"We should not be seen in public together," she said.
"Why not?"
"Look, it's complicated and I need time. I have things I need to take care of."
"That's not an answer," he called at her heels.
She spun around and looked at him with yellow fire in her sharp brown eyes. It made him stop in his tracks. "I’ve given you my answer and you're not a prosecuting attorney, E.L. When a woman gives you answer like that, you should let it be. Honestly, Ernest. Haven't you learned a thing about women from being all around the world?"
"Not about American women."
She put down the basket and rested her hands on her hips. "Look, you go and entertain your guests and help Woody put on his show. It sounds like a rare, profitable investment of your time. I'll be fine. And you'll be fine – you always are."
He stared at the ground. "You realize I have no idea where we stand."
She pushed the screen door open and held it with her foot while she picked the basket back up. "You have to trust me, Ernest – I have things I have to do. And you have things you need to decide."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
She looked at him. "Do you want to know the truth? I think you came back here because you want to die."
"What?"
"You're a shambles. You need to decide what you want to do, Ernest. I don't have time for discussions like this." 
She went inside and the door slammed. He stood and stared at it for a while. Then he joylessly jingled his keys in his hand, frowned, and walked back to his car with a deep uneasiness inside him. He was glad of the distraction of Woody and the Professor.
And indeed the days mellowed from their initial exuberance into a routine of conversations and chores.  One afternoon found Woody helping Otto planting tomato plants out back. Otto knew nothing about them but he was following Woody's instructions. 
"He's going to let them all die, isn't he?" Woody asked.
"Most likely," Otto agreed. "They'll either wither up or he'll over water them."
Woody paused and looked at Otto while leaning on the handle of his hoe. "Look here," he said, "Have you ever thought it might be time for you to start looking out for yourself?"
Otto continued tamping dirt around the most recent transplant. "Well, he needs somebody. The vultures were picking him apart before I came along – purse-poor royalty, high-toned artists who seldom lifted a paint brush – all trying to get after his wallet. But truth be told now that we're back in the USA I'm inclined to go live near my family again."
"No one could blame a man for that."
"Ernest could. He could make me feel guilty about even entertaining such an idea."
Woody stood up and wiped his forehead beneath the blazing sun and stared at him. "Look, it's good to be compassionate, but don't be so devoted that you don't look out for yourself too – a man's got to take hold of his own life."
Otto nodded.
"Now this may be the pot calling the kettle black, but I think that employer of yours is a bit flighty."
Otto smiled. "I've heard about your flightiness, too, Mr. Guthrie, but you certainly have talent. Don't bash your fingers doing yard work before the show."
Woody grinned, then bent back down to his work.
*
One afternoon, when the light had grown so white and blossomy and torpid that even the contemplation of cardboard stele had become a nearly overwhelming exertion, White turned to the Professor and asked, "Do you believe there could be madwomen of the hills, Professor?"
He rejoined dreamily. "What’s that?"
"Madwomen of the hills – you know, like women in the town, only madder."
The Professor thought, then spoke. "Well Ernest, to understand the concept you must first accept the premise that, for every type or character in town, there is a broader and wilder version of the same in the country, and they are there rather than here precisely for the reason that they cannot abide even the most basic rules of civility. If they exist, they do so because they have untethered themselves from convention; the sky is their roof and the wind their riding crop. They imagine that world is theirs and you are but a chess piece in it, and they play chess with no rule other than a marked affection for the "horsey," and this bit of nonsense should provide as good a clue as any to the disproportion and disorder of their minds."
White thought hard. "Someone said one of them might like me. I am upset."
The Professor frowned. "I would not over-worry. If such a woman has a shine for you, it may well be ethereal, sublime, and harmless. It may not require requiting, or requisition, or whatever the word is. You may be no more than an agitation for her fancy, an idea that would only be ruined by reality, the pearl to her oyster, a bauble for her babble. But consider this, Ernest: tutored by Nature, and unfettered from magazines and advertising, such women could in fact be... extraordinary."
White’s gaze widened in the blousy heat and stupor. "Gosh, Professor."
The Professor looked back at him with a glint of glasses. "Really, Ernest – you have always been an easy mark. I was giving you the bull shit."
White’s eyes lidded quickly and his jaw snapped shut. He cast a sharp but not unfriendly glance at his companion. "My but you’ve picked up the vernacular quickly."
"I like the term – it’s apt and useful."
"In any case, congratulations – you got me, Professor."
"It’s because I know you, Ernest. At the bottom of it all, if nothing else ever proves true there’s this: you’ve always had a weakness for the sirens, and the fancy that when you’re finally done, you’ll collapse into the arms of the Lady of the Lake."
White nodded. The Professor smiled and resigned himself back into the heat and languor, and White imagined the day when he would finally, fatally, faultlessly fall into the mercies a benevolent wad of cotton and someone would tell him he’d fought the good fight, and he would be surrounded by perfume, and everything white would turn to gold.
Chapter 6
Having guests in his house helped take White’s mind off of itself, and in truth he felt himself relax a little bit. He let the days pass without his typical fervent impatience, and he even got out his set of oils paints and went to work on a canvas he set up behind his house, making a study of the dry fields and the line of trees and hint of hills behind them. He would dab at the canvas, stand back and appraise it and nod thoughtfully, but as his work progressed he increasingly frowned. Finally he got lazy and accidentally made the sun too big, so he loaded his paintbrush with every bright color on his palette and drew big angry circles round and round it with his fist. When Otto asked what it was, White barked "L'Orange de Monstre," or "The Monster Orange." Once he heard the title come out of his mouth he cheered up. It was ambiguous and fine. Otto made a mental note to put the masterpiece up in the attic with all the others.  He then followed White back into the kitchen.
Suddenly the back screen door flew open and the Professor ran up to Ernest. "I have discovered something I want to show you!" he said.  The Professor grabbed Ernest’s sleeve and led him outside and across a field, down the road for a quarter mile or so, then up a dirt trail and past a stand of chattering cottonwoods. There on the other side was an airstrip and a small yellow airplane.
"Oh - that's the cropduster's place. He does a lot of jobs for folks around here."
"She does."
"She?"
A woman of about sixty came out from behind the plane. She had on a man's old leather jacket. She was tall and fit one could see a steely tint in her eyes that gave her dignity and composure. She removed her pilot's helmet and loosened her fading red hair.
She noticed Mr. White and the Professor, smiled, and stepped forward to shake White's hand. 
"Hello, Mr. White. We have been neighbors too long for me to have put off an introduction. I'm Sara Owens. The jacket and the plane were my late husband's but I took them on long ago. I helped him with his career so long it was an easy role to step into."
Ernest smiled politely.
Sara walked next to the Professor and slapped an arm around his shoulder. "You have quite a house guest here. Josef heard a knocking noise in my engine when I flew over the last week, so he came to see where the plane landed. He introduced himself and said he thought I ought to lean out my fuel mixture, and sure enough had the engine humming like new again!"
"You know me, Ernest," the Professor said, "I like to be helpful."
"The fresh air seems to be good for him," Sara said. "He looks ten years younger than when I first saw him."
Mr. White noticed that in her proximity the Professor did look younger. And he had taken to standing up straight. In fact, the two of them side-by-side looked instantly compatible, and he had a dawning realization that he was looking at a partnership.
"He has been telling me such interesting stories," Sara said. "He is the most pleasant company. He has let me see things in the world and in history I've never seen from my little postage stamp of experience. And in turn I've tried to put some color in his cheeks. The other day I even let him fly the plane."
"It was fascinating, Ernest!" the Professor said. "The view of this country, from the sky, is remarkable. I feel alive again."
"I didn't know you were dead."
The Professor frowned. "Too sardonic, Ernest – too sardonic! We're all dead until we choose to live."
Ernest coughed into his hand. "Did you lift that from Martin Buber or a matchbook? I need to know before I steal it as my own."
The Professor gave a patient smile. "Ernest, I won't be around to help with the museum."
"What? Now see here Professor..."
"Sara and I are going to follow the crops up north – fly in the open air and see the countryside. I will be back in a few months."
Ernest stood stock-still and felt like someone had dropped him off a bridge. Then out of the corner of his eye he noticed something. 
"Professor – Where are your gloves?"
The Professor looked down at his own hands. "What do you know? I guess I don't need them."
*
The shock of his conversation with the Professor still sat like a rock in the pit of his stomach as evening fell, bringing with it the concert. Mr. White strode about the kitchen. He was dressed up for the show and had added a blue silk waistcoat to his usual ensemble. His gait was agitated.
"Damn the Professor for running out on me!"
"Can't you just relax and enjoy the concert?" Otto said, slicking his hair back and appraising his teeth in the back of a spoon. "And I can't understand why you brought all your museum plans down here to the kitchen table. They just get in the way of everything."
Mr. White and Otto paced asynchronously but nonetheless came to rest standing over the blueprint and the countless cardboard cut-outs.
"Who's going to help me with all of this now?" Mr. White asked. 
"Have some compassion. He lost loved ones back in Germany. The years since he relocated to the States have been rough on him."
"It's damned inconvenient!" White said. He picked up the blueprints and slid all the cardboard icons off of them into a shoebox.
"Just try to enjoy the show, Mr. White."
*
White sat crumpled in the passenger seat as Otto drove them out to the site of Woody Guthrie's performance. It was being held in a natural bowl of the terrain, with a stage erected at its focal point. A sizable crowd had assembled. Mr. White and Otto parked well away from the site and walked up the red dirt lane, approaching the gathering as unobtrusively as possible. White stood behind a line of trees outside the clearing and surveyed the crowd of rural attendees. It was a much larger collection of humanity than he'd anticipated, and it made him uneasy to see so many wild heads, rude hats, so much tattered clothing, so many raw faces. The lantern light of the stage licked and flicked off the sharp angles of their cheekbones and brows. There were hundreds of them, curious and appreciative to be out for music in the cool of the evening. Here and there some families picnicked on the grass. Though the town had offered the square for it, Woody had chosen to hold the concert at the farm of a man who had been involved in the Green Corn Rebellion and local agrarian politics. The farmer, though now graying at the tail end of a once powerful career, sat in an honored position at the front and the right of the stage looking benevolent and innocuous and rounded and sleepy and honored. He sat just outside the light that centered on Woody Guthrie and the musicians he had assembled.
"Y'all want to hear some music?" Woody asked, and the crowd hollered approval. Mr. White had never seen Woody outside of the New York salons of the self-appointed intelligentsia. It was stirring to see him here in his element. It fired him. Ernest stood well back as the rest of the crowd poured mentally forward and coalesced with the musicians and the notes and the twilight. 
After an hour of reverie, foot-stomping bluegrass music and the occasional populist anthem, the evening had darkened. The band took a pause and one of the local musicians walked up to the front of the makeshift stage.
"Folks, we're glad you could be with us tonight. As some of you know, I always like to work a little speaking into my shows," the man said, and the crowd laughed.
"For instance, I hear tell some rich guy who grew up in these parts has come back from Europe with his tail between his legs. That's what happens when you make working folks' lives miserable then try to make them buy the balm of your religion for their weariness."
"This is the kind of fellow who represents the very thing we need to change, who inhabits the so-called highest circles of society only by denying a fair wage to the workers underneath him, by skimming off the top of bare subsistence to subsidize his own comfort and excess, then dares to call his kind of living enlightenment and religiosity and insight..."
White turned to Otto with a shocked and withering glance. "He’s talking about me!"
"Now is not the time to make a scene, Mr. White."
"But it's all in a portfolio. I don't hire and fire anybody!"
"Not now, Mr. White, not now."
"But they don't understand..."
People close by began to turn and look at them, but Woody had already taken it upon himself to preempt the orator. "Folks, I expect we all know he could go on for hours – but how about we play some more music?" People laughed and the orator ducked his head in mock chastisement that made them laugh some more. Then Woody plucked his guitar and raised his twangy voice. The crowd began to clap.
Otto turned to Mr. White. "Maybe you should exit quietly."
"But I brought him out here."
"So the gentlemanly thing to do would be to ease out of the picture and let them enjoy it."
Mr. White looked at his servant. Ernest's face was a tense mask of displeasure. But he agreed with Otto and walked off. He turned and strode down the dirt lane away from the crowd and the noise.
Otto watched him leave then turned and noticed Constance at the other end of the crowd. She noticed him simultaneously. He was not completely surprised when she came over and stood beside him.
*
Mr. White left the concert and drove aimlessly on the narrow clay roads until he felt his mind leading him to one house in particular. It was Atalanta's house. He saw it small on a ridge and he stopped his car off to the side of the road, along a line of trees. He saw another car already parked there. He turned off his headlights and got out and began walking up the slant toward her porch.
He paced quietly up beneath towering cottonwoods until the front of her house came into view. He stopped before he entered the reach of the porchlight. He saw Atalanta and a well-dressed man on the porch swing. A bouquet of flowers was on the swing beside her, and Atalanta was speaking in a low voice but the man leaned in and kissed her.
Mr. White turned and walked back to his car. He got in slowly and pulled the door shut quietly, and drove home. The quiet night poured in all around him, and there were countless cold silver stars in the blue-black sky. When he got home he parked halfway into a stand of dead canes and then walked to his office out in the field. He stepped between the beams into his small enclave of solitude and took a bottle from one drawer of the desk. He took a drink. He felt the sting of self-delusion. He set the bottle on the desk. A night breeze rose and fell and he felt like a marionette of fate, a sum of machinations. Thrill turned to an appetite for rectitude, a desire to not be victimized by desire.
*
From Ernest White's Journal:
I got up this morning after Mr. Guthrie's concert and gave Otto an order to fund a fair to coincide with the upcoming dam commemoration ceremony.
PLANNING FOR THE FAIR: Otto is to organize a fair, arrange it, hire the men to set up the rides, booths, games, music, food, fireworks, and so on. I instructed him to err on the side of opulence. He gave me his usual scowl that meant he'd do it but he'd sulk.
He questioned whether I was trying to steal the thunder from the dam ceremony itself, or to somehow win back good feelings from the working men who have descended upon this town and despise me.
None of these are my intention. On the contrary, if I could remain anonymous as to the source of it, that would be all the better. But knowing I can't I won't try to erase the taint of my involvement. I explained that I just got tired of all these drab faces lapping up outrageous promises from politicians and wanted to see them have a little real pleasure in the midst of all the hot air. And that's it – as simple as that.
If people are going to be spoon-fed air-spun promises for a better life by every slick-talking businessman or politician or social engineer who comes down the road in the years to come, I want them to have at least one real significant event in their memories to compare them to.
*
Two days after Woody Guthrie's departure there was a new source of novelty and commotion at the train depot. A crowd was waiting for one of the state's U.S. Congressmen. The railroad agent assured the crowd that their esteemed representative was arriving soon to be photographed at their dam commencement ceremony.
Soon after the locomotive came to a halt a tall, sturdy young man got off the train. He had curly brown hair and a strong though child-like pinkish face. He was dressed in a well-fitted dove-gray suit with a lilac shirt. He smiled as the crowd of folks, mostly men, greeted him. His name was Billy Larr and his father was Congressman Noah Larr, who was on in years but trying to make the step up from Congressman to U.S. Senator as a crowning achievement.
A crowd of men gathered around Billy and moved in a cloud while he began to walk from the depot to the hotel. His head stuck out taller than the rest of theirs.
"Where’s your daddy?" someone asked.
Billy turned to him. "He wanted to come on this train but had some last minute work to do. He’ll be here soon. We got a big job ahead of us getting daddy's name all over the state in time for next year's elections. They don't know him like you folks know him here."
"Well, they'll get to know him," someone said.
"Maybe – it takes a while to build a network on the ground."
"When you going to get to pursue your own aspirations?" another man asked.
Billy laughed. "No time to think about that now. Maybe once we get daddy in that open senate seat I'll train one eye on congress. But that's gonna have to wait while we fight this fight."
Once the group has made its way from the depot to Main Street a roundish older man pushed through the circle of bodies with his right hand held forward, and Billy recognized him immediately. "Mayor Ryan!" he said. "It's a pleasure."
"The pleasure's mine," the mayor laughed, and the crowd of men who'd formed around Billy pulled back a little to let the two men walk.
"So how's this town looking?" Billy asked.
"They'll line up for you, Billy, when the time comes. Get your daddy to make a few speeches when the day draws closer, remind folks of all he's done for 'em, and there's no doubt he can put this town in his column. Plus this dam is big news. Best thing in the world to get his name in headlines all across the state. Having your dad up on the dais for the project kick-off will certainly help folks statewide put two and two together."
"We've been thinking the same thing," Billy said. "Gonna take lots of photos."
*
A week after the concert, Mr. White woke up feeling hollow. He fumbled for a cigarette, lit it, then sat up in bed. He ran a hand through his hair then over his cheeks and chin. He saw the plans for his museum scattered on his bureau and he could hear Otto listening to the latest outrages in Europe over his shortwave radio downstairs. He looked at the clock and realized he'd woken up late.
Otto had finished his breakfast and was putting his dishes in the sink by the time Mr. White came down the stairs.
"What the hell are you dressed up for already?" Mr. White asked. Otto was in fact neat and clean-shaven and dressed up for something. His hair was slicked and gave off a bracing barber-shop smell.
Otto looked at Mr. White with a tilt of professionalism to his head. "I'm driving to the college over in Tulsa to get some information on mechanical careers. My brothers have been corresponding with me about joining my family's repair business. Demand for a skilled mechanic is going up every month. I know watch repair and my brothers say I can transfer that to anything mechanical."
"There's plenty of demand for a good mechanic down here, too."
Otto frowned. "Remember our discussion? You said now that I'm back in America I should take every opportunity to follow up on my own ambitions. Well, I'm just researching my options."
White sat down and snapped open the newspaper. "Best of luck, then. You were a big help when I was in Europe, but you deserve to get on with your life now. Just let me know whatever field you get interested in, and I'll pull some strings for you."
Otto set his breakfast dishes in a rack next to the sink and was drying his hands with a towel. "Thanks, but I don't want favors. Whatever I want I'll work toward myself. That's the only way I'll ever be good at it, make it a part of my life, you know, internalize it."
"'Internalize?' Is that a word your psychiatrist used?"
"No, it's one yours used."
"Hm," Mr. Perfect said. He had put down his paper and was looking at his reflection in his spoon and rubbing his cheeks. "You know, maybe I don't need a bath and shave today. Maybe I'll just be more of a bum – you know, like some rich man who gets amnesia and ends up riding the rails, and only remembers who he is after getting clunked on the head again? And then he gets all cleaned up and gives all the hobos who were nice to him a million dollars, and they all go to a ball game at Yankee Stadium or something."
"You do that, Mr. White, but I have to be off."
Mr. Perfect pretended not to hear him and tilted his head this way and that, appraising his distorted face in the spoon, trying to imagine what he would look like with an amnesia-inducing welt. But then he heard the door close and knew Otto had gone.
"Damn," he thought. He put the spoon down and slowly finished sipping his coffee.
Mr. Perfect fixed himself some breakfast and then got cleaned up after all. Two hours later he emerged from the house into the bright morning. His white suit in the full sun was almost blinding. He took a swig from a silver flask then screwed its lid back on and put it in his pocket. If Otto left he would do fine on his own. As if to attest to the fact, he stood on his porch, spread his arms out wide and inhaled deeply. The bright sun against his eyelids made him remember the time he'd received an award after his 100th performance of "Prometheus Fit To Be Tied!" He saw himself dressed in a toga and laurel wreath, standing in the arc lights before the roaring crowd, all 1920's intellectuals drunk on bathtub gin and conceit. After the show they'd all gone out to a party that lasted for three days and ended with him hijacking a horse-drawn wagon full of turnips on a mad dash through Central Park. He threw turnips to the masses like he was J.D. Rockefeller throwing dimes.
The world was green and quiet beyond his yard and beyond the dirt road fronting his house. A gentle breeze was tossing the tops of trees across the road and the sky was blue and clear. He sat on the porch and smoked and worked at one of the crossword puzzles from the New York Times that a friend sent him in bundles. He took a drink from his flask and hunched over the paper. An hour or so passed. He got about half way through then tried to erase a word and tore the paper, then he got mad and balled up the page and threw it across the lawn.
He went back inside and hunched over his museum plans for a while. He picked up some of the cardboard pieces and moved them into several different configurations. He made notes to himself of what periods of history to put adjacent to the others for the most spectacular effect. Then he got a brainstorm idea of how to organize the whole thing archaeologically, anthropologically, architecturally and linguistically, but the idea eluded him once a pen actually rested in his fingers. 
He sighed and went downstairs, then out the back door. Out in the open air he felt not quite as harried. He felt his mind expand again and relax. He tapped a cigarette from his case, lit it, and looked around.
He decided that the weather looked fair and pleasant, and that if he kept trying to force the muse he'd kill himself. So he decided he would just walk into town and have lunch. 
The idea instantly pleased him. He stood up and rewarded himself for the thought with a drink. He thought about the food he would enjoy in town. He rewarded himself for that too. Finally through this process of thoughts and rewards he put his feet on the dirt. He dropped his cigarette in the dust but instantly lit another one and set out on his way.
Halfway to town was a place where the road forded a creek and the woods advanced down from the hill to escort the riverbank. The light and shadow here made Mr. Perfect think of Atalanta's eyes. They had been so strikingly beautiful. In the shade Mr. Perfect removed his hat and brushed his brow and turned to see if a figure was following him underneath the shadows, and if it was Atalanta or something wilder, but no one was there. This did not surprise him anymore though it made him want a drink and a cigarette.
From the creekbed the road turned upward and the trees retreated once more toward the hills. From here the red clay lane pointed straight through green fields singing with insects and the soft rustle of the wind in the grass. He walked past tilting unrepaired red barns and now and then a mule or a tractor. A dog barked. He drank to that. He drank to allay the pressure he felt in his mind, pouring out from beneath his self-imposed stamp of a bucolic facade.  
After about an hour his flask was empty, and then its spare was empty, and he was glad to emerge upon the edge of town, near old zinc-mining flophouses which now were home to some of the workmen drawn from around the country to work on the dam project. The single men lived here, in these makeshift dormitories like army barracks, row upon row. He heard their loud voices shouting and laughing and he stopped to redirect himself from the gruff sound. His course now took him behind the sagging weed-crowded fence at the back of the lumberyard.
At the end of the fence he turned north again and proceeded toward the heart of town. He walked across the train tracks and emerged between the feed store and the livery. He walked between low brown buildings toward the wider avenue that was Main Street, with its newer buildings and the traffic of cars and people ...
"Watch where you're going, buddy!"
... on across the street toward the tall hotel's dining room but, at a last faint influence of distant stars, veered across the street again toward the depot at the street's more wooded end...
"Watch where you're going!"
"Don't you know who he is?"
"I don't care. I nearly ran over him!"
... a flash of white on toward the depot and the diner.
He went into the diner and stood out like a sun mote floating, and he walked behind the backs of people seated at the counter and several heads turned around as he went past them but no one said a word. He moved on through to the furthest booth and took a seat and sat smiling.
Mr. Perfect squinted across the diner, then shouted, "Jim, Jim Porter?"
A man seated with his family a few booths away looked over. The two children turned their heads, but the mother, dressed for her afternoon in town, snapped their faces to their plates once more.
The man looked over hesitantly, then forced a smile. "Why yes, Mr. White, it's me."
"Why Jim, I haven't seen you in years! Why not come over here and chew the fat a while?"
The man looked to his wife, and after a second his wife nodded to him. "We'll be at the drug store," she said, and she and the two children got up and left. Jim slowly got up and walked over and sat opposite White.
"I remember we were in the FFA together, right?" Mr. Perfect asked.
"Yes – now it seems like ages ago."
"Did I ever tell you how I got my name, Jim?"
"I think maybe, once..."
"... so anyway, Jim, this was when I lived in New York City and even though it was a charity game they needed somebody to throw out the first pitch and since my law firm was helping sponsor the thing the old man chooses me since the other partners are old and fat and afraid to look like sissies. So I go out and the manager sees me put real pepper on the ball and he's feuding with his prima donna pitcher anyway so he says 'let's see what the kid's got.' So they keep me in there and so two, three innings go by and I got a no-hitter going, and everybody's buzzing and asking who I am and someone says he's ..."
'Some folks said it was from bowling."
"Hm?"
"Your name. Some folks said you got it from a bowling score."
A dark look came over Mr. Perfect's face. "Who the hell said it was from bowling?"
"I dunno. Mostly new fellers – there's a lot of new fellers around these days."
"I'd beat the living shit out of anyone who said it was from bowling."
"Well, they don’t know better cuz they're new."
Mr. Perfect leaned back and was pacified a bit. "So anyway there I am still humming them when..."
"Yeah, I know. That's when the giant thunderstorm hits. Biggest one New York seen in 40 years. Game canceled. You tole me ten years ago."
"Charity game," Mr. Perfect re-explained. "Never resumed since it didn't count for anything. Never got to finish."
"You would've pitched a perfect game. You had the pepper."
This pleased Mr. Perfect more than a little. "Sure I would have. Instead of tiring I was getting stronger..."
The man announced he had to meet his family and left but Mr. Perfect did not seem to notice. He sat by himself and his mind was lost in reverie. Then he got up, left, forgot to pay, then went back and paid too much.
He strolled back out into the open air toward the town square, sat on a bench in the park and fished an old envelope from a pocket and began composing on its back a notice to be printed in the paper:
 
NOTICE!
TO ANYONE PIG-IGNORANT ENOUGH TO THINK EVEN FOR ONE SECOND TO THINK MY NAME TO THINK
NOTICE! TO ANYONE PIG-IGNORANT TO THINK FOR EVEN HALF-A-SECOND TO BELIEVE THAT MY NAME CAME FROM BOWLING ...
 
He didn't finish it. A tirade like this usually cheered him up but today it did not. He'd get Otto to help him finish it. It must run in the paper tomorrow.
The afternoon had begun to cloud up. He remembered that he and Atalanta had met in the garden by the Negro cemetery one afternoon years ago and suddenly they found out there was nothing to say to each other. She sat and smiled and he stared away and sometimes looked at her and he did not finish his food. He met her later that evening and asked, "If I decide to get the hell out of this town forever will you come with me?"
He did not remember her reply, but if it were affirmative it had did not translated to action. He had lived alone for twenty years. 
*
White dozed off on the park bench, and when he woke up his head buzzed and he felt sick. He got up and smoothed his jacket with a surfeit of dignity. The wind began to rise the sky had darkened and he angled across the park to the church. There he roused the old bearish priest to hear his confession. The old man stood in the doorway of the rectory in his undershirt.
"Lemme get my collar on."
"Okay."
They marched into the stuffy church and then into the even stuffier confessional and Mr. Perfect put down his handkerchief to kneel on and stared until the little screened window slid open.
"Bless me father for I have sinned. It has been ... it has been ... say, when'd the first Zeppelin land in  New Jersey?"
"Just tell me your sins, my son."
"I killed a man, Father."
"Yes?"
White hissed : "A murr-derr."
"That's serious – go on."
"They say I did it  – but he was my art dealer and he swindled some Russians. It got confusing. I only hired him to sleep with his wife and he sold forgeries on the side. When he got caught she wouldn't let me spring him from jail. She hated him. But jail wasn’t good enough fer the Russians, and they saw to it he got fixed."
"But did you kill him?"
"I don't know – this was in Europe – everything gets confusing there. Everybody’s got their hand in something."
"You come back when you can explain it more clearly. Do you have anything else to confess?"
"I don’t know, Father. My head's a blur. Twenty years – a dark mess – blur in a blender."
"Think hard. It's been a long time."
There was a long silence and then White said: "Once I put sugar in your gas tank."
"What?"
"I was a kid in love and you said I had impure thoughts – but what I wanted to talk about was love and you wouldn’t listen – so at night I put sugar in your gas tank."
The priest was silent for a moment. "That wasn't my gas tank."
"What?"
"My car ran fine for years. I don't know whose car you got."
"Good God!" White wailed. "How many other falsehood have I toiled under all these years?"
The old priest coughed and told White to come back when he was sober, scrutinize his conscience better, and donate to the church building fund until it tempered his soul. 
White forgot all this the second he fell out of the church doorway and back into the cloudy afternoon. He heard some thunder in the distance. He stepped back out onto the street and a car whizzed past him. He heard the young girls in it laugh and it struck his heart. The sound was so beautiful and young – so beautiful because it was so young.
It began to rain.
White hurried to the sidewalk and the storefront eaves. Once in their shelter he brushed the rain from his sleeves, shook off his hat, and fumbled for a cigarette. He had none. His head began to spin at the very thought of this privation and he walked toward the hotel lobby to purchase more.
As he reached the hotel he saw someone leaving. It was a tall man dressed fine, and a car was waiting for him flanked by a valet holding an umbrella. A small crowd of town-folk stood to see the man as if he were somebody important. Suddenly time stopped in Mr. Perfect's brain.  White moved between the man and his car.
"I know you!" he said keenly.
The man was tall and sturdy but with a youthful-looking face. He had almost strode past White but he turned and looked again. Then he reached into an inventory of smiles.
"Why, Ernest White?" he said.
"Yes," White said. "I know you."
"Well, I think you mean my father – Noah Larr – you and him knew each other way back when. He's a congressman now. Everybody says I look just like him.  And you – you look just like he said you would. I know you don't get back here much, but he says he hears about you."
White’s head suddenly felt stuffed and clouded and he tried to pull one coherent thought out of the confusion. "You're a congressman?"
The man smiled. "My daddy is, yes sir – I guess that proves there's no accounting for some folks tastes." He turned to the people gathered around, who laughed. "Now if you'll excuse me." 
But White continued. "So I was right – there was a murr-der." 
"Excuse me?"
"When your dad was sheriff. Ask him if he remembers 1925 – man was lynched and he was sheriff then but did nothing stop it." 
"I think should go home and drink some black coffee, Mr. White."
But White persisted." Your dad knew the man was innocent but did nothing to stop it. He knew –  we knew – we shoulda stopped it but we didn't."
The handful of people made low noises and the politician's son just shook his head.
"That’s a powerful accusation. I didn't want to have to say this, but you're an odd man, Mr. White."
The crowd muttered agreement but White didn't care. He stared at space until the man who had been in that space was gone. He had gotten in his car and sped away.
"Well, he knows I know," White told himself. "It’s always been that way – I can never not open my mouth. Damn my head hurts."
It began to rain hard and there was nothing left to do in town and he was ready to go home. He fished twenty dollars from his pocket and purchased the  doorman's umbrella. 
"To hell with this town," he said to himself. He stepped out in the rain.
A hand tugged at his trouser leg. It was the girl he'd seen with the crystal radio to on moving day. She was dressed in boy's clothes.
"I can't get it to work," she said. "It can't get the shows."
He looked at her. Her short hair was matted and lank. She held the radio and there was a large bruise on her cheek.
"Who hit you?" he asked.
She just looked at him.
He put a hand on one of her shoulders and the sight of the angry purple sprawl on her cheekbone sent nausea coiling up inside of him.
"Who hit you?"
A man came running across the street toward White.
"Get your hands off my girl!"
"But somebody hit her."
The man grabbed the girl but White's hand locked down on her shoulder and she screamed. Some instinct deep inside made White try harder to hold her and so the man hit White and he fell in the mud. White tried to grab the man's trouser leg and the man turned and kicked him. Fire lit under his ribs and he clenched them tightly and had gotten halfway up when the man delivered a second kick with his boot. Pain flashed across his chest and for a second he couldn't breathe. But he pushed himself to all fours and was wiping the mud from his face when he heard a voice shouting "Stop! Stop!" and saw Otto coming toward them, his hair plastered by the rain.
"You tell him to keep away from little girls," the man said.
"I'll tell him what I want to!" Otto said, hooking an arm under White and helping him up. "I don’t know what mistaken idea you’re laboring under, but I know sure as hell he didn't start this."
Some onlookers stood by as Otto helped White up then sat him on the edge of the boardwalk. The man he had been fighting turned his back and disappeared through the crowd, and though completely ignorant of the particulars the crowd seemed satisfied that he had somehow meted out what White had coming. White sat in a daze and dabbed at his thoroughly muddied white suit with a handkerchief. Otto pulled the car forward and helped White in.
"What a wonderful town," White said and slumped across the back seat.
"Shut up, Mr. White." Otto said as he shut the door.
White lay back as Otto put the car in gear. "What a wonderful town for boys and dogs and colored folks and girls and picnics and, oh, so wonderful and nice."
"Shut up while I get us the hell out of here."
"Cig'rettes?"
"There's some back there somewhere."
Mr. Perfect found some. He took one out but his hands were shaking so badly he had to have Otto light it. He took it back and winced as he exhaled luxuriously.
"You know what?" he asked.
"I know I'm taking you to a doctor – again – that's what," Otto responded.
But Mr. Perfect reclined in the car's red leather luxury. "I know this – God is dead and the world's his old whore, but I still like this place."
"Me and half the planet wish you'd stop talking like that."
Mr. Perfect slumped and exhaled and rested. He looked out the window. Otto was driving past rows of tenant shacks. Their uniformity began to drowse White to sleep. He closed his eyes and in his mind saw an old abandoned building of the kind that he'd already seen at the center of any of the West's most splendid industrial cities, with scared eyes peeking out of a boarded window.
The car hit a bump and Otto was suddenly working to control the steering wheel.
"What the hell was that?" Mr. White asked, his eyes opening wide.
"Tire's blown out. Hit a board in the road."
'Goddamn everything we've done – everything I've done!" Mr. Perfect wailed.
"Please, Mr. White, not now."
White sat back and puffed a cigarette. Otto fought the wheel and the car came to rest halfway off the road.
Otto hiked his collar up and opened his door. He turned back to his employer. "You stay here."
Mr. Perfect nodded and Otto got out. White watched as his valet circled the car in the rain, inspecting the tires. When Otto went around back to get the spare and the jack from the trunk, Mr. White opened his door and stepped outside. The car was parked on the edge of a slope and White immediately slid down a slick embankment, down through trees and brush. He hit his hard and came to rest with his body splayed across a lower road, wilder and narrower, some fifty yards below the one where Otto struggled with the tire. He tried to raise himself but felt too tired to do it. He drifted off.
His body lay across the lane when a wagon drawn by a downcast horse came up. Beneath a sheltering awning a thin young man wearing a broad-brimmed hat and an oilcloth jacket sat at the reins, and a neat but simply-dressed young woman sat beside him. In back of the wagon beneath a canvas tarp two children sat amidst scattered straw that had cushioned a load of fruit on a trip into town.
"Another drunk?" the woman said. "This town's becoming full of them."
"Another soul to save," the man said. He pulled the reins to bring the horses to a stop. "I'll give him to the mission."
"John, you don't." the woman said. "Mother warned me about you. She said you had the kind of soft heart that would forever be bringing home lost animals and strangers."
"The Lord said we'll be judged on how we treat others."
"Really," the woman said. "There's a reason we never get ahead..."
But before they could continue the argument, they happened to look back down at the road at the same time and notice the body was gone.
*
White himself did not know what happened next or how he’d moved or where he went. Later on he could never tell exactly what had happened. In a reverie he had felt strong and slender arms hook underneath him, and he was dragged from the rain to a place that was warm and full of healing, and though he could not wake he felt their ministrations, the owners of these faces with white light behind them saying "no, not yet – you’ve work to do, you can’t come home yet," and so he let them clean his suit and tend his wounds and place a strong-fragranced poultice of wild herbs on his forehead that instantly relaxed him, and then he sank into even a deeper sleep in which even none of this mattered, save for the remembrance that they were some of the sexiest angels he had ever seen. And then his thoughts began to order themselves outside his volition, and he a mere spectator to them, and they began imposing memories on the town from years ago. 
Chapter 7
1905
A man, a woman and a boy walked along the red dirt lane and occasionally a Model T would pass them, and sometimes a wagon with primly dressed women and stern men, but soon nothing passed them at all.
It was early afternoon and the white sun beamed down through a cloudless sky. They had a long walk from the church to home. They followed the lane past the last house and then through open grassy country and wide vacant fields with scattered wildflowers. The old man walked in front, the woman behind him, and the boy several paces back. If viewed from above they would be three black dots, equidistantly spaced, moving slowly, rarely jogging out of order.
When they got home the boy rushed inside but heard a low flat noise from the old man's throat.
"No running."
The old man never said much. He was tall and thin and had a serious red bony face, and he spoke more often to the neighbor men than to the boy and his mother. 
The small boy slowed his pace and began to mount the narrow stairs up to his room to change his clothes. There was no running, no playing, no working for the rest of Sunday, though his mother was allowed to cook supper. 
From the top of the stairs he turned to watch his father take off his broad-brimmed hat and dark coat and hang them on pegs in the wall. "That boy," he heard the old man say. But his mother said nothing, and moved into the kitchen.
The boy, who had just turned four, was an only child, and his father never let him help him with the chores. Never leading the horse from his father's lap, no small assignments like gathering eggs or feeding the chickens or brushing the horses. "It's no work for you," the father would say, and turn back to his job. "Go to your mother."
Because he was never expected to work the boy sometimes wondered if he must be sick, and he would look in the bathroom mirror at his thin blonde face and fantasize about the maladies he must have. 
*
The boy sometimes tried to tell stories to himself to pass the time, but he didn't know what they should say. He had three small well-worn books he enjoyed – they used to be his mother's when she was a girl: Daniel in the Lion's Den, Joseph and his Coat of Many Colors, and Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego in Nebakaneezer's Furnace. But the story of Joseph was the one he liked best – he had taught himself to read at the age of three. He once asked his mother if Joseph's coat had looked like a particularly beautiful sunset, and she had sat with him on the back steps, held him, watched the sunset and said that it had been even more beautiful than that. Ever since then he liked to watch the sunset from the window in his room and watch for particularly brilliant ones, with swirled yellows and fiery purples and dull deep reds, and imagine himself as Joseph, cowing pharaohs with sweeping gestures of his robed arms.
He sat on the edge of his bed in a square of sunlight to take off his shoes, but he leaned back and before long he had fallen asleep in his church clothes.
Sometime later in the afternoon he woke up. He could not tell how long he had been asleep, but the light was dimmer and he noticed the weather had changed. He crawled across his bed to the white, dust-impregnated windowsill. He looked out at the dry fields and the sky beyond. It had turned late afternoon and there were thin gray clouds with an edge of darker blue at the horizon, the air was full with stillness of a storm still far away but hinting, not coming now, but certainly soon. He was young but already he could tell things like this. He had learned most of what he knew about the world from that window. He'd see his father out in the fields or his mother bent over the pump handle and it all seemed too ordinary, too quiet, something missing. 
He changed out of his church clothes into old blue denim overalls worn soft and a white cotton shirt like a little man's, rolled up at the elbows. As he put on the overalls he felt an old rusty nail in the pocket and remembered what he had been planning. 
The boy left his room and walked along the upstairs hall. He went past two doorways to one he had never seen opened. It went up to the attic. It was cluttered up there, he'd been told, full of spiders and precariously-stacked objects, dangerous. No place for a child.
And it was locked, but he had practiced on locks before.
He paused and listened for noises of his parents, heard none, and then slid the head of the nail in the keyhole and began rotating it counterclockwise slowly. At first nothing happened, but then he felt it catch. He put force into his thin wrist and turned it. The inside mechanism rotated slowly, grudgingly, then suddenly snapped into a new position. The door fell open several inches with a  creak, and a gust of dusty hot air pushed past him.
He hesitated but the door swung fully open of its own accord, lazy and inviting. He stood staring up a short narrow flight of stairs and then walked cautiously up them. Each step creaked some but not much under the weight of his small, thin body. He emerged into a small hot room at the top that was unfinished save for the bare plank floor. The roof peaked above his head and dustmotes danced through a torn grey curtain tacked in front of an octagon window. 
He looked around the room and at first he did not notice much. Along one wall was an old brown wardrobe, a few battered chairs, a bland picture of flowers in a vase and a statue of a calico cat. Against another wall was a battered, navy blue steamer trunk. All of it looked tired and old, but then the curtain gusted and  he saw that behind the trunk, against the wall, was a small bookshelf, and upon the shelf was a brown photograph of two compelling faces. He approached, brushed away some cobwebs, and took the picture in his hands.
It showed two people standing with lush savanna of Africa behind them. The man had a thick moustache that looked new and unwelcomed by the rest of the face, but he was proud of it. He wore a pith helmet and greeted the camera with a consciously thrust-forward chin. In an almost cartoonish manner he held an oversized rifle across his chest. His eyes were very bright.
The woman beside him wore a wide smile. Her hair fell in long elegant ringlets from beneath a sunbonnet, and nearly every inch of her skin right up to her chin was covered by clothing in spite of what must have been oppressive heat. 
The boy turned the picture and found a short message written on the back in the kind of spare, strong, female hand-writing reserved for logging births and deaths in a family Bible: "Chris and Claire White – deceased of malaria."
The boy set the picture back down, careful to return it to the same place, and then his eyes settled on the trunk. He walked over to it, paused for a moment, then creaked the lid open. Inside on the left was a stack of heavily-woven tan clothes, neatly folded, crisp and smelling of starch and soap. They were a shirt with button pockets, an outer jacket of the similar material, and trousers. A tan fabric belt was rolled up beside them. Resting on the top of the stack was a pair of small, wire-rimmed gold glasses.
The right side of the trunk was filled with shirts and pants and ties and two folded dark jackets and on top of them all a pair of long elegant shoes that shone a little even through dust and looked like they’d been made from skin of a crocodile. 
In a middle compartment of the trunk were several odd items including a red velvet box containing silver cuff links and a stick pin, a slender black box containing two teak and ivory pens, and a tan box that opened to reveal a gentleman's toilet kit with comb, brush, razor, and a mirrored lid.
But beneath these were two photographs that captured his interest. The first was of the same woman in the safari picture, though here she was younger and her hair was straight and short instead of cascading. She sat on a low window seat in a languid, reclining position with one arm behind her head as if she were staring out and dreaming – well, dreaming and waiting for someone to take a picture of her doing so. 
The second picture showed the man and woman together again, on a boardwalk at some big eastern seaboard city, and they were pushing a perambulator between them. Their faces were proud, and a child leaned forward toward the camera from the carriage. The boy looked at the child, whose eyes, two dark dots, stared back. A shock of blonde hair stood up on the child's head, and in its hands the child held a carved and painted toy soldier. The boy stared intently at it. It was the same toy soldier he himself had had for as he could remember.
A feeling of mystery came slowly over him as he stared at the child, then to the soldier, then to the parent and to his own eyes reflected in the toilet kit mirror. He scanned all the trunk's contents again, taking in each item and trying to sort them out in his head so that they made a meaningful picture, told a story about himself.
As he looked he saw one more item tucked in a corner of the trunk, and he took it out. It was a rounded metal box, bronze or brass, small but ornately decorated. Patterns of trees crawled up the sides, with birds and fruit filling the branches, and the birds all had small jeweled eyes and each fruit was a small jewel.
He felt a great curiosity to open it, but just then he heard a noise on the stairs, and before he could begin to put anything away his mother was in the doorway. She turned and called and soon his father was there too. He felt the weight of them looking down at him, but suddenly his mother crouched beside him and wrapped him in one arm. 
"I told you not to go in here, didn't I?" she asked.
The boy nodded. He looked up at his father, and the man just stared at him with his hard, flat eyes. 
"All this stuff – put it out of your head until you're 18," the father said. "I promised your uncle that if anything happened to him I'd raise you right. No need to let such foolishness go to your head the way it went to his." He turned and walked back down the stairs.
The boy watched him go, and then he turned and looked at his mother, who looked as if she wanted to say something more, but didn’t. She scooped up her son in her arms and took him downstairs. 
They all ate supper quietly that night and though he wasn't hungry he ate just enough to be excused without a fuss. They sat around in utter silence, his father reading a county extension bulletin and his mother knitting, until it was time for him to go to bed.
Up in his room his mother helped pull off his clothes and put on his pajamas. She cracked his window open, helped him into bed, led him in his prayers, and left the room.
As soon as she’d left the boy leaned up for one last look out the window. There was a purple cast on all the earth. He saw the lane that led away from their house and beyond that the edge of the woods, and he felt the sort of sad advent exhilaration that would haunt him his whole life, the sense of some mystery that was too much for him, that was too much for anyone, some sweet secret about the earth that would be wonderful to know but would cost you everything, that would bless you and unmake you.
Just then he felt his mother's hand on his back and she sat down on the bed beside him. In her hand was the ornate box from the trunk.
She set it on the mattress, raised one finger as if instructing him to watch and stay quiet, and then gently wound a small knob at its base. The lid raised and a small, clockwork metal bird began to flutter and sing sweetly. Its eyes were tiny sapphires. Beneath and complementing its sweet sounds was a light metallic rustling of oiled delicate machinery. The bird would cock its head, raise up on its legs, spread its wings, look at the boy and whistle in precise metallic notes, then rest before repeating it all in a flash of bluish steel and silver. 
The boy was silent, but his mouth, open for a moment, now sealed. He looked at his mother, and she looked back at him.
"Between you and me," she said. Raising a finger in instruction, she opened his sock drawer, made sure she had his eyes, and then set it in there before closing the drawer again.
She then returned to his side, pulled up the sheet and kissed him goodnight. "I love you, Ernest," she said. "I love you more than anything in the world." And then she smiled and left, and he settled in beneath the sheets as night fell.
From that point on he felt he had a secret right to pursue some mystery about himself. Now and then he would find new books in his room, hidden in the same drawer, and soon his imagination was being fired with child's stories already outdated by his time, Victorian epics filled with illustrated pages about the Star of Cathay and the crocodile-infested Nile.
 
1918
Ernest was due a large trust when he turned 18. His birth parents, naive and aristocratic in their new wealth, had died of malaria while on an African safari when he was an infant. It had been his father's stipulation that, in case both he and his wife died, the child should be raised by his brother and insulated as much as possible from the corrupting influence of wealth until he was 18. At that time he was to inherit his father's fortune, providing he had acquired the proper moral rectitude to be a pillar of society and captain of industry. If the adoptive parents deemed otherwise, the will stipulated, the estate was to be divided equally among a list of charities, with the son acquiring no more than a token.
When he was 17 a lawyer got Ernest White to contest the will by persuading him that his adoptive father's disapproval would keep him from getting the money. And so one afternoon the parents sat with a lawyer on one side of a brown table in a downtown office and Ernest and a lawyer sat on the other, and a judge sat at the end.
"It's all very clear if you know case law," his counsel said to the adoptive parents. The boy could not meet the eyes of his mother.
"I’m glad to have the law here to teach this boy a thing or two," the father said. "When has he ever listened to a thing I've said? When he hears it from a judge maybe he'll finally understand a few things about the world."
The son said nothing.
The judge looked down at them from the end of the table. "Honestly, Mr. and Mrs. White, I sympathize with your position, but I feel obligated to advise you that I can't see where you have much of a case."
They looked surprised though the son did not.
"But it says right there in the will..."
The judge interrupted. "Wills like this are subject to holographic amendments, provided we have reliable witnesses to testify to their authenticity. Mr. White's counsel has produced one. It seems to me that in light of these circumstances, and considering the sum your brother left you for the boy's raising and your own care beyond, by which you have prospered, it would be advisable to accept your son's offer of lifetime support from the trust, which comes completely uncompelled and in light of the current situation is rather generous."
The parents looked at the son, who said nothing.
The judge continued. "The alternative would be a costly and prolonged legal dispute, which would set you back vast sums with dubious likelihood of even minimal recovery. Case law and precedent weigh heavily on the boy’s side."
The son smiled slightly. The parents turned to their own lawyer. "I did what I could," he said, but he would not meet their eyes. He then reached down and retrieved his valise, opened it, and removed some papers. "I was given the opportunity to look over their proposal in advance, and have copies of the agreement here. It's all very reasonable, stating that he has satisfied the conditions and agreeing to the distribution described in the original document. Given the heavy cost and uncertain prospects of a legal contest, my advice would be that you sign it."
The wife looked at the husband, who stared at the table in front of him in utter shock and flat, emotionless defeat. After a long pause, his right hand rose, took the pen on the table, and signed the documents one after another with a hasty scrawl. After that he rose and left the room. His wife followed. Their lawyer gave one last look to his counterparts around the table and then followed them out.
Ernest White's youthful, boy-man face, hawk-like and set in hues of tan and gold, registered surprise at how quickly it had all transpired. He looked at all the lawyers' faces around him. They were smiling, and his bewilderment seemed to amuse them.
"That's it?"
They smiled in return. "That’s it."
He felt suddenly guilty and deflated, pierced and naked amidst their cynical amusement. "Well I'm going," he said, rising with an awkward scooting of his chair. "I can't stand to be around here another second."
"Oh, you've got to finish your education. We didn't get you out of that."
*
From that day until he turned 18 he lived on his own. He moved into a room in the nicest hotel in town, paying for it on a line of credit extended to him by his lawyer until the day of his inheritance. But for the availability of wealth it was a solitary and basically quiet life. He chose to be alone, to consider the prospect of the prospects before him, to consider himself in the company of himself. At nights he could be seen through the bright front hotel window sitting in the gilt parlor, his lanky body sunk into one of the large chairs, reading through magazines, and he enjoyed burrowing his mind in the printed mix of high-minded passion and low-browed adventure and futuristic optimism. And slowly and slyly his self fell in love with an idea of itself like a bubble in champagne.
And at night that bubble floated amongst the thoughts and stories and curiosities his mind had packed into itself in the weeks and days, and he bobbed untethered in an ethereal infinitude of confessors and showmen and liars, each with his own outlandish gaudy farcical sphere – the wolf-boy the faith healer the pygmy shaman the snake oil mystic Hindu the lilting savant soprano farm girl the albino spelunker the cheesy British comedian, the bubble dancer the "Mister, I seen Jesus" transient the refugee the private dick the anarchist the Shadow. It was their lie with and against your lie – you're an enigma you're special you’re a mystery no oath no credo no uniform can confine you; you're old you're young you're rich you're poor but always part of you is an airy angel, free to hold and mold yourself above the sloganized hypnosis of the Big Machine, the modern substitute for fate.
Ernest used to think that everyone was made for something wonderful.
He stayed in town until he graduated school in a ceremony his parents did not attend. The next day he was at the train station by himself in a new and very expensive suit of clothes. No one was there to see him off. He left, undertook an accelerated study of law in New York and matriculated successfully. He set up a small law office and lived solely off its gains. At the same time, he sought out and threw himself into everything that passed the muster of the sophisticated smart set and the avant-garde. He even briefly became a junior partner in a firm whose name was old and storied by American standards, but America was never big enough for him. Once he became convinced that he had ingested it all, he set off for Europe.
Chapter 8
1925
By 1925 he had already toured from pole to pole and seen the optimistic spirit of the age. He had been to Europe and Asia, seen Alps and Himalayas and zeppelins and shining factories and operas, visited wine festivals and folk dances and parties given by royalty, and seen elaborate village weddings and funerals and rites of passage with beautiful young men and women dressed boldly but nervously and ceremonially, made to stand in a circle, their dark eyes brushing others' eyes with new lights. 
But already he could be standing in the midst of all this energy and suddenly a voice inside of him would ask the point of everything. He would stand there and smile and to people around him it would seem like nothing had changed, but to him the world had gone grey between one heartbeat and the next.
One summer he had come back home at his mother's insistence when his father was sick, and they had a quarrel in which the father asserted that White could achieve nothing on his own without his money, and so White countered by opening a law office in town, ostensibly to show his father up but also out of some grudging realization that now, at last, the old man was sicker than all the other times before and was probably, actually, finally, dying.
While he was in town ready to ride out a short term of austerity in deference to his father’s last days, he met a blonde woman named Constance Marchant. She had not lived in town when he was there before, but now here she was, something new and bright amidst the faded and the familiar. She was tall and lithe, pale with green eyes, a woman of alabaster beauty displaced in this town while her father criss-crossed the state on political business. 
He thought she was very interesting. 
He was in town to look for a space to lease for his law office when he saw her. It was early in the afternoon and he was waiting for the landlord to unlock the offices and let him inspect them, when across the street he saw the tall lean alabaster girl wearing a sleeveless dress and a cloche hat. She looked self-possessed as she strode into the drugstore.
Soon the landlord arrived and White was ushered into the ground floor of a dark brick building to inspect his prospective offices. He liked the smell of warm stale emptiness and the wide wood floor covered with dust and possibility, and he took the keys in exchange for a handshake. He walked out into the day again just in time to see the woman climb into a stylish roadster and drive off like she owned the road. And he wondered who she was and he was determined to meet her.
His inquiries about her around town aroused discouraging reactions:
"She is damaged goods," said local paper’s printer devil.
"Why’s that?"
"Hard like a diamond." the smudgy youth said, "That ice never melts. Her dad runs the labor commission and she went away East to some fancy school. She wants to read or write or something. You have no shot at her."
"Me?"
"You, me – anyone."
"What's her name?"
"Constance Marchant – she thinks she knows everything."
White scowled back at the man.
Over the course of the next few weeks he made it his mission to attract her attention. He got a big sign for his law office and had his name and title painted in big gold letters across its front window. But as a means of arousing her interest it didn’t work. He had seen her walk past a dozen times while he sat in there pretending to pour over the books for some big case, but she never looked up. So one morning when he saw her go into the café he made it his business to just happen to go there at the same time.
He walked in the door and smoothed his gold hair and walked to her table and introduced himself.
"Hello," he said. "I don't think I've had the pleasure of meeting you. I'm Ernest White."
Her eyes lifted for half a moment but scarcely registered, save to briefly appraise him like just another local rube. She quickly and pertly reburied herself in a book he identified as Dora Russell's "Right to be Happy."  Libertine, he noted, libertine.
"I am going to be out of here soon," she recited, "and so in the interest of protecting men’s hearts I refuse to make attachments. It's not personal, just policy."
 "I see."
 "So we are in agreement then," she said. "No childish games of quarry or prey?"
"I could answer you if I could be sure you were talking to me and not your book."
She raised her eyes. They were lovely and hard and green. "So, we are in agreement then, Mr. Man-in-the-fancy-suit? No childish games? I really haven't the interest or the time."
He looked back at her with eyes as blue and serene as he could make them. "I promise you, Miss..?"
"Constance Marchant."
"I promise you, Miss Marchant, that I will not be a waste of your time." He tipped his hat and spun on his heels. He took his coffee from the waitress and departed, hoping that he had put a sufficient agitation in her mind to set her eyes to follow him.
A week of silence followed and then a day came when looked out of his law office and saw her trying to load several big packages in the back of her car in a thunderstorm. He ran out and came up beside her.
"Let me help you."
Her hair was flat and her makeup ran. "I can manage."
"Quit being such a prig, unless you want to drown before you finish this."
She glared at him but then moved aside to let him help.
He lifted one. "What’s in these? Lead?"
"Books."
He hastily loaded the last few.
"Well," she said, "Those boxes aren’t going to unload themselves. If you want to play the gentleman, hop in."
He had barely set both feet to the floorboard before she threw the car down the road with a lurch that pushed him back in his seat, and a few minutes later they were pulling up to a white three-story Victorian house that an old woman let to boarders. It had seen better days but was still mostly vertical, and it had a spidery staircase on the outside that wound its way up to different landings.
White looked up at it. "Let me guess..."
"Yes, I'm on the third floor. "
She opened the trunk and stacked two big boxes in his arms then took a hat box for herself and led the way. He followed her up the staircase then waited while she fumbled inordinately long for a key. She finally found it, turned it in the lock and let him in.
Once inside the door he dropped the boxes from his aching arms and then looked around. It was a wide bright room with wood floors and tall windows and a few efficient pieces of white shaker furniture – a table and chairs, a desk and bookcase, a settee, a bed and a nightstand. On her desk was a photograph of a graduating class at college.
"Yes, that's me – third from the left, second row. Here – I have a whole book of photos. You might as well get all the curiosity out of your system, because I can tell you are extremely nosy."
She went to the bookshelves and took down a big burgundy yearbook and a scrapbook as well, and tossed these to him. "Well, have a seat – look through them."
"It would help if you could tell me what I’m seeing."
"Very well – let me put some water on for tea first."
She put the water on and then took a seat beside him.
"Yes – that’s me with my first pony – I come from horse-raising folks. My grandmother made that riding outfit for me and I hated it. But see here, I’ve put most of my college pictures in the front. I know that’s not orthodox, but I wanted it that way. My parents had to assert their prairie royalty by sending me somewhere East that even dirt farmers have heard of, so they can tell their friends. But of course I loved it."
"So why aren’t you with your parents now?"
"Going to college made it difficult to go back to their supervision. I need to let my brain unpack at its own pace. But yes, in the end I will return to their paternal umbrage, live under their roof and let them feed me, and take an interest in the assortment of thick-necked suitors they have assembled for my pleasure. Each and every one of them guarantees me a future of hosting teas for politicians’ wives and championing a non-threatening socially edifying cause as the unelected busybody spouse of someone important – oh, and the chance to have lots and lots of babies. And as they court me I will make goo-goo eyes in appreciation of their manhood and ponder my fate like a raven admiring bright stones. But all I promise is to spend every cent of their money."
He laughed. "My God you're jaded!"
"Jaded? I'm realistic. A person's got to rely on themselves for happiness. Love is over-rated. The most we can hope for is to maximize happiness through calculated social strategies."
He stared at her until he thought he could detect the ghost of a smile, but then they turned to the scrapbook once more though with her one inch closer to him.
"But why come here? Why to Blaze?"
"It was not without its advantages. It is quiet and removed from my family but not too far, and I could relocate here and not be the biggest oddity in town."
"So you do know who I am!"
"In a way – I know who you think you are – a man of the world, a would-be expert on everything."
This time she did smile, sardonically, and that let him notice her lovely pale complexion and her hair flat from rain, and he felt the warmth of her body radiating from her damp crepe dress and he sat one notch closer and she let him, and so they passed the rest of the afternoon.
There followed a month of increasingly close companionship, and in time they took to walking through town together like each other’s oasis. White was proud to see the slackened faces of rival men watching him walk beside her. She in turn came to expand extravagantly into the role of the urbane woman in the uncouth setting, and she sent out bold looks in reply to scowls of condemnation that were mostly imagined. 
*
One afternoon as he moved an arm around her and some cow-eyed look came into his eyes she pulled back:
"I can't get serious," she said.
"Why? Because there's someone else?"
She threw her head back and laughed. "Because there's me!"
*
Another afternoon found them out in a field with her easel set up, she painting and he foraging through the remains of a picnic after arranging and rearranging some haystacks at her request in order to make them look more real. She continued the conversation of the other day: 
"Let's have what we have while we have it. You do agree, don't you? Everything about your sensibility says you agree. We're both too young and bright to be encumbered. Besides, it's not very modern."
"No, it isn't."
"Precisely," she said and made a decisive stab of her brush at the painting. "Now let's take this back to my apartment and decide if it's any better than the others."
He agreed and climbed in her car and she sat in the passenger seat beside him and on the way she leaned against him and they fell into each other such that the painting was left to dry in the car outside the apartment.
*
But one day when he came to pick her up she was quiet and sardonic and not dressed to go out and after a while he decided just to shut up and not say anything, and he put his hat back on and excused himself and went for a stroll about town. The air was warm and dry after a humid mid-morning and  the afternoon hung in a lazy respite like a hammock. He stopped in the café for coffee and it was there that he overheard the scuttlebutt he confronted her with later.
"Your fiancée back East dumped you?" 
She folded up tightly on her settee and said nothing.
"That's not very modern of you."
She said nothing and tightened up and rebuffed his chastisement, not even meeting his eyes, so he left. He buried himself in some law books in his office for awhile, drew up some documents, then looked up and saw it was twilight and headed home.
He was getting ready for bed late that night when he heard a knock at the door. He answered it, and it was her. 
"Not very nice of you," he said, "Playing me when you had someone else. Guess you won't get to be Mrs. "Married to the Junior Ambassador to Luxembourg" after all."
"He was a pig." She tried to lean again him but he pulled back. 
Ernest stood stock still in his doorway like he was blocking the egress of a salesman. "I’m sorry – is there something else to be said?"
"It was an infatuation that festered too long and became a habit. Being stuck at college makes one do that." She paused. "I'm glad it's over."
He couldn't tell if he believed her, but after making her just stand there looking small and foolish for a full minute, he melted just a bit and he let her in.
After that their association settled into a conventional routine, and she began to talk more of her father and his career, and something in her seemed to be happy that something else had given way, and she began to praise the prospects of a man in a proper situation. But as she did he could feel a loss as their relationship pulled away from the shore of what it first had been, and he began to feel disquiet at its slide into a convenient arrangement that aped intimacy. 
And then she saw him see Atalanta, this girl who was tanned and young and strong and calm, a local girl White had scarcely been aware of growing up, but borne up now on youth fulfilled one notch beyond its boldest promise. Constance saw his eyes seeing her in town and first thought nothing of it, and then with sudden revelation thought everything of it. 
"She's nothing – I have talked to her maybe twice. I'm drafting papers for her father to settle his brother's estate."
But Constance quarreled with White and said he had to decide, and she went off to an aunt’s house for a month to let her absence speak for itself.
And White decided he had to figure out the other woman who had burst into his mind like a thunderclap. With Constance there had the affection for a companion, but with Atalanta there was something bigger and stronger than him. The thought of wanting her to love him made him want to be better than he thought he could be.
*
Orange fire hung like a blob of marmalade in the sky and over the bare foundation of a building down by the river where the town had been when it was first settled, only to be ravaged decades past by a flood and left in a confusion of broken buildings and empty lanes reclaimed by trees and weeds. Atalanta's father's house was the last building before the old town began, down a slope of trees some young and upright but some still toppled and deposited by the historic deluge, heaps of brown timber now nearly hidden in the grass, and the two of them sitting on a foundation scraped clean years ago by a wall of water but now dry and bare and quiet in the sun and the ghosts of abandoned buildings hiding under trees not far in the distance, hollow, some in fields now fenced for cattle and valued by no one but animals who sought their shade.
Ernest and Atalanta sat on the middle of three steps of concrete up to the foundation of nothing. From here to the West her house was the last structure of the "new" town in sight; to the east and downhill the old town trailed in abandon and decay, throwing itself beneath the cover of vegetation like ghosts surprised by an unexpected and instant sunrise, an amalgam of catastrophe punctuated by one big hulk of a broken mill tossed high into the trees. The tops of dusty-smelling cottonwoods sang with birds piping the calls they saved for the hot of the day and the joy of life pulled up from the matted floor through hot sap and exhausted toward the blob of marmalade through green leaves blanched but strident in the sun. She sat with her knees drawn up and her faded blue skirt swept back from her ankles. She sat with her back to the old and her face to the new, turned toward her house and beyond, and through her face poured the mix of haunted structures and reclaiming Nature, pushed through her toward him like a sudden hot fragrance of a bloom of trumpet vine, wild and big as to draw you in, so orange as to rival the sun, like the force of life and memory from what was to what is and then past that, a force on which desire paints faces, beautiful heart-breaking faces into any of which you would gladly pour your whole life, and the ebony in her eyes lit fiercely with power from that first failed merger of nature and desire, with a primal knowingness that preserved and watched and waited, and she looking at him and past him, just a girl, a heartbreakingly lovely girl with auburn hair and the deep tanned skin and strong bare calves and through it all the nature of a hawk, and she looked at him then past him at that last habitable house before the old flood's ruins, a last of the first houses, cast in an older and darker style and costumed here and there with modernity, but not convincing and not much. And when she smiled he was awed by her femaleness, her beauty and patient creativity and mystery and power.  
They met and tested each other's strength at some time and place neither bothered to record, and neither found the other wanting, and they fell into each other's magnetism with a warmth and wonder equal to a new world waiting to be consumed and a wanting to know and be known. They fell into fast company, and Constance was gone and Atalanta made everything new to him, and it was fun to show off for her and tell her about all the weird and wonderful things of the world.
*
White would leave his office at twilight and go to meet Atalanta at the interurban's depot. Atalanta supported her father by teaching at a mission school in a small town twenty miles away. He'd meet her at the depot, the small electric train jolting into town on wobbly light rails in orange evening. He'd wait and watch as maybe three or four  people would step off then there she'd be, wearing a pale cotton dress, hips round beneath cotton, strong calves stepping down and one hand brushing back a wisp of brown hair, eyes down and maybe a little tired then looking up to see him. They'd walk away, the depot behind them, the sound of the small odd train creaking and humming and pulling away, and Main Street mostly deserted with folks away to supper, but here and there a few children already out playing again, and breezes were just beginning to stir as the orange skies slid toward pink then purple. And Ernest White would walk beside her with this little smile coming now and again to his face, both of them looking down neither saying anything for a while, but Ernest White looking at her now and trying to catch her glance, then some small joke from him, or some funny thing he'd noticed that day and set aside in his mind like a little jewel to share with her. And when she'd look and smile and chide him for his childishness he'd put an arm around her and kiss her, and they'd walk together to his car or stroll to the hotel dining room for supper, and when he looked at her he knew he loved her very much. And after being quiet for a half-an-hour or so, just long enough to keep his insane horse play at bay while she recovered from her work, she would look up and have to agree she liked him, knowing full well that admitting as much would mean no sleep that night, as he'd pile her into his car and take her off for some all-night adventure, like to the smoky jazz halls. And the next day when she returned to the classroom she'd astonish all the children by looking like an absolutely beautiful disaster.
*
And all the while his father malingered, sick but perched stubbornly on the line separating decay and demise. Ernest visited as seldom as possible, keeping barely within the boundary of the least acceptable standard of civility. The consequence of Ernest’s stay in town was that he found himself having to becoming more familiar to it than he’d have liked. He found himself having to talk now and then with men who were acquainted his father or his family in one way or another one notch more closely than his new-minted and seamless cosmopolitan personality care to remember or acknowledge. 
He talked to the sheriff more than he cared. Noah Larr had known both Chris and Isaiah White in their youths, and he felt a familiarity to talk to Ernest. He came up while Ernest was speaking with a young man named Michael who was in his own way was an oddity of the town, afflicted with an illness that left him bound in metal braces and sealed from the world of his teen-aged peers, leaving him to only pivot and watch as they buzzed up and down Main Street in their games and conspiracies.
Larr came down Main Street and approached Ernest and Michael with an outstretched hand and a smile. 
"This boy keeping you out of trouble?" he laughed, putting a hand on Michael’s shoulder and looking at Ernest. "I tell you he has the eyes of Argus. He knows what goes on in town – he'd make a great deputy."
"Someday, maybe," Michael said.
"You keep it in mind," Noah said. "You have the skills, and ladies like uniforms." He laughed, and then leaned in to White and said, "You know, if it ever crossed your mind, you could sell me a strip of land Chris bought years ago when he was young and I was trying to run the family business, and we were both headstrong and stupid."
White looked at him. "You ran the business once?"
Larr laughed. "Years ago, but not very well. It fell to me simply because I was the oldest son, though probably the least suited to the task. When my brother and sisters grew up they proved much better at it – they ousted me – hah! But Chris didn't make it easy on me at the time. We got into a tiff and he bought one strip that meant nothing to him but would have given our business easy access to the railroad."
"Why would he do something just to spite you?"
"You know what it is to be young and headstrong – sometimes men just fight to see who's bigger, I guess. Nothing more complicated than two roosters in the same barnyard. But it sure would help the family business now – it would help launch us to great things."
Ernest looked at this man, a man almost the age of his father, a man who had tried on too many careers in his time and was making a new start in the role of sheriff one notch too late in life. His affability seemed forced.
"I have more assets that I can keep track of," Ernest said. "I'll look into it, but if it has to do with land then it probably still belongs to my father."
Larr nodded and smiled. He shook hands again and proceeded on down the street, and White wished once again he did not have to interact with so many people who were parts of his father’s life but not his own.
But it was not the fault of his father when another old face intruded into his life – Ben Sweet. Sweet accosted Ernest one day when he was leaving his law office, splashing on cologne on his way to visit Atalanta.
The dark young man was suddenly at the side of his car. He leaned in the window and his black hair cascaded over his brow. He had been a peer of White’s growing up, a rival and a nemesis in some ways – easier at everything that made one popular back then. He had inherited and squandered a family dry goods business in a spate of youthful intemperance, and his face was worn out more than years alone could account for.
"Why Ernest White," he said, a little slurred. "I reckon that perfume cost more than half the county. Careful how you slosh it on."
"I’m in a hurry, Ben."
"Lend me some money E.L. Times have been rough and I know you’re flush."
Ernest had his hand on the ignition. He paused. "I know what you’ve been through, Ben, and I'm sorry about it, but it takes more than money to fix a life."
"Ernest, remember how we used to be friends..."
A faint flush of color came to Ernest's cheeks. "We were never friends. I appreciate your circumstances, but we both know you used to ride me as much as anyone else. Listen, I have a foundation set up to help in cases like yours. Its administrators are generous and I'm sure if you complete the forms and described your intended use..."
Ben laughed." Use? My use? To eat, E.L. – to feed my family. Isn't that use enough?"
Ernest reached into his pocket and held out some bills. "Here, take it."
The man scowled but took it. "That's fine for a day, Ernest."
Ernest said nothing but turned his car to life. Then he dropped it into gear. 
"I thought we used to be friends!" the man shouted after him
"You know better than that," Ernest shouted back as he drove away.
He hurried because he was running late. He steered his white and gold phaeton at reckless speed over to the light rail depot to meet Atalanta. She was just stepping off as he arrived. He jumped out and hurried over but then tried to walk the last few steps looking slow and unworried and calm. He slid into a casual pace beside her.
"Remember how you’ve been bugging me to teach you ballroom?" he said.
"I have not been ‘bugging you.’ I simply said that I bet those girls you’ve met in Europe all know how to dance ballroom and I sometimes feel like it’d be nice to learn just a few steps."
"Uhm-hmm, that’s not how I remember the conversation, but close enough. Now put this on."
He held out a blindfold.
"What?"
"Just put it on. Trust me – I have a surprise."
She looked hard at him, but his face was bland and pleased and smug, and so she grudgingly obliged. After that he led her by the hand into his car, got her seated, and then he dropped it into gear and took them on a short drive at his usual reckless rushed-and-halting pace.
"Ernest..."
After a little more driving he had arrived at their destination and lurched his car to a stop.
"We’re here," he said, "but leave it on. Just a few steps more."
He led her out of the car and she followed him carefully across sidewalk and then onto grass, and she could hear unfamiliar noises all around them faintly, like plucking strings and tuning instruments.
"Ernest..."
"You can take it off now," he said.
She took the blindfold off and looked around. She was standing in the town green, with paper lanterns hanging in the trees all around her winking green and gold, and a make-shift hardwood dance floor had been carefully laid out in the park’s center, and at its end on a dais sat nothing less than a small orchestra of about thirty or so. Townspeople had gathered around the edges of the spectacle and stood watching them. Evening had almost fallen and the conductor of the orchestra turned to him as if waiting for a signal.
"Now," Ernest said.
The conductor understood and raised his baton and immediately and harmoniously the players began, and the music rose on the air, and Atalanta looked at him and he took one of her hands in his and put her other one on his shoulder, and then he placed his other hand on the small of her back.
"Like this," he said. And slowly he began to lead her across the floor.
"Not so forced, not so forced," he said. "That’s it - why, young Missy, have you been dancing ballroom all your life?"
"Ernest White!"
"I do believe I have been duped," he said, still leading her carefully. "You glide like an angel – you’ve made a mockery of me."
She smiled, and he laughed and she laughed too, and he led her gracefully from steps to step, and she fell into the art of it with a natural and unconscious grace, and soon the two moved effortlessly as the band played on. Other people of the town moved on to the floor to join them, some of them oldsters with seldom-exercised but time-taught grace, and some of them younger folks with less skill but enough unselfconsciousness to give it a try, and laugh at themselves as they did so, and Ernest nodded and they smiled and laughed to him.
Atalanta’s eyes were warm and soft and full of love and surprise. "Why Ernest White," she said. "You have astounded me."
"Yes..?"
She smiled and laughed away a few tears. "Is this supposed to be the part where you ask me to marry you?"
His face opened in surprise and quickly caught itself and smiled and sealed. "It should be, shouldn’t it? But no, net yet. You have your father you can’t leave, and I have mine I can’t wait to get away from. And we hardly know each other yet."
"Yes."
"But," he said, and he looked at her and felt time dilate, "but we have each other and we have now, and no one will ever be able to take it from us, will they?"
"No they won’t," she said.
And as they danced he held her closer, and the evening deepened into its own rich time of shadows and stars and lantern lights, and he felt like he never wanted to be away from her again.
*
Oh, and there was still the matter of her.
"Don’t worry about that," Ernest said with a flip of his hand. "I’ve taken care of it. I wrote her a letter."
"A letter?"
"Yes?"
Atalanta looked at Ernest. "You don’t break up with someone in a letter."
"Why not? To tell truth, the idea of her being angry frightens me, so I’d rather do it long distance. And I used nice stationary and phrases like ‘it’s my fault’ and ‘sometimes people need room to grow.’ It was a glowing, eloquent message that nonetheless got straight to the point and made sense."
"You’re an idiot Ernest."
"Hmmm?"
"All you’ve done is sown the wind – you’ll reap the whirlwind. She will be back here and you will have to face her, and you had better have more fortitude than you did when you picked out your breakup stationary at the drugstore."
He looked at her. "I know you’re right – and she’ll be back soon. Her month with her aunt is about over."
Atalanta stared at him with disbelief and disappointment until he reddened.
"It was fine stationary! It had flowers..."
*
And as summer wore on the weather got hotter and things got more complicated. All the world seemed to be tightening up and growing more irritated with cicadas buzzing high up in the trees and everybody bumping into each other. It made Ernest itch like crazy not knowing if he had misjudged the state of his father. The man just lingered on and that made him yearn to leave.
"You never can tell with these things," the doctor had said, and snapped his satchel shut.
"He tricked me," Ernest muttered. The doctor just about turned and asked him what he had said, but then thought better of it.
Ernest recounted the doctor’s opinion to Atalanta.
"Well you’re glad, aren’t you?"
"Glad? Maybe, in the most philosophical of ways I suppose, but, if he isn’t going to die after all then I want to get the heck out of here."
"You know I can’t leave," she said. "I have to take care of my father."
It was a hot day and Ernest broiled in his suit and leaned forward on the park bench hoping to catch even a little breeze on his face.
"I know. Look, I could pay some local nurse to care for him, and you’d be free."
"It’s not that easy. It’s not just his legs – I’m the only one in his life since mother passed away. I’m the only thing that keeps him from crawling in the bottle completely."
He stared at her. "Maybe he needs a wake-up call."
"Ernest!"
"Maybe if you left he’d finally have to decide if he wants to live or die."
"Ernest White, sometimes I think the most important thing in your life isn’t me but you getting out of here, and you’d sooner leave with her and be free than be with me and stay here and put up with it."
"That’s not true..."
"The people here can be trying, but you’ve got to let them roll off your back," she said. "You think I haven’t learned – the poor little daughter of a widowed railroad man? You think I haven’t felt them looking down their noses at me every day, not good enough for the old names of this town and the crowd that goes to church every Sunday and passes judgment the rest of the week? You have to let them roll off your back, Ernest. People will drive you crazy everywhere."
"These people drive me especially crazy. They’re always wanting things – they know my every raw nerve. They think they know me and half of them think I owe them something."
"Well I hope you’re not going to throw it all that at my feet if I make you stay here."
He looked shocked. "Atalanta no! If I stay here I’ll make them march to my own terms soon enough, I promise. Damn it’s hot."
"Well then you have to decide," she said firmly. "I hear she’s coming back tomorrow."
"I know. Damn it. Let’s break the train rails."
*
The next day was even crazier than the last one. Everyone seemed too tightly wound. He actually had a case to resolve at his office – two sisters each wanted to file a breach of promise suit against the same man – though neither one wanted him.
"He’s a skunk," one said.
"Not just a skunk – a polecat."
Ernest hunched over as he tried to task the deposition.
"Worse than that – a rat. He had your name tattooed on his buttock."
"Well pardon me if he found me tattoo-worthy," one sister said.
"Which buttock?" Ernest asked. "It might be important."
"How could it be important?"
"Look, I don’t know – it may keep him from having to drop his trousers in court. Who’s the lawyer here?"
"The left one." She held out her hands and looked at them as if trying to figure out some spatial reference. "I mean the right one. Look, I don’t know. I never want to see it again."
"Well you sure didn’t have a problem wanting to see it Saturday night!"
"Of all the nerve. I can’t help it if he chose me over you!"
"Help it? Honey, you went out of your way to steal him from me. Don’t think I didn’t have an inkling when you bought that fancy sweater..."
"Whoa – whoa!" Ernest said. "You are jointly suing the respective party, correct? Or am I take to take it you want to sue each other now?"
A long smouldering pause. "Naw, he aint worth havin’."
The other sister nodded. "She’s right  – he aint worth having – though he might’ve been if that temptress hadn’t all but thrown herself at him to try to lure him from my bridal bed with her salacious ways and her Hollywood underwear!"
"Your bridal bed? Missy, if you think for half a second he had any intention of actually making good on all his honey talk to you..!"
They got into a hell of a fight right then and there and Ernest could not take dictation quickly enough. Finally he had had it with them and ushered them to the door. "I can’t write up a solution if you two haven’t settled things between yourselves already. You want to nail his hide to a door but there’s nothing I can write up to cover that. Now go out and cool off and come back when you can agree on what to do."
"Some lawyer you are."
"There’s no cure in law for what you want to do. They sell guns and bear-traps down the block. Now come back when you can cool off," he said, and with a forceful hand to each of their backs he steered them out onto the street then shut and bolted the door. Once they were locked outside he took a drink from his flask.
Almost immediately there came a rapping at his door again. He looked up to see Michael, the boy wrapped in metal braces whom he had taken a protective liking to when he was first in town. He was not so sure about the friendship anymore. Michael had proven too cynical for him. He had let himself grow too skeptical and surly inside that cage – he had taken the easy road of hating everybody, of blaming everybody. He cast a pall on White’s mood. He lied too much, and scoffed too much, and drank. But at the boy’s persistence he let him in.
"What is it?"
"Doc said to get you. Your mom asked that you come by – Larr’s over fretting your father again."
"About what?"
"I don’t know. But lately he’s taken to being your old man’s personal devil – chewing his ear off in some soft relentless torment. Doc thinks he wants something."
"Wants what?"
"How should I know? Something he wants to get from a man before he dies."
Ernest scowled at him. "You’re always the bearer of good news."
"Don’t blame me – Doc asked me on behalf of your mother."
"Good God – can’t anyone manage themselves anymore?" White said. He dashed up and took his hat from a stand. Michael pivoted and watched him go.
"So you’ll go out to see him?" Michael asked.
"Yes, because it’s my mother’s request. Do you 100% swear you’re telling me the truth?"
"Why would I lie?"
"To get a rise out of me – you tell too many tall tales lately to get attention – you’ve been drinking."
"That’s neither here nor there," he said. "It takes the edge off me. It makes folks staring at me easier to take."
"Enough with that feeling sorry for yourself shit," he said. With that White turned his back on Michael and hopped in his car and sped away.
White got to the house and sure enough the sheriff’s car was there. His mother let him in and hugged him, but White raised a finger to his lips and stood quietly outside his father’s door to hear what he could. He heard Larr’s slow drawling voice and saw his adoptive father lying in bed in that sickroom’s hot atmosphere of antiseptic and sweat.
"I think your brother Chris would have wanted you to sell me that strip of land." 
"Gawd, Noah, you're just fretting over it again because you got nothing else to fuss over anymore. You're sheriff now. You should be happy."
"But it doesn't make up for the family name being taken down a peg. Hell, Larr was a big name in this valley once, but Chris used his fortune to fix that. It'd be nice to be respectable again."
"You are respectable. And your family’s brought the business back. As to that land, you’re barking up the wrong tree. If it was owned directly by Chris White, then it belongs to E.L."
"He says otherwise."
"Look, he’s a good boy but his head will never substitute for a ledger. I read all the paperwork I signed. I know."
Larr nodded, then his eyes lidded a little. "Say Isaiah, someone said they seen your boy steal a box of tools off the carpenter's truck when it was back of Parker's house." 
"Ernest?"
"Naw, not E.L. - your colored boy - your hired boy."
"Ash aint exactly a boy anymore, and he wouldn't steal no tools. Some folks are just looking to make him trouble."
"He found trouble then brought it back here. Look Ike, you don't need to stick your neck out protecting folks you owe no allegiance."
The sick man's face soured and weakened like a creased pillow case. "Ash was good to me when no one else was. Sure he’s seen trouble, but he was here for me before Chris struck it rich – before anyone would have anything to do with us, he helped me out."
"That’s because no one else would have him. He has a checkered history, Isaiah."
"So does the whole world. Look, I don’t know what you’re angling at, but don't come around just to trouble me, Noah. I'm not well. The doctor found something wrong in my stomach but says I'm too weak to operate on. I won't let the boy see how weak I am, though."
"Ash?"
"No, E.L. – it'd give him no end of pleasure. My misery has always given him pleasure because he thought it confirmed a weakness about me."
"Sometimes I think you give your brother's son too much consideration, Ike. He's always been thankless."
"I've done what I could. I have to think about my own mortality now. Noah, please go jawbone down at the hotel if you're full of the word. But don't worry me about Ash or trouble me about E.L. I'm sick and tired. I haven't been able to leave this bed for a week." 
"Very well, Ike. I'm sorry to have disturbed you. But that boy of yours had better watch himself."
"Ash?"
"Naw, E.L."
"E.L. didn't inherit the common sense God give a junebug, but he wouldn't do anyone any harm – not knowingly. Don't trouble me about that boy. I tried my Lord's best by him but now I'm through."
"Say Isaiah, why you love that colored boy so much?" 
Isaiah’s eyes flashed. "As if there were any secrets to tell, and as if any of them could be trusted to you! Where were you when I first started out? God sent him to me when I was at my nadir, as if he’d found me the one man who could understand the depth of misfortune because of his own."
"What are you talking about, Isaiah?"
"Never mind – it’s enough for you to know that he helped me then and I’ll help him now. Now get out, Noah. I can't take more conversation."
Ernest took this moment to step into the room. Larr’s eyes widened when he saw him but then slid back into their easy lassitude. 
"I’m sorry," Noah said. "I didn’t mean to be interrupting a family visit. I had better be off."
"That would be a good idea," Ernest said.
Larr looked at him but Ernest held his gaze and stared back until Larr slid his eyes aside and gave a polite bow to Mrs. White, and then departed. Ernest turned back from watching him leave and saw his father’s hands unclench at his sides.
"What the hell is that about?" Ernest asked.
Isaiah demurred, agitated. "Get the boy out of here, I’m too tired."
Ernest just stood there and so his mother took him gently by the elbow. He had turned to leave when he heard a faint voice come from behind him that seemed to almost choke on what it had to say.
"Thank you, son."
Ernest felt stony and insolent and could muster no reply. He told his mother to call on him again if need be. With that he went back out into the day and finished up the afternoon at his law office. He had been beset with a swarm of business in recent days – Mars was in ascendency. People were suing each other over disputed livestock, misplaced fences, and bad haircuts. Finally when he shooed the last ill-tempered client from his office it was 4:00 o’clock. He rushed to his car to pick up Atalanta. This time, however, he drove all the way to the town where she taught to pick her up. He did not want to risk an encounter between her and Constance at the depot. When he pulled his car up at the schoolhouse where she taught she immediately called out his design.
"You’re going to have to face her."
"But not tonight – tomorrow. It’s been a heck of a day. Come on, I’ll drive you by your home if you like and then we can go out."
Ernest drove her wildly back across the countryside as afternoon slid to evening, and when they got to her house she ducked in and soon came out wearing a smart magenta dress and it seemed as if all the care of the day had been erased from her except perhaps from the very corners of her eyes. She looked fresh and lovely but perhaps a little sad.
White looked inside to see a man collapsed and sleeping in his chair.
"Should we tell your father we're going?"
"No, don’t wake him up." 
He helped her on with her jacket and opened the car door then climbed in beside her. When he got behind the wheel and looked across and saw her profile in the moonlight she looked more beautiful than anything he'd ever seen.
"When are you going to tell her about me?" she asked. 
He turned the ignition and brought the engine to life with a roar. He stared at the gauges of the dashboard as if he'd never seen them before. "Soon – not just yet, but very soon. Tomorrow. I promise." 
"You don't love her, do you?"
"Of course not. She’s very odd and calculating. She has some idea of settling down like some idealized painting of rustic Americana and growing over a decades-long process of accreting respectability and dignification until we have become the very pinnacle of landed gentry and rule every Rotary Club and Junior League up and down the valley with an iron fist. She wants me to live here and she'll organize soirées and I'll draft deeds and wills and file lawsuits about pigs, and I'll be..." 
"Happy?" 
He paused. "Yes. Whatever word it is they use. You know, these people who get over the awe and wonder of the world and settle down and buy Maxwell House. Whatever it is they claim to be."
Atalanta looked at him. "The word is 'happy'. She wants you to be able to hunker down and work at something and be happy."
"Yes." 
 "And there’s something wrong with that? I sometimes think you’re misleading me, Ernest. I sometimes think you still just want to be a circus act, and I’m a fool."
"Nonsense – it’s just this summer – all this heat. We’ll all feel giddy til it breaks."
"I don’t want to be anyone’s second choice, Ernest. Or some sideshow."
"You’re not going to be! Good grief, you made me drop my cigarette."
"I may ask you to give up the whole wide world just to show me that all you want is me, that even if we stay here, as long as you’re with me you can be happy."
"Well with you, yes, it’s entirely different."
"Why is it different?"
"Because I..."
"Yes. 
He paused and deflected: "You’d really give up the whole wide wonderful world when I can tell you here and now that I can make it into your own personal picture frame, with every tint and facet of it just for you?"
"Yes, Ernest."
He pulled hard at his cigarette. "You’re a damned difficult girl." 
"You never said why it was different with me."
"And damned smart. And damned beautiful."
"Just say it, Ernest."
"Well, don’t you already know?"
"No."
"Well – it’d be different because I love you."
She sat back. He saw the ghost of a smile come to her lips, her body stretch and then relax. "Where are we going tonight?" she said. "Is it the Shoals again?"  
"Of course. And damn – I forgot to stop off on the way and get you the world’s biggest engagement ring."
"Your word is good – for now."
The Shoals was a place you found only if somebody told you about it. It didn't advertise; there were no signs for it. You found out about it only if you were at a nicer club and closing time came and somebody came up behind you and whispered "there's another place you can go where the music doesn't stop; there's another place where you can dance all night." And for no good reason you believed them and drove out into the countryside until you began to think you'd been sent out on a snipe hunt, then over a hill you’d see it like the overturned wreck of a riverboat, with trees pouring down toward it and cars parked every which out front. And even from that far out you’d hear the music.
He stopped his car and they walked together down the dirt slope toward the great wreck of a hall. He and Atalanta entered the dim cavernous interior and descended into the body-crowded, vast-proportioned darkness. They moved to one of the many mismatched shadowed tables near the pounding music's source. 
"Let's dance," she said. 
"Okay." 
They moved on to the floor. In front of it was a semi-circle stage with bulbs pushing the darkness like fog away from the musicians. White closed his eyes and felt Atalanta warm in his arms and visualized the bold flamboyant notes held overlong and this, always this, was his antidote to worry. He felt he could relax – he felt her arms could not only hold onto him but hold him up, if need be, and he could be one notch more real and less foolish than he’d ever been before.
She looked at him and saw that his eyes were far away. "You think too much," she said. "You're lucky you're so handsome." 
He smiled, and kissed her. She kissed him back and he held her for a long time, with the feeling of the music all around and through them. 
Soon the music stopped and they still held each other, until the other couples moved around or past them to their tables or to some dark comer or away outside. 
"You know what I'd like to do..." he said. But he saw her face look past his, and then he followed her eyes. There, in the doorway, stood Constance.
She was so white and calm and hard and foreign to the place that she made the haze of tobacco smoke preternaturally part. She was like flesh and stone and ice. Several nearby men looked her over and smiled appreciatively, hoping she would see them see her. But her searching eyes found Ernest, and she moved towards him, and Atalanta pushed him a little to go toward her.
"Hello Ernest," she said. "I’m glad I found you. I want to tell you something. I was wrong to try to make you change. I understand you. You get in trouble when you're left alone too long. You've got two sides, the crazy side and the sensible side, and you've been carrying a heavy burden, practicing law and living close to your dying father. And I've decided that it'd be wrong to make you stay here once you’ve done carrying a burden like that. If you want to see the world, I'll leave with you," she said. "You need to be happy." She smiled up at him.
"I am happy," he said.
She smiled but her eyes looked past him toward Atalanta. 
"You’ve had your fun, now. Ernest. But don’t be childish."
"I have decided something too," he said, "While you were gone..."
Constance searched his face. 
"You're smitten Ernest. Life is going to get rough, even for you. We've shared things that will grow if we trust them to, even in adversity. There’s never been two more kindred souls than we are. We can take care of each other."
He stood and felt his heart briefly rekindle what it had felt for her back when summer was young and she had been unattainable. They could be a pair of white swans swimming the pond of the world together.  All he had to do was pretend that the past few weeks with Atalanta had been nothing but an impetuous fling chalked up to loneliness and summer heat, and he and Constance could step into a role he had long-since minted and had ready in his mind: the darling spotlight couple of the smart set, sophisticated globe-trotting media-esque young lovers whom flashbulbs liked.
But as he saw this in his mind the whole thing turned to one side, like a prop held up by two-by-fours behind it, and the realization redeemed him. In its stead and defying it and laughing at it he felt the patience of life, a wonderful hungry blooming energy like organdy and excitement, the thing that was beautiful because it was strong, the thing he felt could be bigger than himself. 
"I’m sorry," he said to Constance. "I’ve made up my mind."
"Don’t be a fool, Ernest."
"It’s too late for that."
Her face turned cruel. "I hope she’s smart enough to realize that even if you really love her, you’ll break her. You haven’t the aptitude to take care of anyone. You’ll fail her when she trusts you most. You can’t even protect yourself."
Constance turned and walked off, and the crowd stood back and watched her storm out the door. A chill fell over the dance hall for a century that last half a second. Ernest stood rock still and Atalanta walked up beside him. She slipped an arm in his, and its warmth began to give him back his pulse. He felt her presence seep inside him, and he dared to raise his eyes again to the world he felt would be their own. She was beautiful and he was glad, and in this noisy crowded place he alone was mirrored in her eyes, and their depth and beauty told him they'd survive, and he felt like the happiest man in the world.
"It'll be marvelous," he said.
"Yes." She looked at him. "Are you happy?"
"God yes I'm happy. I'll be with you. And you'll be with me, and we're both so goddamn young and beautiful..."
She smiled. She looked and saw his boyish eyes were very bright. 
They stayed there late into the evening, each lost in the other’s company and happy, not wanting to remember they both had obligations the next day. But finally, somehow, it prevailed upon her and she reminded him. "You’re right," he said. "Let's go." 
They climbed into his car and he felt the warmth of her body beside him and he kissed her every mile through the lopsided night as he drove her home. He parked in front of her house on the edge of town, underneath a myriad of stars.
"I thank you for the evening out," she said in overtly courtly manner.
"But..." 
She looked at him. "Ernest, I thought you'd never realize how much I loved you."
He stared at her like a happy dope, like his mind was balancing stars on a knife.
"You've had enough for one night anyway," she said. She stood back and looked at him. He was a beautiful wreck. She laughed, and then he did too.
"We'll meet tomorrow. How about that garden by the courthouse, around lunch time?" 
He smiled. "Okay," he said. 
He looked at her and felt he loved her very much. He thought of the whole wide world and imagined all the gardens they'd invent wherever they were together. 
Chapter 9
White dropped Atalanta back at her house then just drove aimlessly along the dirt roads that latticed this valley, and in which the small town he'd been living in the hung like a fly in a web. By the time he finally got home all he could think about was crawling into bed. But as he pulled his car up to the house he saw someone on his porch. He saw moonlight wrapping metal poles. 
"Michael?" 
Michael stared at him. "I got somethin' to tell you. Sit down." 
White threw himself down on the porch and began padding his pockets for cigarettes. He finally found one and lit it. He exhaled a luxurious cloud. But when he looked through the smoke he saw that Michael still hadn't moved an inch and was staring straight at him. 
'Oh hell, Michael, all right. What is it? Did the Shadow end on a cliffhanger and leave you all discomfited?" 
'It's Ash," Michael said. 
But the man in the linen suit blew smoke at the starlight. "What’s the matter that it can’t wait til morning? Go to bed, Michael. I'll drive you home." 
Ernest yawned and stood up, then jingled his keys and began to walk to his car. Michael moved in front of him. 
"Some girl lied and said he raped her."
"When?" 
"Tonight." 
White stared at him. "That's bullshit. You're always trying to get a rise out of me lately." 
"It’s true."
But White stared at him. "Then your mistake was thinking that I'd care. Tell the sheriff. Tell a priest. Tell your mother. I am this close to being the happiest man on earth, with the woman I love, with a life that isn’t one freak show after another." 
White sat on the porch and stared at Michael til he turned away. He lit a cigarette. He was so close – he deserved some quiet now. All he had to do was sit still or go to bed and the time would pass from one warm moment to the next, and then... 
"Damn it Michael!"  White said. He took the boy by the shoulder and spun him around.
"Listen, you absolutely promise that you're not going to lie to me. Understand?"
"I promise - I swear," Michael said.
"Okay, I need you to tell me two things: who is the woman who said Ash attacked her, and how do you know he didn't?"
Michael look at him. "The woman is Larr’s niece. His sister’s family hired Ash to do some work for them yesterday."
"What’s her story?"
"That he got to drinking, and that when she came around to check on him back near the barn he tried to sweet talk her, and when she tried to walk away he grabbed her, and when she pushed away he hit her. She has a big bruise on her face – the whole town’s seen it."
"And how do you know he didn’t do it."
"It’s not like Ash."
"You may not know him anymore."
"I know him well enough, and your father does. He may be down, but he wouldn’t do something like this. He was set up. Word is her own boyfriend done it, but Larr saw something he could seize at."
"Why?"
"God knows why. But the thing is this, the sight of this girl with this huge bruise on her face, and the accusation that he hit her, and what he was trying to do, it has more than half the town fired up. There are crowds outside the jailhouse now and the only thing between them and Ash are a few deputies and a key."
"This late at night?"
"They don't want to leave til something gets done."
"You're sure it was this Larr girl? Absolutely positive?"
"Yes."
White sat back. "You swear this is true – you swear to God?"
"I swear." Michael’s face, which had been so grey and scoffing and insular of late took on a suddenly too-tender and fretful look and his voice got awkward. "This whole town thinks I’m grotesque – he’s been my friend..."
The young man’s sudden vulnerability repulsed him and White stubbed his cigarette out hard into the dirt. "I'm going to drop you off in town, and here's what I want you to do: go to the sheriff's office and tell him I'm coming, see? Tell him I'm acting as Ash’s lawyer. That ought to hold him til I get back."
"Where are you going?"
"To talk to that girl."
"Well you better know, they got her up at the Judge’s house."
"The Judge’s house?"
"Said she had a nervous fit, so she’s up with her girlfriend there. She says she’s too wrought up to take it right now."
"I see." His head began to swim. "Well, I need to talk to her."
After he dropped Michael off in town, Ernest drove recklessly down the dark clay roads. The oddest thing was that the big band music of earlier in the evening began pounding in his head as he did so. Dip, swirl, twist, dive, dip, all as he drove dreamily up and down clay lanes between fields of tall grass in the dark countryside.
Stars poured down towards him. Ash had worked on their farm when White was a boy. Once when Ernest was out crying after getting in trouble, Ash tried to calm him down by teaching him all the constellations shapes and names. "There's Orion, there's the Dipper..."
He swerved to stay on the road – a tree was right in front of him. He felt all dreamy and snapped his mind back to the present. He slapped his own face to stay awake.
Soon the night parted in front of his car and he saw a tall residence off in a field, the road heading in that direction. It was a tall white house with a pillared front. A light was on in one upstairs window and in the windows downstairs. He stopped his car and walked to the front of the house. The front door opened and a tall man with a gray moustache stood there in a red robe. He did not look like he had slept. 
"Hello Judge," Ernest said.
"Come in. You're the White boy, aren't you? I suppose I know what you're here about. Well, step inside."
The room they stepped into was voluminous. The walls were a rich camel, like leather, and the furniture had deep red upholstery. Rows upon rows of books crawled up the walls, and the air smelled sweetly of tobacco.
On a red couch in the room's center sat two girls, one a slip of a thing in a yellow robe, and the other a larger girl cradling her. The smaller girl’s feet were tucked behind her and her head rested on her arm so that it was tilted away from him, and all he saw was her long straight, yellow hair, but when she raised her face to him it was bloody and red and sore.
"She don't want to talk to him," the other girl said.
Ernest White looked at the Judge. The Judge scowled but then cleared his throat. "Eilene, give him a minute."
His daughter girl stirred but kept one arm fast around the other girl. "All right, Judge, but you stay here."
"I have one question." Ernest said. "As God is your witness, did Asher Douglass do this to you, or did your boyfriend?"
The Judge’s eyes widened a little when he heard this, and he looked at the two girls hard. "Please answer his question."
The smaller girl looked away, and her eyes did not meet his own, but after a moment her voice came small and steady "As God is my witness, he did."
The Judge stood silent. His eyes lifted and wandered quietly at the gilt on the spines of his books and the few trophies of animals.
"That's all she has to say to him, Daddy," the Judge’s daughter said.
"Is there any evidence? Did anyone else see this? Do you have torn clothes, or any other sign of a scuffle?"
She shrank and began to cry.
"You have her answer," the Judge said. "Let's leave her alone."
They left the room then the Judge walked with him outside and onto the porch. They stood there in the moonlight and he looked at Ernest.
"I know what's going on town, and I know what you think of her story. But you have to understand, if you took her into town and twisted her arm and forced her to say what you want her to say, what you think is the truth, you’d stop nothing. You'd just end up ruining three lives instead of one." His eyes looked tired. "The mob will play out." 
Ernest looked at him. "You can’t believe that."
The Judge drew himself up tall in the doorway. "Over the years I have seen the human heart  for all its greatness and all its pettiness. I know it like a force of nature. You are an earnest young man, but you are naïve. What is going on tonight is too big for you to stop."
Ernest just looked at him.
"You have my council," the Judge said. And he slowly turned and shut the door. 
Ernest walked back to his car. He climbed in beneath the gaping night and sparked the car back to life. He drove quickly and heedlessly to town, past the noise, past the light, past the mobs. He needed a place to be alone. He went into his law office but Constance was waiting there.
"You're not going to do anything rash," she said. Part question, part comment, part command.
"What are you doing here?"
"I realize you can be rash. I know you need protecting."
"Look, I don't have time to talk about it."
"I can forgive you."
He just stared at her. "What is it you don't understand..?"
Her face was pale as cream and her eyes were calm and hard. He turned his back to her, emptied some of the contents of his safe into his briefcase, grabbed some papers off his desk, and went out.
He went through the shadowed streets of the town. He saw Michael down one block looking fretful like a ghost in a cage so he gave him the slip. He needed to be alone. He turned here and there down dark streets and met other people, scared women and men just wanting scraps of news – odd eager faces poking suddenly out of the night, addled out of sleep and chiseled to a lean alacrity by contrasts of light and shadow. But now he'd finally found a quiet spot.
He sat on a low box in the quiet behind an old shack that used to be a livery, some distance from what was now the town center. At his feet was a shallow puddle of mud and stars. From the town center the voices of the crowds rose and fell. Light in flickers came from that direction.
He sat there in the warm and heard the voices in the distance. His father loved Ash, not him. That was his father’s fault. The old man had locked horns in struggles with these small-minded people all his life and all he got for his trouble was their hooks in his skin. It was not worth his energy.
Ernest sat and looked at puddles reflecting stars among the straw and mud. He sat until there was a rise and fall of sound, and then he got up and began walking toward the center of town.
He made a brief stop by Sheriff Noah Larr's house; the man stood in the doorway and looked down at Ernest like he had suddenly somehow become invincible, like he was looking down at an utter piece of trash, and he said he’d let him Ernest have five minutes of his time. At the end of it a deal had been made between them, and he directed Ernest to go to the jail, and he’d see what he could do.
Ernest ran to the jail and pushed through the crowd and was surprised to see Ben Sweet at the door.
"What do ya reckon, E.L.?" he grinned. "They made me a deputy."
"I need to go in and see Ash."
"No one goes in."
I'm his lawyer."
"He aint got a lawyer."
"Look, I talked to Sheriff Larr about it. He said he'd see to it Ash was safe. He’s sending someone with the message any second."
"Now why would he do that?"
"I sold him that strip of land."
"Smoke and blarney, E.L."
"He gave his word – he'll be letting you know soon enough."
"That's just your word, E.L. I’m sick of your words."
"And my word's good, but in any case, how about this?" Ernest White reluctantly opened the briefcase he'd brought with him from his office. There was cash inside.
"Okay, five minutes." Ben said. "You won't have much longer than that." Ben grabbed a key ring and led him back to one grey cell. A large, downcast black man sat inside. Ben opened the door and Mr. White went in and sat on a stool. After a minute the black man raised his head from his hands, and he began speaking.
*
When Ernest tried to transcribe their conversation from memory years later, everything he could come up with was slightly off:
"Do you hear them out there? Goading each other on? Dozens of voices. There are good men out there. I know their voices. But tonight they have convinced each other to do something they would never do alone, and will regret years later, when they are separate and alone in their small corners of the world with time to think about things. They'll whisper their prayers like beaten dogs when their own time nears, even as their family gathers around convinced they're sending God an angel."
'That crippled boy thought you could help. Do you think the law will matter here? Do you think that sheriff will keep his word? If so then you’re a fool. This late at night and their voices still rising – the law won't matter. I don't think I'll leave this night alive. What do you think? Do I have hours left, or minutes? I wonder every time their shouts rise to a pitch. What should I do, now that I don't know how much time I have?"
"I'll use some time to tell you this, so you can remember and tell whoever cares: I'm not innocent, but I didn't do this." 
"I'm a strong man – I was their best friend when they needed to get some things done on their farms – when I was young and happy and a man full of promise – they could smile at my smile so long as I pulled the stumps from their fields, built their fences, gutted their hogs, cleared their brush. But now I'm different – less talkative, not smiling, older, hard-worn but not ungrateful. They wonder about me, and when they wonder they tell stories. Their women tell stories. 
"I'm a strong man – I'm 48 and still a bull. They got me into this cell with guns behind me. But once they get me out there, there won't be guns. They'll want me to suffer. They'll get mad when I won't beg. They'll want to use their confidence of numbers to beat on me. But I'm a strong man. How many do you think I can take? The Lord made me a bull – they want me to beg but I intend to see how many I can take."
"Lawyer, you could read to me. Book of Hosea – I remember liking what I heard a preacher read from it. Yes – see? I know you're shaking like a leaf. But it's still me. More calluses, more layers, more hardness of scars from being in the world, but I still admire the things that show a power bigger than myself – power and a grace directing power. Like the stars. Like the words that flow like water from that book. No man could write that book."
"So maybe I've even killed a man. I did kill a man once, but it was in a place where they worked men like animals and misled them into spending their money on alcohol and whores til they had no choice but to stay where they are and work themselves to death while their bosses got fatter. Those bosses set men against each other. They liked to see them fight. The men with the fiercest spirits sink deepest, their own pride turned into a lodestone of despair at their misfortune. So I'd save money and when they'd spent theirs they'd want mine, and that would start the fights. I saved mine to make amends to a wife and little girl who didn't want to see me because of what I'd done to break their trust. Every trouble has a trouble before it, doesn't it? I had to fight back with my fists, and most would learn. But one man who didn't like getting humiliated in front of his friends came back with a knife when I was asleep. It's just the grace of God that I heard him, that I awoke and saw that knife in that dark room and grabbed it and turned it back on him even as he was lunging it at me. He died on his own knife.
"Is it funny, lawyer, that God didn't let me die then in my sleep? That he kept me alive until this day to die awake? Is it funny that I should die now that I tried to come back and make amends with the money I'd saved? Is it God's way of saying that no money can buy my forgiveness? And lawyer – the hardest thing is this – the girl who lied about me. The Lord would want me to forgive her before I died. But I can't. If you do anything before I die pray that I figure out how to forgive her. Pray that the fight lifts my spirits and fills me with an angry charity, and lets God roar through me what I can't say myself. Let the fight lift me, Lord, and stand at your side, and see that lying whore-girl as one of your own."
"...For I will be like a lion to E'phraim, and like a young lion to the house of Judah. I, even I, will rend and go away, I will carry off, and none shall rescue. I will return again to my place, until they acknowledge their guilt and seek my face, and in their distress they seek me, saying.."
He killed four men before the mob killed him.
*
Years later the woman who had falsely accused Asher confessed, in the throes of cancer. "It was that violent man who claimed to be my boyfriend who hit me, but it was Larr who saw in his slow reptilian mind the chance to cash in on the harm, the chance to get hold of a fortune and make himself big. He threatened me and threatened my family." she said. "He knew the skeletons in our family – the crimes my father had committed, and even the very things that I had done, though I was young, though not too young to have not done things I regretted. I left the state and had had an abortion once – he knew that. He knew more, and he twisted my secrets like a knife – he made me live with the blood of two lives on my hands and the fear that I could never tell anyone. When I found out I had cancer it was a greater relief than giving birth. I am about to die and here in this late hour telling this to you that you may know, and I pray that beyond any merit of my own God might forgive me, and my body is dead but I feel like a bird let out of its cage."
Ernest White nodded while his lawyers took her deposition. 
*
When he heard news of what had happened to Asher, Ernest's father broke down and wept. He was inconsolable. His face twisted like a wadded dish rag. His wife was doing all she could to console him.
His voice hissed at Ernest. "You didn't do enough. If you sold him that land, you didn't do enough – you needed to hold it over his head!"
Ernest found no words.
"You've never tried hard enough – you never have! You gave him everything he wanted – what made you think he'd listen to you once you did that?"
Ernest said nothing. He let the sour waves flow over him. He was too tired to fight them.
The old man wept and wept. "You let him die to hurt me."
Ernest walked away into the half-light of one day bleeding into the next without sleep, the sobs and screams fading as he walked away. He felt deep inside himself and had no energy left, no resource for anything good. He unlocked the door to his rented office and threw himself into his chair. Constance appeared in the doorway and walked in beside him.
 "Now do you see?" she said. "You don't have the thing inside she needs. I can be that thing with no attachments – the thing that can't be broken because it's already been broken."
He sank down and said nothing, and she put his head in her lap.
"One of us has got to be the stable one." 
"I’m the stable one. I’m going to get Atalanta and get out of here."
"Ernest..."
"Get out of here, Constance. Get out of here."
She left and he fell into a deep sleep. He woke up in the morning and his head was clouded with the webs of a blind spider. That afternoon he went to meet Atalanta in the garden by the courthouse.
 "I’ve got to get out of here," he told her.
"Ernest, I can’t leave. I have my father to take care of. And if you leave you’ll never come back."
"I will. I promise."
"No you won’t - you’ll leave and play the fool again and bury yourself in distractions. You have to fight now."
"I can’t stay here!"
"Every square inch of earth is soaked in blood, Ernest. What makes you think any scrap of earth is different? You have to learn to overcome it. I will help you overcome it."
"I hate these people."
"You can’t run to another spot and make it better."
"I’ll leave for six months – only for six months. Then I’ll come back for you. I’ve got to get this place behind me."
"You won’t come back."
"That's not true!"
"I love you Ernest, but I’m sorry. You do what you have to do, but I will, too."  
White sealed himself in his rented house, drank himself into a stupor for three days, and then emerged as the white suit man for the first time. He purchased a ticket and waited patiently for the train. When it came he slumped into a berth and wondered through the grey brutal oppression of his broken will and patchwork thoughts if he was doing the right thing, but a voice laughed back that there is no right thing, just the least amount of pain, and he had no strength to disagree, and he was on the verge of sleep when heard a passenger remark that they'd found that crippled boy's metal braces in the mud down by the river like an empty cocoon.
Chapter 10
August 1939, Continued
"Some farmer dropped you off, Mr. White – some farmer."
"Nonsense – I was ministered to by angels!"
"His wife cleaned up your suit with Boraxo and plastered your head."
"Trite and untrue."
But in time he began to question his own thoughts in the relentless onslaught of Otto’s empiricism, and he recalled his fight in town and how he had fallen down the hillside while Otto fixed the tire, and in any case he knew what a concussion could do.
His entire body hurt but once he was back in his own bed he slept profoundly. He awakened in a much darker and more objective mood. He took a deep breath but winced sharply. Otto came in, set a cup of coffee on the nightstand, and opened the window. Yellow-blue light came in.
"That welt on your forehead looks awful," Otto said. "Had enough of this town yet?" he asked.
Mr. White did not reply. He felt sour. He did not get out of bed until much later, and when he did, Otto noticed that his employer had started re-packing things, slowly and silently, returning books and knick-knacks to moving boxes that still lay around. Mr. White was holding a book in his hands when a knock came to the front door.
"Don't answer it," he told Otto.
But Otto had already parted the curtains and looked out at the porch. "It's Dr. Stewart," he said. 
Mr. White sat down in his favorite red chair in the living room. "All right, let him in."
Otto opened the door. The doctor had grey hair slicked back from his narrow head, round silver glasses on his nose, and wore an old houndstooth jacket over a rumpled white shirt. He set his bag down on an ottoman and looked up at Mr. White as his hands fumbled for his instruments.
The doctor squinted into his face. "You don't look so bad for someone who got his tail kicked," he said while shaking down a thermometer.
"Well I feel bad. I'm worn out. I'm fed up."
"Folks like you with too much time on their hands get pretty good at taking an inventory of all their aches and pains. Roll up your sleeve."
Mr. White started to mumble something but the doctor shoved the thermometer in his mouth. He placed a blood pressure cuff on his arm and felt the pulse in his wrist. As he let the pressure out of the cuff he took the thermometer out of Mr. White's mouth.
"...I was saying that this place might be bad for my health," Mr. White said.
"Well you're strong as an ox, considering all the abuse you've subjected your body to with cigarettes and alcohol and foreign food. Does it hurt here?" he poked him in the ribs "and here?" in the abdomen "and here?" in the back.
"Yes, yes, and yes."
"Well that's to be expected. No broken bones. Some hematomas - some 'bruises' - but they'll heal."
"I know what hematomas are."
"I'm sure you do. You've been letting people know how smart you are your whole life."
"Thank you," White said icily.
The doctor was putting his instruments back in his bag. "One more thing," he said without looking up. "I want to tell you something. Or show you something. Have you got a few minutes to drive down the road with me?"
"Why? What's this about?"
The man snapped his satchel shut and looked at him. "Let's just say that a doctor hears a lot of things in the course of his rounds, and over the years. People who are dying or think they're dying always have something they want to get off their chest, or out of their conscience. I have someone I’ve been pulling through months of weakness after a heart attack who'd like to talk to you. He'd come see you in person but he can't get out of the house yet."
"Who is he?"
"Good Lord, I actually put on something other than pajamas to come out here and you have the temerity to give me the third degree? I sometimes wonder just how much you've learned from all your travels and esoteric studies. Not manners, in any case. Look, you wouldn't know this man's name if I told you. Now come with me. This'll be good for you. If nothing else, this will convince you that not everyone around this town despises you."
"If does occasionally seem that way."
"Did I ever tell you how, as a new doctor here, I got off to a horrible start? I was a young fresh-faced boy from 'the city' just out of school, and I had the town's most popular preacher in my care but couldn't rescue him from years of sclerosis of the liver – even while he'd railed against liquor for years. He died and I couldn't or wouldn't reveal the only facts that would shift at least a little of the blame, and that in turn led to speculation that my ineptitude had accelerated his demise. Folks let me have it. But slowly, over years of delivering babies and curing earaches and setting bones and healing fevers, mostly in the middle of the night, the people began to come around. Soon they didn't mind coming to my office even in daylight, and then lining up and giving me gift baskets at Christmas, even when they couldn't pay their bills. And today, here I am."
"Yes, well..."
"Come on," he said, "You'll enjoy the fresh air if nothing else."
"Alright."
The two men rose to their feet. Mr. White chose a hat from the south-sea deity statue that stood beside the door. The doctor paused to shake Otto's hand farewell, then stopped to select his own hat from the idol. The statue stared at him with an inscrutable, eight-armed Oriental knowingness and pupil-less eyes.
"You know, I've never liked that thing," Dr. Stewart said.
"Funny, it likes you."
Otto opened the front door for the men and pale light flowed in, and the doctor and Mr. White walked across the dry, crunchy yellow grass to the doctor's old black DeSoto. Mr. White got in and pulled the door shut with a solid clunk. The doctor got in, moved the shifter around until he found neutral, then turned the engine over to a coughing start. 
"Hold on," he said. 
And so they drove on the thin red roads between the fields, then through town and out the side past the new construction, past where gangs of workmen lived in rows of makeshift dormitories, out past where new wide roads were being scraped in directions where nothing was yet, to bring in equipment and move it into place for the dam, out past where hired police watched roads and guarded fences behind which lay equipment and supplies for the effort that would soon be underway.
"You drive like a madman," Mr. White said.
"I could drive these roads in my sleep," Dr. Stewart replied. ""Every inch of them knows me; the cattle alert to the sound of my car – they know the engine noise and get off the road."
Mr. White looked at a field that had been scraped clean and now had tools and steel forms and concrete building blocks piled high in waiting beside it like a giant’s toys. "I have never seen the impact the dam project has been having on the community before," he said.
"Yes – startling, isn't it? Sometimes I feel like we're under siege," the doctor replied. 
They flew across the flat land back toward more rolling and wooded terrain, and the river was closer. Mr. White smelled the tang of water in the air. The road came out from under trees and alongside the river itself. It denied all its history of floods and fierceness with a deceptively lazy green flow. Here and there a sandbar pushed from the bank into the water, trying to meet the other side. The smell here was damp and close, hot with dust and sap and sweet warm grass. It was a patient vegetative breath, abundant and hanging above the torpid water to measure a kind of hot, slow time.
The doctor pulled off to the right of the road where a post stood next to an even wilder lane that pushed beneath the shadows and the brush.
"We'll have to walk from here – their bridge is out."
They ducked beneath low branches of blackjack and pin oak and walked on a clay road matted with dead leaves, then carefully crossed a plank bridge that had broken in the middle and sunken into a creek. As the road rose from the creek they saw a stand of towering cottonwoods and one small, white board house. Tilting farm machinery littered the land in front of it. A dog started barking.
"Get back!" a voice shouted. "Get off our land!"
"Now calm down, John, it's me, Doc Stewart. I brought a friend with me. I come by to check on your daddy."
There was silence for a second, then the voice called, "Oh, howdy Doc. Give me a second to leash the dog around back – can't be too careful these days. Okay, you can come on up now, it's fine."
The doctor took a few steps forward, then had to pause to wave along Mr. White, who was lagging behind. He waited until Mr. White caught up with him then the two of them walked up the few, austere concrete steps and knocked on the white wooden frame of the screen door.
"Come in," shouted the young voice that had reined in the dog.
They entered through the creaking screen door and walked into the living room. The inside of the house was cluttered and wore a dim brown and blue hue of ever-shuttered windows. It smelled of dogs and dampness and sweat and medicine. Two chairs presided at the far end of a coffee table covered with dishes and newspapers. In one chair sat an old man in a plaid shirt and dull jeans that were now too big for him. His face was pale. He had a canister of oxygen on the floor beside him and a tube looped beneath his nose. His hair was lank like someone had cracked an egg on his head.
He nodded to the doctor. "This his boy?" he asked Dr. Stewart gesturing to his white-suited companion.
Dr. Stewart nodded. The man motioned to the doctor and Mr. White to sit in two kitchen chairs set against the wall at the end of the room, and they did.
Mr. White felt the man's small eyes upon him. The odor of sickness and squalor offended him, and the man seemed to sense this. He stared all the more and his breath came in gasps.
"Don't look like much," the man said to the doctor.
"Now Ed," the doctor said. "You told me you had a story for us."
"I do - I do."
Mr. White looked back at him and tried to ameliorate what he felt was a scowl on his own face. The man looked at him, saw White’s effort, and sighed.
"I thought you might want to hear this," he said.
"Back about 40 years ago three men ran this town. You'd know their surnames even now –  Larr, Sweet, and White – yes, your uncle Chris had struck it rich by then. When those three men ran the town there was a young woman got pregnant, and nobody knew which of them was the father. But once they found out she was pregnant they would have nothing to do with her. The whole affair addled her mind and she tried to drown herself and the baby she had, that none of them would claim and none would help take care of. I know the man that found that baby near the river." 
"It was a damp evening after heavy rains and the woods were dark and alive. Two young men out hunting seen this woman and her baby jump into the river, so they jumped in. They tried to save her, but this woman wouldn't let them – she twisted like a cat and tore away. But they saved her baby.
"Before she jumped in there had been men escorting her against her will someplace. When these men saw her jump, and heard voices down below trying to save her, they fled. But these two hunters, more boys than men, they knew who she was, and they suspected who those men up on the bank had been, or who they worked for. They knew what they wanted to accomplish by shutting up that crazy mouth of hers that was always turning up and ranting against them in town."
"Your father Isaiah saved that baby. It was him and me out hunting that night. He jumped into that rain-swollen creek to do it. The child was put up for adoption. Isaiah didn't trust the state agency and he found a church group to help him, and they had a regional agency that eventually found the child a good home. But he risked a lot doing so. The big men in town, the folks who had anything to do with that woman now wondered about him –  yes, even Chris, his own brother –  put the air of uneasiness between them. The men who ran the town wondered what he knew, why he did what he did. But to your father it was just saving a life, even jumping in that wild, rain-swollen river, it was just saving a life, and he spoke nothing about it after that, and he didn't let the cold shoulders in town bother him."
Ernest stared at him.
"Isaiah, would have told you all this if he could –  if he knew a way to tell you without making you distrust everybody in this town."
"I doubt that," Mr. White said.
"Do you?" the man looked sharply at him. "Even now aren't you grateful for how he tried to raise you? He may have seemed stern but he was a compassionate man. He tried to give you a normal life after the loss of your folks."
"Thank you," White said.
"You needed to know," the man said. "I did it for Isaiah, not for you. I owe the man to make the effort for his son, whether or not he deserves it."
The doctor felt the tension in the air and quickly excused White and himself, and the man's son saw them to the door. Gravel crunched beneath their feet as they walked to where the doctor has parked his car.
"Your reaction is odd," the doctor said.
"A man in my position gets contacted all the time by people claiming to know something you might be interested in, something to link them to your past some way, or your present, something that always combines the sentimental with the pecuniary."
"Well, I've found him to be trustworthy," Doc Stewart said.
Mr. White shoved his hands in his pockets, and the two of them climbed slowly back into the car, which the doctor brought noisily to life and set once more along narrow roads back towards White's house. Mr. White looked silently out at new construction and new faces in groups, all lean and unbusy and hungry. 
The doctor let him off at the red dirt lane leading from the road to his house. Mr. White turned and waved as the doctor sped off in a cloud of dust, then he turned back toward his tall gray mansion. As he approached it he heard repeated staccato raps coming from behind it, so instead of going into the front door he wandered around the side. He came in view of the back and looked past the sagging clothesline to see Otto in the distance, standing beside his study. The staccato beat ceased.
"Hello Mr. White!" Otto shouted out. Ernest noticed that Otto had put plywood walls on his shed. Mr. White walked closer with slow steps. He could see his valet beaming and standing to one side, hammer in hand and nails in his mouth.
"What do you think?" Otto asked proudly. "I had them deliver the panels this afternoon." 
Mr. White kept his hands in his pockets and slowly circled the building. It looked smaller. There were gaping rectangles in the sides where the door and the windows would go. Still, it was a more secure brown box with a tarpaper roof.
"Step inside!" Otto said.
Mr. White did, and bare stud and plywood walls enclosed him. He looked down at his desk then pulled out the chair tentatively. He sat down.
"Oh, I admit it's still not much yet, but it'll keep you more secure." Otto said. "You can move some of your monographs out here now."
"Does it look smaller to you?" Mr. White asked.
"Does it? I hadn't noticed. It'll certainly be more secure – a better place to work."
Otto beamed in through one of the windows while Mr. White sat like a sack of wheat in the chair. He raised a hand as if holding an imaginary pen, writing a few stokes on a notepad. Then with his left hand he pretended to sip from a coffee cup. He sat and appraised the imaginary implements of study, then turned and looked at Otto. "Yes, this will do fine. Thanks, Otto, for taking the initiative."
Otto smiled. "I just figured it was something I could get around to sooner than you could, something that might make you feel like there’s some progress to be made here after all."
Mr. White rose from the chair and emerged quickly from the shack. Otto was surprised at his jack-in-the-box alacrity but was placated by Mr. White's smile.
"Good job!" Mr. White said, clapping him on the back. "Now please direct some of that energy toward something for yourself, Otto. You've been wasting your talents taking care of an eccentric for too long."
"Well, I might have some plans, down the road," Otto said.
"Good good," Mr. White said, placing a hand on his shoulder and decisively steering both of them away from his study and back toward the house.
The afternoon waned in solitary, brain-wandering studies of historical trivia for both of them, but after supper Mr. White got into his car and tried to remember the route the doctor had driven this morning. After some mistakes he found the narrow road beside the river as twilight hung like a bruise. He parked and walked the matted lane and elicited the dog's barking.
"It's me!" he shouted in a higher-pitched tone than he'd intended. "It's Ernest White. You met me this morning."
Silence permeated like the fog that would rise from the river, but then a voice answered. "Dog's chained now. You come on up."
Ernest walked the gold and grey botanized shadows that hung in the dusk beneath the cottonwoods, on up once more to the dingy house. The man with the oxygen still sat in the far chair, though he slumped lower now like the declining sun. A plate of half-eaten dinner lay scattered on a tray beside his chair.
"You again?" the man asked with some effort at harshness, though after a second the glare he had  been able to muster faded from his eyes. "I'm surprised you want to know." 
"I would like to know more about the woman you talked about. The one whose child my father saved. She interests me." he said.
A black and tan hound at the man's feet rolled and moaned but not uncomfortably. The man looked down at her then back at Mr. White. "I did not know her name, but I think I know where you might find it."
There was silence. "Well?" Mr. White asked.
With a heavy breath the old man told him, and White took note. And then White thanked him, and the man very nearly almost smiled, but waved him off.
White drove to town in the hot evening and with a little talking uncovered an old woman who could admit him to the morgue of the town's newspaper. The tired woman opened the door to a musty small room full of filing drawers and bound books. 
"Most of it burned in a fire years ago," she said dryly. "Should've seen how much we had before."
Mr. White looked at her, nodded, sucked his teeth appreciatively, and felt a small worry that he might not find what he wanted. But he then regained his composure and stood stock still in the middle of this repository of information. He raised his right arm, rotated it, and then began to sway like a compass needle finding its direction. The old woman shook her head and left. In moments White was striding purposefully across the room.
Ernest's gaze settled on one of the file cabinets with wide flat drawers. He opened them to see bound volumes of old and especially brittle newspapers. He read the yellowed tape labels of dates on volumes and founds the ones he was seeking. He moved these to a table and began to leaf through them.
After going through several faded and frayed pages, a headline caught his eyes. It read:
 
Local Woman Drowns in River Accident
Infant Rescued
His eyes ran down the article. The quotations from local authorities added no details save that the river had been swollen by flooding. Finally he noticed the victim's name: Kaye Green. But no details about her were given, not even her age. He perused the text fruitlessly for information about the woman but then he reread a small quotation near the end:
 
Friend Ella Miles said, "She was a bright soul. We will miss her."
 
He took an envelope out of his jacket and jotted the woman’s name on the back of it. He then folded the envelope and returned it to his pocket.
He was returning the books to the drawer when one fell off the stack he was carrying and hit the floor. He bent to pick it up and his eye was caught by an article and picture on the page that had fallen open. 
 
Town Leaders Commemorate Opening of Library
 
There in a photograph from 1909 stood three young men of different height and build standing on the steps of a small brick building; one stocky and shorter, one tall and languid, and one of middle height with a bright, smiling expression on his face and a shock of somewhat misdirected hair. The caption read, "John Sweet, Noah Larr, and Christopher White proudly inaugurate the new county library."
Christopher White. Ernest bent down and looked at the man. He wore a recognizable happy grin. There was some inviting careless in his face that was not to be found in the stern, almost frozen visages of the other two men. Christopher White clearly suited the photographic medium.
Ernest thought of removing the paper from the book and taking it with him, but instead he marked the date on the back of the envelope he carried as note paper, then turned the page. Here and there other small articles caught his eye. Between headlines about fires or floods or bad crops or railroad strikes he saw the same names mentioned over and over: Sweet, White, Larr. Three men closely connected with the civic duties of the town. But after several more pages, White disappeared. It was only Sweet and Larr, and then only Larr.
This was understandable, Ernest thought. Christopher had moved away before too much longer, set out on the world with a new wife on his arm, a woman as eager as himself to see the world.
He closed the book and returned it to the cabinet. He exited the stuffy room, turned to the woman at the desk outside of it, and thanked her for her time. She yawned.
As he walked into the evening he heard a commotion down the block. Men, workmen, mostly, were calling to one another. Some ran past him, pausing to stare callously, but too intent to devote energy to him.
"He's arriving. The Congressman's here!"
The energy and moving bodies were all directed down toward the depot. The whistle and grind of the train filled the air, rattling buildings too old to notice anymore. Mr. White's own feet felt energy coming up into them.
"Congressman Larr is here!"
Down in the distance he saw a mass of people crowded on the depot's boardwalk. Before long train cars laced with red, white, and blue bunting came limping up, bright color against tired countryside. Then there was a pause and a hush of both machine and men, of locomotive and waiting crowd, and then the Congressman descended.
Patriotism and hunger mixed with memory and newspaper articles to trace the figure of the old man. White appraised him. He was the one man of the trio of White, Sweet, and Larr who had cast his life a straight arrow from the instance of that flashbulb's pop almost 40 years ago. He had been sheriff once but now he was an aging congressman, sagging but manicured and cultivated.
The crowd surged toward him. 
"Watch it, you drunk!" a hungry-looking young man muttered as he bumped into Mr. White on the way to the depot.
"Shut up," his friend cautioned. "That's the feller who's funding the fair."
"I don't care," the other man said, but they both made no more of it and moved eagerly past him.
Mr. White ignored this and stood in the middle of the street with his hands in his pockets, watching the congressman raise his arms above his hoary head and then descend the train's steps with the assistance of his aides. He wondered how a man shoots straight as an arrow from the past to the future without a trace of the flesh he's torn through to get there. Ruminations clouded into his head, temptations to do or say or act upon things, and he wondered if he should fulfill them. But in the end he turned on his heel and headed home. 
*
The next day dawned pale purple-and-yellow like an iris petal. Light like diluted watercolor pushed between the town's few buildings and highlighted the backs of two women sitting side-by-side at the drugstore's dining counter. One back was broad and overflowing and the other was trim and erect.
Birchola stood lazily on one foot behind the counter and swept her lanky hair back from her face and asked sullenly, "You ladies gonna order anything else?"
They answered in the negative.
"Would it kill you to cheer up?" Birchola’s manager yelled at her from between the pharmacy shelves.
But the two ladies ignored the exchange. The large one, who wore a floral dress, was gingerly attending to the corner of a piece of apple pie like a cat playing with a mouse before it kills it. The other woman, Atalanta, directed her eyes blandly at her coffee.
"I wonder why he's back?" the large woman said. 
Atalanta stirred her coffee to break up her face in the ripples. 
"He used to like you," the large woman continued. "He always thought he liked that tall, willowy gal, but everyone could tell he liked you. I'm surprised he hasn't come by to check you out."
"People outgrow things," Atalanta said. 
"Well, sometimes not," the other woman said. "You take my cousin Irene..."
But Atalanta interrupted. "He's come back because he's weak – because he's in trouble again," she said. "Because no one else will have him. There's got to be a better reason than that for a person to come back."
"I'm sure the stories aren't..."
Atalanta lifted her head from her coffee turned to look the other woman straight in the eye. "They're all true."
The large woman flushed and recoiled. "Oh my..!"
"I deserve better than to protect him from his own poor judgment – again." Atalanta said. She put some change on the counter and stood up.
The large woman looked at her. "No hard feelings, hon – see you at the shop later today? We need your help arranging flowers for a funeral. Lord knows the other gal would mess it up." 
Atalanta nodded, opened the drug store door, and departed.
*
The same day Mr. White received a postcard from the Professor. Its colorful satin front boasted "Greetings from Sioux City, Iowa!" and displayed an obelisk, Indians, the Missouri River, and a classically-styled municipal building. It was postmarked from a week ago and had been discolored here and there with drops of water. The message was brief but written in a strong hand:
 
This country is bigger than I ever imagined. Am having a wonderful time! Please do not forget our museum project. I hope to see you in a few weeks. Sara sends her best regards. Regards, Josef Wilkenson, aka "The Professor."
 
Ernest put down his coffee and scanned it, then handed it to Otto.
While Otto read it over White said, "That reminds me, I want you to go with me on a hike tomorrow. There's a plot of land on my back acres I want to look at as a possible museum site. It will be a day hike – I'll tell you what to pack."
Otto nodded. He received the extensive list of hiking essentials later that evening. He also saw two brand new packs set out by the back door in the mudroom, and two sets of hiking boots – one exactly his size.
Otto admired his new boots as he stuffed what White insisted were indispensable items into the two packs. He made sure to make his employer's load lighter than his own. 
The next morning after a big breakfast they set out, slinging their packs to their shoulders. "This way," White said, leading them across the car-trampled back yard, past the dormant tractor, and then diving into the tall tan field and toward the trees beyond. Otto followed.
In the cool of the morning a mist hung over the lowest parts of the meadow and flowed across the cow path like a ghost. Distant birds trilled briefly in the high darting distance. Mr. White propelled himself with a fine walking stick and Otto did the same – they both had walking sticks that were veterans of many an Alpine jaunt. White’s had a hawk’s head on it; Otto's, a camel's. They walked down through the first low cool pasture that marked the mere edge of White's land and put the farmhouse quickly behind them. 
Down at the far end the land sank into a creek bed fringed by stunted trees, and they crossed the creek and then rose up the terrace of the other side. The land rose in rock-strewn steppes tangled with spindly brush. They crested the last of these and pushed through a grove of trees into daylight. Now the land before them was composed of several green, smooth, undulating hillocks that rose calmly and persistently. White strode on vigorously ahead. It took a good half hour to surpass and conquer these. At the top of the last smooth hill, they acquired a vista of the land for several miles around. White pointed out some landmarks of his boyhood – an outcropping of rock from which a cold spring poured, a dark crease of a valley in the distance where a sawmill had operated, and a shadow two hollows over where three cabins and a subscription schoolhouse had been set up and then abandoned, now disintegrated into ruins like spoiled stacks of hay.
"I saw an ancient Indian gathering sorrel there once. His face looked like a landslide. We both felt guilty about seeing each other." 
They pressed on with their march and reached a stand of thin tall trees and pushed through these into a wide clearing that held level for about 100 yards before cascading down to the slow green river a mile or so ahead.
"This will be the spot," Mr. White said. "This is it – I remember. When I was a boy I used to come here to get some quiet. You could hike up here to see the river down below like a tame green giant and just hear the sound of it, chattering softly, if you paused and listened." 
Otto rested his hands on his hips. "It is a wonderful view," he admitted.
"Let’s go down a little further," White said. "Where this level breaks, at those rocks in the distance, is a place I imagine as a second tier or grotto."
Otto agreed, and the two of them continued their trek. But a moment later Otto put his hand on White’s shoulder and stopped him.
"I hear voices," Otto said.
Mr. White cocked an ear, and he too heard a low stream of chatter, sounding faintly and repeatedly.
"Unpack my pistol," he said.
The ‘pistol’ was of an antiquated dueling variety and lay underneath layers of useless supplies that White had insisted they pack, and so it took Otto some time to find it. By the time he had it he noticed that White had gone on ahead and was out of site. Otto repacked quickly and took off running toward the stand of rocks.
 He saw White crouched down behind a boulder, and his employer motioned Otto to his side. Otto knelt beside him, and they looked past the rocks to see a group of six drab khaki tents with a spent campfire in the middle. And about twenty yards beyond that he could see a band of people standing in the grass. It was the saddest lot of humanity he had ever seen. The men had hollow, stubble-smudged cheeks and piercing eyes. The woman wore drab clothes and lank hair. But oddly enough the expressions on their faces were calm, even happy, and they were raising their arms and legs like wind-blown scarecrows in some droning chant and dance.
In the center of them stood a gaunt man in a threadbare and dingy white suit. He had a lean, care-worn face and salt-and-pepper hair that had gone too long since its last cut. He was, in fact, the poor man’s Mr. Perfect Otto had met at Maye Weather’s party. His big eyes were set in sagging purple sockets and had a jangling electricity to them.
"Continue chanting the prayer!" the man called to the throng. As they chanted in a circle he walked behind them like a drill sergeant and continued speaking. "Now that the calisthenics have purified us we'll fan out and continue the search for our treasure. God made the Spaniards lose it centuries ago so we found find it now, when there are folks in need."
They nodded.
"I want to thank you for your faith, and for following me on this journey. I do believe we’ll be rewarded, not just because we’re hungry, but because we have learned to love one another in the classless, asexual way the angels envy. So let's begin."
He clapped and the men and women dispersed like wind-blown rags, their faces serene and detached from their bodily weariness. They scattered and floated about the fields like dandelion puffs, peering for some sign of whatever it was their master sought.
Once the last of them had drifted out of sight, the leader sat down on a log near the campfire and took a sandwich out of his pocket. He munched it and looked over a yellowed paper while he did so. He held it near to his face and traced it with his finger.
White walked up silently behind him and snatched the map away from the man's hands. The Mock-Perfect rose and spun to face Mr. White, his eyes widened with shock and rage, but he fell slowly back down when he saw Otto with the pistol.
"I know you," White said harshly. "I saw you at the party, pretending to be me. A charlatan theosophist."
"An honest theosophist."
"A manipulator and a trespasser. What have you got these poor souls hunting up for you?"
The man said nothing.
With Otto on the watch, White took his eyes off of the imposter and appraised the document he'd snatched. He scowled and held it out to Otto. "It's a crude map of the valley," he said. "These things have been floating around since as long as I can remember, each 100% guaranteed to be authentic and purporting to show where some lost Spanish gold is hidden. They are artificially aged and sold to some poor unsuspecting sap." He turned to the man. "Where did you get this?"
"The spirits, in their wisdom, and judging me sufficiently enlightened to deserve such knowledge, revealed at last to me..."
White scowled and stared at him, and Otto vaguely waved the pistol. So the man answered again.
"I won it in a poker game." 
"Yes, and it’s worth less than the paper the playing cards were printed on. And you conned these poor souls with all your spiritualistic blarney so you’d have a little help you scouting for this ‘treasure’?"
The man's face reddened. "No sir, no!" he thundered. "That part is no con. Whatever we find we share, and we share because we deserve it. They are my colleagues in a genuine movement that sees an opportunity for truth in this time of despair.  I have started the Church of the Deserving Misfortune. If we suffer, it's because we deserve it, but the first step to reversing this is to scrutinize our lives until we can honestly realize how spiritually wretched we are and that we need a higher power to help us – like the higher power that let me find this map. Then we pray and pray and pray and live good lives until something happens and our fortunes reverse again."
"And what if they never reverse?"
"Heaven counts," the man replied.
White turned to Otto. "The man knows his theology."
"Also, each follower goes and sells cards outlining our spiritual precepts. That way my believers are actively recompensed for their ministry. It also encourages folks to stake out new territories to evangelize." He handed Mr. White one of the cards. It had a sitting, soft green Hindu-looking figure at the top with the words "Prosper Now" beneath it, followed by an enumerated list of precepts that combined reincarnation, calisthenics, an herbal purgative, Bible verses sifted mostly from Proverbs, and Yankee thrift. Astrological symbols crawled up and down the borders.
"Designed it myself. I saw it in a dream."
White said nothing. Some of the haggard followers noticed the interaction between White, Otto, and their leader and called to the others. From various corners they came and gathered around the three men.
White cleared his throat and raised his voice and spoke to them. "I’m sorry to tell you but your map’s a fraud. They manufacture these things all up and down the valley and sell them to suckers. It’s a legend, like El Dorado."
"What’s the harm in looking?"
"No harm, but you’re never going to find it. I can just by looking that this map was made not five years ago. Trust it if you want, but you’ll only end up cold and wet and hungry."
Some of them looked to their leader. 
The man's face fell. "I suppose he might be right on this one."
"Well then where’s that leave us?"
White looked at the haggard band with their hollow faces and sunken eyes.
"Take down their names and addresses," he said to Otto. "Write a note on my behalf to the hotel manager – put them up there for the night, then give them each a little cash to get them on their way." 
"How much cash?"
"I don’t know – a per diem."
"A dollar? Five dollars? Fifty cents?"
"Look, I don’t know – a per diem! You know, whatever it would cost to stay in the hotel one more night and buy a train ticket out of here or else another meal or two."
"Very well."
Many of the hollow faces turned up and tried to catch his eye and thank him, but it embarrassed White and he turned away. Some ran after to thank him but he would not hear it – he just shoved his hands in his pockets. His whole mind and body felt disturbed. He stared at the ground and kept walking robotically away.
The group re-coalesced around Otto and White disappeared back over the hill.
*
Otto did not return to the house until late that afternoon, and he found White seated in the living room, staring absently at the empty fireplace. Otto threw his pack down a little rudely but soon recovered his manners.
"So, is that going be a good site for your museum?" Otto asked.
"What?" Mr. White asked. "Oh yes, I suppose. As good as any," he answered. 
"Very good. If you’ll excuse me, I need to get cleaned up."
"Of course," he said. He moved his eyes from the fireplace to the table beside him and tapped out his pipe.
"You know, Otto, when I close my eyes I see all those men and women from the hillside stretched out in front of me like a string of paper-dolls. But they are paper dolls of skeletons."
Otto grunted and told him he’d get supper on as soon as he’d washed the hike off his body. White closed his eyes and looked at the fireplace and saw the paper dolls in his mind’s eye.  He puffed and blew smoke and found he was seeing bones and heads and sockets in its curls. He looked at them with an intellectual detachment until some part of his brain made one of the faces look like his own; this surprised him, and he found this trick of his subconscious curious and amusing.
Chapter 11
In the coming days Otto was gone more and more from the household, and Mr. White found himself making some progress on the plans for his museum, though not as much as he’d have liked. He was more interested in finding out what Otto was up to, though he was too proud to ask.
"There's some bill of lading in town for you at the telegraph office," Otto shouted as he came slamming in through the back screen door one evening. "Some delivery in regard to the fair you have me planning. I told them I'd get you to sign it tomorrow."
Mr. White nodded. "You know," he said, "I think I may just drive in and sign it tonight. I need a drive to jog my mind."
"They’ll be closed."
"Well, call someone and make sure it’s open. They’ll open it for me."
Otto grumbled.
And so after dinner White climbed into his car as the sun was lighting the sky pink and white, and he wheeled off into town beneath the waning day. He enjoyed the feeling of the cool air on his temples. He parked then walked through the deserted streets to the Western Union office by the depot where a somewhat perturbed pigeon-gray man was waiting for him. White signed a few forms, slid them back to him, and then stepped back out into the evening’s draining color. He heard some laughing voices rising and falling occasionally, and he decided to obliquely follow their sound. He found himself walking along a street parallel to the main street and town square. The storefronts were closed. In the distance Mr. White could hear a band rehearsing for the weekend's dam ceremonies. He decided to angle to the town's square.
He walked up to one end of the square and saw a sign promoting the lake. It was to be an opal paradise, a feat of strength for leisure, a playground foretelling prosperity.
His thoughts were interrupted when he turned and saw a pack of men in the clothes of workers gathered on the front steps of the hotel. Ben Sweet was among them. Sweet had been a peer of White's since childhood, heir to a drygoods business on the decline. His face hung leering and sour. 
"Gentlemen," he said to the men who surrounded him, "May I introduce the distinguished Mr. Ernest White."
Ernest tipped his hat and some of the men behind Sweet laughed.
"Mr. White and I are old friends. "Our fortunes have taken different paths, but that don't override a bond of courtesy and familiarity."
"Ben, you're drunk," Mr. White said. 
"What if I am? These are happy times and here you come back to fret old wounds."
"I just came back to study."
"Hah!"
White just stared at him. "I don't think you ever said you're sorry, Ben. That's the starting place, for me."
Ben moved up close to him. "Sorry for what, Ernest? For having the guts to stick with this town? For taking some money so I could take care of my family? For not turning tail and running away?"
"Go home, Ben, you're drunk and you're letting a crowd of strangers egg you on."
Ben swung out a fist that Ernest ducked easily, and then White put his fists up in defense.
"We found his pulse, boys," Sweet said, and the men hooted. They formed a ring as the two men circled each other.
"You don't even know these folks, Ben – don't let them egg you on."
The two men came beneath the shadow of a tree, in a lot beyond the hotels.
"Remember this tree, Ben?" Ernest asked. "Remember who they lynched here?"
"Shut up," Sweet said. He swung and missed, and Ernest pushed him hard against the tree. Sweet's head thumped backward, and he slumped and fell down. He tried to get up but Ernest lazily pushed him down again.
"You're drunk," he said again.
The crowd around them and filled the air with cat-calls, but they grew quiet when two men walked into the circle and one of them raised a hand to silence them. It was the sheriff and the visiting congressman, Noah Larr. The latter man was tall and solemn like a commemorative whiskey bottle of Robert E. Lee. 
"This isn't over," Ben said.
"Good God, finally!" Ernest replied, his face wild and his mouth hanging open. "That's what I've been trying to tell everyone – you think it's over, but it's never over!"
Their eyes met in a moment of shared exhaustion, and Ben gaped at Ernest. But then the two interceding men stepped forward. The whiskey bottle Confederate walked between them.
"We got too much to celebrate to be fighting, gentlemen," he intoned paternally. "I didn't come back to my childhood town to see some amateur fisticuffs. Now a cockfight, maybe..."
Some in the crowd laughed.
"I understand you put that strip of land I sold you to good use," Ernest said to Larr.
The congressman frowned.
"Too bad you didn't keep your word," Ernest added.
"He's nuts!" someone in the crowded said. Others nodded. Ernest looked out at the faces. He could see here and there some faces of men he had saved from the Mock-Perfect’s folly and put up in the hotel. When he met their eyes some looked away.
The sheriff stepped forward. "You all go home," he said. "The next man who throws a punch gets to spend the night in jail. Now everybody break up and cool off."
Larr scowled like a disappointed grandfather. "It's a crime the way some people shoot their mouths off," he said, as much to himself as anyone else.
Mr. White turned his back on him and walked slowly away. The far ring of the crowd parted just enough to let him through. 
White's feet carried him from the scene of the fight, across the town green, to the dark streets on the farther side. As he walked he felt the eyes of the old politician and the sheriff boring through him, but he didn't care. 
He reached the far side of the empty square and sat on a bench. He had just begun to let the black and quiet wrap around him when he saw a tall womanly figure emerged from the shadow of a nearby building. She held her hands in front of her, one clenching the other.
"You can't stay out of trouble, can you?"
He looked at her. "Sorry Atalanta, this time it found me..."
Her brown eyes were full of sorrow and scorn. "Why did you come back here? You have to have known that coming back here would only cause trouble." 
He stared at her: "I have a right to be here."
Her voice broke. "No you don't," she said. "Not anymore. I thought you might have changed since you went away, but you haven't. You don't need to drag people back through time because you've burnt out your life abroad. The folks here have moved past you and they deserve to. They have something to look forward to now."
He looked at her calmly. "I came here because I have work to do. I am trying to bury myself in my research. My life and my work run through this place the same as theirs – the same as yours."
Her dark hair showed moonlight through its wilder strands. Her eyes showed age at the edges but youth in their centers, and they seemed to be weighing him. He had a look of calmness and sincerity that absolutely aggravated and unknit her.
She took a deep breath. "Look Ernest," she said at last. "We can move on."
He stared at her like he did not know what she was talking about. "I'm not trying to drag you into things," he said.
"Maybe I ought to drag you forward."
"Just a few things to finish," he said. He bent toward her but she turned and he could only kiss her cheek. She left her shaking her head. He watched her go and then he turned back into the darkness.
*
Word began to get around that Mr. White had sponsored the Mock-Perfect's handful of ragged followers for their stay at the hotel. The news that he had broken his long-standing policy of disengagement and had personally dispensed cash prompted excitement and resentment in the town. He found himself besieged at his mansion for an afternoon with supplications, opportunities, threats and pleas. He had to hire guards and fix his gate, but not before being subjected to sobs and calls and beratings such as:
"You can't buy respect!"
"Please, my wife has polio..."
"The Lord sayeth, ‘To those I have given much...’"
"Tryin' to influence an election..."
"Internal combustion is old hat compared to this opportunity..."
"If you could just fix my piano..."
White fortified himself in his mansion and took out a full-page ad in the paper the next day announcing that his old policy of distributing funds solely through the New York foundation was still intact. For a day no one believed this, then some believed it and presented him with the requisite reams of paperwork, then all believed it and began to nurse a simmering resentment. 
That night while his full-page ad was sinking in, he had Otto bring a guest to his residence. It was the woman he had seen quoted in the old newspaper clipping. He had discovered her married name and address from the postmaster, and early in the evening Otto drove to a small white house in the oldest part of town of town to retrieve her. The yard was filled with stalks of orange daylilies that had long since spread themselves out wild to every corner. They were almost exhausted from the long summer, save for one brave bloom or two.
Otto escorted her to his employer's house and introduced her to Mr. White. She was a short old woman with piercing blue eyes and a face as beautiful as a china teacup. She smiled at White.
"I don't believe a word they say about you. Your mother was so nice."
He led her into the parlor and set her down to coffee. After some pleasant moments discussing his mother, he told her the story he had heard about the young woman whose baby Isaiah had rescued. Her expression fixed a little, but she continued smiling.
"Oh yes, I knew the woman. Her name was Kaye Green. Let's see, what did I know about her? Her father had been moved off of his land by the coming of the railroads, and he had relocated his family to the nearby hills. His health had broken after that and the girl, who was wild in spirit, was sent to the Cherokee Mission by her exasperated mother. The girl proved bright but defiant and impervious to instruction and was sent home. She soon left her mother and made her own way in town, working as a housekeeper in the hotel and earning a small living plus her board. I have a picture of her," she said. She reached into her purse and retrieved a sepia portrait. She handed it over to him.
"How did you get that?" he asked. He looked at a young girl with brazen proud eyes and high cheekbones and a smile that mocked the photographer. Her face was framed by straight dark hair.
"Oh, we were girlfriends, just for one summer. I thought she had taste, you know – she seemed so interested in the world beyond, so I wanted to be, too. My mother thought she was wicked, but I guess that just increased her appeal to me. She got hold of magazines and newspapers from the men who would come through here on the train, pages full of stories and advertisements and products from the big cities. Her eyes would glow as she read over them and showed them to me. It was exciting. One day I took a day trip with her to Tulsa. We looked in all the fine stores – of course, we couldn't afford anything, but she said she would some day." 
"She had me try on hats and shoes and told me which ones looked good on me. It was fun hearing her talk. It made me feel brave, you know, to go into the stores in the big city and all. She always looked fine when she put on those tasteful clothes, but I always thought I looked silly."
"Then I started seeing less of her. She suddenly stopped working at the hotel, though she still lived there. Word got around that she was being kept by one of the big men in town, that she had smitten him. But she was an expensive girl, it seems, even for him. Other men courted her when one of them would not buy her everything she wanted, and soon there was acrimony between three of the leading men in town."
"Then she turned up pregnant, and each man's suspicions turned toward the other, and all at once none of them would have anything to do with her or with each other. She could not afford to live like she had without their support, and one day she just moved out of the hotel and was gone. Later she took to wandering into town, and she did not seem right anymore. She was large with child and miserable and cursed the men, none of whom would help her. The women folks who would offer help did so at arm's length, recommending her to the care of relations out of town to avoid scandal. I guess she finally took one of them up on it, because she was gone for several months. But then she did turn back up, more bedraggled than ever, only now with a baby as well. She took to calling out the leading men out in the streets, accusing them angrily, all the time with that poor baby not more than a month old clutched to her breast."
"In the end I think the men decided they had to do something about her. I think they decided to send her off to the state mental hospital and put the child up for adoption. But she resisted. Your father tried to save her, but only saved the child."
He looked at her calm blue eyes.
"I don't mean to hurt you or surprise you," she said. "You said you wanted to know. Chris was involved in most everything the other two were, at the time."
"Yes, of course," Mr. White said. 
"Your mother was such a wonderful spirit," the woman said. "I sorely missed her."
White rose and thanked her for her time. "You've been an immense help." He walked her to the door. Otto appeared and escorted her on one arm into the night, out to the car to drive her home. Mr. White gently shut the front door and retreated into his house. As he did he heard the car hum to life behind him, to deliver the woman and her memories back to her house. He picked up his cup and paused to look at the green veins through the skin of his hand as if seeing them for the first time. They might as well be a map of the valley.
*
From Ernest White's Journal:
A WPA archeology team is working a few miles upstream from the dam site, hurriedly trying to excavate and catalog bones and relics before they are lost forever beneath the lake.
I asked the leader if they had petitioned the governor or the dam project manager for more time to excavate, and he said they had, but to no avail. 
"Look at the sign in town," he said. "Look at the signs all up and down this valley. A blue lake and electricity. And $23,000,000 in the pockets of workmen who desperately need jobs. No one's going to argue against that, especially in times like these."
I asked him about the excavation - who were the people who used to live here.
He shrugged and poked a toe at the dirt and said he could not say for sure. They lived in this valley for thousands of years. The layers they were frantically excavating at this one site cataloged at least five distinct cultures, spanning centuries, drawn to these springs and this hollow and these cliffs.
I offered to help pay for the food and lodging of the teams of students he was bringing from the university to help with the site. He smiled and gave me the name of someone at the university to contact. I am afraid he thinks it is welcome but too little, too late. 
*
In the Professor's continued absence Mr. White took it upon himself to begin having his archaeological treasures shipped in for the museum from his various warehouses overseas. He had assumed they were all safe and snug in Rome and Bulgaria, Briton and Paris and Bangkok and Bombay and Alexandria, but upon specific inquiry he found it almost impossible to obtain inventories from any of these sites. Prize treasures could not be accounted for and were said to be in transit – though no one could say to or from where. Telegrams flew. His primary curator, Mr. Maxwell, now telegrammed him directly to report that all the prior telegrams he had received were false, and that all his treasures were still, in fact, secure and accounted for. The flaw, he said, had been in the improved ledger system used to generate the inventory lists. But right after that he received word from his London man Lloyd Jenkins saying that this was exactly what Maxwell should be expected to say, since he had sold many of the real treasures and replaced them with forgeries. Then he received a message from a mysterious Miss Elsa Braun, whose voice sounded husky even in type, saying both men were frauds working for a guild of deposed Russians, and that if he would only provide a large sum of cash to set up a series of cunning traps, all could be resolved to his advantage. It got so absurd he gave up in frustration. He’d have Otto sort it out.
It was in the course of trying to decipher these conflicting messages that White received a called from a female reporter for a Tulsa newspaper. Would he mind doing an interview for the travel section of the Sunday paper? He consented to do so.
The woman arrived at the appointed time. She was a young woman, tall and amiable, with hair pulled back and carefully-outlined lips one notch bigger and redder than nature. After taking a few pictures of him on the front steps of his ‘mansion’ they sat down inside for the interview. Otto had set out blueberry pie a la mode and coffee for them. She began with a few innocuous questions then she cut to the chase. 
"Someone said your teachings inadvertently drove a follower of yours in Europe, a young girl, to suicide, and that you paid a lot of money to keep her family quiet about it." Her eyes suddenly flashed like little black beads.
He smiled blandly. "What kind of fool would I be to get involved in something like that?" he asked
"I have no idea."
"If you are asking me directly," he said, "it just tells me you don't have any proof of this outlandish tale. And I doubt you'll ever find any."
"Sometimes the direct way works," she said.
He smiled, and after a while, she did as well. It was a warm smile like an image of a smile.
"Look," he said, relaxing and stretching his legs in front of him, "if you're going to come all the way out here, you should be writing about something interesting, like this massive federal dam project, and all the big men it's going to make. You scratch the surface and you'll find all the men who'll be leading this state in politics for the next quarter century, all right here. Oh, not all in plain sight, maybe, but right here nonetheless."
"I'll give it some thought."
"I'm surprised your editor didn't make it your top priority. There's career-making stuff going on here."
"We'll see. That's the editor's call."
"Of course, of course." He leaned back. "Your editor probably has his finger on the pulse out here already – no doubt a man or two here feeds him leads for stories now and then." He looked at her with calm smiling eyes like blue glass. She saw deeper into them than she thought and then noticed that he had noticed this, or intended this.
She looked away and tapped out a cigarette. "You people in the upper class learn to control yourselves at a different level, don't you?" she said. "Not all of you, but a few – like you – and I met Andrew Carnegie once – like him. Your eyes are instruments of control."
"Me – ‘upper class’? Hah! If that’s true then the term’s been hollowed out, or never meant much in the first place. I am a rural farmer and maybe an amateur archeologist, when I can overcome my inertia. But not upper class."
"I can see how you could have been a fakir," she said.
"Do you? If so, please tell me, because I was never very good at it."
"But you had the eyes, didn't you, that gave a depth for people to lose themselves in – to think that they were truly someone special?"
He laughed. "The only person these eyes have ever fooled is me, because I am on the receiving end of whatever they look at. And they tend to be attracted to anything gaudy or absurd. If a person can be their own fakir, then maybe you're right. But only if they can."
"I'm not so sure."
"Look, Ernest said, "How about if I help you salvage your long trip out here? Let me dig up some photos of my trips to Giza, or the Taj Mahal. Or of the colorful street life in Bangkok."
"That won't be necessary. We'll send a boy out if we need anything more." 
"All right," he said. He paused, smiling down at his shoes. "So, do you enjoy this more than your old job? It's more respectable, isn't it?"
She had been packing away her notebook into her purse, but she stopped in mid-motion and looked at him.
He continued. "It beats running around at the behest of a private detective, snapping shots of adulterers, doesn't it? I suspect this move to respectable journalism is a great relief for you."
"I don't know what you mean."
He reached into his jacket and fished out a cigarette. "Did you know you tap your foot when you lie? It's because you still have a conscience. And that's because you thought you were bred for better things – then something happened. You've had to fight your way back to where you are now. You're proud of it, but it's made you hard. You have to be hard to ignore your better judgment for the sake of practicality."
She rose, and he rose too. He extended a hand.
"You had dance training for, what, six or seven year? Your poise all but announces it – the way you walk, the way you still hold yourself erect from the small of your back when you are seated. And I'd say you had to stop your training when hard luck befell you – along with the rest of the nation, of course. But as I've said, you've made your way back, and recently. Your dress is worn but your costume jewelry is new. But those earrings – they are special – they are from before any of this happened, aren't they – from before the hard times?"
Her face reddened and she turned to leave.
He called after her. "You insist on wearing those earrings even though they don't match anything else, because they show you were somebody once. They show that to yourself, anyway – that you were better than all of this."
She turned back toward him with her face in an odd twist. "So that's how you convinced people you were a golden child? Because you have this trick for noticing little things? Because you can tell them about themselves?"
His lips stretched in a thin smile. "It's only a trick if you misuse it. Otherwise it's a gift."
She walked briskly away. 
He sat back down, finished his cigarette, and put it out on his plate.
Chapter 12
Otto disappeared all afternoon the next day. It annoyed Mr. White, but he busied himself organizing notes and dioramas of the museum until he got sick of those, and then he noticed that the mail had brought with it an odd, small package from an infrequent correspondent in the Middle East. He tore off the paper and found the contents to be mostly padding with just one small seed packet in the middle. It was gaudy and looked like the kind of thing a timid tourist might buy one foot off the gangplank at some port of call, just to say they had been some place. The packet read:

Century Plant:
These iron-hard seeds sprout at their own schedule, waiting centuries if need be for the right conditions, suddenly thriving and producing vivid orange blossoms like the fire that consumes the phoenix, and disappearing just as quickly. Treasured by Bedouins, their blossoming is seem as a prayer of thanks for the infrequent rains, and is a cause of celebration and the expectation of good fortune.

Part of him told him it was tacky, but he liked the package, so he went upstairs and put on what passed for old work clothes then set out to the 20 x 20 patch of tilled soil a few yards from his back porch. 
This small patch of dirt that Otto had turned over for him represented his attempt at gardening. He tended it when he could. His keen eyes appraised the broken, clodded surface for signs of green shoots, but there were none. A scarecrow of hideous original design (with catalog-purchased authentic rustic clothes) was elevated on a pole in the middle and towered over both him and the broken soil. On intermittent stakes he had tacked the seed packets of the vegetables and flowers he had planted. He stomped amidst the rows bearing representations of turnips and radishes, found a loose stake, and drove it through this exotic packet as well. Then he dug a small hole for the seed and dropped it in the ground. As he shoved some dirt back over it with the toe of shoe he scoffed but noticed that his mind’s eye was already conjuring a scene of expert horticulturalists from miles around gathered at his place, congratulating White and witnessing this rarest and most beautiful of desert blossoms that none of them had ever been able to nurture before. That was motivation enough – he would come back out and over-water it later.
He was dragging his hands across the legs of his pants to get the dirt off them when a piercing report rent the air and an arm from his scarecrow fell to the ground beside him.
He heard a high-pitched voice in the distance whoop with joy. "I got him! I got him!"
"You near-sighted idiot!" a gruff voice chastised, "You shot his scarecrow!"
"Fer the Bolsheviks!" the high-pitched voice cried, and a lanky figure appeared in the distance charging toward the house. A second man, shorter and heavier, puffed along behind him.
White threw himself the ground and crawled quickly to his back porch. Another shot rent the air. Ernest made a break for it, rose to his feet, and scrambled up the back steps and through the screen door. Once inside he stood flat against the wall, his chest heaving. Then he craned his neck and peered between the curtains of the kitchen window. When he saw the shadows of the men coming closer he grabbed a bust of Minerva from a table in the den and then ran down the hall and hid in the bathtub with the curtain drawn behind him.
A few seconds later he heard the backdoor open and shut, and then open and shut a second time, more quietly. Then he heard footsteps inside his house.
"Where's he hide his gold?" the gruff voice asked.
"You mean the peoples' gold."
"Yeah – that's what I mean. Where you reckon he hides the peoples’ gold?"
"In a safe, behind a picture of an ancestor. That's the way it always is."
"Then start looking for one of those."
He heard the footfalls of the men pacing through his house. He had never felt so alone in his life – the sound of his own blood pumping almost overwhelmed him. She stood stock-still in mortal fear. He thought any little breath or movement on his part would give him away.
Then he heard something else, a siren on the distance, approaching. The intruders seemed to hear it too. Their rummaging noises ceased. 
"Who'd you tell we was coming here?" the gruff voice hissed suddenly.
"I didn't tell no one."
"You're lying! You just can’t keep that tongue of yours still! I ought to wring your neck..!"
"You get drunk so much I suspect you tole everybody!" the thin earnest voice piped. 
"Why you son of a bitch..!"
White heard the sound of the two men scuffling, then a high-pitched yelp, followed by sudden footsteps that came his way, and Mr. White hoisted the statue. The next moment the shower curtain parted, and a thin-faced, pale young man was looking straight at him with eyes that turned as big as saucers.
"Oh dear god..." the thin fellow said and fainted straight away. He collapsed backward like the world’s cheesiest thespian, one forearm over his brow. His head crashed against the toilet.
The gruff man came in two steps after him and was in such a rage that did not notice White. Instead he hunched over the collapsed body of his associate. "If you think playing' possum's gonna get you out of this..!" he began, but White brought Minerva down square on his skull. The man collapsed on top of his skinny accomplice.
White stared at them for a full second and then stepped gingerly from the bathtub and over the two bodies. Just then he heard a knocking at his front door.
"Mr. White, Mr. White – you home? Mr. White, it's the sheriff – is everything okay in there?"
Ernest walked to the front door and met the tired old bulldog of a sheriff. "No, everything's not okay. I was just shot at by two men invading my home. I apprehended them – I have them back here."
"You apprehended them?"
"Just come on."
The sheriff followed White back to the bathroom, looked down at the two men, and clucked his teeth. One of the men, the gruff one, was already waking up. The sheriff hauled his body upright and put cuffs on his hands behind his back. The other still slept as blissfully as a baby.
"Fortunately for you people in town talk a lot," the sheriff said. "Somebody shot off their mouth that someone might be trying to rob your place."
White nodded.
"What you have here are two very different men," the sheriff continued. "This one, this fat sorry sack of shit, he's a common thief of the lowest order.  But this lanky boy here, he's something else."
The heavier man with the unshaven face looked at them both with smouldering eyes but then looked away.
"Goading someone else into carrying the gun again, huh Billy?" the sheriff asked. "Always one to avoid the dirty work yourself."
The man said nothing. Mr. White looked down at the second man, the pallid lanky man fast asleep.
"Who's he?" Mr. White asked.
"One of the new ones in town, one of the greener ones. Got all stirred up at a meeting of workmen the other night – someone read a write-up about you in the paper, coming home with all your fortune. Well, green horn here up and sings the Internationale and they pretend to like it and let him get all stirred up about injustice built into the system and the working man downtrodden for too long and whatever else they can get him all worked up about, all the while laughing to themselves at his expense. Well, I guess he gets too full of himself and makes it personal, like it's a chance to prove himself to these ne'er-do-wells who don't really give a damn about him anyway."
"Odd."
"Foreman was good enough to warn me about him. He's out of place here and kind of emotional. Look at him – doesn't look like he could hurt a flea. Gawd, look at that ancient squirrel rifle he was using. Lucky it didn't blow up in his face."
"Sheriff..."
"There's something broken in the world to drive a boy like that to do something he's so unfit for."
"Sheriff, I could abide you philosophizing a little better if he hadn't tried to kill me."
The sheriff looked back at Ernest. "Of course, of course, Mr. White. I wasn't excusing him." He nudged the sleeping body with the toe of his boot. "Deputy will be here soon to help cart these two away. That valet of yours isn't around, is he?"
"No, he's never around anymore. The charms of this fair community have lured him away."
"They'll do that. Met my fiancé out here when I thought for sure I'd settle in St. Louis."
Ernest nodded. "I understand. Just give me a ring when you need me to file charges."
The sheriff nodded. Soon thereafter the deputy arrived, and the two lawmen escorted their suspects out the door.
Ernest felt jittery the rest of the afternoon. He downed three stiff drinks in rapid succession to steady his nerves but then pushed the bottle away to seek a tamer diversion. He tried to lose himself in a book but found himself repeatedly fingering his temples to make sure no bullet had secretly grazed him and feeling slightly disappointed that none had. Finally he was able to go to sleep.
He woke up about four in the afternoon, remembering his recent brush with mortality. A sudden disquiet like a ragged spirit moved in him. He got dressed, climbed into his cream and burgundy car, and drove into town. He came to a big house at the end of a quiet street. He strode up to the door and knocked. A lean, strong-looking young man answered the door. His sculpted face lit into rage when he saw who it was. 
"You have no business coming here!" the young man growled, but a voice behind his asked an inaudible question in muffled tones. The young man announced Mr. White's name in reply, and the voice in the background said, "Shut up Azimuth. Let him in."
Mr. White stepped into the house. The interior was dark but rich, if somewhat showy. There was a man’s presence in it but a woman’s touch mixed in – flowers on the table but deer heads on the wall. And in a chair at the far end of the living room sat Ben Sweet. His face was still bruised from the fight he and E.L. had had earlier. 
"Leave us alone, please, Az," he said to the young man. "Go keep an eye on the folks at the store."
The young man scowled, and his hands clenched in fists at his sides, but after a moment he stalked out of the room. Mr. White stood and produced from behind his back a peace-offering bottle of pricey whiskey, or at any rate okay whiskey in a fancy bottle. Ben looked at him and gestured to the couch. Ernest took off his hat, set the bottle on a table, and then sat down.
"I came to apologize to you," Ernest said.
After a while, Ben slowly nodded. "I understand, Ernest. None of us has a monopoly on causing trouble."
Ernest agreed.
Ben sat quiet, but then he looked up. "Why did you have to come back? You’ve brought the whole damn past back with you. We've all done evil. Hell, you've done evil, Ernest."
Ernest said nothing and stared for a while. Finally he said, "I just came back here because I’m from here. I wish there was more to it than that, Ben, but that’s all there is. I’m here because I belong here."
Ben nodded. "A decade ago I wouldn’t have believed you, Ernest. But now I’m old enough to understand some stupid sentiment like that. For what it's worth, let me say this: that night, when the crowd overran me, Larr told me it was best to step aside. Not to bar the door, not to fire a shot. Larr told me that, should the mob exert itself, it was best to let the will of the people be done that night, or the whole town would go up in flames."
"Is that true?"
"That he said it? That he put the mortal fear in me that the whole town was going to explode? Yeah, it's true."
"Then more's the pity for him," Ernest said. 
Ben looked at him. "We get old E.L. and we get tired of carrying what we did, but we can't deny it."
"Well then, we can't get tired."
Ben sat forward and a flush of color rose to his face and he looked at him. "That's the thing, isn't it? We can't get tired. We can't get any rest."
"I suppose that's it," Ernest said.
Ben stared, and some anger rose to his countenance, but it faded again, and he said nothing.
White stood and fingered the brim of his hat. "I have to be going," he said. "As far as I'm concerned, Ben, we have settled everything between us. Do you agree?"
"Yes, I agree. And one more thing, Ernest. You need to watch out for yourself. You let something slip around Larr the other day. He doesn't know if he can trust you."
"Well of course he can't trust me."
"Just watch your back," Ben said. "Look – my family, your family, and Larr – we know too much about each other."
"Yes. It’s damned inconvenient."
White put on his hat and walked to the door. When he stood in the open doorway he turned back to Ben. "I'm glad you're raising your boy to have some gumption," he said. "It makes you proud, doesn't it?"
"Hell yes," Ben answered.
"I envy you," Ernest said. He had his hand on the doorknob when a thought occurred to him. "Oh, and Ben, I might ask a favor of you."
"A favor?" Ben scowled, but once Ernest had explained it Ben agreed, and after that Ernest excused himself.
*
Otto returned to the house late in the evening, coming in through the back door.
Mr. White pivoted his head. "Where the hell were you all day?"
Otto took off his hat, set it on a peg in the mudroom, and immediately moved to the stove. He began marshaling cans and pans. Mr. White sat down at the table.
"I was visiting Constance," Otto said. "She's asked me to be on the town planning committee."
Mr. White unfurled the newspaper. "You two have been awfully friendly these days."
"I hope you don't mind. It was all business. It always is."
"Of course. It's fine." 
"The people in this town have a lot of ambitious plans. Normally I'm leery of do-gooders, but these people actually care about the community. It's different when it's a real place and real people – not like that crowd in Europe that spun utopias for everybody else but kept themselves above it all."
"Yes."
"Constance wishes you could just settle down here, and devote yourself to something practical and constructive. And I do too."
White looked over the top of his paper. "When I need a Mommy and a Daddy again, I'll let you know."
"You should consider the fact that you do have a solid foothold here. Everyone appreciates your donation to put on a fair. The 'Bright Future' subcommittee says it's just the thing the people need to build enthusiasm." 
"A town this small has subcommittees?"
"Yes."
"Good God."
They were staring at each other when there came a knock at the back door. Otto turned down the fire at the stove and then went and opened it. A tall man in business-like khakis looked in past Otto toward Mr. White.
"Sir, we're taken a look at the land," he said. "We think it will do fine."
"Thank you," White said.
"It's no problem sir – we appreciate the donation. Please leave the flags in the ground and we'll have some men finish the survey in a few days."
"Excellent," Mr. White said. He rose and shook the man's hand, and then the man departed.
"What was that about?" Otto asked.
"The WPA is relocating cemeteries from towns that will be flooded by the lake. Several will need to be moved. I am donating land for some of them."
Otto just looked at him. "Just what is it with you?" he said at last.
His employer raised his bright blues eyes over the rim of his cup. "I beg your pardon?"
"My God, there's a bright future here and you're thinking about death."
"My own mortality has been called to my attention recently. And besides, there'll be plenty of time to focus on the future. There always is. But that doesn't mean we should dishonor the dead."
"It's necessary, I suppose," Otto conceded, "but it's unhealthy for a temperament like yours."
"Like mine?"
"Yes, like yours. All this damned theosophy, that office of yours out back that looks like a coffin, your plans for a museum that chronicles the West’s death spiral."
White shrugged his shoulders and answered his valet in a tone that was deliberately, overly bland. "We all have our hobbies."
Otto set his jaw a little. "But yours are unhealthy ones."
"Maybe so, but I’ll just have to bear that cross. By the way, whatever you have on the stove is burning."
Otto's face changed suddenly. He raced to the stove and attacked a flaming pan with a spatula.
White rose from his seat. "I think I’ll get some fresh air while you finish up in here. And listen, Otto – I’m glad you have found something worthwhile to do besides look after me. I honestly am."
"Well thank you."
"And next time you see Constance, give her my hello."
Otto reddened a little. "I will."
Mr. White walked up beside him and clasped his shoulder. "You never did learn how to hide anything from anyone, did you? I guess that's why I decided to trust you." Then he turned and took a hat down off its peg by the back door.
"Oh, and please save me a portion of whatever dinner you manage to salvage."
*
White launched himself from their spring-loaded bear-trap of a screen door into what proved to be a hot evening. He had two appointments to keep, but that did not mean he looked forward to them. He decided to walk to sort his thoughts. He walked through the night along narrow roads like he was walking through clouds of spiderwebs. Sucking on a cigarette did not calm him.
He walked slowly and noticed an "Entering Blaze" sign that stood amongst tall weeds on a neglected road. He passed this and the road curved sharply to the left and began climbing. Here and there in the distance lights of houses came into view, and on the air came a faint smell of cooking dinners, carried on steam.
White emerged into town and heard occasional distance bursts of braying laughter and other hoots of rowdiness. He redirected himself away from these. He walked between warehouses and came out to the blocks of businesses in dark brick buildings. From here he walked through the town square and paused in front of a sign showing an artist's conception of the dam and the beautiful blue lake with marinas and hotels around it. Here a fisherman caught a large mouth bass. There a sunburnt family with white teeth water-skied in unison. 
He went into the town's old hotel, the same hotel he had stayed in when he was a boy, when the lawyers had engineered it so he could claim his inheritance early. He strode between the same old over-stuffed chairs he had known all those years ago, went to the front desk, and asked to see Noah Larr. After a few minutes' wait, a thick-necked young man in a grey suit of a cut and shade they didn't wear in this part of the country arrived and escorted him deeper into the hotel's hallways and up the elevator and finally to the congressman's room. His escort open the door but then stood aside. Ernest walked in and found the grey-headed congressman seated in a chair by the window.
Ernest cleared his throat. "I am going to get something off my chest and you are going to listen," he said. "Fifteen years ago a man was beaten and died in town for something he did not do and you know it. You were sheriff and you knew the truth and you did nothing. You can go on pretending it did not happen but I cannot. I have a life I need to continue and I can't do that until I make one thing clear to you: I know, and I always will know. "
Larr nodded and sat looking out the window of his room. "What's the point of telling me this?"
"Just that it will be remembered – that the man who died was real and at least one person remembers what happened to him and won't rationalize it away. It won't get lost in philosophies or movements or slogans. You can't build a dam high enough that it will disappear in its shadow, or a lake deep enough that it will get lost beneath its surface."
The man nodded.
"But," Ernest continued, "But it would help me to continue my life, to do whatever it is I have left to do, if you could at least say you were sorry for what you did, and what you failed to prevent, all those years ago."
Larr turned and looked at him with peaceful gray eyes. He melted all distance between himself and Ernest for a second, and Ernest felt like he was looking at a father – a kind and forgiving and warm man. "We need to let youthful mistakes slip away," the man said. "You and I – both of us – have a duty to the future now. We have a lot to accomplish, and not just for ourselves."
"So are you sorry for it?" Ernest asked.
The benevolent father purred and demurred. "I can tell you that I regret a lot of things, especially youthful indiscretions and lapses of judgment, but for various reasons I can't come and precisely tick off things in particular."
"Oh."
"Mr. White, I'm sure you can understand how we sometimes have to atone for things in general in order to move along, to get about the business of the future?"
Ernest stood up and picked up his hat. "I'm sorry – that's not what I hoped to hear."
The benevolent gray man rose, too. "Then what are we going to do?" He smiled.
"Do? Why, remember, and get along in whatever manner that leads us."
"I see." The man bit his lip thoughtfully.
Ernest excused himself and had a hand on the doorknob.
"You're just a discredited crackpot anyway," the man added softly and slowly, as if formulating out loud. 
Ernest ignored him and departed.
*
Ernest left the hotel and walked to the destination of his final appointment – a bench off the town square. He heard footsteps behind him and turned to see Atalanta come out from the shadows of the buildings into the light. The moonlight took some of the weariness from her face and gave opalescence to her skin and brightness to her eyes. 
"Did you know that I work in a flower store down the street? I can see your old office building from its window. Nothing has ever thrived there. Different businesses come and go, but then the space is back for lease."
 "It misses me."
She looked at him. "Ernest, I want to see who you are. I want to find out why you came back here, and what it is you plan to do."
He looked down. "I don't plan to do anything."
"You came back to do nothing?" she said. "That’s the thing that frightens me.  You know, you can always see it in a man's eyes when they don't want to live anymore."
"That's not me," he said.
"You've wasted your life." 
"Have I? I've been to Giza. I've been Grand Marshal of the Mardi Gras parade on three continents. I found a lost tribe in a rainforest with no sense of humor. I orchestrated a Latin American coup. I've had my tonsils out twice. I tamed a tiger. I raised a lion from a cub. I invented a device for breathing under water that didn't work. I learned to fold paper into little birds. I have kept bees."
"So?"
"I think it's a lot."
"Does it seem like much when you add it up at the end of the day, when you're sitting in your house alone?"
"Are you talking about me, or yourself?"
She glowered at him. Her body was tall and fine and sculpted and she held herself with poise. Her dark eyes were bright jewels. 
"You work with flowers," he said. "Who the hell buys flowers in times like these?"
"You'd be surprised." She said. She looked him over and a change came into her face. "Come with me – let me show you something."
She led him to a sturdy red-brick building with a wide front glass window, turned a key in a door, and turned on a light. Color filled the room. Catalog prints of countless flowers were pinned to the walls – roses and tulips and lilies and chrysanthemums. Glass cases held bouquets. Out back he could see wooden tables with dirt and pots. 
She turned and looked him square in the eye. "Listen to me: you can remember the dead and go on living. You can treasure something in the past but not get stuck in it."
Neither spoke for a while. A discordant patriotic tune drifted from down the block. The school band was rehearsing in the town square in anticipation of the weekend's dam ceremony. When he looked back at her he saw she had a serious expression on her face.
"Ernest, I agreed to see you here because I wanted to tell you something, in case whatever's eating you is something I caused and you are planning to do something outlandish. I wanted a chance to tell you this: when we didn't work out back then, it was never just because of you. I know what happened, I know what must have gone on in your mind and how upset you must have been. And I know I could have forgiven you. But it was never just you who didn't know what they wanted. I thought I was a strong woman and I wanted to prove something to myself against the strongest thing I could find. I wanted something difficult, and I got it. I found a man who could hardly tear away from his job or the bottle, a man who thought loving was fighting. I wanted something that would fight me and might even hate me. I wanted something that would leave enough scars to prove I was really alive." 
"I wanted that at one time too," he said. "In Europe..."
"Ernest," she said. "Just shut up about yourself for once. Just listen."
He nodded. They sat on a bench, side by side.
She looked at him. "I think I was crazy, to want scars to prove I was alive, but I wanted something to show that at least once in my life I had gone up against something bigger than myself and had survived."
White nodded, and reached out toward her. "I don't think it's crazy. Who was it who said, 'Even Christ came back with the nail holes'?"
She looked at him and caught some weird expression in his face. Her eyes got wide and hard. "'Who was it'? It was no one – it was you, imagining what someone clever might have said once, if they had thought up the right line at the right time. It's always you in your mind, in your eyes, in your white suit. That's what I meant when I said I don't want to be a part of it. I have my own life. I'm not stage dressing in whatever story you're telling about yourself, whatever last act you have in mind. I just came here to tell you what I had to say. And now I'm going."
She began to hurry away.
"What if I burn the suits?" he shouted after her. He was surprised to hear the words come out of his mouth.
She stopped liked someone had knocked her legs out from under her. Then a noise like half-laugh, half-explosion came out of her. "What?"
He paused, and turned over in his head the words he'd just shouted. Now he repeated them, but more slowly and carefully, listening to them: "What if I burn the white suits, all of them?"
She turned around, her eyes wide. "And that's supposed to show..?"
He shrugged. "Well, it's a start," he said. "It's something real. It's honest to goodness destruction."
Her hands were on her hips but there was a half-laugh/half-craze light in her eyes. "Okay, start now."
"Excuse me?"
"Right now," she said, throwing out her arms. "Right here. No promises – just do it."
His fingers were on one lapel. "I'll have nothing to wear."
"I’ll sneak in and get a suit from the undertaker's. They have one there for a fellow just your size who passed away. It’s plain, but it’ll do."
He looked at her. "If I do it, will you promise to go to listen to the band rehearse with me?"
"No." 
He stood stock still; he might have been a statue. But then slowly he began to unhook his white jacket from one shoulder, then the other. He fished in its various pockets and handed her the items he removed from them. It was a surprising amount. He did the same with his pants, then tossed them both to a heap in the middle of the dark street.
"And that godawful ugly tie."
He slid it out of his collar and dropped it on the pile, too. Then he walked toward her. "My lighter," he said.
"No – I get to do this," she answered. He handed her his flask and she poured some liquid from it on his tie and then emptied the on rest on the pile. Then she lit the tie and held it until it began to crisp and coil in flames like a snake. She dropped it on the other clothes and they ignited too.
"Now let's get you that suit," she said, and he followed her through the alleys to the undertaker’s, where she let herself in with a key. When they emerged a few minutes later he was in a brown suit that fit him well enough save for want of an inch in the arms and legs. They walked back to street and its storefronts, and his eyes traced over her hips and the backs of her arms. She turned and watched as he restocked his pockets with all his items.
"Now can we go hear the band?"
"No, I have to get home. I am going out of town tomorrow to watch my cousin’s children while she is at the hospital. But when I get back Saturday I want to meet you for a bonfire up at your place. I want to stand beside you and see all those white suits burn. I'm serious. After that, we'll see, Ernest. We’ll see what we can do." 
She walked away and soon was gone. He stood still one moment, looked down the street toward the town square listening to the notes rising from the band. Perhaps it was only their tone that put an edge of hopefulness into her parting words and into his imagination. But he let himself hope that it was something more. He put his hands in his pockets and walked slowly back up the road. 
He went home and lay down. His head buzzed and fell silent; his mind filled with soft images that rose and rose and faded like old boats on a tide that teased but did not finally lift them. The doctor checked and said there was nothing wrong with him, and Mr. White agreed. But at the end of next day he got up, ate, and ordered 28 non-white suits from Brooks Brothers and had Otto run to Tulsa to get some stop-gap ones until then.
He felt calm and patient. Something that he used to lie awake worrying about was gone. He no longer cared to worry. He was content to watch and hope and wait until Atalanta got home.
Chapter 13
The next day Mr. White made a few telephone calls to confirm that his supplies, personnel and equipment for the fair were due to arrive as scheduled. Where decisions were to be made, he told people to opt for the best. 
"Yes, I said pate foi gras! Why? Just so they can say they had it once – that's why. So they can tell their children or grandchildren they got to see a royal stallion, or the armor of Henry the VIII, or hear a real orchestra, or pet a tiger – and I want photographers everywhere snapping pictures then sending them to folks, so they can have a picture of themselves doing it all. So they'll have something real to remember and talk about in the coming years when their heads are being filled will slogans and empty promises and phoney-baloney."
He hung up the phone with a jar – but then a moment later, he laughed. It surprised himself. He took his hat from one arm of his idolatrous south sea hat rack and strode out the door.
He drove to meet a man named Michael in a field down by the Negro cemetery. Hadn't Michael been dead? He was sure he'd been dead. His mind traced his memories of the boy in metal braces. He drove and pulled aside in scattered gravel beside an empty sloping field. White plunged his hands in his pockets and strode down to their meeting place. The land dipped toward a weary-looking stand of pole-like trees near a creek. One old bench overlooked a field of graves and headstones, small and tilting when present at all. There was half a fence at most, many wooden crosses, some flowers, many weeds.
Ernest looked down and saw Michael. His body was large now and his clothes were disheveled. His face was full. Tubed metal held and girded him, capturing him and wrapping him back onto curves before he could get outside. 
"I knew you'd come back to set things right," Michael said.
Mr. White lowered himself down on the bench. "That's not what I came back for."
Michael laughed. "Heh – always the joker. I thought all your years abroad might've worked some of that unserious streak out of you."
"You know better." 
Michael frowned and Mr. White held his own eyes in half-open ease and looked at Michael. He smiled; he paused. 
Michael grew uncomfortable and blinked suddenly. "Where's your white suit?"
"They were all dirty."
Michael nodded. "Can I have a cigarette?"
Mr. White obliged. He reached into his jacket for the silver case, then took one out and handed it to the other man. He lit the cigarette for Michael. The caged man's hand shook some, and he exhaled in staggers that then smoothed out.
"I'm afraid I'm going to disappoint you, Michael," Mr. White said. "I'm not here for revenge."
Michael stared at him. "Surely you’re joking. I have had to live here all my life with their smug faces, knowing what they’ve done and gotten away with. It has been a long time. Do you have any idea of what it's like being trapped here? Do you know what it's like to depend on others to do things for you?"
Ernest paused. He took his cigarette out of his mouth and cast his hands toward the field they sat in. "You seem to get places when you need to," he said.
"You don't understand..."
White turned and held the man’s eyes with his own blue ones. "What is wrong with you, anyway, Michael? What keeps you in there?"
"You of all people, with all the best doctors of the world at your disposal. You should understand."
Mr. White looked into the other man’s small brown eyes but saw nothing but a gnawing, fretful anger. "I have to be going, Michael," he said.
White walked across the field back to his car. He paused in passing one headstone but then moved on.
"I'll do things myself if I have to!" Michael shouted across the distance.
Mr. White got into his car and departed. Michael became a flash of metal in his rear view mirror, then winked out.
*
White awoke the next morning to the sound of an airplane buzzing over and over his house. He threw his robe on and ran out the back porch and looked up at the sky.
He craned his neck westward and caught just a glimpse of a yellow biplane heading away, dipping and arcing to come around again. He knew that biplane – it was the cropduster's old Curtiss Jenny. That meant the Professor was come home.
He watched the wide graceful arc of the plane in a turn, out away from the town now and defining an ellipse against the morning. It threw its bold yellow against the mixture of bright pink and pale blue then curved back toward him. The plane disappeared over the stand of trees that marked the end of his field and the beginning of the airstrip. He ran in the mudroom and put on his overcoat and some loafers and hastened across the road and down a lane toward the landing site.
He made it past a stand of cottonwoods to where the airstrip was. He stood with a hand to his eyes as the plane rolled close and the engine cut off. He waited for the propeller to die down, but even as he peered through the dust and wind with tearing eyes he noticed the empty seat behind the pilot's.
"Where's the Professor?" he shouted.
Sara hopped out and was walking around her plane, making inspections after landing. She grabbed some chunks of wood and blocked the wheels.
Mr. White walked closer. "Where's the Professor?" he said again.
She took off her helmet and looked at him. "The Professor got some bad news about his nephew back in Germany – some brownshirts roughed the young man up. The Professor took the news hard, and he's in hospital in a town 100 miles north of here. The doctor forbade him to travel."
Mr. White nodded silently, stunned at the news. "How can I help?"
"As soon as I refuel you can come back up with me and see him. He thinks your money may help his nephew get the papers he needs to leave Germany."
"Of course."
"I'll refuel. You go bundle up for travel at 5,000 feet."
"How about a silk/linen blend?"
"Just hurry!"
Mr. White rushed back into the house. "Otto!" he shouted. "Otto!" but there was no answer, so he ran upstairs, hastily pulled on slacks and a sweater over his nightclothes, and began packing a small bag.
Back downstairs he swung a pastoral painting aside, reached behind it into a safe and pulled out a big stack of cash and some certificates. He flipped through the latter hurriedly, tossing one after another ornamented document to the floor, keeping only the ones he thought might have some international pull. He stuffed some of these in the satchel and some into his pockets. He stopped in the kitchen and scribbled a quick note to Otto. Then he grabbed his bag, took his hat from the deity, and hurried out the door and back to the airfield.
Sara was already ready to go. "You won't need that hat," she said. "Up in the air, you'll need this." She tossed him a leather helmet with goggles built in. Mr. White looked at it. It was old and sweat-stained.
"Come on!" she said. "Hop in!"
He cringed but put it on. He climbed into the passenger seat and put his bag behind his feet and held his hat in his lap. He felt the plane rumble and shake to life beneath him. It began rolling forward and he cinched his seatbelt tighter.
In seconds they were hurtling toward a stand of trees at breakneck speed then they pulled up at the last second and launched into the air. Mr. White looked backward at the airstrip, and his farm, then the entire town diminishing below. They took off into the south wind but now doubled back, higher, and White could see the river like a splayed dark salamander, damp and glistening amongst the hills. He could see clean bright buildings following the main street, and older, darker structures hugging to the railroad and the river and then hiding themselves beneath the cover of the woods.
"You can see where bulldozers have been razing towns," she called back over her shoulder, "Preparing the body of the lake."
White nodded. He looked down and tried to spot the farm of one or another family he had known as a boy, waiting to be flooded by the turquoise playground. Births and deaths and children nursed, tears and ailments, triumphs and weddings and love and remorse, all in the valley. Several towns had grown up along the river over the years, hugging its banks in the early days of traders and later giving way to farmers and industry. But the valley was prone to flooding and every community had its stories of tragedy.
He dozed as green and dun countryside became ubiquitous beneath him. He felt his head droop and sat up with a start that jolted one certificate free from his jacket pocket. The little document got captured by the breeze and floated down, down, down, a tiny fleck of gold; thousands of feet below, an empty field or grazing cow was blessed with worth a small fortune in Standard Oil.
"Hang on to yourself!" Sara shouted.
Mr. White agreed. He stayed awake after that.
In less than an hour he felt the plane beginning to descend. His ears popped and he craned his head over the side to see the yellow-and-green squares of corn fields, divided by the dark brown lines of dirt roads. 
They arrived at an airstrip that was little more than a closely-mowed field and were met by a farmer who took them to a hospital like a small brick schoolhouse, all mint-green and antiseptic inside. An efficient nurse led them to the Professor's room. The Professor wore a white striped gown and sat up in a bed partly raised. A tray of breakfast, hardly-eaten, had been pushed aside.
He was looking out a window. When he noticed Ernest and Sara come in he reached to a side table and picked up his glasses. As he put them on his small eyes blinked to owlish life. 
"Ernest, hello! It's good of you to come. Some things have changed since I last saw Sara. That nephew of mine won't hear of taking money to get his papers. He said it would only go into the pockets of the party – it would only reward them."
Ernest frowned. "He's young and foolish – tell him to be practical and get the hell out of there."
The Professor blinked at him. "Do you know what he did that got him in all this trouble? He tried to rescue an old man some youth were beating up. They accused the man of being a priest, of having worked in a church school that taught something other than the Nazi paganism. And because my nephew defended him they want to kill him. But he's young and he wants to fight."
"Then he's naive – he's a fool."
The Professor looked at him with his clear grey eyes made large by thick lenses, and his lids drooped. "Do you know him, Ernest? A fool is the last thing I'd call him. But when no one else will fight, what can he do?"
"He'll die."
"The young put the old to shame. It's the old who are hiring the young to be their murderers and thieves in this coming war., but the young resist. The young are always being pressed to bear the miseries the old have brought into the world."
"Come back to my house with me to rest, Professor."
But the Professor had worked himself into a flush of emotion. "The world is waiting to give birth to the World, and all the tyrants fight to forestall it. Vanity is the sin of the living against those yet to be born, and the tyrants would kill the new world in its infancy to love their own reflection one more day."
"Now you're talking like I used to. You need to rest."
The old man leaned back in his bed and breathed deeply. "I am going back East, Ernest. There may be something I can do at one of those journals of intelligentsia that we liked to mock. Maybe for every thousand ideas that sprout and fade there may be one that will help us be better midwives for the world, to teach the old how not to ruin it for the young. In this coming war, Ernest, we are seeing the fruit of our own selfishness, the dark mirror of our lives of excess."
Mr. White looked at him.
"I've made up my mind, Ernest," the Professor said.
Ernest looked at him. "Then I'll give you some time alone with Sara," he said and left the room.
He sat in a peptic waiting room for a half hour, hearing here and there the noises from elsewhere in this hospital – hushed voices and little cries and hurried feet coming and going. Finally Sara's head popped around the corner.
"The Professor's asked me to stay at his bedside tonight, to help him make arrangements. If you like, I can make arrangements for you at the town's hotel..."
"No thank you. I can take the train home," Ernest said. He rose and picked up his small bag and excused himself.
He found the town's depot and before long he was on a train heading slowly back to Blaze. He nodded off and imagined himself flying back with Sara, throwing documents and certificates out from the plane and seeing them float down, down, each one a golden snowflake getting brighter as it got closer to the earth.
He woke with a start. A conductor was poking him gently on the shoulder. "Progress – end of the line," he said. 
Mr. White sat up and stared out the window bleary-eyed for a second. "Progress?"
"You know – Blaze."
White snorted, but the conductor reasserted his composure with a tug on his blue jacket.
Back home at night he took a small key that Otto had found in the bottom a box of White’s father’s books. White looked at it and reckoned he knew what it was for. He took it and turned it in a stuck drawer of the desk in his father's old office. It turned with just a catch but then gave way, and then he pulled open the drawer. Inside was a small box and a file folder. The box he immediately recognized as the mechanical bird he had found years ago as a boy, when he'd decided to snoop in the attic. It was smaller than he remembered, and it had tarnished, but it was still a beautiful thing. He turned the key on its underside several times then set it on the desk. Its metal wings fluttered and rustled and it began softly chirruping its melody, and the jeweled eye cocked at him as if to say that it remembered him and look at us now, both tarnished but intact.
Then he opened the folder. In it were old pages of notes in Isaiah White's hand, and one in particular that was addressed to him. He took these with him out to his office in the field. Moonlight and cool breezes poured down around him. Once in the shed he kicked down two of the walls Otto had tacked up, and night air coursed through once more. Then he lit his small lamp and read the notes.
 
My brother Chris and I had moved to this country from Indiana. My brother and I were young and wanted a new start. He had a very strong sense of ambition, and I was separated from a young pregnant wife because I needed to find the money to support her.
In my self-pity of being away from her I fell temptation to my loneliness but immediately after felt the depth of my shame and my act’s consequence. My wife wondered why I did not initiate correspondence, and why I answered her effusive letters with terse ones. 
My brother Chris tried to keep me grounded, though he was really too light-hearted to be good at it. But for Dad’s sake he tried. One night we argued:
"Dad was right warning you about being too young to marry, Isaiah. You need to become dependable before that wife of yours’ll ever take you back. If you get a girl pregnant you’ve got to be ready to take care of her."
"That’s enough," I said. "You aren’t Dad and I don’t have to take any lecture from you!" I grabbed my jacket and walked out the door.
It was a cool dark night and I walked quickly down the alley away from the line of houses and toward the middle of town. I could hear dogs barking and now and then the punctuating laugh of a girl or boy.
I skirted the town square and plunged through the few blocks of businesses and back out the other side, where the stray houses gave way to empty lanes then finally to one road leading out of town. Here I found an empty feed stall and went to its far side and sat down inside it.
I took out the picture of my wife. I had gotten a letter from her and my brother hadn’t known it. She had miscarried, and in the aftermath she realized she didn’t want anything to do with me. She was beautiful and young and had found the attention of a well-off local man who did not have to leave town to find a way to support her. I read the letter and sank and sank inside myself. I wondered if my brother was right. I wondered if all my life I’d let myself be led around by the bright appetites that sank down through my eyes. I felt the fan-like auras of every color, every smell, every laughing pitch of every girl I’d seen, pour down then flare out inside me.
I wandered out to the country, to the proximity of an older, wealthy farmer who, in a jovial banter, had once said he could always use a new, strong hand like me. I had demurred, feeling it was beneath me, wanting to be in business for myself. But now I fell asleep in a corn crib out beyond town and woke early the next day with the sun pouring in my face. I was achy and hungry. I got up and walked out into the country. I followed the dirt road and as noon came I sat down beneath a copse of trees and had a drink from the stream they skirted, and splashed the water in my face. I followed the road steadily inclining through yellow fields until I saw the stern gray house of the landowner up on a hill, and I walked up to it and knocked on the door.
A well-dressed colored servant answered and looked me over disdainfully, and I told him of the tenuous job offer I’d had from the man. A crew boss of the man’s was eventually summoned and looked me over and then made me an offer than was far lower than I’d expected, but I took it. And I worked for the man for five years while others left him, perseverant while the man sickened and those he trusted swindled him, and I always worked hard and never cheated him and never asked for anything, and I became a confidant and sycophant in the old man’s miseries. He shared them with me, picked them over for harsh moral lessons, framed them in the history of his life of lapses and indiscretions and indulgences. I grew in his favor and was offered the opportunity to buy the house when the old man died, and I took a wife. Later I took you in, my brother’ son, out of a sense of duty, and I kept my eye over the soil and watered it with my sweat and a perception of my hardships and sacrifices and my own perceived offerings to fate for what I had done to my first wife and what it had cost me, and at first it was an offering out of hope for forgiveness and recompense, but soon I became nothing but a machine and forgot to keep an eye on the skies or an understanding of why I had turned myself into a slave.
My stern face fronted you, though I kept my eye in my mind fixed on an image of the man the boy would be if I were yielding, if I were weak like and let myself be susceptible to a world rife with temptations and casual insinuating modes of destruction. And yet, if I could say one thing to you, it would be to not forget to keep an eye raised.
 
Mr. White heard a noise off in the woods and found the tall woman with chestnut curls and beautiful angular face and light brown eyes, loving and waiting for him, and he knew he was asleep but did not care.
*
At their meeting discussing community issues, Constance approached Otto during a break. He was glad that she did. They had sat at opposite ends of a long table in a side room of the town hall with several gray-headed men between them. The men loved to argue and could quote the minutiae of the town ordinances by chapter and verse. Each time Otto looked up at Constance she was bent studiously over the meeting minutes just like the rest of them, but he thought he had almost but not quite caught her looking at him. This made it hard for him to focus.
Finally at the first break she had come up to him. "You've suggested several good ideas," she said.
"I don't know. I feel in over my head when I hear the rest of them argue their points in such detail, and with such a sense of history."
"I think they respect what you have brought to the discussion. Sometimes it takes an outsider, with a fresh point of view, to give us a perspective on how to improve things. They have their way of hashing things out, but trust me, they are very impressed with you."
Otto blushed. "I just say what occurs to me as I think over these issues. I guess it's just my analytical mind. It’s all well and good to argue about problems, but I’m more concerned with how to fix them."
"You know, I think you could go far in what they’re calling the ‘new economy’. My father's been involved in it, and he likes to bounce ideas off me at night, while he sits in his armchair and reads about the doings in his Washington periodicals and jabs the stem of his pipe at phantoms in the air. It's a sort of politics of economic problem-solving, if there ever was one. He was involved in the state's agricultural reforms and was actually invited to be one of FDR's braintrust men in Washington. He tried it for a while but came home – he said there's big plans and great possibilities, but it's a young man's game. But the right man could have a great career."
She looked at him. "I know some people you might want to talk to. They are looking for men with sound judgment and some forthrightness and ambition. There'll be countless opportunities for advancement for a man who can get himself connected."
Otto felt himself soften like a pad of butter on warm toast. "Well, I am interested in what's best for this country. If you think I ought to speak with them, Constance, I'll do so."
"I’d like you to," she said. 
He smiled broadly and thought of himself having discussions long into the night with her old man, both of them men of vision, both of them wearing smoking jackets and sitting in red velvet chairs, both championing the future and adoring Constance in different ways, as father and husband, as patriots and visionaries and equals.
*
"Birchola – that's a pretty name," the voice said.
"They named me after a cola," she replied, bent over and wiping the counter, her straight dark hair drooping.
Mr. White stood in the drugstore behind a stand of greeting cards and stationery and overheard their conversation. He peered at them in between the rows. A young man in a yellow suit sat back on a soda counter stool and fiddled with a toothpick. His eyes were like big brown cupcakes. He travelled a route of small-to-semi-small rural communities encouraging pharmacists to sell and prominently display tins of pills.
"My folks named me Birchola 'cause they say brand names are the patron saints of our age – the names we invoke when we gotta know who we are."
"They think too much, doan they?" he asked, idly spinning one small tin.
"Uhm hm. Momma got depressed after prohibition was won and daddy swooped in and give her a cause and a vision. He embraces the future – he's an industrial artist. Hell, even our toilet is a work of art – part rocket, part crapper. He designed it. It flushes like a cannon."
"So he aint a farmer?"
"Hell no. I live here with my aunt, and he and mom live in St. Louis. He's well-known to folks you've never heard of. Every few years he trots out a piddlin work of art and a big ol theory behind it, talks at some salons, then comes home funded for a year or two. And mama expounds the practical and social aspects of his theories in magazines only a few folks have ever heard of. She's his Mrs. John Dewey – they're a pair."
"So why are you here?"
"I embarrass the heck out of them. My aunt told them she'd straighten me out but I think she felt sorry for me being raised by them. She and I have a tacit agreement that after I finish high school I can run away. I help her gather eggs in the morning."
"Why aint you run away already?"
"Aint nothing attracted me yet." Her eyelids just barely showed some dark pupil beneath them.
He frowned. "I reckon you got your pap's grand vision and aint nothin good enough for you."
"Sumpin' like that."
"Your pappy all artsy like this Mr. White fella?"
"Naw, White's old-timey. Even me and my pop agree on that. He’s got big ideas but he aint grounded. Couldn't transfer his notions down to the crapper level if he tried."
"I reckon not. Say, you going to this fair he's putting at this dam ceremony? There's gonna be good food."
"I seldom say no if someone's dumb enough to foot the bill."
"So you'll go to the doings with me?"
"All right," she said. "Just don't talk my ear off. I already let on I like you, so aint no need for the hard sale."
"Okay." He thought she was beautiful and that she didn't even know it. Or maybe she did. Hell, of course she did.
"So git along then," she drawled indifferently. "The boss glimpses me socializing and I'm fired. Then my aunt won't let me help with the chickens."
The salesman raised his hat to his head. He exited the drugstore and walked away out of view of its window and leaned against his old jalopy and fanned himself with his hat. She was something. 
Mr. White came out from behind the card aisle and looked at Birchola. He remembered her from Maye Weather's party. She was the same surly figure as before.
"I couldn't help hearing that your father's an artist."
Birchola looked at him sullenly and made her face as dull as possible. "I don't believe in his art – `course I don't believe in the Bible, neither. I once seen a man in a switch yard get crushed like a bug between two train cars. Neither art nor the Bible helped him none."
"You'd be a fool to put in time with that salesman."
She turned and glared at him. "Who are you, my aunt? What I do is my own business."
"Look, there's some potential in you. I've seen enough of the world to know that. You keep your options open while you can, give your mind time to catch up with your body and all that anger inside of you."
Some shard of flattery managed to get past her armor and it repulsed her. "What's it to you what I do? Yoar comin’ on to me, aint you? Old men sicken me."
"No no no – let my foundation send you to school. You give that skepticism of yours an education, then I'll hire you to size up purchases for my trust. You seem like the kind of person who could sniff out fakers. There’s too many folks out there trying to con me."
"You're crazy. Everything you touch you ruin. Folks around here know that."
Mr. White said nothing. He slid some stationary in front of her and put some change on the counter for his purchase. She did not lift a hand to take it. He shrugged, tipped his hat, and left. She pushed him out the door with her scowl.
He took his stationary and walked the direction of the town square. He found a bench on its periphery and took a seat and began to write. When he finished his letters, he put each in an envelope. He crossed the square and slipped the notes beneath various office doors in the town hall. Then he turned away from the town's colors and noises. The drive home was beautiful and peaceful beneath a purple sky. He sat outside after eating dinner and saw luna moths and hummingbirds dart in the dust around the morning glories beside the porch. 
The next day Otto could only stammer when he received the phone calls thanking his employer for his sizable donations to the library and the town heritage foundation and this or that other civic institution. All of the callers assured that his fair's permits had been approved expediently thankyou, no sir, thank you.
Ernest piddled at his museum dioramas but got nothing much else done that day. He ate well that night, then slept peacefully and dreamed of when he had first left that mudhole of a town, under the mistaken impression that people were smarter and better mannered in other parts of the world.
Chapter 14
1920
It all began in the 1920’s with a new-monied young man in a small Midwestern town reading an ad in the back of a magazine left behind in a hotel by a travelling salesman. The world was full of liars and fakirs back then – well, it is full of them now, but back then they used better fonts and had more alluring and a-leering illustrations, and the patina of Oriental mysticism had not yet been worn down to its base metal, and in the West there persisted a yet unburst soap bubble of optimism for a brighter future spawned by technology and prosperity. Especially prosperity. The mogul-rich were a new breed hence unknown to the surface of the earth and their transmigrations between continents birthed epicycles in their wakes like those of giants ships, and in those wakes spun facsimiles of cultures, swirls of color and of lives cast and dashed and hoped and remixed like spilled paints, clinging to the money and the inspiration and the excess, and moving into a form or a role that either held its shape and was towed along further in the slipstream of the vessel or else spun off lazily and detached to dissipate in the sea.
His existence was a bit of both, plus a stripe of pious prairie stock he inherited from his ancestors and by no means had earned for himself, but one that nonetheless might accidentally buoy him the way a house might float intact miles downstream after a flooding of the Mississippi, or (as he had once read) the way a bamboo hut and its savage, painted South- Sea occupants might survive miles out to sea in the wake of a tsunami. 
He was a tall, lanky adopted lad with a handsome visage and a shock of yellow hair. He knew he was handsome, and he had successfully sued his adoptive father for the right to the inheritance from his birth parents before its appointed time. From that day until he turned 18 he lived in a room in the nicest hotel in town. But for the availability of wealth it was a solitary life. He chose to be alone, to consider the prospect of the prospects before him, to consider himself in the company of himself. At nights he could be seen through the bright front hotel window sitting in the gilt parlor, his long body sunk into one of the large chairs, reading through magazines, burrowing his mind in the printed mix of high-minded passion and low-browed adventure and futuristic optimism. And slowly and slyly his self fell in love with an idea of itself like a bubble in champagne.
And at night that bubble floated amongst the thoughts and stories and curiosities his mind had accumulated, and he bobbed untethered in an ethereal infinitude of confessors and showmen and liars, each with his own outlandish gaudy farcical sphere – the wolf-boy the faith healer the pygmy shaman the snake oil mystic Hindu the lilting savant soprano farm girl the albino spelunker the cheesy British comedian, the bubble dancer the "Mister, I seen Jesus" transient the refugee the private dick the anarchist the Shadow. It was their lie with and against your lie – you're an enigma you're special you’re a mystery no oath no credo no uniform can confine you; you're old you're young you're rich you're poor but always part of you is an airy angel, free to hold and mold yourself above the sloganized hypnosis of the Big Machine, the modern substitute for fate.
Ernest used to think that everyone was made for something wonderful.
He stayed in town until he graduated school in a ceremony his parents did not attend. The next day he struck into the world to fit himself into the menagerie of conceits he had ingested and invented.
*
"Non-grasping is what you have to learn, non-grasping!" This bit of wisdom was intoned by a bosomy woman with a round monied face and a velvety royal blue dress and a blue-dyed ostrich feather hat. She was middle-age, rounded with comfort, but nonetheless flush with sincerity and enthusiasm.  She brushed back a feather with a white-gloved hand and smiled at him. "Your desire is what leads to your misery and misfortune. Non-grasping is what you want. Non-grasping!"
The upper class world of the was full of spiritualistic promises and solutions, all spurned on by new cash-bloated classes looking to have their suddenly rarified existences endorsed by extra-planer beings who had been waiting for the emergence of this new sub-species marked by its level of sophistication and taste for imported crockery and ideas. 
The young Ernest White found himself standing at the end of a gangplank with a suitcase in each hand and the whole of Europe spread out before him. The large, earnest society woman was waiting at the dock.
"It's so good to finally meet you ¬– and to think our correspondence began from the ad in the back of a magazine!" she said. "Ah well, the Old Spirit is responsible for the new ways. We hope you'll go far as a member of our little theosophical society. We're certainly a diverse group but we all share one thing: an unqualified optimism about man's spiritual progress in this new unfolding age!"
She helped introduce him around and get him settled, and one week later he found himself invited to his first Theosophical Guild meeting. The lady introduced him to a small, odd group seated in an academician's parlor. Besides the society matron there was: a tall gentleman in a slightly out-of date black suit who sat with sufficient poise to signify his stature in the society; a shorter, hazardously dressed man with wild eyes, a bushy black beard and thick eyebrows; a thin, earnest young man Mr. White could only think of as "Pale Poet"; and a handsome young woman with long brownish-blonde hair and chestnut eyes who always looked like she was about to laugh but never did. He took a seat between her and Bushy Brows at that first meeting, which was held in the crampt foyer of the stick-like black-suited gentleman, who was the headmaster at a dingy public school for children whose parents could not afford to send them where they wished they could.
The group of spiritualists met on an irregular basis as their schedules allowed, but they were enthusiastic and always had lively discussions. The meetings continued throughout the first fall of Mr. White's arrival in London, and he attended them in between art classes and architecture and anthropology lectures at a working university near his purposefully undistinguished flat. 
At one theosophical meeting late in September a heat exchange occurred between the black-dressed man and the Matron:
"You have the money but you don't have the ideas!" he said.
She drew herself up straight and looked down at him. "I, sir, am a lady of rareification and refinement. And I have an impulse of charity toward the world that you sadly lack. Why, you yourself said that in a past life I was Joan of Arc."
Bushy Brows leaned across toward Ernest: "There wasn't enough tin in all of France to build that suit of armor!"
"What's that?" the Matron asked.
"Yours is a unique blend of caritas and amour," Bushy Brows replied smoothly.
She blushed all the way down to her pigeon bosom. "Why thank you! It's my inheritance, my gift." She tapped the middle of her forehead significantly. "My unseen eye."
Over the course of months their meetings and conversations and philosophies wound in and out of each other:
"It will be an age in which man finally achieves his spiritual ideals. Through technology, need will be conquered and work will yield to leisure, and leisure to learning and understanding. With the need to compete for survival defeated, the powers of cooperation and introspection will finally unfold, and social castes will give way to a new spirit of equality and cooperation. It is a journey the world will make with the help of a select group of luminary teachers – an elite order of souls pre-gifted by the Higher Powers to lead the Way. One of the purposes of our group is to find and forge this cadre of teachers, to enlighten them to their true vocation and coordinate them to the common purpose."
"That's where Mr. Weeg's work with young boys comes in," Bushy Brows said.
Mr. Weeg smiled, but tightly, and his eyes narrowed to appraise Bushy Brows' face for signs of irony. The Laughing Girl tucked her lip and looked down. Pale Poet just sat there looking like he might not have eaten in weeks and was subsisting solely on chlorophyll in the green veins beneath his skin.
"How will you identify these potential teachers?" Mr. White asked.
"Oh we are guided, guided!" the Matron said. "You, for instance – there is something about you the reveals and receives this spiritual opportunity. It shows in you like an opened door to your soul. Most men are not like that. You can take one look at them and see that every portal has been boarded and shuttered long ago. But you..."
"Yes yes," Weeg said hurriedly, "but he's too old. Too bad we couldn't have met him sooner. His mind is open enough to learn, but never learn and lead. To raise a leader you must mold his nature, not simply fill his head. You have to get a young boy for that."
The Laughing Girl bent down again, and Bushy Brows took the opportunity to waggle his brows at her, but no laugh was coaxed out.
During a break the Matron came up to him. "Oh, don't you let Mr. Weeg's opinions concern you. He's a great speaker and organizer, but when it comes to true spiritual intuition his skills are far inferior to my own. I could tell from your letters that you have a great thirst for the truth and a keen spiritual perspicacity. In fact, I was thinking of asking you to help me write a book of theosophy. I'll even give you author credit. My gift is for overflowing effusive sentiment, but my weakness is putting it into words. The moment I hover over paper I freeze, but I can tell from your letters that you're so good at it. We can meet in weekly sessions and you can help me write down my ideas..."
She had been such a generous hostess to him that he readily agreed, and after six months of sublimely platonic meets at her villa, with her cats, the first draft was done. The Matron declared it a success and readied it for submission to the New Reformed Spiritualist Press. "Of course we'll have to think up a name for you," she said. "The readership we're courting expects a little something, you know, and if they see ‘Ernest White’ listed as the author they'll never turn past the title page. Let's see.... I know, let's call you 'Mr. Perfect.' With that gold hair and handsome young face of yours I'd say it's fitting enough – and it certainly ought to get them plowing through the chapters."
And he reluctantly agreed to the nom de plume, deferring to her superior sensibilities, and the small volume actually became something of a minor sensation among the tea-and-séance set. When the time came for a second printing the press sent over a photographer and took a picture of 'Mr. Perfect' seated cross-legged in a grassy field beneath the bo tree of his inspiration, palms upturned upon his knees and his fingers twined with oriental serenitude. The Matron never stepped forward to take one jot of credit for the book's content, preferring to take credit for the discovery of its author instead. Mr. Perfect went on a small lecture tour of various provincial theosophical enclaves, mostly regurgitating the content of the book but now and then elaborating with his own ideas. And Ernest White couldn't help but feel a little proud at the book's reception. As he had written it he'd felt some darkness in his head get pushed aside, at least here and there.
The group continued its Utopian ruminations for the better part of a year, but ultimately it was Mr. Weeg's alleged misbehavior that cast a shadow over all their doings. They showed up at the school one blustery autumn day to find out that Weeg was no longer employed there. The next message they received was that the Matron had decided to spend the season in Nice to recover her health after the shock of the revelation. And so Mr. Perfect, Bushy Brows, Pale Poet and Laughing Girl all stood outside in the cold as the iron gates of the school were shut forcefully behind them.
"What now?" Bushy Brows asked.
Pale Poet shrugged. "Back to the whims of fortune, I guess. I doubt the fates will ever twine our threads together again."
"I started out as just the group's secretary but then became a member," Laughing Girl said, and seemed about to laugh but then didn't. "I haven't taken a note in months but they haven't paid me either. The one thing I need right now is a real job." With that she shoved her hands in the pockets of and walked away.
"So what now?" Ernest asked.
"To each his own!" Bushy laughed, with a note of bravado that was appropriate if a tad forced. And so one by one each drifted away in separate directions into the wet and the cold.
Almost immediately thereafter a telegram came from his mother saying his father was dying and would he come home? He ignored it, but at the second and third letter he bent to his mother’s wishes and went back to the States, waiting for the old man to die and for him to be free again.
1925
He had gone home for his father's funeral and had unexpectedly found his heart broken in a love with a beautiful woman that had spiraled him abruptly to the heights of emotion and just as suddenly had crumbled, and in its ruin a dark mood settled in him. In his mind he felt his veins filled with the old sap and fate and poison of that place, and he was glad to leave it. 
He returned to Europe. In fact, he pushed through it like he was trying to push through a jungle and let the branches rip the skin off him. He drew up the energy of the continent through the soles of his feet and set his sights to match its strength with his own. He saw a world polished and healed from war and papered over where it couldn’t heal or polish, and he forced himself into the circles of names you would expect to hear dropped, the literary men and women and the artists, the pearls and the poses and the careful tilts of the head and the seeing to be seen and the dinner jackets and the cufflinks, and the philanthropist sponsors and the would-be philosophers who thought or sought to rein in a formula to attach to this or that tide of conceit, or at least to give one a name that lent itself to repeated reminting and concomitant fame when cast in print.
He attended a party his second night there, given by a friend of a friend of someone who had known him before. Someone laughed at his comments and he felt a part of a shadow fall off him and his self expand and someone asked who he was, and soon he was invited closer to the center of things, to the group of people were supposed to be worth knowing, to the writer who puffed his chest when retelling his adventures, to the man in his cups who shone like a diamond when he could exceed the gravity of his own self-destruction, to the artist who dismissed all adulation of his latest phase with the back of his hand but ended with the same hand cupped to his ear to hear the last faint human-breathed syllables of praise. He got to have a reputation for being a wit, for being too sardonic for his age but for being sufficiently sardonic for the age in general, and at someone's suggestion he committed a batch of his observations to paper and saw them published as thin essays in Smart Set under the collective title "The Love of Liberty and a Libertine of Love." They were glib and shocking in a predictable way. They were cast as a three-way dialog between Thomas Paine, Socrates and a flapper and made calculatedly deferential references to the latest personages in the quotable class. When they were collected in a thin volume he gave signed copies to the luminaries of the day and they pretended to be pleased, and he assured them they were nothing but they did buy him time while he worked on his great treatise. This brought nods of sympathy. Afterward whenever they saw him they'd ask about the treatise's progress, and they always seemed to commiserate with his halting efforts to rein in his one big idea before it got away.
A few months later he was at a party at Cannes, waist-deep in water with a girl on his shoulders when he happened to meet someone he knew from several years ago. She was tall and had a hard look and had made the transformation from girlishly pretty to strikingly beautiful. She was the Laughing Girl from his old theosophical clique. He promptly discarded the companion and went over to meet her. They fell into each other right away. 
"Why are you here?"
"My husband is an art dealer. He has recently acquired a few choice items plundered from Czarist Russia and is here to present them to a potential buyer."
"I need an art dealer for my trust. I've been told I have too much money in stocks and bonds and need to invest in something. Art, I'm told."
"Well, maybe he can help you."
In time Mr. Perfect found himself more interested in art than theosophy. Many of the young people in the borough where he stayed were artists, so by talking with them, he decided to become one too. They were all paint-daubed smocks and strong cigarettes and outrageous banter on the front steps of their boarding house, and it was lively just to sit among them, he in his spotless white suit.
"You – become an artist? But you create the greatest art of all, the free, hot lunch!" one of his friends said, turning to the rest of the artists for appreciative laughter, which they generously supplied.
"I'm serious," Mr. Perfect interrupted. "I want to learn what you do, what inspires you, what techniques you use, and why."
The paint-splattered jokester frowned. "I am not sure you have the soul, the calling."
But one dark girl among them suddenly stamped out her cigarette and laughed at the men. "Why don't you let him try? You talk about art more than you practice it, but here is a man who genuinely wants to try his hand. Maybe by teaching him you can remember a few things yourselves, other than how to drink absinthe and scoff and chew Wittgenstein." 
And so they accepted him, but he made no artistic progress save to sleep with the girl and then find out she loved him or wanted him too much for his own comfort, and so he traveled alone around Europe for a long time, crossing paths with the Laughing Girl on occasion and then more often. He came to realize that here and there people knew of him, or at least of his slim theosophical book and of his book of essays and his money. 
But as the years passed he came to realize that all of the relationships were hollow. He used them and they used him. He used them to hide himself in, and they used him to fund their junkets, their philosophies, their theories with a piece of art tacked on. And his relationships soured because at this vortex of confetti and distraction there was always himself and the idea that he wanted one thing dearly and he could have had it had he been strong enough at the right time.
After a while the intellectual cache from his slim book of essays had worn thin, and people who used to enjoy the parties at the hidden spots got to dreading the sight of each other, and they were all grateful for the arrival of the Spanish Civil War. It gave a new gravity to their miasma and annunciated a previously unrealized yearning to separate the aesthetes from the Marxists and rinse the bad aftertaste of the last revolution out of their throats and off of their vocabulary. Laughing Girl's husband seized the opportunity to raise funds for the Lincoln Brigade but got caught double-dealing both his clients. Laughing Girl refused to bail him out and Mr. Perfect was too tired to cross her, and the man was murdered in jail. This left Laughing Girl monied and free but Mr. Perfect did not want her. He was tired of her. He was tired of everything. He uttered a potentially inappropriate opinion on the defenders of Madrid one evening and he found himself ostracized and dropped back into the circle of theosophical dabblers. The members had changed, and he kept their company for years, and in time he helped them to sponsor an expedition.
1939
The exploration party had fallen into bickering almost as soon as the boat had set sail, and it continued all along the way. It was late in the season to be heading toward the coast of Egypt, and the passage was rough. The sky refused to change from slate grey. Mr. White was with Laughing Girl, who had off and on across the decade fallen into the role of his companion of convenience. White had begun drinking heavily almost as soon as they were out of sight of shore, and Laughing Girl found herself being kneaded like putty under the pressure of a new admirer's eyes, and she gave them her attention. The attention's source was a new man in the circle of their old theosophists, a tall young man with bright green eyes who was supposedly a sensitive, or medium, and spiritual advisor. He would let the group know when they were getting close to whatever it was they had set out seeking this time.
"Don't let him get to you," an older Englishman whispered leaning into Mr. White as they both stood in the corner of the deck, away from the others. "He's just trying to get a read from everyone, a benchmark of their emotions, so he will notice any changes later on, as we all become susceptible to higher powers." 
"You mean he’s the boss’s snitch."
"Now my boy!"
"You don't look so well."
"Hah – doesn't take a sensitive to find that out, I see. Things have been better. Since my Agnes died I have not felt myself. I'm all knotted inside, or something worse, I'm starting to fear. But this trip might take my mind off things, with its promises and possibility of remarkable discoveries."
Mr. Perfect lit a cigarette and looked out over the waves. "Yes. Did he say 'discoveries' this time, or 'insights?' I've noticed he's taken to using 'insights' more these days, as the discoveries are so few."
"Here now my boy, you mustn't talk like that! The Leader means well. Sometimes poetry rolls back more untruths than science, and mystical experience more than poetry. Why, if nothing else we'll have a richer vocabulary to describe what we feel, and to know more about the universe through our feelings. The dead machine of science showed clearly how we must return to the animistic truths if we're to find meaning in life. My son, in his last letters from Verdun, before the gas..."
"Yes, so you've told me before..."
"And it's true! Why, even now the Leader is helping me to realize that in some way, my Agnes might not really be gone."
Mr. Perfect looked at him. "What do you mean?"
"Why the rolling back of all those doubts in my head, the replayed memories like a pack of gramophonic disks to crowd out the silence. He's teaching me not to be afraid – to lift the needle off the phonograph and just listen."
"Listen to what?"
The man paused. "To be receptive, to hear what might be there. If I listen."
"Uhm hm."
"To not try so damned hard to fill the silences!" His eyes were growing bleary.
"And what have you heard?"
"Well so far, that is to say, now, well any day now..."
"Yes..?"
"My boy, I've been so lonely, so lonely!" His eyes grew red and hard. His face looked like a sloppy cake. "Oh, to find the Orphic locale the sensitive anticipates, to bridge the gap just once..!" 
Mr. Perfect walked slowly back to his cabin. His girl did not come back to him that night, or any night thereafter on the trip, and he did not care.
The theosophical group had recently fallen under the sway of a new leader. The Leader was international and enigmatic and he had some secret for preserving an appearance of youthful energy yoked to the service of advancing middle age. He had wavy black hair and sharp eyes and a beard-dark jaw and a lean face like a hungry wolf. In all his talk of enlightenment he spoke his words like a wolf snapping at a rabbit's heels. This was his degree of vitality, his enthusiasm. It was, as he'd say, the unshrouded energy of a truly authentic life. He was a member of several pan-cultural neo-mystical movements. He was always off rubbing shoulders with Yeats or Cowley or conducting a séance or being interviewed for Time and Tide. 
Now he was on board the ship bound for some Egyptian ruin, but as usual his time for the group members themselves was scarce. He had brought some new guest on board with him, and no one had managed to see who the guest was before the two of them disappeared into seclusion. And he had also brought along with him the usual herd of 'cattle' - neophyte monied spiritualist dabblers to be chatted, smiled, gripped, and relieved of cash for the cause. It was the other group members' job to make them welcome, to see to it that they had the spiritual experience they'd come along to seek, and if nothing else to hint that the guests had been eminently famous in past lives. Their instructions were as usual: no two women were to have been Cleopatra, and so on.
"It's not like him, even him, to duck out so soon after boarding? And who was that guest? Something's up this time."
"Shhh, here come some cattle."
"And that new sensitive – he's the boss's eyes and ears, I tell you! Seeing what we're saying while he's not around..."
"Shhh!"
Then the crowd of upper class dabblers came up.
Smiles all around. "We are blessed to be born in a gifted time! It speaks well of you that you perceive it…"
...But after the crowd moved on...
"It's something else this time, too. I'm getting tired of him..."
"Now look, if you're going to be all mopey, maybe you should go off by yourself for a while. You may be rich, but we need the cattle's money if the rest of us are to avoid another winter in London..."
Mr. White went down to his berth and spent most of the next several days there, listening to muffled voices come and go outside. He lay on his bunk and unfolded a picture from his pocket. It was from a young female admirer who had sought out his acquaintance. Another theosophical lecture, another crop of eager hopeful minds and hearts like moths drawn to the light of bright words, not knowing the only brightness was what they themselves brought to the tired ideas he pretended.
He liked their warmth, their youth. It was real. He was ready to be young again – again. He had begun receiving her attentions already when he and Laughing Girl were growing apart. 
He lit a cigarette. How much time could this girl take him across? Five years? Three years? A month? Her blonde hair could be the border of a photograph to plunge into, to fold himself up and put himself back into his pocket and carry himself a little further. But as he looked at the photograph his eyes moved from the face to the black background behind it, and suddenly before him came a picture of the parties of his early days here, of the writer in his cups who had been the diamond to all their costume jewelry, the noble tragedy disappearing into his own vortex of despair, and he wanted none of it, none of the glory of protracted misery, none of the drowning in the eddies of the great vessels, the downward spiral in the expanding wake of the vessels of excess. He was tired and drew his breath. Enough with that. He put his cigarette to the picture and watched it curl and burn.
They arrived at the ruins in a sandstorm. The troupe was met by their native guides, mounted on camels, bundled beneath coarse robes, and led miserably through the stinging winds. Finally by night the storm had abated and they found themselves at the foot of a temple. They all walked into the shelter of the ruins and began to toss their robes to the floor. A small woman with clownishly smudged makeup cursed "finally!" and lit a cigarette. Others joined in a circle around her, sharing a light and complaining. The old Englishman moved off by himself, looking sad and absent. The cool, green-eyed Sensitive and Laughing Girl stood with a clutch of the cattle, looking remarkably fresh and vibrant, trying to rally their spirits with vague promises.
Mr. Perfect sat alone. 
Two robed figures move quickly across the open space, paused to talk to no one, then disappeared into the shadows at the far side. Everyone looked, but then fell to conversing again, except for the Englishman, who moved to Mr. Perfect's side.
"The Leader, and his mysterious guest, I suppose?" Mr. Perfect said. "Got to get some fireworks set up in whatever room they plan to do their voodoo in."
The man just looked at him, and Mr. Perfect took a long, weary drag on his cigarette. "Well, aren't you going to scold me for impiety or something?"
But the man sat down heavily on a stone. "Why should I do that, my boy?" he sighed. "In this whole society dedicated to higher causes, why should I chide the one man who was willing to tell me the truth?"
Mr. Perfect's eyebrows raised. He sat down next to his friend. "Cigarette?"
The man demurred.
"Well, what has gotten into you?"
The man looked up. His eyes were still red and raw but there was some firmness to them. "My boy," he said, "My Agnes spoke to me last night – not in a dream, not in a séance, but in a memory, as crystal clear as I knew her myself. I was going down the hall to blubber like a baby, to cry to the seer about my missing her, my constant checking the pulse of my own loneliness, when a voice inside me from as deep as I know myself told me not to do that, that I had always been a better man than that, so I did not. Instead I sat on the edge of my bed, closed my eyes, and saw her. She told me something – or rather her face did, that face I had seen a thousand times in death and life, that face that glowed after she had delivered our son. It was a hard face – it was a face of Life. It told me that life was worth living just for it being life, and not to rush the end. She told me that she had not rushed hers, that our son had not rushed his, that life must unfold to its own purpose and we must trust it and live it."
"She told you ...?"
"Her face did – her memory did. Everything that was as real as she ever was, as what we lived together." 
Mr. Perfect looked into his face. 
"I will go home and busy myself, I suppose," the old man continued. "Where there is life there is purpose. I can find people to help take care of, families not so lucky as mine." He took a handkerchief Mr. Perfect had offered him. Then Mr. Perfect took a flask and had a small drink.
"And you?" the man asked him. "Surely after this trip you will do something different? Give up wasting your time with all this?"
"It's just the barest corner of my interests," Mr. Perfect began. "It's an amusement in its place, but yes, I have plans for casting my net wide again – the Far East, maybe, or the Mayans, or the aboriginal Australians..."
"Or whatever else it is you're always circling around."
"Circling?"
"Around some truth, some purpose. You're always filling time neglecting the obvious."
"I prefer the Vorticists," Mr. Perfect said, "defining the empty center by the collection of knick-knacks that swirls in around the drain. That's all we can ever know – the center's always inscrutable."
The old man nodded abstractly.
Just then a head popped around the corner. It was a young acolyte of the order. "Meeting down here in five minutes," he said, jerking his thumb down the hall behind him and disappearing again.
"Theosophy and finger sandwiches," Mr. Perfect said, dragging himself to his feet. He helped the old man up. "Come on," he said. "Hope your appetite is back."
They went down a low dark hall and emerged in a second chamber. It was low-ceilinged with sides that melted away into the shadows and purple smoke. The room was fuller that Mr. Perfect had expected. A second group must have already been waiting. 
There was a small dais up front. Tall gold torches flickered on either side. Mr. Perfect looked around the room and caught sight of some of the faces in the firelight. He was surprised at who he saw – important faces. Not the usual art crowd, this. Here and there were politicians, some of important name, some aspiring to be. A military man here and there. A famous educator, several men and women of peerage, many former clerics.
Two shadowed figures moved up through the crowd from its left and as they came into the firelight Mr. Perfect recognized the Leader but now saw the second man with him – Pale Poet! Or at least the man who as a young man had been Pale Poet. Now though, like the leader his face was gold and hard and vigorous and bright-eyed. He had a magnetic gaze that laughed and challenged and comforted. He smiled and approved and scolded and all of it was welcome. He stood beside the leader and Mr. Perfect immediately realized that what he was witnessing was the joining of two leaders and, in the body of the crowd, two forces. The flock of big-wigs was Pale Poet's crew, apparently.
"Gathered believers," the Pale Poet began, "We have asked you here to inaugurate and celebrate a momentous occasion – the joining of our two organizations – the joining of the select few with the Higher Purpose! The yoking of knowledge and talent, of effort and design. A new age of material possibility is upon us. The paint and the hand and the artist now join before the canvas of the world with a science of desire, a post-ideological economy of being ...."
"The ideal of a perfectable material world..." 
"...be ready no matter who wins in the coming conflict..."
"...they killed Christ for less than this..."
Mr. Perfect yawned then reached for his cigarettes. He had heard it all before. A few new words tossed in for testing. As he tapped the silver cigarette case he suddenly felt a hand on his shoulder and he turned to see a strong man in uniform looking him in the eye.
"Bushy Brows!"
The man just stared at him. He had the same coal-black eyes from years before but now their fire looked tempered. "Nobody's called me that for years and I'd thank you not to start."
"But Bushy..."
"No smoking during ceremonial meetings. It detracts from the grandeur of the candles. If you're going to smoke, take it outside."
Mr. Perfect made one last look to spark recognition in his old comrade's eyes but roused none. So he turned and left the room. He walked down the corridor but noticed a hall opening to the side. He ducked under a velvet rope, and on an impulse, proceeded down it. It was dim and narrow and went on further than he had expected. At its end it took a turn into a passage that was truly ancient. He walked down toward a blush of violet light at the end. The walls were narrow and dusty and the ceiling was low, and he felt as if he were walking back in time. At the end it opened into a firelit room with a sarcophagus in the middle, its heavy slab lid leaning against one side.
He peered in the room and began to walk in. A voice stopped him.
"You can go in, but put this on. Out of respect, you must put this on."
The inflection of the man's voice caught Mr. White by surprise. Mr. Perfect looked to see a tall dark-skinned man inside the doorway. He was not one of their party, or, he thought, of the other. His bearing and clothing were native. His face had the ageless sternness of an alien system of authority.
"Put this on."
He held out a loose hooded robe of plain grey for Mr. White. White pulled it on over his clothes and then the man stood to one side out of his way. Mr. White walked into the vacant room.
The area was ancient but not dusty. Mr. White walked over to and looked into the sarcophagus. It was empty.
Suddenly he felt a great weariness in him. He stepped into the sarcophagus, sat down, and rested his elbows on its sides. He felt his head and body relax. He leaned back and closed his eyes and felt his whole life breath out of him with a sudden sigh. "Oh God!" he thought. "Good God – I’m so sorry."
His mind was instantly pushed by something dim and waiting and predatory. A giant as big as the tide moved in his mind like a shadow. It fascinated and collapsed him. He exhaled, sat up again, and opened his eyes. He fumbled for his cigarettes.
"Not in here!" the guard announced sternly. "Outside."
Mr. Perfect rose and stepped out of the limestone box. He walked past the guard and retraced his route down halls, until at last he saw waning daylight coming from a doorway. He proceeded down the hall toward it and out into the sandy evening. It was quiet.
He fumbled for his cigarettes and realized he was still wearing the dingy grey robe. He raised its hood against the stinging sand then he turned toward the outer stone walls and cupped his hands to light a cigarette. 
After he exhaled he listened to faint rising and falling murmur of the meeting still going on within. It confirmed that he was missing nothing, and so he took out of a batch of telegrams he'd been handed upon their boats' arrival and began to peruse them.
One caught his eye: "Urgent notice to Mr. Ernest White. Have tried to relay this message to you several times but have been unsuccessful. Your mother has died."
He felt the wind pin his head against the stone behind it.
"Please acknowledge receipt of this message at once."
He closed his eyes then opened them again. He felt his heart turn then sink, like all the world was a hole. He sank down against the wall. 
One minute later he heard sharp staccato bursts coming from inside, then screams, then a violent scuffling. 
He dropped his cigarette to the sand. Soon people began running out, their faces blanched, their clothes blood spattered. They did not stop to look at him, so White grabbed the shoulder of next fellow who raced by and the man fell down in the sand. 
"What's going on in there?"
"One of the cattle went nuts! Said the cult killed his daughter. He shot the leader, and the other leader, and a lot of others besides. But an old English guy stopped him." The man pushed himself up off the ground and was about to run but Mr. White grabbed hold of him again.
"But the man who stopped him – is he okay?"
"Hell no, he's dead!" the man said, and tore himself loose from Mr. White's grip and ran away.
Mr. Perfect paused. Others went running past him. He folded his telegrams and placed them neatly in his pocket. He looked down and saw a small pistol lying on the ground where the man had fallen. He picked it up and put it to his head, pulled the trigger, but the gun did not fire, so he tossed it aside and started walking across the sand. The wind stirred up a vortex to hide him, and his unconscious steps led him back toward the home of his childhood.
Chapter 15
From Ernest White's Journal:
Once when I was a child I had stood all morning throwing stones into the pond. I was fascinated by the way they rippled the surface for a second, then just sank, no trace of them. I was fascinated by the motion then the swallowing and dying. That night Asher showed me the shapes up in the stars. I hadn't wanted to stop crying but I did. I was not sure I wanted to trust the big man, but he showed me the shapes that appeared night after night, up in the darkness, never swallowed.
Even now my energy is fading. Even now my outrage and my anger are almost gone. Even now my memory is afire only in the way cold jewels have a fire, though the pressure and the heat that formed them are gone. 
My God they expect a war and then a new prosperity. They're whitewashing old buildings even now. Whitewash over the dry rot so they can sell it. Even if I led a pretend life it was less pretend than theirs, and I was seeing from a distance with a jewel of memory held to my eye. Come inside the white suit and see, I used to say. Only then can you see clearly. 
On my last great expedition before I returned home, when everyone on the party betrayed me and I went on at last on my own, I was shocked not to find that the tomb was empty, but that I did not care. Its limestone blocks gaped with purple and dust and nothing, and I matched its emptiness with my own. Someone had collected the dropped jewels, the unwanted dead, and I found I could let go of whatever had been in my hands. 
Yesterday I told the old bear of a priest my sins. Through the screen he smelled of an aftershave that hasn’t been on the shelves in ages.
This morning the dawn presented a purple and gold sky in horizontal layers like the accretion of a pearl piling down toward the plains. The accretion of missteps and wrong decisions can't keep the gold from coming through, even at a late date, if you have eyes to see it.
*
"I am presenting you this check on the behalf... No, I mean, On behalf of Ernest White, I am presenting this check on...for..."
"With flourish! With flourish!"
"I'm trying, Mr. White," Otto said.
His employer’s eyes relaxed. "Forget it, you'll do okay in the moment. Hell, they'll probably not hear a word you say anyway once their eyes settle on the money. At least bow when you hold it out, though."
"Okay. Why the heck are you doing this anyway?"
"To keep my peace – to keep my fragile brain from shattering completely. Is that good enough reason? Well, it's all I can tell you. In any case, you'd better get going. I'd like them all to be distributed by this evening."
So Otto drove around the community and sometimes beyond, delivering checks in large sums to people Mr. White had designated. Soon word got around and people came to expect the Cadillac's low rumble, and came to despise when it stopped in front of their neighbor's house and not their own. But the recipients were ecstatic. For most it meant a new life. For some it meant a new house, a restored "manse", a trip to a qualified hospital, a child sent to college, a new car or needed tractor, an ailing relative tended to, a haunting debt paid off.
Only Birchola refused her check. "I doan want none of that mad man's tainted money," she said, even though her normally guarded eyes craned wide open at the sum. The manager of the drugstore threw a wet dish towel at the back of her head and cussed her the second Otto had departed from the store.
When Otto got home at the end of the day he was worn out. He came in the door drooping.
"Tell me about it," Mr. White said. "And don't mince details."
So Otto told each story as best as he could remember, and Mr. White enjoyed each one.
"And now here's your check," White said at last. He handed Otto a large envelope.
Otto, who had been drooping in his chair, sat up in surprise. He opened the envelope and he was staggered. It was more than ten times the sum of the largest check he'd given out today. He looked over and Mr. White was smiling.
"Tomorrow's my fair," Mr. White said. You can leave for good when I check out in the morning. The house will fall under into the hands of a caretaker old lady – a friend of my late mother's. I won't be coming back to it. But first I want to show you something."
He led Otto back outside and they both climbed into the car. White started it up and steered them over the red dirt road, out of town, the opposite direction from town, until abrupt hills like small wild ponies began to rise beneath them. Finally they crested one, pulled off the road, and came to a stop. White shut the headlights and Otto looked out to see tiny dots of light all across the countryside. His eyes adjusted to the dark and he saw that the dots were campfires that swam up hills and down valleys, dipped into gullies and climbed up river banks. And around each fire were faces old and young, painted and composed, exotic and ordinary, inviting and aloof, but all smiling. And beyond the fires were an armada of colorful wagons, and the horses unhitched from them and grazing and stomping and neighing one to another across the distances in the fields. And out in the clearings of the countryside men and women practiced their acts – throwing knives, blowing fire, juggling pins, swallowing swords. Distant but surrounding laughter rose and fell like a tide. Singing in many languages came from here and there across hollows toward each other like competing clusters of birds. 
Otto was slack-jawed. He turned it to his master.
"I called in some favors," White said.
"You called in a lot of favors," Otto replied.
Mr. White corrected him. "I called in all my favors."
After appraising the scene they drove back to the gray mansion, with even Otto's mind filling with anticipation and, to his surprise, a bright shuddered revelation of his own insignificance.
Mr. White hummed part of a tune he'd heard sung being sung by some of the distant performers across the hills that evening, and he read a few more pages from his father’s letters.
 
I had met the Green Girl once, before I saved her child. We called her the Green Girl not only because that was her surname, but because she was more wild and full of life than anyone we knew. I was an awkward loner farmer, more at home hunting in the woods than facing people in town. I was returning from night fishing and I saw her sitting by the side of the road in a shimmering green dress that alternately sparkled and glowed in the moonlight. Her golden brown hair fell in beautiful, expensive ringlets. Her dress was torn at one shoulder and I could tell she had been crying, and I suspected that one of the town’s big men had hurt her.
If she had been hurt by one of them, she did not tell me. She saw me walk up and looked for a minute like she might run off, but after looking at me some more she sat back down. I took off my hat and walked up the clay road till I stood beside her. She looked beautiful and sad. She laughed, and she cried as she laughed. Her tears were little jewels and I wanted to collect each one and save them until she was happy again and give them back to her as diamonds.
But she laughed like she knew she was broken. "Would you mind walking me into town?" she said. "I’ve twisted my ankle."
There in the moonlight I helped her up and felt her sudden warmth against me – a sudden perception that rose as a marvel as we took steps and I felt her weight and her warmth with one arm draped across my shoulder. She did not talk about where she had been coming from or going to, all dressed up but out in the middle of nowhere. She only commented on how she felt safer and how beautiful the stars looked among the shadow-hidden trees. She asked did I ever wonder how God came to make nature so beautiful then put creatures like us in it, and I didn’t know how to answer something like that, and my dumbfounded silence made her laugh.
Town was not that far and in a few moments we had emerged at the back of the hotel, away from the view of the road. After a precise knock the back door inched open one light-flooding crack, and a girlfriend of hers dressed for bed looked at her then threw a scowl at me, but the woman I was helping laughed and said that I was nothing to worry about, that I had helped her.
The woman took her from me and walked her through the doorway, and then the Green Girl looked one last time at me and I saw something fragile and beautiful in her, balanced on the moment I had helped her, and she looked silvery like moonlight on a moving pond, shaken to bright ripples that hinted now of promise, of alternately breaking and pulling back together.
"Thankyou," she said. "Goodnight." And the door closed behind the two of them and they were gone.
I walked through the full dark night along a narrow clay path back to my home. But she was in my mind - I saw her in every glint of light.
And Asher used to work for her family. Asher knew her though that proximity, and I knew her through him. Asher thought I was crazy prying him for details about her, but what little he knew he’d tell me with a laugh. Asher was a man like me who was had washed up in this town as on an island, armed only with a memory of what he’d lost and a sense of what slim holdings this town offered as their replacement. When they killed Asher they killed the bridge to my ideas of what could have been, if the world were saner or life were not so unfair; they ripped out my eyes.
 
White put down the note and tensed his hand to crumple it, but he did not. Instead he slid it carefully back in the drawer. He stared into the purple exhaustion of the evening and met it with an evacuating sigh, a desire to let go in order to atone, to commemorate in fixed measure because otherwise it would kill him.
*
September 1939
The day of the fair dawned like a soap bubble. It caught light in concave rainbow panels of possibility. It floated with nothing so far to burst it.
In the pink and blue light of morning the town square revealed itself to be the site of awakening activity. A whistling man was weaving red, white, and blue bunting through the hand rails up the courthouse steps. Two others were hoisting a banner across the front of the building, above a wooden podium flanked by chairs. The banner read, "Welcome, Congressman Larr!" and beneath this was the subtitle, "Dam Commencement Ceremony."
In the town square, workers in the dewy grass were setting up chairs several rows deep facing the courthouse steps. Smells of grease and baking dough were wafting from booths that lined the square. Over a dirt and gravel lane, in an empty lot beyond the depot, workmen were busy setting up rides and booths for the carnival Mr. White was sponsoring. They were bolting together the metal arms, pulling taut the ropes of flamboyant tents, forking hay to familiar and exotic animals. Braying blended with cursing and a soft undercurrent of clipped, efficient instruction. 
Off to one side in the shade of trees near the courthouse, three thin, middle-aged men with identical crewcuts squatted and uncrated several wooden boxes. The sides of the boxes read "From the World of Tomorrow." The men wore serious looks on their faces. At the persistent inquisition of a farmer they explained that they were assembling a prop robot they trundled across the country wherever federal dollars were subsidizing a community improvement effort. When assembled he would stand eight feet tall, confront visitors with optimistic aphorisms resonating from the hollow of his metal chest, remind people of the generosity of FDR, and display the word "HOPE" in light pushed by bulbs through a panel of red cellophane in his chest.
*
"He gave away his money?"
"He gave away all his money!"
The town was abuzz over the previous day's disbursement of checks and now the carnival.
"Where is he?"
"He's gone. His house is completely empty. Drove past there this morning."
"Hell, it aint empty."
"Looked empty to me."
"I'll grant you that – the placed looked empty."
"I imagine he followed some siren off into the woods to who-knows-what fate. He always was an easy mark."
"You and your sirens."
"Weren't you just cussing him the day before?"
"Yeah, but that was back before he gave all his money away. He's easier to pity now."
"Who's to say he gave away all of it?"
"Lord, can't you let a body tell a story?"
*
It was morning and Mr. White stood in front of his dresser mirror, sliding a lilac tie under his collar. Out of the corner of his eye he suddenly noticed that Otto was standing in his doorway.
"Today's the day?" Otto asked.
"I think so," White said. "I don't feel a need to stay in this house any more. Not sure where I'll stay tonight, but it won't be here."
"I see you boxed some things up."
Mr. White turned and looked at his valet. "And what are you dressed up for?"
Otto looked especially tall and well-dressed this morning. The valet's coarse brown hair had been recently trimmed, and now it neatly framed his tall, thoughtful forehead. He wore a brown tie and neat white shirt. His hair and even his eyebrows glistened with something slick and scented.
"Constance is introducing me to some of the officials running the dam project today," he said. "She has it on good authority that they might have an opening for one more planner. They were very impressed with my engineering education."
"Well they should be. So why are you nervous?"
He fiddled with the end of his tie. "It's funny," he said. "I've been working for you for so long, it almost scares me to go back out on my own and see what working in the world is like again."
Mr. White paused. "Well, you have to get back into it some time, and now's as good as any. I suppose you're going to find it more challenging, less forgiving, but much less bizarre than your past few years. Or maybe more bizarre, but in a different way."
"Do I look all right for an interview? I mean, Constance has given me her recommendation to them, but these are folks who like to size up a man before they commit to anything."
Mr. White stood back and looked at him. Otto looked at once strong and jittery, competent and nervous.
"Just calm down and be yourself. You've met royalty before so you can certainly handle these clods. Now what is it about this meeting that's getting you so worked up?"
Otto looked down. "Well, as you may have guessed, I like Constance, and I feel like all this is also tied up with her. I think she has expectations if I get this job. It's like I'm interviewing for what's going to happen for the rest of my life."
"Good God, are you sure you don't want a drink?"
Otto looked at him to see if he was joking and could not tell. Nonetheless he felt his insides unknot slightly.
"You'll do fine," White told him. "Just be sure to give a firm handshake, look these men in the eye, laugh at their jokes but no too much, eat heartily at lunch, and sound intelligent but not too smart. Look, Constance's family is well-connected, and the people you're meeting will want to make her happy, so I think you'll be okay."
"Good. And can I take your car?"
"Sure. And let me know if you’d like one of my others in storage and I'll have it shipped here as yours from now on. What do you fancy? The Peugeot? The Edelhaus? The Bram Healy Straight Six?"
"Thanks but no thanks. I'll be making it on my own, hopefully, from here on out."
"A fine sentiment, but one I'll ignore. I'll just pick one out myself then."
Otto smile and smoothed his hair back with one hand. "Well, I have to be going. I'm having breakfast with Constance in town."
Mr. White understood. They shook hands firmly, and then Otto turned to depart. White walked Otto to the door, and Otto gave himself one more check in the entryway mirror then walked out. White heard the car purr to life then crunch across their gravel drive. Soon its noise had faded from the air.
Mr. White walked back into the empty house. He had indeed already begun boxing things up, and already the tall rooms felt empty and quiet.
He walked into the kitchen, cleaned the few dishes left from his breakfast, rinsed them, then set them in the rack beside the sink. Sunlight pushed between the thin curtains of the window above the faucet. He noticed the small potted plant that rested on the sill. Both he and Otto must have thought the other was looking after it, because it now looked pretty scrawny. White decided to give it a better home. He picked it up, walked through the front door, and set it beside the stoop. Then he threw his arms out wide and felt the freshness of the early hours of the day.
He was, in fact, dressed and ready to head out for the morning. He wore a tan linen suit that breathed and was comfortable in both hot and mild weather (so the salesman had noted). He intended to walk out to the country, to the solitude of a creek on a back portion of his land, to pick a site for a new house that he intended to ask Atalanta to help build with him.
He pulled the front door shut, turned the key in the lock, and then walked down the lane. As he got to where his drive met the road, a grey sedan pulled out of a cloud of dust on the horizon. Mr. White stood and watched it approach. It pulled up to him and a man with a head the size of a watermelon leaned out the window.
"Hey buddy, is this the road to Mandalay?"
Before Ernest could reply that it was not, he felt himself grabbed by either elbow. Two very large men lifted him, threw him in the back seat of the car, and then wedged in on either side. The driver put his foot to the gas and they flew down the road, the old grey house quickly vanishing behind them.
The two men on either side of him had strong, youthful, bulldog faces, and they wore rural clothes. Their expressions showed the unfocused aggression of youth.
"Abducting me to an FFA meeting?" Mr. White said.
"Hah – he thinks he's funny." One of them said. "The boss said he thought he was funny."
"Get a blindfold on him!"
"Good God!"
They quickly blindfolded him and tied his hands in front of him with a length of cloth.
"You won't be messing up the congressman's speech today!" one said.
"Shut up!" the driver said. "You two are not supposed to talk."
All was were quiet for several minutes, and White could feel the country roads rise up and curl and swerve away beneath them. He tried to keep track of the directions they were going, but it got to be dizzying. At one point the driver had to ask directions of one of the two men in the back seat, and White felt emboldened to speak.
"Can I ask where we're going?" he said.
"Someplace where you can't interfere with the decent folks around here anymore," the driver replied. "Now no more talking til we get there."
"I can pay you ten times as much as whoever you're working for."
"I said shut up!" the driver said.
Mr. White leaned back dolefully and resigned himself to the journey and the stink and the pressure of the big thugs on either side of him. He remembered the question the driver had first asked to lure him to the car, and some lyrics from "The Road to Mandalay" rose up in him:
 
"By the old Moulmein Pagoda, lookin' eastward to the sea,
There's a Burma girl a-settin', and I know she thinks o' me..."
 
"He sings pretty," one of the men said.
"Don’t let him get in your head – Mister, you hush!"
White slumped down. He wished they hadn’t put the poem in his head if he wasn’t going to get to recite it or at least sing the popularized version.
The smell of the air from the countryside began to change from grass to pines, and when it seemed like they had been driving for an hour White felt would explode if he did not pipe up one more time.
"Can you tell me where we're going now?" 
"No – you'll find out soon enough."
"Look here, let's make this easier on all of us. Let me write out a check for $1000 to each of you right now and we'll call it a day. Who should I make the checks out to?"
"Don't tell him your names!" the driver yelled.
"But $1000 bucks!"
"I can't drive with all these arguments coming from the back seat. One of you take your shirt off and stuff it in his mouth. I don't want to hear another peep out of him."
"Good Lord, if you're going to do that, please use my pocket handkerchief. It’s clean."
"You're going to learn a little lesson about messing with people who have the people's best interests in mind."
White sat silent the rest of the trip. In perhaps an hour more their drive ended and one of the young men took his blindfold off. He blinked then saw that they had arrived at a lonely shack standing in perpetual twilight beneath thick pine trees. And suddenly he noticed he could smell the tang of the river.
They open the door to the shack and shoved him in. There was a layer of dust inside as if it hadn't been lived in for decades. It was barely big enough for the three chairs, the pot bellied stove, and the cot it contained. Above the cot on a shelf were three books: an old Sears catalog, the Bible, and a Farmer's Almanac. 
They shoved him down roughly in a chair by the stove and gave him to understand that they would all be waiting there for some time. After long minutes of bored silence, White volunteered to teach them several time-passing card games if they'd just untie his hands. The leader declined.
*
Even as the car ferrying Mr. White had been distancing itself from his house, the town's streets and sidewalks were beginning to fill with crowds of the young and old, rich and poor, rural and urban. The sun rose to its mid-morning fullness like a yeast roll. 
The early hours of the morning would be for business, as were all Saturday mornings in town, though on this special day visitors were also presented with the opportunity to hear edifying County Extension lectures or walk past new labor-saving products for the housewife being demonstrated by speed-talking salesmen whose hands performed a delicate ballet with tools of dangerously sharpened tin. 
And of course everywhere were facts about the dam. It would be X feet long, X feet high, consume X thousand cubic feet of concrete and Y thousand man-hours in its construction, would divert X million gallons of water, employ XYZ workers, cost X millions of dollars, bring XYZ income to the regional economy for X decades to come. It was presented as a nexus of unimaginable numbers and unquantifiable dreams. It would leap from bank to bank as from the gloomy past to bright future, from servant to master of Nature, from isolated farmer to international businessman. All about the town square visages of politicians beamed from signs in triumphant photos taken when they were still young and toothsome and smooth, full of surprise at themselves and at the world. Such images were flattering if not exactly fair substitutes for the jowly, tobacco-stained bureaucrats who would today rouse themselves from slumber, swoop in to harvest accolades, and remind citizens who it was that had their best interests in mind.
The streets of town began to be pervaded with a jolly atmosphere, and the great circus town that had been set up in the lot beyond the depot stood ornate but silent and waiting. Crowds milled in between the stalls and admired the oriental and arabesque scenes and painted visages that leered back at them, wondering how and when they would come to life.
Well beyond all this Birchola stood on the stoop in front of her house. She could hear the noise of the fair and the commotion of the crowd, but it only repelled her. Her lidded sloe eyes were watching for a particular car to come up the street when they were instead affronted by the appearance of a primer-colored pickup truck. Az Sweet jumped out.
"That boy aint got no design on you but the basest!" Az Sweet spat, as if continuing some argument from days or weeks before. He was tall and his dark hair fell across his brow like a raven's wing.
She had met Az at White's party and the angry young man had been haunting her ever since, showing up in her proximity but never talking to her. He had believed his power to brood, glare, and sulk would eventually attract her to him with a magnetic power normally reserved for planets, but he had been mistaken. Now that word of her imminent departure had gotten around to everyone except Port Gil and her Aunt, he decided upon direct confrontation.
He set a hand on her shoulder but she pulled away from him. "Well maybe basest's all I'm shooting for," she said. She stood with her arms folded and a tan and red pressed board suitcase on the dirt road beside her.
"What's with the suitcase?" he said.
"What the hell you think's with the suitcase?" 
"Look," he said, "if what you want is to see the world then why not go with me instead? That's what I want too. I'm sick of this place."
She huffed, then looked at him. "You? Why, you aint got enough courage to even let go your momma's skirt or your daddy's reputation."
"My daddy, he's just a blowhard with old grudges. All I got is a crummy job sweeping up at the VFW. I'm ready to go out into the world and fine somebody."
She looked at him. He just stared back in his defensive, angry way, but then his raven eyes softened just a fraction at the edges.
For some reason this made her angry. "I don't believe you!" she said and turned.
"Dang it!" he said, "You listen to me. Old Mr. Slickster there is gonna pick you up then leave you where you don't know no one and he's gonna make every one of the warnings your momma's ever given you come true. I may not know much but I know that. With me you'll see the world and you'll be defended, in the company of a, a..."
"A what?"
"A gentleman," he said.
"Aint no such thing anymore."
"You just try me. Give me the name of somebody who ever wronged you and I'll go beat him up. Right now. You'll see. How 'bout that Mr. White? He's wronged everyone in general, the way I see it."
She smiled a little. His face was red and earnest. "Doan you go sassing that Mr. White," she said. "He may be a fool, but he got some plans for me I might just take him up on."
"Plans?" Az asked with all the suspicions of an amorous rival.
"Just you relax," Birchola said. "Plans for my mind – an offer of an education. No designs on any parts yoar int'rested in."
Az Jr. reddened. "Now see here! I know how to treat a lady. Dang it, do you have to pick a fight about everything?"
"Okay," she said, "okay. I'm sorry."
"An' I got a truck."
"That yoar truck?"
"Sure is. What you think I've been slavin' all summer for? Car parts is what. One of those VFW guys had an old truck, said I could fix it in my spare time – said I could have it if I could fix it. It was a good deal for both of us. He'd hand me tools and I'd listen to all his old war stories. I reckon he must've killed about 10,000 Huns. Truth is I lost count."
"So it runs good? Aint no things gonna fall off it ten miles down the road?"
"Damn straight it runs!" he said belligerently.
"All right," she said.
"All right what?"
"Start it up and let's go." 
"Jest like that?" He looked flabbergasted. 
"I said what I said."
"But what about this Mr. White's offer?"
She turned and looked at him. "After I turned down his offer yesterday I got to thinking and made him a counter-offer: I tole him I'd let him pay for my schoolin' if he'd throw in a swimmin’ pool for Aunt Maye's manse and build a substantial hut for Port Gil too. And he agreed, so I agreed. I ship out of here in two weeks' time, then I don't have to hear them two warble on about their families' lost glory no more. Now can we please see how much of America we can take in before this bucket of bolts breaks down? I reckon I could use the company of a chaste and protective escort like yourself – or should I set and wait for the salesman's jalopy like I planned?"
Az Jr. flipped his hair off of his brow. He opened the door for her like a gentleman, and she swept back her skirt and climbed in. He shut her door, got in on his side, and shifted roughly into gear. Then the truck rattled away.
Chapter 16
The wait in the shack proved to be long and tedious, and everything White did accentuated the fact. He questioned and complained until he secured the right to flip through the Sears catalog, though his hands were still bound. He turned to the corsets section in hopes of distracting the farm boys and turning this to his advantage. Then be began singing: 
 
'Er petticoat was yaller an' 'er little cap was green,
An' 'er name was Supi-yaw-lat – jes' the same as Theebaw's Queen,
An' I seed her first a-smokin' of a whackin' white cheroot,
An' a-wastin' Christian kisses on an 'eathen idol's foot:
Bloomin' idol made o'mud –
Wot they called the Great Gawd Budd –
Plucky lot she cared for idols when I kissed 'er where she stud!..."
 
"He’s sayin’ poetry again."
"Well tell him to stop it."
"I did!"
The leader lit a cigarette and suddenly shrugged. "Hell, let him if he wants. We only have to wait a little longer. We have a gentleman coming in to fix our problem."
"Fix? Fix how?" one of the farm boys asked.
"You’ll see."
"I thought we were just keeping him out of the way until the Congressman's speech was over," the other farm boy said.
The man shook his head. "That wouldn't solve anything for long." He exhaled a long plume of smoke. "This man has to be resolved more permanently. And remember, we're all in it together now. We're only getting out of here if we stick together and see this thing through."
The second farm boy stood up, red-faced. "I didn't sign up for this."
"Yeah, just give us our money and we'll leave."
The man in the suit stood in the doorway. "I'm afraid it's not that simple. As of now we're all guilty of kidnapping. None of us can get out of here free and clear until my man arrives and finishes his work."
"You're serious?"
"Yes, but trust me, this man never leaves a trace. Let him do his job, and not a one of us will ever get in trouble."
White turned to the one farm boy. "If you let me go now I promise to never breathe a word of this."
"You hush up!" the leader said.
"I don't know about this..." the second boy continued, his huge piggy head suddenly wrinkling in ruminations.
"Look, do you both want to go to jail for kidnapping? Because that's what'll happen if he lives."
"No, I don't want to go to jail, but you tricked us," the first boy continued.
"Tricked nothing – you got your $100 bucks."
"One hundred dollars? Good Lord!" Mr. White said. "Let me add a zero to that. Let me make it a thousand for each of you, with a promise of no testimony against you, ever."
"My uncle said you were no good," the second boy said to the leader. "He said to steer clear of you. But I sure needed the money..."
"You swear on your father's grave you'd never tell on us?" the second boy said, turning a suddenly serious face to Ernest.
"I swear."
The leader let a quaver enter his voice. "Don't you know he lies? He always lies. Hell, he killed a man in Europe. Everyone knows that."
"I know he grew up around here and you didn't, and you talked us into kidnapping him and now you're trying to tell us what to do."
Both of the farm boys turned their backs on their leader and faced Mr. White, but the man in charge took a gun out. He cleared his throat and pointed it at them. The turned around.
"Let me make one thing clear," he told them, "This man I have coming can make three bodies disappear as easily as one. Now don’t you worry about him leaving any evidence after this man here is taken care of. He’ll make it look like a suicide, no questions asked. Succumbed to his own morbidity – drowned himself in the river."
White’s face turned ashen.
"I aint takin’ no part in that," one of the boys said.
"Rush him, Bill!" the other boy said, and they sprang at him. The leader staggered back and pulled the trigger. An explosion came but went wide, and the boys were immediately upon him.
White watched the struggle. The men rolled on the floor violently then suddenly rose to their feet. White sprang aside just as one boy cast the thug against the iron stove. The leader collapsed but pulled the boy with him as he did so. The boy's skull crashed against the cold metal as well, and the two men fell on each other, the farm boy making a lowing noise like a cow before his eyes rolled back.
White and the remaining young man stood on either side of the pile, agape at what had just occurred.
"I owe you and your friend a debt of gratitude," Ernest said. "I thought I was a goner for sure..."
But he was interrupted. "Hold it there a second," the boy said, his eyes narrowing. "What else you got on you that's worth anything besides them cufflinks and watch?"
White's eyes widened in disbelief. "Why, your life for one thing," he said.
It was then that the boy noticed that White had freed his hands and picked up the gun in the course of the scuffle. He pointed it at the boy and motioned him to take a seat.
"That's better," Mr. White said. "And now let me say this: I'll keep mum on your and your friend's behalf, but I'd advise you to tie up your leader and then get the hell out of here before his hired killer arrives and doesn't like what he sees."
The boy nodded. White patted down the unconscious body of the leader and took his wallet and his car keys. Then he slowly backed out the open door. He paced backward maybe 20 feet and then turned and ran to the car. He fired it up and slipped it into gear, but his limbs were shaking so badly that when took his foot off the clutch it roared twenty feet forward and slammed into a tree. He tried backing it up but the right front wheel had snapped and cocked sideways, so White threw open the car door and ran. Outside the shack’s clearing the trees grew thick, and he plunged deep into them and ran until the breath was out of him. Then he fell to his knees.
As he caught his breath he assessed his surroundings. He figured from the elevation and the trees that he was in the hills twenty-odd miles northeast of town. Given the anticipated arrival of the killer, he thought better of doubling back and following the road. He decided instead to head downhill, despite the precarious slopes, to find the wide green water. He knew the railroad hugged the river. There might be houses there and, depending on how far north he was, at least one small town and depot. So he made his way carefully down the leaf-mated slopes, the ground now and then sliding from under his feet, or the roots rising up to trip him.
And within an hour or so he made his way down until he heard the water’s chatter and its smell became stronger, and after clearing one small rise he saw the wide green flow below him, lazy and close, and he saw a few dark houses hugging its banks like wet leaves, not quite daring to peep from beneath the clumps of trees.
As he came closer to the houses he heard whistles in the woods around him, and just as he emerged in a clearing he found himself surrounded by three men of varying ages, from teen-aged to young manhood to whiskered and gray. And a dark young woman of uncultured robust beauty with them. One man held a dog at bay.
"Please," White said, "Some men were trying to kill me. I only just escaped."
The eldest man sized him up. "More likely from the bank or government. There are too many people we don’t know snooping around these days, taking our names and filling out papers and assessing our land. In any case you’re trespassing. Come with us."
And so they led him down the slope, shotgun at his back, to a house where they could deliberate, but as they loped the wild, beautiful girl squinted at him. "I know who he is. He aint no thief nor agent of the bank or the government. He’s that man rich man returned to town."
The youngest man huffed. "So you say! You’re talking smitten, and you’re hard enough to keep from runnin’ off as it is. We’ll see what someone with an ounce of sense says." And so they continued leading him downhill, but the old man looked at the girl and then at White and kenned the truth in what she said and let his shotgun lower a little.
*
At ten o’clock sharp the fair began. A parade of intimidating bodybuilders, contortionists, clowns, swamis, fakirs, knights, midgets, giants and veiled beauties walked up in silence and swung open the gate.  A wonderland of exotic sights and smells waited inside, but for all that it was deathly quiet. As the menagerie of the human spectrum stood by the gate, none of the townsfolks dared be the first to go in. There was something both inviting and sinister about it, as if one were entering another world where temptation reinvented itself and stood right next to its twin, delight, and folks had better have the eyes to tell one from the other or they’d reenact the Preternatural Fall. Finally a strapping farm boy stepped forward and shouted out to no one in particular, "Mercy, I aint never seen gals so pretty nor smelled food so good before – I’m makin’ a day of it!" And the moment he walked through the gate a chorus of bands struck up from every corner of the fair, and rides suddenly glowed and churned and swung to life, and calliopes played, and a man on the back of an elephant reached down and had the behemoth hoist the young lad on its trunk to sit beside him in the parapet and march him further inside accompanied by drums and trumpets.
"Dang fellers, this is fine!" he shouted down, and the logjam was broken and the mass of humanity could not jostle one another fast enough to immerse themselves in the sights and sounds and tastes and smells, to enjoy the overbold and the sublime beauty, to jog and rearrange their thoughts, to make their memories, to feel the fineness of possibility that enters through the eyes and breaks down a wall and unleashes a light that is always behind it, to find the perfect pitch could crumble a mountain of uncertainty and let through a secret of how happy life can be.
The splendor of the fair made the commemoration ceremony grey and torpid by comparison. Because it was. Dignitary after dignitary droned on in speeches that all but the most civic-conscious tried to avoid. Even the guy who dressed as Abe Lincoln and stood on stilts and declared the dam to be the second great emancipation fell flat. Only a smattering of bodies filled the rows of chairs set up facing the dais, and most of the folks sitting in them only rested there to fan their feet before launching themselves into the fair again. But like all good bureaucrats, the speakers did not notice or care. They kept up their ritual while the hours spun by around them, with colors swirling brighter at the periphery than at the center. 
And while they talked Otto found himself in a waiting area outside a hotel conference room wishing he could be anywhere else, even out in the sparse sea of folding chairs, listening to the monotone. He’d had breakfast with Constance earlier but that had long since burned off. He sat in the lobby in a stuffed chair that started out cushiony but quickly turned uncomfortable no matter how he sat. He tried to look stern and also ever-so-slightly bored and familiar with everything, but after a while even that got to be real work. He watched other young men with expressions remarkably like his own file in, eye him suspiciously, screw their posture up one notch tighter, and then disappear into the great beyond.
He waited and waited for hours, and every now and then a young bureaucrat or secretary would open the door and look out to ensure he was still there, as if checking for any demerit that might suspend an obligation on someone's part. But at last, about 2:00 in the afternoon, they let him inside.
*
His rural escorts got White to a low sturdy house, clean and warm and made tightly of rough-hewn cedar, with its rafters visible inside. The old man prodded him in and he could smell pies baking, and as his eyes adjusted to the dimmer light he could see past a sitting area to a long low table in a kitchen with two old women at the end. The men pushed him into the kitchen and gestured that he be seated. He sat and nodded to the women. The looked like ancient sisters, and they looked back at him, tightening dark-stained lips over toothless gums. He expected their faces to sour but instead one smiled wryly, turned her head, and spat.
"It’d be nice if just once you men could bring back something useful when you go out hunting. I don’t know how you found this one, but he’s a long way from the newsreels."
"Ernest White," the other one said. "You’re a long way from home – whatever corner of the world you’re calling home these days."
He looked at them. "Please," he said, "I just got away from some thugs. They were trying to kill me."
The lady squinted up at him. "Hell son, they’ve been trying to kill you before you were born. Sit down."
He startled at the comment, and the men who had escorted him into the house looked at each other, but the women waved them off with the admonition to make themselves useful, and so they left.
"Ernest White, aint it time you got over thinking you’re the one man ever who borned and baptized and resurrected hisself? Do you know much about Chris White? How he ran the town with Sweet and Larr, until they all had a falling out over the attentions of a young lady who ended up pregnant? How the whole affair messed up her mind and she tried to drown herself and the baby?"
"I’ve heard of it, yes."
"We knew that woman. She was a willful girl from these parts who took to thinking she liked the town better than the country, but when she turned up pregnant and the big men would have nothing to do with her, some of us folks up here took her back in. She delivered, but her mind was not right, and the men in town decided to get rid of her, just like they want to get rid of this whole valley now – for their own convenience, for their own vanity. But that baby got lucky – the one honest man in town chanced to be out hunting that night."
He opened his mouth to ask them something but then paused as if weighing something in his mind. 
"You were that baby, White. They put the infant in an orphanage about the same time Chris’s own wife was with child, and then his wife miscarried. And so he and his wife adopt this foundling to fill the void and head out into the world to get the eyes of the damned town off of them."
Ernest looked at the old women.
"You're that child. You're everything that put those three men at each other's throats. Of course they tried to kill you today. They tried to kill you even before you can remember, but you got damn lucky."
He felt his world close in. He tried to stand but felt his legs felt weak and he sank to the floor.
"On our mother’s grave it’s true. So what you want to go back to town for? It's foolish to think you can ever dodge the bullet of their vengeance. There’s folks whose only goal in life is to hunt down grievances, as far back as they can to go, through every life that ever was."
He was kneeling on the floor and felt his fists curled at his sides.
"So what the hell you want to go back for, boy? Take your money and leave for those of us who can’t."
He got up, sat at the bench and ran a hand through his hair and breathed deeply.
"Look, I need to get back to town," he said. "What’s the quickest way?"
"Why you want to go back to town? You can never have peace there."
"Then I’ll have the thing that’s in its place."
"Which is?"
He told them about Atalanta.
One of the women fixed a look at the other. "Good Lord, they never outgrow it."
"We always heard you was pious and a little thick. But if that’s what you want, we can help you. Lord knows, you may have enemies but you’ve always been lucky."
"I’ve never thought of myself as lucky."
"Says the man with the good looks and the fortune."
"Hah!" the other lady laughed, and spat.
And so they told Ernest how they would let him hitch a ride back to town in a wagon hauling fruit.
*
At the fair events passed pleasantly until when a commotion broke out among the carnival rides. 
"It's a convict - he's escaped!" someone screamed.
An observer from a distance would have seen the mass of milling bodies recoiling from the course of a chase that ensued across the fairgrounds, then reclosing behind it with a wave of chatter.
Rumor quickly spread that a pale young man had escaped from prison, a man who had shot at Mr. White only days before. Now he had made a mad dash for freedom while his lunch was being delivered to his cell.
"Look! There he is!"
His pale form in a ragged white shirt and a jagged crazy face dashed through the crowd. Women screamed. Even men sprang back from his deranged persona as if he were a contagion. As their ranks closed behind his jagged course they could hear him scream:
"Fight the system! All rules are shackles! All compassion is chains!"
"He's mad!"
He darted in between rides and booths like a crazed waterbug, easily eluding the clumsy efforts of two fat deputies to apprehend him. He hurdled over baby carriages to mother's screams; he overturned cotton-candy machines to make temporary barricades. And all along his voice sang bitter sad epithets:
"The silence of these infinite spaces fills me with dread! Buy one free and get one at half price!"
"Now he's lost it."
He pushed two machine operators out of the way and began scampering like a mad spider up the side of the Ferris wheel. The riders shouted in panic as the escapee clung to the side with preternatural agility, going round and round, always trying to climb toward what was momentarily the top.
The operators quickly stopped the ride and let the lucky few passengers in the bottom car climb off. With that the exile scrambled to the pinnacle of the wheel as two panting deputies finally arrived. They paused to catch their breath then raised rifles to their shoulders and took aim. Two reports rang out but went well wide of the mark, so a farm boy grabbed the gun from one of them.
"Wing shot," he said.
A report rang out and the maddened escapee grabbed a sudden spot of blood on his right shoulder. That was enough to convince the refugee of the seriousness of their intent, and he signaled his surrender by waving his hands. The crowd led out a collective moan of disappointment and he shinnied back down into the deputies' custody. As he let himself be led away he bowed to the prettiest ladies in the crowd.
*
Michael had been sulking all day and all the days since Mr. White had refused to share his vengeful intent. He had been drinking, and now he began to pick his way out from under the trees and down the slope toward a familiar gray house.
He remembered the old man who used to live there, and the black man who used to work there. They were long gone now, and the man who lived there these days was no longer worthy of their memory.
Michael found a can of gasoline in the tool shed. He walked around the perimeter of the house, limping and sloshing the liquid. When he had poured out the last of the gasoline lit it. Then he limped away, back toward the hills, and soon the house was in flames.
As he limped away and gained the cover of the trees, he began to feel uneasy inside. He saw the reflections of the flames on all the tubes that encased him, flicking and lighting and chastising like a million tongues of fire. He hurried into the trees, but the cover was never thick enough to keep the flicker off his braces.
He hurried to the top of the rise. But there were no trees there, and he felt exposed. Sun poured down on him. He felt as if he had done something that had shown too much of himself and he could not reverse it. He wanted to get away and hide again.
In his hurry to regain the cover of the trees he misplanted his braces and fell. He fell and tumbled down a steep slope amongst trunks and branches. He looked up and saw his own scared face reflected in a thousand curved metal surfaces, distorted so that the faces laughed at him.
He fell off of a steep bank and down into a creek. His back hit a rock and he felt fire shoot through all his limbs, down to their tips. For one instant he felt supremely alive, then all fell numb again.
He could not move. His arms spread beside him as he lay in no more than 18 inches of water. He struggled through pain to raise his head out of the flow. But the effort was too great and his head fell back, under the water, shallow yet covering his face. The world was all blurred to his eyes. He felt god-struck. Light like tongues of fire danced all over his braces. His head went light and he laughed. He cried and the river carried away his tears. He felt alive and trapped, and his life itself became a blur upon whose surface light could dance, and at the last moment he felt his limbs go light and he imagined the cage door was opening and he was flying out like a bird.
*
It was late afternoon and Atalanta was looking out the window of the passenger train taking her back to town.
All her life in that town, she had watched the world lap up to the shores and recede. She had lived here a long time, seen the white foam of the world beyond sometimes approach the hills, but always pull back, leaving only little bits of what it bore, of what it promised.
She knew that the people of town had always thought that White looked down on them – on us, she corrected herself in her thinking. We were most of us poor. We walked to school barefoot in summer on grass-lined clay roads, and other children coming out of the valleys and the hollows and along our path and through the grove and out along the road to school.
Her people and most of the people in town had settled there when neighbor needed neighbor and there were no government nor industries for miles, just farms or loners' shacks, separated by miles, and places worn bare where travelers rested their horses beside springs, and at night the light of distant kerosene lanterns to be seen in the rippled glass windows from miles away, with frogs chirrups filling the air to a deafening pitch and forest pouring down the hills to the moon's reflection rippling on the wide Neosho. And neighbors who would cross those miles at midnight if need be to fetch the doctor, tend to the dying, help with a birthing, ease someone's pain, attend a wedding or a funeral, aid in lambing or harvesting – all in a world without fame or frame but full of silence pouring down from the wild dark land filled with green so dark it's black.
And he came in on the tail end of this, when trains and roads and brand names and catalogs were suddenly making the world much smaller and were irreparably tearing down the isolation of their world, and he was like no one they knew. He tried to live a normal life but news of his extraordinary circumstances got the best of him, and distanced him even more from everything and everyone. Sometimes it gave him a conscious pride, and other times it erected a barrier between himself and everything and everyone he tried to know. Eventually he relented of normalcy in that small town and launched himself out into the wide world.
After he left, Atalanta stayed there with her father, which was better than her father deserved, and the second he died she ran away and was gone 12 years, and when she came back she kept to herself, having lived events none too spectacular save for the fact that she had lived them, felt the bruises of life, felt a pulse in her veins and her heart break and reknit and prove that she was strong, that her back could bear greater things that she could have imagined. But now that life was gone and he was back, one day the foam of the world brought that old dredge back here, and she remembered the depth his eyes had opened in hers at one time...
Atalanta was settled in her daydreams when she heard someone else speaking on the train. "Did you hear? There’s smoke on the horizon – folks say it’s coming from the old White place." She was shocked out of her thoughts. She looked out the window anxious to be home.
*
A man in the hotel in town entered the suite the congressman was staying in and had bad news to report.
"They lost him? They LOST him?" the old politician said. He wilted like a wet sack. "You know this means he could be anywhere. He could say anything – do anything. I want you to cancel my speech."
"Now Dad," his son Billy said, "I'll give it."
Billy looked into the contorted face of his father. A light like sun on milk had come into the old man’s eyes.
"I think he has a grudge against me from when I was sheriff here," he said.
"I'll give the speech," his son repeated.
"Ever the man to jump at opportunity?" the father asked with a squint. "Well you know if I won't go out then I can't stop you." Then he turned to the other men in the room. "But the rest of you, listen to me: you've got to watch for him at all the entrances to town."
The men looked at him.
"You heard me boys. You do your jobs. That nut likes to shoot his mouth off."
They looked at him, then at Billy, then nodded their heads and left the room.
"Now about that speech," the old man said. "If you're going to give it, give it right. Now look here, see how I've marked up the text."
"Of course, Dad, of course."
"Be sure to pause here after you invoke the Assistant Secretary's name..."
It was a fine speech, invoking God and the promise of America and that still small spark in man called Freedom, fanned to a prairie fire here in the USA, and barreling toward a destiny so great that none could see it except for its glow, just over the horizon. Bill did a fine job of delivering it, a natural for the role, and the crowd noticed and responded appreciatively. It was the first great speech of his career, and it left most of the men actually believing him and most of the women in tears. But in the middle it was interrupted by a blare of trumpets and the sudden appearance of a stately procession of wildly-garbed humanity pouring toward the podium from every direction. Jugglers and fire-breathers and clowns, strong men and acrobats and bearded women and inscrutable Chinese mystics, dwarves and giants and men on stilts and leering clowns and Hindoo fakirs in their turbans and diapers, carrying their cobra baskets or beds of nails. And there were boys like wolves or lizards. Calliope music suddenly filled the air and the group poured in from every direction and surged around the politician. A clown stole the papers of his speech and then two Red Indians juggled tomahawks to one another with the would-be politician standing stock-still in the middle. The crowd roared and laughed. Then the jugglers ceased and a sad clown came up and put an exaggerated crown on Billy’s head and three women dressed like harem girls salaamed at his feet while two strongmen lifted him by the elbows and seated him in an exaggerated purple throne. A clown came up and shined his shoes and a second snuck up behind, shushed the crowd, and replaced his crown with a dunce cap. The crowd laughed and then the troupe set the man in his throne back down, marched across the stage in all their strength, from the first man to the last, then down through the aisle between the rows of chairs and on to their city of tents. The crowd began to follow them, leaving only a few bodies still in their chairs and the dignitaries on the dais bewildered. 
As the populace followed the circus, someone pointed out black smoke in the distance. A clown pointed a seltzer bottle at it and sent a spray at the distance plume. 
"It’s the White place," someone said.
Afterwards Bill went back up to the hotel room to find part of the lion's confidence returned. The old man sat in a chair by the window in a rich robe, and there was some color in his face again.
Billy mopped his brow and threw himself into a chair. "That was something!" he said.
The old man stood at the window. He was watching the plume of smoke. Already it was diminishing and was grey and thin instead of black. "That old martyr – that was all he had?" the old man asked. 
"Looks like it."
"The man is sick. That parade – that's his unconscious flowing out. Sign of poor mental hygiene, a literally dirty mind. A mind devoid of Christianity and common sense. A damp fizzle of a send-off. Piss poor, really."
"Well, it's all over now."
"Yes, the folks can concentrate on celebrating. They've got a lot to look forward to. And your speech helped emphasize that!" A gleam lit his eyes.
"I was just carrying water for you."
"No, you did good. Darned good for a first time. You know that, don't you?"
The son smiled. "Well, maybe I do."
"I was a fool, Bill - a fool! To let that eccentric get to me so."
"Well, Dad, that's his skill – he's a fakir. He's made a lifetime out of twisting people's hopes and fears against them."
"But I'm old, I should know better. What could he do to me that he hasn't already done? Why nothing, or else he'd have done it by now. I am getting old to let him play upon my frailties."
"I think I'd have done the same as you."
The old man's face warmed and he looked at his son. "It felt good, didn't it? The adulation of the crowd? The applause? The feeling of them looking up to you?"
Bill blushed. "Yes it did."
The old man rose. "Well, you stepped into the big boots. You, Bill, are a natural. When my term is up I will do everything in my power to see that you succeed me."
"Thank you, Dad."
The old man smiled and patted his shoulder.
"If you'll excuse me, Dad, I might go downstairs and meet a few men from the Corps of Engineers. It's a courtesy, but they want to show off some plans and things while they're in town."
"Now watch out Bill – you're not senator yet!" he said, but then he laughed. "Of course, of course, I understand. Please pass on the word that I feel much better but intend to rest the remainder of the day."
With that Bill departed and the old man returned to his window, sipped from a glass and looking down on the festivities below.
Otto bumped into Bill as he emerged from the foyer of the old hotel. Otto excused himself and proceeded out into the fresh air. Cigar smoke trailed after him in visible curlicues as he burst through the doors to the outside. His meeting had lasted hours longer than he'd imagined it could. 
He had never been around men who liked to hear themselves talk so much. His interviewers had been three large, round men with ruddy faces and fat bodies buttoned into brown, too-tight suits. Otto needed to gasp for breath. It had been stifling inside, though the men seemed unaware of it. They just talked for hours upon hours on end, their round faces blotching from the exertions of laughter, each joking or cajoling or preening, eyeing the others suspiciously while laying flattery on thick, mostly addressing the others but occasionally addressing him.
"Gonna have a marina over there..."
"Great stride for hoo-manity..."
"They people don't need a Robin Hood when they got a true social democrat fightin' for them..."
"You're living in a grand time, Otto Reid. Young man like you gets to be a part of powerful things, a pilot fish on a tide of forces, a tugboat in the era of the sea change..."
"Yes sir."
Their faces mottled in their tight collars from the exertion of eating and talking, but they seemed never to tire. He felt the need to gasp for breath. Their faces all seemed inches from him, sometimes one or another and sometimes all at once, almost as if they wanted to eat him.
"We’ll be seeing you bright and early Monday morning!" they called as some imperceptible milestone of etiquette or digestion was finally reached and he found himself accepted and excused.
Otto stood outside, in the waning afternoon light. He leaned forward across the boardwalk railing. From the nearby shadows Constance came walking up.
"How did it go?"
"Fine, I guess."
She slipped a slim arm around his waist. "I know you did fine. Won't it be great?"
"Yes."
"I know they can be intimidating. They are big men, used to being in charge. But you'll fit in – they'll get to trusting you. We'll buy you some new clothes. Oh, and while you were in there, something happened. There was a small fire at the old White place."
"You mean Ernest’s house? Ernest White? Our Ernest White?"
"Yes," she said. "But I heard it was not a big fire..."
"I've got to go check on it," he said.
"I was hoping..."
"No no, I've got to check it out! You wait here!" He ran to the car and started its engine with a roar. He shifted roughly into gear and raised dust behind him. Constance walked to the middle of the street and watched the car disappear in the distance.
Otto drove out into the country and soon arrived at the smoldering ruin. It had not been a small fire at all. Everything was gone but a charred skeleton of the frame and amorphous black hillocks of debris inside. His stomach knotted and his chest felt tight. He got out, nudged a board that was sticking out of the mound of black ruin. The destruction was overwhelmingly violent.
The statue of the Polynesian deity stood alone and implacable in the midst of the debris. Its former blue and gold paint had been burned off and it now stood singed a uniform umber. It was implacable and inscrutable, with a look of empyreal anger on its face. Its hands pointed in the four directions of the world. The fire revealed an inscription that a previous owner must have filled in with putty and painted over. Square letters read: "Walk past me and be unmade; I make corpses out of princes and princes of the dead." The eyes were featureless concaves, open forever and unblinking.
Otto ran away up one side of a nearby ridge. He told himself he was looking for Ernest. He ran harder than he had to in order to work his lungs like a bellows, to take fresh air in and purge the soot.
At the bald top of the hill he looked down at the town and through eyes bleary from his exertion, and he had a vision: he saw the land scraped clean and smooth and the river redirected. He saw houses like the houses like the houses next to them, all looping on curved lanes to nowhere, doubled back upon themselves. They stretched as far as the eye could see, a monument of captured and dissipated energy, ambition and curiosity and impatience and impertinence tapped then discharged into a spit and trickle of indifference redirected toward a turquoise trough.
Then his eyes cleared and he was looking at the squalid town and then at the ruin of White’s house, and a tremor of violence shuddered through him, and he vomited like a sick nervous schoolboy. 
He walked back down the hill. He got in the car, pulled the door behind him, started the engine, and steered back onto the road. He felt suddenly awakened to the fact that he had been living in a dream, or a trap, and he wanted to get out of it. He drove north, north til he left the county, north til he crossed the state line, north til the hills disappeared behind him and the night fell thick and hid everything. He drove north toward the country he knew and grew up in. If the world was going to be at war he wanted to be there with his family. He wanted to be with the known and the familiar. He wanted to be where he trusted the compass inside of him.
Mr. White would understand. His foot pressed the accelerator. If anyone would understand, White would understand.
On the radio he heard that Germany had invaded Poland.
*
Mr. White had been in the back of a wagon all afternoon, lodged amongst watermelons while the wagon made its slow progress under thick trees. Now and then he stared at the backs of the old man and woman at the buckboard, and also at a young man who was leading a woman on horseback, she holding one child and pregnant with another. It was getting dark. 
A trim spinster who had been continually and silently sitting at his side turned in and leaned to him. "Someone's following us," she said at last.
"What?"
"It's nothing. The old man at the reins just sometimes gets hunches when someone's following us."
"But when did he tell you? There's no one following us – is there?"
She kept looking straight ahead but spoke to him out of the side of her mouth. "I can tell by his glances, and by his silence. I trust the old man's instinct."
Mr. White scanned the woods, then looked back at the travelers ahead of him. 
"He thinks Death's following us," the spinster said. "He's switched trails twice to try to throw him. It haint done no good."
Ernest peered at the deep shadows now settling between the close-hanging branches. "You do realize people were trying to kill me today? How much longer til we get to town?"
The whole party stopped. In the front of the group, the old man at the reins held up one hand for silence. White felt the nerves screwed up tight in the back of his neck and between his shoulder blades, then a sudden jab in his ribs made him jump at least a foot in the air and he screamed like a girl. The spinster laughed, then the old man laughed, then even the young man and woman laughed, though she at least had the decorum to look a little sheepish. Ernest felt his face flush red and his ears burn. "Good Lord!" he said. "I should have known I was being played!"
The old man was doubled in of laughter. "I’m sorry, son. You town folk are just so superstitious. I can’t help myself."
White stood and fumed. Finally he spoke up. "Can you just tell me how far we are from town?"
"Why son, we’re practically here. Just over that hill."
"Then I’ll proceed on foot from now on, thankyou," he said. He huffed and jumped down and smoothed his coat to reclaim his dignity.
"Aw look, climb back on. It’s just a little further. Where in town did you say you were headed?"
"Ernest White’s place."
"Son, I think you better take a look in that direction."
He looked at the man’s face and saw no laughter now. They had finally cleared the coverage of trees and he looked in the distance and saw the exhausted fire’s thin plume of smoke. 
"My house!"
"But son," the old man said. "Let us take you there…"
But he did not hear him. Instead he ran. He angled off the road and dove through the open country in the direction of the plume. He ducked through copses of trees and bolted across slippery creek banks. He knew the way. After about a half hour he threw himself into one final thick belt of blackjack and sweetgum and pushed through them and ran up the hill on the other side and when he crested it he stood panting and picked out the spent plume of smoke in the sky and followed it down to his house in ruins. He stared down at the heap of black and char. He raced down toward it. 
As he neared the blackened ruin he saw the outline of a woman standing in the shadows in front of it. It was Atalanta. He tried to run to the burned remains but her arms stopped him.
"Let it go."
He tried to force his way past her, but she pushed her hands firmly against his chest as he looked past her at the smoking wreckage.
"They burned my house!"
"You were leaving it anyway. Let it go. Don't get pulled into their web anymore."
He stared at all the ruin, at all he had collected, all he had ever done – all up in smoke, and he felt a coil of black anger tightening deep inside of him. If he could damn them all, he would. But Atalanta persisted.
"Let it go."
He felt her hands pressing into his chest. The warmth from the hands sank deep but it was not enough. Then for the first time he looked down into Atalanta's face. It was teared and streaked with soot. "I’m here for you if you want me, Ernest. I’ll always be here. That’s all we need now. Don’t let them poison you again." 
"They tried to kill me," he cried to her. "They've always been trying to kill me!"
His broke down into tears. He tried to pull away but her but she would not let him. She wrestled with him as if for life itself. She held him and finally managed to capture and hold his eyes in her own, and he felt a sudden realization of the all suffering they had both been through.
"There’ll be no satisfaction in revenge. The best thing to do is live."
Off in the distance, a paltry firework from the planned show for the evening went off prematurely, and the yellow and green of its false daylight was cast against them, and in his mind Ernest saw all the buildings of the town in its alien light. He suddenly felt how long he had let himself live without hope.
He looked down into Atalanta's face and held it in both hands and felt a thing begin to uncoil inside his chest. He put his head on her shoulder and wept. She took his hand in hers, and they walked away from the wreckage, away from the town.
*
Some time late in the evening Ben Sweet entered the hotel. He looked up Larr's room and went up to it without the least bit of interference. He found the old man watching the festivities from a chair by the window.
"Here are the revised plans for the lake," Ben said, tossing a mailing tube into his lap. "Mr. White has added a public park and some other facilities. Most of it uses your current land. I'm sure you'll see fit to push the changes through. Oh yes, and you're not to run for public office again. Attached are some certificates of appreciation, courtesy the Sweets, the Whites and the Pinkertons. Well, good evening. Enjoy the fireworks."
After Ben left the old man unrolled the map, glanced at it, then cast it aside. Rolled up in the map was another document, a notarized transcript of the deathbed confession of the man he'd hired to abduct the girl and her baby all those years ago. Other documents fell out from behind this, page after page of dossiers transcribing the congressman's misdeeds over decades, back-stabbing deals with men who thought they could trust him even now. Mr. White had kept his investigators busy for years – busy and relentless and quiet. The Sweets had kept an accounting of their own as well, and pages upon pages of sworn affidavits announced themselves and damned him.
Noah Larr sank down in the chair and cried. 
*
Years later Mr. White heard one more version of the story, and given the odd jumble of facts this is the one he finally chose to believe:
In the Fall of 1901 a horse-drawn cart came through town in the evening. It was colorfully decorated on its sides with exotic animals and stars, but there was a sad gray horse in front, head down and clopping slowly as twilight fell.
A rakish young man in a collapsed top hat held the reins. He looked up as he passed the train station. A bright new metal sign read "Welcome to Blaze." He had heard that the town drew its name from a blaze left along the trail by Ponce de Leon's men, as they marched in search of the fountain of youth. But not much of the wonder from those legends had rubbed off on the place, and the people gave him low, suspicious looks as he came through town.
He decided this was not the kind of place receptive to his kind of show, but he met a beautiful young girl at the roadside who was apparently the toast of three leading men in town. She laughed when she told him that none of them dared touch her, because each thought she was the other's girl. Her green eyes caught him and he laughed and led her up to see the odd wares and elixirs and promises he peddled. "Finally!" she said.
He moved on through town before sunrise the next day, past Main Street then past the few blocks of houses and back out the other side. Some miles down the road he looked back, but then he continued heading into the milky sunrise.
But in the end the story and all of its versions did not matter. Mr. White lived and became poorer and stranger than he ever imagined. He and Atalanta raised three children in a town you'll never hear of, doing work that hardly suited him, going by a name that did not mean anything to anyone. Time wore softly on him like weathered denim, relaxing with age and conforming to the shapes of his bones. He relaxed against his own resisting and a wider world opened outside and inside of him than he'd ever foreseen, random and vibrant and alive like a child's spilled paints. In the evenings when the children were in bed and he and Atalanta were on the porch, he wore the kaleidoscope of the emotions rocketing through him like a Joseph's coat, in permanent surprise at the mystery of returned love and of new life fierce and unbeholden. In time he began to believe that everyone was made for something wonderful.
###

About the Author
Paul Hawkins lives in Norman, Oklahoma with his wife and three children. He likes history and science and football and old radios. He has a website that he never updates, but you can visit it at http://www.phawkins.com. He is on facebook ( http://facebook.com/pahawkins) and twitter (Hawkblog). He will write other books as he sees fit; you can see others at his home page or his Smashwords page.  He is glad that you read this one. 
