Jack Emerson
Michael Jones
Copyright 2014 by Michael Jones
Smashwords Edition

Chapter 1
“…Manic bipolar, alternating between austere hopeless romanticism, and a sort of jaded but relentless determined industrial autonomy. Which combined, though one side more subconscious at times then the other, they are so strong they combine, rendering a demeanor almost all of the time what a friend put as, auto-didactical heretical maniac; slightly at times more romantic, and at other times a little emotionally surfeited. 
The only radical fluctuations in me are in blood pressure and gastration... I don’t acknowledge my stress or anxiety until either my stomach hurts, or I feel chest pains. Ironically I’m the only ascetic idealist you’ll ever meet, the rest are probably locked up tight in the loony bin or dead.  
I have a theory that every human being is obsessive compulsive in at least one respect, mine is philosophy. I love to think, and hate it at the same time. Infallible maxims are rarer than I am humble enough to admit, which is what I suffer from; indirectly of course - it is the insomnia and high blood pressure that are the real culprits.
I probably shouldn’t be the one to saying this; it should be some great psychologist that dissects my brain through observation and analysis. For all I know, my perspective, especially of myself, could be skewed. And that’s just the problem; I really don’t think it is. 
Sometimes I wish I were wrong about myself, but if there’s anyone that can truly find how I am skewing my own self, it’s me.”

I should interrupt this narration to explain: I was asking him what he thought about different things, I asked him, “What do you think about you…” and before I could catch my train of thought he had already began explaining his life in a nutshell. I’m glad I brought a recorder, because there is no way I would have remembered the dozen or so words I had to look up in the dictionary.
“You should write a book… or a couple, I’m sure you could,” I replied after his self-analysis.
“Oh and if I did, the one poor soul that truly enjoyed it, would worry himself sick whether his new favorite author would completely lose his mind, leaving a series half unwritten.”
“Okay, well then just write one book, then it won’t matter if you go crazy afterwards.”
“There wouldn’t be an after! If I wrote just one book, I would go crazy before I wrote it, trying to put everything into that one work.”
“I don’t think very many people thought they were going crazy before they did,” I suggested.
“If anyone truly wanted to read something of mine, I could just publish my journal as A Diary of a Tortured Mind.”
“Do you keep a journal?” I asked.
“Only when I’m happy apparently… Like I was saying, I am so detached sometimes, that I won’t acknowledge that I am scared or nervous, till my stomach hurts; it is the same with when I’m happy, suddenly I start writing songs, and journal entries just seem to pop up.”
“I’m sure you’ve thought about why you don’t write when you’re sad.”
“Of course, in theory if you only apply paint to the good brush strokes, and only use lighter and brighter colored paints, the painting will look a lot happier. If I don’t want to keep something I don’t. I don’t keep ledgers, or grudges; I keep the baby and toss the bath water.”
“Does it work?”
“Yes… but I’m not sure at what cost. I don’t see any other option, so I don’t worry about it.  I do look back and remember mostly happy memories, and I do think mostly they have been. I like my life.”

YES, this is Jack Emerson. My name is Chris. I should probably explain how we became friends, well at least I consider him my friend. I really have no idea what he thinks, even when he says what he is thinking, I’m not sure. Not that I think he is a lair, but there is just always more. It seems like there is too much going on for thoughts not to be supported by other thoughts and feelings; I hope I will find those out about Jack, but I doubt it.  
This started off as a paper for school, but just like anything else in Jack’s life, it’s turning into more… I think. 
I am twenty one years old; I have lived her in Seattle almost my whole life. I took a year off school right before college, and worked as a ski bum. It was fun, but I don’t think it’s something I’ll love my whole life, I still don’t know what will be. Yes, I am one of those drifters; I haven’t quite found my niche in life yet. 
I love skiing, but it doesn’t really hurt when I hang up the boots; I am excited when the first snow hits, but I’m never scared when I think it’s the last of the season. 
I have taken a lot of classes so far, and not just liberal arts. Any of my teachers would guess I was a microbiology major, and maybe I am. We’ll see, I haven’t decided anything yet, but being a biologist doesn’t sound too bad. 
How my path converges with Jack’s is work actually; I got a job at the bakery close to my apartment. I work early mornings before school. It’s not like getting paid to ski, but it pays the bills. 
Jack had been working there about as long as I had. I later found out, he had switched through all the different shifts for a couple days each before he overlapped with mine. Then a couple days later he was gone.
Early mornings are not really my thing, so I didn’t think much of anything important, or anything at all really. Jack though, did really catch my half-awake attention. He was nice but quiet, confident yet reserved, friendly, but there was also some kind of distance… I don’t really know how to explain it.  That was only a few weeks ago now. 
It doesn’t seem very weird to meet someone nice but quiet working in a bakery, but this man is about fifty years old, not married, well at least that I can tell, and someone came in and called him Dr. Emerson… and he answered to it! 	
When my English teacher announced the assignment to interview someone interesting and write a report, my first thought was. “If there is anyone I really would like to interview its Jack.” More so than any pro skiers; not saying I wouldn’t want to talk with them, but I would rather hit a run together, than hear their philosophy on life. 
The only problem was I didn’t know more than his first and last name. I asked my boss about him and he gave me his address. I knocked on his door this afternoon, and there we were chatting it up. I felt like I was in a movie or a dream, But I wasn’t, better, I was talking with Jack Emerson. 
He made me feel oddly comfortable, but also feeling like I was lagging behind the conversation. At times I found myself just asking what ever came to my mind first just to keep up. 
I’ll start back at the beginning I promise, but I really don’t want to forget this part; I asked him what goes on in his head. He led me to the window and pointed down at a young man.
"Look at the way he keeps looking at his pocket watch. Can you see how he tries to look surprised every time he flips it open? He feigns a smile of confidence, and then just slips it right back into his pocket. It's not 1890, this is 1996. He's too prideful to smoke but oh if he did; with those compulsive nerves he'd be the blackest of the smoke stacks." 
It wasn't that he said it condescending, but he did seem to be right. It made me curious to know how free we are from the fate of our lack of creativity.
I find myself now, not so much in wanting to be a writer, but out of necessity trying to write my best to treasure my interactions with Jack. I think I will have to write a lot, to capture the wealth of experience it has been so far. 
I wonder about his emotion; it is better to see than to feel is what he has said already several times, followed usually by, 'feeling is seeing with the mind's blind eye; might as well send it off with a wingless pigeon!' 
He seems to be a Jack of all trades, 'if someone else can do it, why can't I,' is what he usually responds when I ask 'since when have you wanted to...’ and ‘how do you plan on teaching yourself? You can fill in the blank with musician, artist, writer, chef, scientist or inventor. 
He seems fond of talking about his latest ideas and inventions. His biggest obstacle is probably settling on one, and not leaving one for the next. I can’t stop imagining how he forms all of his thoughts, because he seems to have told them many times. 

Are you really a doctor?” I asked.
“Some people say that.”
“Why?”
“Because I went to medical school.”
“Did you not finish?” I asked hesitantly.
“I finished.”
“So…?”
“So sometimes I work as a doctor.”
“So doesn’t that make you a doctor?”
“I guess, but I also worked as a baker, construction worker, and a bunch of other things. Either way I just prefer being known as Jack. I mean Dr. Baker Jack Hammer Jack, would be entertaining, but I think also a little weird.”
I laughed, then asked, “why were you working at the bakery?”
“I’ve never really baked before.”
“…So you wanted to learn?”
“Yes, and I always wondered why food I bought tasted better than food I would make. I don’t use recipes and though I like the food I cook, I seem to enjoy food I buy more.”
“Cause you didn’t have to make it?” I suggested.
“That is one thing, but what if it was also an emotional experience?”
“So the store and the people increase the enjoyment?”
“I don’t know, I got sick of sweets before I really could figure out whether a doughnut in the store was better than the same one made at home.”

As somewhat of a disclosure, as Beth suggested, I’ll explain who she is later. Anyway, I think I shouldn’t include anything not interesting. So if my story with Jack seems terribly disjuncted, consider it a favor that I saved you the boredom of reading those in between parts; not that any time with Jack was dull, but there is a sort of tediousness in preserving chronology that doesn’t add to the story. This is a story about Jack anyway, not about me.
Oh, I forgot to mention, before Jack stopping working at the bakery, he left me with a riddle. The first part makes more sense when you know that.
This is the riddle he gave me. 
“On a mountain in China, there is a temple. A man started up the mountain at sunrise, and got to the temple at sunset.
 	He stayed the night, and at sunrise he left the temple. Enjoying his descent down the mountain, he stopped more often to talk with those coming up and enjoy the view. He arrived at the bottom at sunset. Was there any point on the mountain that he was at the same time both days?”
Chapter 2

ALRIGHT, back to the beginning like I promised: I walked up to his apartment floor and knocked on the door. When I first arrived he was much quieter and reserved. I’m glad he felt comfortable enough around me to be himself, or once he figured out why I was there, he figured he would give me something to write about. 
“Christopher is it,” he asked warmly as he opened the door.
“Yes, Mr. Emerson,” I stammered.
“Call me Jack. Would you like to come in?”
“If you don’t mind, I was hoping to borrow some of you time.”
“Borrow away; it’s not mine as far as I am aware.”
I laughed, but I don’t even really know why. It was just funny to be frank with time I guess… as if time would call you out if you were a liar.
“Could I get you something to drink? I’ve got tea, juice or some cold milk,” Jack offered.
“Water is fine, thanks.”
“So what brings you here today?”  Jack said as he got two glasses from the cupboard and filled them.
“I want to know the answer to the riddle.”
“Oh you remembered.”
“Remembered? I couldn’t forget it. I just haunted me. I even asked a few other people. I mean it’s not like the two trains problem in algebra where you simply find where they meet.”
“You’re right it’s not like that problem at all; I didn’t ask you where they meet, only if they did.”
“Well do they?”
“What do you think?”
"Maybe," I answered.
"There had to be."
"But he could have been going so many different speeds the whole time."
"It is easier to imagine, two people at the same time, one walking up and the other walking down, or his shadow walking up the second day while he walked down. They would have to meet somewhere.”
“Wow, I don’t think I ever would have gotten that.”
Jack chuckled, “I did start you off with one of the harder puzzles. But I’ll give you another before you leave today.”
“Oh great! So now when I don’t get this easier one, I will feel dumber?”
“If you don’t want another puzzle that’s fine.”
“Well of course I want another puzzle!”
Jack chuckled again. 
“You are just something else Jack.”
“Like what?”
“I don’t know, how would you describe yourself?" I asked. 
The look said it all. So I clarified, "okay, well if you were writing a book…"
Jack laughed off the question, but I insisted. 
"I do think you would write a fantastic book. I would love to get in your head."
"You'd never make it out alive or sane. That would be like wanting to pet the biggest kitty in the world. Chomp!" he said with his hands as imaginary jaws."
"It can't be as bad as you make it out to be."
"Oh really, easy to say when you haven't been there."
"No matter what you say I'm going to get a story out of you."
"You might."
"So let’s pretend you are writing a story, how would you describe the main character?"
"You cannot describe the main character of a story, the story describes them."
"Alright then, how does your story start?"
"You are persistent I'll give you that!"
"Like… Once upon a time in a fairytale land..."
Jack gave me that look again, "If you were saying that to make me show you how a story should start, you might have done it. If not you should pay attention.”
I smiled in triumph, and Jack began telling the story.

“The night was so dark it couldn’t get darker, but it was somehow, or at least it seemed to be; but then if it was darkening, it wasn’t at it darkest yet. Maybe it was the cold, because when a night is at its darkest, it is also at its coldest. 
I shouldn’t have gone out in the first place, but I had to go; it was that or be alone. 
I dread the walk home, it is almost more sad that I know the way so well I can find it even in the darkest of nights. It is not my home, and that and many other things is why I care so little for being there. 
I feel torn right down the center, and one side regrets that I ever left to the party, the other wishes I would have stayed and found a way to enjoy it without making a fool of myself. So many people and so many opinions! I saw the trains of thought crissing and crossing and crashing everywhere. It was all I could do to stay on top of it, was try to set the stage to what I knew best. They all seemed to be so experienced at these social conventions, so would it really be too much to want a home court advantage?
Though one would think there is a home court advantage in one’s own head, there at the party my mind twisted and bend on itself; no matter what I tried to think, I just felt I was losing the whole time. Everyone else seemed to be fine. Partially that is why I went to the party; if I will lose again anyway, at least someone else can win, or enjoy the prize fight between me and myself. 
I wish someone else was there for that same reason, not that I would wish this on anyone else, but I’d like to know I wasn’t completely alone.
I feel like I’m in grade school again, or maybe I never left. I thought I did, I thought I had graduated from petty insecurities, but there I was again, wanting some perfect stranger to listen to me talk. 
Maybe I’m exaggerating a little, he was not a stranger, in fact, I really was hoping there would be nothing strange between him and I. Maybe he won’t remember how the girl he had barely met, had left early in a pouting hustle. I would like to think no one noticed how I left, but I can’t assume everyone in that room was oblivious, I would have noticed, I always do.
It stresses me out tracking just one person’s emotion, let alone a whole room of them at once. 
I felt so mentally and emotionally exhausted after I left. I don’t know how I can keep legitimizing this yearning to going out; it never satisfies the craving I have for company, or maybe it does and I over think it. 
Me, over thinking something? Ha! I’d laugh, but it really isn’t funny at all. I feel broken; like a train barreling of control.
My house is just around the corner, but I’m not ready to be home. I spotted a little patch of grass the other day and told myself that would be a good spot to lay and look at the stars; that was summer and now November has already begun. 
I don’t even care, I’m laying right here right now. If someone walks by and sees a girl shivering uncontrollably in the grass on a dark night, there might be drama, but I really don’t care. 
I couldn’t even see the stars because I was shaking so furiously. I closed my eyes and just let myself sink; I felt myself falling and falling, and I really thought I had fallen out of life, but then as I opened my eyes I saw the stars brighter than I ever remember them. There they were happily staring back at me. 
It was beautiful. I took a deep breath of new life; it was a lot colder that I was expecting, and suddenly I started shaking furiously again from the chills. I quickly ran inside, but the image of the stars stayed with me.”

"Who is the girl?" I asked Jack when he stopped.
"That's what I'm trying to explain."
"Yes, but what's her name? 
Jack just stared blankly back at me. 
"Please..." I pleaded. "She needs a name." 
"I'm just telling a story not inventing characters."
"Exactly! The character is you…"
"Could be," he interjected.
"hmmm... So instead of Jack we’ll call her Jacky." 
"You can call her whatever you want. I however will not call her Jacky."
"Jacky Roberts! Oh and why is Jacky so sad?"
"Why do you assume she's sad?"
"What?" I asked confused.
“I am not describing her situation, I am describing how she would describe it." 
He could tell I was lost, so he explained, "a person can write sad things and not be sad, a person can say happy things and not be happy. Only you know what you feel."
"So she's really a happy person pretending to be incredibly sad?"
"No, she's just a person. Every moment we have a new canvas in our mind to paint the picture of our soul. There are no strokes permanently there.”

“If in one moment a person can be happy, and the next sad, when are they doing better or doing worse? What is it that is actually changing?” I asked.
 	“Happiness cannot be the cause of its self, or can it?”
 	“Seeing someone else happy makes me happy.”
 	“But that is not you own happiness creating itself. That is you stepping outside of yourself to share happiness with someone else. So then you might ask about good fortune? That brings happiness right?” Jack asked.
 	“I want to say yes but I'm hesitating.”
 	“There's not an answer I'm looking for. I don't even know how I would answer it yet myself.”
 	“Okay let’s say I find a dollar on the ground, I would feel happy about it. But then again, maybe it’s the hope in fortune that inspires.”
“I think you’re right; what gets better or maybe stronger, is our foundation that hope is built on.”



Since I already told about the rest of my visit that day with Jack first, I’ll just add in the riddle he left me with.
 “A homeless man discovered by collecting cigarette butts, with seven of them he could make one whole cigarette. He collected forty-nine cigarette butts one Sunday afternoon and smoked them all that day, how many did he smoke?”
“That seems too easy,” I replied thinking out loud.
“How something seems could have absolutely nothing to do with how it actually is.”
“It also could have everything to do with it.”
“I think in this case, you should just wait to give me your answer next week.”
Chapter 3

“I’m glad you told me to wait to give you my answer,” I told Jack after we had said hello and taken our seats in the living room.
“So what did you come up with?”
“Eight cigarettes,” I replied.
His expression didn’t change at all, which made me second guess myself. 
“How’d you get eight?” he asked.
“Well, with the forty-nine butts he could make seven cigarettes, and then after he smoked those, he could make one more, and smoke it.”
Still Jack’s expression didn’t change. I gave him a questioning look so he said, “How sure are you?”
“Pretty sure, why? What’s the answer?”
“I didn’t ask how many whole cigarettes he smoked.”
“What?!”
“That’s why I ask my own questions, it’s no good playing someone else’s game,” he said and laughed. “I’m kidding, the answer was really eight. I was just messing with you to see how you took it.  Seriously though, I do prefer finding my own questions.”
I laughed too, “That was pretty funny, you really had me going. I’m just glad I’m not getting a grade from this class.”
“That shouldn’t change anything.”
“It has taken me a while, but I have figured out how to give teachers or bosses the answers they want, regardless of what I really believe,” I told him.
“That is a good skill to have, I’ve just been obstinate my whole life,” he chuckled. 
I bet he really wasn’t kidding. 
He continued, “serious now, you will find, there are two types of questions; ones with answers you can check, and questions that you can’t. There are also two types of questions that don’t have answers to check; questions people have asked before, and questions nobody has ever asked. The latter are the best.”

“Could you tell me more about Jacky Roberts?” I asked changing the topic.
“You just won't leave that alone will you?”
“I want to know what happens to her.”
“So do I.”
“Alright.”
“Alright what?
“We both want to hear the story.”
“I don't know.”
“Come on,” I urged.
“How about you beat me in chess and then we'll see about a story.”
“Oh great..." I groaned.”
“What?”
“I'm not going to win.”
“What do you say that?” he asked.
“I have learned never to bet people that want to bet. I'm not the type of person that goes around looking for a fight, but I have seen how fighting someone that wants to fight is usually a bad idea.”
“Sounds like there's a story there.”
A very short story. A guy came to a party and wanted to fight someone. A friend of a friend thought he was tuff. It was terrible to watch, but worse to listen to. I've crashed snow skiing pretty hard, and I know the body doesn't like to make those sort of sounds. End of story.”
“Interesting,” he said and seemed to be analyzing me. 
“What do you see?" I asked and smiled.
“I think you could beat me in chess.”
“How do you see that?”
“In your story you weren't the one getting beaten.”
“That's cause I wasn't the one fighting," Jack just nodded his head. "I don't even know anyone good at chess I could bring to help me."
"You’re not even going to give it a try? I could be bluffing you know."
He wasn't bluffing. He wasn't bluffing at all. Somehow I said yes to a second game... Probably because the first one ended before I knew it started.

“I said you had to beat me to get a story, but I could give you a little preview.”
“I knew you wanted to continue the story.”

Jack began, “I tried as hard as I could to keep that image of the stars at the forefront of my mind. I hoped it would etch it’s anthem into the walls of my mind, and resonate in my heart. 
I became obsessed; I felt if the image faded, so would my hope. I imagined myself painting a beautiful picture that would not only keep the dream alive for me, but possibly inspire the whole world. The starry night before the beautiful sunrise. 
I would paint just the golden stars in their majestic array on a pitch black background. No figures, no landscape, how hard could it be?
…Hard.
The walk to the store, the money spent on paints, and the emotion invested, all seemed to be a waste.”

Jack just stopped there. He seemed to enjoy the anguish that I wanted to hear what happen next. I dreaded to not only have to wait till next week, but that was only if I figured out how to beat him.
“I will give you another puzzle though,” he said rubbing it in that he knew what I was thinking. 
“Alright, let’s hear it,” I grumbled.
“What word could you put in front of the five words to make five new words?
Vice, Body, Table, Where and Mad.
Chapter 4

After typing out the conversation from my second trip to see Jack, I did a lot of thinking about how I could beat him in chess. I think I figured out a way. 

The next visit I showed up at his door with two chess boards in hand.
"You've come back for more I see."
"I'm doing it for Jacky."
He just laughed, "Well come in, I'll go see if I can find her."
Committed to his witticism he went to the kitchen, his bedroom, and the bathroom, and called out for Jacky. Meanwhile I set up the two mismatched chess boards on the table next to his.
"I can't find her," he said and grinned very suspiciously seeing the three boards lined up on the table.
"What?” I asked.
“I think three games at the same time could be pretty hard. Very mentally taxing.”
I nodded and we both made our first moves. He started by pushing his king’s pawn forward two squares. I countered with the one I remember him playing the first game last week.  I pushed the king’s pawn forward two squares. 
We moved to the next board where he was white, and he made the same move as the first board which I hoped he might. I continued to copy whatever move he did on the first board on the third board. 
I could tell he was thinking very hard. He was perfectly matched by his own skill, because he was basically playing himself. 
I had to go out of order, by moving back to the second board to begin the second round, so I could figure out what move to make on the first board. I tried to be casual about it. We played through all three games and just like I planned, I won the game on the third board! 
He shook my hand and congratulated me. I guess you’re going to get a story out of me after all.

Jack began, “why is it that excitement always leads me to discouragement? 
I was at another get together, and instead of trying to take center stage, I kept telling myself I might find something intriguing on the floor... Well I did! It was an empty reflection of a girl with a troubled mind, and no happy medium. 
I think either my brain speeds out of control, or my senses are lagging far behind my interpretation. 
Speeding or heightening my sense experience, was by far worse than numbing my mind. Then again, only in some ways, but either is not a state I could ever adapt permanently. 
Mom would always say to pick your battles… 
I don’t even know what happens, I tell myself being right doesn’t matter, but then when the situation arises, there I am proving my point. 
Jokes on me, someone who is usually right is also usually alone. 
Maybe I’m not even usually right, maybe I am just good at proving my point to myself… 
I just feel like I have so many important things to say, or maybe I just want to say important things. Anything said is more important if someone else listens… right?
Okay, that’s the root! I don’t feel important. 
I think I come to conclusions like this often, and I don’t know where they go, I just forget about them. 
I need to figure out how I can feel important. 
I feel like I’m paddling out into the ocean. The waves and the spray distract and block my view, and I never know how far I have gone; it’s frustrating. I should just stop looking for signposts, and just keep moving forward.
If what I am thinking is important, regardless of whether someone hears it, maybe I should write it down. 
I will chart where I am going as I write, and that will help me see how far I have come. I will try to make progress, and hopefully the evidence I write of my progress, will keep me from moving backwards.
First thing I don’t want to turn back on is, the epiphany: that anything important is important, whether anyone hears it or not. 
Second, hmmm, feeling important is a real struggle for me, but not more real than my capacity not to let it be. 
Every time I feel motivated and excited, there is this looming fear that it is just my lucky rabbit’s foot. That I just want things to be different, but I am fighting my own DNA. A fish can’t climb a tree. 
If so many other things in my body work right, I can hear, I can see, walk and chew gum at the same time. 
My dad would say walking and chewing gum is difficult for some. He was just being witty I suppose, but I’d like to think there is nothing wrong with me. 
Why then, does it seem my brain is on fire sometimes?”

Of course Jack ended the story in a question. Then added to it by giving me a puzzle as well.
“With a balance and four weights, I can measure any weight between one and forty pounds with a one pound accuracy. What are those four weights?”

I forgot to mention it earlier, but the answer to the last one by the way, was ‘no.’ Novice, Nobody etc.
As I was getting ready to leave he put his hand on my shoulder, “oh and I’d like a second try at the three boards at one time, I’m going to practice while you’re gone, so that I’m ready for next week.”
“Alright, I’ll bring them again. 



I realized after thinking about his last comment, that he could have easily beat me on all three boards, and it wasn’t that he really found playing his best self, entertaining. Mostly that I thought I was clever, or deep down he wanted to continue telling Jacky’s story and gave me a break.
Chapter 5

I actually thought I had pulled a quick one on him until on the walk home when I realized he knew. I figured he was probably going to teach me a lesson and make different moves. So I did what I thought was very clever, I scrambled to find even more chess sets, (in a college setting it’s a little harder to come by.) I did it though. 
I arrived with eight chess sets to set up next to his that week. 
With all nine boards set up… which took a while, he proceeded to make a completely different move on each board, checkmating me with a different combination of two pieces on each board. 
“So you knew what I was up to last time?” I sheepishly admitted.
“Oh yeah, but I wanted to see when you would see that I saw.”
“On the walk home last week…”
“I know,” he said and smiled.
“Sorry for thinking you would fall for it.”
“If I was offended I would have ask you to leave.”
“Oh, well I’m still sorry.”
“Don’t worry yourself.”
“I just really wanted you to tell more of your story.”
“Wanted or want?”
“Would you?”
“I told you I would go crazy writing a book, but I never said I’d go crazy telling a story.”
I got so excited. I know he could tell, because he smiled with one of those happy laughs that accompanies real emotion.
“Oh and the answer to last week’s puzzle was: 1, 3, 9 and 27lbs.”
Jack leaned forward in his chair, and began telling the story.

“I know I have written about this many times before, but I had that dream again; the one with the little redheaded boy with freckles. 
Just as always, it was different again this time. The last time I was a bird, this time I saw the same dream through the eyes of a teacher on recess duty.
I knew who the little red headed boy was, because I had seen the dream so many times over, but I knew that no one else did because he was new to that school. 
The boy looked to be seven, or maybe just barely eight years old. With a quiet confidence and genuine friendliness on his freckled face, he approached where some slightly older boys were playing tetherball. 
He didn’t want to interrupt, but once the game was over, he mustered the courage (that seemed to fade as he waited) and asked, “Can I play?”
The two oldest boys who were the ones on the court stopped and turned slowly to him. With a look of disgust, “I don’t know, can you?” one of them patronizingly replied.
The little boy stood there not knowing whether the question was rhetorical or not. In the internal struggle, the optimism seemed to be winning, but frozen by uncertainly. The others all just stood there and stared at each other, as if waiting for a punch line. 
Almost in unison the two older boys rolled their eyes and laughed. The hope like sand in his carefully cupped hands, flew up with a big gust of wind into his face and settled on the asphalt. Like tombstones, the four stairs out and away from the blacktop, he knew he would never go back down. 
He turned and walked away up the stairs, and continued toward the swings. This time as I watched through the eyes of the teacher, I knew I could do something. 
My first instinct was to take those two boys by their ears and drag them to the principal, or worst. However, I couldn’t take my focus off the little boy enough to worry what to do about them.
 I hurried and caught up to the boy. 
“Hey,” I said in the most friendly tone I could get out. The little boy stopped and turned. I could tell he was trying to hold back the tears. 
“The playground is for everyone. Those boys don’t own it. I’ll make sure you get a turn, I’m bet you’re really good at it.”
All he could do is shake his head, while looking at the ground. I crouched as low as I could so that I was looking up to him. 
“Hey, don’t worry about them. Some people don’t learn how to share until they get older. Some don’t ever learn,” I said and laughed. 
He tried to smile, but his eyes still expressed the fear and sadness he felt. 
“We could find something else fun to do,” I offered
He just shrugged his shoulders. 
“Do you want me to push you on the swings?” he shook his head. 
“You okay?” I asked and he nodded.
“Alright, well if you ever need anything just let me know,” I told him and he nodded again. 
I stood up and watched as he turned, then surveyed the playground slowly; there were children playing everywhere. He sighed and walked over to a big oak tree and sat down against it with his knees at his chest, and pulled the hood of his sweatshirt over his head. 
Every time, the dream ended roughly the same; whether I was the bird, a little girl, or the teacher. I was never the little boy or either of the older two. 
I played out scenarios in my mind of what I could have done different, or what I would do after, but it was that small window of chance my dreams ever allowed. 
What did the dream mean? Was I supposed to be a school teacher and fight against bullies, or was I going to meet this boy later, and somehow help to undo the damage? My mind raced as I tried to reconcile it all together. 
There was nothing in that moment I felt I could do. It wasn’t a matter I could solve in a day. Mentally tired and irritated, it’s about noon now, but still nothing seems better than going to sleep. And hopefully taking a second shot at a redo on the dream, or better, tackling the next part of the dream.

I did fall asleep, and did start to dream, but not that one, or anything like it… or so I thought. Slipping out of consciousness, I found myself underwater, but not frightened. 
I knew I could hold my breath for quite a while, I looked up and saw the bright frontier of the top of the water, it wasn’t too far away. 
I looked around under the water for a few seconds, but it wasn’t until I tried to swim up, that I realized I didn’t have legs. 
Wiggling as best I could, I started towards the surface. I didn’t feel I needed air yet, but just in case, I swam up anyway. 
I finally got my mouth out of the water, and I took a deep breath. I felt all of my neck muscles tense as I opened the gills I wasn’t aware I had. 
I felt the water rush through my mouth, I panicked and choked. My heart rate rose as I frantically tried to get my head farther out of water, but it was no use. 
Finally exhausted, I slipped all the way back into the water and continued to sink. I held my breath waiting for the end.
When you’re a fish it’s not like dreaming you’re a bear, where you can see your paws, it’s quite different. Not so much unyielding to reality, but not fathoming the impossible actuality, I hadn’t concluded I was a fish. I began to feel myself start fading. In the panic I still held my breath. 
Everything became bright as I started to pass out. 
In that moment I let go, instinctively gasp for air. To my surprise I didn’t die, and everything came back into focus. 
Still unsettle, I slowly breathed in and out. 
Swimming was awkward at first; I tried to relax and just started simple. I did work my way up; soon I was zipping through the water. 
I had never fished before, and so I don’t know what kind of fish I was. 
Also though now I’m sure there were, I didn’t think about the possible bigger fish that could’ve eaten me. 
Luckily, I happened toward two big brown pillars, where fish I assume similar to me were swimming around. 
I heard a soft splash, and then saw something very small glimmering through the water.  The object suspended itself at my same level. The other fish swam haphazardly around me. They all moved closer to smell it. It didn’t have a smell, but as I got closer I noticed its shape - It was a hook!
The hook suddenly vanished and then after hearing another splash, I felt something graze me from behind. I lunged forward, and as I did, all of the other fish turned to see what my commotion was about. 
I was trying to get out of the way, but had moved in the same direction as the hook, which was moving. I was terrified, but to the others, it looked like I was trying to eat the hook. Just as fast as I lunged forward to get out of the way, a fish beside me lunged forward and ate the hook.
The fish panicked and tried to swim down, but to no avail. He was pulled out of the water. It wasn’t more than a few seconds of suspense, before there was a much bigger splash, and the fish was back, swimming around as if nothing happened. Almost the same exact thing was repeated with the same result time after time. It seemed every fish had their turn and some even had two.
Now I was curious! Couldn’t be that bad obviously, was my conclusion. I watched behind myself, and as soon as I saw the hook, I swam over and bit it. 
My adrenaline flowed like it never had before. Though I tried to swim, I was pulled right out of the water. 
Hanging there in midair, I saw a huge hand coming toward me, brushing over my face and I felt the hand grasp my back. 
It was in that moment that I saw who the fisherman was - it was that little red haired boy. 
I noticed his expression turn from happy to worried, then I heard him speak. “Oh… little fishy you really shouldn’t have bitten it like that. How am I supposed to get it out now? I hope this doesn’t hurt, but it might. Sorry about this. 
He reached his fingers in the side of my mouth, and seemed to be struggling for quite a long time. I didn’t feel any pain, but I started to get a little light headed. 
As he pulled his fingers out of my mouth, I noticed that they were bloody. Whether it was his or mine I don’t know. 
He knelt down and gently put me back in the water. I swam down and still felt no pain, so I turned to look up to see if I could see him. I couldn’t see much, but there was some movement, and then there was none. The hook didn’t come back either. 

It was more than a few moments till I realized that Jack had stopped telling the story. I was caught up trying to figure out why she the fish in Jack’s dream? It sounded too real to be a dream. 
“What does the dream mean?” I finally asked.
“What does it mean to you?”
“I don’t know, I really don’t know anything about fishing.”
“I don’t know that it has to have a meaning, I was just trying to explain the character. One interesting thing though, do you think many people fish with only a bare hook.”
“No…”
“That little boy figured out how to make it work.”
“That could be dangerous.” 
“If he was dangerous, it would be,” Jack replied.
“He did seem nice. So why did you say you were explaining the character?”
“To know any character, that character has to tell a story.”
“Every character?”
“Yes.”
“That could go on forever.”
“It doesn't have to. Like in the book civilization, just a facial expression is enough for them to tell their story, 
“I’m not familiar with that one.”
"The king couldn't hide his contempt when he took the thrown. It was all he ever thought he wanted. The sheer fact that the enjoyment of this crowning moment was somehow being robbed of him, he hated the temple knights even more. That moment he vowed in his heart to kill every last one, and each impulse to reject that vow, was countered a dozen-fold, bolstered by his pride.”
“I've never heard of that book.”
“You haven't?”
“No, I mean I don't read a lot, but I’ve never heard it mentioned.”
“Hmmm... Well you should know it. It will be the greatest book ever written,” he said seriously and then laughed.
“Wait, is it the one you’re writing?”
“Yes, but I don't know when, if ever, it will be completed.”
“Why?” I asked intrigued.
“One, I want to fit everything in my mind into one book. And two, I am rewriting the beginning of mankind until roughly the downfall of Mesopotamia.”
“You would go for something that comprehensive.”
“I'm just going to write a few thousand years of history of an alternate primitive civilization.”
“Yeah... Well, I'll definitely read it.”
“Anyway, back to the point I was making - a look or a sigh can tell a whole story. It’s what they tell about themselves, not what anyone else can tell about them that matters. How else could you know a person, than to see what comes out of their heart and out of their mind?”
	I had to flash through my mind the books I liked, and check whether they did that or not. They seemed to. “Oh, wow. I guess all of the stories I like have that in common.”
“Can I read what you have so far of the Civilization story?”
“Oh I haven't actually gotten that far yet?”
“But you already wrote about the king. Where in the story is he?”
“I don't know?”
“What? Do you just write different parts of the story in random order?”
“Yes... But I haven't written about the king yet.”
“So you just made that up?”
“Yes, but I like it, so I think I will keep it.”

“Wait, back to the other story you were telling; about the boy in Jenny’s dream. What’s the boy’s name?”
“Why does everyone need a name?”
“You can’t just keep introducing characters and not give them names.”
“But it’s my story.”
“Please…”
“Oh great, let’s see what you come up with.”
“Mikey.”
“Oh yes, little Mikey,” he said sarcastically.
“Why do you hate names so much?”
“If a person isn’t real, they don’t need a name.”
“But I love Jacky Roberts… and Mikey.”
“You don’t even know her or less him.”
“But I’m rooting for them to win.”
“Win what?”
“I don’t know, just win.”
“So how will you know when they’ve won?”
“I don’t know, but I hope they do.” 
To that Jack laughed. 
“I think you should write a book,” Jack said, which made me laugh. “And you can write in a million characters, all with their own names.”
“Well if I were writing two thousand years of fictional history, I would have to.” 
“You should!”
“I don’t know enough about history to even know where to start. I have only heard of Mesopotamia, I have no idea where it even is.”
“You could learn it if you wanted…”
“I don’t think I want to know history enough right now, someday probably.”
“Once you repeat it?”
“Repeat what?”
“History.”
“Do you think if we don’t know history we will repeat it?” I asked.
“Knowing it won’t make a difference, understanding it is the only way out of not repeating it.”
“Hmmm… okay, maybe I’ll ease into it.”
“So what would you write about if you did?”
“… probably about a zombie apocalypse.”
“You would.”
“Thanks… I think?”
“Yes, I’m sure it will be great. And you will probably finish before me.”
“Are you trying to make this a race?” I asked.
“You think you could beat me?” Jack challenged.
“Mine would be a lot easier story to write…” 
“So then you’ll make it a trilogy? Just to keep things even?”
“Alright. Race on!”
“Ha! The beginning and the end of the world,” Jack noticed.
“Now we just need someone to write the whole middle part,” to that we both laughed.
I suddenly remembered a question about Jacky’s story, so I asked, “Did Jacky’s dream about the boy on the playground ever change?”
“No, but she did.”
“How so?”
“Her reoccurring dream about the elementary school playground, and the little red haired freckled boy; though details with time began to vanish, she would often hear him ask, "can I play?" to which the response was, " I don't know, can you?"
Each time her heart would break as she watched the gentle smile on the small boys face turn to confusion and then sadness. Feeling it first only as a dream, later she decided to write him out of his metaphorical hole. 
She wrote and rewrote it a few times. First she called it ‘The Turning Point,’ then ‘The Dawn of Awakening.’ She wanted to look at it as a positive thing, but it felt so negative. It was more of an unsettling perceived danger than an actual physical pain, but either way it was real. 
Our thoughts can torture us more than another person can. People can do terrible and hurtful things, but our mind is our refuge or our hell, either way it is ours.”




That was and interesting thought to end our visit on.

Before I left he gave me another puzzle:
There are a thousand coins on a table and only ten are face up, you are blindfolded and wearing gloves. You can move or flip them. The task is to my two piles with an equal number of heads up.
Chapter 6

I was at the diner down the street from my apartment, and the waitress noticed the notes I was making. She saw the title ‘Jack Emerson.’
 	"You writing the diary of a tortured mind?" she asked.
 	“No… wait, do you know Jack Emerson?"
 	"Do I know Jack?" she laughed. "I feel like I could say I do. He's not a very simple person though, so there’s always more to know."
 	"That's why I'm writing about him."
 	"Are you a writer?" she asked.
 	"I don't know you tell me?" I said and handed her the first page. 
She scanned it and handed it back. "Nope," she said and laughed. 
“Just kidding. But I really wouldn't start out with you trying to describe Jack, no one can. Just start with him telling one of his stories."
 	"So you've heard his stories?"
 	"Oh he's got a story for everything, and if he doesn't, he'll just make one up on the spot."
 “It sounds like you do know Jack then."
 	"As I get to know Jack better, I start to question whether I really ‘know’ anyone, or whether I just know things about people. Not that Jack is mysterious, but he isn’t just trying to keep up an image, he is Jack Emerson, and that could mean anything. Some people are content with portraying one simple image, but not Jack.”
 “You’re so right; I think for much of my life, most people would just describe me simply as a ski bum.”
 “And not that anyone with a simple image can’t still have surprises about them, but Jack really shows how someone can always be full of surprises. He doesn’t do it to shock either. It’s not like he is always looking for new things to impress people, he does come across that way sometimes though. 
Oh Jack, he's a really good guy, and enjoys life in all its diverse beauties. I don't know how well you know him yet, but one interesting thing that I learned about him, is he talks when he's anxious or excited, unlike most, which get quiet when anxiety hits. 
It took me a while to figure out the subtle difference. I still think I guess wrong half the time, but it was really good when I found that out, because otherwise you will think he just likes to hear himself talk... Which I think on occasion he does, but he cares more about the person he's talking to, than what he is talking about. 
He really does have a big heart under a brilliant but slightly backwards wired head. You got to love him for it. I was offended a few times a while ago, but now I really enjoy his company.”
“What do you think makes Jack anxious?"
 	"You'd never know it, but he'll tell you just about anything does."
 	"He seems so confident though."
 	"He is, that's the weird thing. He deals with his anxiety by mustering confidence, with a side effect being he starts talking a lot, it’s not too hard to get him to calm though. I think that’s the subtle difference, when he is anxious it is a little harder to get him to stop talking."
 	"I'm trying to imagine what would make Jack nervous, I can't think of anything.
 	"The mind is a powerful thing; you can elevate or torture yourself. Imagine if you could hear what everyone in this room was thinking?"
 	"That would be a lot going on."
 	"Well, Jack thinks he can."
 “I wouldn't put it passed him."
 	"I wouldn't either to a certain extent, but how he attempts it is the torturous part. He tries to think up all of the plausible things a person could think or might do, and then weighs the probabilities factoring in all the details that could play a role. 
And a plausible thought, well at least to him, is that people think he's crazy, or people think he's arrogant. So he goes about trying to disprove thoughts people most likely don't have.
Let’s just put it this way, he’s a lot more comfortable talking one on one.  He can talk about anything and with anyone, he just doesn’t like big group situations. He says some people smoke because they don’t know what to do with their hands; he gets anxious, because he doesn’t know what to do with his mind.”
 Luckily the diner was virtually empty, so Beth and I were free to talk. I was so interested to learn more about her, she was so friendly and smart. There seemed to be just as much mystery and intrigue in her life story as in Jack’s. 
I wonder if I am just looking at everyone different now that I have met Jack. 
“If you want a good story Chris, ask Jack what you get with one bullfrog and three treble hooks,” she laughed just thinking about it.
“Alright I will. Thank you so much for your help. I’ll probably be in here and bother you again.”
“Bother all you want. Oh an also ask him what the biggest bubble gum bubble he’s ever blown is.”
Chapter 7

 A few days after meeting Beth at the diner was my weekly visit with Jack. I didn’t dare bring a chess board. He had some tea ready and I started my recorder.
“So we’re not wasting any time I see?”
“I don’t want to miss anything.”
“Well alright then, what’s the first question?”
I tried to ask it with a straight face but I couldn’t, “What do you get with one bull frog and three treble hooks?”
“A bloody mess! But more of a screaming circus,” he said and laughed. “Who told you to ask about that?”
“Beth told me there was a good story behind it.”
“It started with my sister and I fishing on the dock of our neighbor’s pond. Beth has heard both sides of the story from me and her mom.”
“I didn’t know she was your niece.”
“Yes she is. I remember her when she was just a baby.”
“Why would your sister’s side of the story be different?”
“Because there was a lot going on, and only one thing we were both paying attention too.”
“I like where this is going.”
“You have to know one thing about my sister; regardless of the circumstance, what she may or may not lack in practice, she makes up in competitive spirit. I spend hours and hours fishing, especially from the dock. I found that with two hooks, I could catch one fish and then while that fish was swimming around, I could get another fish on the other hook. 
I quickly moved on to three hooks which was even more entertaining. I showed my older sister.  She wasn’t as interested with the idea of three fish on one line as she was with a big bullfrog she saw sitting in the water. 
“Let me see that pole, I’m going to catch that frog.”
I hadn’t seen her touch a fishing pole in a long time so I was impressed to see how well she handled it, first cast was perfectly placed. She quickly caught it and reeled it in. She then handed the pole to me so she could unhook the frog. 
She got ahold of the frog and started to pull out the hook… and then that frog did what frogs do, he jumped. 
Right out of her hands with the treble hooks following him. I heard her scream as the hook sank into her hand. I rushed to grab the frog to help her, all I remember next is feeling searing pain in my hand, and hearing my sister holler as I watched that stupid frog jump on the dock. 
We finally got the frog off and the hooks out of our hands. I don’t think I used treble hooks very much after that. I remember thinking I ought to be careful with all of those hooks, but I didn’t imagine the complex game of three-way tug-of-war that we would all lose.”
“That is a good story! So I’m assuming you are Mikey in Jacky’s dream?”
“I would have to be every character in any story I tell. Where could the characters come than from my heart, or my mind?”
“Oh, well that does make sense.” 
“Every person, could group different similar parts of their personality, into various more simple characters; those groups could also be broken down into different smaller groups or characters.”
“I better hurry up with writing my zombie story, so I see what characters come out of me.”
“I agree, and I think you should also get to know Beth better, she is a very good person, and so interesting,” Jack suggested.
“She said the same about you.”
“If solitary is nice and crazy is interesting then I would agree with both, but as far as sincerity, tenderness and depth of character, she is the paragon.”
“I agree with the second part, she is a great person, I still don’t think a crazy person thinks they are crazy. In fact, I think that’s the definition of crazy, that they think they are normal.”
“What else did you and Beth talk about?”
“She told me to ask what the biggest bubble gum bubble you’ve ever blown is?”
He laughed, “Well, about this big.” He held his hands to his face and made a circle the size of his head.”
“So I’m guessing you got gum in your hair when it popped?”
“That was the least of my worries. I was making a getaway on my sister’s bicycle when the legendary bubble was blown, which blew up in my face… covering my eyes… and my mouth! 
Frantic for air, and not able to see where I was going I crashed the bicycle.”
“How old were you?”
“I had to be about six or seven. I don’t remember it perfectly, I’m sure I hit my head.”
We both laughed and he shook his head. 
“Is there a chance you would tell more about Jacky?”
“hmmm… I won’t call her Jacky but yes.”
“Ahhh I’m excited!”

Jack went right into story mode. 

“The lady I had talked to a few times before, again sat across the aisle from me on the bus. She was quiet today, in a troubled sort of seriousness. 
I could see the wheels turning in her head; the mental sweating didn't seem to be greasing the wheels. She was trying to muster up the resolve to make a decision; well, that is my only guess. What though? 
I waited and waited in silence to see if the resolve would build up to a tipping point, but it didn't. Finally I asked, "what are you thinking about?" 
She paused, "just the things I have to do today," was her response. 
A list of errands perhaps, but it wasn't a minute later till she picked up a piece of paper and started writing a letter. What exactly for was uncertain, but it was an apology, that I could tell. 
I sat there considering that event with my friend from the bus for quite a while. It wasn't till tonight though, now that I am writing in my journal that it makes more sense. I have just written what she had said, "just the things I ‘have’ to do..." than it clicked. 
Once she admitted they were things she ‘had’ to do, she stopped wishing there was an option, and just acted.
I have of late accustomed myself to asking others what they were thinking. Simple responses where usually what resulted, but I sense, that despite the awkwardness, there was still a suppressed sense of appreciation that I cared about what they thought. 
A consequent questioning however of the motives behind the curiosity usually followed my question. It wasn’t until tonight that I questioned my own motives in a different way. 
Was it because I wanted others to care what I thought? Or was it simply a psychological survey? Either way, there was a definite hesitancy, and my suspicions were added to, by why they never seemed to then ask me in return what I was thinking. 
Is there a social bound I pass in asking? Or am I the doctor pushing on a broken bone?
If I wasn’t myself, but knowing myself well, I would guess I did it as a psychological survey. 
I don’t feel like my motives are wrong, I really want to know, because I care. I feel that what someone says, has more meaning if you know what they really think or really feel. 
I think as a whole we all are too scared to say what we really think, or how we truly feel. Of course always being trapped in my own head, I have thought about this before; it also wasn’t the first experiment that could be looked at as a psychological survey. 
A friend from a foreign country was learning English, and she told me that people would ask how she was as they were passing by, but before she could form the right words they were gone. 
I too have felt this way; it was just different to hear it from a guest to our country that had only been here a few days. It is obviously a problem, and not one anybody could fix over night, but I figure I can at least try to understand it a little better. 
My goal was to care more about what other’s said, pay closer attention and ask questions about what they say. This is a challenge for me, due to social anxiety and just plain social awkwardness.
What I found out so far is: If you care about what someone says, they will start saying things you care about. 
Society instills in us, the mentality of conditioned responses. We ready a response with what we are familiar with, and go to limitless ends to keep conversation there, consciously and subconsciously of course. 
Sometimes I wonder how free we are from the captivity of our lack of creativity. It’s not as if every word or question is a pass or fail. I don’t think there is a such a thing as a safe response either. 
A politically correct response maybe could exist, but then again, we have to ask ourselves, ‘safe, from what? ‘Good, for what?’ ‘Right, for what?’ ‘Acceptable to whom?’ I think the idea of politically correct, was just a scam to make people think there was some other way to look at things other than either being true, or a lie. 
It’s been a few months now since that night when I laid down and looked at the stars. I don’t know what it did to me, I still feel crazy, anxious and awkward. I’m also still not sure what to think about my little ‘psychological surveys,’ but I feel like I’m getting somewhere.
Why do I always have epiphanies when I am writing? I just realized, probably the best person I could do a psychology experiment on, would be myself, because then I would know the effects. 
I want to see what the full weight of distraction and convenience does in my life. This ought to be fun!


Jack stopped speaking. I wanted to hear more, 
“Wait, that’s just it?”
“For today.”
Can’t you just tell a little bit more about Jacky? I want to know what distraction and convenience do,” I pleaded.
“So would I. All I know is the full weight of distraction and convenience, I never realize until I find that it has once again made a fool of me. And even then, I don’t really know why or how, all I know is it got the best of me again,” Jack said shaking his head.
“You don’t seem like you get distracted very much, or lean to convenience.”
Jack laughed, “It’s not something anyone grows out of with time. Even though I have been around for a while, doesn’t mean I am immune to any distractions or temptations.”
“Well I don’t know, you seem a lot more mature than me, or most people I know,” I told him.
“Do you know why I like chess?” Jack asked.
“No, why?”
“To win, you force the opponent’s hand until you get them where you want them. I sacrifice a pawn or even a queen, and number of moves later, there’s nothing you can do to stop a checkmate. At a certain point everything seems fine, but there might no longer be any combination of moves that will save you from losing.”
“That’s… an interesting way to look at it.”
“You don’t like to manipulate others?”
“…No.”
“I’m just kidding! Me neither. I don’t like being manipulated, and I also don’t like anyone getting manipulated. That’s why I try to figure out how it works.”
“…and?”
“The famous chess champion Paul Morphy, would tell his opponent as some point in the game, in how many moves, and where they would be checkmated. I don’t know if they didn’t believe him or didn’t care, but he was always right.”
“Wow, that’s impressive.”
“It was, but I think life is similar, and we all can see pretty well how other’s opponents are trying to check them. The man down the hall who drinks more and more every day, will be continue to be checked by his kidneys on one side and the liver on the other and then mated in a few more moves. 
The lady across the hall will be checked repeated by her husband who will very likely never change. Her friend that comes over will be checked by a different guy every week until she has lost all her pawns and eventually emotionally at a stalemate with reality.”
I saw tears welling up in Jack’s eyes, his voice cracked as he trying to keep his lip from shaking, “And there’s nothing I can do…”
I didn’t know what to do or say. Sitting across the coffee table from him, I didn’t know how to give him a hug without it being awkward, so I just sat there solemnly, all I could say was, “its okay.”
He nodded. It was a minute or two before he kind of shook it off and with a forced laugh, “well how about we end on a happy note; what do you say for your next visit we visit some of my neighbors?”
“That would be great!” We both stood up and shook hands to say goodbye.
“I can’t believe you didn’t want the answer to the riddle, or did you figure it out on you own?”
“I didn’t actually. I completely forgot to ask you. So how can you make two piles with the same number of coins facing heads up?”
“Set apart a pile of ten coins, and then flip them all over.”
It took me a while to make sense of how that would work, but if there was only one heads up in the pile of ten, then there would be nine in the other pile, so then flipping them over there would be nine in both.
“Does that make sense?”
“Yeah, I just had to think it through.”
“You want another puzzle?”
“Of course.”
“Okay, what is a formula that will tell me how many rounds of a single elimination tournament there will be, only knowing how many people there are?”
Chapter 8

“Did you figure out the equation?”
“I didn’t,” I replied looking at the floor.
“It was a pretty hard one. Depends on how far you have gone in math, it’s possible either way, but easier if you know.”
“So what’s the answer?”
“I’m half tempted to not spoil it for you, and let you figure it out on your own.”
“Oh please don’t, it already tortured me enough this week.”
“What is enough?”
“I feel like this is a trap… Okay, well I tried enough to really just want to know the answer without having to try anymore.”
“I think that response just made my want to give you the answer.”
“Yes!”
“The formula doesn’t mean much unless you already understand the math behind it, so I’ll write it out. It’s the Number of people divided by 2, subtract from that, the number of people divided by two squared, then add the number of people divided by two cubed, then subtract the number of people divided by two to the fourth power and so on.”
“Yep! I never would have got that one.”
Jack chuckled.
“So which of you neighbors are we going to see first?” I asked changing the topic.
“We can start with Jessica right opposite me.”
“Alright!”
We knocked and no one answered. So we moved to the next, and the next.
We heard the TV going so we knew Charley was there. After knocking quite a few times he did answer the door. He seemed to be happy to see Jack, but it wasn’t very noticeable, because he was quite drunk. 
“Hey Charley,” Jack greeted.
 “Hi,” I said as I stuck out my hand, he slowly extended his hand.
“This is my new good friend Chris; I figured he should meet my great neighbors.”
“Nice to meet you,” he responded. 
“How’s your team doing?” Jack asked. I could hear the post-game talk on the TV.
“About as good I’m doing,” he answered with a laugh.
“And how’s that?”
“They’re a mess, but they still make it out on the field on game day.”
“When’s the next game?”
“Sunday.”
“I’ll be there.”
“Alright.”
“Well, we just wanted to stop and say hi, but I’ll see you Sunday, I’ll bring the chips.”
“Good deal, thank you for coming by.”
“Good to see you.”
“Good to see you too, and you, Chris was it?”
“Yes,” I replied.
“Alright then.”
He closed the door and we headed back to Jack’s apartment.
“You like football Jack?”
“I don’t especially care for it, but I do enjoy Charley’s company.”


We got back to Jack’s apartment, and I asked to use his bathroom. I was quite surprised when I saw a picture frame with quotes on the wall across from the toilet. 
I asked him when I got out, “How often do you change the quotes in the bathroom?”
“It’s not always a quote, many times its just words, but a couple times a week usually.”
“What do you mean words?”
“For languages I’m working on.”
“That’s genius!”
Jack paused and stared at me.
“What?” I asked.
“Genius is logic, something we all have,” he replied. 
I knew he had more to say on it so I asked, “Why do you say that?”
I was sure this one was Pandora’s box, but the question just came out, and I was very curious.
“Typically one would refer to someone who endures longer in logic as a genius of sorts. I don’t think any one person could be heralded as genius, and ideas or actions should be considered concise or logical.”
“You really think there aren’t any people that are genius?”
“No. A person could endure a certain flavor of logic for quite some time on pure stubbornness, there is nothing genius about that. Well maybe it is out of pride… oh, even more silly. Would it be worse if one endured logic in one aspect of their life for fear? I can’t say I know, but what I do know is that we are all of the same genius. 
We all try the long way around, and we all would love something for nothing. Most of whom people would consider geniuses, are just lazy people finding easier ways to get by on as little or nothing if possible. Which it’s not possible,” he said shaking his head.
“But there’s not much use working hard and not working smart, right?” I asked.
“Well of course. I’m merely stating that much creativity stems from hard work devoted to laziness, which is not in its self a bad thing. I don’t want to do more than I have to, but I’m not a genius for it.”
“Couldn’t genius then be the perfect blend of concise hard work and creative laziness?”
“Better said than I could have.”
“Thanks.”
“I stand by what I said, that we are all of the same genius. We are all confronted with the pursuit of knowledge and understanding. But then what? Do of course! But do what first? The more you pay attention, the more you will see. You will see many things that need to be done, but you will not see all things, so you will never with certainty know which of all things you should do first.”
“Sounds like a paradox. Do you believe there is someone or something who knows all things?”
“If there is, it would have to be a someone, inanimate objects are just that, inanimate. Anyway, I’m sure he, she or it, would want us to figure it out ourselves, like any good teacher should. What I would like, is a detailed map, and not just the vague moral compass I seem to have. That’s neither here nor there.”
“Are you religious?”
“It depends on what you mean by that, but I assume you mean organized religion, and perhaps one day. I want to see how far I can get on my own steam first.”
“How’s that going?” I asked.
“Good I think. I’m as far as I am.”
“Oh yeah, that reminds me; how’s Jacky doing?”
Jack chuckled, “I was wondering how long it would take you to get back to her.”
“I have to know how she is.”

“Alright, let’s see. 
It was a bleak unforgiving, but twistedly restful night. Much different that yesterday, which was a lot of pacing, fretting and circling; oh the restless sorrow of a wasted day. 
The very first rain started to splash and run down the window panes. The rain comes as a flood of relief, from the terrible pressure changes that wreak havoc on the built up scar tissue and pounded joints in my back. 
I was so happy I could sleep that I couldn’t. If it’s not my back it’s my brain; one of the two is always conspiring against my sleep. I tried to picture blackness, but it kept changing, it was coal, or tar, oozing and forming shapes, a black wolf, and a shadowy hawk on the night’s sky.
‘Maybe sheep would do the trick’ I thought to myself. The first sheep approached and jumped over the bed with the fence over me. Then the bed and the fence started zooming toward the oncoming sheep. They hustled to jump over it. 
The bed started to increase in size, and then the room disappeared; I was suddenly in space. Only one sheep had made it on the bed, which was now a spaceship; a spaceship hurdling through space like a comet. 
The fence was on a belt that wrapped the ship all the way around, and spun like the track of a tank. The fence was attached, and the sheep who was barely on the ship had to jump the fence as is spun faster and faster around the ship. Running as fast as it could on the track, and then jumping the fence each time it came around.
Was it all relative? Was it even possible to stay on? It looked as if it was possible. 
A few good jumps, followed by a few sprinted steps, and the sheep was more fully on the ship. 
But then in a pass of the fence, the sheep was brushed of the ship into the emptiness of space. 
“Wait, wait, wait, “I interrupted.
“What?”
“That doesn’t sound like Jacky”
“Well, physics was her favorite class her senior year in high school. For as much drama as there was, life was still a lot simpler then. Especially after the second accident, everything got a lot more complicated. 
She wished she could be in school, but seizures don't wait for anyone, or any particularly convenient time or place. The scare over her cheek bone was evidence of that. Driving was all but impossible and most everything else was similarly difficult if not impossible as well.”
“Wait,” I interrupted again.
“What is it now?” Jack asked.
"It still doesn't sound like Jacky. I didn't have her like that in my mind."
 	"That’s funny, because she is coming from my mind right now… But you're probably right. That's what I get for just trying to make things up on the spot. Also that is exactly what happened to me last night… counting how many times a sheep could jump over a revolving fence on a spaceship approaching speeds where relativity would start interfering."
 	"I definitely believe you would have those dreams, just not Jacky.”
“That’s the problem - it wasn’t a dream, because I wasn’t asleep,” he said as he rolled his eyes and then forced a laugh.
 “Okay, so Jacky isn't a physics person, and she didn't have that dream.”
 	“Alright, but she does have a mild epilepsy. And did take a physics class in high school… but it didn't play such a big role in her life. But then again, I don't think any one thing in a person’s life can really play a very big role. Who we are, is not so much what we do, but why we do it, and how we see it in our lives. The same is true for...
 	"Jacky?" I filled in. I could tell he really didn’t want to call her that
 	"Yes... She took physics. She excelled. She excelled in most anything where the rules were set. Seizures happened maybe a few times a year, homework always waited; as tedious as it could be at times, it was never inpatient with her. 
People however are different; it was as if everyone around her, was more burdened by the seizures than she was. Even something as scary or terrible as uncontrollable convulsions, can be in a way novel at first, but there is something exhausting and resenting in a problem that can’t be fixed. More so, something you can’t control inside of you, that you can’t run away from.
 No one would ever say anything about it, but an almost silent sigh would say more than she ever wanted to hear. 
She would do all she could not to be a burden to others. There were places she didn’t go and things she didn’t do, that might frighten someone she didn’t know. She always felt close to embracing the thought, that everyone one deep down loved her, and helping her during a seizure, would be the farthest thing from a burden; however so many times, that thought just felt stripped from her hands.
Jack stopped, he looked a little uneasy. 
I asked, “What’s wrong?”
“Being that you are recording this story, I don’t know if I’m quite in the right mood for this story.”
“That’s fine.”
“When I talk, I think about the validity or importance of what I say, and maybe what I was expressing is my difficulty in dealing with things I can’t change, or prevent in my life or in the hospital.”
“It’s fine.”
“I’ll be in a more productive mood next visit. I just suddenly have quite the headache. I don’t mean to rush you out, but I think I’m going to lay down. I will give you a puzzle first if you would like?”
“Thanks, yeah.”
“Here’s a riddle from a man named Lewis Carroll
A Russian had three sons. The first named Rab, became a lawyer; the second named Ymra became a soldier. The third son became a sailor, what was his name?”
“Alright, I’ll try to figure it out, and I’ll see you next week.”
“See you then.”
Chapter 9

“Did you figure it out?”
“No, I felt like I was trying to crack some German military code in the heat of a world war.”
Jack laughed, “So you want the answer?”
“Yeah.”
“The third son’s name was Yvan.”
“How did you make that conclusion?”
“Rab is bar backwards, as in the law bar. Yrma is army backwards. And Yvan is Navy backwards, because he was a sailor.”
“Well that’s ridiculous! How was I supposed to have guessed it, sailor could have been FISH if that was the case!”
“And how do you know it’s not the case?” Jack asked, which caught me off guard.
“I don’t…” I answered hesitantly.
“You’re right!”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, the Russian man did name his third child YVAY, but you’re right, you couldn’t have guessed, because the pattern isn’t perfect. But, even though it wasn’t possible to really know, it could have been one of the few possible names you came up with. 
Let’s say you are in a room and have the task of finding the third child, using all of your methods to determine possible names, you might not find a person named Hsif or Taob, you only find an Yvan.”
“Or I could just ask, “Hey, who has brothers named Ymra and Rab?”
Jack laughed, “That is if you spoke Russian.”
I laughed too. “So I didn’t fail?”
“Who am I to say whether someone passes or fails? It wasn’t the answer the author of it was looking for. I however, was merely interested how you would go about it. Also to see how far you would go in trying to figure it out.”
“I went pretty far actually. I assigned numbers to each letter A to Z, then forward or inverted I looked for any patterns between the name and the job.”
“I think some writers unknowingly write fallacies, and others I suppose write them at times to make people stop and think. Knowing which way is surely south can be quite helpful in finding your way northward.”
“Do you know any examples of writers doing that?”
“I don’t know any writers well enough to say one way or another, but I know I do when I write.”
“I thought you said you hadn’t started writing.”
“I just said if I wrote a book I would probably go mad before finishing it. And I haven’t written a book yet, just a few stories.”
“Could I read any of your stories?”
“None are ready yet, editing by far is the hardest part.”
“Well, I do want to read it as soon as any are ready.”
“I’ll make sure you’re the first to know when one’s ready.”
“I’m excited, you do seem to know a lot about writing Jack, I’m sure it will be great.”
“Knowing and doing can be very different things.”
“Yes, but you seem to have a way with words.”
“It’s not like I haven’t given them thought before.”
“Yeah, but…”
“Yeah-but the rab-but.”
I laughed; I suppose I accidently reopened Pandora’s Box. 
I noticed Jack’s ranting expression before he even spoke, so I knew what was coming. 
“The thing about writing, I mean real writing, where people actually want to read it; you have to read it yourself a hundred times first. 
If you make it through a hundred reads, and of course editing it along the way, you're either incredibly stubborn, or maybe you've got something. If you read it a hundred times and still enjoy it, well then, it could be a masterpiece... Or you're certifiably nuts.”
“You don’t believe there are any natural writers, that just seem to plop out masterpiece after masterpiece?” I asked.
“No masterpiece is ever plopped out. When a writer really reads through his work and unbiasedly and critically edits it, he changes himself. The next work will be different, because he will be different, and every next work will be better, because he is better. We all find ourselves in the hole of fragility and mediocrity, and we all have to write our way out.”
“How would someone write their way out of a hole? And you don’t mean a literal hole do you?”
“Well of course I mean a literal hole,” Jack said with a serious expression. He waited to see what I did and then laughed. “But seriously I do mean an actual hole. Should I write someone out of a hole?”
“Jacky?” I asked excitedly.
He feigned a smug expression, and started the story… or should I say Jacky’s story, because she was writing it.

“A damp and suffocating darkness consumed me. I suddenly found myself confronted by a terrifying barrage of loneliness and despair. 
Too scared to walk or move in any direction into the abyss. I crouched low, and with my arms extended, felt out the whole bottom of what I eventually concluded was a pit. 
I then reached as high as I could and felt around the whole wall of the pit, to find it was deeper than I was tall.  
I couldn’t let my knees touch the floor as I crawled around to feel out the floor, because of all the jagged rocks in every foot of dirt. I felt around to see what all was there and look for any loose rocks but there were none. 
I couldn’t even find a place to comfortably sit down. Finally in a fit of irritated spite, I just started to tare with my fingers at the dirt around the rock where I wanted to sit. 
I was over the idea of being able to lay down, that would never happen, but if I could just get this one rock out, at least I would have a place to sit till sunrise. Hopefully then I could see better to find my way out. 
I tore away at the dirt around the rock until my hands were numb. There was that eerie feeling that I was bleeding, but I couldn’t see it, and I dared not put my dirty hands to my face. 
After what seems like hours, I finally got that big stupid rock out of the ground. Of course it was so large, that when I tried to sit down, the void it left was deep enough to not be comfortable. The rock which I had pushed aside, I picked up, and threw as hard as I could towards the other side of the pit. It didn’t go that far, and hit with a crack and a thud, breaking against the rocks on the floor. 
Awkwardly and irritatingly uncomfortable, I sat where the rock had been. 
I had already put enough work into making a spot to sit, so I figured I might as well fill the dip with the dirt I had loosened to move the rock. 
It helped, but it wasn’t near enough.
Holding my hands up in front of my face, they were so void of feeling, and the pit was so dark, that for all I could tell, they might not even exist. 
Trying to convince myself the effort was still worth it, I remembered the rock I had pulled out; I made my way over to where I remember hearing it hit, and picked up a piece of it. I found my way back to the dip, and started scrapping at the dirt on the wall. The dirt from the wall of the pit was a lot softer than that on the floor. Quickly I had enough dirt, and it was moist enough to mold into a seat. 
I sat down and let out a sigh of relief, but it was forced, the relief wasn’t there. 
Now sitting still, I was very aware of the throbbing in my hands. “Blasted!” I screamed as loud as I could. “Help! Help! Help! The last one was hoarse; I could hear the gravel and wheeze in my voice, echoing in the cold loneliness of the night air. 
I picked up the rock and just started tearing at the wall. Dirt started falling everywhere. In hysteria I coughed as I continued to tear at the wall. I clawed and scrapped until I was so weak I crumbled to the floor. 
Too tired to feel tired, I just passed out till morning, or at least I assume it was morning, because it was still pitch black dark when I awoke. 
I was starting to get really hungry, and short of eating dirt, digging my way out was the best hope I had. 
I felt to the spot where I had left off, and was surprised to notice that the dirt I had pulled from the wall made quite a substantial step. Standing on the step I reached, and as far as I could feel it was still shear wall, but my hopes were higher at least. 
I’d like to say that I dug myself out in a few hours, but within a few hours the only notable accomplishment was that I exposed some roots. Which though I couldn’t properly clean away the dirt; they still somewhat dulled the pang in my stomach and contained some amount of water.
As I sat there in the dark, nibbling on my treasury of delicious roots in quite a sarcastic manner, I noticed the faintest of light figures that danced high up on the wall. “Well, dinner and I show! How luxurious!”
It wasn’t nearly enough light to even tell how deep the pit was, but it was still encouraging.
“I did hope the show had music, but then again beggars can’t be choosers, right? Right!”
But there was a sort of music; it was very faint; I could distinguish a light breeze and a bird or two. What I needed was something upbeat, but it would have to do. 
I made my way back to the wall and continued digging away. 
My mind started to wander, and I dreamed about all things I would like to do once I was out. read, bake, and relax. Oh and I have always wanted to ride a horse. But then the question piqued, why was I in this pit? I don’t even remember. Why don’t I remember? I must have hit my head when I fell in here… but did I fall or was I thrown in here? 
My mind seemed to twist on itself into a debilitating stupor of exhausting anxiety. I settled to the ground with my knees to my chest and I just squeezed them closer. 
I wearied faster of wearing than I would have expected, and went back to work digging. About at shoulder level where I was digging I uncovered a big flat rock, almost like a shelf. I cleared above it as much as I could. Working with my hands above my head was very tiring, but the thought of climbing up on the shelf and reaching much higher was exciting. 
I found another rock shelf above the first, and boldly climbed on top the first and holding on the second to clear above it. 
The work was moving smoothly, until a large rock I was digging away at, gave suddenly with barely enough notice to lift my feet up as it crashed onto the first shelf. 
It sounded loudly with a crack and then a thud as is hit the pile of fresh dirt below. I didn’t think much of it, until I went to put my feet back on the self below me, and it started to give way. Then I started to hear a rushing sound, right then I felt water jetting passed my legs.
There was no way of me stopping up the water, it was flowing way too fast, and the shelf I was standing on was no longer there. 
I just hung there in awkward suspense; I didn’t even know what to think. To be honest, more than anxiety, I felt a surreal sort of hopeless serenity; maybe I was still asleep on the floor, or better yet, maybe I was asleep in my bed at home. I laughed at the thought.
It wasn’t long before I felt my toes splashing in the water that was quickly rising. 
“Why not?” was the thought that came to my head. 
The water had to be at least as deep as I was tall, and I couldn’t hold on much longer. So I pushed of the wall, and plopped in the water. 
I had never swam in the dark, and especially not pitch black dark; but the cool water did feel nice on my bruised and swollen hands, not to mention my sore back. Sleeping sitting up is not really sleeping. 
I lifted my chest as much as I could, relaxed and laid back in the water. Not your typical water bed but hey, I seemed to be going up, and going up quickly. 
I had no frame of reference as to how fast I was going, how far I had gone up, or how far I still had to go up. 
After a half an hour or so It seemed I had stopped moving up. I felt for the wall and sure enough that was as high as the water was going to go. I did however feel real roots, big ones! The dirt was even softer, and I could just dig my hands right in and grasp the roots… so it did. 
I pulled myself up and out of the water. Every muscle in my body seemed to be drained, but the hand and footholds were easy.
I climbed and climbed, and then noticed a lot of little roots. “Grass!” I exclaimed with a renewed energy. 
Two handholds later and I reached the top. I pulled myself up and out in a state of maximum adrenaline. I crawled a few feet from the edge of the pit, rolled to my back and passed out. 
The few moments as I laid there on my back shaking from the adrenaline, even through the thickest of trees, I could see the stars.

Jack paused.

“Wait!” I petitioned, so how did she fall in the pit? Or did someone throw her there.”
He laughed, “who says it has to be either one of those?”
“Well how did she get to the bottom of a pit?”
“Who says it was a pit?”
“You did.”
“In the dark she concluded it was a pit, but that doesn’t mean it was.”
“Well what could it be then?
“There are two ways up the mountain she wished to climb. One is the steady climb, the other, is straight into the mountain, and then straight up.
“Why didn’t she remember that then?
“The tunnel is straight into the heart of the mountain, and though she had been on that dark journey for a long time, she knew it was the way to go. Right as she entered the shaft upward, there was an earthquake that collapsed the tunnel, knocking her out and jogging her memory.”
“What about the water table?” Those aren’t in mountains, or are they?
She was forced to high grounds by the floods. If the tunnel hadn’t have collapsed, the water level would have risen too slowly, and she would have drowned before it rose high enough to grab the roots.”
So why was it dark? I asked.
“Did she bring a light?”
“Obviously not.” I replied.
“So…?”
“But still.”
“Okay, the darkness kept her from seeing how far she had to go. Thinking it was just a little father kept her going.”
“Where did you get this story?”
“I was just trying myself to write my way out of the pit.”
“What is the pit in your life?” I asked.
“I think the story applies to any personal development or any transcending in life.”
“Did it work?”
“Yes, actually. It wasn’t until you asked why she couldn’t have gone back. I realized, she decided to climb the mountain and can’t go back. You make it to the top, or you’re condemned to the pit.”
“Wow.”
“Yeah, thanks,” Jack appreciated.
“No, thank you,” I insisted.
“No really, I needed someone else to ask those questions. 

That pretty much concluded our talk. It was good to leave on that note. I really thought about his story on the way home, and still while I’m writing this right now. I hope this doesn’t keep me up tonight trying to figure it out; if it doesn’t I’ll have to count sheep in relativity like Jack.
The puzzle he left me was: There are ten bags, fifty coins in each bag, all of which look gold, but only one bag has god coins. You can pick one bag. The gold coins weigh 1.01 ounces whereas fake coins weigh. It costs twenty-six gold coins each time you use the scale, and you can pay after you use it. How do you pick the right bag?
Chapter 10

I felt very comfortable, and casual in the sense that I knew I would get the answer to the puzzle, we would play a game or two of chess, and he would tell me a story… and maybe some other random things as well.
There wasn’t any tortuous wait before he told me the answer to the puzzle.
“To find the right bag, you label each bag one through ten, and then take one coin from the first, two from the second bag, three from the third and so on. If the fifty-five coins weigh 55.04 ounces, then you should pick bag four.

Like routine, I asked for another story. “So what has Jacky been up to?”
“Wasn’t she still in the pit?”
“No, she wrote her way out,” I replied.
“Oh yes, she was the one writing.”
“I tried that by the way, writing my way out of a pit,” I told Jack.
“And how did that work for you?”
“I don’t know yet. It was a lot more stressful, and also oddly fun at the same time than I imagined possible, but I think it was good.”
“Why do you think it was good?”
“I don’t know, it was just good.”
“I think you won’t know until a rainy day, whether it was good or not.”
“Why is that?”
“The point in writing is that you always move forward. You write your way out of a problem and into a dream. First you leave habits and thoughts that hold you back, and then you grab ahold of things that will help you move onward and upward. So what do you think she left in the pit?” He asked.
I had to think for a few minutes, which wasn’t awkward, because after he asked, he got up and made us tea, giving me time to think. 
Once he came and sat back down, I told gave him my answer, “I think the biggest thing Jacky left in the pit was despair.”
“That is a good answer.”
“What is the answer?”
“I don’t know, I just thought of the question so I asked you.”
“I feel like you still somehow already had an answer.”
“No, I do have a question for your answer though.”
“What?”
“What about despair did she leave?”
“She didn’t let it cripple her… and although she gave into it, she didn’t become content with it.”
“Now that’s an answer!”
I blushed. I really think I am thinking a lot deeper hanging out with Jack.
“Thanks. What else would you add? I know you always have more things you see,” I prodded.
It kind of surprised me that he didn’t just spit out an answer. He sat back in his armchair and looked contemplative. I didn’t know whether he had a lot on his mind or whether he didn’t have an answer ready like he always seemed to. 
That actually quite impressed me, because he didn’t feel obligated to keep up his image of always having an answer ready for anything.
“Well, how about instead, I tell you what she wrote about after she wrote her way out of the pit.”
“Of course I would love to hear what Jacky writes next.”

“I rubbed my eyes as I started to awake from the deepest sleep I can remember. The soreness I felt all over, surprisingly wasn’t at the forefront of my mind; it was that I still couldn’t see! 
Was it still night? Where had the stars gone? And how long had I been asleep for?
There was a breeze, the darkness felt as thick as mist. My stomach panged with hunger. Weary of falling back in the pit I took a few handfuls of grass and ate them. Not being particularly fond of salad before, grass was definitely not the best option. But, anything was better than nothing… or was it? 
The burning pang in my stomach turned to a nauseating rheumatism, and it only increased the craving for water.
I listened in hope to hear running water, but I didn’t hear even the faintest suggestion of water. Crawling on my stomach I found the edge of the pit, and then crawled the opposite way away from it. 
Where were the stars that were there the night before? I must have slept a whole day, or who knows maybe two.
I felt a distinct sort of exhaustiveness, the type when you can’t see in front of you, especially when you can’t see far enough to walk or even crawl on your hands and knees for fear of falling. 
The looming fear of the pit, and possibly others like it didn’t help my nerves.
I reduced to moving on my stomach, the pace was much slower, and my whole body could feel the ground. This only made me more aware of whether the ground felt like it was giving way or not. The fear of what dangers could lay in front of me was real, but the fear of the ground collapsing underneath me and falling into another pit was utterly terrifying. 
I had to stop for a few more mouth-fulls of grass. It still didn’t go down any better than the last time. It was probably after the fifth stop for grass or so, that I felt the ground beneath me change.
It was sand. Not wet sand, but dry, sharp dessert sand. A whole new set of fears bombarded my mind; prickly cactuses, snakes and scorpions, and oh not to mention I was already more thirsty than I ever could have imagined possible.
There isn’t a speed slow enough to feel out the danger of a cactus without pricking yourself. 
Unlike the tiny spines on the cactuses my mother had in her kitchen window, the spines on the cactus were massive. 
The only words I can give to explain how it felt, as the spine slipped right in until it stopped at the bone in my finger, are eerie and repulsive. Whether I knew or was fond of exactly what was under my skin before, I can’t say, but sure as ice is cold, I realized I didn’t want anything else under my skin. 
Along with the terror of the darkness, I more fully realized the terror of what you can’t run away from.
Was I going to be infected? They say dirt and plants house the most bacteria, and I have now cut myself in the mist of both. 
Didn’t matter, whatever happens I still will just have to figure out a way to survive.
First impressions are important, but I wasn’t going to let this all but quant introduction hinder the water I would get out of it.
I dug my hand into the sand and came up the body of the cactus, and felt for the spines coming at them from the side. I grabbed a hold and broke off the first one I grabbed a hold of. I made a sort of sand basin where I started to collect the spines. It was quite the tedious job.
It was a while before I cleared a big enough spot in the cactus, but I did, it was only after a few more pricks.
With a sharp rock I burrowed into the side of the cactus. Reaching in with my hand, it wasn’t what I was suspecting. Maybe it is the cartoon watching kid inside of me, that figured water would start pouring out like a water fountain, but it didn’t. 
What I felt was a rougher sort of watermelon, and tasting it, it also lacked the pleasant savor of melon. At any measure, it did hold a lot of water in it, and it was thirst quenching. Despite the bitter taste, it did somewhat fill me up as well.
All I could think about was sleeping after I had had my fill of the cactus. I dreaded sleeping through the day and having to wander through the night again in the dark.
It wasn’t terribly cold, and I convinced myself that at whatever time I awoke, I would at least have food and water. 
Well, if the snakes and scorpions don’t get me in the night, here I will be in the morning.”

When Jack stopped speaking I wanted to clap, but I wanted her to end up out of the dessert.
“What’s wrong?” Jack asked.
“Why didn’t she get out of the dessert like she had gotten out of the pit?”
“She found water and food.” 
“Yes, but she’s still in the dessert.”
“Have you ever slept on the grass or sand before?”
“No…”
“Well I’ll tell you I much prefer sleeping in sand.”
“Well maybe, but why was it completely dark?”
“I don’t know, what could make it completely dark?”
“What? You’re telling me you don’t know why it was dark?”
“I don’t know, maybe she’s above the stars.”
“What?” I questioned.
“Sometimes there will be light from stars we can follow, and other times we will have to blaze our own trail forward in the dark, or make our own light.”
“But how could she make her own light in the dessert?”
“I guess you will have to wait until next time to find out.”
“Wait, how was there a dessert at the top of a mountain, and how could she be lower than the stars while by the pit, and above the stars while in the dessert?”
“How Do you know the dessert was at the top of the mountains?”
“What do you mean?”
“What if two planets traveling almost perfectly parallel, collided? Then, in that state of the two conjoined worlds, she moved to the next one.”
“I know you are just making this story up, but now it seems science fiction.”
“I don’t see why it can’t be, but don’t be expecting spaceships or aliens- this story is about writing out of a problem.”
“And right into the next problem apparently. She should have stayed at the top of the mountain by the pit.”
“Is life better below the stars?”
“It doesn’t seems better above it.”
“I guess we’ll have to see. You ready for a puzzle?”
“Alright let’s hear it.”
“More than hear it, you will probably want to draw it out.”
I rolled my eyes and Jack chuckled.
“There are five circles overlapping in a straight line so that there are nine defined spaces. In each of the defined spaces you can place a number one through ten, the sum of each circle must be the same, and each number can only be used once.”
“We’ll see what I can manage.”
“This one will test you.”
“As if the others didn’t?”
Jack chuckled again.
Chapter 11

I had the proudest look on my face as I entered Jack’s apartment.
“So I assume you got the puzzle figured out.”
“Did I? You bet!”
Jack Chuckled and smiled.
“You’re right, that one did test me… for several hours straight.”
“I figured as much.”
“It seemed easy thinking about it, but then I realized, I didn’t even know how much to have each circle sum up to. 
My first thought was eleven. I sketched out a few times and it seemed too low. I tried twelve and it still seemed to be low. I tried thirteen and it seemed about the same. I sketched out a few dozen and then switched back to a sum of twelve. 
I realized that the two ends only had two spaces each, and there was only three ways to have those sum twelve, which left eight possible outer circle numberings. 
I checked what sum was needed on the next circles inward and checked if those numbers were already taken.
I thought the last one I tested worked, but I accidently used the number five twice. That was a sad realization, because I knew I would have to go through the process again, but with a sum of eleven. 
I wanted to quit and tell you I had figured out how to find it, but I had already come so far. 
So I started up my computer and set up formulas on a spreadsheet program to make it go faster. I think there might be more than one answer, but I finally came up with: 837164529”
“I’d have to say I’m very impressed. Was it worth it?”
“We’ll see how much those hours of possible homework or studying will affect my grades, but I think it was worth it.”
We both laughed.

“So did you figure out what happens next to Jacky?” I asked.
“No, but we can find out.”
“Where did I leave off?”
“She just finally found water, and fell asleep in the sand.”

“Oh that’s right. Okay.

 I slept better than I would have expected. I did quite a bit of wiggling at first, but I kind of tucked myself into the sand and it formed to me. It was still dark and there were no stars.
I must have slept through the day again; although if I really had, I probably would have been sunburnt, but I wasn’t.
I had breakfast from my new favorite restaurant, the dessert melon… it seemed better today than yesterday. Maybe it was because my expectation of it was low… really low actually. 
All seemed to be the same, but then it started to rain, and I mean rain. Well, the water had been helpful before, so I tried to be optimistic about it. 
The downfall turned into a full-blown storm with wind and even a big bolt of lightning. As scary as it was, I was glad to be sure I wasn’t really blind.
I didn’t see much off in the distance from the lightning, which was discouraging, but I focused and the next bolt that touched down, I noticed it hit a big cactus. It didn’t catch fire, although it looked like it could. That got me thinking.
I made my way slowly in the direction to where I saw big cactus. By the time I reached it, the storm had for the most part petered out. 
I wanted to find some tumble weeds to hang in the cactus so that next storm, it might catch fire. I was excited, but at the same time, I didn’t want to wander from the cactus and not be able to find it again. 
I decided to mound up the sand and rocks behind me as I went away from it, that way I could always follow it back. 
It worked! And I found tons of tumble weeds, there were a lot of them everywhere. I took off my shoe laces, and tied them together and strung up the tumble weeds as I collected them. I returned to my cactus and hung them up. Lucky the big cactus didn’t have spines or thistles.
The next day I waited anxiously for a storm, but it didn’t come. 
Four more days and it still didn’t come. I had been harvesting dessert melon every day, I had cleaned out three whole cactuses, which I was definitely tired of. I was about to abandon my plan and just continue on, when the storm came. 
I was so excited I couldn’t stand it. It didn’t disappoint either. It was more of a lightning storm than anything, and sure enough, it struck the big cactus, which caught fire! 
I had a stick, to keep the flame. It wasn’t very thick, but what stick in the dessert is? I caudled my makeshift torch from the rain and mostly the wind once it too caught fire, but to no avail. I couldn’t keep the flame going.
I just kneeled on the ground with my forehead in the sand and cried, meanwhile it continued to rain. 
It didn’t rain forever although it felt like it. Luckily I had halved a few cactuses I had already hollowed out, and they did however collect water quite nice. Even collecting a lot of water, I felt I was no closer to getting light.
There I was building up my stock pile of tumble weeds wishing I would have just continued moving forward, and not worried about light, when it started to rain. Oh how my attitude quickly changed from bitter whining to childlike excitement!
My excitement continued to grow as lightning struck and caught the cactus on fire. I got my stick to catch fire, and I was passed elated when the kindling I collected in a hole in a cactus, started to catch fire. 
The fire started, but there just wasn’t enough room for it to sustain itself. 
I started to panic, but it was too late, everything I did just seemed to make it worse.
I didn’t even notice the rain this time I was crying so hard.

The next day I ventured even farther than I had before, I figured I could always follow the trail I was making back, if I didn’t find anything better. 
It was a little over a week before what I figured couldn’t happen happened: I ran back into my trail. 
Apparently the cactuses had made it too hard to follow a straight trail in any direction. I was stubborn and pressed forward for a few more weeks until it happen again. 
Feeling utterly dejected, I followed the trail back to the big cactus. I ripped the bottom part of my shirt and fastened it to the biggest stick I had found. That is one thing my wandering had done - I collected all the big sticks I found; an impressive three in total, none of which longer than my arm and definitely not as thick.
I was thinking of just using the one torch, but I decided to rip the lining out of my jacket and rig up the other two sticks. I was hoping I could transfer one to the other while I held it under my jacket.  
Well, it didn’t work out exactly how I had planned. Once the storm came and the lightning struck, I held the torch under my little tent made with my jacked… which caught fire. 
I figured I would go with it and I tried to lean over it to block as much as rain from it as possible. 
I don’t think I was breathing very much as I intently guarded the flame, and the smoke probably didn’t help, because I started to feel numb and light-headed. 
All that mattered though, is that it worked!
Also not only did it work, but I still had two more torches left; which was a good thing too, because I didn’t really plan how I was going to keep the flame through the night. I just watched as the second torch dwindled down and I hesitantly lit the third one. I was just laying there holding it, trying to think what to do next. 
The wind started to blow, I knelt and crouched over guarding the flame once more, but this time from the wind.
The wind blew hard, tumble weeds kept hitting me. One scratched my ear as it flew by, and I realized they weren’t that wet. I hadn’t noticed, but I guess the last storm didn’t carry that much water.
I concluded that the best way to be able to see, was to light the dessert on fire, and that is just what I did!
I lit everything on fire as I walked away from the big cactus I had come so accustomed to.
It was much easier to keep a straight line, I just made sure the fire was always behind me. I started to jog instead of walk. One out of excitement, but also the fire grew really fast, and I could feel the heat behind me.
In a half an hour or so, I had made more progress than I ever had crawling on my stomach. I had to, because the fire was progressing very fast also. 
The whole dessert was ablaze and the heat was strong, but also the light it gave off showed much farther. 
The fire extended in all directions. I still couldn’t see anything hopeful in the direction I was running. 
I ran faster, but was soon out of breath. I looked all around, and as I stopped to pant. Far off to the right I saw the fire stopped. I looked closely, and could just make out little silhouettes. Trees?
Whatever! I started running that way; sort of to the left because the fire pushed me that way. 
The tumble weeds burned out quickly and so it was mostly just a wall of fire moving outward. The fire was pushing me too far to the left and so without even thinking about it, I jumped through the wall of fire. I didn’t get burnt as far as I noticed, but I did crash into a cactus.
I wanted to pick out the spines from my leg and side, but one look at my nearly exhausted torch, and I knew I had to keep running.
I ran and I ran, then I ran some more, and finally I made it to the trees at the end of the dessert. 
It was so nice to step onto the grass, and best of all, I heard a brook very closely nearby. I followed the sound to the brook and took a long drink of water. It was amazing. 
I pulled the spines out of my leg and side and then saw there were blackberries in the bushes there. I ate as many as I could as quickly as I could. They were so sweet!
I wanted to keep eating, but I was exhausted. I looked over and there were a number of trees at the edge of the forest that were slowly burning, and so I figured I could rest for a little bit.”


Jack had a way of always stopping without any ultimate resolution. 
“So is it never going to be day for Jacky?” I asked.
“It was day plenty of times.”
“But who could’ve known? Because it was always dark.”
“Does it matter if someone knows?”
“It helps.”
“Helps what?”
“What do mean helps what?”
“You said it helps, so what does it help?”
“I don’t know. I mean, is she always going to be in the dark?”
“She’s not in the dark anymore, she has a flame.”
“Yes, but on earth, pretty much every day we have the sun to light up everything.”
“But she’s not on the earth any more, remember last week about the two planets colliding?”
“So you’re saying in that world, all the light she will ever get, will have to come from her?”
“It looks that way doesn’t it?”
“You and your crazy stories Jack.”
“It is a crazy story.”
“So when is Jacky going to get a happy ending?”
“How could an ending be happy?
“You know, like when will she make it to safety, or get saved?”
“What does it mean to be saved?”
“As in not have any worries.”
“Like when you were an infant?”
“No…”
“I can’t think of any other way to not have things to worry about, than, not having the capacity to worry. Which, the idea of that worries me.”
“Is this another one of your puzzles?”
“Not my puzzle,” he said with a laugh. “But that does remind me, I do have to make sure to give you one before you leave.”
“I’ll probably be stuck on what it means to be saved this whole week, but if you want to tack on another puzzle, go ahead.”
“If you do find an answer to the saved question, I really would be interested to know.”
“I’ll see what I can do,” I replied.
“Okay here’s your puzzle: 
What do you notice about this poem?


I always go where light is found
Always stay where ground is surely there
Go where warmth leads steadily there beyond
Where ground leads up towards higher aware
Light is steadily towards day from dawning
Is surely there higher from anything me
Found there beyond aware, me, and harmony
Chapter 12

“So what did you figure out about being saved?”
Reluctantly I responded, “It depends on saved from what?”
“I knew you get it!”
	“But I wanted an answer.” 
	“At a certain point just like our friend, we leave this world, and some things like light, we have to make ourselves.”
“Alright, well let’s hear what happens to Jacky next.”
“What about the poem?”
“Oh, it’s the same read from top to bottom as right to left.
“Not too bad.” 
“It’s taken me long enough to get the hang of these.”
He chuckled, “Well you’re doing a good job.”
“Thanks.”
“What else did you notice about it?”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Well, the poem wasn’t written as a trick.”
“It’s the same as Jacky’s story, onward and upward.
“Good, alright let’s see how she writes herself onward and upward.”
Jack composed himself, and the story like always just seemed to come. 
 

“What I didn’t notice, was that I was actually at the base of another mountain. Luckily the trees though only smoldering, were still very much still on fire. 
Now the next obstacle, was to find a good way to carry the flame; I didn’t have any extra clothing I could spare for another torch.
I used plain sticks as rudimentary torches, it was much less effective, but it did get the job done. I managed to collect a lot of berries and I found some nuts, meanwhile, with a rock in hand I knocked it on every rock I found to find one that would make a spark. 
Just like everything else as of late, I was expecting it to take forever, but it wasn’t too long before a strike of my rock sent sparks flying. 
I filled my pockets with the driest little twigs, bark and dead grass I could find. I also gathered the best sticks I could find. After I had felt content with the work I had done, I settled down to sleep. 
I woke up to find it completely dark. Now was the real test - to see if I could make my own fire.
It took a few tries to get the hang of, but I did it! 
With an armful of sticks and pockets full of kindling, I followed the stream up the mountain, gleaming berries and nuts along the way.
Right as I realized it was really starting to get steep, I notice the entrance to a cave. I had a sort of flash back to seeing a similar cave before. I had made it to the top of the mountain before taking the tunnel, but I had fire and berries now, and I was quite enjoying the coolness of the air, and the sound of the brook rolling by.
The hiking turned to climbing, and as scary as it was to climb in the dark, I could feel I was getting somewhere. ‘Where?’ 
‘Up,’ I thought to myself and laughed. 
I left my torch and sticks pretty far back to better climb. I had been climbing in the dark for some time, and as I approached the top of the mountain, I saw an orange glow.
Approaching the source of the light I saw, I realized I had not climbed a mere mountain, but a volcano. The hot magma was really far down, so I suppose if I would have taken the tunnel it would have been fine, but I’m still glad I didn’t. 
I did find the hole where the tunnel likely came up. I also found a plaque with writing on it; The glow from the mouth of the volcano was just enough light to read.
‘These great boulders here are the missing part to the flame of the earth.’
It wasn’t easy, but digging on one side and prying on the other, one by one I got all twelve of them to roll forward and into the heart of the volcano.
The sound each made was terrifying, and the whole mountain began to shake, harder with each of the twelve boulders added. 
I saw a glow coming from the dessert below, and noticed that it was turning red hot! 
Once the whole dessert was red, it started to rise, but then stopped. The red slowly turned to yellow and then white. The sand was now a sea of glass, and the light from the center of the planet passed through and lit up everything.”


Jack smiled.
“That’s the end?”
“How could it be the end?”
“Well of the story.”
“The end of a chapter in her story for the quest for light maybe.”
“So what’s the next chapter? Or what is her next quest?”
“Good questions.”
“Wait, you mean I was good for asking them, or that’s what her next quest is?”
Jack laughed again, “I don’t know, but now that I think about it, I want to say both.”
“What’s your next quest?” I ask, and I could tell it really made Jack think.
Jack hesitated and then spoke, “the full weight of distraction and convenience I never realize until I find that it has once again made a fool of me.”
“I remember you said that before.”
“That’s because I am still in the dessert, still trying to keep my torch lit in the rain.”


We played a few games of chess which I lost. And before I left I asked.
“So what’s my next puzzle?”
“What two letters follow the sequence: OTTFFSSE?
Chapter 13

I went to the diner again and had a chance to chat with Beth.
“How have your visits with Jack been going?”  Beth asked.
“Great! I’ve been learning so much.”
“About what?” she asked.
“Everything.”
“If you we talking about anyone besides Jack Emerson, I would think that you were just being vague.” 
“I never knew how independent from each other knowing about someone, knowing someone, and caring about someone can be. I feel with Jack, they are all increasing, but not overlapping, and I find that I care about him much more than I know about him.”
“Sometimes we try and show people we care, by showing how much about them we know. I think the only way to know more about a person, is to truly care about them. Then not only will we know things about them, but about us as friends. How our heart molds to another, is the truest way to know someone.”
“Wow, you and Jack,” I replied shaking my head. “Always so deep.”
She laughed, “Yeah, I blame my grandparents for that. They would never let my mom or Jack, get away with ‘shabby answers,’ as they would call them.”
“So Jack isn’t just some kind of genius?”
“You obviously haven’t used the word genius in front of Jack.”
“I have, and I got the whole spiel. But I don’t really know how else to describe him.”
“Curious.”
“But he doesn’t just want to know things, he does know tons of things.”
“Curiosity is the curse and the mark of genius; it is a monster that grows inside of us, as much as we feed it of course. Every person is a genius, some merely starved in different ways.”
“So in what way would you say Jack has starved his curiosity?”
 “I think he would say he should believe more in God, but I don’t know, you’d have to ask him.”
“I will.”
“Did he give you a puzzle last visit?”
“…yeah.”
“So you haven’t figured it out yet then?”
“Nope.”
“Which one did he give you?”
“The one about a sequence of letters starting with O.”
“Oh yeah, that one’s good. You want the answer?”
“Sure.”
N and T are the next letters; the sequence is the first letters from one, two, three, four, five and so on.
“It would be something like that.”
Jack’s tricky, and he never runs out of puzzles.
“Because if he ever ran out, he would just start making them up, like he makes up stories.”
“Stories about what?”
“A girl and a little freckled red headed boy. Did he used to have red hair?”
“No. That’s interesting. Are you writing down the stories as he tells them?”
“Not for my class, but yeah. I’ll give you a copy once I type it all up.”
“Thanks, that would be nice.”
“No problem.”
Chapter 14

“You look like you’re waiting to ask a question,” Jack asked as I walked in.
“I talked with Beth yesterday at the diner.”
“How is she?”
“Good. She really is very nice.”
“She gets it from her mom.”
“She said you and her mom got the curiosity bug from your parents.”
“I would agree.”
“She said that curiosity can be starved or built on.”
“Well, unsullied curiosity of thought can be, curiosity of feeling or emotion is quite different.”
“How?”
“You can contemplate a thought you have heard another to have had, but feeling changes in how you go into it. A good thought is always good, feelings and emotion have their time and their place. There is an order to their discovery that makes a great deal of difference.”
“So you weren’t a fan of the sixties?” I asked with a laugh.
“It wasn’t how it has been painted. Anyway, was that what you were going to ask?”
“No, Beth said I should ask you about religion.”
“I just think there is more to life than I’m seeing right now.”
“Why do you think that?”
“There are some questions I cannot find answers to. Why do we love stories? Why do we want to share them? Why do we watch set sets or look at the stars? Why do we want to share them? Why do we like to learn new things? Why do we like to teach others new things? Why do we want someone to talk to in hard times? Why do we feel better that somebody knows?”
“I don’t know,” I replied.
“We like stories because it teaches us how to dream, but that just leads to the question, why do we dream? And why do we like to dream? Well, you might say because it instills hope in us, but hope for what? I can’t imagine hope of preservation of our species.”
“I don’t know how I feel either about whether there is more to life, but what if dreaming is just mostly advanced planning for the future?”
“It’s just that.”
“What?”
“Best case scenario it’s mainly, or mostly. What can I do with a half answered question? I sure can’t settle with it.”
“Well neither side seems to have the complete answer.”
“I think that brings us to the nature of any argument.”
“Is this all-encompassing or just mostly the case?” I asked.
“It does have the potential to be completely right,” he replied.
“Well let’s hear it,” I encouraged.
“Well to start, most likely if there is an argument, the answer is probably not clear cut or simple.”
“Seems logical to me.”
“If both sides feel passionate about their answer, each must be tightly holding on to some amount of truth.”
“Umm…”
“It could be very small, but if there is any value to truth, which I believe there is, then no portion big nor small of truth can be insignificant.”
“I’ll give you that.”
“Okay, now if the picture or truth is split, then each has different parts of it. Some of the parts would have to be the same, otherwise both sides wouldn’t argue; if they both had different pictures, then they would be different things completely, and neither would try to consolidate the two.”
“I’m trying to follow… I guess that does sound right.”
“If either side had a big enough portion of the picture, they would be able to see precisely how the missing piece fit in. Since that is not the case, neither side could have a significant part of the picture. 
Even the person with the bigger portion of the picture still couldn’t have more than half without knowing generally what the rest is. Every person should accept that we are all inherently at least a little bit wrong about everything we think we know. 
We should never question whether we are wrong, rather in what way are we wrong. 
Also we might as well warm up to the idea, that the person with whom we find ourselves arguing, might have some portion of the truth that we are looking for.
…hopeful we are looking for the truth, and not just support for our own opinion. So we should listen up and find the missing pieces, and fill in the picture.”

There wasn’t much more we talked about. We did play a few games of chess. I think I am getting better, because I at least start to recognize my mistakes a few moves before it becomes obvious how bad they were. Hopefully I will be able to recognize them before I actually make them.


Puzzle for the day:
There are four workers that each started on a January first of different years. The boss started each out at a dollar a week, and increased their salary a dollar a week each year. The worker who had worked the longest at the company saw all the money for all four salaries for that week and said, “That’s exactly three times more than five years ago. How long have they each been working there?
“The question seems like it has nothing to do with the information you gave… but I trust you.”
“It will make you think, that’s for sure.”
Chapter 15

Well, Journal, it was a fun sleepless night. I hope you enjoyed the story of Jack Emerson and Christopher. I would keep writing, but I have to get to class.
And don’t worry about me, sleep is overrated, well at least that is what I keep trying to convince my body. I probably will sleep through class again though.  I really thought I was going to run out of pages before I had to go to class, but I guess pages won this one.
My boss once told me that I was a fifty year old trapped in a twenty year old’s body. I thought maybe she was right, I do feel like I belonged in the twenties. But after writing this story tonight, I don't feel I really know much of life beyond my age, that’s probably for the better, I don’t want to spoil the surprise. 
I did however relate to Chris, part of me wishes I would just take some time off and play in the snow.
Oh and by the way, the puzzles I wrote about were from my friend Bob. I partially blame him among others for why my mind is always racing; not that it wouldn't be otherwise, but he makes me think.
A puzzle for him I just thought of, ‘could the best chess game ever be anything but a draw?’
A fit rival and a well-played game wouldn't allow anything else.
Also another thing I should say, Jack Emerson did not materialize is my mind just today. Most of what I just wrote, is what has been floating around in my head the last month or so. I could have titled the story, Brent November and a bit of October. 
I accumulate so many scrap pieces of paper, and backs of receipts with notes on them, that every once in a while I have to consolidate them into a story. You could say I compiled Jack more than wrote him. 
I just realized, that writing does give me a glimpse of how I am feeling, to see my thoughts and feelings take on a personality or two. 
I am writing and so I must be happy, that’s good to know. Whether I write or my stomach hurts is a crude way to understand my emotions, but I can see them now in Jack, Chris, Beth, Charley, and the young man with pocket watch.

To my future wife, 
I hope this story helps somehow to better understand who I am. I think everyone has got a Jack Emerson in them, and I can't wait to see what yours will be like.
                             -Brent

P. S. If this has any purpose to anyone besides me, I would hope that is inspires someone to ask questions they had never thought of before, or return to old questions for which they never found answers.
P.S.S the answer to the last puzzle is six, seven, eight and nine years. 


