Bah Hah Yonamah

by

Garden Urthark

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2009 Albert J. Miele, Jr.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this eBook.  You are welcome to share it with your friends.  This book may be reproduced, copied, and distributed for noncommercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.  If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite eBook retailer to discover other books by this author.  Thank you for your support.

All parts of this book are fiction, and names, characters, places, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

To my wife, Sung,
and our son, A.J.

“Please, no squeeza da banana!”
(Louis Prima)

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
A Bob Hope’s Ending
Postscript
About the Cover Artist
Cover Illustration by Sung Kim
About Garden Urthark
Discover Other Titles by Garden Urthark
Connect with Garden Urthark Online
1

[Narrated by Tony Bumppo:]

I had decided to become a playboy:  in the Catskills?  No.  The pyramid I was in was of a different category, and there was no maid service.  Reincarnation not being a philosophy as much as a need, there were times I thought I'd, ach! ugh!—run out of Kleenex from all the dust!  While everybody else had a girlfriend or a wife to look after, I had what you might call an aversion—an aversion, yeah, to keeping up with all my various and sundry charts, my requisitions from an inhospitable multitude which accompanied me.  You know what I mean:  laughter was not my idea of an alternative, yet uncontrollable outbursts began to enchant the tenants of my genetic code, given so many centuries—of indifference.
I went to the movies:

"I'll give you the scenario.  I was gettin’ a haircut when I seen this guy in my living room."
"Watch it!" the copilot interrupted, only to be ignored.
"Whaddayou crazy?" the pilot argued:  "Ya see the way the tree tops”—he made a fish-like movement with his hand, bearing down hard in a swoop over some jungle.
"I thought we was gonna be hit!" the copilot coughed.
"My wife, Bea, talkin:  talking!" the pilot went on.
"We been over that," the copilot whined.
"Ain't you got no humor?" the pilot asked, then, noticing something:  "You can get it for me wholesale!"  He brought the chopper into a dive:  "Capito?" he demanded, in Italian, sending a sputter of machine gun fire into the treetops.

[Change of scene to a Greenwich Village cafe in New York.]

Where were we?  Have you ever been up late at night like a marathon runner with a message of bad news?
Like turning a page in a comic, I learned to recognize—pardon me (he addressed a waitress):  "Two scoops, please"—that desire in a woman, according to certain ancient texts, authorities . . ."  (She brought him the ice cream.)  "No napkin?" . . . could determine the inverse square law of . . . (She brought him a napkin.)  "That'll be fine" . . . female mating habits, notwithstanding that costs should rise when frustrations decline.

[Change of scene back to television:  then, on television:]

[Trumpets sound with flash of electric blue and hot pink, neon-framed credits, beginning, "Starring Jerry Dangerfield," with a trumpet windup to Tony's voice-over narration:]

Mona warned me . . .

[Multiple screen neon-framed shots of pretty legs.]

I had decided . . .

[Trumpets]

Mona!

[Trumpet whine]

I had decided . . .

[Silence]

I had decided to put a thousand lunar calendar years of dreamily mulling over the flaws and failures of my one chance for reincarnation—if I could only be a man—into a down payment of fifty camels for a wife:  Mona!—she demanded, no, required, well, uh, where would we get the camels?

[Time passed.]

The first thing I would need would be an apartment.

[More time passed.]

And what would we do for money?  I watched some TV:

A screen door slammed.
"I told Nicky not," said Mom, "to let that Joey Heatherton play with Timmy's toys."
"Oh!" Nicky's footsteps pounded to her room.
"If I told her once, I told her . . ." Dad broke off, then continued—"If she's gonna move, fine!  But I'm tired of hearing her insolent remarks."
"Dennis," Nicky commanded, "are you gonna?"
"What?" that frog-like adolescent twang sang out, fighting every millimeter of guppy.

[Credits on TV with a change of channel:  flick, flick]

"And the cast of General Hospital.”

[Flick]

"With appearances by Bones, Jim, and Spock from Star Trek.”
And I watched TV.

"It isn't Jim!"  Bones rushed into a room paralyzed with onlookers, which included Spock, and gruffly pulled a fuse from an android look-alike of Kirk.  The real Kirk, presumably in on the secret, then joined the silent group, turning a corner into the room.

[Jerry Dangerfield takes over as narrator.]

"Nothin doin’," Jerry mimicked:  "Yaooh can either clean up your act and get me the camels or I'm gonna put you on the third ring of Saturn widdout a credit card."  Aw, yeah, yeah:  in my mind, I mocked what Pharaoh might have said to me.  But Pharoah was actually easy to get along with, just as long as you were in by nine.  What he didn't like, I never figured out.  Late nights up with his zombies, I had had my fill of him and his pyramid.  But who, what am I, God, to be so blessed?
I had plenty to read:  (from Slick Finger Sly)!

I took the train—"He dead"—over to some new Washington Square of a winter, hot with a cold like the quiver of a sidewalk with a body on it, just after the spirit's gone to a brighter shade of year.
All I had were what a lady thought important enough to let me find:  a lipstick in a silver-plated casing, of the standard red in color, some Kleenex, white, fluffy, what's this? and scented, ooh, couple o' toothpicks—I had climbed up to help a knight once, when the old general died, back in L.A.—a key ring, a makeup kit, with mirror, the color of dried blood—and found a stone like a ruby, but like nothin’ from this lady's world— bunch of crystals, what they were, scraped up in a handful with a pen knife, in a soft sweet calf-leather pocketbook that could snap you shut with a clasp of gold.  I could jump for a gal, yeah, right over the moon.

And I watched TV:

"Oh, Perry," interjected Perry's colleague.
"Yes, Paul."
"Stella," Perry Mason, with his dark-eyed innocence to protect the law, accelerated a whim like the tire of a Packard over gravel, when the headlights go swimming among the shrubbery and the lurk of danger is like the plug of a .38:  "That case, what was it, the one Marlowe settled," look of puzzlement, "over in San Francisco, the porno ring, black mail?"
 "Where do you think we are, Perry?" Stella cautioned, with a glance at the crowd around them:  they took a seat on the metro.
 "The crown jewels"—what? inquired Stella's eyes to Perry's comment, "stolen from," Perry went on, "the King of Hell."
 A briefcase opened, spring metal sound.  "From Melville?" he asked at a metro stop.  Paul looked to correct him, raising his eyebrows.
 "Tired?" Stella concluded, more than asked.
 "No," Perry snapped.

[Tony Bumppo again as narrator.]

Cruising Vegas!  If I had been out till nine, I wanted out till 9:30.  Did I want out?  Like a gatekeeper who collected the veil for every Aphrodite like a men's room attendant in an atrium of Erishkegal's Desert Inn, who didn't make the grade for hat check, I had a convertible like a third-row seat in the Second Temple, on country club carpet spotted with every gum drop, syrup, and ash of cigar, ground by every spike, pump, and drooling unsanctified loafer—Vegas might not be Egypt—Gizeh could be pizza for all I knew about getting along with Pharaoh—but let me put it to you this way:  if he wasn't asleep, you were, so if you were up, which wasn't often, Pharaoh meant—everything you were doin’ while he was not there.  At that time, we worked the Casinos:  we were doormen, bellhops, cab drivers—it was the one time I had been awake a consecutive series of days roughly contemporaneous with the inhabitants of the planet:  in at least 5,000 years . . .

2

"He needs help," she muttered.
Tien, he thought?
No, himself, she thought.
"But it looks dead."
"Who?"
Hoang-Ha's comment hung in the air, no, like gunpowder, exploded (gunpowder from a Strategic Hamlet program rather than a revolutionary war entrenchment—not a musket but an M16 went off).
"You wanted that changed?"
"We didn't do enough work on 'nat.  You want with an h at the end?"
"No . . ."
"Name again?"
"That's all I have time for, Tien."
Don't worry about every bump in the road, she thought.  
"How much writing do you want?" Hoang-Ha exclaimed.
"They write reports," Tien jabbered.
"Uh huh . . . about . . . It."
"I don't think we can make it."
"What do you mean?" Hoang-Ha falteringly made a bid as if with poker chips for his flower (Tien).
"We're getting ready to do him in," she thought aloud.  "Do you think we can ever love each other enough?" she inquired.
"Uh huh," Hoang-Ha attested, bleating in his wife's face.
"Boo ha, Hoang-Ha!" Tien mocked.
"Boo ha, Tien! But to me you'll always just be Pooksie."  (He enjoyed using an Americanism that he'd just picked up.)
"Look, how many kids duh yuh have by me?" Tien challenged.
"I have just so many," Hoang-Ha muttered.
"Hahahaha," she laughed, four, just those four hyperspatial laughs.  "Yeah," she laughed, perhaps giving off some pheromone, "You and your mother!"  (Tien had picked up an Americanism of her own.)
"No, you can't do that."  (He caught something he didn't like on the report.)
"What do you mean?" Tien's sweet strength inspired him.  Then:  "I wanted to talk to you," Tien complained absentmindedly.  
Uh oh, big trouble:  "Who does?" Hoang-Ha replied.
"Wait a minute," Tien interrupted, "I think," she swallowed, "I'm getting a reading."
She was in that room too long, Hoang-Ha thought.
Whadda'you do about it? Tien thought.  He came in here, I mean, Boo! he was just here, and I don't know what to think.  
“Rurrrh!”
"Did you hear that?—I have a way of testing!"  Hoang-Ha exclaimed.  "No," Tien interjected.  "The monster, nuh, the serpent, let's call it, no," and her nervousness freed some flood of impossible pyrotechnics through the glittering tunnels of her veins, like tunnels lined with gemstones of a fire further than Venus might be from half the distance to Mars by the Moon:  "He's—no, it's not quite a serpent so much as a . . . a . . . a . . . dragon!"
"And he's not small," Hoang-Ha interrupted, no stated, no, wanted to correct his Tien's perception.
"You better believe it," Tien uttered.
"Get that work done!" Hoang-Ha shouted, catching her enthusiasm.
"Uh huh," Tien agreed, invoking as if in prayer a part of her own beloved Pooksie to love her more.  Yet if love were like a fuel you could run out of, she had no love for Hoang-Ha.  Love not being that to her, she herself had felt? no, yeah, felt a bit—a bit of the fear Hoang-Ha knew for a man to feel against so great an adversary.  Human emotions needed to be tempered down, she always thought, as if the water used to cool them were not enough—that that purgation which might lead to a calm self united enough to take on any enemy could put one under a hegemony of emotions like that of a tyrant—who?—an oligarch, let's say, who ruled over a nation of slaves—that purgation could leave a human being out like a plate of flood to be devoured by a hungry alien—huh?
"Tell me about it," Hoang-Ha razzed.
"Wait a minute," Tien commanded.  "You can't write."
"Who can't?"
"No, I got that," Tien reassured Hoang-Ha, then getting excited—"We got it, huh huh, huh huh, yeah we got it."
"We got what?"
"No, you left that out," Tien went on.  "This has gotta be good now."  
"All right, we'll make it good," Hoang-Ha decided.  "Don't laugh, but I think we have something here."
"Yeah, we have something, all right," Tien reassured her future husband.  "By the time we got around to it," she grunted, indicating by this the extra amount of energy expended.
"We were lucky to have that chance."  Hoang-Ha punted on fourth down into Tien's lotus hands.  At least, the ball was coming to her, since, as Hoang-Ha concluded, "Even a fifty yard punt could not possibly reach our part of this battle with Gilgamesh."  He paused:  "Then we forgot all that other?"
"No, we lost that other thought," Tien agreed, then:  "This is hilarious, huh?"
"No, it's gotta have everything in it now," Hoang-Ha responded.  He was like a mad scientist just up from his laboratory.
"Naw," Tien jabbered.
"Who said that?" Hoang-Ha asked playfully, indicating the possibility of a large but fake anger.  "Would you cut it off, then?"  A moment of doubt followed.  Then:  "Wait a minute, what's happening here?"
“RRRRuhhr!”
"I can't get a plot together . . ." Hoang-Ha joked.
"Whad'id you say?" (Tien didn't understand what he'd meant.)
“RRRrrr!”
" . . . to kill the monster, uhhh?"  (Hoang-Ha finished his sentence.)
"You laugh," Tien mocked.

There was a puzzle here to be considered.  In a sentence—in a phrase, as they say, Tien and Hoang-Ha were in love:  Tien got on the phone, "I need 120 men, three tanks, the law, two bazookas, and three mortars to get this Godzilla cleaned outta here."  Then, almost as an afterthought:  "Order me up some helicopters."
There was a pause, see, because, who?  Hoang-Ha, could not tolerate Tien's having made the order for helicopters without consulting with him first.  It was a situation that could blow up like the pictures of a pinup mentioned at the wrong moment.
"Look, Tien," Hoang-Ha expounded, "We're the only ones that'uv really sighted this thing like Godzilla—we'll call it Gilgamesh . . ."  Then he lost his tract of thought for a moment.
"You gotta watch out," the flower of Hoang-Ha cautioned—because there was already a local newspaper account about the monster.  
"Ah," interjected Hoang-Ha.
A hundred-twenty men, thought Tien.  Will it be enough to destroy the monster?  "Never mind the tanks," she confided to Hoang-Ha, "the 120 men we want with them may not be enough."
"A hundred-twenty men with the law, bazookas, mortars and choppers should be enough to knock off any King Kong."
"I think they did call out a National Guard for King Kong rather than just the New York police force," Tien thoughtfully responded.
"The monster was visible over the city," Hoang-Ha read from a local paper, then (aside), "if city you would call it."  Then he resumed reading:  "So that, as it approached the suburbs, it could be seen towering up to destroy houses, cars, and people."  Hoang-Ha quit reading.  After all, he and Tien, as associates in the Scientific Observatory of Alien Life Forms (SO-ALIF) would handle the emergency with all due dispatch.  Yes, indeed:  Hoang-Ha now contacted the local police to tell them that he wouldn't be needing their immediate help because the army would be being called up against the monster for the time being.
True, Tien and Hoang-Ha were but youngsters under the threat provided them by this creature each would call Gilgamesh, rather than King Kong, say, or Godzilla, that Asiatic creature so completely a duplicate of this present one, but Hoang-Ha, used to a soldier's life, was at least a young man without a war at the present, since Vietnam, to worry about.  He found himself in that icky-sticky position one can get into when being overwhelmed by as many as one woman.  It was not that Hoang-Ha was not angry at not having ordered in the troops himself, but it was just that he had a congenital distrust for all such calls for help outside the immediately controllable.  A few beats of the eyelash, a head nod, nod of the head in return, along with whatever unconscious communications built up in an entire people over the duration of the entire Vietnam War, including the pre-U.S. involvement there, whatever silent communications could occur, would settle it that Tien would finally end up making the call.  But that was not the way to meet? no, to beat the monster, the two young lovers seemed to know.
Still, Hoang-Ha hated all of that.
There were 120 men on the way.  He didn't have time to think it all through—the logistics.  He was in love with Tien.  And now he could see that the monster was on the periphery of the city-suburb of Bethesda.
“Rrrrhhh!”
He was as big as the close-up of a man's head on a drive-in picture screen.  And—he looked so much like Godzilla, that, never mind . . . Hoang-Ha thought:  but not to finish a thought—that was a sign of something:  Never mind!  That was a sure sign for worry!  There were no tunnels to hide in, even if he had dug one like one of the hundreds of miles of tunnels which latticed the undersurface of the terrain of Vietnam, dug by the Viet Cong (he had actually hid in one once, during a bombing raid).
"What do you think, Tien," Hoang-Ha questioned, heading for their car—his and Tien's, a SO-ALIF jeep.
"I think we should get away from rat's alley where the dead men lost their bones," Tien responded, tailoring up a quote from T.S. Eliot.  Let's go down to the Pentagon, was the unspoken thought the two shared, as it was customary to go down and file reports on their daily sightings, even if some large fire power were being sent up by now.
 
Hoang-Ha was still upset: Tien had made the important call.  The anger was ever so bad, yet Hoang-Ha could Buddha it out, as he might have said.  He could sizzle like steam out of a grungy teapot, or grunt like burps out of an adopted baby, when the baby was one's own, but the adoption a process of paperwork proportions to make the mind spiral out in gone revolutions of anxiety.  The pieces of the puzzle wouldn't fit, and Hoang-Ha was a solver of puzzles.  But would the solution bring him sadness, at least as far as Tien and he were concerned?  So far, he solved the puzzle—capture, or, not impossibly, he had to kill the monster:  what about him and Tien:  would the two of them fail to love each other more, as the beginning of their love promised?
"Let's forget the Pentagon," Hoang-Ha jabbered, with one of those impulsive changes of plan that made him famous.
"Huh?" Tien blurted.
"Let's take a look down by the canal."  (He meant the C & O Canal, which follows the Potomac River.)  Hoang-Ha turned left down MacArthur instead of right toward the Beltway.  He could get too carried away with himself.  So he swung left on MacArthur, but Tien's instinct to reprove rather than encourage turned immediately behind Hoang-Ha like a car tailing his at a distance of 10 yards. Hoang-Ha went on driving, but with Tien's antagonism as if right behind him, he was even more intent on hurrying down to the lock and lock house, completely on his own initiative.  It was a hunch he had—about defending Washington. 
He drove down to the lock below Glen Echo—the old amusement park that closed in the late 60s.  Tien, with gaping astonishment, unable or unprepared to offer argument, merely questioned her mate, "Why do you think you can beat the U.S. Army at defending Washington?"
Hoang-Ha only reversed a wry smile by the turning in of the right corner of his mouth.  "Look, Tien," and here he liked caution, knowing the parade of Tien's argument well ahead of time—he was not to take too many chances on his job—he was to guard against his over impulsiveness and his over creativity—he was . . . And yet, yet, he could not do it, "Tien, get out," he ejaculated, with enough insouciance that she listened.
She got out of the car.  Then they walked to the lock house together from the parking area and identified immediately that if the monster were to make it down Canal Road, then what?
"My idea was," Hoang-Ha began, "to get the monster down here . . ."
Tien only raised her two frightened eyes toward Hoang-Ha's, like the pop of a turtle's head out of the surface of the canal in the spring.  No, Hoang-Ha could see a freshly planted rice paddy with rice shoots unplucked in those eyes, full of rice.
"We get the monster," General Hardnought bleated, appearing as if out of a cloud behind the two young lovers, "we get him into the canal," he went on, "in the river, if need be . . ."  The General went wide-eyed.
"Ah," Hoang-Ha ejaculated.  "You can get him in the river, sir," he agreed, and here he watched the General's surprise at the agreement.  
"But?"  Did the General seek to outguess Hoang-Ha?
"No buts, sir."  The General would have frowned, except that a darkening of his brow saved him from that.  "He could drown, sir," Hoang-Ha went on.  General Hardnought stared down into the brown waters of the canal.  Hoang-Ha continued, "It's a base of operations safe from the population of the area—" and the General's hard expression softened, "with plenty of room to move around in—to fire at the monster and so on, if need be—capture him if we can."  Hoang-Ha noticed a raised eyebrow, "By all means, General," and here the General's raised eyebrows almost became an angry bridge, widening along the face rather than rising . . .
"What was thought?" General Hardnought erupted in pigeon English.  Hoang-Ha might have a better idea than the General about how to proceed, and then the General would have to follow it, all to his continuing annoyance.
"We've called up some troops, sir."  What?  There was a shock like the percussions in the air from a B-52 raid.
"Called up some troops," the General repeated, and a wry smile went with that, a bitter smile.
"Sir," Hoang-Ha confided, "Tien and I did decide, sir, between us, sir, up at SO-ALIF base-Bethesda, to call for help on this, sir," and here his mind went blank, with the blank like a momentary loss of consciousness, at least of the consciousness of his own argument—"on the sighting we've made of an alien which we're calling, for want of a better name," and he crawled up out of his momentary amnesia—"Gilgamesh!"
"Bomb 'im!" the General shouted.
"Huh?" Hoang-Ha choked, as if to be shoving glasses back on his nose or, with a flick of his first and second fingers, to be tossing back some errant brow hair off his forehead.
"It's just an expression," the General explained, with a wistful look out at the canal, as if at some invisible audience (the General knew so well how to draw an onlooker on into the intricacies of his perceptions).  "A hundred-twenty men," he mused:  "Thirteen helicopters—12 Blackhawks and a dust-off . . ."
"With M16s," Hoang-Ha interrupted.
A wry look, with a near to mean sarcasm, leapt the distance to the Hoang-Ha who could no more accommodate a sarcasm than a Las Vegas casino could accommodate a lobby full of boat people:  if the sarcasm could not make the leap, but, rather, fell the distance it took to work its freight of sarcasm at least midway across the casino lobby, then—the monster could not wait for the sarcasm to take effect.  He was visible, suddenly:  over Glen Echo Park—over the mini-put-put golf course (where it used to be).
"Duck!" Tien ejaculated.
I couldn't believe it, thought Hoang-Ha.
"Believe it!" the General cried out.
"What should we do?" cried Tien.
"What should we do?" Hoang-Ha cried out.
"Oh, wait a minute," the General collected himself over an afterthought, as if to say to an impatient bank teller, "Oh, let me find some I.D."
"All right," Tien conceded in rose-petal, almost lotus-petal tone.
"Let's get to the car—" Hoang-Ha directed the group.
Tien saw the logic.  She quickly followed Hoang-Ha, her buzzy buzzy bee, almost a butterfly, who carried her on the updraft of his wings while the General followed.  The General had to relinquish command, though, for a moment, to the need for a getaway.  But the upstarts' request for armaments and men grated and grated on his nerves like bad cheese on spaghetti being served up to a man about to be shot in the head:  should he go and get his own car, which was parked up at a local grocery store, normally too far to walk to from the canal—because you could only walk from the canal to the grocery store along the circuitous meandering of Canal Road?  He jumped in the back seat of the SO-ALIF jeep like a kid in the early 60s piling into his parents' overheated car for a trip to the beach on overheated plastic seat covers. The distance to the beach would seem almost palpable, to the point of a reality that could almost be called into being by plain desire.  Now, although there was, at least, a battle to be fought by the General, Hoang-Ha had not done enough in his mind to fight his own battle, to be man enough to earn the love of a woman like Tien.

3

Gilgamesh was the name Hoang-Ha and Tien had given to the monster.  (Often the verbal exchanges between them were so much like internal thought that attribution of an idea to one or the other would be impossible.  Yet they seemed to get along without encouragement, besides that which they gave to each other and that which came from God:  in this case, Buddha.)
No, Gilgamesh was not an incarnation Hoang-Ha could recognize right away.  He proposed that the monster might be an incarnation of Shiva, but he had to pause and think:  "Tiamat could come down as a whale," he muttered, "like the uh, uh, uh, uh, leviathan of Western culture."  He could almost be talking to himself, except when Tien herself might pick up on the end of a phrase, like the lift of wind under an ao dai when the movement of air could signal the presentiment of an eternal spring.  Hoang-Ha had habits.  They were formed like ingots of steel under how many kelvin the sweatiest chest of the biggest mill worker could hardly tell for the heat. 
The General flinched a little—if the General flinched, why would he flinch?  An embarrassment followed, as if to be explained:  have you ever seen an armadillo?  In Vietnam they have a water buffalo that would never hurt an armadillo.  An armadillo doesn't like water, so you couldn't get him in a rice paddy.  But if an armadillo ever surprised a Viet Cong in a flooded tunnel, do you think an armadillo would run to a water buffalo for help?  Some explanation!
"So what about it?" Hoang-Ha demanded.
"Uh huh," echoed Tien, as if taking sides with the General.
"What the hell are you talkin about?" Hoang-Ha burst like a 40 millimeter shell over his companions' heads.
It was too much for the General, that outburst, and he would have got out of the car with blanched face and slammed the door after him in stony silence if he could.  He could not, though.  For Hoang-Ha knew one thing about Gilgamesh that not even the Queen of the Underworld knew about the King—that was, Gilgamesh could not hope? could not possibly—could not possibly, what?  A noise squawked through Hoang-Ha's head like a pterodactyl:  “Grrrrhh!”  The monster's growl, out of sync with Hoang-Ha's thoughts, shattered through the car like the sound of a coconut ripped apart by an M16, with documentary-drama, sound-track-quality intensity.  
"We're goin down Canal Road!" Hoang-Ha shouted, half hanging out of his car door.
"Uh huh," the General shouted back.
But the monster, after scaling down the rocky wall from the old children's-ride arcade, turned and started waddling toward Great Falls, dragging his tail behind him (as Hoang-Ha saw in his rear-view mirror, racing down Canal Road in his jeep at 85 mph).  "If I see another one of these King Kong creatures," the General pouted from the back seat, "it's gonna be like I'm back in springtime 1945, dodging shells on my way in to Berlin."  A fear swept through Tien, irrational and cold, that one could be raped by American soldiers.  It was an unstated atrocity of the War in Vietnam which trailed off like the glow from bombs that seemed pretty at a distance when seen at night, bombs that could turn ugly:  the best that could be said about them would be, an atmosphere could come in with a shell that could mean a type of murder that could not be tolerated in any court of human law.

"You better not have been unfaithful to me," Tien warned.
"Who got it?" Hoang-Ha blurted.  "Hah hah hah hah hah!"  The laugh came out like a bunch of bums off a street corner.
That doesn't matter, Tien thought.  Then:  "Yeah, you laugh!  She never went in for arguing, she was action, not talk. 
"Aw," Hoang-Ha grumbled to himself.  His wrists could not make that show of themselves that only men with hairy wrists, it would seem, could make in Occidental cultures, when, unconsciously, they wanted to show just so much wrist hair, to remind you that a fist attached to a wrist could turn itself into a punch, on the hunch, that a fist in the face could go crunch!
"OK," and you could see the General's agitation—the sight of that wrist, for what?—he knew not—brought back memories to him of guys he would run by on the college football field with the joke he would have told like an early Christmas present still unwrapped in his helmet.  He was the type who might miss a basket purposely in basketball to protect himself from hubris.  But it would take some strength to escape from the problem of hairless wrist.  A hairless Asian arm—as only a veteran from the War with Japan would know—could present its own threat.  If the punch came in like a kamikaze pilot, how well could the General divert the suicidal crash?
"I told you so!" Tien slapped toward Hoang-Ha like a hockey puck.  "We should have gone to the Pentagon along the Parkway.  Instead, we're taking Canal Road."  She paused just long enough for Hoang-Ha to catch the rose in her cheeks like a crab scurrying away from the shore along a beach.  "And we're going there anyway," she concluded.     
The comment came off like one of those ridiculous fistfights that happen all the time in hockey, and Hoang-Ha wanted to catapult stones from his head—the challenges heaped upon him by his almost-wife were like vats of boiling water, they got so searing in their intensity.  Had all four tires blown on his jeep at that moment, he would not have got out to change a single tire.  He checked his rearview mirror, and his anger gave him a distorted view:  the General looked like he spewed laundry fumes—with bubbles—from his head, as if the head had been sliced like an apple, in a 1-to-3 ratio from left to right, and then put back together again like Humpty Dumpty.  Hoang-Ha drove with a singleness of purpose that was steady as his blood pressure.  Women could not have run a better drive up a football field on halfback slants than Hoang-Ha's anger could turn, like a lady in her sport high heels, to go back to SO-ALIF.
"What the . . ?" the General spit at the back of Hoang-Ha's head.
Hoang-Ha didn't answer.  Tien, however, near to exploded.  Rationally, she could not make the connections necessary to understand how much Hoang-Ha loved her, when even the General could see it.  But, like a laundress with three more loads of Dry-Clean-Only wash to do (which she might have got done had she not ironed table napkins for a Chinese restaurant all day long), Tien could not have known, herself, the complexities of Hoang-Ha's love any better than she did.  Yet, it was true, something had happened in that moment of almost anger.  Tien's heart had skipped a beat—and a more and a more and a bigger beat than ever before—when, just as usual, at such unpredictable moments, Hoang-Ha could slip the glass slipper on her tootsie that no other woman could wear.

To turn a sheep by its tail in Hebrew is aliyah.  To turn a car by its wheel 360 degrees with three passengers in it at 35 miles per hour is:  nuts.  "Shoot!" Tien signaled to her loved one—although she knew a lot about war, she never got to know much about the South China Sea.  It wasn't the depth of the sea that Tien needed to know better, perhaps by plunging into it—there were times she thought, if that is what you'd call it, that she could almost swim the distance to the Philippines from  Vietnam to get out of her defeated country.  But what about before that?  Nights in the country of the Viet, on a boat about to reach its destination for too-many days, after the believed-in or wished-for sight of land would offer some real promise of a new life and some warm clothing—then nước chấm sauce (dipping sauce) like tomato sauce on spaghetti (for Italians) would not be wasted on a plate of flying fish that flipped on board that night.  Still, an automobile was not a boat, and everyone had not seen Gilgamesh.  Hoang-Ha could see quite plainly through his front windshield the reverse of what he'd seen through the rear:  Gilgamesh headed tail-behind-him down Canal Road toward Great Falls.  Enough!  The monster was larger than the General had thought.  To see him, though, the gila resembled a tyrannosaurus rex, "Good enough for stuffing!" the General exclaimed.  
Evidently, the monster attempted to follow Canal Road some, "Until maybe instinct . . ." assailed it, Tien began but didn't finish the thought, leaving off midway.  It was running instinctively down—no, out Canal Road.
"Is that the . . . best you can do?" Tien exclaimed, startling herself with her own directness—some thought!  The absentminded way she'd got that in on Hoang-Ha, however, made him flex his wrists almost to the point of wanting to punch a tree with his car.  For the sake of God, thought Hoang-Ha, he'd done all he could do, and she was still unsatisfied!
Suddenly, it was as if the monster raised his head in recognition of the weaklings who followed him.  "It's his tail by which he keeps his balance," Hoang-Ha pointed out.
"You have that right," the General agreed.  "I read about that once—at the Smithsonian."  The General wanted to elaborate, but it was almost as if he couldn't speak at all because his speech almost seemed to antagonize the monster at a distance.  There was simply no getting around it:  the animal—reptile—saurian—could show fear, while the General, General Hardnought—began to feel that loss of energy—call it a loss of presence in religion—where, like a swimmer in some medley relay who might do a faulty flip-turn, with one foot on the pool wall, the other kicking toward air, he and his bruised ego did not yet smart from the miscalculation which could bring him into contact with that itty bitty fear on the top of the swim toward Gilgamesh—the General did a bad flip-turn.  But the car raced ahead, now almost overtaking the monster, down Canal Road, right behind it—he must have reached a height of 50 feet.  Hoang-Ha, however, becoming overawed, thought to get a picture of it, if there were only a camera—"Ah, my Minolta," the General realized.  He pulled it from his right front pocket and started clicking pictures.
"General!" Tien exclaimed:  "We're going to drive under the animal's legs!"  There was real fear in her voice:  where were those troops she'd ordered?  They must be at Cabin John by now, she hoped, heading toward the creature at the overpass exit there, but the creature, looking up toward Cabin John, snarled as the passengers of the SO-ALIF jeep passed his tale on the way under, or perhaps by, the tremendous bulk of his legs, each passenger pinned to his seat as if under 50 g's.  It was like passing under the shadow of a blimp.  The windows of the car being wide open, Hoang-Ha's hair waved like a Midwesterner's on his way home from Sunday School.  The monster swung his head down suddenly to near eyeball level with the car, and bared his teeth with one terrible snarl which the passengers unconsciously matched, or, let us say, imitated, as if to please the monster more by the baring of their own teeth.
Hoang-Ha believed he had achieved something.  He could not even remember his morning's quarrel with his soul mate, Tien.  Except he did.  He exploded into a quotation from Eliot, "When I'm pinned and wriggling on the wall"—but the quote suddenly seemed so inappropriate (only because he hated Eliot) that he changed it to:  "till I dare not eat a peach!"  (From another part of the same poem.)  And the General and Tien turned new eyes on him.  "I know somebody who's got a tank!" Hoang-Ha almost shouted.

The monster's shadow, like one off a ski lift over snow, hovered off an indeterminate depth, hung over our characters, just long enough to trip Tien out onto that long icy slalom that slides head over heels, off both skis, into love:  Hoang-Ha was so lonely—that was the thought that came—that pierced her—his sense of humor—no, propriety, uh uh—it was, just, the way his hair just touched the edge of his ear, and that was all.
The compact rushed up Canal Road past the monster, and, having bypassed it, the characters whistled inside with relief.  They were a kettle of sizzling hot teas just about ready for crumpets.  Then the gila's shadow left the car back out in sunshine, with the gila searching between his claws for the mouse that had stolen his piece of cheese.
Some mumbo jumbo came carp belly upward from the Tidal Basin of Tien's hitherto intractable calm:  if you could just get into Gilgamesh's mind, you could be said to be descending into the holes of a wasp’s nest (a wasp’s nest had little holes for the wasps to lay eggs in).  "If you needed to get an idea about the look of Gilgamesh's skull," Tien began . . .
"Well, he took the route down Canal Road," Hoang-Ha interrupted, then, spacily, "we thought he'd never . . ."
Tien listened quietly, realizing that, now, once she thought of it, that if the monster were diverted down Canal Road, civilians could be saved.  Hoang-Ha had agreed with that.  But mainly, now, he thought of the force in himself to bring about some agreement between him and Tien—when did an experience have an adequate resolution?
It was near to noon when the threesome arrived back at SO-ALIF, as if at home.  No, as Hoang-Ha turned into the driveway, he could feel a sudden anxiety from having stepped too far out of line with the General to impress Tien, who seemed to flare up in beauty all the greater were the chances that he took. If there could be a pheromone for anger that could send a signal—out to a million women to help with mating because a man did not act at a woman's critical moment as he might have—then if humanity could be viewed for a moment as a huge, highly sophisticated ant hive—then in some large, very critical collective mind—in the collective consciousness of each woman making decisions off what might be called a collective ego (pictured as the energy of a million women reading the same “I” of a first-person narrative at the same time and feeling an absolute identification with their own ego), then in the collective ego, an unsuspecting man could be condemned to be made a very real scapegoat, and Hoang-Ha did not want to be that scapegoat.
When the threesome arrived back at SO-ALIF, the General was now without a doubt the superior in control.  It was clear that the monster had blundered through the area:  phone lines were down—they snapped or sizzled down the road like clothes snapped off a clothesline, strewn across a baby's playpen.  And the ordered troops had not yet arrived.  Perhaps the Army had taken the call for a joke. 

Je vous le dis que, en Vietnam, c'était orrible.  Mais, en Vietnam, des perils étaient, come je vois vous dir—complètemente serieuxmente—chaque fois que je me pense:  trop orrible pour moi à dir.

Bah hah yonamah—I take you, such-a-one—that was what went through Hoang-Ha's mind in the pretend language of his inner, imaginative view of this world we call reality.  Man, when he got outta the shadow of the monster, he was not scared so much as, well, thrilled, with the feeling of being so aware of so gigantic an adversary. How can you explain that?  It was like retention of urine to the man in fear of a full-sized kidney stone.  Kidney stones come once, right?  You have one, you don't have another—that was not how it was at SO-ALIF.  But your mind could jump ahead to the conclusion that there was any comparison here.
Consider this:  Hoang-Ha had his manhood to prove.
Can you imagine a tackle football game in which a clothesline tackle would be like flicking a black brazier off a football player's chin strap?  Then you could make that one bad tackle—your head [go!] could go squash in your helmet in the midst of a sporting event about a field of giants, like a kid with a squashy pampers full up with a bunch of very serious material for the commode, and Hoang-Ha might have had had something to prove, but then Gilgamesh, the monster, was not exactly a theorem in geometry.
Tien became tender.  Was that an emotion that could be called appropriate to this situation, the situation being too complex for any assumptions about a select group's combined experience being called a delusion?
"Ah!  What about that tank," Hoang-Ha deliberated.  Then he came up with another Americanism:  "I gotta find me a tank."
"I thought you knew where you were," the General began, "on'nat," he concluded.

That night, would Hoang-Ha think:  If Tien dared to fall as much out of line with me this morning as I might be said to have fallen out with the General in the SO-ALIF jeep, what good would that do me?  The General could go his way, but what good would it do for me to let Tien out of my life like a dishonorable discharge if I love her?

Meanwhile we're here at SO-ALIF, thought Tien, and her temper began to go flush like the cheeks that go flush on a 14-year-old girl in the snow.  Anger could bring out a beauty in her, so much so that Hoang-Ha would almost forget the time of day.  If it were two in the afternoon, in feeling, when only morning according to numbers, then if Tien had to call for armaments and men, how many armaments would she need when the feel of the situation might be wrong, where hidden adversaries might be waiting to cut thin-spun threads of life?
"I think we've got some hits on the monster for sure," the General exclaimed mildly, "I was sure I could have shot him a good one with a .22 pistol," he yapped.
"I'm sure we could have . . ." Hoang-Ha agreed and stopped talking without finishing the thought.
"Shot him right in the heart," Tien finished the thought for him.
The mysteries of fighting a dragon, though—man!  He was not a dirigible to go up in flames, offering a new style of warfare—a gas balloon against machine guns:  whose idea was that?
"Well, Hoang-Ha, aryah means lion in Hebrew."
"Yeah, it means lion in Hebrew, all right:  Ani et ohev."
"Uh," she bleated, not understanding, "that could be."  She turned her face: twice, then looked down, no, appeared to be looking at least downwards:  "Notice us."
Who?  Hoang-Ha noted down inside, unwilling to chance the question for the effects it might not have.
"It's big, it's vicious, and it has to go."  Tien looked at Hoang-Ha—no, they weren't married yet, were they?
"Uh huh?" blurted Hoang-Ha.  "I'm hesitant."
"You're hesitant, Hoang-Ha," Tien murmured critically.
"Well, I'm hesitant," Hoang-Ha deliberated as if shooting pool into his wife's hip pocket.
“Ooooh ahhh!”
Suddenly, you could hear the monster groan horribly nearby.
"What is it?" Hoang-Ha calmly answered, as if unaware of the intervening disturbance.
"Uh," she paused, in reflex response, "huh hah, it's big, well—saurian—no, dragon-like."
"Uh uh," Hoang-Ha uttered, throwing an arm like an amusement-car safety bar over her supine arms.
"He's threatening me," the flower declared, or, rather, cooed.
"What is it?" Hoang-Ha demanded.
"It's not what you think it is, is the problem."
"You mean that?"
“What?" the flower breathed in response to Hoang-Ha's directness.
"No, we didn't get all that," Hoang-Ha pointed out, as if in a breeze:  like air that can be seen to move in front of a speaker.
"What trouble are we in?” she went on as if a hand had reached out and rustled her entire plant.  "I have all this work to do," she pouted. 
"That's right," Hoang-Ha agreed.  "Finish each thought."
"Finish each thought."  Lotus-like the apparition of a hope began.  "No, that's it," she hinted:  "they notice us."
Who?  Hoang-Ha noted down inside, unwilling to chance the question for the effects it might not have.

4

[Vietnamese chorus:  "Oooh lah oooh lah, ooh lah, ha! ha! ha!"  In sync:
D—A (drums and bass up)—E—A—this is just soundtrack, but the 
"Oooh lah, ooh lah, ha! ha! ha!" has to run as a counter force off the melody.]

[Voice-over narration:  "If ever you have a tear on your face,
with a look that would come from no safari, no trips to Africa, sir,
but just from one's normal, tear-dry reality, then you might know something
about the challenge given and received when a tear does roll down your face,
as it might rarely do, and be of consequence."]

When accusations begin to be thrown around like bad crabs at a food rebellion at a college cafeteria, then you can understand something of what the dark side of the moon might be like without a vacuum-controlled double burner to cook up some crabs and not have to worry that they'd (the crabs) would be floating all over the cabin when what you might call "Dark Side" free time might begin.  If you decompressurized the cabin down to vacuum level, you could cook up your crabs the way blood in your veins might boil in a vacuum:  but could you put on all the spices?  Only one thing was certain, the monster was not dead, indeed, it was not dead. 

Within 15 minutes, the ordered choppers hovered toward SO-ALIF station over on Rayburn Road.  They hovered in the air like a freight train throwing its pistons out and down in a rhythmic demonstration of power.  Their pressure travelled over the air and as if on the wind to bring a rhythm you'd have to set your body to, in sync, as with a train, to hop on it.  But to get on a helicopter, you had to get in sync in a slightly different manner, so that, while staying in tune with the roar from the propellers, you could understand orders when they were given, including last minute shouts of encouragement.  In your battle garb, you were not quite what a man about to ride a freight train was.  But, still, the choppers could be heard at a distance, somewhat like a freight train, ensanguining their pounding, throbbing roar in the awestruck air.

[Soundtrack:  Vietnamese chorus, with rock accompaniment:
"Boomcha, boomchah, ha ha boom-cha cha cha cha boom!"]

Hoang-Ha felt frustrated.  "Hey, Hoang-Ha," Tien complained, "What’s up?"
Hoang-Ha, deep in a revery, did not answer.  He felt—what difference did it make?  
Choppers arrived over the habitation-work place manned by the two young lovers, arriving on the front lawn of the several houses owned by SO-ALIF with a formidable sand-spiked wind.  In a sudden change of mood, Hoang-Ha might make a rash statement, if only mentally, before blasting the nearest available object of his anger.  "I see that as a partial loss," he blurted.  Tien ignored him.  But the General welcomed the comment, though it was impossible to tell what Hoang-Ha had meant.  They watched the choppers land.

"Yesssss, General, uh huh, hah hah hah," piped Snapshot, a baritone chopper pilot.  The soldiers piled out of about 10 choppers, ready for the five-minute march to Glen Echo or one-to-two-hour march to Great Falls.  "Heh heh heh-yeh," Snapshot guffawed.
"If I had told him once," John Henry erupted, "I had told him once . . ." More to the point, he narrowed the no-joke seriousness to a possible-joke seriousness, then doubled back on the possible-joke seriousness with a grin (his iron appearance had the look of the folk hero who went by that name).  
"If I had," had had a ring to it that was plentiful with promise.  He might have said, "If I tried," and then you would have known that there might have been a real loss for the morning.  With an intensity that bordered on fanaticism, John Henry could impress you.  And as an Asian, Hoang-Ha was impressed.  He could appreciate a man with an identity so gathered to that of a heroic ancestor.  In fact, an appreciation so obvious that nothing need be said, brought a chill to Hoang-Ha's back.  Never mind that to John Henry, a Vietnam vet, Hoang-Ha was a picture of pure Asian.  But did John Henry see everybody as if catalogued by type?  
Hoang-Ha thought:  Tien wanted in on the fun, she wanted spontaneity.  But that was as ripped as the ripcord on a paratrooper's jump suit.  There could be no friendship now, not after the choppers had come down.  That was all.  All she cared about was having her own way.  Ten small platoons, each about 12 men, collected around the SO-ALIF grounds like cordwood fresh cut from a fallen tree.  Did you never experience the sight of a tree, a great oak, split by lightning?
It had to be lunchtime—huh?—it wasn't—but Hoang-Ha, hungry, wanted food, and, if not food, action.  Snapshot and John Henry, it would seem, would handle everything.  What could Hoang-Ha do?
"I had told him," he heard John Henry tell the General, "what he had said before he said what he had said, after he had," it went on like that, "said what he had said," he emphasized with a finger jab toward the chest of Snapshot.  (Unaimed, the finger had not pointed like malocchio, but instead had simply made a point.)
Do you know what frustration leads to, do you know what it is?  Outbursts, large unpredictable outbursts, come from frustration—almost at regular intervals if they could be timed.  Have you ever felt so frustrated that you felt you were going to blow your top like a pressure cooker in a vacuum?  If you had a frustration that could sizzle that size, as if you were just about to blow your top for 20 years but never succeeded in blowing it, then you could go on thinking about the consequences of blowing your top till your top became a lid the size of a small boiler pan full of green beans.  You could blow it, have dinner, and still go on boiling, let the pan blacken, and your lid would have blown all the same.  What would it be like?  Believe it, the state of being on the point of blowing your top, as opposed perhaps to flipping your lid, can be excruciating.
The monster was surely now near to being caught. He could not escape immanent destruction.  A bazooka shot or two, a few rounds from an M16, and the tyrannosaurus would be museum lore, stuffed with every nicety.  No museum curator had come along for the ride, however.  Hoang-Ha's mind raced ahead into the subject of his texts:  Alien Control.  Having had nothing to do but watch the clock tick five minutes ahead at a time, prepared him way in advance to be mean enough to apply his knowledge with exact and rigid ruthless precision.  The key to killing a tyrannosaurus, always a challenge (even if none had been seen since the Ice Age), was to:  1. See to it that the creature was clear of the populace, 2. Was of no interest to be captured alive, or 3. Was of too great a danger to be captured alive.  Hoang-Ha felt a strange compulsion to look at his handbook of Landings on Foreign and Alien Lands—a small arms manual, and there was sense to that, if Hoang-Ha were to beat this particular creature himself.
"I am fine?" Tien blurted into Hoang-Ha's contemplation of the feat ahead. He ignored her.  The small arms manual was what he needed now, he felt, for sure.  He felt the need like a mother for her child:  poignantly, yet in a sudden change of reality, when people seemed to change before one’s eyes like a deck of cards being reshuffled into a pattern, or like a computer screen wrinkling into change of screen, unprompted, the soldiers began to move—like a gazelle that appeared in beauty to jump suddenly, startled, as if from a night nearness to an untraveled road.  As the helicopters spat their sand-spiked wind again of raging propellers against a cool grey sky, on file, led by John Henry, the soldiers started on the way to the Potomac, the canal, Glen Echo, on up Rayburn Road, away now from SO-ALIF:  it was almost spring.
The troops had their orders:  “Destroy.”  The command, issued that morning, had made for a more-than-awesome mood.  Which had turned boyish for Hoang-Ha, as it might for anyone in a state of admiration like his.  Tension mounted toward sacrifice:  that such good men should be acting so selflesssly in such great danger, was an old emotion.  And one did not need a copy of the Iliad to understand, to get high on the value of each and every individual—hey, come off it!—no, it was as if Homer had taken the time in his epic to describe the casualty and death of every man who ever fought in the Trojan War.  Hoang-Ha almost expected to see a spirit lift off the troops like one lifting off the body of an executed man.  He had seen plenty of death in Vietnam.
Yet he knew, instinctively, that violent death of that kind was not the only kind of spiritual danger known to man.  The monster carried a spirit, and that spirit was to go about destroying life in all the horribleness of its unexpected grasp.  How great was the spirit of humanity and how great was Hoang-Ha’s God against such another spirit?  If Hoang-Ha were to find himself man-to-beast against the monster (like a man on a guided lion hunt rather than a man in a metaphysical battle against a devil), the bigness, largeness, hugeness of the monster could possibly create a jocularity, tension in the air, for Hoang-Ha that was like the hilarity that never comes with the canned laughter on an awful television program.  It was a weird attraction to the monster itself, as if to a patina it gave off, in the oily ripple of its snaky skin.  It was like the feeling one could get when looking off a tall building, that it might be fun to jump.  But the spell of hypnotism had to be rubbed off:  this was no garter snake climbing over a garden wall.

Hoang-Ha did not forgive Tien.  She was a problem of gigantic proportions, and she would not allow him to forgive her.  Her style didn't work that way.  She would befriend to turn on you, to twist you, until she had you—enraged!  A darkness would come over Hoang-Ha at such moments, when he could see no way out—the things she would have him do!  This time he was sure that she expected him to kill the monster himself.  He would leave Tien, for sure, but right now, he knew Bethesda better than anybody else.
He went out and got on his motorcycle.  He warmed it up.  "Look," he almost spat at Tien, "I'm going to do the re-bob check—"  Tien's eyes darkened—a personal name between the two of them—re-bob—with a personal meaning for maintaining SO-ALIF checkpoints around the canal.  Hoang-Ha, determined to kill the monster, with the troops as inspiration, kicked his motorcycle into gear.  (This was one of those moments when the obvious seemed ridiculous.)  There was a quizzical, no, almost angry look on Tien's face.  "Why do that?" as if to ask—nothing more ridiculous than the re-bob check at a time like this.  Tien could make Hoang-Ha feel like he'd like to crawl into a hole.  He raced off on his motorcycle—"You'll get yours, buddy!" as if shouted at his back by a street corner bully.

"Này Công Dân ơi! Ðứng lên đáp lời sông núi.  Đồng lòng cùng đi hy sinh tiếc gì thân sống," Tien remembered, tear drops brimming from her eyes—the Vietnamese National Anthem.  (Listen, people of the country, Vietnam can become free if we all together fight without fear of death.)  
Somewhere in Vietnam, a row of bright B-52 bombs once snapped along the jungle like a white Bengal tiger sprinting for a kill.

Going down to the canal, Hoang-Ha passed the troops who were headed up Wilson Lane over to Whittier Boulevard.  He knew a quicker way—through Bannockburn.  The only important check-point, as far as Hoang-Ha could see, was the river level.  A routine check, but important.  You could not carry guns up the Potomac during the 18th century on a man-of-war, for example—it was too shallow.  A little piece of history he'd picked up.  You had to take on the guns at Hampton Roads, which was presumably down from the Potomac a ways, near Norfolk maybe, though Hoang-Ha was not really sure where it was (he had only read about it).
Another checkpoint more in the humorous aspect of the re-bob category than the river level, was to get a cup of coffee at the all-day grocery walk-in for the area.  But the river level was important to Hoang-Ha.  If the monster could be driven into the river, he could be drowned.  There were currents in the Potomac, with undertows and what not.  Many a person had drowned in the Potomac, every year.
Hoang-Ha never tried to swim in the Potomac, no, he had not.  The pollution had ruined the river way back in the 60s, and it was not a moot point whether the river would ever be swimmable again.  The tidal basin offered swimming (a small beach) at the turn of the century, but it was the theory of Hoang-Ha that the influenza epidemic which occurred around that time might have been caused by people swimming in the nastily polluted river.  These thoughts halted when a part of the Virginia landscape, which couldn't have been where it was, reared its head and rose up like a mountain before him.  Like a true fire-breathing dragon, it spat a fiery beam toward Hoang-Ha which smoked along the ground toward him like a laser.  But Hoang-Ha reacted well:  "Woop woop woop woop woop!" he cried, like one of the Three Stooges.  The monster turned and took flight—it could not fly, it hopped.  Hoang-Ha watched him the way one perceives an unconscious thought, when it suddenly comes to consciousness, and the monster suddenly seemed an even greater danger because of that.  Off his bike now, Hoang-Ha followed the monster on foot down to the old abandoned amusement park (Glen Echo) which was now a National Park.  Even so, and just as inexplicably, the hymn "Jesus Christ Is Risen Today" sang in accompaniment to the thump of his own heart and the organ moan of his own spirit:

Jesus Christ is risen today,
Al  -  le  -  lu  -  ia!
Our triumphant ho  -  ly  day,
al  -  le  -  lu  -  ia!

Hoang-Ha hiked by the arch announcing the entrance to the "Crystal Pool," which was now just a brick arch with a translucent glass top over a grassy area where the pool had been, he went past the Carousel, the only ride at the park which still operated, though only on weekends, still turning unchanged to its kaleidoscopic music, just as in the 1940s, when soldiers rode it after the war—World War II—its fierce horses and insane jackrabbits whirling up and down around a centerpiece of fluted mirrors and frowning Cupids, he hiked past the Spanish Ballroom where Louis Prima once played, with its eerie funhouse smell, and where a dozen or more embarrassed couples took dancing lessons every Saturday night before a big-band dance— 

Who did once upon the cross,
Al  -  le  -  lu  -  ia!
Suffer to redeem our loss,
Al  -  le  -  lu  -  ia!

He jogged past the Jungle Ride, now like a native temple in ruins—ooh-ooh-ah-ah-ah!—past the Bump Cars, where grass grew up between the cracks of its iron flooring, the slick oversurface having been removed on which the cars used to careen, he hurried past the "Spinning Tea Cup" ride—a pigeon roost now, covered with pigeon droppings, and past the House of Mirrors, as if past an abandoned shack with a cigarette billboard on its side—till he stopped where the Ferris wheel used to be and where suddenly the park was as if full of a crowd of people—toothy-smiling young men with angular shoulders and a cigarette who hung over an angelic daughter with cotton candy or a candy apple, or clung to the hand of a son with a balloon—mothers in white shorts with white sandals, looking like incarnations of Aphrodite, and big dark men with pot bellies and a cigar, a scowl on their face for brothers who chased each other through the crowd—screams from the roller coaster, the pipe organ jingling—lovers arm in arm, always seen from behind, on asphalt, black and oily outside the restroom—white and red—of a kaleidoscope—Hoang-Ha took off his M16 from his shoulder and went down on one knee, all in one motion, raising his weapon, and then, shot the monster—one, two, and three times—at the base of the skull, just below the head and, with mouth agape, watched the monster stumble and then—then, like a Ferris wheel tipping over, crash into the woods and plunge across Canal Road into the canal.

5

Next morning, Hoang-Ha decided to have a closer look at the tyrannosaurus.  But he had no real part in seeing to it that the scientists assigned to supervising the removal of the monster's remains be "facilitated by all due dispatch," as a SO-ALIF memo put it.  A gigantic hush mantled over the work of frogmen chaining the body up for airlift by helicopter to a Rockville warehouse.  This tyrannosaurus was big, far bigger than the one suggested by the skeleton down at the Smithsonian.  Hoang-Ha laughed a little to himself:  where would they put the thing?  Then becoming serious, he thought:  they could house it over in a little pavilion by itself, say, not unlike the way missiles and rockets of the early space program used to stand outside the Smithsonian main building for many years until the Air and Space Museum was built.
Hoang-Ha watched the frogmen from the towpath along the canal.  Once intended principally for mules that towed barges, the towpath was now used mainly by nature lovers out for a peaceful walk or jog.  Joggers, and, importantly, bicyclists, liked to take the seven miles out to Great Falls or roughly the same distance down to Georgetown.
The monster had managed to crawl, in his death agony, across Canal Road:  he looked as incongruous as a whale washed up on the shore at Virginia Beach.  Hoang-Ha, of course, had the inner knowledge, or self-assurance, that he had killed the beast himself, which was now swarmed over by the crew of frogmen.  A big Chinook helicopter overhead was to carry the Gila off.  It looked impossible, but to the helicopter pilot, no doubt, the task presented only a routine challenge.
Hoang-Ha felt a strange relation like sympathy between himself and the giant creature he'd killed.  If he felt pity for the creature, he felt pity and rage.  What unquelled rage he had left in him, he played out in self-effacement, by not acknowledging himself as the beast's killer.  "Be careful with those chains!" he almost shouted to the frogmen, but the thought remained a thought he didn't voice.  The greater thought was a pull, if you can call it that, like a Potomac undertow, on his consciousness—to talk at all.  "Say something to some of these workmen," an imaginary parent admonished him in his mind—Hoang-Ha could never do enough!  He shot the monster, and now he had to be a socialite for an imaginary parent who would not allow him to relax.  He watched while a woman reporter from the Washington Post questioned a man.  SO-ALIF was not really involved in the cleanup; the Smithsonian was responsible for the job here.  Hoang-Ha's job was Alien Control, and that job was done, except as much as he could try to figure out where the alien had come from.
How did it get here—the creature?  It didn't drop from outer space:  if it could have operated a vehicle—huh huh, Hoang-Ha laughed, hah hah hah heh!—it would have to have been the size of the Washington Monument—and even that wouldn't have been big enough, unless the alien hunkered down, like the first astronauts in their tiny capsules.
The thumb of the alien was prehensile, Hoang-Ha thought, able to touch all the fingers, as with humans and their prehensile thumb.  Humans were in certain ways superior to other animals that didn't have that advantage.  Hoang-Ha stopped with his thought like a rider in the bump cars up in the old amusement park, expecting to get hit from behind—gone now, the cars, except for the place where they once zoomed, whirred, and crackled—zzzzt, zzzt—with that antenna-like hook-up at the back of each car to give the car power.  
Another thought bumped his consciousness (from behind) with a giddiness that did not make for a laugh; not, what if the monster drove a spacecraft, but, what if it stepped through another dimension in space? Aaah-uh, the thought was too good, huh huh.
Ho-ohhh!  The helicopter lifted the Gila up:  man, what a job!  If Hoang-Ha were younger, he could feel a little like being in line for the big roller coaster ride—the big one, where people had actually been killed by touching the sign at the top of the first hill and getting knocked out of their car or by being thrown from the car for riding with no hands, not clasping the safety bar.  The line for the roller coaster was a line for sheepish grins and even prayer.
Now to see the monster being lifted off, covered and chained in a type of gunny sack to keep its skin moist, Hoang-Ha's mind flashed with an image of Moby Dick caught up in turns upon turns of whale lines.  If the Bump Cars represented frivolity of thought, then the Roller Coaster represented seriousness (which would turn to humor, since one could never help but laugh when experiencing the outrageous danger of the swoop and pitch of each fall, each acceleration down an incline that could start, as if like a machine, one's diaphragm into the peristaltic contractions of a laughter which would increase by what it fed on—like a sheep kept in suburbia to keep one's front lawn clipped!).  Then—zoom!—Hoang-Ha rode on a turn that took him back to his motorbike to have a more serious look around:  he turned down the towpath into a landscape of vibrant heat and grotesque humidity, where scrubby violet plants grabbed at his legs to tell him that something was not quite right.  Looking up, in amazement, he saw now only tropical jungle below a sky that was incredibly red.
"Huh?" was all he thought to utter, in that tone of someone not talking to himself—"My God!"  The view ahead was of a great valley, shrouded in mist, where great peaks and promontories plunged with a great waterfall into violet jungle below—ahead, the fern-covered, fern-enshrouded trail awaited him, the color of the vegetation violet, or purple, the trees black in bark, and not brown, as on Earth.  Had the Earth suddenly undergone a transformation, or had Hoang-Ha travelled somehow—and he knew it, he knew this immediately—through time and space to another planet, through some hole in the firmament, some tear in the fabric of space-time which the monster surely had come through, and perhaps desperately sought to go back to when Hoang-Ha had cut the creature's return short with the blasts of his M16?  Could Hoang-Ha go back?  He turned to retrace his steps and continued apace, unbelievingly, until he stopped, abruptly, in astonishment.  He walked back about 10 paces, any moment expecting to be transported back to twentieth-century Earth.  And?  And nothing happened.  He began to perceive the fear that one can have with the unexpected, becoming a little faint from his encounter with the supernatural.  It was because a breeze stirring through the leafy vegetation blessed him that he lost his fear, beat it down, yet—what was he to do?  He had to fight the fear down as if he were fighting a peristalsis of fear which tightened and contracted in his brain like a driver shifting gears in an 18-wheeler.
"Zee pod, zee pod, oop-puh-dee-ey!"  It was like an insect boring into his brain:  he picked up, almost like on a short-wave radio, this strange and yet compelling communication—compellingly real:  if it were telepathy, it was not of a pictorial kind, and he could make no sense of it.  He had the idea of a tribal chant, the tribe being gathered in the jungle like a tribe in Africa.
I'm lost, he thought, in another country, another land—maybe even another planet.  Suddenly it occurred to him:  This must be to expiate my sin.  He meant the killing of the tyrannosaurus, which he could have captured, after all.  And then his mind got mixed up with thoughts of Tien.  He thought to himself:  I just love her when I'm scared.  After all, it was neither the Bump Cars, nor the big Roller Coaster ride which he finally took, but the Jungle Ride—everybody's favorite:  why should he be afraid?   
Now there was just the sound of leaves rustling, crickets chirruping, and, uh?—ugly—the awful sound of a bird, like the bird of death, whose cry pierced as if from a sepulcher.  Was this T.S. Eliot's incandescent dove?  Far from it . . . it set Hoang-Ha's nerves on edge.  And the emotion, if one could describe it, was not healthy.  There was only one thing to do about it:  go to sleep.  A strange choice, you might think, but it was the first thing that occurred to him.  You see, he was tired:  he had not slept all last night, but had been up making love to Tien.  He could see no easily accessible way to any near habitation—jungle stretched out, unbroken by any sign of civilized life for as far as one could see from any promontory.  Every direction stretched, disappeared, vanished, into jungle—up or down, high or low—there was nothing, no one to be seen.  The sun was not visible in the sky, though the sky, in all its crystal redness, was clear:  it looked to be about midday.
Let's see, he had his coat to use as ground cover because, despite the jungle's canopy, he wanted a shelter.  So he set about to build a lean-to.  Which is something every kid in the United States learns how to do at summer camp, but Hoang-Ha had learned about it from books.  He had never built one in Vietnam.  He might have, he would tell you, had he ever thought of it:  but the idea never occurred to him:  people lived in thatched huts there, so they'd think to build a hut.  There were no wild animals here, he decided, by his feel for the jungle, or, at least, none that would bother him in a lean-to, so, mostly, he gathered ferns—do the easy stuff first—then, he looked for a bamboo grove, but, finding none, dragged some fallen branches over to a large tree—was it a banyan?—uh, no, nothing so poetic—just a large tropical tree with black bark and purple leaves!
Man, a bamboo grove! went the thought, as Hoang-Ha worked.  Have you ever slept in one?  It's about the cleanest place you'll ever find in a jungle.  The bamboo leaves cover the ground, in a much more cleanly fashion than any carpet of pine needles, which often just barely cover mud, or contain resin from the trees and are a little sticky.  The leaves from bamboo trees are like cedar chips you put in a hamster cage.  They're dry, and softer than a corn shuck mattress, though, it's true, they're not so soft, cause of their shape, as to make going barefoot through them easy.  The bamboo trees themselves—so straight and resilient that they're used as fishing poles—offer a kind of natural air-conditioning to an area.  You've heard of capillary action in a tube where the tube will suck liquid up into it on the force of the natural attraction between all bodies, well, then, perhaps the bamboo trees—the trunks, long poles—could have some similar such effect upon the air.  Hoang-Ha entered that slow sullen mood that made him ready for sleep.  His lean-to, heaped with ferns, was a long center pole propped against a tree, one end in a crook of the trunk, the other end resting on the ground, supporting branches laid from the ground to the center pole along its length, tee-pee fashion, and covered by leaves—in this case, leafy ferns, which were plentiful in this area.  A lean-to can take about an hour to build, or more (if you have to look far for your cross branches).  Hoang-Ha crawled into the lean-to; then, he pulled a branch support up to the trunk from the inside, to close it up.  Man, red light—and, he giggled inside, wriggling a little on his leafy mattress—purple vegetation!  He had not done real well in getting leaves down as a mattress for the lean-to, but he had put his coat down—remember—it was still winter in the other dimension—and so, all told, all in all—he didn't feel too badly.

It was too hot for snuggling but not so hot that the leafy lean-to in the jungle could not make for a form of coolness that seemed to bless our hero. After all he'd been hugged and kissed all night, almost, for a fullness, replenishment, that, one might say, cannot be really said to exist in time at all.  One does not necessarily need more sleep after such a night.  One can almost believe that the unconscious part of oneself which cries out for sleep can find some equal replenishment in the overwhelming gratification of the body's needs in sexual love.  As he drifted off into somnolence, Hoang-Ha sought to say a prayer:  Bless me, Father, he thought, and Buddha nature of my Fathers:  protect me and all I love.  He sought to add to his prayer a prayer for Tien, and his mother and father, and all his brothers and sisters, and all his ancestors, but the thoughts piled up like a snarl of traffic at a too-slow traffic light.  So he did not work them into the actual verbal articulation of the prayer.  He'd said the prayer in English, and the prayer had had its concessions to America, coming out a little less like Buddhism than Cao Dai, a little-known Vietnamese sect which was a mixture of religions, including Buddhism, Taoism, and ancestor worship.
What about Tien? he thought.  Her female scent was on him, her female sweats and oils, and exudations, like the secretions of a honey bee's mouth—the sweat on the upper lips of a blond—breast sweat, underarm sweat mixed with perfume in a girl's white short-sleeved shirt—sleep dropped with its pleasures over his eyes, ever so peacefully, until he dropped ever so peacefully into sleep.

When he awoke, it was twilight, pretty well dark inside his lean-to.  He'd slept beautifully the kind of sleep where you wake up feeling as if your every muscle and sinew atoned for every sin and you were as new as the first parents of man.  (Let us not try to delve too deeply into how an Asian mind might feel this.)  Enough to say that if he ever were to pay his Karmic debts and achieve enlightenment, then he could look on waking this morning as a type of foreshadowing of that event.
It was not morning now, it was evening, but it was as if it were morning for just a moment, until the oppressiveness of the situation began to weigh down on him.  He might need some Chinese herbs, he almost thought, to get through it.
So he got up, pushing away his doorway bough and leafy branch with it to step back out into the open country, where he distinctly perceived the rustle and movement of creatures around him like kids playing out in the street in suburbia on a summer night, only with red-fanged mouths and large walnut-blue eyes, and not like any kids who moved through bushes, but like bushes that moved, with arms and legs like a man, dwarf-size—the creatures surrounded him like a postman being surrounded by watchdogs—they snarled and growled, jumping forward and back and sideways—of course, it was as if the end to his aloneness in this manner was a better fate than a two- or three-day's journey through more aloneness to a perhaps worse adversary—after all, there was no way he could know how intelligent or dangerous the beings before, behind, and around him were.  Yet they could speak in a communicable tongue:  "Zee pod!" one of the Zeepods snarled:  "You come with us."
Wanting to believe these creatures to be harmless, but, more importantly, incapable of carrying out a threat, Hoang-Ha wondered if he could bolt for it—but, "Zee pod!" one of the creatures challenged—it was getting dark, and Hoang-Ha suspected himself to be in real danger.  He could not imagine his life could be brought to an end in this strange place like a man in a forest torn apart by wolves.  But, since he knew the possibility did exist, he commenced to be frightened.  The Zeepods guided him along the path he'd seen earlier, which lead into a great but, as far as he could see, uninhabited valley.

The Zeepod city was an underground one.  Like the cities of the Pueblo Indians of the American West, it was built onto crags and cliffs, only overlooking not a plain but a jungle.  Arriving at the city, he found himself attacked once again by a case of nerves.  He was an alien here:  he saw that.  But the Zopotrons here were human, too, the Zeepods obviously being an inferior species.  Still, importantly, the Zopotrons were long-noses (Caucasians).  
So he acquiesced to the reality that there was no escape, and, though he had not wanted to fight the Zeepods if they could lead him to intelligent life, he decided that there was something awful about their subhumanness which he could not quite account for, unless he could explain it by the look of their awful teeth—properly fangs, not teeth—as one might find in a snake.  The Zeepods were like a bush with arms and legs and fangs.  They had a trunk all over covered with thick rubbery leaves like rhododendron leaves.  The squarish head was as if clipped like a well-clipped boxwood, and the legs, with their diminished size of leaves, looked to be covered in mail, while the mouth, with all its redness and fangs, could arrest one with fear just long enough for the creature to leap out like an angry Doberman.
"What is it you want?" Hoang-Ha pleaded with the Zeepods.  He remembered with sorrow The Tale of Kieu, the great national epic of Vietnam.  Did Kieu after all come to nothing?  After a life of sorrow, she was finally reunited with her lover, but she almost ended up becoming a Buddhist nun, forever.  His thoughts rambled on:  the first thing that happened to her was she was sold into prostitution.  Prostitution, Hoang-Ha had read—his thoughts scattered like chess players scattered after a chess game—was looked upon as a metaphor for the relations between Vietnamese politicians and their Chinese rulers.  Huh huh, looking up into the walnut eyes of a Zeepod, he noted, with some humor, hah, that he was in a land with a red sky now!

6

What had happened to him? Tien wanted to know.  It was 11:00 at night, and he'd been gone all day.  Most of the day, she'd thought to herself that he was out buying her a present to celebrate their victory over Gilgamesh.  But he'd not been with her to file their daily report, nor had he reported back nor called any of her closest friends or even his uncle.  She'd gone down to the canal to look for him, Tien had—she had been there with him, day before, to see the grizzled monster, as Hoang-Ha had recounted his triumph.  But there was no sign of him now, no, except for his motorbike parked down by the lock.  The atmosphere was eerie.  Tien did not, however, want to call her mother.  But she finally did.
"Mama?" At the click of the receiver, she had her mother's attention.
"Yes?" her mother responded—her mother was a wizened elder, with the kind of wrinkles on her face that indicated enough toughness to have survived a war and a trip by leaky boat from Vietnam to the Philippines.
"Hoang-Ha is still not home."  Tien could picture her mother's face—a face that most Americans might best associate with old pictures of Apache Indians.  Even though Mama was thousands of miles from a home she could not go back to, she still gave off an aura of peace that gave Tien a sense of home.
"He may come home yet," her Mama said.  But the words merely formed a sentence, giving token assurance to Tien of Mama's confidence in Hoang-Ha's safety.
"What do you mean?" Tien jabbered:  "It's 11:00!"
"Ah," she heard her mother gasp.  "And he's not been home all day?"  Pause:  "Well, well, call the police, you know what to do," Tien's mother advised, "and in the morning"—it was as if a calm almost perceptible between her and her mother came over Tien, "we will see what we can do."
"All right," Tien agreed.  Then, as if grasping suddenly at a straw, Tien faltered:  "You don't suppose . . ."
Her mother groaned.
" . . . this had anything to do with the monster?"
Mama was silent.  But the silence asked, "What do you mean?" So, Mama asked, "Well, what do you mean?"
"I mean, Mama," Tien blurted, her concentration deepening, "that we don't know how that monster got into our reality.  We don't know whether this mystery has anything to do with Hoang-Ha's disappearance."  Tien spoke with hesitation, pausing now and then to choose her words.  Tien, and perhaps her mother too, did not want to start blaming Americans for lack of support or interest in this tyrannosaurus case.  Could it be that Americans truly took no interest in this case?  Could it be that they took no interest because the monster was destroyed by a Vietnamese?  The Americans were as likely to exalt an immigrant as to find fault with one, so that was not as much likely the case as that the lack of interest was simply impartial.  There was no simply no interest in the case—simple as that!
Tien called the police.  She reported Hoang-Ha as a missing person, then she went to get a cup of tea to take to bed with her so she could sip on it.  Suddenly, she remembered she had not brought Hoang-Ha's motorbike home.  It was only a half-an-hour walk down to the canal, so, since she had the key, she would walk it.  It was 11:15—she'd be back by midnight.
She went to the front door, opened it, and stepped out into a flaming red landscape that had a brightness to it like the glint of sun off chrome:  the house disappeared, but it took a moment to get used to the light.  Her anger, if any, at the sudden shift in realities became confused.  She had to accept that the absolutely impossible had occurred.  But was she in any way responsible?  Not by any measure she could determine, although everything she experienced told her that the same thing must have happened to Hoang-Ha.  It was her hard grip on reality that told her that the two realities were at some sort of joining point like two continents drifting together.

Of course, the General—General Hardnought, did not know that. In the shower, he had plans to pin a decoration of some kind on Hoang-Ha.  He could just remember all the admiration the others had had for Hoang-Ha, such as Sergeant John Henry.  He meant to turn the shower off, but he suddenly found himself quite nude in another shower stall.  And this shower, unlike the one he'd been in, had no water running.  Still dripping wet, he stepped from the shower through a cantilevered door of opaque glass and stepped into a neatly made-up white room that looked less like a hospital or hotel room than the kind of room you'd find in a Victorian house near a railroad tracks.  The bed was covered with a white knit bedspread.
"Boo yee hee hah hah-hah hah," the General laughed:  then, breathily:  "Hih hih hih, what the?"

John Henry when he was a baby—sittin’ on his daddy's knee . . . John Henry was at home, in bed with his wife, when, rolling over to hug her, he found himself suddenly rolling over to hug a huge black rotting log.  The log was at the edge of a steep cliff which dropped off about 80 feet to a stream three-fingers deep at the bottom of a waterfall.

Don't ask how a man as big-hearted as Snapshot could be in the Army.  He was a good helicopter pilot—hey, so what?  Since we know nothing of helicopter piloting, we can eliminate the better part of Snapshot's humor.  Which was built around his UH-1 helicopter.  But to get the humor of Snapshot's jokes, you had to know a lot of history, too, since Snapshot was a form of intellectual.  His hobby was:  Indo-European Philology!  "Don't you know what that is?" he would ask.  "It's the study of languages, particularly those which have developed from a root language we can construct as being only hypothetical, and which we call Indo-European."
"This is the 4th Marines, sir!" a soldier spat at Snapshot from a patch of elephant grass near a bamboo grove.
"Douglas," Snapshot enunciated, slowly, stunned.  "Sergeant Snapshot Douglas, 7th Air Cavalry."
"We're over here in a bamboo grove, sir.  All of us."

Ray always feared he might enter a state of mental paralysis due to confusion, awe, or fear.  It would be when too much happened in his brain, even if much of the too-much might be good.  The brain can shut down just like a computer.  Stay with it, he thought.  He was hoping not to disappoint his wife:  they were newlyweds.  But after almost two years of marriage could they really be said to be still newlyweds?
"Ray," Sharon hollered.  "I can't keep up with you if you move so fast."  Ray and Sharon headed up a mountain trail in their pajamas, because that's what they had on when they entered this new reality.  Ray had on a pair of bottoms with no top; Sharon had on a nighty.

John headed down another path which curved around a plush mountain directly toward the path his brother—Ray—was on.  John was wearing a pair of cowboy boots, a T-shirt, and blue jeans.  As he came stomping around the path (he had gone to sleep in his clothes and woken up on the mountainside in them).  He shouted:  "Ray!"; then:  "Sharon!"
Ray went on walking, with a rigid facial expression that was like a construction site for a house where a two-by-four frame with a piece of plywood on top waited for more carpentry.  You might need a crow bar to free the face into a smile, but on coming to the recognition (of his brother), Ray became like a foreman with a job well done—and with feelings between exuberance and doubt, he finally welcomed his brother:  "Johnnnnnn!" 
Sharon piped up, "John!"  John and Ray embraced.

"Life Studies?" the human alien questioned.
"Yeah," his partner answered, holding Hoang-Ha by the arm.
"I'm no good at names," he said:  "We got the name on file," he went on, "But, I'm sorry, what is the alien's appellation?"  And at this, he smiled a little to indicate the humor in his lofty choice of words.
Hoang-Ha didn't speak up right away, as if he had not understood what the man before had said.  "Hong-Ha," the other alien said for him.
"Ah," the first alien blurted, pausing momentarily, then:  "He came in this morning, taken from hiding in the mountains by some Zeepods." Lies—it was all lies!  Then it all came out in one dark ugly stream:  "Registered, human; status, alien—potentially dangerous"—and he did not look at Hoang-Ha as he spoke:  "by contagion."
 
Back on the trail, Ray could hear a rustle from somewhere off to the right of the trail.
"It could be wild animals," John cautioned.  "Watch it!"  
"I am," Ray rebutted.
"Better get a stick or something," John turned once again toward caution.
"Uh-ah!" Ray exclaimed when a Zeepod flung himself from the foliage.  "Zee pod!" it cried.  And two or three followed in rapid succession, bursting from the foliage with a snarl, fangs bared, with all the fury of a badger.
There were moments of decision in Ray's life, but none more important than this:  he reached out and grabbed one of the Zeepods across the chest, pulling him toward him while falling back into the foliage with a crash—the Zeepods were only about three-to-four feet or more in height—like tackling a five-year-old:  "Jesus!" he cried, keeping the Zeepod's fangs off by hugging the Zeepod to him—like hugging a police dog around the neck, maybe, for the Zeepod's bared fangs were awful, and then one of the Zeepods, making to assist his fellow, approaching, got hit square across the brow by the club John wielded.  The blow thudded like a baseball bat against a pumpkin, and the Zeepod went down in his blood without a whimper while Ray sought with all his might to choke the life out of the monster in his arms.  The creature's astoundingly strong arms and fingers—hands—sought to find the slightest weakness in Ray's hold—John wacked at another Zeepod, catching him in the back of the head as it started to run—he glanced at the Zeepod that had fallen:  a blue liquid seeped from its brow.  Quivering, the Zeepod still struggled to get up, like a turtle run over on a highway by a car.  Could Ray kill the creature whose clinging to life fought up through the bundle of energy that he flung against his human foe?  It was like holding—trying to hold—a lightning bolt, the nearer Ray's hold closed toward the kill.

"Uz'anybody armed?" Snapshot questioned.
"We're all armed."  The marine felt Snapshot's eyes run down to his sidearm.  "We were practicing maneuvers," the young man went on, "when . . ."  
"Uh huh," Snapshot interjected.
" . . . we were transported through space and time."
"You say it well," Snapshot flattered, then:  "You think that's what happened?"
"Yeah," the marine retorted, and there was a resonance in his voice.
"Who's your CO?" Snapshot cuffed at him.
"There idn't one," the boy jabbered.
"You mean?"  Snapshot paused, with his jaw dropping.
"There's nothin’ unusual about it, sir."  He was bright, this boy, Snapshot thought.  "We had a drill sergeant, that's all, and he ain't here."  Snapshot went on staring.  "We were set up on a beachhead and were bein’ waked up for a night march . . ."
"Yeah?" Snapshot responded.
"When suddenly a bunch of us in full battle gear, some not with all their gear on . . ."
"Ended up here," Snapshot finished for him with a grunt.  He suddenly felt uneasy, as if the information being imparted to him might bring a lion charge up out of the high grass.  "And we don't know how the hell," the two bandied eyes, "it happened, or," he paused, "what happened, or," and Snapshot commenced shaking his head, "how it happened."

Could Ray kill?  "Let it go, Ray," John interjected.  But Ray clung to the animal.  John had killed one, Ray had seen, while grappling with his own Zeepod, whose saliva now ran down his arm:  was Ray a weakling compared to John?  If this animal were unintelligent, then it would not be difficult to kill him without guilt—to kill—Ray could not do it, he let the creature go—it hurried off into the forest, like a wart hog that goes rooting among the bush.
Ray got up and brushed himself off.  His pajama bottoms were dirty, and he had dirt and red marks on his forearms and chest.  "What the hell was that?" he asked his brother.
"D'you hear anything?" John uttered.  Neither spoke.  They both looked down at the ground, with only their peripheral vision taking in the dead Zeepod John had killed.
"Hey, John," Ray cried, in a hushed tone.  Through the foliage, they could make out the outlines of a city:  "Look!"  And the two of them, with Sharon close between, rushed up to push the ferns away.  There were no signs of life, but the bright gleaming domes and spires of an alien city flamed through the jungle from the jungle cliffs across the valley—no air traffic, no ground traffic, the city looked dead—but it was alive.
All of which got talked out between John and Ray, yet Sharon sought to make a point or two of her own:  "What if they have underground means of transportation?"
"Yeah?"
"Uh huh!"
"Geographically, it would be reasonable, especially if this is a mining community of some kind," Sharon explained.
 "What do you mean?" John challenged.
"I mean that"—she clapped her hands together three times, indicating the difficulty of explaining:  "the jungle and mountainous terrain here could make overland travel too difficult."
"You think those creatures built that city?" Ray exclaimed with his eyes widening way up.  The unspoken assumption of all three was that humanoid or higher forms of life must have built the city, but some doubt suddenly occurred.
"You mean, you think they're intelligent?" Sharon asked the two.
"They don't seem to be," Ray stated.
"Oh, Christ!" John worried.  "I killed one!"  It did not look good to them.  John darkened like a sky gone grey with clouds.

7

"Enemy forces much stronger than us might run that place," the marine speculated with Sergeant Snapshot on their way back to the platoon.  The young soldier was leader for the present:  squad leader, Sedgwick Mills.  He had a penchant for far-off looks that could help you imagine new freedoms for yourself.
The group of marines, or grunts, as they were called, gathered at the foot of a ravine which led up to the cliffs that ran up to the city above.  Mills pushed his helmet back on his head.  It looked too difficult to make the ascent, yet the assumption was that whatever beings had built that city were civilized and also might be friendly.  Still, Mills took precautions:  "We'll bivouac here," he commanded.  "Then we'll get a reconnaissance platoon together"—a 19-year-old with the lightest peach fuzz on his upper lip, beaded with sweat, listened intently, as Mills went on, "to reconnoiter the city."
How did I learn to talk like that? Mills wondered to himself.  He had thought a lot about being a marine, that was how.  Also, he read a lot, and, finally, he was inspired by circumstance.  The cataclysmic shift of realities fired his imagination, especially since he wanted to be an officer, figuring he could go to the school for that—Officer Training School—once he got his diploma from college.  
"All right, who's goin’ up with recon?" Mills shouted.  And the men, who were spread out in various modes of disarray, only shifted a little.  They had stayed together so far, one of the men thought—Savage, they called him, in play, for his red hair—it occurred to his friends that calling him Savage was better than Red—a too-common name.  But nobody really called him Savage all the time.  Steve Carpenter was his real name.  He had the build, as they used to say, of a fire plug, with the musculature of one of those pre-WWII German propaganda icons.  His muscles seemed almost square.
The platoon gathered included Mills, Snapshot, Savage, and five others, making a total of eight, but that's all that volunteered.  With 40 men, you could have five platoons of eight men each, Mills thought.  And that kind of symmetry appealed to him.  The crack of an M16, however, alerted everyone that something was wrong.  Someone had taken about three or four shots at the distant city before somebody stopped the firing.  The young man with the trigger-finger was Happy Hooligan.
"What the hell are you doin?" Vinny Delvecchio inquired, pushing Happy's rifle down.
"I saw somethin’ movin’ up there!" Happy argued. Without saying anything, Mills came over in a rage and squinted over at the cliffs, raising up a pair of binoculars to have a better look.  (After all, Mills was just a self-elected CO, there was no absolute about obeying him, was Happy's thought, as Mills and Vinny looked the situation over.
"My eyes are good," Happy protested.  "And what I saw up there wadn't human."
Mills went on looking:  "Well, all right," he might have said, but didn't:  "You're firing on beings you don't even know to be hostile or friendly":  That word came to Mills's thought:  hostile, it was a great word—the way he said it—because it came right up that way, but what he really meant to formulate in words was how Happy didn't even know if he were firing at an enemy or not, so Mills came out with that:  "You don't even know if you're firing at the enemy!"  The fired shots had made him cringe with the kind of anxiousness a 15-year-old feels when his mother shouts at him in public, only with Mills, who was nineteen, the feeling was of a kind of piano wire sensation across his shoulders and back which caused him to hunch, wince, as if just having swallowed sour milk, and duck, as if in recoil at the crack of every shot.

"John!" Ray exploded.  John, Ray, and Sharon were on their way down the mountain, about halfway down, over to the gleaming city, across the valley that separated them from it.  "What was'at?"
John and Sharon stopped to listen, like a couple of reindeer along a mountain trail.  All of them had heard the gunshots ring out.  But after traveling through so much silence, they almost believed the shots to be the sound of someone breaking sticks in the woods.  An eerie smoky misty silence reigned over the valley.  None of the kids knew enough about firearms to know whether shots had been fired.  "I don't know what it was," John decided, never having believed it was gun fire.  Because, after fighting with those Zeepods, the kids were in a state of shock, let's call it.  
It was about at this time that they could see, suddenly, a sparkling pink spaceship, bright and spectacular as a Christmas tree bulb, come out of rotating pod doors high up on the cliff side.  They could see the laser gleam of the ship's retro-rockets as it slowly darted out from its harbor.
The gunship drifted off from the cliff fortress, beaming a red laser blast into the smoky jungle below which ignited a small fire, and, that blast having hit, two or three more hit in rapid succession while the three astonished kids from suburban Maryland looked on, ducking for cover in the tangled grass.  Suddenly they could hear what sounded like fireworks going off from the terrain around the base of the mountain.  It could have been the sound of cap guns at first, and the kids exchanged sheepish grins, but it was louder than that.  The cracks of the guns began to take on a rhythm, becoming throaty—a tremendous round of volleys began to go off, throwing a hush over the kids, throaty riffs and rat-a-tats whistling up, one answering on another, to hit the alien gunship repeatedly, enough to throw sparks off it—when suddenly the ship exploded in a tremendous explosion amidst a fierce and raging roar of fire from the trees:  it exploded like something electrical, a robot full of wires that gave off a perceptible smell across the valley, permeating the entire area, the explosion had sounded like someone banging a large pan, and all kinds of sparks, in all colors, blew off in the explosion like the colors of wires, color-coded in destruction.  A loud huzzah went up from the troops in the jungle which the kids across the valley could just barely hear.

Two Zopotron men led John Henry down a musky sandstone corridor to a cell.  Near naked when he'd been found, he was clothed now in a heavy cloth tunic.  John Henry thought—absurd!—how nice the belt was he'd been given to wear with the outfit—a red leather belt which did not go too well with the sand color of his tunic, but very well with his black skin—crazy, huh?  He had on soft leather boots laced up to the calf, red also, like the belt, which gave him a buoyant feeling.  He could not believe he was headed for punishment.
"John Henry's your name, huh?" the Zopotron sneered, opening the cell door in the module—a white door—like the color white one would expect in a 1950s mental hospital.  "You're from Earth, huh?" he continued, with obvious disdain for John Henry's story.
But if he meant to go on, the all-knowing smirk between the Zopotrons made for an atmosphere in which it was impossible to talk.  In the cell, John Henry was led into, sat Hoang-Ha on a bench formed out of the wall.  Who would talk first?  There was that much space in the pause of silence to think about something like that.  Did John Henry and Hoang-Ha share the same thought?  John Henry was a career soldier—Hoang-Ha was only under army contract—John Henry had rank on Hoang-Ha, but Hoang-Ha never got used to taking orders.  And questions like, "Whadda'you doin’ here?"  Which might have worked in America, clearly wouldn't work now.
Having been given a change of clothes, Hoang-Ha now sported an off-white tunic with a broad blue, jewel-studded belt and blue high lace-up boots.  But he felt like a confused soldier on leave still wearing his combat boots:  was he an Indian?  Or a Roman ready to conduct business on the forum?  It was the Greeks who conducted business on the agora, right?
The Greeks had slaves, hmmmm, but it was clear from the treatment that Hoang-Ha and John Henry had received that they were being treated like psychiatric cases.  They knew that.  Unfortunately, they really were in the classic position of schizophrenics who experience a reality that they apparently cannot share with others.  If the two men were being observed right now, as cases, their quietness might be interpreted as a symptom of their illness—otherwise, they'd be their normal talkative selves, right?  Neither spoke, but John Henry caught the mood of the situation, as he often did, by looking up toward God as if through the ceiling of the room.  
"Huh huh," Hoang-Ha tittered nervously.
"But if I find," John Henry prayed, "just a little pity"—he shook his head, looking down as if with a cigarette to emphasize what he had said by a trail of smoke, "I'll blow this city all to pieces."  And when he said "pieces," you could not really tell if he used the plural.  You had to supply the plural with your ear, for he clipped the word as if he sheltered it like a wounded fledgling, with his wings drawn down like an eagle's up in his aerie, way up on a crag.  An eerie silence hung like errant straw and twigs of an eagle's nest over a vast tremendous depth.  The sky began to darken:  a dark round disk appeared in the sky and as on a stage when the lights go down, the light waned.  A mighty wind blew, whistling in through the cut slab opening in the rock, then streaming in as it grew in velocity.  The ground began to tremble.  It trembled, and Hoang-Ha and John Henry exchanged frightened looks.  It went on trembling until the rock began to shake loose from the ceiling.  The rock shook and sand sifted down through the cracks of grinding sandstone—Hoang-Ha laughed, John Henry smiled, but the ground shook so fiercely that a rent in their cell opened up.  The two went immediately through the opening.  Everywhere people screamed, shouted, ran:  Hoang-Ha shouted to John Henry,
"This way!"
What with the darkening of the sky and rage and tremble in the ground, Hoang-Ha, and maybe John Henry, too, could feel that nothing less than divine intervention had occurred.  Some horrid, horrible cave-ins of gigantic boulders collapsed in heaps upon the floor as if in some speeded-up piece of film from a silent movie, breaking through one level and then cracking, collapsing further with the look of prehistoric creatures pouncing on a prey.  There was no time or opportunity for thought.  If escape were possible, then some part of their indomitable human spirit to struggle, survive, and where possible escape, would achieve its goal.
Every which way, Zopotron men and women and Zeepods scrambled for safety.  By chance, Hoang-Ha happened to look up into a flood of light which poured down through a crack in the ceiling wider than a fissure.  He caught the sight of a friendly face looking down at his—"Come on!"  It was Ray, who dangled down his long hairy arm—Hoang-Ha took it and, grasping it, scrambled up the wall.  Outside, the edge of a wood dropped off in a steep descent to an edge he could not see over.  John Henry took Ray's hand next and scrambled up.  The group made for the wood, while behind them the mountain continued to implode.  The beautiful glass structures which were the tip of the city's iceberg shattered, as if vandals were throwing rocks at them, and then, as if nothing human should ever walk within the city again, the ground began to shake so badly that John, John Henry, Ray and Sharon, and Hoang-Ha could hardly help each other away from the cliff toward the wood to descend back into the valley.  They kept a line along the ridge that led across the mountain's side to another mountain:  perhaps over that ridge would be safety. 
Winding around a ridge below, in the panorama of a vast gigantic view, American marines wound up and around the mountain's side ahead.

8

"I had tried that much," protested Jerry, as if from the middle of a dialogue with someone other than himself.  "But getting out of Pharaoh’s castle, uh huh, troubled me.  Yeah," hesitantly, he narrated, "you call me, they called me—hah hah—Jerry.  I wuz duh star drop-out of a starry flophouse—we had travelled around?  Nah—Pharaoh had."
"That's all I want for that," Jerry imitated Pharaoh’s voice, as if it reverberated through the pyramid like a movie director's.
"Huh?"  Jerry muttered almost breathlessly to himself.  "I've done ’em like dat," he admitted, almost about to fall off his stone-carved chair. An earth tremble shook the pyramid as if it were settling from in-flight into a landing.  "Landings!" Jerry explained bad boyishly, looking this side to that.  "I had complained to Pharaoh," he went on, "to let me out!"  Pause.  "But he wanted me in"—he blew this out like a long low drag off a cigarette, with a deep low voice.  "If I had a prescription pad, Pharaoh had told me, I could control the complaint of each and every supplicant."  Jerry slouched in his chair, almost to the point of falling off.
In a moth-eaten dusty room of the pyramid, in the midst of a slouch, Jerry looked up and noticed an hour glass about at midpoint—a large one, commenting, "Uh," then, "noon."  He looked more determinedly at the hour glass, completely absorbed in it:  "Lunchtime."

[Cut, end scene.]

"I can see a small room, dark.  With a person with a candle in it, all alone."  This line Jerry narrated while exactly in that setting:  in a dark room in the pyramid, alone with a candle.  Then, when he got up, you could see with him through a slab of the pyramid an opening to a dark starry night.

The rumbling of the ground continued apace as the three young people accompanied by Hoang-Ha and John Henry proceeded around the treacherous side of the shaly mountain.  The olive green uniforms of the marines stood out on the mountain side ahead of them.  There was no chance of mistaking the marines for Zeepods, thought Hoang-Ha.
It was some time before the stragglers could catch up, and when they did they were welcomed:  "Hey!" they called across a depth of space.  It was jungle, so the marines had been visible for just so long.  The young people—John, Sharon, and Ray—did the calling out, the best of it.  "Hey!"  It was funny.  Uh huh, what would marines be doin’ here?  "Hey-ey!"
It took some time to catch up to the marines, even after the soldiers stopped near the crest of a ridge to wait up for the young people who called out to them.  The marines could perceive the young people to be friendly (the marines themselves were only 19-year-olds), but, at a distance of about 30 yards, it was as if a warning shot rang out—some of the marines made as if to reach for their weapons.  Mills started from the midst of the group—dark spots under his arms marked where the perspiration had soaked into his shirt.
"None of us know how we got here," Ray explained, taking on a leadership role.  He had, after all, saved John Henry's life, so, although he was younger than John Henry, he had a certain serendipitous good fortune going for him which plucked him out to be leader.  And he was newly married, with his wife right there with him—“None of us knew how we got here!”  The thought was too strange for Ray.  He could not wrestle it down, like a steer that got into a calf-roping contest!  Should he go ahead and rope the steer, anyway?  It would be impossible to wrestle down a steer.  So should he laugh?  The question he meant to ask was:  do any of you know where we are?  But the ridiculousness of the question, like a full grown steer in a calf-roping contest, became too much for him.
"We don't know, either," Mills answered across the silence, as if almost squinting toward Ray into the sun.
"My name is Ray," Ray laughed, with a seriousness that tried to keep any disrespectful or even dangerous humor out (though he felt giddy).  "And this is Sharon, my wife."  He introduced the others, "My brother, John," then turning slightly, "and these two were prisoners of the Zopotrons, whose city we all just saw destroyed."  (Mills nodded he understood):  "Hoang-Ha and John Henry."  Ray debated with himself the quibble of whether John Henry should have been introduced as Sergeant John Henry or not.  There was nothing but a pause after all of this, as if to say from the marines to the civilians—we're armed, you're not, we're the superiors here.  So Ray found himself unconsciously deferring to their superiority—"You're the ones who shot down that Zopotron spacecraft, right?"
"Yeah," Mills shot back.  There was pride but still some tension in the air.  Savage looked like he wanted to claim the greater share of glory for shooting down the Zopotron aircraft on his own, but he kept his peace.  Mills had to be careful, fulfilling his self-elected leadership role—the men might choose to elect another leader.  He introduced himself and a representative couple of men near him, but he was impatient to get moving.  And he didn't care much for Hoang-Ha.  It was a silent grudge he held against Asians, perhaps because of Vietnam.  Moreover, none of the soldiers seemed to like Hoang-Ha much:  who was he?

It so chanced that the men became involved in forcing their way through rugged jungle.  Mills was out in front, but the men were spread out.  Who picked this way through the jungle, anyway?  Well, they'd all consented, thought Goldstein.  Arthur walked near him.  It was too hot!  And the vegetation seemed to have absorbed the heat, so that, what with capillary action, the stalks of the flabby-leafed plants seemed to be circulating hot water like radiators.  They were tall plants:  seven feet or more, eeeugh!  What with the packs on their backs weighing many pounds, the men were as if falling forward through the seemingly, almost impermeable curtain-wall of plants that snapped or bent or merely swayed as they pushed their way through them.
Uh, my god! thought Goldstein.  (There was a point of breaking in any man.)  It was the kind of feeling you'd have—they'd have—the men—if they were asked to do the impossible when the impossible seemed just that—impossible.  If they made a start, they might'uv made 10 feet into this high flabby growth of stalks, but when they found themselves 10 feet in, faced with the same question—can you do the impossible?—what could each one do if asked that question again and again after the next 10 feet and the next?  "Aaah-ah!" the cry went up:  who sounded it, or was it merely a thought?  Goldstein had seen Arthur fall—that Arthur ain't gonna make it, Goldstein thought.  He was one of those kids who had had too much faith in his mother's love.  "I'm tired o' pickin you up!" Goldstein wanted to shout at Arthur, when the truth was he'd been wanting to help Arthur, mostly spiritually, giving him a lift now and then:  but Goldstein's mental health, Goldstein began to feel, could not withstand a too great stress of responsibility for Arthur.  He bent and grabbed Arthur by the arm, helping him up, or meaning to, when Arthur just gave one small effort, then gave up.
"I can't do it," he gasped at Goldstein.


 They heard strangled sobs like the cries of a feline animal drift up through a tangle of jungle.  Quitting the others, John thrashed through fern and stalk, leaf and plant, to a sudden opening.
She looked up at him with a face stained with tears, with a crystalline beauty like the beauty of pure clear water over pebbles in the sun, and like sea shells in frothy water, the frothy water that she knelt by now in her fragile white tunic.
"Hi!" John waved.
"Are you hearing or deaf?" she signed back to him.
"I am hearing," he signed.  "My name is John," he fingerspelled.
He wondered whether he should have wasted any energy telling her his name.  It seemed a futile gesture, but she repeated it, fingerspelling it back to him.  Then her hand went to her cheek to wipe the tears away, rubbing them into her snowy skin.  She blushed and smiled a little.  It was almost as if, looking up into John's eyes, she'd found something, like a little girl who finds a crayfish under a rock—"I don't understand," she signed.
At a loss of what to say or how to say it, he paused before answering—her look toward him carried complete trust. Nearby, came the thundering through the jungle as of the stampede of a herd of elephants.  A tyrannosaurus came into view, like the side of a house becoming visible through some trees by a highway.  John grabbed Trina protectively, falling back with her against the roots of a gigantic tree.  Swinging around onto their stomachs, they pressed together side by side.  The tyrannosaurus lunged forward with a momentous crash against some gigantic adversary.  Trina pressed her lofty brow against John's shoulder.

"Keep movin!" Goldstein exclaimed to Arthur.
"I can't," Arthur shot back.
"You can," he looked Arthur in the eye.  "And you will."  Arthur's eyes were bulbous, as if his brain had swelled in his skull, ready to burst on through the occipital region.  Time passed with a worry:  malignant time.  If Goldstein bothered too much to worry about Arthur, he would fall behind the other men.
"Get up!" Goldstein restated his exhortation, then reached down to help Arthur up.  "You'll get up if I help you get up!"  And there was insistence in Goldstein's command that bothered Arthur.  Goldstein could at least have been considerate, thought Arthur—yeah, and:  what the hell difference would a couple a minutes make?
Christ, thought Goldstein, catching a glimpse of Trina ahead, off a ways, her legs, that is, and clothing—that attractive tunic which showed so much of her legs:  I could at least have been able to keep up with that woman.  And here Goldstein could have cried:  how come he (meaning John) gets to meet the girl!  He did not admit his jealousy to be jealousy, however—life wasn't fair.  His frustration with Arthur, like some lightning bolts in his head, he vented on the sight of Trina's legs, as on a lightning rod.  And he felt somehow better about Arthur for it.  Suddenly, Arthur was a sweet old guy.  Arthur got up but lagged.  He lagged and sagged.  Goldstein herded him along like an old milk cow whose hooves had grown into a curved shape like horns from standing a foot deep in manure too long—eeuhhh!  They were as far from an enemy as they could be, thought Goldstein, and he wanted to mention this to Arthur but caught himself, realizing that once again he was wasting his time.  He looked at the brown on the stalks of the flabby-leafed plants—it was brown on the stalk where the stalk had peeled back and died, turning brown, while the new growth of stalk remained light purple.

"I'm up!  Wa ha ah hahhahhhhh!"  Jerry ran his hand through his hair a couple of times from the inside of a mummy's sarcophagus which was his bed.  Throwing his right arm out over the edge of the sarcophagus, he made a fist, and then opened it to make a duck.  A servant from the pyramid came into the room stiffly, going about his tasks, and picked up a basket of rice.  "Wah ahhhhhhh hahhah ahhah-hahhhh!" Jerry wailed.  "Get up?" he sang out in a high pitched voice, "Get up?—woh-ohh."  Then he narrated:  "Pharaoh had a way with yuh," quieting his voice to a tone of quiet camaraderie:  "He knew where to be . . . cool with yuh, when cool was too cool, to use your lingo from the 20th century:  wahhahhhhh," Jerry wailed, and the wail resounded through the empty pyramid.  "I need my sleep!" he protested.  "I gotta get up, I get up, I gotta get up, I get up."  He closed and opened his hand in the form of a duck as if picking petals off a flower, saying she loves me, she loves me not.  A corpse-like servant with a gold face like a mask of King Tut approached the side of the sarcophagus and dropped a handgun in.  Which Jerry caught:  "Wohahhhh!"  He threw one pajama-clad foot up on the side of the sarcophagus:  "Wahhhhhhhhhh!"

The marines continued to muscle their way through the plant brake.  Trina indicated the correct-ness of their choice of direction,  It was soon evident that the brake was at an end.  It came to an end with a widening interspersion of plants.  And that was a welcome change of geography for Arthur, whose tendency was to bitch.
"If we had only brought machetes," complained Arthur.
Goldstein was tired of hearing it.  Having forced his way through the swamp plants, Arthur did not see the entry onto the savannah as worthy of celebration.  Instead, he continued to complain:  "We should have stayed back there and tried to make friends among those people by saving some of them out of that earthquake," he ranted.  
Goldstein agreed, but countered:  "You saw it was impossible."
"I'm too hot, and there's no water in my canteen," Arthur blustered.
Goldstein ignored the complaint.  After all, Arthur childishly changed the subject when Goldstein had tried to take him seriously.  So the group, on file, proceeded through the grass along an animal trail.  Goldstein went ahead of Arthur, who quieted, perhaps because he didn't have Goldstein to complain to.  He would have to call out his complaints to Goldstein, and that would be too much trouble.  He was too weak for that.  The men trailed items from their packs along the way superfluous items, like extra food rations, dirty underclothing, a soiled shirt.

In a large open wheat field which ran up to the pyramid in Las Vegas, Jerry, on his way to the city, zig-zagged, sometimes marching, sometimes careening forward to this side or that:  he halted (seen as if from an expansive aerial shot in a movie).  "I can't," he muttered, "I have to go on," he shouted, and, "with my personal life," he sang out in a nine-year-old's high pitched voice.  
"Ahhhhhhhh!" sang voices of a female choir like Elohim.
The pyramid looked like a double-parked hotel.

"Look, I wanna emphasize . . ."
"Huh?"
Jerry was up at around 4:30 a.m.  He overheard a conversation in a corridor:  "Pharaoh’s gonna get blasted."
It's . . .
"Blasted?"
"Yeah, and you can put that down on parchment."
Down a long dim corridor, blue in the false dawn light, Jerry spotted two figures:  one, a tall Egyptian, probably a servant, the other—huh?—sounded like Tony Bumppo.  When Jerry got up in his pajamas, the light was blue, near to purplish, as in the purplish light which streams through stained glass windows in a confessional.  On closer inspection, the person who revealed Pharaoh about to be bumped off was no other than Frank Sinatra.
"Moo ooh ahh ahh ahh!" resounded Jerry's thought inside his own head as if through every corridor of the pyramid.  The two men in the corridor, like two animals surprised at a water hole, stopped their conversation.  Jerry froze in fear, going cross-eyed and puckering his cheeks inward, pressing his palms against the wall and hunching his back.
"Moo ooh ahh ahh ahh?" he asked himself without voicing the thought.  Then:  "Moo ooh ahh ahh ahh!" he repeated in a barely audible tone and moved away from the wall back to his room. 

[Imagine Frank Sinatra in bed, glassy eyed,
Bob Hope in bed, glassy eyed, Jill St. John, thirty years ago,
in bed, with a tear in her left eye, and 
Dean Martin in bed, with a tear in his left eye:
Moo ooh ahh ahh ahh!]

Arthur jumped, but he didn't make it, he fell right down the crevice, with both hands slapping against the further side, making an awful sound, a sound like the slap on a pig's hocks a farmer might make to get the pig to move. Arthur whimpered.  And the soul sought Avernus, Goldstein thought to himself.  He had tried to catch Arthur, but hadn't been able to.  He thought about the Iliad, the way the soul of a fallen soldier would seek the nether world.  “And his armor clattered on him,” Goldstein remembered—another recurrent phrase like "and the soul sought Avernus."  Like when his hands hit, Goldstein thought, that was "and his armor clattered on him," (but he didn't really believe it applied to Arthur in this instance).  But when he fell, that was "and the soul sought Avernus."  Which was more appropriate.  Just like Goldstein had been thinking about all day.  Not really all day, just a part of it.  But it's hard to tell whether that kind of thought can be like a curse directed at a person, whether it's a disinterested observation, or whether it's a free association later forced into having meaning by hindsight—at any rate, Arthur could not have lived:  you could not even see down the crevice he fell down, it was too deep, it was too deep to even hear a stone hit bottom.     
Mills was about to say:  "All you can do is hope for the sound of waves."  But he got stuck on whether he should say "waves" or "the sea," so all he said was, "Maybe Captain Nemo's down there," and he had a distinct mental image of the cavern where Nemo docked his submarine in the movie version of The Mysterious Island.

Captain Nemo, huh? thought one of the men.  'At creepy Mills, he's such a primadonna!
By the time almost everyone got across the crevice, tempers had cooled.  Goldstein didn't get blamed for letting Arthur fall, but he didn't think everyone was sufficiently respectful of the death which had occurred, either.  Some tittering among the men up the trail got his goat—"Cut it, cut it out!" he shouted.
Towering up ahead of our characters, was a gigantic red-colored Gila whose skin gleamed like that of a chameleon.  It started as if to run, as if it didn't even know they were there.  The skin of the beast hung loose, so that there was a fold about its neck.  Red, it seemed to be red over black, for that's what gave it its scintillant color.  And the monster, unconscious now of its human followers, entered a kind of mist, cloud enshrouded, where at a distance, all you could see over the rise of terrain was a desert-like flatland with a green shrub or two on it like a patch of weed.  One of the more educated soldiers sought to make a point with Goldstein, "You're not the only one who cared about Arthur."
Since he was a big guy, Goldstein could listen to a smaller guy, but only by being granted some small acknowledgement of Goldstein’s physical superiority.  This having been granted, he saw no reason to argue, so he let it pass.
Trina communicated her concern about Arthur to John.  She made the sign for "dead" like two fish flopping on a wharf, and John replied, yes, with a forward shake of his fist (the "s" letter), adding, "I think so," by simply pointing to his head.  Then Trina, realizing that she was making more than just a leap across a crevice, but a leap into a new life, needed to search herself for the courage to believe not only in the hearing world but in an alien world too.  John was part of that world.  But deafness was not a quality, John had told her, not a state of being, that had to do with hearing alone.  It could be shared, and the rest would be part of love.  Like a high school girl in a track meet making the long jump, she ran for the crevice, carrying her future with her like a blue ribbon at a county fair for best milk cow in the 4-H Club, she arced up and over the crevice with a kick of her sandaled feet and a flash of her teeth as fierce as the sneer on a carousel horse's face.

9

"Shelton Huggypond!"  Shelton addressed himself in the mirror:  "You frog-faced son-of-a-gun!"  And his voice rose on "gun":  then he had a musical part to the thought that would extend it:  but, he laughed to himself, standing there a minute—he couldn't think of it, couldn't recall what it was—"I'm gonna watch that cowlick of yours until I find the feather of an eagle's wing to replace it."
Who knows what he was thinking.  Shelton could be that way:  uh huh, uhhhweeeahhh—well, Shelton, now . . . serum red!  The anti-laughter serum:  "Ah, c'mon, Goody," Shelton called out from his room, the back room, "You know as well as I do that the serum ain't gonna be shipped in bubblegum wrappers."
What he had said, Shelton thought, mocking in his own mind a mailman he once knew who always used to say that.
"No, it's for adults," Shelton muttered, a thought Goody might have shared.  "Too strong, too complex, for children."
"But when we get that shipment in . . ." Drew Batterinew called back.
"Oh, yeah, when we get that shipment in . . ." muttered Searles. "Ci sono due:  uno primo, e uno secondo," Searles muttered, just audibly, in the exact voice of the speaker who he once heard say that.
"Look, Shelton," and here Searles was off-handed without trying to be casual—"You'll get the message from Primo on . . . the side of a trailer truck . . ."
Batterinew took over:  " . . . while you're ridin a ride-on bus . . ."
"Past the Silver Theater," Searles continued.
"Past the Silver Theater?" Shelton exclaimed.  Both . . . both Batterinew and Searles seemed . . . seemed! Shelton thought—seemed!—were . . . nonplussed.
"Tell Goody . . ." Huggypond told Searles.
"Huh?"
"Tell Goody . . ."  And here he whispered something.
Goody heard, peeking out from behind a dark curtain drawn between the two rooms, with a peep of light just creeping through.
"Poundage," Huggypond emphasized.  "Poundage when they get that vacant truck to fill."  As if that were an explanation, yet Huggypond felt, "Satisfied!"  And there was no question in his mind.

Goody had a vision of himself running behind a subway train, pushing it down a tunnel, with his size magnified to about twice his height and triple his weight.  Like a mythical figure:  chuh chuh chuh chuh, to a freight-train magnitude.  Then slowing down as the train flew off, he shrank down to bottle size.

"Can we get alligators into the Potomac?" Hilton Searles questioned.  That . . . that was when, uh, Searles and Packett were up above the Potomac on the Yellow Line.  And Searles saw a canal-like part of the river, whose brown waters looked tropical.
"Yuh wanna do one?" spoke Goody.  "Hah hah hah!"
"Look-a-that," Searles commanded.
"Huh?" Goody coughed.
"Don't look-a-that," Searles changed his directions. 
"Huh?  Huh huh hih hih-hih," Goody giggled.
"Don't look-a-that," Searles repeated.  All this sounded like the perk of coffee to Goody.
"Huh huh huh hih hih hih huh huh," Searles laughed.

Ohhooooh, Goody rode a subway train, way down on the Yellow Line—tiddle-lee-dee-dink!  He leaned to his right in a bank turn, then, arrrrrrrruhh-uhgh, the train carrying him banked again—tiddlee-dee-yur-rink!  Goody's thoughts were:  We get a fightuh, put up the money from 'na serum and we make'im a champion out of ’im, uh?  Now I wanna . . .  And here Goody made a figure out of his hands.  He held one up then poked a finger with the other hand through—Duh Poker! Goody thought.  What a name for a fightuh.  He'll be Asian, yeah!  To beat duh reigning champion in fair fight.  Goody brooded:  No karate!

Goody saw himself chasing a train from behind, then bloating up to giant size as before, as if to push the train, and actually pushing it a little, then shrinking back to normal to run from the train and running back toward it for an instant, then turning from it to shrink all the way down into a cloudlike funnel of vapor that fumed into a genie's bottle.  Then Goody appeared to himself next as if he were on the train he pushed and seated on a passing train going in the opposite direction at the same time.  

Now Tony Beneletto and Manny Manieranterantuolo were a team.  Tony Beneletto could be the lowliest . . . he could be even worse than Manny Manieranterantuolo.  But the two of them together as a team, well, one couldn't imagine a worse possibility for reality.  Batterinew knew Manieranterantuolo, but he didn't like him.  "Dat wadn't duh ting doh, yah know," Goody would have said.  "Batterinew didn't like Manieranterantuolo because a da way Manieranterantuolo treated Beneletto—like a sofa cushion he would sit on! ha ha!"
"I played the Gazelle for three days and 'at was it," you could hear inside an apartment from out in the hallway (in Washington, on Connecticut Avenue, not far from the National Zoo).  Red carpet down a hallway and dingy yellow lights along faded stucco walls.
"And you lost it?" came the response—Goody talking to Manieranterantuolo.

"Her mother got married at 19," one person gossiped to the other.
"Huh, who did?" the other answered.  The two sat in front of Goody on a Metrobus.
"Uh, that's what I mean when I say she would be serious."
"Uh hum," the listener agreed.
"She would go with him a few years and then marry 'im."
"Uh huh."
"But he didn't think she would do that":  a raised eyebrow was the response.  "Didn't have the guts"—pause—"I guess."
"Uh!"
Goody could hardly break himself away from the trancelike repose he found himself in, listening to the metronome-like carelessness of the conversation, along with the drone of the engines, rock and jumble of the bus, as he travelled out to parts unknown in metropolitan Washington.  Goody knew Washington—for a New Yorker, that is:  he knew where Union Station was, National Airport, the Museums, Lincoln Memorial:  yeah, yeah, the Washington Monument and Drew Batterinew's Used Car Parts out on Route 1!
Drew Batterinew who?  Yeah . . . yeah yeah:  let us enter his reality for a moment, shall we?

"Uh huh, yeah . . ."  Ring!  Ring!  "Hello, Drew's Used Auto . . ."
"Yeah, hello?"
"Eeeuhh, yes?"
"I wanted to know if you have a radiator for a 1963 Mustang . . ."
"Mustang, uh?" he answered:  "A kid got killed in one, I heard about"—they don't make a 63 mustang! he knew.
"A 1963 Mustang," the kid announced in a clear adolescent voice.
A big tin-a-grease, Drew thought, but stated:  "Yeah, yeah, this is Drew."
"The one I have just overheated on me," the kid complained.  "I had the radiator cleaned, but it still overheated."
"Yeah, well, bring it by."  Drew knew they didn't make a 63 Mustang.
"Bring it by?  You mean you want . . ?"
"Uh huh, bring it by"—Drew sat at a blond greasy desk with a government pen on it, his chewed fingernails lined with grease, his hair greased strand by strand to his nearly bald pate—"and we'll have a look and see what we can do."  Imagine a camera on a trajectory arm making a swing from a car up into a black blast of exhaust fumes out the back of a bus to a shot of Goody seated in a back rear seat, presumably on his way to see Drew.

"Yeah, this is Manny, yeah, c'mon, c'mon, I gotta!"  Tensely gripping the phone, Manny jabbered his high-strung patter.  This was Manny Manieranterantuolo in his business mode, like when, if he was running for the subway with his dark suit on, the shirt unbuttoned at the top, with a gold chain gleaming through, the pants cut short and cuffed—that would be Manny on the Red Line with the station's brick-colored tiles under his shiny black shoes, Manny running—flare of pants cuff, briefcase on the wild—look out! it's the inside of Manny's shirt collar, just inside the open V at the neck-hollow.
"Dis is Batterinew, yeah-huh-hold your horses!"
Silence on Manny's end of the telephone, silence so deep you could drop an engine block through.
"Look, Manny . . ."
"Don't look, Manny, me," Manny replied with that getting up on the driver's side of an 18th-century hearse tone he knew how to use so well.
"Uh huh," Batterinew coughed like a thirteen-year-old over a doctor's fingers.

Packett ran up behind a Red-Line train in Athens-high size to place a little bottle inside the train again, this one fuming a little white smoke, which he placed inside the back of the car merely by passing it invisibly through.

"No, no," Batterinew's voice raised in conference with Manny's:  then, "yeah? yeah?—ah, no no no no!"  It was like a kid being in the back seat of his parents' car.  "Huhm huhm, huh huh, yeah!"  Batterinew burst out.  And what an outburst, like he'd just been pulled up out of a well hanging by the bucket.  "Yah know somepin?  Eeearough, huk-hah!"  A big throaty laugh came up, drenched in phlegm.

"You and your ideas!"  Hilton Searles snarled:  "You're crackpot!"  That's what he said to, uh, who?  Manny Manieranterantuolo.  Manny went over the memory in his mind now.  He remembered the scene now:  a grey armchair, faded yellows of a room at night, and Searles in front of him, shaking the condemnatory finger.
That was the thought Manny had as he tried to listen to Batterinew's excuses.  But then he heard, "Origh keeeorough ough-ough-ough" (the sound of a bottle being opened and poured over ice), and he realized he heard the television—no, his radio was on.
"Well I want to see you!" Manny nearly shouted at Batterinew.  Batterinew had set the phone receiver down for a second to get a number, but he could still hear the rumble of Manny's voice over the wire.
"Oh, I can't wait tuh get you out on my yacht!" exclaimed Manny.
"Why don't you pick that up in'na body bag," Batterinew suggested.
"Ghi-hugh," snorted Manny.  "Yah got talent, but no humor, kid."  And he twisted the final rejoinder into Batterinew's ear like a corkscrew.
"Yeah?" Batterinew sassed back.
Batterinew had the idea for procuring the serum.  But how to pass a message on was a problem.  He solved it.  He had Batterinew's Used Auto, ok, what about it?  The others were a bunch of grifters, flim-flam men, yeah? well? noooo, none of that, no—Batterinew cared about the people with the laughter disease, see.  He was just concerned about the price being too high.  True, it was people buying the serum who didn't have the disease who would be his major market (for the serum's opium-like effect).  But:  if they wanna buy it, it's their business, thought Drew.  Yet he did not really know the effects the serum had on those unaffected by Daffeter Disease.  He knew the symptom of the disease itself:  laughter, no, nobody knew what caused Daffeter . . . and besides that . . . the serum was a harmless mixture of honey, syrup, lemon juice, and Serum D, a laboratory synthetic of unknown ingredients.
Never mind where you got it, Searles will handle that:  Batterinew had more on his mind than he knew.  He had to get up to the roof of his Auto Parts to get in the glove compartment of the Buick he had up on the roof.  Yeah, a joke, right?  Lashed to the roof, he had a Buick, yeah, no lie.  But he kept things in it:  hah hah hah hah:  you would believe that, too!  Huh?  Drew closed up.  It was a shut-a-the-cash-drawer, note-on'na-books, turn-out-the light-with-a-quick-look-around, and out.

"Where we had had it, what would you mean by it?  Wait a minute.  Pharaoh could lock you up.  But why would you have to return to the pyramid?  Come a little closer:  look!  

[You see a tear about to drop from the left eye of Tony Bumppo—he's dressed in black.]

In our pyramid, it was worship of the one true and only god—Aton, forget about Osiris and all the lesser deities.  So Pharaoh still assumed identity with this one particular god, even while we worshipped him, because perhaps . . . now, wait a minute—I myself was an Ibroo or wanderer, buried alive with Pharaoh—why? why?  There's no explanation—he thought he might need me in the next life, I guess," Tony narrated in an annoyed tone.  "But how a tear could start from my eye at the thought of leaving Pharaoh after all this time, well"—his voice was gravelly, like in the early morning—"could only be attributable to the fact that I survived so long without being embalmed."  Pause.  Then he continued:  "Ahhhhh, stop going over old parchments.  I don't know how we did it.  It just happened.  You'd think that we could first learn to live and get along with each other in the pyramid, then get out:  after all, we'd been guaranteed eternal life for being put there:  but only while Pharaoh was alive.  If Pharaoh could only see that this was not Egypt but Vegas and that we were getting old!"
The camera view could be said to draw back from Tony's coat, a black tweed, to show Tony at a "dirty spoon" breakfast-all-day eatery on Christmas day—Tony seated—and a young innocent starlet with big dark eyes seated next to him.  The words of a hymn drifted in as if on a wind, dusted by snow blown in from an open door:  "Joy to the World."
"If those cups were my eyes, they'd have tears in them instead of coffee," Tony joked to the girl, the camera making a close-up of their empty coffee cups pushed almost together, with coffee spilled in the saucers.
"Hah hah," she giggled with a huggy air of affection.
"Those saucers really ought to be my eyes," Tony repeated, having not been able to get his comment altogether the way he wanted it:  "Filled with tears."  The two of them looked in each other's eyes, then down at the coffee cups and saucers.  
"It's just me," the girl at the counter next to Tony explained.'
"Just you?" Tony erupted.
"Yeah, ha ha," she turned her face toward his like a little sun, with the long bluish eyelashes brushed out, the skin fair, and lips very red with lipstick.
How they get the eyes like that, thought Tony:  with all the eyelashes under the eye as if separated.  He shook his head a little.  I will never know, he thought.
 "Just a coupl'a troopuhs here in Vegas, huh?" the girl asked with a smile.
Tony turned his head as if to reject the girl, but he was only turning away from her innocence.
"You and me," she added:  after all, he'd been so nice to her.  An embarrassed silence sank like a child's penny into a dentist's fish tank.

10

The space-time continuum travelers began to run behind the giant tyrannosaurus across a surrealistic plateau, as if the great beast opened a hole in the space-time continuum they could get through, maybe back to Earth as they knew it, for they saw green vegetation through the mists and, in the distance, the sight of a great pyramid which almost put some of them off, the way one can be alienated by a stranger, who, closer up, turns out to be someone one knows.
Trina ran with the best of them.  Keeping close to John, she suddenly noticed, while glancing back, that a formation of helicopter-like craft with pneumatic thrust for propulsion hovered close after them, coming close enough to get off a volley of laser-like darts which tore through the air with surgical precision, cutting down half-a-dozen marines.
Mills shouted:  "Return fire," and he took a shot backward with this M16.  "And follow the monster!" he screamed, for, with the terrain becoming changed, all except Trina were aware that they were now returning through the space-time warp back to Earth.
Neither Sharon nor John nor Ray nor Trina was armed.  So one can imagine the panic each must have felt:  Sharon had on a pair of combat boots, as did Ray, and each, clothed in extra clothing donated by the marines, looked like a clown—Ray's trousers were too short, for he was tall. Being tall, he was hard to fit—and his feet were big.  But Sharon, being short, with small feet, was not a much better candidate for what the Marines had to offer.
Trina signaled danger—extreme danger—in the ships that now passed overhead, making shadows:  she pointed up but kept running—being captured or killed seemed no nice alternative to her.
Mills wondered:  were the soldiers being left behind dead or just wounded?  Another volley from the ships overhead knocked down a few more marines with darts of brilliant red.  Carrying all their hopes with them, the characters ran for it, toward the pyramid in the distance.  Whoa now! Mills thought.  What was that?  Should he stop and fight all out or should he even think of surrender?
"Form up and fire at the enemy!" Mills ordered.
Some tall green cactus and a deserted highway lined by barbed-wire fence gave Mills a peep at blue sky ahead which told him that he and his men were now returning to the world they'd lost—Earth.  It was from this world that the enemy ships, seeing perhaps the break in the space-time continuum, turned to depart back to their own land of red sky, so that for just one moment, there seemed to be almost a corridor of continuous land open between the two worlds which started to close like the walls of the Red Sea over the Egyptians of the ancient myth.
The bedraggled group regrouped itself on a vacant field outside Las Vegas.  "Who got hurt?" Mills wanted to know.  "Who didn't make it?"  A few men came forward with the information:  10 of the original 40 had not made it back.  A few of the wounded had made it, but 10 men were dead.  Too much thought on the subject made for an anxiety that could kill you—sore with a wind in your wound like a plant destroyed by fungus!
The tropic warm from the land with red sky wore off, and the space-time travelers were in Las Vegas cold.  It was winter.  It was Christmas, and Tony was in an all-night breakfast eatery:  it was seven o'clock in the morning, light enough for a bright blue sky to go grey with snow flurries.  The all-night eatery was on the outskirts of the city—that strip of gambling hotels and casinos that looked to be harbored to some near side of the Moon.
Tony wanted to meet the girl who sat next to him because he was an agent, a theatrical agent, and this looked like a girl he might be able to help.  "I'm an agent," he opened with her.  "A theatrical agent."  They exchanged slightly timid looks without really meeting eyes.  "So if you're a troopuh," he went on, but now she turned her full attention on him, "if you're a troopuh," he repeated, "you're an actress troopuh?"  He finally formulated his question.
"Well, yes, yes," she repeated, slightly agog, "uh, yeah"—as if just having finished a glass of milk from a farmer's table.  Penny felt a strange wistfulness calling to her, as from a popular song on the radio heard while driving home in one's car late at night or from someone about to walk in a room one would fall in love with forever—she sailed on a crest of emotion that lifted her on angel wings:  a sugar shaker with an aluminum lid and square flippity-floppity nozzle, a black plastic ash tray, some glass salt and pepper shakers with aluminum tops, and a greenish Formica counter top in imitation of colored marble—these were all objects that told her she was turtle tough rather than meek as a snail, but she felt like crying out—she was 26, the world could be a better place!

Penny started to laugh her graceful arpeggio—a mellow womanly laugh, and she was as if naked in a mist of estrogen because her femininity flooded the room.  In dark stockings and black high heels, she could turn your gaze to the exquisite contours of a shapely wrist.
"Sedgy!" Tony called out, recognizing Mills at the door, but it was like that:  he saw Mills but knew Mills shouldn't be there, so he had the uncomfortable feeling that he did not know the person that he knew.  "Sedgy!" he called out again, getting Mills' attention.  He launched into an introduction of Penny, his lovely friend—Mills looked like a schizophrenic with a bad case of nerves.  He gave Penny a look which reminded her of a vacant lot she'd seen in Harlem, juxtaposed in her mind with two just faintly visible caves in the Rocky Mountains.  He turned his attention on Tony as on a rotten log in the woods on a drizzly day:  Mills had death notices to make out, and he had a story to tell like some crackpot who claimed he'd just been up in a UFO.
Tony knew Mills's father:  "Sit down and join us."  He was a priest who asked a nun to have a seat.
With one eyebrow raised, Tony chimed, "I gotta make a call."
"What are you doin out here?" Tony asked in exasperation—"On maneuvers?"
"Ha!" Mills laughed.  He really brightened up for a minute. And then he suddenly noticed Penny, as if for the first time, like the sight of a pearl pinned in a brown-haired woman's hair in a train station at the turn of the century.  So he changed his mind about the call.  Look, as for explanations, he thought, and the thought pounded through him, I don't have one to explain mine!
Mills heard himself saying, "Excuse me."
“GrrrRRRRrrruh!”
A growl startled Penny and Mills.  They looked at each other as if they had had prior plans to meet.
“RAHRRRRRRGUH!” the monster roared, and the restaurant rocked.  Tony knew it—Sedgwick always brought trouble!
“Waheighhhahhh!”
The cry pierced through the mishmash of restaurant patrons who rose in panic to reach for their coats, and Tony, for a second, almost joined them.  But no sooner had he taken two cowardly steps toward his coat than he realized he was acting foolishly.  (One could see the feet and legs of the monster shifting around outside the windows of the restaurant like a blur of murky red in a children's chalk drawing, a smear of red almost like a finger paint which danced like a man doing tai chi in a San Francisco park during lunch hour.)
For the monster pirouetted, it almost seemed, as if to provoke a laugh, like a baby with a rattle, one of those clear plastic kind, with colors spangled in pastels.  The monster looked a little like a baby in diapers and plastic pants when it ran, thought Savage, outside in the cold with the men.  Nah, they were gathered around the bus depot—whoever could get in could get warm, like a group of kids gathered in line along Main Street waiting to get into a bar.  (In Las Vegas, Christmas morning still carried the aftertaste of an unruly Christmas Eve.)
Suddenly, in a panic, the surroundings started to go red for Mills.  Like a person in an anxiety attack, Mills could panic at the thought that he might be falling back again through some hole in the space-time continuum, back to the red planet, as he would call it.  But, magically, Penny materialized in front of him—they took hands.  (Get ready for Hollywood Take 1.)
Penny and Mills locked eyes.  The tyrannosaurus rex, now blue-green, suddenly thundered across the savannah in front of them, so that Penny drew up close within the hold of Mills's outstretched arm.  Then the tyrannosaurus disappeared.  He crossed back into the other reality of Las Vegas.  Penny and Mills were not in a land with a red sky now.  This time, and it took a minute to get used to the light—the atmosphere was green!  And it stretched across the savannah like a circus tent.  The jungle edging the savannah was purple, with shades of violet, like the differences between dark and light green, and the grass of the savannah, like the grass that grows golden in a field, was just that, golden, except more bright than "on Earth."  It was hot, back to summer—after a brief moment in Christmastime—even if that moment had been in Las Vegas (City of Sin) where it got two kinds of hot!
While Mills had already been through one trip to a "red planet" which was not Mars, while Penny had been through an all night train ride by sleeper car from Chicago—both she and Mills had ended up in Las Vegas all the same.  Penny had that caked-on make-up look which went on moist and didn't fissure like the clay surface of a desert, presumably because she had a clear complexion with moist skin, like the kind you might find on a commercial for chewing gum.  So what?  So she and Mills turned their full attention on each other.  [Start Hollywood Take 1).

[Hollywood Take 1.]

People coming out of a store nearly dropped their groceries at the sight of a tyrannosaurus rex in the street.
A shopkeeper giving out change went open-mouthed. 
A lady with a large white stole on, getting change, turned to look in the direction of the shopkeeper's mouth and screamed!
A showgirl-pretty secretary put some paper in a typewriter while outside her window the beady eye of the tyrannosaurus, like some King Kong looking in a window of the Empire State Building, gazed in at her.
As she typed her letter, the tyrannosaurus dropped his jaw and snarled, “Ahhhhraughh!”  She threw her pretty hands up in the air and screamed!

[Start:  An Italian opera song “La Porta Oscura”:
“Mi fa morir d'un pena d'amore
“Non c'é un altro che me.]

In line for the Carousel ride at Glen Echo Park, two men conversed in front of Tony:  "That part about the . . ." one choked off.
"Huh?" pause, "yeah," the other responded.
"Whaddayah mean?" the first one sassed.
"Whaddayah mean, whadda I mean?" the second one sassed back.

[“Chi puo costringere
Come vuoi vincere—”]

"Boo hoo hah hah hah hah!" the first one roared—pause—"Yeah."

[“Con tal stran voce mi chiama.”]

"That was laughter?" Tony narrated.  "Couple-a-bums!  Wait!"  He stepped up on a platform—"A carousel," he explained:  "in fact, the one at Glen Echo."  (He almost whispered, with a hand to the side of his mouth to confide the secret.)

[“La porta oscura . . .”]

"Mills?" blurted Tony:  "Whadda you make of ’im?"  Tony got on a large jackrabbit:

[“La porta oscura . . .”]

"One minute I'm in Vegas," he cried out, "the next I'm here at Glen Echo," and he used the hand-to-mouth whisper of a confidence again.

[“La porta oscura . . .”]

"Hihhhhuh," he exhaled, then gave a sarcastic look:  "Would I like to get a hold a . . ." He shook his head.  The carousel began to turn.

[“Con tal stran voce me chiama.”]

As the tyrannosaurus charged toward them from the midst of the savannah, Mills and Penny dropped hands and split in opposite directions.  The tyrannosaurus thundered between them.

[“Si dirmi non sia per ragion—
Madre mia, benedetta, non!”]

Back at the Carousel:  "Had they'uv stayed together," Tony continued, as if in the midst of a monologue that's been going on awhile, but not referring to Mills and Penny:  "it would have been so much more romantic."

[“Quando non permette viver,
Non per me c'e un pensier.”]

"Why don't we open up a museum," Mills shouted, "on Hollywood Boulevard"—the tyrannosaurus thundered by again—"for dinosaur meat!"

"Ha ha!"  Penny covered her mouth:  even with all the danger, she still laughed.

[Con tal stran voce me chiama.]

Tony stared angrily from the carousel.  "Nothin doin!" he commanded.  "Ah no," he went on, "you're not gonna get away with that!"

[“Arrabia me fa,
La mente se ferma—”]

Penny and Mills embraced.

[“La porta oscura,
La porta oscura . . .”]

Tony raised his eyebrows.

[“La porta oscura,]
Con tal stran voce me chiama.”]

"Uh huh!"  Tony concluded.  Shifting through various space-time frames, the monster became visible on Canal Road by the amusement park for a moment.
"But what could Mills do?  What would Penny say?" Tony wondered.

[End:  Hollywood Take 1.]

11

It all started that way, uh?  Uh uh, like a cup of coffee that goes down an 80-year-old lady's lips like an Indianapolis 500 car, I was ready for some change.  So when I got the call to come right outta da pyramid for some nosferatu business—the Undead—I couldn't even worry about laughter disease.  What did it matter dat an old friend had been struck by it.  More important, the Undead were even yet more deadly than laughter disease.
Look, let's drop the pretense and call him Dad:  Sikihotep, what I mean:  Dad!  He wadn't my dad, but, inna pyramid, ’at's about what he meant to me—I had been 'ere for centuries—cool it:  get it:  Dad!  If I wanted to go out, I had tah get permission from Dad, the way most kids do dese days.  So I had the OK from Dad to go out and look into this vampire business.
In the metro train, the train conductor's voice came over the public address system, "This is the Yelloooooow Line train for Huntington.  King Street next.  Let's have a good Friday!"
Jerry continued his narration:  If I was bummed out on no cigarettes and no coffee, there was Mona to be considered—Mona the hula moolah.  [Pause].  But when I got on that car at Braddock Station [hand to side of mouth] that morning, a scene of greater wreck and carnage can scarcely be described in human speech.  

[Jerry entered the car in a flood of morning light, gaping at the violated bodies.]

There were bodies all over, Jerry gasped—the white-faced battered bodies of metro passengers who had been fed upon by vampires and who in turn would recover and become vampires themselves.

"I'll be here from sunup to sundown minus a dozen hours!"  Bubba Croak looked up into the impassive face of an Egyptian servant about seven feet in height.  "Just ask your friendly mail clerk."  He handed the servant a shepherd's staff and looking up again stuttered, "Huh ah ah!"  He ditched the servant down a dark passageway, locating a pay phone in a niche.  "Honey?"  (He called home.)  "I'm in a pyramid somewhere outside Caesar's Palace."  He looked both ways.  "Don't wait up for me."  He paused, seeing the giant servant coming down the hall—"Call the cops!"  He hung up and started to run down the passageway to the end of it where there was some light.  "On second thought, honey," he muttered to himself, "don't call the cops—I think I'm double-parked!"


Where last we left our characters, Mills and Penny—stranded in another world and in danger of being devoured by a tyrannosaurus rex—Trina, John, Sharon, and Ray newly arrived in Las Vegas from the dangers of still another world—Jerry on his way to fight vampires in Washington, DC—and Grandpa Bubba Croak in the process of trying to find his granddaughter, Penny, in the ancient pyramid that carried a Pharaoh to the modern world:  we may now return to our gang of petty thugs—Goody, Searles, and Batterinew—who were hard at work on a scheme to make millions off the sale of a serum used to fight laughter disease, a modern plague.

"Nah, I don't want tuh hear about dat!" grumbled Drew.
"Huh?" responded Goody, sparking like a two-stroke power mower.
"I told you," Drew continued.  "And I told you," he repeated.  "Dat I don't want dat pyramid to take over duh Palace."
Goody stopped in his stupefaction:  "Whaddayah mean?"  And he heard this like he was alone, 12:30 at night, in an air-conditioned motel room, afraid to go out for ice for a drink of water—a hypersensitivity assailed Goody at such moments.  "The further I get," pause, "from that kind'a thing, the more I just wanna—"  And here Goody told Drew the rest of his thought with a nonverbal series of gestures, including hand movements and shoulder shrugs.  What duh'yuh want? he thought to himself, almost as if he uttered the thought.  "You're right.  Uh, I don't want that," Goody spoke out. 
"Yeah, well . . ." his buddy, Drew, shrugged.
"I need a haircut, er uh yuh . . ."
"At's what you gotta tell me?"
"Nuh, I need duh haircut today," he remonstrated, "not a week from today duh way you get haircuts."
"Yeah, you wish you had a fifth uh my haircuts:  you could make a hand puppet outta four fingers."
"What would I do wid a four-finger hand puppet?"
"Pull strings like you wouldn't believe—huh?"  Drew almost implored a slot machine—"Vegas!"  And then he waited a second:  "Uh huh, hoo ooh ah hah hah!" he exploded into laughter.
"Huh huh huh huh huh!" Goody huffed.
"Yeah?" Drew challenged.  Then, he lost his rejoinder—but he came up with another one:  "Don't pull my strings, buddy," he began:  "I could come up with a cactus in my hand."
Goody raised his eyebrows in mock surprise."  Those are good where you're goin," he cracked:  "where we're goin," he corrected himself, still joking, but maintaining his friend's superiority in the hierarchy.
"And where might that be?" Drew asked.  He knew, of course, but maybe there was an extra clue to be gained about the place.

What follows is from a medical journal, Medical Observations and Inquiries, around 1700.
Laughter:  what is it?  In certain climes, it's not harmful, if properly purged from the diaphragm, without regard, that is to say, regardless of the amount of air displaced through the teeth, for example, in a common whistle laugh.  To continue with the example (of the whistle laugh), the infection of the gums is nothing compared to the persistence of the laugh, whether it  be accompanied by loud, however pleasing snorts, or whether it hisses, to use a somewhat inaccurate expression, through the teeth, or whiffs upwards, bypassing the teeth, and updrafting, as t'were, through the nose—where, in truth, you would have a nasal laugh, or whinny; in principle, whatever type the laugh, the disease will see to it that the laugh persist to disproportionate lengths (disproportionate to the severity of humor—spleen, what have you).  The quantitative measurement of the laugh—the length and even breadth of the laugh, if it have volume to it, and if it be not phlegmy—can be easily taken in milliliters by the amount of distilled water displaced by a pig intestine sac submerged in water and inflated by the aching lungs of a diseased laugher. 
The dread effects of the disease not discussed in this article included paralysis and exhaustion:  one became like nothing less than a musical laugh box, for once the lid was opened on the disease's terminal stage, the unremitting laughter continued unabated until one either died of starvation or suffocated in one's own exhalation of mirth.
The tawdry horror of the disease was that the afflicted could not communicate his or her suffering.  It appeared that no stimulant be needed whatever to bring about that awful hah hah hah or heh heh or boo hoo hah hah hah, haw! haw! with which the inner workings of the disease began and ended.  One common feature which characterized the disease was known as "Dead Man's Pause."  At the point of a laugh where most laughers would stop would come a pause in which the laugher would usually attempt to establish eye contact with whomever—whatever laughing partner accompanied him or her—perhaps adding a nod of the head to indicate a need to cease from the laugh, only at last to renew the laugh with added fervor, coming across the telltale pause like a train across a highway crossing.  All traffic stopped here—no one, no matter how good humored, could follow the laughter into the new ground entered on by the diseased.

"You didn't think I needed to, uh?" Bubba sassed into the face of a mummy.  But when the casket started to rock a little as if to open, Bubba threw his hands up and out in front of him, like a blind man, and exclaimed, "Uh huh wah wah!"

"It ain't what yah think, Dean, about what happened.  I sawr that yuh had problems with yur laughter, but I had to look into duh vampire complaints (and I mean complaints)"—in a low voice—"in Washington—near National Airport."
"Huh huh haw!  Hah hah hah hah!" Dean guffawed.  "That's good, Jer—Vampires!  Never heard-a such a thing."
Jerry looked at Dean a moment, wondering which course to take next:  "Yah should'a seen 'nah bodies 'at I saw."  And Jerry gave Dean a sideways look.
"Hey hey hey hey, Jer," Dean laughed.  "C'mon down off that chandelier you're hanging from and get some sense in yur head."
Jerry gave Dean an expression like the hind-quarters of a Reece's monkey.
"Hey, Jer," Dean went on, "I know I've had a touch of Daffeter," and Jer indicated, uh huh, "but about these vampires:  do you really mean it?  I mean, I haven't seen a vampire since I read Bram Stoker's Dracula."
"Look, Dean," Jerry cautioned, books are one thing"—a modified sideways look—"experience another."  Pause.  "I don't think Pharaoh would want any vampires in the pyramid!"
"Well, tell Pharaoh from me," Dean countered:  "You can count me in."

"But I wanted" [high voice, addressing a crowd] "to let you know how happy I am" [drop suddenly to low voice] "to get—to find some way" [back to high voice] "to destroy" [shake of the head for emphasis] "with the vampires!"
A man who looked like a mayor turned from Jerry to his secretaries and assistants to express consternation about the "with" of Jerry's statement.  "With?" the mayor asked.
"Excuse me, your honor," Dean interceded.  "What Jerry means—and I am with him in this entirely—is that he can fight a vampire," and then he added, "as well as I've ever fought a man in the ring."
"Ahhhh ooooh ahhhh!" the crowd murmured.  A few reporters' flash bulbs went off.
"That's right," Dean countered, smooth as a Big Gulp at 7-11:  "I think Jerry can get the vampires taken care of for you and me—I mean to help him."  The crowd turned this way and that, silently, to which Dean added, "That's right!"

Alone on an African-like savannah nowhere near Savannah, Georgia, Mills and Penny were unafraid.  At the groan nearby of the tyrannosaurus, Mills went for his knife.  "There was no way he could fight the monster?" Tony Bumppo narrated.  "Yeah, uh, no."  Pause.  "If you've seen Mysterious Island, you know that a man?  . . . Wait a minute."  He blipped onto a movie screen with a black background as in a portrait studio, wearing a black turtleneck sweater, black pants, and black shoes:  meanwhile, Mills prepared to fight the tyrannosaurus, "Or monster," Tony went on, "which could be defeated by a man."  This kind of thing being seldom seen outside science fiction, "This was a victory Mills thought he could accomplish—uh who could argue?"  Blank stare, broken by, "huh huh," a little laugh.  "At that time, uh," Tony stopped a second to gather up a stare, nearly misty eyed—a fog coming on, with maybe a toot on the schnaz in order—he could be reaching back to an old comic's days in the Catskills or, better, some slow olden days in Newark—as if a tear should work its way up out of his narrator's eyes:  what would be better than to have a pretty secretary step forward and give him a kiss on the cheek?  (A pretty secretary in black, showing lots of legs, steps forward onto the screen and does that.)
"Ah, you should have seen it!" Tony narrated.  Blip:  

[Mills came back on the screen with Penny—Penny on the far right of frame, 
Mills on the far left—the tyrannosaurus between them in the distance.]

As the tyrannosaurus stampeded toward them, the ground shook—Mills drew his knife.  "There was no way Mills could fight him," Tony explained.  As the monster went by, Mills tried to jump on the tail, getting flung to the ground like a sack of Idaho potatoes thrown from a freight car onto a loading dock in Poughkeepsie.  He got back up, though, and ran directly at the monster's abdomen.  As the beast made to devour him, he stabbed, stabbed with all his might into the armor-like belly.  The monster wheeled, this foot, that foot, and bending low, snatched up Penny in its disproportionately small and awkward claws.  
“Ahrahghuhahhahh!” the monster roared.
Penny's scream pierced the unreal atmosphere.
"That was stupid!  Awwww!" Tony Bumppo grimaced.  "I can't stand to watch it!"  And the monster shot a laser-like flame at Mills and groaned afterward in triumph, aiming his nostrils at the sky and wagging his head as if tearing meat out of a cloud.
Mills had thought he could jump on the tail then climb up the monster's neck, but "Ohhhh!" Tony wailed:  "Meanwhile," he narrated, sotto voce, in his most understated tone of narration, "Penny had fainted."
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"  An invisible chorus sang like angels from the sky.

12

"But they're reacting to Mills," Searles complained to the small group of dark-suited criminals he was with (but he wasn't talking about Stuart Mills, about another Mills):  Packett, uh, Batterinew, others—comedians!—"Huh?" asked Searles:  it was a question to a cigarette lady who passed by him forty years ago—he erupted, "What d'you think I am?—a nightclub comedian!  Not since the 50s have I seen such bad television in a person's character."
"Huh uh, you ain't kiddin," Batterinew came up with.
Searles smiled, soothed already.  "I tell yuh, that Mills guy's gonna get in the way a our whole operation."
 "Uh uh," Packett murmured.
"Uh uh," Searles mimicked.  "I'm talkin about the antilaughter serum!"

The monster screamed, “Aihiiaihhhhi!” plodding over to a group of high trees.  After crying out a few more times, it placed Penny in a crook of the highest-most branches.
Mills cantered across the savannah behind the tyrannosaurus, trying to figure out how to approach the monster without endangering Penny.

Around a conference table, dark-suited men.
"Huh?"
"Huh?  The name!"
"What d'yuh mean?"
"Yuh need a name for this caper that'll keep yah clear a dee AFL-CIO," Goody explained.
"What would I need dat for?" Searles argued.
"Yuh know . . . if it ever comes out . . . dat Labor's payin too high a price for duh serum . . ."
"Yeah-uh?"
"I ain't sayin nuttin," Goody concluded.  "Like, you know what I mean."  
"Dat and three different colors in about ten different shades," Searles responded, like a patient coming-to under ether.  "All that came out all over."
"Just so it ain't all over when . . . we . . . bust duh serum."  Goody could be very dramatic when he wanted to.  Searles raised an eyebrow and crooked it with a glance at his partner.
"What about duh name, Milton Berle?" Goody suggested.
"Huh?"
"Huh?  Huh?  People will mistake you for Milton Berle?—no!  But . . ."  Searles cocked his big hairy eyebrow.  "It'll be a conversation piece."
Searles made a look as if to say, huh?—from some corny English poem—where e're you go, how som'e'er be shent:  "I can spend ten minutes on how me and Milton Berle are not duh same person."  What's wid dese mugs? he thought.
"Nobody knew you to talk dat way since years," Batterinew observed.
"That laughter serum is no big bones," Searles pointed out.  
"It's-a no big bones in'na soup," Drew chimed in.  "But what you need . . . is . . ."  He pulled his tie to the side of his neck, "A Macke truck."  And his eyes went wild-to-bug-eyed with a nervous twist of his head, "like a streptosaurus."  And his companions, particularly Searles, perked up with interest:  Searles arched both eyebrows up like two towers:  "To eat enough plankton. . ." Drew continued, and here Searles's eyebrows fell into a frown.
"Ahh, go on," Searles flung at Drew.
But Drew continued:  "To make Moby Dick my maternal grandmother."  He was finished.
"Yuh mean, yuh think we got a good deal?"  Goody translated.
"I think yuh should have eaten your Wheaties this morning—you're flaky!"  Searles pounded the remark into Drew like a left jab into the flabby abdomen of a forty-year-old.  But now he wanted a rhetorical strategy to pick Drew up off the mat and make him feel like a champion:  if Milton Berle were to become a winner, each partner in the caper would have to be conquered first by Searles, each would have to lose his identity in order to become a part of that greater marriage that would not have to wait 75 years to celebrate a silver anniversary!

As Mills strode along the plain of primeval landscape that smelled like the flanks of a zoo elephant, he began to notice a point in the sky which kept getting bigger, like something that was coming into reality that shouldn't be there.  Then he realized that what he was looking at was not a pterodactyl—one of those prehistoric birds that were really reptiles—but a winged monkey—which swooped toward Penny like something out of some unreal myth.  The tyrannosaurus turned like a grotesque puppy dog on his hind legs to regard Mills.  And that was all the winged monkey needed to swoop down and grab hold of Penny.
The tyrannosaurus pounded after Mills.  Mills dodged to his left, then to his right—to his horror—not being able to keep his eye on Penny, who was in the monkey's arms, being winged toward the snow-peaked mountains in the distance—what would you do?  Mills started to run at a lope after the winged monkey—never mind the tyrannosaurus (and indeed the tyrannosaurus had given up on Mills, wandering off to a nearby water hole).  Mills conserved his energy.

Imagine a husband and wife in two separate cars in two different places thinking about each other at the same time.
"Potrebbe," chattered Lucy to herself the way people do when they think they're not talking to themselves.
"Potrebbe che cosa?" answered Mat from his own car, having absolutely no awareness of what Lucy had just said.  
Lucy drove a white jaguar convertible with a red interior down the Virginia side of the George Washington Parkway.  "Ah hah hah, yeah!" she screamed.  Understood.  With her red scarf trailing in the breeze, she threw her head to the right, then to the left, then up to the right, up to the left, to make a pattern like a conductor's baton, in a rhythm of her own, full of all her playful energy.  An acid look on his face, her husband, Mat, on the other hand, drove a grey Mercedes around Georgetown as if on streets in Europe.  Then both his and her car flipped into Mills' reality—Lucy going one way, Mat the other—"Eh," Mat blurted.
"Pull over!" Mat shouted at Lucy.  Lucy stopped; Mat screeched on his breaks.
"Follow that bird!" Mills shouted, getting into Lucy’s car.
"Vieni con me," she pouted.  Behind her, Mat, depressing the gas pedal in reverse, flipped back into Georgetown.  Lucy hit the gas:  Mills had a big problem ahead of him. 
"D'yuh see that big bird up inna sky?" he exclaimed:  "Sequire quelli uccelli!" he screamed in Italian.  
Lucy gave him a movie-star look, then answered, "Capito!"  Her beautiful car threw up a cloud of dust across the savannah, her red scarf flew—Mills threw both hands up in the air like an Italian.

"As if he had nuttin tuh worry about," Goody commented sardonically, watching Mills on closed circuit TV.  Somehow Mills had got picked up by a bank or department store TV thrown into focus on him somehow by the weird alterations of space and time.
"Hey!  Turn 'nat off and get in 'ere," Searles swatted like a flyswatter at Goody.
"Wait a minute!"  He watched Mills in Lucy's car a second, "OK, OK."  At the flick of the switch, the screen went black. Who knows how they got somepin so realistic on the screen, he thought.  He couldn't help it, he flicked the screen back on again.

There was only one thing to do:  "You can stop," Mills told Lucy.  Alien gunships passed overhead.  Lucy brought the car to a halt.  Mills looked at her, she was 50 years old—at least:  once a beauty, still a little attractive.      

"8:l5," Goody noted.  "It's 8:15," he repeated.  "Uh?   My watch stopped at 8:15!"  Goody rolled around in bed onto his stomach and hugged the pillow:  "Hey, Drew," he called to his roommate.
First there was no answer, then:  "Yeah, yeah."
"Hey, it's morning, Drew, wake up."  The way Goody spoke, Drew's name almost came out like an afterthought.
"Hey, Goody," Drew muttered, and Goody cocked his ear:  "Get me some breakfast, er, uh, how about a cup a coffee."
The request made Goody feel better about himself—he loved to be helpful.

To the North, the sky became filled with winged monkeys.  From the West came the lights of three aircraft fast approaching off the horizon.  Maybe a thousand dark birds—monkeys—winged their way with Penny toward the mountains as Mills observed from afar like a man whose jaw drops at the sight of a betrayer.  Would the ships hit some of the birds and crash, or would they fire bright red or blue lasers at the birds to clear a path for themselves through the sky?  They veered away, Mills saw.
"Doo yoo want me to continyoo?" Lucy questioned in English, her face looking old.  How fast were those birds going? Mills thought.

In another part of the morning, a villain, and not a human one, reigned.  "After all," stated Jerry, "a vampire is not a man."
"He's the husk of a man!" enjoined Bret McMahon.
Jerry blurted:  "I'll see to it that he gets every nicety, every refinement in the art of vampire killing."
"Hawgh hawgh!" Mcmahon guffawed.  "Easy for you to say!"  But he qualified that by grunting, "Uhng hic hawf!"
Jerry burped:  "I intend," and here his voice trailed off into a lofty silence . . . Black out.

13

"What's Goody doin?" Hilton Searles chatted to his buddy, Drew.
"He's in'na back," Drew admitted, like a lawyer admitting a client to a judge's chambers.
"Hey, Goody," he called back:  "We got someone-a-here tuh see yuh."  Then a pause, and:  "Uh?"
Goody didn't flick the page of the comic book he was reading (a black-and-white comic:  he snapped each page with a flick of his finger before turning it).
"I don't like it," Searles growled.
"What don't you like?" Drew complained:  "He's-a-readin-a-comic!"
"He's readin a comic on his own time, then!" Searles exploded.  Batterinew took the explosion like a soldier who failed to defuse a mine.
"Hey, Goody," Batterinew called out to his co-partner:  "Hilton Searles is-a-here tuh see yuh!"  Had Searles not liked Batterinew, he could have gotten angry at the way Drew nearly shouted this over his ear.  But Searles was grateful:  Batterinew had not stopped mid-sentence:  "Start your engines, Goody, the yellow flag could be out."  

"Mills—Penny—what could I do?  Ah!" Jerry narrated, poised in thought like a 16-year-old on a seesaw with a little sister:  "I had a wife to get," he considered.  "It was the only way out:  either find myself a wife and move out or find myself parking Pharaoh's pyramid for cheap tips like a college student at an all-night grocery.  You could get duh jitters at a place like dat—boo!  The involuntary interment with Pharaoh would continue."
"Sammy!" Jerry thought.  "Sammy Wong outta Hong Kong.  He was too strong to be wrong—most'a duh time.  But aw, no:  Sammy!  There were two Sammys."
"The one Sammy," Jerry narrated from a red Chevy convertible, going down a palm-tree-lined highway out of L.A., "was nuts.  He couldn't do enough for yah," Jerry narrated, turning left beside a well-clipped lawn with a mansion in the background beyond dark green poodle shrubbery, a white sidewalk in the foreground, "all 'luh way up to duh best-lined or most spare coffin in'na nearest Italian funeral home."  (All this in Jerry's low-voiced, most suave and debonair, you'll-trip-over-your-own-feet, matter-of-fact tone, like the best adolescent's when he's alone with his friends in his mother's car, you know the patois:  it's the worst ham of the class outside the boss's office when the best-lookin secretary from the class of 20 years before gives him a trial-and-conviction-with-undeniable-malice in the flash of her angry eyes.)
"I don't get it," Jerry spoke up, narrating, but really voicing the thought as he imagined someone else might.  The cadence of thought was straight from detective novels.  "I knew it was monkeys," he argued.  "It was 'ose monkeys left over from 'nuh Witch's Castle when she was boiled down to her socks and the castle guards took duh keys to her best broom and blew the coop."
Jerry turned left in the balmy sunshine.  Then right by a eucalyptus tree, and it was night.  He could hear the flick of sand in his fan belt as he climbed the steep and pitted road to the Witch's Castle.  "'Ose monkeys have got to go-ooo! wo-ahhh!" Jerry cried, hunching over the steering wheel—something started from the side of the road like a rabbit and startled him:  "Give me winged monkeys, will yah!" he pouted in his high, childlike voice.  "Hah-ahhh!" he cried, and his car went bump in a pot hole.  The ascent was at least 45 degrees steep, so the car looked as if on the point of falling off a cliff.  He continued—unbelievably—up toward the boulders on the hill, across from the main gate, where the Scarecrow, Tin Man, and Cowardly Lion got uniforms off the guards they dumped for Dorothy.  Jerry pulled the car over like a tank driver going over a tree.  He was on the crest of a ridge that fell to the castle's moat.  Lights glowed in three rooms of the castle, an eerie light, like one filtered through a mask of cobwebs.  It came up buttery, as if the night were like a vast skillet.  Full a monkeys, Jerry thought.
But here Tony Bumppo's narration took over:  "Wait a minute, wait a minute!—tired, I wasn't, but scared, I should'a been.  That's true—if it wadn't one thing, it was another.  Gone, gone were the castle guards, and the Witch, and her cape, black hat, and sudden horrible appearances, gone was the dingy order she kept and gone the threat, it seemed, of a closing drawbridge.  But the monkeys were not gone.  They roosted out on every turret and battlement like a bunch a bats all clustered on a cave's dark roof.  You know what those monkeys looked like.  Yeah, ooh, weird!  They had—had?  They had monkey heads like no real monkey ever had, because their head and facial expression was actually more like a gargoyle's."  Jerry shut the headlights off in his car.  The headlights made a tink sound when they went off, like the sound of metal cracking when it shrinks down all of a sudden from a sudden loss of heat.  It was summer, so Jerry got out of his coat?  He'd been in Los Angeles in shirtsleeves!  He crunched along the dirt road over toward the crest of the ridge which descended to the castle.
"How many monkeys could there be on a castle parapet?" Tony Bumppo asked.  "Then one of the monkeys cocked his head and fixed his eyes on Jerry, keeping completely still.  Jerry took one more step, and the monkey sprang from his roost, with another and then another springing after him."  
"It was courage, heart, and brains that did it," Tony reminded Jerry, "if only he could get one of those uniforms!  He crouched behind a boulder like a little kid hiding by a staircase.  There was no way—the monkeys began to plop down around him like a bunch a pigeons off a huge civic office building.
"Hoo-wah!  Hoh-ohhh! Oooh-wohhhhh!" Jerry cried, as they tossed him up and down in the air:  "Woh-ahhhh!"  
He tried going limp, turning his body this way and that to escape.  But if he did escape, he would fall 200 feet to his death, because the monkey's had him up in the air now, carrying him over to the castle—"Huh huh huganf uh," he grunted, grabbing toward the monkeys.  Then he flipped forward, with his eyes bugged out, and made a turn-around, only to find the faces of the monkeys still in his face, puckered out at him like the drooping grey whiskered muzzle of a mule.
The castle came up like a dip over the Grand Canyon in a by-plane:  "Hoo-igh, awwgh," Jerry choked.
What a way to end up—dumped over duh Witch's castle by a bunch a dese greasy dingos, Jerry thought.  He could not find a better word for monkey, and he realized:  if only Dean were here!  So Jerry screamed it:  "Dean!" and then again, "Dean!"
"Hush!" Tony Bumppo went.  "Dean is 77 years old by now—there ain't gonna be no Dean!  
"If you could squeeze three tears out of a stone, there might be a Dean," Jerry whimpered in a baby voice.  But Jerry had no more tears to cry.
"They set me down on a rampart," he recommenced his narration, taking over from Tony Bumppo.  "So what?  Imagine a cigarette lighter flicked in the face of a showgirl to light up the first of 50 cigarettes, then imagine all the cigarettes in a pile, all broken and unsmoked.  Yah think I'd blow the coop because of a little monkey business?  I shut the burner on low and began to boil beans—or, they t'rew me in a locked-up room and, yeah, the one the Witch t'rew Dorothy in, and t'rew me in, and, oh, WOHHH, I found it, I found it, all right, the crystal ball, covered with dust.  Believe me—what I didn't know about dust from the pyramid, you could bottle and sell door to door, or you could sell door to door in a bottle.  What difference would it make:  you'd be out 10 bucks—you'd be out 20 bucks!—the 10 you gave me and the 10 you lost, hah hah!  

"Nooooo," he shook his head.  Man, here I was in a fantasy world surrounded by monkeys and, what's worse, imprisoned by them, when my task was to rescue Mills and Penny.
"How do I . . . woh ohh ahh uh ahhhhh!" Jerry chortled.  "How do I? . . .  And here he raised his voice to its highest register, sounding almost like Donald Duck:  "How do I—woh oh ah ah uh ah uh ahhhh," he cried:  "get out a heeeeer?"  He sounded like a boy after school trying to define to his mother some new male territory he’d conquered.
This particular room in the witch's castle inspired a bleak view of the world.  "Wait a minute," Jerry sighed, coming to the sudden realization that the witch's castle must be full of hidden passages.  He pushed the crystal ball, the one that had once taunted Dorothy with a picture of Auntie Em.  The floor revolved counter clockwise, and the crystal ball lit up the color of a clear blue sky, propelling Jerry through an opening in the wall as if he were in a G.E. tableau of an average American family at dinnertime, and he slid down a chute into a completely dark chamber, cut off from the light by the closing, sliding, revolving door at the top.
"I'm 65," Jerry voiced his thought.  "And I didn't mind that."  He shrugged his shoulders.  "But I do mind this!"  And he flung his fist out, so that it hit something like a package of pork chops wrapped in cellophane:  it was somebody's face, though:  Mills's.
"Huhn ahn!  I'm a marine!" Mills groaned.  He was chained to the wall—"Who is it?" he grunted:  "What do you want?"
"What do I want!  Woh ah, what do I want?  I wanna apologize, what I want."
"Get me outta these irons," gasped Mills, "never mind the apology."
"Awright awready."  Jerry groped around in the dark.  He grunted as his hand fell upon a bar of iron:  "Dey left it heeer!" he cried in a baby voice, smiling into the no-one-could-see-you darkness.  "Boyeeee!"  It was a big key, big enough to chain down a 50-pound cannon on a man-of-war's deck.  Kur runk chink, the chain went.  Jerry lifted it.  It was so thick, it almost had a husk to it, like a rattlesnake sliding over corn shucks.  Then the padlock made a ping as Jerry turned the key in it—ping kluck hock, he had it open.

Fade in from behind: Jerry and Mills walked hunchbacked down a long dank passageway with moldy slime on the walls and slick rills of water washing over the slime.  "Man, am I tired," Jerry complained:  "Where is Penny?"
"Easy, Jerry," Mills advised.  "We're gonna get to her just as soon as we can."  He paused, they both stopped.  "In the meantime," he extemporized, looking up at the dark ceiling, reaching up to feel over an overhanging ledge, "let's keep our voices down."  One large brick scraped against another as Mills dislodged a brick.  Jerry looked on:  "I don't want those monkeys"—Mills still talking—he reached up into a hole in the bricks, "to get too good of an idea"—he felt around a little—"of where we are"—scrape!—he pushed open an ancient rusty door like a manhole cover.
This could'a been Dean talkin, Jerry thought.  But could Mills throw a punch like Dean?  Dean had had the look of a father who was gonna make it and carry every friend with him who knew him.  He had it, the look, the post-war look of a father who inspired the limit—you knew things would turn out all right with Dean—everything would turn out all right.  For, after all, "Everybody loves somebody sometime!"  Mills went up the opening like an acrobat, calling back to Jerry in a voice that was almost Dean's, "Jerry, you're too old to make it up here."  
Dean was the kind of man that women loved—young women loved him because he was so heroic—he had actually been a boxer at one time, in an era when Italians were making a big name for themselves in boxing, and he had apparently turned away from shady dealings with the Mafia, which always seemed to lend him an aura that he knew more about the evil side of the world than the average person—Errol Flynn had been a boxer, but he was not as articulate as Dean, and, according to Truman Capote's later account, Flynn was bisexual, not a real man's man like Dean.  Dean did not say much, of course, but he was quick witted in a dialogue and shrewd.  Most of all he was quietly strong.  But old Italian grandmothers loved him because he was so sweet!  Don't forget, also, that Dean was handsome—the oil ran off his hair and skin like honey off a honey comb, and, like most Italians, he was smooth, smooth as a beautiful suit in a Porsche—you could not hold him down!

14

"Hey, Goody," Batterinew called out.  The two of them stopped right under the manhole opening.  Mills had not had time to lower the cover over the opening when he heard the noise of Goody and Batterinew approaching.  Now he stood with Jerry just over the opening, looking down.  He reached out and pressed a hand against Jerry's chest.
"Wait a minute," Goody responded, feeling his way as if toward a discovery.  Mills increased his hand pressure against Jerry's chest.  At 65, Jerry only wondered what his face looked like after a shave—was the sagging of his jowls taking away any of the monkey look he had so carefully cultivated for so many years?  Goody and Drew passed on down the tunnel, Mills lowered the manhole cover over the opening without making a sound. 
"Jerry!" he whispered, tapping Jerry on the upper arm.
"Wha?—who?" Jerry snorted, then:  "Lemme go back tuh sleep."
Jerry sunk down and slumped half over the manhole cover.  Mills could see, there was a dark lump on the back of Jerry's neck.  He bent to examine it more closely.
"Wait!  What was 'at?"  Mills heard from the lower passage—shock—the lump on Jerry's neck was a giant spider!  "Hey, dere's a door here of some kind."  Goody's raised voice penetrated up like the sound of an insect buzzing in a tin can.  "Uh uh oomf," Goody grunted, as he pushed on the door.
"Hey ah hahhh hahhh ohhh!" Jerry sang out and rolled over on his back, fully onto the top of the manhole cover.  The spider crawled up onto his face.
"Hoh oh ah hahhh hahhh?" Goody questioned from below.  "What was 'at?"
Mills was afraid to move:  "Woh ohhh, what I mean!" Jerry sang out, then threw his hands up on his face, and the spider skittered into his hair.  Mills reached out and brushed the spider off Jerry's head.
Jerry came to and staggered up from the floor.
"Hey, Jerry," Mills tossed like a salad at Jerry.  "Meet Goody and Drew, two new friends."  Like he was in the lobby of the Fontainebleu Hotel after a big night out with the Lion's Club or some convention or other of retired businessmen, after the feature act of the hotel's nightclub entertainment had just quit, especially if there had been an attractive blond in a black evening gown looking out from just inside the shadows of the bar—chunk klunk—Mills, Drew, and Goody flung the door open:  inside were no monkeys.
"Who seeks for love and, seeking, finds," Mills recited, "but will not quit?"  He paused as if for an answer to his riddle, then finished:  "It is only a legitimate idiot!"
Goody gave Drew a puzzled look:  "What's 'at mean?" he asked.
"If I had a dictionary, I'd spell it out for yah," Mills replied.
Looking toward the windows, Goody asked, "How do you spell monkey?"
"M—O—N . . ."  Drew could not finish, for a troop of armed monkeys swarmed into the room.

"Well?" Tien went.
"Well what?" blurted Hoang-Ha in none-too-good a mood.
While Goody and Batterinew sulked in a corner, Tien and Hoang-Ha commenced to get on each other's nerves.
How Tien had ended up in'na Witch's castle is anybody's guess.  Tien was, well, feisty.  She knew how to blow her way into a situation with six-guns blazin’ and find a way out.  She was capable, she could diagnose a situation like a doctor with a patient.  What if the monkeys all suddenly came back in the room?  Naw, nah, this wasn't the Green Room for The Tonight Show.  You knew Jerry would get everybody out, so why waste any more time with this part of the story?  Let's go back a few weeks, instead, to New York.

[Spoken by a narrative voice like the sound track to a movie like To Fly at the Air and Space Museum in Washington, DC.]

“Tien and Hoang-Ha:  when were ever two lovers like these?  From Vietnam, they traversed an ocean, by boat, by plane, what did it matter?  They came to be part of the great experiment of democracy in the United States.  The old country called, as to Cuban refugees who dreamed of returning to Cuba one day.  Tien and Hoang-Ha could not put aside the fantasy of going back to Vietnam."
Now Tien had another job:  not wiping a counter in a Greenwich Village coffee shop or wrapping silverware in a Chinese restaurant:  she was in New York, getting others to listen to her story about the space-time continuum—where else?  Yeah, uh huh, up at Bellevue (who else would listen?)—you try convincing SO-ALIF headquarters of what she and Hoang-Ha had been through and see how far you get.  They were at an MHRU (Mental Health Rest Unit), "taking a rest," or, being treated for delusions, hallucinations, and paranoia (brought on, so the doctors thought, by some virus carried by Gilgamesh).  Both Tien and Hoang-Ha were on good heavy doses of thorazine, which made them tired, made their mouth dry, and caused them a slight tremor in their hands.  If they had not been sick, they were sick now.  All in all, both felt wiped out by the medication.  They had to take the medication, it was mandatory.  For Hoang-Ha and Tien, who knew they had experienced no delusion but an actual transformation of reality, the drugs were all that much more maddening to take.  The most bitter pill to swallow was that, if they were not careful, they might never get off the unit, or, worse, they might end up like Jesus Christ, with an awareness of another reality at odds enough with the ruling powers of this one to get them killed.  Well, they were lucky they were not suffering worse side effects than they were.  They did not know how lucky they were.  Along with the confusion and strangeness of the place, they could hear the shuffled slap of slippered feet over the buffed-tile linoleum floors.   The air carried a smell that varied subtly as the medications in a patient's blood.  It smelled like the plastic of mustard color food trays which were wheeled in in big aluminum and steel cabinets.  Yet if this seemed calming to an outsider, Tien and Hoang-Ha could find little solace in it.  Time seemed to have stopped.
Hoang-Ha:  "We're going to be having group in a few minutes."
"OK," Tien responded, almost unemotionally.  It was as if each emotion had a set of limits, with the threshold level of the next emotion being delicate as the glass of an emergency handle in a subway car (i.e.,  in case of emergency, break glass and pull handle).  Tien didn't want to break the glass on her own emergency handle or the whole system might scream, "Let me outta here!"
"Woh," Tien sighed, putting the back of her hand to her brow like a goose pulling back her head to take a crust of bread.
"The more we call it the Red Planet, also," Hoang-Ha bleated, "the more we're gonna be blamed for confusing it with Mars, which is the real Red Planet."  (Both Hoang-Ha and Tien looked toward the steel food cabinet, which was empty now.)  Tien prompted Hoang-Ha to bleat more.
"It's not Mars," he bleated.
"So we know that," Tien reassured him.
"But do they?"  Hoang-Ha was about to launch an unequivocal doubt like a stray mortar.  He began by digging a trench:  "You know, the real Mars is legendary, having nothing to do with the red surface dusted by snow."
Tien caught the glimmering of a point, and with an unconscious nod motioned Hoang-Ha to bleat on.
"Ghi hih, hih hih, hih hih, hih," Hoang-Ha giggled.  All I want to do, he thought in a flash, is go back to SO-ALIF.  But the thought just jogged through his mind like a sea horse in a turbulent surf, no, his emotion was more like a load of laundry going around which he was anxious to put in the dryer, but he was forced to wait:  if Hoang-Ha and Tien had been at a picnic where emotional disturbance was like disturbance by yellow jackets, then anxiety as a side effect of the medication they took felt like a tractor on a hay ride on itchy hay.  Once thrown into gear, a tractor must move at a minimum speed, the clutch being released, so that there is a sense of uncontrol about riding one.  The tractor would be wrongly prescribed psychotropic medication, in this case, thorazine, the side effects of which start up just like a tractor.  If the side effect is anxiety, then it goes into gear as it goes into the blood, and, once it starts up, there is nothing that can stop the tread of its gigantic wheels.  Don't you never let nobody tell you an MHRU is a place to rest, Hoang-Ha thought bitterly.  The cure is worse than the illness.

"Vietnam?  Nah nah, that said it all."  Jerry Dangerfield returned as narrator to a comfortable chair in his upper east side apartment (with his bow tie untied and hanging down and the rest of his formal attire still on).  With that look of an after-a-big-evening-out like a cologne all over him, he should have had a cigarette to flick at an ashtray to accentuate his every point. "Uh!" he grunted.  He reached down and began to unlace his shoes.  A floral bouquet came up that made for the ordinary response—two sniffs at the air by the offending party and then, "Ewwwwww!"  It was just leather and wool socks, but, "Eeeee yuh! huh huh!"
"Hah nah," Jerry sang out, "hah nah":  he had the shoes kicked off and pushed to one side, "Eeee ah!"  This was finger-pointin mode.  Had you been standing there, say, his oldest son, you would have gotten a good dressing down at this point.  The finger—the finger-pointin’ finger was about to come up, uh huh huh huh huh huh:  who could disregard the complete litany?  All you'd done and all you'd failed to do!  It all went down the same, like a bottle of seltzer water you drank to refresh your thirst when some other schmuck only drank it to save his energy, uh huh, and, yeah yeah, to Jerry that would all wash like water at the nearest sewage treatment plant.

15

The door being flung open, a flood of chiaroscuro light streamed across Jerry, Mills, Goody, and Drew, who were prisoners, seated across two wooden benches in a dark room.  With crisscrossing bandoliers of grenades across the chest of his Italian organ grinder's suit and a submachine gun slung over one shoulder, the Witch's boss monkey hopped in on the flood of light and motioned for the prisoners to join him and his crowd of accompanying monkeys out into the hall, a crowd which flooded every hallway and adjoining space around the room, a crowd like the peasants who must have swarmed outside the cell of Marie Antoinette before she was executed.  "There are so many of them or I'd try something," Mills growled.  Being older, Jerry only nodded, not so likely to take a hot-headed approach.  The monkeys squawked like crows almost, in their way, and they all squawked to see the prisoners who they thought were being brought to justice.  All the crowd swarmed toward the Witch's sorcery room.
"With a scenic overlook," Goody pointed out.  But midmost of them all, like a Queen surrounded by subjects, stood Penny Croak, looking so good Mills stood ready to be knighted by her—she caught Mills's eye like a short-stop snagging a grounder on a bad hop, while at her side, like some royal concubine from a Stone Age harem, stood Tien.  The monkeys hopped and cawed, up and down, in excitement, like a room filled with degenerate gamblers in Las Vegas.
"Get a load a those monkeys," Penny gushed, flashing a smile at Mills.  (Mills looked like he was about to tighten up the lug nuts on her used, rusted-out Pinto.)
"Big Daddy's here!" sighed Tien, admiring Hoang-Ha.  It was too bad, too, for Hoang-Ha was brought in  in chains, from his neck to his wrists, like a wild man at a carnival side show.
"Tien!" he shouted, and the maudlin cry went all the way to the sob that got stuck in her throat.
Jerry had control of the situation, however:  (he did?).  Whatever the monkeys had had in mind, Jerry put a stop to it, stepping into the center of the room  and taking over as MC, holding up his hands in a grand queer gesture for quiet.  Like a businessman interrupted at his desk, the monkeys quieted and listened.  By signs, Jerry indicated that he intended to make each of the prisoners disappear.
"Caw caw!" the monkeys agreed, without realizing what they were agreeing to:  it seems there was a space-time warp in the middle of the room which only Jerry could see.  It was like a delicate perturbance of air molecules, so he called Goody to his side and cried out, "Dance!"
With the other characters clapping out a heavy rhythm, Goody started into a species of "jerk" from the 1960s.  Jerry twirled him around three times and pushed him through the warp.  
"Cawwww!" the monkeys cried, for Goody completely vanished from the room.
"You're next!" Jerry indicated, nodding toward Drew:  "Dance!"  Catching the excitement, the monkeys began to clap with their prisoners, Tien and Penny did the "jerk," and, before Drew had done more than two revolutions of the twist, Jerry spun him around three times and pushed him through the warp—what?  Drew and Goody ended up on Times Square, around 10 o'clock at night, under the enormous flashing signs on the crowded sidewalks.
"Woh ohhh ahhh!" went Jerry.  "Dance!"  Jerry's grin was infectious, for the monkeys, thinking perhaps that he was a witch (presiding over a kind of human sacrifice) began to dance the jerk along with him—"Dance!"  Penny and Tien went into a belly dance, shake-em-up, shimmy shimmy, bang bang, and here came Penny—three turns and out to 42nd Street.  Her clothes were torn like the girl's who had had them ripped by King Kong.  "Dance!" yelled Jerry.  He had a grin for the monkeys that they could not resist, and he had control over the monkeys like over no audience he had ever had before—Mills went next, "Dance!" Jerry commanded.  Mills did a "shotgun and boogaloo" over to the warp:  Jerry pushed him through like a waiter knocking a man into a pool at a country club:  "Dance!"  Tien swirled through the warp like a dancer with a bamboo-leave skirt, and Hoang-Ha followed like a bouncing bear cub in a variety show animal act.  Which left Jerry alone, clapping and dancing along with the monkeys and nodding his head to the rhythm:  he gave them three turns on one floppy foot, stamping the other one like a three-year-old in a major tantrum, and then, with a last idiotic grin, leapt on through the warp.

Drew Batterinew, Hilton Searles, Goody Packett:  these were names to Jerry, nothing more.  As such, he could not be prepared for the heist planned by them for Pharaoh's pyramid—Sikihotep's pyramid, that is, great great great (but unacknowledged) grandfather of Amen (Amenhotep).  Nuh, it all came down to Goody gettin the word off the side of a truck in Silver Spring.  That way, no one had to tell anyone anything.  The whole operation would be started off with a major break in its link of commands.  
"Let's be candid," Goody might have said.  Unless you looked at it right, you couldn't even see Pharaoh's pyramid at all.  Only if you looked at it right, like a column of mercury in a thermometer, could you see it.  There were no tricks here, really—it was just that the pyramid was lodged in our space-time continuum like a splinter.  It wasn't completely in our continuum.  Lots of people in Vegas thus might have seen it, but only for a moment.  For these people, the pyramid was like a UFO, an apparition; for others, a tourist attraction.  Bubba Croak had found it, and wandered through it, and looked for his granddaughter Penny in it.  Now he approached another difficult place to visit—the office of Philip Marlowe, Jr.  He needed professional help.
"C'mon in," the door panel seemed to say, pebbled glass printed over in black:  "Philip Marlowe, Jr."  And then below that:  "Investigations."  The man who ran "Marlowe" may not have read all the novels that made the fictional Marlowe famous, but what he wanted, and got, was a catchy name.  As such, he had one.  But he had to live up to it.  And he did: "500 dollars a week and expenses," he had told Croak over the phone.
"Sounds reasonable as a judge in traffic court," Croak had muttered.  The office was slick—carpeting that rolled out like a bedspread, inviting you to throw down sheets, grab the secretary and roll all over it with her.  She had Goldilocks' curls and the kind of free use of slang that made you feel like you were in fact just waking up in bed with her:  "Want one of the raunchiest detectives in the business?" she had asked Croak.  "You've come to your Mama's favorite place," she answered—when he didn't.  The meaning was up in the air, like pizza dough being flipped in a pizza parlor—huh?  Philip Marlowe blew in.  His real name was Terry O'Donnell.  He wasn't even remotely related to Raymond Chandler, author of the Philip Marlowe books.  He had a neck chain on, just visible inside his open shirt collar, a short-sleeve button-down shirt, with khaki pants and penny loafers.  He sported a heavy Seiko watch worth at least $500 on his hairy wrist.  He was everything a private detective should be, he was about to go sort through mummies in a pyramid.
 "Hello, Mr. Croak," he began. "Good to meet you."  Terry gave you the feel of a schoolteacher who had just come in from mowing the lawn, and he and Mr. Croak shook.  
"I think my daughter's lost in a pyramid," Croak began nervously.  Terry seated himself behind his desk, reached for a box of cigars, and offered one to Croak.  Croak waved it away.  He shut the box, gripped the armrests of his chair, and waited.
"What kind of pyramid, Mr. Croak?"  If a session of hypnotism were about to begin, that is just about the way the two men would have narrowed the focus.
"Sikihotep's pyramid," Bubba blurted.  "You won't find it in any history book."
"Why not?" Terry asked.  He had that blond hair like wheat blown this way and that in a field, and the dampness of a shower still clung to him.
"Amenhotep we know to have existed," Croak went on, explaining, but Sikihotep?"  He gave Terry a hopeless look, "There ain't none."
Terry bent his head and leaned forward, reaching a delicate hand up to paw at his desk with the fingers extended to form a canopy.  "Where is the place?" he began, not bothering to keep from being overly blunt in manner.
"Aw," Croak stammered, then settled back more fully into his chair, like a baby with a pacifier, gnee up!
"Never mind all that," Terry decided, he knew where the pyramid was.  "I'll find it," he concluded.  He had seen the "casino" on his way to work one morning.  "Mr. Croak," Terry warned, "this is a house-rules, place-your-bets town, and if your daughter is here, I'll find her.  But if she's into any shenanigans with the casino people, it will not be as easy as I would like to get her out."  Croak frowned.  "But I'll get her out," Terry promised, wanting to get rid of Croak's frown and succeeding, "because this not the sort of place that a girl like her should be."
"And what kind of place is this?" Croak inquired.
"Mr. Croak," Terry cut Croak short, "just tell me as much as you think I need to know about finding your daughter, and then I will see what I can do."
Mr. Croak gave a look of betrayal.  After all, hadn't Mr. O’Donnell promised to find his daughter?  He told Terry everything, leaving nothing out.  After, Terry sat back like a tick about to drop off an old dog's ear.  How he had sucked that story up!  But stories like that were his gravy.  He swung one leg over the other in the masculine fashion.  He turned slightly in his swivel chair, "Eh yuh hey!" he grunted.
Eh yuh hey had had nothing to do with it, Croak might have said.

[Narration by Tony Bumppo]

What about Jerry and his marriage plans?  If he didn't marry, he couldn't move out.  It was as simple as that.  The law which held him was like the one that held Der Fliegende Holländer, or The Flying Dutchman, who could not be released from the curse of sailing the seven seas on a deserted ship, never to rest in any port, until he found the woman he loved.  Only then could he abandon his ship and his long lonely years of solitary sailing.  How, you might ask, was Jerry able to get out of the predicament of having no wife? Penny and Mills, Tien and Hoang-Ha, Jerry and who?  Mona?  Don't mention it.  If you were the Fliegende Holländer, do you think you would be so choosy?  He was too busy—Jerry?  Oh, how the years rolled by.  Jerry always had so much to do:  save this person, make friends with that person, see that that got settled, make sure that that other didn't blow up:  he was like a nine-year-old reaching up to get something down from a too-high shelf, reaching without looking or getting out a chair to stand on.  We already showed how Jerry got Mills, Penny, Tien, Hoang-Ha, Goody, and Drew out of the Witch's castle.  Remember how all the characters were stuck in one room?  All of the sudden it just occurred to Jerry that the opening between dimensions which he could so easily see could not be seen by anyone else:  might some more circumspect observer want to say that perhaps in his case, the powers of human perception might be said to alter with the subtlest transformations of the human soul?

"Now, Hoang-Ha, we're releasing you from this institution—it's not because we think you're well, you're not," the doctor would go on.  "You're going to need a thorough-going program of follow-up care.  Remember what I told you," and he'd become explicit:  "You need a structure, a way to organize your life, medicine, and therapy.  With those three things it should be possible to beat the handicap of mental illness.  But ignore any one of these three things, and you're going to find yourself right back in here."
You see, she was gonna be in pictures, Hoang-Ha thought to himself, remembering the words to a popular song.  And I was gonna learn to fly.  He wasn't sure of the lyrics at this point.  She got out at 42nd Street.  And he thought the last line out, being pretty sure he had it wrong:  A dollar past seventy-five.
Hoang-Ha and Tien checked out of the MHRU at the same time, no thanks to the higher-ups at SO-ALIF headquarters who wanted to have their stay extended.  All Hoang-Ha and Tien needed, according to the doctor, were some tranquilizers to help keep them from being so hyper.  They'd talked and talked and talked and talked, until their stories made sense, and then they were released into their own custody because they exhibited precisely nothing more than the mildest symptoms of no mental illness.  New York:  unreal city!  To Hoang-Ha, a steel and concrete dungeon built on stilts, a prison with a privilege.  At night, on Times Square, it offered a drug store, open at 10 p.m.  Gaudy lights for an amusement park which offered no rides.  If you wanted to watch middle America on parade, you could catch the gleam of a white shirt in a dark suit, the flash of gold from a watch, the shake and the slink of a woman in a mink—cheap cologne and perfume:  what did it all mean to Hoang-Ha who rose up out of Vietnam?  Sitting around the MHRU, he had had plenty of time to think out an elaborate plan of just exactly what he and Tien would do when they got out:  1. Get something to eat at a fastfood place; 2. Have a cup of coffee in a paper cup; 3. Buy a new jacket at the street vendor stores near the train station; 4. Take the train back to Washington; and 5. Catch a high school basketball game back in Bethesda, Maryland.  Simply stated, fast food was just fast food.  Hoang-Ha and Tien didn't have any money for anything better.  But coffee out of a paper cup was a delight because it could be taken outside and drunk while walking along the sidewalk.  Drinking coffee, he and Tien could then walk to the little clothing stores by the train station, some of which were owned or run by Vietnamese boat people.  But that wasn't why Hoang-Ha wanted to buy a jacket there, no, it was because it made him think of steel town, mill worker, muscle America there,  the kind of America that could have blown North Vietnam off the face of the Earth.  But it was also the quality of goods that those stores offered for the price that impressed Hoang-Ha.  When you bought there, you were buying a dream.  And that dream would be in your head when you slept on the train, a train ride being a solemn initiation into the mysteries of an America that electrified the night as with the lightnings that laced the atmosphere of a place like Mercury or Venus, an America that was like another planet, that revealed during day a curious absence of inhabitants.  But a high school basketball game, Hoang-Ha thought, was a place where America came alive.  Was all that to suggest that we would soon be inhabiting another planet?  For the train trip was a trip by spaceship and the basketball crowd a new people in a colony on Mars.

16

When Tien and Hoang-Ha got seated in the fastfood place—"Chicken Basket"—Hoang-Ha reached out and embraced Tien's hands across the table.  The emotion they shared was—after-the-cry-that-got-caught-in-your-throat-having-gone-through-suffering no-one-could-possibly-understand.  They ate chicken as if it were precious, nibbling at the flaky crust like munchkins.  They had napkins, and each had a cup of coffee in a paper cup.  Hoang-Ha drank his black.  How could he do that, Tien thought to herself—how could he drink his coffee black?
During Tien's silence, Hoang-Ha decided that he had never really thought seriously about leaving her.  Now his eyes watered up with compassion.
"If we're only gonna be taking this medicine for about a month," Tien faltered, alluding to their prescriptions, "we might as well take it faithfully."  She paused to take a look at some chicken bones and coffee in front of her.
"No, no," Hoang-Ha replied, looking up from the same still life.  "I don't take mine till bedtime—morning and night," he explained.
"Oh," Tien confided, almost hurt that she and Hoang-Ha should not be taking their medicine at the exact same time.  "I've got to take mine three times a day," she explained.  Hoang-Ha looked up into her eyes:  "With each meal," she told him.  Both wondered suddenly how many times they would repeat this to each other, since they had already been through it several times.
"Oh, yeah," Hoang-Ha remembered, "I remember you told me that."  While speaking he recalled his itinerary—he and Tien were due next to buy new jackets at the train station shops across from Madison Square Garden.  "Let's go buy new jackets," Hoang-Ha suggested.
"All right," Tien agreed.  "But let me take my medicine first."  She tried to sound as if she could make something disagreeable pleasant.
"OK," Hoang-Ha winced.  He picked up his coffee and walked with Tien out into the streets—the New York streets, man!  The New York streets did not share their space with the people.  They were separate from them, and they had nothing to do with the height or the size of the buildings.  Hoang-Ha felt stretched.

"Can I see that army jacket, please," he requested.  Even he could get uptight about keeping his mind free from all the bad memories he had of being in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.  He tried the jacket on.  But he bought a black nylon, imitation black leather jacket, instead.  Tien got a multicolored patchwork jacket in pink, red, white, and tan.
After buying the jackets, Hoang-Ha pulled Tien around a dark corner from the shop and threw his old jacket in a doorway.  "For someone who needs it," he explained to Tien.  The two clasped hands.  Hoang-Ha put his arm around Tien's shoulders, and the two of them headed across the street to the Madison Square Garden entrance to Penn Station.

Rah chah chah, rah chah chah, rah chah chah!

"Beat B - C - C!"  The cheer ripped through the gymnasium as if through a tear in the firmament, where cherubim and seraphim sat roaring on their thrones.  It came like a rush of water:  "Beat B - C - C!"  The cheer ripped through the jungle of the nerves like incoming fire from a mortar round, "Beat B - C - C!"  It was as inevitable as the thrust from a carrier jet going into battle.
"Gary Brown with the basket," the announcer jabbered.
"Beat B - C - C!" the crowd roared.
You could not accurately pinpoint where the excitement came from in a big high school sporting event.  It was a hormonal outburst of very large emotion with nowhere else to go, no alternative for outlet.  Eighteen-year-olds who might be squeezing a trigger in a foreign war like Vietnam, with the cry to kill on their breath, now cried about whether a leather ball should fall through an orange ring with a white net hanging from it.  Children who would soon be parents screamed at players as if they were children.  And that all had to do with kisses in the back seat of a car, a fistfight in the parking lot—things that mattered—short skirts, flashy legs, B’s and A’s, frustration, fast-talking in class, long sexy sidelong looks, and the desire to prove oneself so much better than one's surroundings, where one grew up, who one's parents were, or even how one did in school.  It was a game that sparked a vision of freedom, in the swirl and teeth of a cheerleader's bounce, the fatherly warmth of the crowd, the concentration of the players—"Beat B - C - C!"  Life had meaning.  It was all in the simple formulation of the cheer, in the being part of something that could set you free only because it didn't really matter who won or lost—there would be the same exodus of shadows outside the field house in the headlights of the parking lot:  there might be less of a smile on the face of a loser, but there would still be the same hope in the laughter that came from each hyperbolic expression of chagrin.

"Duh-duh duh duh, duh, duh duh-duh duh duh, duh!" Terry O'Donnell sang to himself as he walked to the Las Vegas bus terminal as if down the long hall at the Friendship Heights Metro Station in Washington, DC (toward that second bank of escalators which lead to ground level).  "Get ready cause here I come," he croaked, just loud enough for anyone nearby to hear, but not enough for people at a distance to see his lips move.  Because he was trying to sing without moving his lips, yet without slurring the words, either.  But this was not the Friendship Heights Metro Station, it was the bus station in Las Vegas.  There's a place for every degenerate gambler here, he thought to himself.  He knew what it was like to bring home a degenerate gambler—but what about a girl?  OK, so where was his patience?  It was on a metro train in Washington, DC, about to get off in Chinatown—Mama!

"Look, why don't you come out and level with us about this thing," Two-snoot Flannigan growled at Goody.
"Look, Two-snoot, I told jah"—he gave a look of exasperation, "I don't know nuttin’."  A lie.  But Two-Snoot knew that.  He flicked his cigarette ash on the floor, carefully cuffing the remainder in his palm.  Yeah, yeah, he didn't say, but he watched Goody closely.  Goody always ended up in hot spots, and right now Goody had that exasperating feeling of being accused of doing something he might have done, had he ever thought of it.  But, then, Flannigan accused Goody of a crime too specialized for a layman's understanding.  To understand the criminal mind in this depth of its labyrinth, you would need—God luv yah—to have served at least three years of a twelve-year sentence in a state penitentiary.

"For your eyes only," Terry thought to himself as he carried some luggage through an airport  terminal. "Only for youuuuuuuuuuu."  Sweet!  His destination?  Washington.  He kicked his heels off his desk top and cut with the fantasy.  He had a girl to find, couldn't even remember her name.  How about that pyramid, though?  Yeah, what about it?  He'd seen it through his rearview mirror when it appeared between two buildings as he was driving, looking for another address—a big pyramid, outside of Vegas.  Seeing it made him feel like a kid when he glanced in his family room on Christmas eve to see a whole roomful of presents.  He couldn't remember the street, he couldn't remember the girl's name—what kind of shamus was he?  Then he remembered—he saw it—majestic—reddish in the evening light—this was no imitation pyramid, sir, no, this was the genuine article!

"All right, Gary!" Hoang-Ha shouted.  It could bring a tear to his eye to see a kid from Whitman behaving so manfully out on the court.  Tien smiled.  She remembered the intimacy, the closeness with the other students she had felt at Whitman, "RAHHHHHHH!" the crowd exploded at another basket by Gary Brown.  It was the kind of closeness that brothers and sisters might share in their pajamas.  Whitman was ahead 43-39 with only a minute and thirty seconds left in the half.  This was where Hoang-Ha wanted to be.  He wondered what some of his old friends might be doing.  There was a pretty girl in the stands about five rows ahead of him who turned her head sideways every now and then as if to show a vague awareness of him.  She had a Grecian face with a plastic smooth quality to it that made it almost seem unearthly, supernal, ethereal—golly!—she gave Hoang-Ha a pang:  "RAHHHH!" the crowd cut loose a cheer as Gary Brown dribbled into the left-hand corner and went up with an unbelievable shot over two outstretched defenders that swished right through like a lawn mower cutting a perfect swath of grass through a country club golf course!  Hoang-Ha loved everything there was to love about the gym.  He loved the smell of the gym, a wood and varnish smell, with the scent of rubber matting for the wrestling matches rolled up behind the stands, the smell of sweat evaporating off cotton socks, tennis shoes with rubber soles—cinder block walls moist with humidity, dripping showers down in the locker rooms, warmth and moisture, heat from exertion and a cool drink from a water fountain, with a dab of gobbled, mint-scented gum in the drain:  "Beat B - C - C!"  Even with a crowd of a thousand or more, the gym still gave off its cranky old-man odor.  "RAHHHHH!"  Thirteen seconds left:  "Beat B - C - C!"
The BCC team brought the ball up the court, the crowd cheered, the point guard passed to another guard on the wing, who passed it down to a forward in the corner.  He took one dribble, then passed it in to the center, who dribbled it once from the key and went up for a shot off the backboard—"Beat B - C - C!"  A good shot, but it missed.  And a Whitman player swept it off the front of the rim, starting the fast break down the court the other way:  "RAHHHHH!"  He passed the ball to a guard who passed it to a forward, who passed it back to the guard, who passed it to Gary Brown in the corner, who took one dribble down the baseline—he was a lefty—and he went up for the shot.  As the crowd shrieked like a slumber party of girls in a panty raid by the host's younger brother, Gary's shot arced up and up and swished right through the basket at the buzzer:  "Bahnnnnnnnnnn!"
As Aristotle wrote, "the unexpected always happens."  In the ancient world, it was believed that if the king did anything evil, even if he did it unwittingly, as Oedipus did, there would be a curse upon the land:  pestilence would rage, the cow would not give birth to the calf, the rain would not come in its season, the wheat would not grow, the hyena and jackal would howl, the land would be desolate, laid waste, a wasteland.  Pharaoh had done evil by cursing Jerry, and the consequences were far-reaching.  In Jerry's world, Daffeter disease threatened the entire population, vampires preyed on defenseless innocent victims, the pyramid was in a desert—Las Vegas—and Jerry could not find a bride—the bride comes not to the bridegroom.  The life-restoring powers of fertility, rain, health, and vigor had yet to be released from the monsters that still swallowed them—what did all this have to do with basketball?  Just this:  even basketball could be absorbed into the structure of this symbolic framework.  BCC was the monster, Whitman the hero.  Villain against hero, the BCC Baron, a villain King, against the Whitman Viking, a heroic quester.  If Whitman won, lives could be changed, and so, it might not be that difficult to imagine that events in far-away Las Vegas could be having a strange but real effect, all the way across the United States, on Tien and Hoang-Ha in their small but significant world in Bethesda, Maryland.

When John and Trina got back from the Zopotron world, of which Trina had been a part, they really got back.  They did not fall through any other layers of the birthday cake.  "You're a large responsibility," John badgered Trina, making the sign for responsibility with two r's—his fingers crossed—on his right shoulder, and then tying on his tennis shoes.  She only smiled, indicating by a raised finger that she understood, and then she cooed a little.
"Oooh oooh," she cooed, in a soothing voice like a dove, a sound she may have learned to make as if to reach out to the hearing world.  John scratched his head.  It was as if Trina understood him in a way no hearing person ever could.  He smiled.  Trina smiled back.  He extended his hand to hers, and she took it—they squeezed hands a little.  John shook his head into a grin like early spring rain.  He and Trina had a doctor's appointment.  It was his big idea on what to do now that he had her back in his world with him.  Jeez, he didn't say it, but his heart had been set on meeting a girl and getting married.  Trina jumped off her chair and bounded across the room over to the picture window like a white mare in a turfy paddock.  It was 8:10 a.m. of a spring morning.  She stood before the blinds with one hand poised on the draw cord, extended, like a ballerina.  Outside, it was warming up with just a nip of winter yet in the air.  Trina didn't make a sound.  She just stood still and quiet—she carried quietness with her—and John almost shook, he almost trembled, to be so near her, to really be so near, and share the quiet with her—her sweet blue eyes just kept looking up at him from the sweetness of her pure white roseate skin.

The instruments in the Zopotron aircraft high above all went into a scramble, spinning around and around as the jet made the break between worlds and passed in its trajectory over New York.  It could not really be seen to be wearing bright red and orange colors any more than a Blue Angel jet might be seen to be wearing blue.  If one could really tell at the time and remember, well, it was doubtful if one could remember very much later:  the jets Jerry saw up in the sky were just dark objects.  What he didn't know was that these jets were from Zopotron and that they actually knitted the sky between two realities.  All Jerry realized while looking at them was that he was not a young man any more.  There were different parts to his personality.  The young part did most of the living for him: it was the part that spoke up, "I gotta get outta that pyramid no matter what I do!"  But there was an older part to Jerry, a part that now hunched its shoulders against a slight chill in the wind, and it bellowed, "I never made it—never had a wife and kids like a normal man, and I'm 65, and I wanted them."  The wind blew off this older Jerry's collar as he went to get back in his car.  He turned toward God, imploring him over the steering wheel and banging his fist, "Why did you do this to me?  Why!  Why!  Why!"  He bent forward over the steering wheel, and threw his head in his hands, and sobbed out one, and then two, hoarse animal sobs.
One tear found its way out of his left eye and wrestled a long journey down one swollen cheek.  
When he found Mona in the parking lot of the grocery store, she was buttoning her purse out in front, with her back to him, hunched against the chilly, late-winter wind.

17

Imagine Trina squeezing a bar of ivory soap with her white arms bare up to the elbows, and you can imagine how her hands looked to John at the doctor's office.  The doctor came in to take blood.  He tipped a wink at John.  "Your friend might be from another reality," the doctor began, "but if her blood type's normal," he shrugged, "I don't see how you're gonna prove it."  He went about taking Trina's blood.
John's mind flashed with images—he saw the pyramid in Las Vegas, loose change on his dresser top, shampoo, soap, his comb, clothes hanging in his closet, shirts neatly folded in a drawer.  
He wanted to surround Trina with himself the way his mind surrounded images of his things around the pyramid to make it seem almost recognizable.
"Thank you, doctor," he blurted.  The doctor looked up at him with raised eyebrows.  "It idn't important," John added, then thought for a moment.  "What's important," he reflected, "is that she can live a normal life with me."
As he was taking his second vial of blood from Trina, the doctor became more serious.  John noted the change and backed off immediately from any further discussion of other realities.  "Who d'you think'll win the pennant this year, Doc?"
The doctor shrugged, characteristically, giving a half smile toward John to turn the question back to him.  "We might win," John philosophized—"the Yankees, the New York Yankees!"  The doctor looked at him with questioning eyes.  "I liked the old teams," John testified.  "Mickey Mantle, Roger Maris."  But to get it right, he had to make it known that Mickey Mantle was perhaps the greatest player who ever lived:  "You can't get a better player than Mickey Mantle," he testified, just as the doctor was tapping a blue vein in Trina's arm.  The vein was just about right to stick a needle in.
"I liked Mickey Mantle," the doctor agreed, sticking in the needle.  Trina felt almost no pain at all.  John realized, at some sense of distance from the doctor, that he had steered the conversation clear away from dangerous waters.  He felt some danger of drifting back to them, though.  But a thought came to him—what if Trina's blood should prove abnormal?  Here he prided himself, like a shy person going red with a blush, that a simple physical exam might prove so much.
"Ah, well, Doc," John bantered, with the needle being withdrawn from Trina's arm.  "We could talk baseball or we could talk about this beautiful weather."  (Weather was another great safe subject.)  The doctor nodded.  Trina held her arms out awkwardly.
"It's certainly been pretty out," the doctor concurred, gathering up the vials and proceeding into another office.  "OK, you two are done till we get back the results on these—make another appointment at the desk for in another week."
Trina and John's eyes met—Trina's flashed, danger.  "We'll make the appointment," John submitted, as if tipping his hat, though, he remembered, Ted Williams never tipped his hat (of course, he wasn't Ted Williams!).  Trina went down as being Trina Schmidt, 19 years of age, born in Kalamazoo, Michigan, with no social security number (because she'd never been given the card) and no insurance.  John told the nurse that she was his cousin.  He told the doctor that she was his girlfriend.  The two were out of the office and into the space age, as into a huge supermarket parking lot at midday in summer.  Time beat on, timeless as the reflection of light off chrome.  It was only 11 a.m. in the morning.  The face of John's watch had the look to it that it might stay 11:00 for twenty hours.  There were kisses and hugs in those twenty hours:  good as gold, and yellow as Trina's yellow hair, pale as her onion skin.  John had time to accomplish a lot—plenty of time.  He was like a housewife with errands to run.  But that was OK.  There was a bond between him and Trina now like life and death.  And you can believe it that Trina was go, go, go!
John glanced at her legs, from the car floor up, traveling the little distance from desire to desire like a spark that jumps the gap with every piston.

Do you want to be together for as long as we should live upon the earth?  A voice of a higher being's, somewhat like an insect's, pulsed through John's mind, distinctly identifiable as Trina's, yet otherworldly:  Do you want to be together? it asked.  
Trina! John shouted (in thought).  He looked into the clear blue questioning look of her eyes.
Do you want to be together for as long as we should live upon the earth? Trina repeated, smiling toward John.
Yes! John cried.  Yes!  I do!  He hesitated:  I want to be together.
John's V.W. hatchback rocketed down the freeway.
Do you want to be together for as long as we should live upon the earth?
John saw that Trina was serious, serious as a maid of honor at her best friend's wedding.  She looked away from him toward the traffic, not focusing on anything.
Yes, yes, John stuttered, I want to be together.  And then he added, for as long as we shall live upon the earth.
Something released like a gearshift between John and Trina.  She smiled.  She smiled like a thirty-five-year-old mother of two, reaching over to put the back of her left hand on John's right cheek.  Then she reached under his chin and, underhanded, brushed his left cheek.  John could hardly contain his joy.  He gave a voiced shout for joy, "Yahhhhhh!"  As if he had advanced at least 2 million years in human evolution.

"Hi, Mom," Tien stammered over the phone, emoting much unsaid sympathy.
"Tien!"  Mom showed her pleasure and aggravation all at once, "Where have you been?"
A loaded question.  Tien couldn't possibly explain to her mother.  A typical Asian situation, right?  But that's like saying Italians liked to use their hands when they talk.  Tien had to come up with an answer:  "I went to look for Hoang-Ha, remember?"
"Where have you been?" her Mom insisted.  "You've been gone a week and a half.  We've had the police out looking for you.  We thought you might have drowned in the canal or river!"
Tien felt like a cornered badger, she felt betrayed.  So she decided a half truth was better than a lie, and spoke up, "I've been in an MHRU."  When her mother didn't respond, she continued, "In New York."
"What?" her mother gasped.
"For experiences I had while looking for Hoang-Ha."
"Well, where are you now?"  Tien could tell that she had connected with her mother, even though her mother continued to be frantic.
"I'm at home."
These were difficult emotions to be going through.  Her mother's point of view, though Tien was too removed from it by her experiences to understand, was not unreasonable.
"Where is Hoang-Ha?  Did you find him?"  There was a silence on Tien's mother's side of the phone that spoke of home.
"He's home with me."  Tien came alive a little with the thought inside herself of how she and Hoang-Ha had escaped from the monkey castle.
"Well, thanks be to God you're both safe and home," her mother shuddered.  Then the next comment came up out of a silence like a bank vault.  "Is everything all right?"  Pause.  "Are you OK?"  She was speaking of New York.
"Yes, Hoang-Ha and I are fine," and inside she smiled, for she realized the irony of what she was about to say:  "But I don't think we'll be able to explain everything to you."  A depression followed her thought like a cloud in front of the sun.
"When are we going to see you?" her mother pleaded.  "I want to see you!"  (It was around ten o'clock at night.)
Tien felt like saying, we'll see you right now.  But it was late, so she promised, "We'll see you tomorrow after work, unless you want to come over and see us."
"My gosh, girl, yes," her mother responded.  "I'll be over some time in the morning.  Will that be all right?"
"It'll be fine," Tien agreed, then remembered, "Hoang-Ha has to talk with his uncle."  It was difficult for Tien to tell even about herself, whether she was using that as an excuse to get off the phone or not.  She knew she was still in hot water with her mother.  "I hope Daddy hasn't been too worried about us."
"Do you want to talk to him?" came back her mother's rejoinder.
Abruptly, Tien thought, No!  But she answered, "Yes."
A silence which hinted of an exchange of rifles rather than of the phone followed.  Her father got on and Tien could imagine an eighteenth-century Prussian militiaman with white bandoliers over a blue jacket with a high black hat.
"A-lô, Tiên?”
Her father had that far-away sound to his voice like he was speaking from the fishing trawler she'd left Vietnam on.
"Thúa Ba!"  She was still a little girl to him.  
She just explained to her mother—would she have to explain to her father now, too?  
She explained that she would have called home from New York, but because Hoang-Ha was there, too, she didn't feel the need for it.  She couldn't explain that they were alone there together with what they knew, and what they knew made them unacceptable to everyone in a normal conversation.  Her father's silence grew like a beanstalk up into the clouds.  But by the time the conversation was over, she had managed to make off with the golden-egg-laying hen and could almost perceive her father beaming over his end of the phone.

Let it be hereby resolved, Jerry read—back in his chamber in the pyramid, that the building—note, C—that is, a pyramid, is in violation of Code 32, Section 8c of the zoning laws of the city of Las Vegas . . . Jerry flipped the page and tossed it in a pile of papers next to his reading chair.  He had better work it out with Mona and fast.  Things were gettin’ hot for the Pharaoh, and it was time to be movin’ on.
He flicked on his radio, and with a turn or two of the dial tuned in on a newscast, "There is no cure for the vampires but a stake through the heart, and, as we've learned, that is not popular mythology but verifiable fact," zzzzt, Jerry rolled the dial to a classical music station—a flute, a piano, and some violins.

 Mills and the rest of the men were not thrown in the stockade for going AWOL:  some of the men were either dead or lost—they were put down as being missing.  The United States Marines were not ready to accept a story of jumps in space-time, so, as Mills leaned back in his underwear to rest his head upon his pillow, he began to pray for Penny.
He had warm thoughts, even, of combat training.  It was as if the mud and bumps, the barbed wire and bullets, knocks, shouts, and curses, the branches, sand, and water all came together in one glorious image of himself fighting another man in hand to hand combat, bataka style, (like Robin Hood and Little John with staves).  And it was good.  His muscles felt supple.  He was equal to the test of being a Marine.  Penny!  Mills envied guys who had a girl to call, a real girl.  But he had a real girl to call now, too.  He had Penny's number in a little black address book he kept for his friends, his brothers, and his grandmother.  There were so many questions!  What had happened?  His whole bunch of men could have been "dishonorable discharged," but the authorities accepted—now get this—that the platoon . . . Mills could not follow the logic of it—but from what he'd heard—the platoon had been "absent but still in training!"  Something like that!—pshew!  He was glad he didn't have to explain decisions like that.  For all practical purposes, it meant that the Marine Corps believed his story but was not allowed to admit it.  By now, drill instructors over on Paris Island were probably screaming, "You fairies been out there playing with the Al - i - ens!"  Mills began to go to sleep.  He recited a prayer.
It was possible to pray too much, he thought.  For that might be to take the name of God in vain, to pray without complete concentration.  It might be better to miss church, for example, he felt, than to simply go in a ritualistic manner.  He felt the same way about girls:  if he didn't mean it, he didn't want it—which meant:  it was time to go to sleep!  He tried to pray some more, but he couldn't.  He couldn't get up enough energy.  So he thought about wanting to pray but not being able to.  That worked.  There was just that feeling of wanting, wanting, wanting, controlling his thoughts, as if darkness was a kind of light he could see into and to see was only metaphorical for to think—he looked into the darkness and fell asleep.

18

That was it—Jerry picked up his mallet, then his stake, and headed for the Mercury Building.  It was just more work he had to do as Pharaoh's servant.  But destroying a vampire could be tricky business.  Take this man, a district manager in a franchise computer business—his time was up.  Alls it would be, would be like a little heart attack, and then the tormented demon could rest in peace.  Jerry would release a man's soul and send a demon straight to hell, and if that demon could rise up out of hell at the final judgment, as some Christians believed possible, that was none of his business.  He was an Egyptian—a Hebrew—but still an Egyptian.  Images began to pullulate through the clairvoyant senses of his brain—a man in a grey suit huffing past subordinates into a back office fronted by a bank of secretaries—four or five—all with that look of being just about to call a husband, son, or daughter—"Honey!"  Third floor, Jerry knew, making a stop at a red light.  He was driving new wheels?  No, the same Chevy convertible, top down, with mallet and stake in the back seat.  Left at the light—a sob struggled up in his chest, but he did not sob.  That was the horrid reality of having to dispatch one of these walking corpses.  They were perfectly normal, but they were dead—undead (that's why they were called undead).  Jerry knew, and he had never been wrong.  He knew when he had a dead one.  But he worried, and he worried, and he never stopped worrying.  There was always the chance—he turned right at a green light, noticing a pretty woman in a straw hat with all the beauty of a professional model—always the chance—he stopped at a red light, right in front of some pedestrians—a man about his age, horribly middle-aged, scowled nervously at him—and then he started the car slowly forward across the intersection at the green light—there was always the chance, gulp, sickening thought, that he would kill a real one—a real man—one day, and not a vampire!  He pulled into the parking lot of the Mercury Building, and his car did a bounce and dip.  White pole stanchions separated the dark tunnel-like parking places—hey, there wasn't no parking attendant!  Jerry had butterflies in his stomach like a surgeon about to go into major surgery.  But it was worse than that.  The feeling was actually more like that of a surgeon performing a very difficult operation on a man he hated.  It could be done, but would he remember not to sew a pair of forceps into the man's chest?
Jerry trembled.  He flipped the gearshift into first, pulled the emergency, and reached into the back seat, without looking, feeling for his tools.  He knew the elation of a score.  He knew what it was like to drive in right through the protests and drive the stake right into the heart of the living man—living man?  A man who was but a puppet on strings, who, once the stake was driven in, would become his true self in the moment of death, revealing for a moment the tragic evil creature that lived within the body, like a hermit crab in a conch shell, repulsive as a bat, deadly as a lion's claw.  Jerry knew the telltale signs.  His victim, the vampire in the man, always manifested abnormal psychology when it came close to getting killed.  Then the vampire was like a mafia hit man who knew his time was up.  That's why Jerry suffered a case of nerves every time he had to kill one:  every single one of them demanded his complete concentration and energy.  Jerry was an entertainer, he knew about concentration and energy.  He was also a servant to a pharaoh, he knew about obedience and ambition—forget about all that shtick about growin up in Jersey!  Right now, Jerry felt like he was going into a funeral parlor to mutilate a corpse.  
In a funeral parlor, it's as if the light burns upward from the earth rather than downward from the sun.  Of course, electric light comes from the earth, but it's probably not thought of that way by most people.  The light in the office Jerry entered was funeral-parlor light.  And the fifty-five-year-old receptionist who confronted Jerry at the entrance looked like a fresh-washed cadaver, but she was not a vampire.  Jerry knew that, just by looking at her.  Two other secretaries busied themselves about their desks nearby.  
"I believe your boss is expecting me," Jerry commenced, nodding toward the manager's office.  "We have an appointment."
"I don't have any record of any appointment," the cadaver argued.
Jerry bowed toward her, making his eyes go moon-eyes big:  "He's expecting me."
"I don't want any visitors!" the manager shouted from his office.
Well, the jig was up as far as the secretary was concerned.  Glancing down at the mallet and stake in Jerry's hand, she made a wry face and reached for the phone—Jerry reached out and touched her on the forehead.  Immediately, she became quiet and busied herself behind her desk.
"Peg!  Peg!" the call came from inside the office.
Jerry could feel that burning sense of righteousness that always began with him when he got ready for a kill.  He strode into the office, closing the cheap hollow wooden door behind him as you might find in any cheap trailer on a construction site.  The Boss sat at his desk, with his chair pulled way up close.  He did not look at Jerry, but rather looked as if down at his desk but not really at it.  His cheeks seemed so red as to be rouged, the color of a badly colored, overly made-up corpse.  He had a round face with scant fine hair, light brown.  He wore a brown-yellow jacket and a blue tie with little white figures or insignias on it.  Right now he was like a windup doll with a string that pulled to make him talk.  "Make yourself at home, come right in the office any time you like.  I'm always willing to listen," he babbled.  Jerry ignored him, he had no doubts in his mind now.  This man was gone in the final stages of becoming a vampire.  He would disappear from daylight altogether in not too long a time.  That's just when Jerry liked to get them.  Once you got them, they went right down into the grave, and so Jerry busied himself around the man, getting his stake in his left hand, mallet in right—coming up behind him, Jerry thrust aside the businessman's jacket, laying bare a patch of silk, white, monogrammed shirt over the heart.  He, the businessman, showed no sign of struggle—that is how Jerry grew in confidence—Jerry could never be really sure until the very end—that he had a vampire and not a man.  But Jerry acted on the assumption now that he had a vampire, and so with his high voice, he piped, "Aw nah, nah, nah, nah!"  He pushed the businessman's hands away from clawing at his chest.  Then, like a father bending over his daughter to help her tie a shoe, Jerry leaned over the gibbering businessman, who gibbered, "I want  you to come into the office whenever you can, and not just when it's absolutely necessary."  Firmly placing the stake over the heart, and then steadying it firmly with his left hand, Jerry shouted, "Now!" and brought the mallet down in so fierce a fashion as to propel the stake off a rib a good half way into the unstruggling man's chest.  "Uhn!" Jerry grunted, slamming the stake home with a second blow, and then, "uhn! uhn!" a third and a fourth blow sent the stake more fully home.
The demon rose up in the man, then.  The man's eyes went red, becoming luminous, and a hideous animal snarl swept across the face, revealing the long incisor vampire teeth.  A tremor swept over the body, then, over the shoulders and down the arms, and Jerry watched the being in front of him as one who'd lived for centuries, through various reincarnations, and who was thus well acquainted with evil.  He waited for the peace that came with the passing of the demon, and it came, like a cloud scudding before the sun.  The body of the businessman went grey.  Seated in his chair, like some 17th-century Puritan New England judge who died of apoplexy—no doubt he sent his kid to Harvard or Yale—he was of a type, this businessman, a certain pink-skinned type of forty-five-year-old who once worked on Wall Street and was no doubt married to a woman who wore flowery skirts.  In death, this one particular poor unfortunate businessman who met calamity, not from Jerry, but from the Devil, returned in peace to rest in peace.  Jerry could see that now.  The devil was gone.  Jerry had things to do, so he crossed the room.  Outside the office, the secretaries showed no awareness that any struggle had occurred.  That was all well and good, Jerry thought—this may have been an easy one, but it didn't feel like one.  He was really getting to be too old for this kind of thing.  (He remembered the blanched bodies in the subway car.)  Well, this was one guy who had really got himself a stake in the computer business, he laughed to himself—oh, boy!  He felt like a nightclub comedian telling jokes in a jockstrap.

Jerry hurried back to the pyramid in his convertible Chevy.  In his mind were two things—getting back to his chamber and getting out of the pyramid.  If you had lived in a pyramid 5,000 years, don't you think you would have gotten attached to your chamber?  Well, maybe.  But for Jerry, his chamber was like living in a men's room in a bus depot at night.  There was no real sense of attachment.
Vegas, narrated Tony Bumppo.  I did not know Vegas, I will confess to you.  Oh, sure, I had a tourist's knowledge, but that's like saying I had a knowledge of the Moon.  I was Jerry's double, all right, his Ka, or better half, but that did not mean we understood what it meant to live in this kind of duality.  We were Hebrews, so what it meant for us to be each other's double, as the Egyptians view the soul, is anybody's guess.  I certainly didn't understand it, and I know Jerry didn't.  Sometimes we were one person, and at the same time, that is, two persons in one, and we knew it—other times, we were either him or me—you'd think we'd get into trouble, one of us wanting one thing, the other wanting another.  Well, ok, huh?  The only trouble we got into was getting Jerry married.  It was the only way for him to get out of the pyramid.  And—and I didn't mind that.  Let me make it clear to you—I had been married—to Jerry!  So if he wanted a wife, let me tell you—I did not mind.  The possibility offered me visions of unlimited freedom.  I wanted out of the pyramid, too, and if getting out meant getting married, then I was for him getting married.  The curse on Jerry had to go.  I could not leave if he could not leave.  OK, the pyramid was home.  All right.  It was snug as an Econoline trailer in certain ways to me.  So why change what was at least comfortable?  Hey, come'ere a minute—I'll whisper it into your ear!

Hey!  C'mon, Pharaoh's tomb
is all you need for gloom.
Don't tell me you know
what it's like to go, go, go
across the centuries,
unless you say it, say it to me, please!
Say you love me, if you do,
I will marry you.

O when will this pyramid ever stop—
Bah hah yonamah!

If you knew me, how it was,
to be alone with Pharaoh's curse,
then how could you imagine I'd
still be here even if I died.
Like evening light that fell
across a wall I knew so well,
impossible to say or do, 
still say you love me,
say you do,
and I will marry you!

O when will this pyramid ever stop—
Bah hah yonamah!

What measure of our days each day
will measure how we find our way
through years that pass 
like autumn leaves
and hours like a heart that grieves,
rainy seasons round the sun,
like fields of wheat 
where we would run—
mystic life as I once knew
from birth to bring my love to you—
tell me how we'll ever stop
this pyramid
like who said?—
Bah hah yonamah!

Now when you are with me,
like a god I'll sing to thee,
such sweet songs as ever I find,
the very nature of my mind—
ascend, ascend, I'll sing my best,
and bid you be my heart's best guest,
then you will know me when I'm true,
and I will marry you.

This is the pyramid we get off—
Bah hah yonamah!

Time!  Time only seems to make all things, when it doesn't make them, really.  Time plays its part.  It brings all things into being.  It turns the greatest monuments into ruins.  Why does time humble the human heart, when it's already humbled by experience?  To live in a pyramid—that—that was safety, protected from the reach of Father Time.  Oh, we aged, narrated Jerry.  Huh huh, we aged like a couple a crones in a Catskills comic act—that is to say, that time went by more slowly for us in the pyramid than for others.  We went from Mitzrayim (Egypt) to Mexico.  We hopped around—wherever we could superimpose our pyramid on a space.  There was no "Pyramid Casino" in Las Vegas, so, well, we made one.  Hardly, but I had about as much to do with these decisions as I had to do in wrapping Pharaoh's mummy—hey, wait a minute—I'm the one who wrapped that mummy!  Nobody told me we'd end up in Vegas—kooky Las Vegas—kooky, like I mean, kooky, man!  OK, I was raised in Egypt, but in Newark, in the spring of my sophomore year, I won a varsity letter in baseball.  Of course I was thirty-two years old in biological time.  But, well, that's the way it was.  Time had stopped for me when I was 16.  That's when Pharaoh shut me up in the pyramid.  Over 5,000 years have passed, OK?  And I have been alone.  But I was no longer waiting to find the woman I loved.  I had left that kind of waiting far behind.

19

"I don't know if we can make it.  First impressions are important to me.  My first impression was not a bad one.  The bad part crept in.  Then it went away."
"So what's with a first impression?  It's like a first wife . . ."
"Hah hah hah hah!"
"Gone before yah know it."
"Yeah!"
"Uh huh."
"I'm telling you, I'm in need of help, because I feel like blowin’ a fuse, as if I'm about to blow one and, it's like, a guy who sees all these pretty girls and can't get near ’em because they vanish like schools of fish before him—and I'm like a puppy looking for a teat to suck on, competing with a hundred other puppies.  Can you understand me when I say I'm scared?  Because sand is slipping through my fingers, and I feel like a gambler with my hands on nothing more than a pile of sand."
"Sure, sure, Boss—if we fail at dis, den you know dat we might be in for big trouble, huh huh."  Goody forced a laugh at the end of what he'd said to lighten tension—he never liked to get too serious.  But Goody's good humor was about as wanted by Hilton Searles as the knowledge that his shoes were made in Sweden.
"Yeah, Boss," Goody excitedly added, "Hoo ahh yahhh hahhhhhh!  When we get duh serum, we can store it inna pyramid, just like Pharaoh said!"
Help me! Searles thought.  I know what it must be!  I've got the heist all strung up inside of me—"C'mon, c'mon, what is it, what is it, what is it?"  
"What is what, Boss?" Goody stammered.
"Shelton better be on nat bus!" Searles remonstrated, raising and leveling one thespian finger at Goody.
Goody knew he meant the bus in Silver Spring.  But all he could do was make goo-goo eyes like a nineteen-year-old slapped in the face by a burlesque queen going by with barely covered breasts:  you can look, but, oh, man, you cannot, cannot touch!  Goody was not so dumb as to try because he had a future at stake.  The hustle with Pharaoh was supposed to be worth two billion dollars.  Goody buttoned his lip.  His share in the take could be as much as 10 million.  Yeah, yeah, yeah—he put his hand up on one of the box crates of serum and pushed a little to hear the tinkle of glass inside.  Of course, he couldn't move the crate—it was too heavy, so he heard nothing.  Searles tapped a cigar ash to the floor.  They stood in a makeshift warehouse off Ditmars, near LaGuardia Airport.
"Forget it, Goody," Searles remonstrated, as if to add, "If we blow this mothuh . . ."  But adding no more.  He seemed to scowl, he said nothing, only scowled:  "Shelton gets the message off the truck!  Shelton gets the message off the truck!"
Goody knew that this part of the heist was more important dramatically than strategically, still he loved drama, and an operation with style was one more likely to succeed than an operation with no style.  Style was everything.  But Searles maintained that this part of the operation was not style without substance.  And indeed, there were other stylistic refinements to the operation, only, this one seemed to be so imaginative, so sharing in a spirit of creativity, and good will, that it inspired Searles to talk about it—it was just a little thing, but it was so important:  a message would be sent on the side of a truck to Shelton on a bus and when Shelton got the message he would know what to do—either set up for taking the serum through New York or straight to Las Vegas.  One person would make the decision.  Starlight fell on their shoulders out on the loading dock.  Goody turned toward Searles as if to tell a joke—it was almost spring—but he couldn't get it started—he had no joke to tell.  There was just that look on his face he had that made him seem like a baby trying to smile—with one side of his mouth drawn up.

Jerry:  I had emotions locked up inside of me nobody knew about.  But to get them out was healthy, in theory.  It would be like cleaning rooms in a museum.  Each exhibit had to be dust free.  Then I could bring out the parade—maudlin sympathy, pathetic doubt, obtuse or obstreperous chagrin, real caring, unalloyed trust, unconditional candor—the list would go on and on.  I wanted to be me.  And if that meant being a nightclub comedian turned film comedian who was really an Egyptian, then being me could be an adventure.  I subscribed to the realpolitik of living in a pyramid, but the idealistic part of me did not get off on that.  Forget about Mona, I had located a mummy.  It was the mummy of a young woman who looked about due for rebirth, and she was in the child-bearing years, too.  I named her Tessa for testatura or "stubborn" in Italian, a word I had picked up from Dean while we were still together—"Bring a wife back to life," seemed like the most useful way of putting it.  True, she was no wife—yet—but to be a wife, she had to be brought back to life:  bring a wife back to life—that's for me!  
Like in my days back in Newark, in Mrs. Finkel's class, when I sewed a mouse's intestines to the side of a piece of plastic, and put the whole exhibit in a jar of formaldehyde.  I did that all for a kiss on the lips from Reesa Pottlemeyer.  She was the teacher's favorite, and I was just a bum with an itch in my lips and the faintest stirrings of a knowledge more sweet and precious than an A.  Yeah, yeah yeah.

Jerry dusted off the sarcophagus of the young woman by blowing on it here and there and slapping at it with his hand.  All I can do is hope, thought Jerry.  But the problem was so big for him—facing the prospect of an entire life completely alone—it almost knocked him to the floor, for he grew faint.  Light flickered over him from two torches placed in nooks in the wall.  Ah hah!  There was always something new to be learned in this pyramid!  But to count on the love of an unborn woman!  Jerry's fingers felt over the surface of the painted mask on Tessa's face.  She was attractive, if any kind of likeness could be imagined accurately at all with this kind of mask.  Of course, in the cultivated classes, all the women looked alike, thought Jerry, all were of a certain type.  They looked like the stylized pictures of Egyptian women all over the pyramid's walls—tall dark women with dark eyes and black hair and a slender delicate build—like birds.  The bird, hmm, could be a symbol for the soul, Jerry thought, and the sight of this coffin-womb before him made him think that it sheltered a fragile egg.  Well, Jerry might have to find a worm to feed his baby!  He began to ply the cover off the sarcophagus.  With one of the tools left behind in a basket for future field work, he got the lid to creak and then to shudder open.   He lifted it off in one piece.  There was no sense in waiting for some other servant to come along and assist in the reincarnation.  Pools of black like pools of water at night under the boughs of an overhanging tree gathered like clouds in Jerry's concentration.  He poured an ointment over the tattered bandages of the form before him, muttering a faint susurrus of whispered prayer in supplication and guilty praise to Adonai . . . 

"I'm not gonna make it on nis, I swear to god!"
 What's the trouble? thought Goody.  Searles is crackin up!
"My health is gonna crack like the tightest safe in Brooklyn!"  Searles looked bad.  There were dark circles under his eyes.  He had that deadly pallor to his face of a stand-up comic who had worked an eight-hour day like a bank president to three different audiences, with the same overworked material.  Just as it can be almost impossible to help someone who's having a nervous breakdown by giving him only tranquilizers, Goody himself did not know what more to do to help Searles.  If Searles fell out of the operation, that would leave him—Goody—and Drew to bring home the bacon—hey, Goody was concerned—hah!  Goody cared about Drew, but he felt responsible toward Searles.  So he decided to do something to cheer Searles up:  there was only one thing he really knew that did that.  He got in his car and drove.  He drove down to the 91st Street Station, parked his car, and got out and took the subway.  The station looked like something out of the nineteenth century.  Up on the platform, its wrought iron grillwork hovered in the almost-spring, crystalline chilly air.  If a steam engine train had come chugging down the track at that moment, with great clouds of steam billowing from it, Goody would not have noticed nothing unusual.  But there was a long wait for a train, an unusually long wait.  When the train did come, it was not a steam engine, but a normal subway train—that is, a garbage truck slammed and banged together like an old lady with a shopping bag.  So Goody got on—he got on the Old Lady and rode her—bang, screech!  This station was no place for an old lady.  It looked like a trysting place for Romeo and Juliet out of West Side Story.  Well, it's difficult to say whether Goody just noticed that, or whether he moved within a world where that was an accepted reality.  Luckily, there was nothin jumpin’ on the train—no weirdo talkin’ to himself in a corner or having an argument with a stranger, no smart college kid involved in an earnest discussion of Flaubert.  So, Goody accepted the inevitable, a razor-slash, bottle-break gentleman with scruffy beard, disheveled clothes, and, in general, mean and nasty looks, who sat directly across from him in a totally empty car.
Goody got off the subway at 42nd Street.  The subway was so empty, it was like seeing a baseball player in his underwear.  Perfect for a mugging—thud, thud, ugh ugh ugh!  It rarely happened though, thought Goody.  Well, he was off to 43rd Street—the Ascot Hotel—or was it 44th?  Across from the New York Times.  He blew in, up from the sidewalk, puddles here and there from collected rain water reflecting the streak of red from a streetlight in the click of a passing high heel.  Inside the Ascot, Goody approached the Italian desk man like a kid approaching his grandmother.  But if beauty can be likened to a donut in the morning with a cup of coffee, then Goody came out of the Ascot with six donuts and six cups of coffee—he had to be careful not to spill them:  they came bounding down the steps of the Ascot, all atwitter—all six girls and Goody.  And so it proves true, Goody decided:  they only care about money.
Aw, c'mon, Goody!  Lighten up!  Perfume, Goody, perfume and long legs—long, long legs—short-waisted coats, jewelry, long painted fingernails, white skin, black high heels, dark mesh stockings: "Hee hee hee hee!"—giggles and screams, "Ahhhh!":  six girls, Goody, six girls!  And what else could you do with your $3,000 dollars, huh?  What else could you do with your $3,000 that could be better? 

"James Hardnought, General:  615-87-2129," he repeated for the 63rd time.  The Zopotron interrogator paused—and the pause went on and on, because General Hardnought was now back at his office in the Pentagon (Intelligence, Combat Division) having a flashback.  He took a bottle of bubbly water out of his little refrigerator on the floor behind his desk, and—kee-rough!—opened it.  Then he kicked one foot up on the edge of his desk and tipped back in his chair, taking a sip of the bubbly—shihhh-thup!  The tyrannosaurus rex business was his baby—glug glug glug glug, nyup!  "Ahhh!" he sighed.  But there was a movement within him that made him bigger than his rank or his office.  Like he felt in Vietnam, where he could never generate enough momentum to win the war, but always enough to go on with it.  That was a different kind of momentum.  He had cried once because he was so proud of his men, so proud of the way they had acted under fire—ok, it sounded corny now.  He pulled a paper clip out of his desk and unbent it, a little at a time.  Colonel Kirkpatrick burst into the room with the latest on tyrannosaurus sightings.  General Hardnought pulled up his chair and poured over them.
"There's one been seen out in Vegas, General, near a pyramid—" he scratched his head:  "Funny thing."  
Hardnought went on thinking.  A lot of veterans from Nam got involved in the antiwar movement when they got back.  They participated in marches, turned in their medals, but it was easy to see why they did that, public sentiment was so strong against the war.  Oh, they all had got their heads turned—Hardnought shook his head.  Well, even a man like Norman Mailer, who wrote the greatest novel on World War II, marched against the Vietnam War—he even got himself arrested in the March on the Pentagon.  Man, it was depressing!  Hey!  Suddenly the General saw some light:  what about those kids over at SO-ALIF?  A spring breeze stirred under the door to his office, just barely under a crack in the window.  It was cold, but the air had a scent to it.  The smell of spring.  Hardnought could recognize it sometimes even in the deepest chill of winter—that Hoang-Ha kid had to have a hand in the present show they were working up.
"Colonel!" Hardnought yelled for his aide.  "I want you to invite that kid from SO-ALIF to come to Las Vegas with us," he told Kirkpatrick.  "Get in touch with him, huh?  I think we're gonna need him."
Kirkpatrick loomed like an 18-foot-high Renaissance painting of a saint.  He dropped three big aluminum movie tins on Hardnought's desk.  They held Godzilla movies.  It was Hardnought's idea that an imaginative view could only help him in his battle against this tyrannosaurus.  So Hardnought had called for them.  He dropped a report in his briefcase and shut the top drawer of his desk.
  
John sat back in his chair and leaned back a little while barely audible rock music drifted over him.  He was working his new job as a telephone relay operator for a telecommunications exchange for the deaf.  What are you doin’? Trina asked from his apartment.  Oh, I'm just takin’ a kind of break—not doing anything, really, just leanin’ back in my chair.  Oh, Trina answered.  I'm washing some dishes, and I just watered a plant on the window sill.  John could picture it exactly as she described it.  Hey, John exclaimed, go back in my room and see if I left that change on my dresser, I'm too lazy to check my pocket.  John waited a second for a response, then bantered, I'm just kidding!  Ha ha ha ha! Trina giggled.  Because you're beautiful, John told her.  It must be some kind of beautiful person who could speak words like yours.  Trina thought for a moment.  Wondering what she had said, then, in her most knowledgeable, womanly voice, she teased, Well, then—hey, honey, are you gonna take me to Las Vegas?  I told you I would, John answered, noticing with pleasure her use of the word, "honey," which she had picked up from him (it was so cute!).  Just as soon as I got a new job, I said we would go to Vegas.  Their telepathy blew like wind between them, and they began to feel uplifted by it.  John said:  This new relationship has empowered me!  What do you mean? Trina asked.  I just saw that term used once, John related, about having a baby.  That the parents were empowered by it.  Oh, Trina blurted, then paused.  Would you wanna have a baby? John asked.  I don't know, Trina answered.  I haven't thought about it much.  Yeah, well we can't help our thoughts now, can we? John joked (and they both giggled).  Every little thought has to be explored, John went on—he feared an argument might start up—they did have arguments—and so he shifted gears:  If I could have lived in a commune during the 60s, I would have done it up in the mountains of Colorado or New Mexico.  I would have dressed you up in a faded, blue denim dress, got you a straw hat and some high lace-up, rough-out shoes.  Trina sighed.  She had only a dim idea of what John was talking about.  We could have farmed, he went on.  We could have had a tractor . . . He became overwhelmed.
He crawled up through a mist of emotion to the light blinking on his computer screen.  He pushed the button that answered the light automatically:  "Hello, this is Telecommunications Exchange for the Deaf.  GA."
I got a call, John told Trina.  She answered with silence, John watched the message come across his screen:  "Hi, this is Gloria.  Wd U plse call Alan for me at 320-8540.  Thanks.  GA."
"Sure," John typed.  I gotta make a call, he told Trina.  We better sign off.  OK, she answered.  I'm just gonna be around here a few minutes, then I'm going out.
John made the call.  A man answered.  John said, "Hi, this is the Telecommunications Exchange for the Deaf, and I have Gloria on the phone.  She's hearing impaired, so I'm calling for her.  Is this Alan?"
"Yes."
"OK, please hold."
John told the deaf person that he had Alan on the line.  Then she began to type, and John read her message to Alan:  "Hi, Alan, this is Gloria.  I'm really getting frightened by the Daffeter epidemic.  I mean, I'm getting panicky.  It's getting like Boccaccio's description of the plague in Italy during the Middle Ages.  GA."
Alan answered:  "Yeah, a lot of people have died."  And John typed to Gloria exactly what Alan said.  Alan continued, "They've got a serum for it now, though, I understand."
"Oh, Alan, isn't it exciting!" Gloria typed. "How will it work?  Will it be given to everyone?  GA."
"Everyone will get an injection if they get the disease, I believe," Alan asserted.  "This is not a vaccine, it's a serum.  Go ahead."
"Not the same thing, huh.  Well, can they make a vaccine out of a serum?  Listen, I've got to go.  I just wanted to see if we were on for tonight.  GA."
"We are.  Go ahead."
"See yah tonight.  GA."
"OK, bye."
"ILY.  GA or SK."
"I love you, too.  Bye bye.  SKSK."
"SKSK"
As he hung up the phone, John realized that he did not really know the difference between a serum and a vaccine.

20

"When are we movin’ out?" the soldier asked Mills.
"Tomorrow," Mills replied.  "And I appreciate that," he told the soldier and looked him in the eye, then smiled, "for askin’ me."  He became serious again.  And their looks could have pulled a ship's rope taut between them.  Mills was what most people would call a beautiful man.  He had a nut brown shadow of whiskers around his face, and, while a man with black whiskers and shiny black hair might have a higher sheen of beauty, Mills' looks were understated.  Right now he was getting dressed next to his bunk in an undershirt and pants.  He was pulling on a belt, which was half on, but he had stopped for a moment, so the belt stayed only half-on while he fumbled in his wallet for the picture Penny had sent him of herself.  He was going out dancing tonight with his friends, and, truth to be told, he felt a little guilty:  "I have become a showgirl," read Penny's caption on the back of her photograph. Mills flipped it over and looked at it.  Penny was dressed in one of those gaudy peacock-plume outfits, with white stockings, an elaborate white headpiece, with giant white plumes flowing out from it, and a white cape.  Beautiful blue sequins laced the headpiece and spangled her breast.  Mills put the photograph back in his wallet.  He tucked in his shirt and tightened his belt.  He had a build like a star high school halfback, with broad shoulders and a narrow waist:  kill that big tyrannosaurus!  If an angel could be fearless, then Mills wanted to be an angel—for fear tugged at his mind like an undertow.  But it did not master him.  It pulled at him, but it did not pull him under.  (Mills worried about being pulled back into another space-time reality.) 
Oh, if you ever learn to love someone, then don't you never tell me it was not enough to love, Mills thought, a lot like his father at the moment.  Whether you ever found the one you loved or not.  Mills was sure that Penny was too good for him to be his girl—So let me see this big tyrannosaurus, he pondered:  and don't let nobody try to shut me up!  Ha ha ha—what did that mean?  OK, Mills was hotheaded, so what?  He went out of the room with his buddies.
"Hey, baby, you know these chicks in Washington are putting on the cold cream for Senators and Congressmen—how much chance you think we got up here!" Goldstein exclaimed.
"Hold onto your c-cup," Savage bantered:  "Sedgwick is gonna win the dance contest!"
"Uh huh," Goldstein drawled, then:  "Ha ha ha ha!"   They all laughed.  They were on the way to pick up Mills's cousin Barbara in Georgetown with her friend.  Anticipating them like the smell of a good perfume in spring air, Mills brooded about Penny, watching the traffic zip past like a little kid watching the bluish reflection of headlights in the Potomac when coming home from the airport late at night.  Spring air came through the cracked windows of the cab, spring air sharp with the scent of cherry blossoms from along the Tidal Basin and a rust smell from the swollen muddy river—Savage flicked on the radio.  The cab driver looked at him and smiled.

"You don't take no chance, you don't get nowhere," Savage explained.
"Ha ha ha!" Mills laughed in the back seat.  It was Washington, man, Washington!  Go!  Going over Key Bridge into Georgetown, up N Street, then down to Barbara's house.  She and her friend bounded down the steps of her parents' house to the waiting cab, and, in as gallant a fashion as possible, the giant marines leaped out to open the doors.  Go!  Go!  Go!  Down to M Street, down to Wisconsin Avenue.  "Take us to the Bayou!" Mills screamed at the cab driver.  The cab driver edged out into the flare of bumper to bumper traffic on Wisconsin Avenue.  Go!  "Barbara, oh, Barbara!" Mills exclaimed and then exploded,  "Cousin, Barbara, you are a flower, a positive flower!"  It was the best compliment he could give a girl.
"How do I love thee, let me count duh ways . . ." Goldstein erupted.
"Awwwwwww yeahhhhh!" a chorus sang out from both the front and back seats.
"We'll walk from here," Mills told the driver.  They clambered out of the cab in the midst of the dance of traffic, the glare of headlights like footlights, as if they were on stage.  "Give ’im a good tip," Mills counseled, watching Goldstein pay the cab driver. 
"Wait, I got some change," Savage joked, making as if to pull some change out of his empty pockets.  Everybody moaned.  So was it obvious?  Savage and Goldstein were friends.  That was ok, but Goldstein was worried because of the old saying, Two's company, three's a crowd.  There were only three marines.  What Goldstein wondered was, does the presence of the girls cancel the hex out?
Mills started doin a cake walk down the street and came up with his arm around Barbara's tiny waist.  Goldstein just grinned.  While waiting for a light at M Street, they turned and found Savage doing a handstand, black sneakers and black socks up in the air, with just that streak of amazingly white skin showing between his socks and his pants.  Did the shadows of the crowd of strangers from the headlights of traffic in the street drift over Mills and his friends like the shadows of the Greek underworld sought by the souls of slain soldiers?  Someone tied a safe around Mills' head and dropped it into the Potomac, well, that is the way his mood changed.  Goldstein and Savage changed, too.  They were Marines—one organism—going into unexplored territory.  Yeah, and you would believe that, too! Ah, ha ha ha ha ha ha!  Here we came into the Bayou, guests in a capital city, Washington, proud host to the President, the nation's Senators and Congressmen, and its Supreme Court Justices—drape your sable cloth upon your court howsoever you will—smile!

"When you make an investment," Batterinew expounded, "yah expect something back for it."  Having arrived late at the party, Batterinew now held court between two blonds:  "Duh reason why people don't succeed," and here he noted Goody's particular show of interest, "is because dey don't have enough brain cells, or dey got plenty of brain cells wid duh wrong kind of experience."  He paused for effect.  Then:  "Either way, dey can't succeed."  He could have spun that out into a half an hour or more of subtle reasoning, but he stopped because he saw he would have trouble describing a person to be like a business-in-a-bad-location where no one, not even the best businessman could succeed.  There were people like bad businesses.  No matter how much effort they put into succeeding, they simply didn't have the resources in themselves or in their relations with others to be in the right place at the right time, or to take advantage of it if they were.  "Huh, honey?" Batterinew prompted a blond, "How's Daddy's little baby?"
"Awweeeeee!" she squealed.  Batterinew smooched one blushing cheek.
Goody sweet-talked a brunette and hugged her, "Ain't that right, sweetie?"  The phone rang, Goody answered it, his face went pale as the paste on over-kneaded pizza dough—then he spoke up in a monotone:  "Duh shipment has been diverted to NIH in Bethesda, Maryland."  Searles went to get on the phone in the back room.  A big hunk of cigar ash cascaded off Searles's cigar over the front of his shirt and jacket onto the floor, where it came to rest like a pigeon dropping on the New York Public Library.  The girls giggled. Batterinew's blond just asked to have teeth sunk into her, teeth or a honeybee proboscis, to lick up all her nectar.  But the brunette Goody squeezed had curves like the swerves in a high speed car chase—when she moved, sirens went off—like somebody called the cops!
"The party's over!" Searles announced as if someone had just died.  He had on a beige raincoat, a tweed jacket, and a knit tie with wool slacks and black shoes:  "Scram!" he told the girls.
"Huh?" Batterinew grunted.  The girls jumped to get their things.  But Car Chase lingered with Goody.  She gave him a long look goodbye, and he watched her go out like a praying mantis who had just had his head ripped off by his mate.  She crooked one long painted finger goodbye, and then he, Drew, and Searles were left alone in the place.

A funeral parlor silence hung like a fog over a grave.
"Let's get down to Penn Station and get a train outta here," Searles advised.
"I'm wit’ you, Boss," Batterinew asserted.  Each paced around the room, but Goody sat quietly in a brown, faded armchair.
"I don't see nothin’ to get alarmed about," Goody remarked.  "So we take the stuff before it gets to NIH.  It still comes in at the airport.  Our trucks are ready, all 16 of em.  What difference does it make whether they want to take the stuff to NIH or anyplace else, we got a hundred men and 16 trucks waiting."
"You got hardening of the arteries!" Searles exploded, slapping his right fist theatrically into his left palm.  Goody took the comment impassively, bringing his fingers, not into a clasp, but just into touching each other, at rest on his lower lip.
"If they send that stuff to NIH, it means they got a whole lot of new security measures cooked up we gotta take into consideration."  Searles almost wept.
Oh, if the day my mother bore me counts for anything, oh, then, please do not let me end my days in shame—in jail or prison, Goody prayed to himself, because I did not love enough.  I could have, I can have a life I earn like any other man, by my wit and strength and courage.  Goody prayed and bowed his head in prayer like a football player in defeat at Giant Stadium. 

"If I ever find the lost world promised to me by my childhood, maybe it'll come to me like a dream, maybe it'll come to me like a kiss—I think it'll come to me like a moment's reflection equal to a thousand hours and ten-thousand minutes of ten-thousand tries to get something started—you can't hold me down—I tell you, you would have more chance of stopping a Pearl Harbor invasion than to stop me from finding the true and only source of my being.  For I have been to a land where the only true fire is from the sun, and I am burning, I am burning with the true and elemental fire of a new and welcome love—Penny—do you hear me?"
"Yes, yes," Penny replied into the phone.  What did Mills's eloquence mean?
It didn't mean nuttin’, narrated Jerry.  Mills was meat, Penny was hoof:  duh two of dem were . . . pot roast and chopped liver—what difference would it make?  You could shlop them both together and still come up with nuttin’ more than a showgirl and a Marine.  It happens all the time, I see it all the time in show business.  Substitute guy-out-of-jail for marine.  For showgirl, substitute stripper.  Try chorus girl and neurotic, actress and construction worker.  The two went together like a dancer and a gambler, like forgery and prison, like cookies and milk.
Night came on, what was left of it.  Mills and the other Marines turned in at their barracks.  They were due to be up at four a.m. to leave at six for Las Vegas.  But while the marines slept, there were some who believed that they saw glimpses of a red sky peeping through at the capital city in flashes of false dawn just above the city's dirty yellow sky:  cab drivers, night watchmen, gas station attendants, could not tell if the sky was turning red like the water in ancient Egypt or if just another apocalypse threatened Washington.  But it was more than that, for the sky became pink along the horizon so that by dawn the sky was red for real, all over.  It became red, indeed, it became red while Mills's squad of marines were on their way to Las Vegas, and they were a crack team—nothin but a crack team would be hauled all the way across the country for them to do the job they had to do.  Most of the men were tired, so most of them slept among unslung packs and rifles.  Mills hovered in a twilight area between sleep and wakefulness.
In a moment of sleep, he had a vivid dream (in color) of Penny being right next to him but not at all aware of his presence.  He could have reached out and touched her shoulder, but he didn't dare intrude on her privacy—hey, this was a dream about inhibition, a big word in the 1960s.  Everybody was inhibited then, even if you were a hippie.  A person had inhibitions he grew up with and had to get rid of, but once the 60s were over, nobody had any inhibitions anymore.  In the morning, in Haight-Ashbury, in San Francisco, in spring, to kiss a girl over a bouquet of daisies with a smile:  ok, as long as the daisies were picked from a neighbor's yard and not bought.  Of course you could get them by the grave of F. Scott Fitzgerald—if they grew there.  Which they don't.  But the symbolism would be nice:  you remember Fitzgerald's character, Daisy, from The Great Gatsby, right?  So his grave's in Rockville, Maryland, so what?  Like wow, man—far out!
It doesn't matter.  If you took me in a circle and drew me a circle, it wouldn't matter:  if you told me I had been in a circle, and showed me a circle, it wouldn't matter, I wouldn't care.  Whose thoughts were these?  A forest nymph’s?  Perhaps they were Mills's semilucid thoughts—they could have been anyone's.  Let's say they were a wood spirit's, one so often talked about by the poets, only in the mind of a man coming alive to some new life within him, kicking like a baby to be born.

"Aw, I feel like this Gilgamesh is gonna weigh me down," Hoang-Ha confided to Tien.
"Gilgamesh was a Middle-Eastern hero," Tien responded.  "I don't think it's proper for us to use his name as a name for a saurian monster."
"True," Hoang-Ha agreed.  "But Gilgamesh was out chasing gazelles the way a normal teenager is involved with dating.  He was a little weird."  
That sank in like a child's red rubber ball into mud:  flurp . . . slurt . . . zub . . . sup . . . sub-fthyt!
"I feel like I got things to do and I can't do them," Hoang-Ha protested.  He and Tien were seated on an Air Force jet bound for Las Vegas.  The news that they were to be invited on the expedition to Las Vegas had come with a phone call which Hoang-Ha had taken.  Now on the jet, he was depressed.  Although he was in a great position to advance himself with this "golden opportunity," he felt like a kid going on a vacation he didn't want to go on and with a sister he didn't get along with (OK, Tien was no sister).  He imagined the jet being shaken by explosions of flak outside the windows, with little puffs of black smoke in the air, and the crack and retort of each explosion and machine gun.  It was the way his mind played.  He knew what heavy shelling was like from Vietnam.  He vibrated with the memory of the deep percussions from a B-52 raid.  Where do you bail out? he thought.  But he was not thinking about the plane.  He was thinking about his relationship with Tien.  He imagined her saying to him, "You know, Hoang-Ha, you have not really been affectionate with me the way you once were.  What's wrong?"  He was at an impasse with Tien.  And that frustrated him.  He didn't want her to nag him about it, but he didn't want her to be silent, either.  It all built up to one South Vietnamese stew.  So he added the only ingredient that was still lacking—more manliness.  "See," he pointed across Tien's lap out the window, "there are storm clouds, but," he paused, "it's true, you can't tell if there are storm clouds below us or not."  Tien looked at him because of the way he spoke, so deliberately, about something so simple.  "You know, if there are storm clouds on a mountain, it can be so important to the way we look at a mountain, if that is what we see, when we see it."  Tien understood this, but it's the kind of thing one always replies to by saying, "No, I don't really know what you mean."  Except maybe if one is in l - o - v - e.  Then one might not really understand, and simply answer, "Yesssss."
Instead, Tien answered:  "For 87 years, I've reviled the scriptures," and Hoang-Ha knew she was quoting from a Zen poem she knew, so he smiled a little, waiting for the rest:  "I piss on Brahma!"  Well, he giggled, he laughed, because he had to hand it to Tien—she could be funny.
"You know how the shadow of a cloud passes over water?" Hoang-Ha asked, drawing serious.  "The water is happy in the sunlight.  You can see the whitecaps," and he indicated waves with a roll of his hand, with the starched white cuff on his shirt showing just below the grey of his jacket sleeve:  "on the waves."  And his hand was white and more fleshy than a poet's.  He leaned back, resting his outstretched arm on one knee.  "The water seems joyous," he sighed, "and playful," he added, as an afterthought, then went on, "But when a cloud passes over, before the sun," and here he shook his head, but a real interest awakened in Tien:  "the water becomes sinister."  It was true:  both Tien and Hoang-Ha had forgot that they were not now actually passing over a body of water, but over the flat, square, rectangularly-laid-out farmland of middle America.  The reason why Hoang-Ha's English was so literary was because he, like Tien, had learned it all from books.  He had poured over English literary masterpieces for hundreds of hours in contrast to a man who learned English from the marketplace, through mistakes and memory and asking questions.  A man like that would never say water looked sinister.  He would say, "The water, it looks no good."  To emphasize "it looks no good," the man of practical experience would simply repeat the phrase a few times and then maybe change it to, "It's-a-bad!"  Then, if he felt there were still enough interest, he would say, "It's like a thief, he want to beat you up."

21

“I don't know much, but I know I love you . . .” came over the radio.  "My head is about to lift off my body," Searles complained.
"Look out!" Goody shouted.
A tyrannosaurus became visible at the side of the road, rearing back on its hind legs and roaring at the traffic.  
"Ahhhhh!" Goody yelled, as if a sudden break among clouds had cleared around the monster in a mist.  Just as suddenly as it appeared, the monster vanished, back into the obscurity from which it had come.  "What was 'at?" Goody shouted to no one in particular.  Searles made a sharp turn on 81 South and headed for Washington.  He would be getting on 95 South eventually, but, till then, it was good to keep to the back roads for a while.  Well, wasn't it?  Not after that thing they'd just seen—"That thing was supposed to be in Vegas," Goody jabbered.
"Hey, I read about it in the papers—that thing," Batterinew joined in.  "It's movin’ around in space and time."  Here he paused, because the subject was too complex for him.  His mind got all tangled up.
"What was 'at?" Goody repeated.
Do you know what it's like to be hungry?  When you're really hungry, it's said that your instincts take over.  You will take care of yourself, you will do almost anything when you're really hungry—to eat.  A man will break a rabbit's neck as easily as pick up a package of chicken wings in a grocery store.  Goody, Drew, and Searles were hungry.  They were hungry for two billion dollars; they were hungry for 16 truckloads of anti-Daffeter serum.  So they rolled along in an untraceable rent-a-car because they decided not to take the train—too conspicuous—and to stick to their original plan, the plan honed by instinct into a razor-sharp weapon.  There were no grocery stores for two billion dollars.  OK, one would think that to get two billion dollars one would need an army with tanks and toys as intricate as a Minnox camera.  If you want to understand Goody, Drew, and Searles, just remember—they were hungry.  And they had been hungry for a long time.  Think, then, of the intensity of their hunger, not of the actual plan to relieve it.  For the actual plan is for another kind of novel.
Here is a reporter.  He wants to convey the facts, not to analyze them.  Let him tell you of the broad panorama of a night in America—whose America?—no one who you could recognize in an instant.  Shed a tear, for the thought of this incredible country could overwhelm you as it advances minute by minute toward some strange fate.  Let's put it down in headlines, just so you don't hang your head, since you're to be up and running soon like a halfback:  behold the state of Washington now as we ride in a flight of helicopters low over Key Bridge.  A gigantic monster wades the Potomac.  In the distance, alien spacecraft soar over the skyline, a ghastly red lit up by the flare of the city's lights.  Looters smash the glass of downtown windows; laughers slump gasping onto park benches and monument steps, writhing, coughing, moaning.  But those were only the fires of Washington burning.  For a 14-year-old up in his room that night, who shared a part of eternity in the amount of time a pair of "Chucks" could last, through almost 24-hour use on his feet, and for whom a girlfriend was like a fast break down a basketball court in summer league, the spectacle of a sky turned red could only mean that there was almost nothing new in suburbia.  Dig, it only brought a grin to the face of almost every teenager.  No doubt, real fighting took place over the city.  Yeah, TV commentators jabbered about the state of emergency—troops were being called out.  The city was declared under state of siege.  OK, cool it!
No one suspected that a pharaoh's curse could be the root and source of all this calamity.  But, then, any kid might have told you that.  Searles's men heisted the serum from government authorities at NIH onto all 16 waiting trucks from Laurel on Route 1.  Shelton got the message off the truck—a goofy poster advertising “Jerry Dangerfield Live from Las Vegas” told him only one thing—go straight to Las Vegas, do not go through New York.  No sweat.  Everything was packed, stowed, and locked on the trucks.  It was just gonna take about 2 days to get there.  Anyway, it seemed distances had changed, for the trucks kept making leaps in distances that baffled the drivers.  They were travelling across enormous distances through hyperspace and didn't realize it.  And, well, what they didn't realize, wouldn't hurt them.  For, as they made their way across the country, they were making a circle, or, rather, say an open spiral.  Only the people of Washington and Las Vegas were aware that the two cities were by some strange metamorphosis becoming one.  Las Vegas became rearranged on the Washington landscape, so that two casinos normally next door to each other in Vegas were no way near to each other now in Washington—the Sands Hotel ended up on the Monument grounds by the Washington Monument.  Caesar's Palace fronted on the Lincoln Memorial, and various other hotels faded in like fog on Capitol Hill, near Union Station, next door to the Hilton!  A weird, mystical meeting of worlds took place, drifting in on a mist of fog as thick a fog that ever groped a woman at Ocean City.   
The city became reminiscent of London during Shakespeare's time.  A glittering array of casinos spilled like a stack of gambling chips around the grim gigantic buildings down by the National Theater.  A neighborhood of bawdy houses sprang up near the Kennedy Center, nestled all around Watergate.  The city began to look like a cartoon caricature of itself, like something out of The Jetsons.  With monuments, casinos, and bawdy houses tipping this way and that in a flash of lights and gray, now gaudy, stone. 
"Can you understand me when I tell you Las Vegas became displaced to Washington?" Goody narrated from a jail cell.  "The entire cities spatially merged!"  He paused a second.  "Don't ask me how it happened."  He paused again:  "Oh, they got us, they got us, all right, but they didn't get duh serum—Pharaoh got dat."  Goody paced around his cell:  "All of it."  Goody came up and held the bars of his cell.  "Of course, he paid us for it.  But . . ."  Goody looked off, askance—and then closed his eyes—the thought really made him weary:  "We didn't make anything like we planned to make."  Goody became very still, then went on:  "We made 60 million.  I made three million, well, no, not really, not after expenses were figured in.  I made about 200 thousand—ohhhhhh!  Oh, man, the whole subject weighs me down so bad, I can hardly hold my head up."  He shook his head to shake himself out of the trance.
"OK, Goody," a policeman interrupted.  "You can go home.  Your friend, Searles, is here."  He paused.  "With Mr. Batterinew."  He swung the cell door open.
"There wasn't nothing I could do," Goody attempted to explain quickly to Searles.  "He hit me first!"  A joke.  He turned his face and rolled his eyes upward, "He hit me so hard in Vegas, I landed in Washington!"
"Yeah yeah yeah," Searles mumbled.  Searles and Batterinew had faces like just-changed hotel-room sheets.   Were they really there because they cared about Goody?  
Well, it was the end of the world.  What were you supposed to do at the end of the world, anyway?  In the Catholic view, nothing.  God would take care of everything.  The saved would be separated from the damned.  Then there would be levels of salvation—some would go to Purgatory, some would go to Heaven.  What about the Jews?  What did they believe about the end of the world?  What did the Talmud have to say about it?  What did Maimonides say?  Emanuel Swedenborg, a crackpot psychic from Shakespeare's time, claimed to have actually visited heaven.  Heaven was a series of circles which radiated outward from God.  The most blest souls were in the innermost circles.  The damned were in outer darkness.

Mills was in Las Vegas now, that is to say, Washington, in full battle gear.  For all he knew, war would be declared by a hostile alien force.  But that was not why he was there.  He was there to kill a monster, not to destroy an alien force.  It was confusing, but it made no difference to him whether he was in Washington or Las Vegas—he was in Las Vegas, he just had to overlook the fact that he was also on Capitol Hill.  He had to ignore that, because it made no sense for two cities to become one.  But . . . but—he laughed with frustration—it had happened!  He knew how, he had a pretty good idea.  It was more of those shifts in space and time.  "All right, marines!" he called out.  "Let's move it!  Move it!"  His platoon was up and running, down the Capitol steps, with their uniforms flapping and guns clanking fiercely, down the steps and over the grass to the reflecting pool overlooked by Sherman's statue.
"What the . . ." one of the men stuttered.  Down the broad avenue of the mall, between the huge museum buildings on either side and moving like a mountain against the bright illumination of the Washington Monument, the hulk of something grotesque and mean flashed against the horizon.  It had that unreal sheen to it that flashy uniforms have in a high school football night game.  None of the men could make it out.  At this distance, it looked like King Kong.
"Radio contact!" Mills yelled out.
"This is Sebago.  Come in Command Force," the radio man signaled.
"We have the thing surrounded," Mills heard from the radio.  "But all the men are not in position yet.  Where are you?  Over."
"We're due east of the monster, over."
CARROOOMMM!  A flight of three big helicopters flew low overhead.
"Go ahead up the mall, then," the CO radioed in.
"Will do, over," Mills replied.  "Hey, you men!" Mills called out.  "Form a line, we're going up the mall," and he indicated between the great big museums on either side.  At the end of the mall, by the monument, the great white flickering lights of the Sands Casino flashed like a gaudy billboard over Times Square.
"Sebago!"  A voice came over the radio.
"Yes, sir, over," Mills answered.
"I want you to sweep up the mall and hold it.  Don't go up on the monument grounds.  Don't chase that thing—if it comes toward you, shoot to kill, but hold the mall, over."
"Yes, sir," Mills answered.  He couldn't help but wonder about the vacillation in the orders.  He was thinking mainly about Penny.  But the vacillation in the orders had disturbed him.  Those were the kind of orders that used to be given in Vietnam:  weren't they?  When chance says go, Mills thought, I'm goin’.
Suddenly, he realized he was in charge:  "Let's go!" he screamed, "Move it, move it!"  Somebody should have had a pair of dice, because as when a big shot at a gambling table is surrounded by rich men in suits and pretty women in low-cut dresses, there were reputations to be made.  Lives could be changed.  And that thing that came up over the horizon at them now, completely out of step with their step, what was it?  Mills did not have time to scream, "Shoot to kill!"  Instead, he managed, "Fire!"   And the marines poured bullets into it.  It's mouth was red, but the mouth was more like an insect's than a primate's.  The thing had five eyes, and it was hairy, with orange hair like an orangutan’s.  It wanted to make a refuge for itself out of the mall.  Mills heaved a grenade into its face, calling for the men to fall back.  As they began to retreat a little, the animal suddenly fell forward, rupturing at the nose and mouth, and slumped into a heap onto the grass.  The whole platoon of marines busted caps into the animal's head for a full minute-and-a-half.  Which meant that they emptied the remainder of their ammunition into the animal's head, and then Mills strode forward, saying, "Don't you never let nobody tell you death never came for you in a place like this," and he cut a lock of the animal's hair off his head with his knife, holding it up with his fist—"not because you had the right to live—because you already had that right—but because you learned tonight what it means to earn that right!"  
Mills got back on the radio to his CO:  "Mission accomplished," he radioed.  "The alien is dead."
"OK, take a break," came the reply.  "We'll pick you up in a couple of minutes."  It was as if his lieutenant had had much more to say.  Washington had become pretty as a stage set.  Now that Mills was supposed to be in Las Vegas, however, he wanted to give Penny a call, because he was worried about her.  There were some public telephones near the base of the Washington Monument, so he asked his men to wait for him and he dashed over to make a call.  Take a break—yeah! he thought, keeping an eye out for the chopper on the way to pick him up.
"Hello?" he jabbered, getting through to Penny in her apartment right away.
"Sedgwick?"  She recognized his voice but still asked if it was him, some redundancy of habit she'd picked up in acting school.
"I can't talk to you right now," he almost shouted, for he heard the chopper coming.  "It sounds nuts, but . . ." he smiled, "while I'm here in Washington, I'd like to see you!"  
"What are you doing now?" she asked, as if ready to see him right now.
"Ha ha," he chuckled:  "I'm about to get on a helicopter.”  The chopper, its landing lights on, began to descend.  
Penny broke the silence:  "Meet me out front of the pyramid at Dupont Circle, that great big pyramid there, at 10 o'clock, ok?"
"Roger, wilco, and out!" Mills replied.
"OK," she answered.
"Gotta go"—Mills had that far-off sound in his voice that meant too-much-going-on (with a corresponding loss of attention).  He ran from the phone, leaving it dangling off the hook, and it swung back and forth like a fish dangling off a pole slung over the shoulder of an old fisherman.

22

The pyramid sat on Dupont Circle, having displaced the park and blocking traffic on all four sides (Connecticut Avenue still ran under the circle, but Massachusetts Avenue was blocked).  At rest on the circle, the pyramid looked ominous, like something—weird!—that looked almost like it should be there: woh!—it was like an anti-Vietnam War demonstration before anti-Vietnam War demonstrations became popular, when anti-Vietnam War demonstrations had emotion to them, when they were like a little war in themselves.  Well, demonstrations against the war in Vietnam never really became what you would call popular.  Ha!  People in them were never really safe from a crack on the head by a policeman's club—people in them were never really safe from being incited by the police into being arrested.  And this was true, for the most part, all the way up through the last demonstrations against the war.  In all the mayhem, Dupont Circle meant flower power, it meant black lights, fluorescent posters of endless valleys in red, gold, and orange, high-ceilinged rooms with wood floors, blue jeans, marijuana, tie-dyed T-shirts with no bra, bare feet, sandals, and LSD.  It meant that bits of torn Styrofoam cups, wicker-metal trash cans filled with paper cups and coke bottles, and a red bandanna that had slipped from a blond girl's hair, were certain signs that a crowd had just departed—how long ago, it was hard to tell—just as sure as the sight of glowing embers meant the departure of an army.  Now in the heart of the pyramid, Jerry worked on the revival of his chosen bride, his beloved Tessa.  Now after 36 hours of mumbling incantations and pouring lineaments, he heard his beloved's heart begin to beat.  
And Jerry put his head to Tessa's breast like a little boy putting his head to his mother's stomach to perceive the kick of a coming child.  And?  And?  Boom boom!  
Some would say Dupont Circle had never been the same since the 1960s.  It was not exactly Haight-Ashbury, but then maybe it never wanted to be.  During the 1960s, Dupont Circle was a meeting place that protected a spirit.  Somehow some of that spirit came alive now in Tessa, the near extinguished spirit of an era.  As she rose slowly from the sarcophagus before Jerry's eyes, in that instant of recognition Tessa knew to be true love, Jerry recognized immediately that she was not just a beauty he could worship, she was a beauty he could love.
Because:  "Burn it up, baby!" Tessa squealed.
"Yeah!" Jerry caterwauled.  With an assist by Jerry, Tessa stepped from the sarcophagus, just barely covered by her wrappings.
"Like I could make wid a set a t'reads, huh?"
"Wow!" Jerry shouted.
"Yeah, far out," she demurred.  "It's like I'm walkin around in my father's underwear."  Jerry did a double-take, adding a goofy grin and just stared.  "Be a champ, be my guy—just don't be my hairdresser—get me somethin’ to put on."
Jerry had just the thing—something he'd bought in Georgetown.  It was perfect for a flower child—a white Egyptian dress with flower embroidery around the neck and a slit up the side.  Jerry handed it to her.  "Like wow!" Jerry remarked.
"Oh, how you blow my mind!" she responded.
"Jerry," Jerry introduced himself.
She heard and, laughing, blabbed, "You freak me out!"  That meant she liked him, right?  
"Wow!" Jerry gasped.    
"Oh, when will you ever learn to get more in touch with your feelings and talk to me in more than just a one-word vocabulary on important things?"  Typical 60s put-down, ho hum.  So it had happened.  The spirit of Dupont Circle had come alive because a pyramid had landed on it.  Then the spark for a reincarnation had come somehow from something still living.  Dupont Circle was not dead—it lived—what was beautiful once could be beautiful again.  And what was drab, monotonous and ugly would never stop being that.  It seemed the beautiful had to come from something ugly.  If that meant that the crystalline spirit of an eighteen-year-old-girl had to come alive from the knowledge that a war not-quite-right was going on, then maybe what was beautiful about Tessa's spirit had to be born from the mean and empty years that started with a thing such as Watergate.  But all this explanation only obscured the beauty of a person like Tessa.  What really made her beautiful was that she was at all.
"I just wish somebody was here to see what I've done tonight!" Jerry exploded in a childlike voice.  Tessa went and got in the shower.  But Jerry felt like shouting, so he did shout, "Then all the woods will answer and their echo ring!"  
"What was that?" asked Tessa.
"It was from one of the most beautiful marriage poems ever written—by Edmund Spenser."
"It's beautiful," Tessa agreed.
"It's beautiful, you're beautiful, what's to worry!" Jerry shouted.  
"Tessa?" Jerry asked somewhat timidly.
"Yes," her full womanly voice answered.
"Tessa, will you marry me?"
There was a pause.  Then:  "Yes!"  The reply had absolute conviction, like she had had centuries to think about it.  "Because I dig you, Jerry," she explained, "not because I've been reborn."  Coming out of the shower, she flung on her Cleopatra dress—"Because I dig you, Jerry," and she hugged him around the neck and drew lyrical:  "Because I knew how much you wanted me, and I heard you cry out, and I came."  She looked up into his eyes.
"Ahhhhhh, awwwwww, nuh, nawwwwww!" Jerry gasped.
She pulled on an ear lobe, one arm folded across her abdomen, the other elbow supported on one hand:  she winced:  "Also," she admitted, "because I was bored!"
"Hah yah yah yah yah yahhhhhh!"
"Jerry, com'ere!"  She crooked a finger at him.  He brought his face down close to hers, and she kissed him.  They drew apart and she smiled and nodded and he nodded—yes! 
"I don't wanna lose no time," Jerry jabbered.  "Let's get the Pharaoh and tie the knot."
"You mean, let's rush into it and forget about all the consequences?"   
"Don't ask no questions—c'mon!"  He pulled her by the hand down an empty corridor and then into a room glittering with gold and jewels.  A single shaft of light penetrated the gloom.
"Jerry!" came the disembodied voice.  "How dare you penetrate my chamber."  Jerry looked up like a scared animal, but then he answered bravely, "I've come with my bride to be wed."
"As in ancient days?" Pharaoh inquired.  Jerry nodded.  Then:  "By the waters of the Nile, by the autumn harvest of the wheat, by the children of Osiris and the gods of earth and sky, like a pyramid whose tip points at the stars, go forth with each other, from this day forth, man and wife, and learn to love each other, through each successive life."  Jerry and Tessa looked at each other.
"By this marriage," Pharaoh concluded, "I now release you from your curse."
"We are free to leave the pyramid whenever we like?"  It was a rhetorical question:  Jerry beamed at Tessa.  "Don't you see, Tessa?"  Jerry turned to her, a tear streamed down Tessa's cheek.  And a matching tear streamed down Jerry's.  "Five thousand years I've been awake and you've been asleep.  But we were both destined to form the night and daytime part of one person."
That seemed to make sense, but Tessa asked, "You mean, like night and day, we're different—separate but integral—and yet we can still come together like a single person?"
"And still be independent," Jerry concluded in his most impressive nine-year-old's voice.  Imagine a field of quail being startled up into the air by a hunter because that is what it was like for Jerry to take Tessa's hand and start with her from the room:  "We gotta get outta here and fast," Jerry jabbered, "Or," he looked up as if at the sky, "we're goin up with this pyramid for another five-thousand years, and I ain't kiddin’."
"Bad vibes in this creepy joint," Tessa testified and added, "and it looks like no maid service."  She and Jerry ran together down the twisted dimly lighted hallways and then like two football players emerging into a crowded stadium, emerged into the electric streetlights of a completely deserted Dupont Circle.  Once outside, though, Jerry realized that he had forgot a few things—like bags and money—and so, with some hesitation, he and Tessa turned and ran back in to Jerry's room. 

John dreamed:
The prehistoric monsters which had plagued the city were now gone.  Trina and he had got the news from the TV in their room at the Sands.  Outside the window of their room, the base of the Washington Monument had disappeared:  whoah!  The two cities, Washington and Las Vegas had slipped apart like a great big boat slipping from a harbor or an enormous train uncoupling.
"Hey!" John called Trina to the window, "Look'a this."  She looked out the window to see a side street of Las Vegas.  John dreamed on:  the base of the Washington Monument was gone and at the same time, the sky was blue again, as if someone had sucked the red out with a great big vacuum cleaner.  Trina did not miss Zopotron, she did not miss the red sky or the people in their underground cities.  Then she and John held each other on the bed, each of them fully dressed and ready to go out.  You know we could probably cheat at cards while we're here, John thought, and Trina smiled.
No, that is not possible, Trina answered, but added:  Even if we could do it, we wouldn't want to.
I'm sure glad Ray and Sharon came along.
Uh hum, Trina murmured.
Let's go and see if they're up, John suggested
OK, Trina responded.  She and John gave each other a little kiss and jumped up off the bed.  But then, the truth was, the sky had not changed to blue again, nor was the base of the Washington Monument gone from the view John and Trina had out their window.  The sky was still red, and the Zopotrons presumably were still afoot, coming across the opening from one reality to another.  John woke up with the feeling that he was in a lot of trouble.  The feeling weighed down on him.  Trina was up watching television.  He had slept in his clothes for about an hour.  It was around 9:40 p.m.  Hey, Trina, he called out in his mind for Trina's attention.  Turn the sound up, will yah?
"A large shipment of anti-Daffeter serum . . ." John heard from a news broadcast on TV " . . . disappeared today . . ."  He could not keep his mind on the broadcast.  For he was already contacting Trina by telepathy.  Yah know that great big pyramid?
Yeah—oh, hi, John, how are you? Trina answered, turning her head toward him and giving a playful flip of her pony tail.
Yeah, I want to go and take a look at it.  He paused.  The guy at the desk told me where we could find it.  Another pause:  It's not that far from here.
What do you think you'll find there? Trina inquired.
Probably nothing, John answered.  It's just that when we were coming out of that Zopotron world, I saw it from a distance like some kind of beacon light."  He knew about the Zopotron world because Trina had told him all about it.  I have to satisfy my curiosity.
Yeah, I want to go and take a look at it, too, she agreed, and then, turning motherly, cautioned, I suppose it's all right, as long as they say it's safe to go out.  She deliberated:  We don't have to stay in here.
Let's go! John exclaimed.  We'll just take a walk.  I just wanna see it if we can.
OK, Trina consented.
It was nothing less than crackpot to go out, John decided suddenly.  He changed his mind:  Trina?  He laughed a little under his breath, never mind the pyramid.  She looked up at him.  Then:  I wasn't really serious.  He paused for thought, her expression softened:  It's too dangerous to go out, it really is.  He continued:  You know as well as I do that they haven't said it was safe to go out yet.
No, Trina disagreed.  While you were asleep, they flashed a message on the television that it was safe to go out now.  John dropped his hands to his sides from where they had been folded, palms facing up, in front of him.  But just for important things, Trina added.  They looked at each other conspiratorially.  "Let's go!" she signed, index fingers pointing toward the door.
John pointed toward himself, crossed his fists on his chest, and then pointed toward her with his right index finger:  "I love you."
Outside were Red Cross trucks administering anti-Daffeter serum to long lines of hysterical victims of Laughter Disease.  Connecticut Avenue looked like a red light district in Saigon—some kind of carnival—with casinos thrown together with clothing and jewelry stores—and huge casino lights rolling through convolutions of arcs and loops just like in Las Vegas.  Up the street, the pyramid towered like a mute giant.  The sidewalks were like beanstalks running up to it.  We've got to go by our sixth sense, right? John asked Trina.  After all, we're on vacation, he joked.
Trina rolled her head from left to right, looking up at the sky, then answered:  That's right!
When they arrived at the pyramid, they found its entrance deserted as a tomb.  Each of them perhaps expected a chariot to come roaring out at them.  Nothing came out, though, and they cautiously approached the doors.  John pulled one open.  It gave way, and he and Trina went in.  It was dark inside, not completely dark, but like a house lit by 40-watt bulbs.  You know how spring has that overpowering sensation that comes with it of overpowering winter, how it can make a person feel like he or she has the strength to burst through any barrier?  A wild, headstrong feeling swept over John and Trina.  A bus load of old people on a guided tour got off in front of the pyramid and followed them into it.  The tour bus driver had mistaken the actual pyramid on Dupont Circle for the casino named "The Pyramid."  So he let all the old people on the tour out in front of it.  Meanwhile, Goody, Searles, and Batterinew arrived to finalize their transactions with Pharaoh.  They went in the pyramid behind the old people.  Then Tien, Hoang-Ha, and the General stopped in a jeep in front of the pyramid to examine a map.  As they were sitting there, the sky opened up, and a huge Godzilla monster thundered up Connecticut Avenue directly at them.
"YAHRRRRRRRHHHHH!" it screamed.
"In there!" the General shouted, seeing the open door to the pyramid:  "Take cover!"  They ducked into the pyramid.

"Psssst!" an old man whispered:  "Hey, buddy!"
Mills thought he heard something, but went on worrying.  Where was Penny?  It was two minutes past 10 o'clock, and she had told him to meet her there.  Then he heard the pestering call again, "Hey, psssst, young man."  He turned and looked back into the shadows.  "Are you looking for Penny Croak?"
"Yeah," he shot back.
"She's in here," the old man revealed.  "C'mon in."
Mills looked down toward the sidewalk to his left, shrugged, then started to his right.  Crossing down to the door, he plunged into the shadows and went in.

23

I arrived at the pyramid around ten.  There was not much happening.  A green hologram of a tyrannosaurus flickered up in the night sky like lightning.  Ever since it was determined it was not real, it attracted no more attention than an occasional group of onlookers.  Things were so mixed up, I didn't know whether to look for Penny Croak or simply let her grandfather find her.  Old man Croak believed she was in the pyramid, and I saw no reason to doubt him.  I saw no reason to believe him.  So we agreed to meet and have a look around together.  The idea was to talk to somebody.  I had scouted around a bit.  It seems that the pyramid housed a bunch of eccentrics who were somehow involved in the big serum robbery which had occurred at NIH in Bethesda, Maryland.  Knowing that was enough to buy myself a place in the city morgue, I thought, because that is all I knew about it.  I saw old man Croak coming toward me down the sidewalk.  It's like that eye in the top of the pyramid on the one dollar bill, under which is written, Novus ordo seclorum.  Above the eye is, Annuit coeptis.  All I could figure out, after staring at the bill for a minute, was—I didn't know much Latin.
"Hi, Terry," old man Croak greeted me.  "It's a heck of a night for an old man like me to be out lookin for a granddaughter."  I shoved the dollar bill into my pocket, then went on listening:  "But, as you know, ever her since her parents passed away, she's been my responsibility."  I had heard that line of Croak's so many times I could have recited it with him—understand me, I in no way meant to mock Croak.  I only say I had gotten to know him.  And what I knew, I could fit on the end of a pin.  He had money enough to pay my expenses, and, on principle, I could agree, that Penny was no girl to be kicking her heels up in a burlesque show.  But whatever differences she and old man Croak might have to settle after that, they were on their own.

Gallagher and Croak exchanged a half-meaningful look, then headed down to the entrance to the pyramid together.  When they got inside, it was quiet.  But shouldering bags, wearing zany straw hats, and carrying satchels, Jerry and Tessa came by, followed by Mona—"Watch it! Uh! Ah! Oh—excuse me!"  Conversing in low, pleasant tones, Tien, Hoang-Ha, and the General followed.  "Hi," the General nodded toward Croak.
Old man Croak answered, "Uh uh—if he's a General, I wanna be a private in the Maine Volunteers."  Then he groaned and turned and headed down another hallway, with Gallagher following:  "C'mon!" Croak exhorted his comrade.
The old people filed past now.  "What is this?" Croak thought out loud—"Hi, honey!"  He winked at an old lady, then mumbled, "Hey, you're old, all right, but when I look at you, I forget which glass I left my false teeth in."  All the old people filed past.  "Hey, what's goin on here?" Croak wondered.
"We're with Echo Tours," one sweet old lady explained.
"Yes," her companion nodded.
"Have yah seen Penny Croak?" Bob asked.
"No, no," the two old ladies murmured.
"She's got reddish brown hair, stands around five-feet-five . . ."  Both ladies silently shook their head.  "Cute as a piece of limburger cheese on a slice of baked green squash?"
"No," the first old lady reiterated.  "No," she repeated again.
"Yes, yes?" Croak stammered, unwilling to believe her.
"Thank you, ladies," Terry interrupted.  "We'll find her."
"We'll find her?" Croak responded.  "Between you and . . ."  Penny approached suddenly, followed by Mills.  "Penny!" Croak exclaimed.
"Sedgy!" Tony called out from behind Gallagher and Croak.
"Excuse me," Jerry cajoled two old people, "Oooh," he pardoned himself, going by Croak, "Ahh!" he swung by a large Egyptian servant with a basket on his head.  The halls were as crowded as a Cairo flea market.
"In 30 centuries," Jerry called out to Tessa, "I've accumulated more junk":  he paused, bending over to pick more things up, "than your average bachelor in Boise."
"I know that, Dad, so get the potatoes outta your head," she frowned at Jerry's junk:  "You need this junk?"  And here she frowned at something that caught her interest.  "Like you need this plumber's tool?"
"My astrolabe!"  Jerry lunged for it and held it with her.  "Mona and I each got one once at Spring flood time, but," he explained, "you and me, we've got each other, and that's all we need."  They drew together over the astrolabe, each holding it, and, while Jerry continued talking, they kissed, pressing lips to moving lips, "We've got each other, and that's all that matters"—they kissed—"so what does it matter"—he saw a stern, mean-looking servant standing at the door, with arms folded on his chest like "Mr. Clean!"—"What does it matter if there's a guy in the door that, uh, wait a minute—hey!—hey!"  He drew his lips apart from Tessa's.  She was pretty much out of breath from the kiss.  "You could only mean one thing," Jerry thought aloud, speaking about the servant.  "Forget the junk!" Jerry shouted.  The servant started towards him.  Jerry reached up and touched him on the forehead with his palm. "If we stay here more'n five minutes, we're gonna be booked on a 500-year honeymoon!"
The servant had entered the room to secure Jerry in his sarcophagus for the next trip up in the pyramid.  At the touch of Jerry's palm, he immediately walked to the middle of the room, climbed up into Jerry's sarcophagus and lay down in it.  Jerry grabbed the lid and slid it over, shuddering as he fitted it into place.  "You can tell your story to your great grandchildren," Jerry commented.  "Let's get outta here!" he exclaimed to Tessa, taking her by the hand.  John and Trina were just on their way out ahead of them.
Meanwhile, Penny, Mills, Croak, and Detective Gallagher were on their way out.  We found Penny Croak, Terry narrated.  Or, rather, she found us—a rather simple, open and shut case.  Penny agreed to go home with old man Croak, back to Washington state.  Mills had to go back to the Marines.  And they could carry on a steamy correspondence.  I had bills to pay—office rent and so on, I had enough to keep me busy, enough to keep me kicking around under the title, Philip Marlowe, Jr., Investigations.

As Jerry and Tessa reached the front door of the pyramid, Pharaoh called out to them from behind.  Streetlight poured in from Dupont Circle.  Jerry and Tessa turned to look back:  standing in the middle of the hall with his hands upon his hips was Pharaoh, a blond-haired, curly-headed boy of twelve in white tights, with a skinny, bare chest, and dark, faun-big eyes.  
"Looks like Pharaoh's come back as Adonis for the next trip around," Jerry observed.  "Let's go."  He and Tessa turned their backs on the boy Pharaoh and went out into the night spring air.  Outside, John and Trina headed back to their hotel with a terra cotta mask given to them by Pharaoh.  Tony walked off with Mills, Penny, and old man Croak.  Jerry and Tessa piled into their rented truck.  Mona got in a cab and headed for Alexandria.  Tien, Hoang-Ha, and the General started toward the Hilton Hotel.
Trina swung her right and left palms up into the air like playing patty cake, which meant, "Great!"  Then she formed two W's at her waist and pushed them outward, meaning, "the way;" she swung her right index finger from her right to her left shoulder:  "we;" she formed two fists and bounced them down a little at the wrist:  "can;" she drew a picture of a mask in the air in front of her face, then swung the letter K formed by her right hand in a circle up on top of the letter K formed by her left hand:  "keep;" she fingerspelled, "P - h - a - r - a - o - h," then patted her chin with her right index finger—"said."  (Great, the way we can keep the mask, Pharaoh said!)
John made the sign for "yes," by shaking his fist, upside down from the way a hearing person shakes his fist in anger.

A Bob Hope's Ending

Jerry leaned across the seat of the rented truck and kissed Tessa.
John embraced Trina and kissed her.
Hoang-Ha reached out and pulled Tien toward him like a dancer and kissed her.
Walking down the sidewalk in a group, Mills reached out with his right hand and swirled Penny toward him and kissed her.
 
Suddenly, hundreds of Egyptian slaves came pouring out of the pyramid, raising up an "Ahhhhhhhhhh!" like an army going into battle in the ancient world.  One came running at Mills, and Mills threw his right fist out like a tree branch and clubbed him down.  Jerry grabbed one by the neck and bounced his head off the truck door like a grapefruit.  The human wave of Egyptian zombies poured down Connecticut Avenue, crashing into the Hilton Hotel where Hoang-Ha flipped one across a table like he was spreading a table cloth, and the slave slid the length of the table and crashed into the waiter's stand, overturning a cart of dishes.  He slugged another in the temple and popped another on the jaw like breaking open a tray of ice cubes.  The human wave which fanned out in all directions from the pyramid overtook John and Trina, and John feigned to give in, but then he wheeled and attempted to take on fifteen at once.  John and Trina, Jerry and Tessa, Mills and Penny, Hoang-Ha and Tien, Tony, the General, Detective Gallagher, and old man Croak, and even Mona, were now in the hands of Pharaoh.
The slaves were the slaves who had built Pharaoh's pyramid, only they were not real—they were mental projections of the Pharaoh's.  They were not quite zombies, for zombies were the dead awakened by a spirit.  These were living beings, these slaves of Pharaoh, but only so long as Pharaoh had the strength to will them into existence.  They had no other life apart from him.  They were chthonic creatures, similar to vampires.  So many came out of the pyramid that all of them could not fit back in.  So they looked something like a huge crowd of Hare Krishna's gathered at Dupont Circle.  
During the night, the creatures erected a scaffold outside the pyramid and laid thirteen coffins on it, one next to another.  Next morning, Snapshot, who had been doing some reconnaissance work around the city, flew over the Dupont Circle crowd, trailing the shadow of his Blackhawk helicopter over it like a dragon fly over bulrushes in a pond.  He was sure he saw coffins, but he couldn't believe what he saw.  So, like a man who weighed 150 pounds but had the heart of a man who weighed 250, Snapshot pulled his chopper around and went back for a second look.  Some type of ceremony, he decided.  Some type of demonstration . . . by a bunch of Egyptian slaves?  Snapshot held his position above the pyramid.  "You got anything on a pyramid, bunch a Egyptians, and some coffins on Dupont Circle?" Snapshot radioed.  He got no response.  "Hello?" he inquired—"Criminee!  The radio went dead!"  He fiddled with his headset.  He had some men in the chopper he had to drop for a patrol over in Foggy Bottom by George Washington University.  After he dropped them, he wanted to fly over the Las Vegas bawdy houses down by the Kennedy Center.  Then he would come back for another look at Dupont Circle.

Meanwhile, Mills was down as "Missing."  To be truthful, he did not really know where he was himself.  He did not know Washington at all.  He did not know Las Vegas.  All he did know was that he was a prisoner.  OK, that bothered him.  He did not want to make comparisons, but he felt like he could have been a POW in Vietnam.  There was that same feeling that the Geneva Conventions might not be respected.
"Whaddayah make a that?" old man Croak confided to anyone who would listen.  "A pharaoh from Ancient Egypt wants to take me to the next world with him."
"Yeah," Mills grunted.
"Hope it's a better world than this one ever was," Croak stammered, voicing the cliché of prisoners on death row.
"Yeah," Mills grunted.  The whole group of characters sat on the floor together around an empty room with an empty sarcophagus in the middle.
"Is that all you ever say is, Yeah?" Croak demanded.
"Yeah," came back the reply.
"Yeah?" Croak answered.
Looking up from the floor, Mills grunted, "No."
"My gosh, Penny, he's made the step up from Neanderthal to Cro-Magnon," Croak observed.
"Do you think it'll help if I tell you we'll escape," Mills offered.
"Show me and we'll talk about it after," Croak shuddered.
Mills got up and looked out the window.  It was just an opening in the rock at such an angle that Mills could hardly see the ground unless he got up close, and even then, it was difficult.  Then Pharaoh came in with an entourage of servants which included Batterinew, Goody, and Searles, all dressed in flowing white robes with purple-embroidered trim.  "Are you all prepared to go with me to the next world?" called out Pharaoh in his nine-year-old voice.  He turned and took a stack of robes from a servant's hands, then laid them on the sarcophagus.  "Put on these robes as you put on your new selfhood."  Then he turned, and his servants separated, men from women, to let the women go in another room and dress.
"I need that guy like I need a new tune-up and wheel alignment on my car," old man Croak complained.
"Grandpa, this is not the time to be thinking of your car," Penny remonstrated, examining her robe, then going off with the other women to put it on.
"That's what I always say," Grandpa answered, then he called out after her, "But then they tell me I need a lube job, too."  It was as if Croak had had much more to say, all of which got stifled by Penny's exit.  Croak started putting on his robe with the rest of the men, taking off his other clothes first.  "I hope it's not winter where we're goin," Croak commented.  "I didn't bring any long johns!"
The women having been brought back in the room, a servant led both men and women in single file out of the pyramid and onto a scaffold with thirteen newly sawed and nailed coffins on it.  Having hurried back from Foggy Bottom and skipped the Kennedy Center, overhead now, Snapshot watched.  Each person, dressed in white, came to rest behind a coffin.  "There's a weird demonstration goin on at Dupont Circle, do you read me?" Snapshot radioed.
"We read you," and then there was some static:  "Tell us about it."  
Snapshot watched, then answered:  "There's some people being put in coffins on Dupont Circle—I don't believe it!"  He took a moment to observe a little more, "The first couple of people all seemed to get closed up in a coffin willingly.  But one woman appears to be being forcefully put into hers.  The others are waving to me and, it looks like, calling out for help."

Mills slugged an Egyptian full in the face like someone overturning a huge plastic bowl of candies in a grocery store, and the Egyptian went staggering back with that stupid look on his face that a guy gets when a girl rejects him and he tries to smile through his tears—the zombie pedaled backwards, flailing the air with his arms like a punk rock singer—Hoang-Ha slugged a big, mean-looking Egyptian, and John grabbed him and flipped him from the scaffold like a sixteen-year-old flinging a bag of groceries into the back seat of a station wagon.  Then Hoang-Ha belted one so hard in the chest, the Egyptian's lungs collapsed, and he sucked in air like the sound an air hose makes in a gas station and then fainted, like a small tree going down in a storm, for he made no sound when he hit—others caught him and dragged him back.  
Zombie-like, the Egyptians came on.  Detective Gallagher punched one in the head so many times it was like a basketball player dribbling around an opponent on a fast break.  Then he punched him from the scaffold like a Mafia soldier stuffing a corpse into a South Bronx garbage can for nonpayment of a loan.  He got two in a headlock and banged their heads together so hard, they wobbled off like two kids playing drunk:  Penny pushed one, and Tien pushed the other, into a coffin, and Trina covered each one tidily with a coffin lid.
Snapshot dropped low over the crowd.  Most of the Egyptians backed away, because they were afraid of the helicopter.  Trina let Jerry, Tessa, and old man Croak out of coffins.  Below the helicopter, three unconscious Egyptians formed a footstool for Mona and Tessa to climb up into the helicopter.  Penny gave Trina a leg up off the footstool, and then Trina pulled Penny up.  Two more Egyptians, reeling onto the footstool, added two more steps to its height.  And old man Croak, steadied by Gallagher, kneeled on them, then stood on them.  But it didn't look as if he would make it into the chopper.  Gallagher heaved Croak by the legs, Snapshot dipped a little in the chopper, and Penny and Tien pulled Croak aboard into the arms of Mona and Tessa.  He went up just like a little angel.
With incantations on his lips, Tony stood among the Egyptians, untouched—a holy man—with both hands held out straight from the shoulder a little forward from the side, palms facing down, he bowed low before the pyramid and prayed.

This is the end of Bah Hah Yonamah,
The untold story of a strange, dark curse,
And belief that proved stronger, as it must—

Tony climbed into the helicopter.
Having been punched by Mills, then Hoang-Ha, then John in succession, a zombie reeled toward the General, who pushed him from the scaffold like a foreman directing a truck-load of cotton off a crane onto a freighter.

This is the end of Bah Hah Yonamah,
A true-to-life story that is not more
Than simple things which come 
to count so much—

The General got in the helicopter.
Through the brawl and mayhem of flying fists and reeling Egyptians, Jerry saw some wires leading to a huge public address system which was rigged up for Pharaoh's ceremony.  He looked up the side of the pyramid to the window of his old room.  He grabbed the cord and began scaling the pyramid side with it, like going up a very high staircase, squeezed in through the window, and hooked up the wires to his stereo.  He only hoped he had it right, then he set the timer and whipped out his "Who's Greatest Hits" tape, Side Two, starting with "My Wife," put it on, and squeezed back out through the window and rejoined the free-for-all on the scaffold, leaping onto a whole group of Egyptians from behind.  They fell beneath his weight like cheerleaders doing a splits and then rose up in two lines in front and behind him—three on each side.  
When the first one swung at him, he ducked, and the punch landed on the Egyptian behind him like a lumberjack's axe into a fencepost.  Then when Jerry turned and faced the next Egyptian behind him, the Egyptian swung, Jerry ducked, and the Egyptian now in front of him clubbed down the Egyptian behind him like a cow's hoof slapping down a milker into a manure-strewn concrete milk barn floor.  This went on until the last Egyptian in line swung at Jerry and missed, swung and missed, and then, finally getting the idea, made to hit Jerry with an uppercut—but Jerry put his palm on the Egyptian's forehead, and he went down like a man having a heart attack, who went face down into a bowl of Rice Krispies after screaming at his wife.

This is the end of Bah Hah Yonamah,
This is an end love made all thought stop for.

"Ooh, wow, go!  Baby!  Straight to yo mama!"
Jerry went up in the helicopter.
That left Mills, John, and Hoang-Ha on the ground, back to back, backing away from the crowd of Egyptians, who cowered under the helicopter but nonetheless edged forward, little by little.  In the distance, a fleet of helicopters throbbed toward the pyramid, making a fine dark line in the sky.  In Jerry's room, the timer set off the stereo to the voice of Roger Daltry singing "My Wife," as the great crowd of Egyptians, a crowd which overflowed Dupont Circle onto Massachusetts and Connecticut Avenues, by what strange spell can be imagined, went into a wild, mechanical twist that had Dupont Circle rocking like a blond dancer with white knee boots on a high platform under a flashing bright strobe light in 1968."Hey!" came a shout from the pyramid's entrance.  Hidden by the crowd, three white-robed men stirred toward the helicopter.  "Don't forget us!" one called out.  All three of the serum hijackers—Batterinew, Searles, and Goody—clambered aboard the helicopter.  The crowd parted, for suddenly Pharaoh stood out in their midst.
Hoang-Ha climbed up in the helicopter.
Pharaoh took on a radiance and began to glow white in an aura.
John climbed up.
Choppers zoomed and swept through the sky in figure of eights above the pyramid.  It was just Mills now standing on the ground alone, with Pharaoh just 15 feet off as if convincing him to stay.  All around, the crowd pressed forward, little by little—Hoang-Ha and John reached out, grabbed Mills, and pulled him aboard the chopper.

Well, that's the whole story of how we escaped from the pyramid, narrated Tony.  It took 5,000 years, but I don't regret it.  Especially, I don't regret the last sixty years of it, the years we spent together, Jerry and I, but I didn't really start living till I met her—Mona—you guessed it.  We dated, did the whole two-to-three-years-and-get-married bit.  But there never was any real question:  she was the girl for me.  Mills and Penny got married, Hoang-Ha and Tien tied the knot, John and Trina wedded and bedded, and Jerry, what of Jerry and his beloved Tessa—what became of them?

[Muted, silvery blast of trumpets!]

One, two, three, four (Tony counted Jerry and Tessa's children, the fourth one being a baby in Tessa's arms.  But when she turned to look up at Jerry next to her, she revealed herself to be pregnant with yet another child).

[Blast of trumpets!]

Oh, yeah, Goody, Batterinew, and Searles were sentenced to sixty-six years each in jail, but they were due to be out on parole in two.  In jail, Goody composed a clumsy little poem which would seem to be an appropriate close to his story:

If you believe that man can be
the maker of his fate
but maybe not his destiny,
it is never too late
to seek as best that which may only come
from beyond the best one can do alone.

Postscript

Jerry retired from show business.  He and Tessa moved with their little family to Bethesda, Maryland, where he got a job changing light bulbs at NIH.
Right now he was in the National Library of Medicine on the polecart, a cart like a riding lawn mower with an extension platform on it that cranked up mechanically to the height of about 15 to 20 feet.
"Oh, Jerry!" Ms. Peabody, a librarian, called out from the service desk, "Jerry!"
"Yes," Jerry sang out in a high voice, visible only from the waist down.  He was up doing his thing—changing a long fluorescent light bulb, about 20 feet up.
"Com'ere a minute, will you?" Ms. Peabody requested.
"OK!" Jerry sang out.  Without bringing the platform down, he jerked the polecart into reverse, whined down an aisle between four-foot high bookcases, around a corner, out of reverse and forward, past study desks, across the library at a rate of around three miles per hour, all from a height of about 15 feet up.
"Yes, Ms. Peabody?"
Mrs. Peabody looked up through her bifocals:  "Jerry, could you watch the desk for a minute—I'm going downstairs.  I'll be right back."
"Sure, Ms. Peabody," Jerry answered, bringing the polecart platform down.  He took up a stance behind the desk and pulled his own bifocals out of his own shirt pocket.  A doctor approached—dark suit, dark tie, white shirt:  "Excuse me, where can I find books on the anatomy of dinosaurs?"
Jerry stared.
"Especially of the tyrannosaurus," the doctor went on.  He had a young woman assistant with him who had on glasses, too.
Jerry thought for a second, then he turned and in a loud high voice stated, "Come with me!"
The doctor and his assistant looked at each other quizzically.  The assistant smiled a little at the doctor.  Jerry led them to the four-foot high bookcases in the middle of the library.  "Do we have books on the tyrannosaurus?" he told them, "Wow!  Like, do we have books on the tyrannosaurus!"  Other patrons of the library passing by started to take an interest and gathered around Jerry in a little crowd.
"Wahhhhhhh!" Jerry chortled—"Do we have—do we—on the tyrannosaurus!"  Under the dignified stare of the famous doctors in the paintings around the room on the walls, college students, researchers, and even custodians and shelvers began to join the crowd around Jerry.  Bending low, he lifted up a huge volume about one-foot thick from a lower shelf of a book case, opening it to the middle, which read, in big black letters, "The End."

***


About the Cover Artist

Raised in Seoul, Korea, Sung Kim is a naturalized U.S. citizen who came to the United States to study art.  Sung is deaf.  She received a BA in Art from Gallaudet University, the only liberal arts university in the world for deaf people.

Cover Illustration by Sung Kim

Bah Hah Yonamah, 2008, oil, 14” x 18”

About Garden Urthark

A garden is an ideal or archetype that gives the Earth (Urth) a human shape.  Garden Urthark is an enterprise that contains, as in an ark, the revolutionary process of transforming reality into a vision of human love and freedom.

Discover Other Titles by Garden Urthark

Gene Wilder’s Face - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/425168

I Will Be Your Boss - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/418980

Heaven - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/409399 

Colony - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/375722

Letter of an American Farmer to the Commissioner of Pensions, Washington, DC, June 4, 1886 - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/396937

Country Singer - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/391546

Return, Return! - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/353590

La Fortuna della Luna - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/361040

You Will Die - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/383211

The Death and Resurrection of John - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/369060

Testimony of a Former Slave as Witness to a Duel:  September 15, 1822 - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/362072

My Boy Johnny - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/356847

Extinction of the Thalls - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/310829

Washington - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/294233

The Dragons of Miami - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/278539

Other World - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/51153

Arrowheads - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/171930

The Splintered Door and the Kiss - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/219942

Psychic - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/236386

Europe ’76 - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/151823

The Weird Life of Joshua Mirabene - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/301478

Literary Flowers - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/301637

In Search of Marekka - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/313720

Connect with Garden Urthark Online

Twitter:  http://twitter.com/gardenurthark

Smashwords:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/GardenUrthark

Garden Urthark’s blog:  http://gardenurthark.wordpress.com
