Ray Dennis Does The Secret
A Simple Law of Attraction Story


Gary Troia


Copyright 2014 by Gary Troia
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be
reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any mean,
electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or any information storage system, without prior written consent from the author.




For Marina




Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30 
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36 
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Also By Gary Troia
About Gary Troia
Connect With Gary
A Note From Gary
The Ray Dennis Series 



Also By Gary Troia


Spanish Yarns and Beyond
A Bricklayer’s Tales
English Yarns and Beyond
The Complete Short Stories of Gary Troia 



“Therefore I say unto you, what things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.” 
Mark 11: 24, King James Version.

“That a man can change himself...and master his own destiny is the conclusion of every mind who is wide-awake to the power of right thought.”
Christian D. Larson


Chapter 1

  
There is always a first time for everything. This is the first time I’ve waited to board a plane handcuffed to a sheriff. I don’t know for sure if he is an actual sheriff - he may be a deputy, for all I know - but he does have one of those metal star-like badges that you see in westerns, I just can’t get a proper look at it because the handcuffs prohibit my movement.
I’m sitting in the departure lounge at Baltimore Washington International Airport, and all the adults in the lounge are pretending not to look at the sheriff and me. Their children, however, are still unhampered by social protocol. Parents continually yank their children back from trying to find out what they themselves are dying to know. I feel like shouting out, “It was only a bit of hash, for fuck’s sake, I’m quite sure you’ve all had a crafty one?”
The sheriff and me are last off the bus. We wait while everyone else boards the plane. The sheriff hands my passport to the chief purser, unfastens the handcuffs, and then I too board the plane. In my seat I take one last perfunctory look at the land of the free, then slam the plastic shutter down on three years of my life. 
There was always a room for me at my Nan’s house, and after giving her a necessary but unlikely story, I went to my room to lie down. I tried hard to prevent the recent trauma from overwhelming me, but it was hard, too hard. My Grandparents decorated the room when I was a child, the wallpaper depicted cowboys and Indians, and all I could think of was that the cowboys have triumphed again.
I’d gone west and created a new life. I was living in an apartment complex in Manassas, Virginia that had a swimming pool and a small gym: Completely unthinkable and undoable on a bricklayer’s wage in England. But now I am back in England in my old childhood bedroom with a threadbare carpet, dry plaster audibly crumbling from the walls behind the western scene wallpaper, and an ill-fitting sash window causing the room to be freezing. The weather would be balmy in LA right now. I looked at my passport and stared at the latest stamp that was over my American visa. It said “Undesirable Alien”. I do not usually drink spirits, but that night only whisky was gonna see me through. I gulped it down quickly to prevent loss, sadness and stupidity from overwhelming me. My hands were shaking like an old drunk in the streets, and the glass rattled between my teeth. A quarter of the bottle allowed my mind respite for an answer to emerge that might miraculously get me back to where I recently was; but every madcap idea was destroyed by the image of undesirable alien stamped indelibly on my visa, my heart, and mind.  

“Do you want something to eat, love?” my Nan called from downstairs. 
“No thanks, Nan,” I replied from the landing. “I’m really tired after the flight, so I’m just sleeping tonight. Thanks anyway.”
“Well, there is some corned beef if you fancy a sandwich a bit later.”
“Okay, thanks.”
I heard her shut the living room door. After a time I was slightly more comfortable within myself. It was a paradoxical uncomfortable comfort, but it was the best that I was gonna achieve that night. Then I felt the tough winter air duck in through the loose-fitting sash window and jab me with icy punches that I was no match for. I crawled between the sheets and curled up in the fetal position, taking frequent swigs from my bedside medicine. I was so cold and so lonely that I needed to be drunk and oblivious, as I know all too well that tomorrow and the near future will be much, much worse than the shock of being deported from my recent life in America. I turned in bed and through the ill-fitting sash window I glimpsed the large red neon cross on the local church that seemed to offer me a refuge and a hell simultaneously.
The last thing I wanted was for morning to come. I’ve never liked mornings. Mornings reminded me of getting up as a bricklayer and traveling to the other side of London to lay bricks on yet another miserable building site under always grey clouds. I used to have a big brass alarm clock. The constant ticking of each second was so loud it kept me awake all night long in a constant state of panic. I would have loved the timeframe of a three month night (at least) to sort myself out. No human contact. No responsibility. No talking. No job. No nothing. Then, through my despicable despair, a sensible thought managed to wriggle its way to the forefront of my mind. It told me that the money sitting in my American bank account might be frozen or stolen by the American authorities, so I decided to withdraw as much as I could the following day, and that will be my task until I had removed it all. Then I will not have to bother or worry about looking for work, for a while. 
Gradually my old friends who heard through the grapevine that I was back in town, phoned to get the news of why I was back in town. I agreed to meet them when I was on the phone, but as the time drew near for them to arrive, I left the house and walked the short distance to the beginning of the woods, where I sat on a bench and waited long enough for them to leave. The phone calls stopped. I alternated between the local off-licences where I bought my whisky and wine as I did not want to appear an alcoholic. I also prescribed myself an assortment of drugs as whisky and wine were not nearly enough.
..... 

Spring is the great womb of life, and for me, as an April child, it seemed doubly so. I was aware and relieved that my desperate despair was dissipating. I began to take long walks through the woods where the density of life was almost palpable. I knew a way through the woods that led to a plateau, and it was there with the spring sun on my face where I began to contemplate why my ups were followed by such severe downs. The very thought of whisky turned my stomach, and a perceived joint weakened me immediately to the point of mild paranoia. The healing and recovery process had begun, but this time I had to find a higher ground where the highs are higher and the lows are not so low. A new way of being had to be found that was going to enable this leopard to change its spots.
So the question was: How do I go about changing them? First, I was thinking that I needed to conquer the past. I knew that my father must shoulder some of the blame of why I was like I was. He was never interested, beat me around, not violently, mildly, but it certainly left an impression on my character. He was a compulsive gambler who nearly lost our house, and the deeds of my Nan’s house too, after he had used it as collateral in a failed attempt at being a greengrocer. After that he did the only thing that he could conceive of doing - running away, which left my Mum having to do two jobs so we would not all be homeless. This was my first eureka moment that gave me some insight as to why I was the way I was. I had subconsciously and naturally taken on some of the traits that my father had by osmosis. My mind whirred with consequent thoughts, but I had to stop myself as I didn’t want to uncover more knowledge and end up forgetting it as I had no pen and paper to document my findings. I went immediately to W.H. Smith and bought a diary, pens, pencils, notepad and some brightly coloured felt-tip pens. On returning home with my items, I wrote down I had unwittingly taken on many traits and characteristics from my father, but as I waited for the next revelation to be revealed, my mind had gone silent on the issue. I wondered why I drank too much. My father did not drink at all, and this threw my thesis into doubt. I had never done anything of note at school. Never done any homework. Never passed an exam, and was urged into an apprenticeship in brickwork - a job that was such an uneasy fit for me that I felt I had been sentenced to a working life full of hard labour. I remember being in the same room as all the children that were staying on to do their A Levels and then on to bright futures. I honestly believe that there was some kind of voice that had led me to that room to make me always remember how I had fucked up good and proper. I was the only child in that room who was not staying on. It is true that bricklaying enabled me to work in America, but from being in a great position there, I had ruined that by getting up to no good. 
I was unable to get to the bottom of exactly why I was the way I was, and had never had any true and worthwhile guidance from anyone in my life on how to be. No discipline. No goals, although I always had a good roof over my head, nourishing food and decent clothes. The answer to my problems, and the way out of it seemed always to be hanging in the air somewhere close by, but it was ephemeral and I could neither grasp it or comprehend it, but I sensed for sure that there was a definite answer. I grew frustrated and turned again to my two best friends, drink and drugs. They helped me to stop thinking about anything much at all. 

  

Chapter 2


While I was away in America, Pam, a Jamaican woman, had moved next door to my Nan. She was often in the house, talking to my Nan and doing errands and favors for her. She was a very likable and intelligent woman who ran her own computer business. Soon I was on good terms with her, regularly going to her house and talking about deep life issues. She was a Christian, and she continually urged me to come along to her church. Brought up as a Catholic, I despised all forms of religion and dogma, so I would politely decline. Still, every night I would glance at the red neon cross on the church through my ill-fitting sash window, wondering whether it was a refuge or a hell. I decided to buy a Bible to see if it could give me an answer. This was the first book that I ever bought myself. I started to get deeply involved with it, not because it was the Bible, but because I realised for the first time ever that I loved to read. It was a strange feeling finding this out so long after school. I started to buy book after book. Mainly thought provoking novels and philosophy. I especially liked George Orwell, Jonathan Swift, Bertrand Russell, and a fair amount of Russians. Reading was like finding the right piece of a jigsaw that slotted into place, giving me a greater sense of the bigger picture that I had been puzzling about for so long. Yes, reading fitted me well. The presumptuous thought that I wanted to write books came so soon after reading just a handful of books. I came across ideas and beliefs that I had never even contemplated or knew existed, and I was sure that I would find the belief that suited me if I only kept on reading. 
Every Sunday morning Pam would knock on my Nan’s door with her friend to ask if I wanted to go to church with them. Every week the same. The doorbell rang. My Nan answered it. 

“Morning, Dot,” Pam and Angelique would say together.
“Morning, you two,” replied my Nan.
“Is Ray up?” said Pam.
“Sorry, he’s still in bed, love.”
“Ah, well, maybe next week,” said Pam.
The following week I read Ivan Turgenev’s Fathers and Sons, and the idea of nihilism bothered more than anything I had read so far. It disturbed me so much, that the following Sunday morning when Pam did her usual knock on the door before church, it was me that answered it. 
“No need to ask. I’m coming. I’m ready.”
Pam and Angelique were always smiling, but their smiles that day had far more depth to them. As we walked to the station I knew that they were giving thanks to their God for changing my stubborn heart. Going to church felt the right thing to do, so I gave silent thanks to Who knows what for Pam and Angelique.
When we got off the train at Charing Cross, it was just a small walk to the Odeon cinema in Leicester Square, which their church rented every Sunday. I was taken aback by the amount of churchgoing people milling around outside the cinema, and in a McDonalds where we went for a cup of tea before the show started. I thought that this must be a big concern if they were able to hire the Odeon where major films are premiered. Pam and Angelique seemed to know almost everyone in McDonalds. They introduced me to one beaming person after another. After a time I became dizzy and then drained by their oppressive enthusiasm. I noticed at the other tables around me people were discussing energetically and pointing at opened bibles. I told Pam that I was going outside for a breath of fresh air and a cigarette. When I was outside, I was approached by one churchgoer after the other. So I moved out of the immediate range of the Odeon and stood surveying the proceedings from a safer distance. These people were like no churchgoers I’d ever seen, not that I had much knowledge to fall back on. What little I knew of the Bible was that these people were certainly taking Christ’s message to the disciples seriously when he told them to “follow me and I will make you fishers of men.”
They were bothering every passerby and tourist and telling them the good news. I noticed Pam and Angelique coming out of McDonalds and looking around for me, so I stubbed out my cigarette on the pavement and walked over to them. 
Inside the Odeon the level of feeling was intense. At first there was much singing, followed by one person after the other who began to wind up the congregation for the main preacher and his message. The preacher certainly knew what he was doing, he had the skill of a seasoned standup. Finally, after a final few songs, it was over. Then the collection baskets started to be passed down the aisles. I then knew how they could afford such a venue, piles of notes nestled in the baskets. 
I was relieved to be outside and in the pale blue autumn sunlight and smoking a cigarette. Then a suited guy approached me and said that he knew Pam, and she had mentioned to him that I was here, and would I like to go for a coffee with him. The next minute I found myself back in McDonalds and sitting at a table opposite the suited one and a friend of his with an opened Bible on the table, surrounded by other members of the church with opened Bibles on their tables. 
I knew what was coming, so I braced myself. Dave started to ask me questions. 

“Well, hello Ray. It is very good to meet you. Pam has told me a lot about you.
My name is Dave, and I’d love to go through a couple of things about this good book that will change your life for the better, if you are interested.”

I have always been a sucker for an adventure, and this church was something that I was going to run with for a while as I didn’t have much else going on.
“Yes, I am interested. And it’s good to meet you, Dave.” 
“Have you read much of the Bible?”
“Well, just bits and pieces.”
“Do you know that the Bible can heal your life? It healed mine.”
“No, can’t say I did, no.”
“How do you feel at this point in your life?”
“Lost, I think.”
“Well, let’s take a look at what the Bible says about being lost.”
Dave wasted no time, he started to flick through the pages of his big leather bound NIV version. Found what he was looking for, and read: “Suppose one of you has a hundred sheep and loses one of them. Doesn’t he leave the ninety-nine in the open country and go after the lost sheep until he finds it? And when he finds it, he joyfully puts it on his shoulders and goes home. Then he calls his neighbours together and says, “Rejoice with me; I have found my lost sheep.” 

‘So you see, Ray, you are that lost sheep, and you are more important than all the members of the church put together. You have just strayed from your family that is all.”
By the end of our time in McDonalds, and plenty more scripture, I had agreed to stay with Dave in his flat for a week, which was seen by us both as me having a little break from my life that seemed a little grey and sad, and learning a bit about the Bible. Dave was eager to get me there, so he offered to come and pick me up and drive me to his flat. 
Dave’s flat was in Forest Hill, not too far from my Nan’s house. I was more than pleased to see that it was obviously a very expensive flat in a very good area. It was a three bedroomed flat and another churchgoer lived there too. I assumed that I was going to have a restful night, maybe a couple of beers and a bit of a chat. Then Dave told me that there was a family group meeting in the flat later. The family group was a microcosm of the earlier Odeon experience, but was far more nerve racking because of its size. There were more songs (which I thought was a bit much in a block of flats, with no seeming concern for the neighbors), and individual prayers where people prayed for the group and gave thanks to God for me. I was not too surprised when they asked me to pray. Of course I got out of it by using the I am new and not a member excuse. 
At first, all the churchgoers were exceptionally loving, helpful and caring. They were from various backgrounds, but I could tell almost immediately that the church leaders valued professionals and charismatic personalities highly, making them feel even more at home in the flock. I had never known this type of instant friendship and helpfulness in my life, and I even started to believe that maybe it was possible for humans to really live a life that was similar to what Christ preached about in my King James’ Bible.  
My week with Dave flew by. I never seemed to have a minute to myself. I discussed this with Dave and he said it was because I was thinking about myself less and thinking more about others. I thought about this and came to the conclusion that it just might be true, because I certainly was no longer depressed. For the next few weeks I never seemed to leave Dave’s side. He took me to meet the leaders of the church, and to meetings that newcomers or even your average church members weren’t privy too. I remember bumping into Pam one day, and her telling me how proud she was of me and that in just a few weeks I knew more of the church leaders than she knew in over three years. I blessed her. 
I started to truly believe that I had finally found my place in life. Random people began to mention that I would make a good preacher, and I began to believe and agree with them. Although I had almost no time to myself, I began to study the Bible in those few solitary moments that I did have. No solitary moments and the fellowship of the church were massive comforts to me when my Nan finally gave in to leukemia. I was very grateful that I did not mourn alone.
When Dave told me that I had been living in his flat for a month, I didn’t believe him. He suggested that it was now time for me to be baptised and become a full member of the church. Part of me had wanted the experience of being in a church, but another part of me knew that I would never get any deeper than just hanging around for a short time. 
But now I thought about it, I had a better life, so many friends, and a cause to believe in, and I was hardly drinking or smoking. When I thought about my old life and values, I realised I no longer wanted them. So I agreed to the baptism. I was driven to a wealthy member's house that had a custom built baptism pool. Everyone in the church was ecstatic for me, but I wondered why I did not feel the same. After I was dunked in the pool, and was toweling myself down, I realised why. I am an explorer and adventurer, I told myself, but never a member of anything. I don’t like being caged or hemmed in. The problem now was that that I would no longer have the excuse of being new and getting away with doing little. I would have to start not only joining in, but taking a leading role that the leaders were planning for me.
My fears about this were immediately realised the moment I got back to the flat from my baptism, when Dave suggested that we go for a walk in the local park with three other male members of the church. I was expected to pray aloud as we walked around the park. I did not want to do it, but by this time I had moved more of my stuff into the flat, and I had nowhere else to go.
When we reached the park, Dave told me that it was usual to pray aloud twice round the outside path. I surveyed the outside path and determined it was about five hundred meters. So I was going to do a thousand metres of prayer. If that wasn’t bad enough, Dave told me that we had to wait for some members of our home group to turn up, because they really wanted to support me. As we waited I tried to remember what other churchgoers prayed for, as they seemed to sound sincere, but I couldn’t think of anything other than trite, insincere waffle. 
Father God... (that’s how everyone started their prayers)...thank you for this day...the world...your world...and church...your church... (barely ten metres)...thank you for the love and support of those who walk with me now... (wow, that was good - sounded a bit like something Jesus would say)...as we walk this beautiful park...your park... (shit, not even thirty metres)...

……….

I felt like a collapsing marathon runner as I saw the tree that marked the end of two laps of the park. I had no idea what I had said. I felt like a fraud, but everyone else seemed impressed. 
There was never a dull moment. There was always something going on. There was never a moment to just take stock and breathe. I guess that was the point. I began to drag myself to meetings. On the big Sunday get togethers I saw patterns emerge from the preaching. They started to oscillate between loving your neighbour, no matter what they have done, for a couple of weeks; then it would change to aggressive scripture where everyone had to challenge each other for the advancement of their souls. No one was ever allowed to settle. 
One week, a chiropodist, and someone I knew quite well, was expelled from the church because he had been with a prostitute. On the day that his excommunication was about to take place, the excitement generated by the congregation was electrifying. Word had got out and there was not a spare seat to be had. It took a while before the preacher came on and delivered the excommunication. The preacher (an ex butcher) began by explaining that the person in question had been given ample opportunity to repent, but had continued to blatantly fuck the prostitute in spite of the opportunities to repent. The ex-butcher assured us that the church leaders had followed scripture to the letter in this matter. He then went on to read Matthew 18:17-17 and told us to turn to that passage and follow him as he read it out. The chiropodist was sitting four rows in front of me and I had already decided that I would be taking his side, no matter what the scripture recommended.

“If your brother commits a sin, go and take the matter up with him, strictly between yourselves, and if he listens to you, you have won your brother over. If he will not listen, take one or two others with you, so that all facts may be duly established on the evidence of two or three witnesses. If he refuses to listen to them, report the matter to the congregation; and if he will not listen even to the congregation, you must then treat him as you would a pagan or a tax collector.”

Treating someone like a pagan or a tax collector meant that they had to leave the church, and so the chiropodist was asked to leave. I remain gutted to this day that I sat mute and didn’t leave with him. As everyone turned to watch the chiropodist do the walk of shame, a group of women entered the stage and started to sing an inappropriate song about love. I continued to read Matthew 18, and was taken aback to find in the very same chapter, just six verses later, a paradoxical passage. As everyone else had now joined in the song about love, I read from Matthew 18:21-21.

“Then Peter came up and asked him, “Lord, how often am I to forgive my brother if he goes on wrongdoing me? As many as seven times?” Jesus replied, “I do not say seven times; I say seventy times seven.”

I still wonder what that day in church did to the chiropodist’s mind.

.....

My time in the church was coming to a rapid end, but I had nowhere to go. I needed to find a job before I could move out. At the same time I had to keep up the church pretense every day and all night in the cult that I had willingly put myself in. Now that I had come to my senses, it became clear what was really going on. I began to hear all sorts of rumours about how the leaders got paid, and how there was no trace of their tax paid and other issues. The press heard about it too, and started to write articles. This led the leaders to proclaim a them versus us stance. All the scripture they could find on the early church members being persecuted was wheeled out.
While all this was going on, I also had to deal with dating women from within the church. Members were looked down upon if they dated anyone outside the church, and it was vigorously discouraged. I had a date almost every Saturday night. I started to get depressed about these dates. One Saturday I had a couple of pints in the afternoon before the date. I thought we had a reasonable evening, but the following day I had to have a meeting with Dave. He told me that my date had complained to her discipler, who then complained to Dave that I had been drinking before the date, and it was ungodly. Dave lectured me about how much the leaders of the church thought that I would make a great preacher in time, and wanted to resolve some weaknesses in me, which was another way of him lining up scripture.
“Ray,” he said, “in Peter 5:8 it says,” “Be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour.”
By this time, my biblical knowledge was much improved, so I retorted with Ecclesiastes 9:7. “Go thy way, eat thy bread with joy, and drink thy wine with a merry heart; for God now accepteph thy works”
His face told me he didn’t like that, but his words told me that he was proud of my fast-improving scriptural knowledge. I needed to think of a way of extricating myself out of this mess. I hardly had any time to myself, but it was Thursday night, and that meant Dave would be going to the leaders’ meeting, so I would have a few hours to myself. That idea was immediately trampled out of existence when Dave came into the living room with a dangerous smile upon his face. He said that he was pleased to tell me that after speaking with the ex-butcher, he wanted me to go to the leaders’ meeting as they wanted to make me a probationary leader. Not only that, but they were going to offer me a stipend. I was getting paranoid now. I cannot describe a leaders’ meeting in any other way than by calling it a shark’s feeding frenzy. They were all up and about, trying to out Christian each other. Throughout that crazy night there were numerous group prayers where I desperately prayed for a way out.
A few days later, something miraculously answered my prayers. My Mum rang and told me she was giving me and my Brother one thousand pounds each from the sale of my Nan’s house. It may have had nothing to do with prayer, but I was more than grateful nevertheless.
I looked in the local paper and found a bedsit in Lewisham. It was dingy and literally just one room with a bed, a sink, and a cooker. The bathroom was a shared affair. I gave the woman the deposit and a month’s rent up front. I called my Brother and he agreed to come round to the brothers’ flat on Sunday morning after the brothers had left for church. I, however, would have to stay at home, owing to my debilitating sciatica. 
I started to get twinges in my back on Wednesday night. By Saturday I had to cancel my date for the evening. Rarely would anyone be allowed so easily to miss a Sunday service, but with my acting sublime, the brothers’ left the flat, saying they would pray for my swift recovery. 
When the brothers left, I called my Brother. He turned up half an hour later. We loaded all my stuff into his old van, then lurched down the street to freedom. 
That evening, sitting in my new room, having been to Blow John’s to buy a bag of his finest grass, I sat in the only chair and decided that I was finished with adventures, for a while. I was going to educate myself instead. I sucked deeply on a joint, listening to Joe’s Garage Acts ii & iii by Frank Zappa, as missed calls and texts beeped exponentially from my phone.



Chapter 3
   
  
Opening that door to Pam and Angelique led me into a cultish world for eight months.  But now it was over. At first I enjoyed the freedom of just being alone again, but I missed some of the friendships I had built. Meeting some of the professionals within the church affected me. I became aware early on that they had a different vibration about them, and I wanted it too. Around the dinner tables I would get embarrassed when the discussion turned to work and careers. I hated having to tell them that I was a bricklayer, when they were doctors, psychologists, teachers, and the like, but at least I took some consolation in the fact that Jesus was a carpenter. 
As much as I knew for sure that I was always going to leave the church, the fact that I used to socialise with professionals kept me going. There were a handful of decent people that I wanted to emulate, and they urged me to take educational courses. So, from their encouragement, I began an A Level in English Literature in the evening. I loved it! We read the books on the syllabus and then discussed them, and I was pretty good at debate. The problem was, though, when it came to writing my thoughts down in an essay, I soon realised that my almost total lack of schooling let me down badly. One of the worst moments came when the teacher asked me to stay behind after one of the classes. He told me that he thought it would be highly unlikely that I would pass, but not to give up and redo the exam next year. He was right, my paper was not even graded - it was unclassified. Ordinarily I would have taken that defeat as me just not being good enough and giving in, but I surprised myself by saving enough money from bricklaying the following year to enable me to take the whole year off. I enrolled on a course again, but this time I worked hard memorizing dictionary definitions and studying grammar and punctuation. It was at the college where I met an inspiring English teacher. She advised me to go on to university when I passed. And that is what I did. By this time the church was a strange and distant memory. I immersed myself in study. I thought I had overreached myself when it came to the exams, though. I chose Philosophy and Spanish, and had to do philosophy exams in Spanish for the chance to go to a top Spanish University. I remember sitting in the hall and everyone starting, while I was trying to work out what the question was asking. I finally translated the question: “Name three British empiricists and give an example of how each one has contributed to empiricism.” I looked at the clock and saw that it had taken me forty-five minutes just to comprehend the question. I put down my pen and exhaled deeply, believing that the only available option to me now was to give up, get up, and go. 
“Listen,” I told myself, it’s not giving up, exactly, it’s just that this hurdle is just out of reach, like a high jumper who has made a personal best, but cannot squeeze one more millimeter out of himself.” I decided not to get up, but sit back and relax, and congratulate myself on getting this far, in such a short time. I breathed deeply and began to let the problem go. As I continued to breathe deeply, not worrying about the exam anymore, a strange tingling emotion came over me, as if every atom in my body was fluctuating at a higher vibration. At first I felt dizzy. I thought I was going to feint, but once I got used to the higher vibration, my emotion began to stabalise. I don’t know how I knew, but I was almost certain that my ego had just relented to something far greater and authentic. I then picked up my pen as every distracting doubt left me with just the task in hand. Spanish words began to flow from me like I was Cervantes, and I knew all I had to do to keep the flow going was to remain out of the way. Then I remembered a similar experience the previous year in Spain. When I was speaking Spanish to the locals in Bilbao, and conversing well, I congratulated myself whilst speaking, and stepped out of the zone and immediately forgot even the most basic of words. This experience gave the impression that there was something at the back of every day ego, and its usual obsession of thinking about doubt, failure and worry, instead of embracing the all-encompassing present moment. I did not know what it was, though, as this was only my second experience of it, but I believed in it nevertheless.  

.....

I returned from Bilbao and completed my final year. I even scored one of the highest marks for my dissertation on Herri Batasuna. I decided that when I got my hands on my degree I would become a journalist. I would no longer have to work on miserable building sites. What I wanted more than anything was to go to work clean and tidy and not have to worry about the cold, getting paid, or being rained off. I wanted to work in an office. When I used to work on building sites in London, I used to stare jealousy through the windows at the office workers in their lovely warm offices. I used to dream of being in there with them. At the time I just assumed that if I kept on dreaming about it enough, it would happen, but of course it never did. But now things were very different. I was educated and could write and speak in a foreign language, and in English too.
On the day I went to view the result of my degree, that fateful day when I failed the A Level was prominent in my mind, but I knew it would be different this time. A few of us went to the pub, and this time I was able to celebrate too. We spoke long into the night of our bright futures.
The following morning I rose early to apply for the journalistic job I yearned for, but there was a problem; I had no idea where to look for them. I hadn’t thought about that. When I wanted a bricklaying job, I just called subcontractors that I had worked for previously to ask if they needed anyone, and failing that, I just bought the London Evening Standard, looked through the B’s in the building section and rang the number. If they needed anyone you would just start the following day, no questions asked. It took me some time before I found information that listed the kind of jobs that I was after. I then put a C.V together and started to apply for a handful of jobs that I thought would be appropriate. I mainly went for football and sports writing jobs. I waited until I had written a few, then posted them all together with hope and expectation in my heart. When the first letter returned, my heart was beating fast, so I had a coffee and a cigarette on the go before I opened it. The response was mildly sarcastic. Then the letters started to drop on the mat, one after the other. The replies were all hinting at the same thing. I could read through the lines. “Why do you deem yourself worthy of such a position since you are fundamentally a bricklayer that has done a bit of studying. Good luck and all that, but get real. All the best.”
It didn’t take too many more letters before I started to drink heavily again.




Chapter 4


One evening, after two bottles of cheap red wine, I fetched my C.V. and immediately saw how pathetic and ridiculous it looked. For one thing, I had been too honest. Nothing but bricklaying all the way, with a degree attached at the end. The closer I looked at it, the more punctuation and grammar errors I spotted, and there was me thinking that I would somehow win the Pulitzer Prize.  It was so fucking ridiculous and deluded, I could do nothing but laugh at myself. The following day I went and bought the Evening Standard and found a job. My fortune was not totally bereft, as the job I found was just a twenty minute walk from where I lived. In the morning I was walking to the site in battered boots and my level on my shoulder, like some shoddy soldier marching into battle, with my tool bag handle looped over the protruding part of my level, resting on my back. Those halcyon days at university were way behind me now, but how I wished I had enjoyed them much more than I did as I picked up my first brick, squeezed it down, scrapped the muck off, picked up another, squeezed it down, scrapped the...
Trudging to the site on another bleak morning, I stumbled upon the memory of doing my philosophy exam in Spanish, remembering how I got out of the way of something greater than my ego. I immediately began to doubt myself if that event had truly happened. I was almost certain that it had, as I was completely out of my depth at the time. But where is it now? And how did I get out of the way of it? Also, if I do believe in this it, what is it exactly that I believe in? I furrowed my brow from the thought, as I had never even proposed that type of question to myself before, but I almost definitely believed in the it behind the ego.
In the site toilet on a winter’s day, looking at myself in the metallic mirror, I saw how my eyes were bloodshot with dark bags hanging below them, showing all the effects of world weariness, hopelessness, and hangovers. I climbed the ladder to the scaffold, then walked down it to where I would begin my day, building a corner of the house so that others could pull the line off it and build the flanks in between. After that I would go and build another. Apparently it was seen as a privilege to build the corners, as you were thought of as one of the better bricklayers who could keep the corner plumb and at ninety degrees. As I walked down the scaffold, I twisted my foot slightly on a fragment of brick. It was not too painful, but it irritated me enough to scream out loud. I uncovered my tools from under the spot board, took out my trowel to scrape it clean from the day before, then looked around the site that always gave me the impression of being in a war zone. Hard hats were soldiers’ helmets. Four foot levels were rifles. Dumper trucks were tanks. And the foreman, shouting and hollering all day long was just like a Sergeant Major. 
I wanted to be at home and in bed, thinking about whether I believed in God, or not. The sky was pregnant with rain. A storm was threatening, so I made the decision to leave for home, using my twisted ankle as the excuse. Of course, no other man would have left the site for such a pathetic excuse, but I was nothing like the rest of them, I just wasn’t tough enough, or hard enough, for the rigors of working on a building site. So I went back down the ladder, acting and wincing from the pain from my twisted ankle. I saw the foreman talking to one of the laborers. I limped over and told him that I could barely stand. I needed to go home to lie down. He rolled his eyes in annoyance, as losing a bricklayer for the day was going to put him behind on his targets. I told him that I had left my tools on the scaffold, and asked if he would get someone to hide them up for me. I assured him that I would be back in a couple of days after a little rest. He believed me because I was leaving my tools behind. The site was a large one, and the perimeter fence seemed to go on for miles, and I would be seen from the scaffold for a lengthy period, which left me no alternative but to limp all the way out the site and up the street. An actor would have been proud of my work as I was wincing as well as limping, even though my facial expressions that accompanied the limp were an unnecessary addition to the role. When I reached the terraced houses that blocked me from view, I started to walk more freely, although I continued with a slight limp and the odd wince, just to be on the safe side.
Although my plan was to go home and search for God, my ego preferred to take me to the off-licence instead, and buy three bottles of wine. I also had some grass, so I numbed myself from the threatening forces of life outside my flat - nothing would bother me, for the time being. When I went back to the site two weeks later, no one knew where my tools were. The foreman offered to lend me his for the day, but I was too angry about it, so I went home again. The monotony of sitting in my bedsit with nothing to do and not knowing what to do, sent me back to the off-licence. As I was about to walk in, I had the thought that I should not be drinking today - which took me by surprise. Instead I went and bought the local paper to see if there was a local job I could do that didn’t involve building. I also bought the Evening Standard as it was highly unlikely. Not only that, but I had to buy new tools again before I could even get a bricklaying job. That was upsetting, as it hurt me to buy new tools. I made myself a cup of tea, and opened the local paper on the yellow Formica table in the kitchen. As usual, it was local rubbish. I opened the Standard and read it back from the sports’ pages. As I came to the jobs section, and scanned the bricklaying jobs, I was sure I saw something quite different from the usual “Bricklayers wanted.” I looked closer and saw the words: “Bricklaying Tutor Required for Training Centre. Call the number below and ask for an application form.” I couldn’t believe my eyes. Here was the ideal job for me. I could teach bricklaying without having to physically do it on building sites. Not only that, but I could go to work clean and have a steady job. I would have my own office. I became animated and reached for the phone and began to dial the number, but I slammed it back down as I wasn’t quite ready. I went and got my C.V. just in case they asked me some questions about myself. I decided to have a shower. I then went for a walk to try to get out of my way. I girded myself, readied my accent and redialed. It was engaged. When I finally got through, a woman asked for my address and said that she would send me an application form. I asked her to repeat my address just to make sure she had it written it down correctly. I was a bricklayer with a degree, so I assumed I was the ideal candidate for the job. If I had not gone home that day with a twisted ankle, the course of events that led me to get the paper would never have happened. If I had bought wine instead of the papers it would not have happened either. I had not been completely out of the way of it, but I was sure a voice was getting through to me. I listened again intently. Ah, yes! I would not drink and smoke again until I heard back from the Training Centre. 
I started going for long walks and tried my best to keep out of the way. Every day I would rush to the door on hearing the letter carrier push the letters through the letterbox. Nothing. I decided to call the woman at the training Centre again. She told me they hadn’t sent out the applications yet, but would be doing so within the next couple of days. When the application finally landed on my mat I was overjoyed. Now I could be honest about my work as they wanted a wealth of bricklaying experience. When it came to qualifications, I filled in apprentice bricklayer, self-employed bricklayer, and bricklaying subcontractor. Then I threw in A Level English Literature/Language, and the icing on the cake was my degree. I sent it back by recorded delivery. I spent my time waiting, searching for God and investigating what I believed in while I waited for the letter offering me an interview to arrive.



Chapter 5


One evening, after two bottles of cheap red wine, I fetched my C.V. and immediately saw how pathetic and ridiculous it looked. For one thing, I had been too honest. Nothing but bricklaying all the way, with a degree attached at the end. The closer I looked at it, the more punctuation and grammar errors I spotted, and there was me thinking that I would somehow win the Pulitzer Prize.  It was so fucking ridiculous and deluded, I could do nothing but laugh at myself. The following day I went and bought the Evening Standard and found a job. My fortune was not totally bereft, as the job I found was just a twenty minute walk from where I lived. In the morning I was walking to the site in battered boots and my level on my shoulder, like some shoddy soldier marching into battle, with my tool bag handle looped over the protruding part of my level, resting on my back. Those halcyon days at university were way behind me now, but how I wished I had enjoyed them much more than I did as I picked up my first brick, squeezed it down, scrapped the muck off, picked up another, squeezed it down, scrapped the...
Trudging to the site on another bleak morning, I stumbled upon the memory of doing my philosophy exam in Spanish, remembering how I got out of the way of something greater than my ego. I immediately began to doubt myself if that event had truly happened. I was almost certain that it had, as I was completely out of my depth at the time. But where is it now? And how did I get out of the way of it? Also, if I do believe in this it, what is it exactly that I believe in? I furrowed my brow from the thought, as I had never even proposed that type of question to myself before, but I almost definitely believed in the it behind the ego.
In the site toilet on a winter’s day, looking at myself in the metallic mirror, I saw how my eyes were bloodshot with dark bags hanging below them, showing all the effects of world weariness, hopelessness, and hangovers. I climbed the ladder to the scaffold, then walked down it to where I would begin my day, building a corner of the house so that others could pull the line off it and build the flanks in between. After that I would go and build another. Apparently it was seen as a privilege to build the corners, as you were thought of as one of the better bricklayers who could keep the corner plumb and at ninety degrees. As I walked down the scaffold, I twisted my foot slightly on a fragment of brick. It was not too painful, but it irritated me enough to scream out loud. I uncovered my tools from under the spot board, took out my trowel to scrape it clean from the day before, then looked around the site that always gave me the impression of being in a war zone. Hard hats were soldiers’ helmets. Four foot levels were rifles. Dumper trucks were tanks. And the foreman, shouting and hollering all day long was just like a Sergeant Major. 
I wanted to be at home and in bed, thinking about whether I believed in God, or not. The sky was pregnant with rain. A storm was threatening, so I made the decision to leave for home, using my twisted ankle as the excuse. Of course, no other man would have left the site for such a pathetic excuse, but I was nothing like the rest of them, I just wasn’t tough enough, or hard enough, for the rigors of working on a building site. So I went back down the ladder, acting and wincing from the pain from my twisted ankle. I saw the foreman talking to one of the laborers. I limped over and told him that I could barely stand. I needed to go home to lie down. He rolled his eyes in annoyance, as losing a bricklayer for the day was going to put him behind on his targets. I told him that I had left my tools on the scaffold, and asked if he would get someone to hide them up for me. I assured him that I would be back in a couple of days after a little rest. He believed me because I was leaving my tools behind. The site was a large one, and the perimeter fence seemed to go on for miles, and I would be seen from the scaffold for a lengthy period, which left me no alternative but to limp all the way out the site and up the street. An actor would have been proud of my work as I was wincing as well as limping, even though my facial expressions that accompanied the limp were an unnecessary addition to the role. When I reached the terraced houses that blocked me from view, I started to walk more freely, although I continued with a slight limp and the odd wince, just to be on the safe side.
Although my plan was to go home and search for God, my ego preferred to take me to the off-licence instead, and buy three bottles of wine. I also had some grass, so I numbed myself from the threatening forces of life outside my flat - nothing would bother me, for the time being. When I went back to the site two weeks later, no one knew where my tools were. The foreman offered to lend me his for the day, but I was too angry about it, so I went home again. The monotony of sitting in my bedsit with nothing to do and not knowing what to do, sent me back to the off-licence. As I was about to walk in, I had the thought that I should not be drinking today - which took me by surprise. Instead I went and bought the local paper to see if there was a local job I could do that didn’t involve building. I also bought the Evening Standard as it was highly unlikely. Not only that, but I had to buy new tools again before I could even get a bricklaying job. That was upsetting, as it hurt me to buy new tools. I made myself a cup of tea, and opened the local paper on the yellow Formica table in the kitchen. As usual, it was local rubbish. I opened the Standard and read it back from the sports’ pages. As I came to the jobs section, and scanned the bricklaying jobs, I was sure I saw something quite different from the usual “Bricklayers wanted.” I looked closer and saw the words: “Bricklaying Tutor Required for Training Centre. Call the number below and ask for an application form.” I couldn’t believe my eyes. Here was the ideal job for me. I could teach bricklaying without having to physically do it on building sites. Not only that, but I could go to work clean and have a steady job. I would have my own office. I became animated and reached for the phone and began to dial the number, but I slammed it back down as I wasn’t quite ready. I went and got my C.V. just in case they asked me some questions about myself. I decided to have a shower. I then went for a walk to try to get out of my way. I girded myself, readied my accent and redialed. It was engaged. When I finally got through, a woman asked for my address and said that she would send me an application form. I asked her to repeat my address just to make sure she had it written it down correctly. I was a bricklayer with a degree, so I assumed I was the ideal candidate for the job. If I had not gone home that day with a twisted ankle, the course of events that led me to get the paper would never have happened. If I had bought wine instead of the papers it would not have happened either. I had not been completely out of the way of it, but I was sure a voice was getting through to me. I listened again intently. Ah, yes! I would not drink and smoke again until I heard back from the Training Centre. 
I started going for long walks and tried my best to keep out of the way. Every day I would rush to the door on hearing the letter carrier push the letters through the letterbox. Nothing. I decided to call the woman at the training Centre again. She told me they hadn’t sent out the applications yet, but would be doing so within the next couple of days. When the application finally landed on my mat I was overjoyed. Now I could be honest about my work as they wanted a wealth of bricklaying experience. When it came to qualifications, I filled in apprentice bricklayer, self-employed bricklayer, and bricklaying subcontractor. Then I threw in A Level English Literature/Language, and the icing on the cake was my degree. I sent it back by recorded delivery. I spent my time waiting, searching for God and investigating what I believed in while I waited for the letter offering me an interview to arrive.

I got bored waiting for a reply, so I set off for London to mooch around bookshops. I came home with Richard Dawkins’ The God Delusion. I read it in two days. It remains one of the most important books I have ever read. That book helped clear the clutter of religion from my mind, not that I needed too much help with that, but it did burn all the religious nonsense that I had subconsciously picked up throughout my life and turned it to ashes. As far as I could see, I had five viewpoints on which I could believe in.  Namely, theism, deism, atheism, pantheism, and agnosticism. So I looked at these ideas in alphabetical order. It wasn’t hard to dismiss agnosticism almost immediately, as I would never get myself to believe that it would be impossible to ever uncover the truth of the beginning of the universe and life. Regarding atheism, I immediately dismissed religious books in having the answer because Richard Dawkins had so easily destroyed that notion. However, even though he is currently the darling of most intellectuals and standup comedians, and I really wanted to believe him, I doubted whether I could ever believe in probably the most important part of his argument for atheism: That mind somehow emerged from matter unplanned. I can see how matter came about by the big bang easily enough, but for the life of me, I could not see how matter itself could generate life, or mind, I just couldn’t. I was also unable to admit that something greater than me did not sort out my philosophy exam in Spanish. 
Deism is the belief that God started it all off, then he let us get on with it without further intrusion in to our affairs. Somehow this seemed to resonate with me. I could easily imagine intelligent life starting as an experiment by God to see what it would do, as crazy as that may seem. Not only that, but Voltaire was a deist, and I liked him. I also found some truck in pantheism, which is the belief in the natural laws of nature and the universe. Nature is intelligent and seems to know what it is doing, and I am almost certainly part of nature. I could not, however, be a theist, because I couldn’t see that a God could, or would, intervene, regarding individual prayers. So I concluded that a god started life, which is the natural law of nature, and we are at liberty to create and evolve as we see fit. So therefore I was a deist. Now I just hope I get the job. No, what I mean is now that I am a deist, I have to create the job I want by visualizing myself in it, and planning and preparing myself for the interview. So instead of sitting around, waiting for the letter to arrive, and drinking and taking drugs, I became proactive in preparing myself for the position. I even went out and bought some more tools so that I could save up for a new suit for the interview. Working on a site would also enable me to talk about where I was working. I got a job and I even put in some serious effort into it and did Saturday mornings when asked. The subcontractor was so pleased with my work. He told me that he had so much work coming up that he would like me to run one of his sites. I didn’t want to disappoint him by telling him that I was only working for a new suit and keeping myself busy until I got the job as a brickwork tutor. By the time the letter came with my interview date, I felt fitter than I had been for some time, and I hadn’t had a drink for a couple of weeks. 
On the day of the interview I got up and did thirty press ups and thirty sit ups as was my new regime. I showered and put on my new suit, and admitted to myself that I felt and looked good. When I went into the interview room, I immediately sensed there were no negative vibrations between the two interviewers and myself. I knew that I had the job when the manager asked me if I would like a look around the place. The tour was prolonged and easy going, and when he invited me for a cup of tea in his office, I declined on the basis that you should always leave them wanting more. After the interview I decided to go in to the centre of London to buy a book, have some lunch and take it easy. As I came out of the Embankment tube station, my phone rang. I looked at the number and didn’t recognize it. I answered and it was the manager from the Training Centre who offered me the job on the spot. I tried to remain calm and thoughtful, but rushed in with a yes before I even sanctioned the word, which lead me to think later, whether it was my ego jumping in, or the real it behind the ego that thought I was messing about too much and answered for me. Nevertheless, I now had a job that wasn’t on a building site. I also would have an office. I thanked my lucky stars that I was a deist. As I sat down to pizza I began to think about doing the manager’s job. 




Chapter 6


I never assumed in a million years that I would ever be a teacher, but there I was on my first day, and only twenty minutes away from my first class. The manager gave me a scheme of work that had the year’s curriculum in it, divided up into lessons, and pointed to that week’s lesson. It seemed easy enough, following the book week by week. Then he said, “But don’t take too much notice of it, as it is a roll on, roll off system here.” 
“Sorry?”
“Well, what it means is that unlike a college where you have an intake at the start of the year and stick with them throughout the year, here you have people that have just started, some in the middle, and some that are about to leave all at the same time.”
As I was pondering how that could work, he just said, “Anyway, this is your classroom, and you are doing theory to start with.” And with that, he smiled and left me standing there. I didn’t expect that I would have to deliver theory first. I thought I would be in the workshop, where I could wander around and show them bricklaying tips while they were working. But there I was standing outside the classroom with nothing prepared. All I had was a marker pen and a board rubber. I entered the classroom and stood at the front and looked out at the empty chairs. The nerves began to kick in as I wondered what the hell I was going to teach for the next two hours. Two hours. I tried to think about my days when I was an apprentice and what I was taught, but I could think of nothing, my mind was blank and it felt as if I knew nothing about brickwork. As I was thinking, three students walked in and sat down. Then more started to troop in, one after the other. I looked out the window and wished I was out there having a cigarette. There was nothing to do but try to get out of my way. 
Once they were all settled and looking at me, sizing up the new boy, I coughed and said, “Well, what were you doing last time?” 

“Doing these books,” one of them said. I asked to see one of them and saw that it wasn’t too hard at all. They were doing brickwork bonds. So I started to draw them up on the board and explained the differences between them. Then one of them asked me about being on site, and off I went with amusing anecdotes of my time served in the building game. It just started to pour out of me, and I got a boost when they laughed at something I said. After that I felt much more comfortable and started to walk around helping them to fill in their books. The manager came in and asked how I was doing. I was surprised when one of them said, “Ray’s all right, sir.” As I left the class with good adrenaline pumping through me, I vowed to try to get out of my way on a more permanent basis.
The first day turned into the first month and things could not have been better. I was liked by the students, staff and management as I continued to keep out of the way. I sat on the tube on the way home, thinking repeatedly that I was a teacher. I have read that titles and achievements mean nothing in themselves; but they were important for me. I sometimes looked out of the train window in the morning and saw builders working on a site so early in the morning, and freezing cold too, and imagining myself laying a monotonous amount of bricks for the whole day. Knowing that I was a teacher elevated my whole vibration and I knew I looked better than I probably ever had. I had bought myself a handmade leather satchel come briefcase, and sometimes I would take out some paperwork from it and pretend to be studying it to look like an important person, just like I’d seen it done by others when I was sitting there watching them jealously with my steel capped boots on. Women would never give me a look in those days, and I am not surprised, as I must have looked a mess and had a face on me that had misery etched all over it. But now it was different. My eyes were sparkling because it was shining through, not the poor little ego that had always let me down. I got smiles and nods from women on the train. I got commuter friends who I said hello to each morning. When I was asked what I did, I confidently but humbly replied, teacher. 
One Saturday morning, there was a knock on my door. Standing there was a courier with a bottle of champagne. When I read the card I saw it was from the Training Centre. They has sent a bottle to all the staff as there had been good growth in the student numbers. I deserved that champagne and decided to toast myself that very minute. Once I had drank it, I decided that a trip to Tesco’s was needed to celebrate some more. By the end of the day I was drunk and morose. I was back in old town. I started to think that my job was really only a small step up from bricklaying and I was still in the bricklaying game. I had lied on the train when they asked me what I did. Although teacher wasn’t a lie, I followed that up by saying I was a lecturer in construction. And when they asked me what that entailed, I said I talk about architecture, you know, Gaudi and the like. A brickwork tutor was not nearly good enough. One by one the students that I detested began to come to mind. The majority of them had been sent to the Training centre by different institutions and many of them did not want to be there. There were addicts of every kind, and some of them had been sent by the unemployment office, and if they didn’t attend, they would lose their benefits. Not only that, but I had some problems with some of the other staff, who were quite revolting in one way or another. I opened another bottle of wine, and started to feel just like I did before I got the job. I felt that I had been given a life sentence of bricklaying, and no matter how hard I tried to extricate myself from it, I would always fall back into the trap. 
Then I started to drink every night after work and the smiles from women on the train began to fade away. I became short at work with almost everyone. Thursday was my paperwork day, a day without students. But I never did any paperwork, it was all I could do to stay awake. Hangovers became the norm, and when I looked at myself in the mirror, I saw that my sparkling eyes had been replaced by bloodshot eyes, and even I could smell the booze seeping from my pores and mingled with sweat. A year passed, and I was no longer the golden boy. I worked out that my money per day was less than half of what I made on site. I rang a subcontractor who I was still on good terms with and asked if he had any work. He told me he was inundated, and offered me more money a day than I had ever been on, so I took him up on it. The following Monday morning I went in to the manager’s office and resigned. He was confused and tried to talk me out of it. He also said that he had noticed that I seemed down lately and asked me if I wanted to talk about it. I said no. I only had to give two weeks’ notice. I didn’t work them, I went to the doctor and told her I was stressed, so she gave me a sick note. By the end of the two weeks I was working again on site. The freedom from teaching was quite liberating at first, but the physical labour and the early mornings and having to contend with different weather systems battered me into finishing there after just six weeks. I was back where I had started from and wishing that I had never succumbed to that bottle of champagne brought to me by the courier. I had now been drinking so much and for so long, that my mind was in a state of utter turmoil. I went to the doctor and told her that I was in a deep depression. She asked me how much I was drinking and I didn’t lie. She sent me to a counselor who also asked how much I had been drinking. She suggested that I go to AA. I was so outraged and hurt by her remark that I went on a massive bender. 
The flat that I had managed to rent, owing to me being a teacher, was unfurnished. I was expecting to furnish it, but the drinking got in the way. I didn’t even have a bed, just a thin mattress that I slept on. So thin that it was almost sleeping on the floor. There were no curtains. One day scaffold started to be erected around the old house as they were going to repoint the brickwork. One morning I woke to see a scaffolder walking by my window. There was nowhere to hide except to move my mattress to the wall immediately under the window so that they could not see me. I couldn’t even drink until they had knocked off for the day. The only entertainment I had was a radio. I listened to talk shows all day and all night. One night after a particularly heavy session, I could hear the radio presenter talking and the adverts in between. I finally summoned enough energy to drag myself to the plug socket to turn it off. But as I came to the socket, I realised that the radio was not plugged in. What I had heard was my mind replicating the presenter and adverts exactly. 
An interrupted sleep, full of huffing and puffing left me exhausted by morning. Here was another day that I had no wish to be a part of, and the post falling to the floor only made me think that it was bills or bad news to freak me further. I was desperate and gaging for a Lucozade as I needed the sugar. Your body just knows what it wants when you listen to it and get out of the way. A cat’s lick in the bathroom was all I could muster, throwing water on my hair and pushing it into a reasonable shape before entering out into the world, carefully stepping over the pile of mail, although I could not help but glimpse there were a couple of brown nasty envelopes that always screamed out for my attention. I longed to be safely locked up in an asylum as I walked to the shops. 
When I returned I was thinking about the dreary day ahead and how I would handle it. This usually meant that I would handle it by self-medicating myself with more alcohol, but when I entered the living room and saw around seventeen bottles of wine strewn around the floor, a quick glance around the room showed me that it was a reflection of a tramp’s area outside that was my squalor inside. I noticed my hands shaking. This was a new symptom of my downward spiral. I went back out and bought some wine, came back and poured two bottles into my flask. I didn’t have much by the way of material things, but I did have a flask. I took the remaining prescribed sleeping pills, then wandered over to a secluded spot by the local golf course, where I sat in a pathetic repose, watching the golfers getting irritated, putting on the fourth green. When I woke up I went to the local hospital and told them what I had just done. They sent me to the very same counselor that had suggested I should go to AA. This time she phoned a number and gave the phone to me. The person on the other end told me that he was an alcoholic and would I like someone to come and take me to a meeting in the morning. I agreed and went home to ponder what had happened to me. The following morning I was waiting outside to be picked up by an alcoholic. I did not know what I was expecting, but I certainly wasn’t expecting an intelligent man with a brand new Land Rover. When we arrived at the meeting, there were smart looking people who seemed to be happy and clean - I wasn’t expecting alcoholics to be happy and clean. When the meeting got under way, each person started by saying their first name and qualifying that by admitting he or she was an alcoholic. I was absolutely shitting myself as the chain of confession started to come my way, but after saying it, the hardest and most frightening thing I have ever said, far more frightening that even my first day as a teacher, I felt liberated. At the end of the meeting someone started to give out tokens for different amounts of sobriety. It started at one day. Tony, who had brought me to the meeting nudged me, so I got up and took the shiny red token amid a round of applause. I was so elated as we left the meeting, I almost asked if anyone fancied going to the pub for a celebratory drink. 
  On the journey home, Tony kindly presented me with the Big Book which he had bought for me. I read the whole book over the weekend, but was particularly interested in the twelve steps, especially number three: “Made a decision to turn our will and lives to the care of God as we understood him.” This troubled me deeply as a deist, because I didn’t believe in a personal God, but as I went to more meetings, I started to think that maybe when I managed to get out of the way, it was a personal God, after all. When I pondered this more fully, I came to see that when I was out of the way, I ended up being drawn to the church, teaching, and now AA, and what all these institutions had in common was me having to impart to others about my experiences of life, and how I had progressed in one form or another in my life. But what, I asked myself, was in me that managed to destroy the situation every time? Nothing ever lasted. Even my relationships with women never lasted longer than a few months at best - it was always the same, as they told me that I was draining them. And why was I always jumping from one place to another? My schooldays were spent fighting, running away from home, being part of a plot that burnt the sixth form down, and taking drugs and drinking. I had blamed all of that on my father, and as much as he was to blame for many unhappy elements of me, it was still myself that had made all those disastrous decisions. 



Chapter 7


Two years passed and my personal God had restored me back to health, and was well on its way to restoring my sanity. I had a great sponsor called Jimmy, who gave me a TV and a settee for my flat, and even helped pay for some dentil work when I was in agony. I also came to realize that I had never had any capacity to follow a realistic life plan, so I set about creating one. I wanted to teach, so I was going to get back to that. I began to write down my goals and how I was going to achieve them by writing out the steps to each individual goal. I bought the Times Educational Supplement and sent out for application forms to three FE colleges. While I was waiting for job interviews to arrive, I thought about step nine in The Big Book, which was about making amends to people. The list of names and faces I needed to make amends to passed through my mind like a very long slideshow. Where to start? So I asked my personal God for advice on that matter, and for some reason my previous manager at the Training Centre came first. I went for a walk and phoned him one sunny afternoon. He was pleased to hear from me, and seemed impressed by my new found confidence, especially when I told him what I had been doing. Two hours later he rang me back and said that he had forgotten that one of the brickwork tutors was off sick and asked me if I would cover for him. So the following Monday I was back at the Training Centre. In the meantime, I also got an interview at a college in Kent. By the second week I went for the interview at the college, and two weeks later I got confirmation that the job was mine. That night I went to an AA meeting and told them my story, expressing my gratitude for all concerned. I had never expressed gratitude for anything before, and finished up by saying that I reserved the most gratitude for my personal God who had almost restored me to sanity. At the end of the meeting I was approached by a man who said he had a flat that was five minutes’ walk from the college I had told the group about, and asked if I would like to rent it as he was moving to London to live with his girlfriend. I now saw how a personal God can work if only you let Him and get out of His way. 
As I was rifling through a shoebox that contained my personal papers, I saw my passport with the stamp that said Undesirable Alien over my American visa, so I went and lost it and sent for a new one. When it arrived I looked at my name and it seemed so alien to me. Ray Dennis seemed to be from the past, so I took the unusual decision of changing my name to something more befitting. After a time I came to the conclusion that I would now be called Ramon Deneuve. I changed my name by deed poll and ordered a new passport, and I was newly born again. 
And so I started my new job with a new name and a new life plan. Not only that, but the construction department was new within the college. My life was packed, what with getting the paperwork sorted for the students, and night times and weekends spent at meetings. I used to go to bed about half past ten, which was unheard of for Ray. But Ramon worked so hard that he fell sweetly to sleep. There was no time for resentment and recriminations, Ramon didn’t have any, and if I needed to make a new step, I would just ask my ever faithful personal God, or my sponsor.

.....

As the construction department grew, it became necessary that most of the individual trades had to gain more staff, and in the brickwork department it was decided that it needed two more tutors. As I was the only one, it was tacitly assumed that I was head of department, and so I would be on the interview panel. However, on the very week that the interviews were going to be conducted, I fell prone to debilitating sciatica, and was unable to move - couldn’t even put my socks on, let alone go to work.  So when I went back to work, the two new brickwork tutors had already been chosen and were in situ. The first one I met, Ronnie, was a good bricklayer, and all the students got along with him, but his reading and writing were poor, and he struggled to the point of embarrassment in the classroom delivering theory, so I swapped one of my practical classes for his theory class. He appreciated this so much, that he began to confide in me about his childhood, which was a lot worse than mine. When I clapped eyes on the second one, I felt that I should call the British Society for Science, as I was sure I had discovered the missing link.   He was a big old lump with a large ridge above his eyes, long baboonish arms, and a classic stoop that suggested he was still stuck at the stage before the rest of humanity made the next evolutionary step to walk upright. At lunchtime he used to put these strange cuts of meat (no one knew what they were) in the microwave and stink out the office, which was open-planned, and talk mainly about shagging his wife up the arse. I have met people who have had revolting traits throughout my life, but he seemed to have every revolting trait going, without any redeeming ones. As the weeks went by, it became apparent that the missing link was jealous of my and everyone else’s evolutionary advancement, and so he became increasingly more difficult. Then, one day I went to the office to collect something or other, one of the admin staff told me that the vice principal was coming up to see me. I saw him get out of his car, as the main college was a couple of miles away. The way I had been working was good, and so for the life of me, I could not fathom what was might be wrong. Maybe it was going to be an encouraging meeting, but it didn’t feel like it. I sensed that it was going to be bad. And so it turned out. The Vice Principal, the head of construction, and some bloody woman from HR were all in the room when I was finally called in. I sat down and was handed a letter and asked to read it. It said that someone had accused me of bullying and so I would be suspended for two weeks, or until an investigation had been concluded. Normally when you have done something wrong, you know what you did, and expect the consequences, but this was a complete mystery to me. 
For the first time in my life I had been accused of some wrong doing that I had not done, and this was a strange situation. I was unsure of my emotions. I rang my sponsor and spoke to him about it, and while he was on the phone, it came to me. It was the missing link, but bullying? His last job, as he never tired of telling everyone, was in the prison service as a screw. Not that that was the reason I was so surprised that he had accused me of bullying him, it was the fact that he was a member of the prison riot squad that responded to a riot anywhere in Britain. Of course, I had no evidence that it was him, but I was on very good terms with all the others I had started with in the new construction department, so I was convinced it would not be any of them. 
I could not settle, and I became angry, very angry. I knew that I would be vindicated, but I was so incensed that I wanted to retaliate immediately. I had to find an immediate retaliatory gesture, or God only knew what I would do. I knew their investigation would not go two weeks, so I decided I would have to make a point about this. Then it came to me, I would go to my doctor and tell her that I was stressed, which was not a lie. So that when they called me back, I would still be off, because now I had a problem with the college. So you can just make an outrageous accusation about someone and that person would be immediately suspended? This was ridiculous. So off I went and told my doctor what had happened between clenched teeth, and she gave me a six week certificate because I would be in no fit state to resume my duties. Three days later I received a letter from the college stating they had had their investigation, and I had been found not guilty of bullying and I was expected back at work the following day. I did not, however, receive an apology. So I sent my sick note in by registered mail, just to make sure they would receive it. 



Chapter 8


I was still unhappy about not having my revenge, so I looked for something to assuage that feeling. I thought I had found it by booking a week’s holiday in Spain. The lack of an apology was beginning to incense me. My flight from Gatwick was late in the evening. I bought a bottle of vodka and some orange juice and started to drink it. I did not enjoy the experience at all. I was consumed with revenge. I drank all day and all night, hatching plans to deal with the missing link, which included, among many other things, torture and murder. My sponsor phoned and texted. I texted back because I didn’t want to lie verbally: In Spain for a break. He was concerned that I might drink again and lose the plot. At the end of the six week sick period, I pondered on whether to ask for more time off. In hindsight, that is exactly what I should have done, as I was in no way concerned with work, only bullying the missing link. I had also forgotten about God, AA, professionalism and forgiveness. My once sparkling eyes were no longer sparkling. They were not even bloodshot, they were as dark as threatening clouds before a tremendous thunderstorm. 
I was in the zone when I arrived back at work, but was taken by surprise by how much everyone seemed glad to see me, but I could not allow this warmth of feeling to derail me from my vengeance. As much as the basest part of me wanted to punch him in the fucking face, and be done with it, I was determined that when it came, it would be a classic coup de grace. I was determined to work like a demon, and I also decided to outwardly forgive him, even though when he came to shake my hand one time, I refused it on the basis that I did not want to touch him. I just said, “Don’t worry, I don’t hold grudges.” So I bided my time and waited for a plan to come together. I did not want to push it and have an unsatisfactory outcome. I was enlivened like never before, and I remembered what Kerouac said about revenge being a dish best served cold - or was it Ginsberg? No matter, I knew that it was true. While this was going on at work, I began to feel disillusioned with AA. As much as I was grateful to it in the beginning, and always would be grateful to my sponsor, I began to feel irritated by the same whining from the same people that continued meeting after meeting. These were people who had been in AA for years, yet they seemed to be always bemoaning the fact that they had an incurable disease, and they would never ever recover. As they always quoted from The Big Book, “Alcohol is a fatal illness for which there is no medical cure.” I could not agree with this, as drinking is really no more than a decision, it is not an illness like cancer, that maybe cured or not. I knew I drank to self-medicate when I was angry or feeling down, but this was more of the brain wanting a specific drug because it is lacking in what it really needs, but it can be rebalanced by replacing the drug with proper nutrition, abstinence, exercise and rebalancing the brain with the right amino-acids. I also had come across books about Bi polar ii, and I saw my symptoms clearly within these books, which I found liberating. I had also read about someone being an alcohol abuser, as opposed to an alcoholic, and again this made sense to me. Also, The Big Book, just like any other book that has God in it, is open to wild interpretation, and so you get the fundamental wing in AA. If any of the books with God in them were the truth, then the truth would not be open to interpretation, and there would never be any schisms within religion. So I stopped going. Soon my sponsor phoned and told me that he could no longer be my sponsor. Ordinarily, I have never had any regrets about moving on from people when time is over in our relationship, but this was quite different as he meant a lot to me. But as I found out when I left the Christian cult, those that professed to be your friend while you were in it, would happily cut the ties when you were out of it. They would even quote scripture why they could no longer consider you a legitimate friend: mainly because you were going to hell, and it hurt them to think of you burning in hell for eternity. So I had Bi polar ii, and when I was on the manic side I would self-medicate with drink and drugs. Now I had myself firmly in the picture frame, all I had to do when I was manic was make sure that I did exercise and exhaust myself instead of drinking or taking drugs to calm me down. It is probably the greatest accomplishment in the world to know exactly why you are the way you are, I said to myself.



Chapter 9


One month gave way to the next, yet still I had no definitive plan for dealing with the missing link. The missing link continued to eat stinking lumps of meat, and talked about shagging his wife up the arse, and supplementing that by showing some of his copies of the pornographic magazine Spiritual Pussy, which mainly had pictures of nuns being fucked up the arse. Instead of igniting my hatred for the man, it had the opposite effect by making me more cold and calculating towards him. Then in a weekly meeting, the head of construction mentioned that a storage room for the plumbers would be built, and could everyone give a hand to building it. It was going to be built from concrete blocks, commonly known in the trade as bollock busters, as they were ridiculously heavy. So although the head of construction asked for everyone to lend a hand in building it, it was mainly down to the bricklayers to build it, and the carpenters to hang the door once we had finished. We decide it would take two days to build, so we were asked to come in on two consecutive Saturdays to complete it. The three of us, Me, Ronnie, and the missing link came in the following Saturday and did so well, that it was just a matter of building the final three courses above the lintel. The following Saturday I said to them that I would get up and finish building it, because deep within me, I started to sense an opportunity. Of course the missing link said he had done his back in, and so couldn’t clamber up and down the ladder. When I was up on the scaffolding, I looked down at the missing link and started to stare at him with cold, calculating shark’s eyes. When I had laid the last block, I started to joint up what I had built, and then it was the task of taking down the unwanted broken bits of blocks and debris that remained on the scaffold. This was going to be achieved by putting the materials that were left over in a large basket on a pulley. I would put the rubbish in the basket, then the missing link would take the strain of the rope and haul it down. Then Ronnie would tip the basket into a wheelbarrow and dump it into the skip. I was thinking about going home when I looked down and saw the missing link was on one knee, tying his boot lace. I looked outside and saw Ronnie pushing the wheelbarrow up the scaffold boards to empty it in the skip. Then it came to me. There was one complete bollock buster left, so I picked it up and walked to the edge of the scaffold and accidentally dropped it. I felt so exhilarated as I saw it free falling in midair. It fell full on the missing link’s knee with a simultaneous thud and snap. It was a slightly delayed reaction, but I made myself fall of the scaffold for an alibi. However, I fell to the floor more awkwardly than I had anticipated and ended up spraining my wrist. The screams that were emanating from the missing link were primordial. I shouted out, “Ronnie, help, there’s been an accident.” Ronnie came running in and saw both of us lying on the ground. 
“What the fuck happened?”
“I went to put the last block in the basket and gravity just took me and the block with it. Is he all right?” I said, “Did the block hit him?” Ronnie went over to check on the missing link, and I saw the link’s face contorted with pain. This was better than anything I could have imagined, I thought.
“Fuck, what shall I do,” asked Ronnie.
“Call an ambulance,” I said, holding my arm and wincing far worse than the pain dictated.
About ten minutes later the Missing link and me were in an ambulance. I kept repeating, “Stay strong, you will be fine.” 

“The accident has caused his knee to snap in two, and he is going to be off work for a long time,” a doctor told me. 
“And my wrist?”
“It’s just a sprain, keep the bandage on, and it will be fine in no time.”    
 “Okay, but it sure does hurt.”

.....

The following week I was made head of department. But no matter, I felt that my work at the college was now finished. The work of teaching brickwork had become a monotonous monstrosity again. The smell of cut bricks and sand and lime was nauseating to my nostrils, and the sound of the mixer droning on and on all day long used to give me a dull headache. I preferred the theory lessons, as I liked to be as far away from the workshop as possible. Even so, brickwork theory is hardly the most interesting subject in the world. It’s hardly architecture. As I smoked in the car park I looked up at the grey clouds of winter and thought about America. I began to think that I had left America prematurely and my work was uncompleted there. The missing link returned to work, which livened things up, as I spent my time manipulating and bullying him. Every time we were alone, he seemed to incite me in to telling him exactly what I thought of him, so I did. Then one day, on a training exercise at the main college, I was summoned out of the training by the head of construction. As I went into the office, I was greeted by the sight of the vice principal and that damned woman from HR again. They gave me another letter and asked me to sit down. I said nah, and read it. It said a similar thing as before, but this time they had sufficient proof. It turned out the sly missing link had hidden a tape recorder inside his jacket pocket when I was telling him what I thought of him. Again I was asked to sit down, and again I said, “nah, I know how it works,” then turned and walked out. I returned to my doctor and told her that the same thing had happened again. She was shocked and outraged that the missing link had an obvious vendetta against me, so she gave me a ten week sick note. 



Chapter 10


The voice of my personal God gradually grew louder and louder. I was almost sure that it was telling me I should return to America. So I took Ramon Deneuve’s passport to the American embassy and got a new visa stamped in my new passport. I was so sure about what I was doing, I sold everything I could possibly sell, and got rid of my flat too. I was burning my bridges. In the mean time I received a letter telling me that I would have to go to college for a tribunal. I sent a letter back saying that I was resigning anyway. I never wanted to see a student or a brick ever again in my life. I booked a flight for the USA and landed in Baltimore Washington International airport. I took a room in a motel and wondered where to go next as I had no real plan. God’s voice was strangely silent on the matter. In the motel’s foyer there was a map of the country. So I decided to close my eyes and jab my finger at it. When I opened them, my finger was in the Pacific Ocean, but close enough to Los Angeles for that to be my destination. 
I took a Greyhound bus that had a toilet malfunction all the way to LA with a constant smell of shit as my traveling companion. I took a motel room and then looked for an apartment to rent. I found one in Venice Beach close to the Sidewalk Cafe. It was a bed sit that had a bed in a cupboard. The kitchen was in the same room, but it did have a separate toilet and bathroom. My positivity and vibration were quite high. 
Sitting in the Sidewalk Cafe one day, I met a hippy called Mike. I was not surprised in the least when he told me he was a bricklayer, or mason as he called it. Nor was it surprising when I started to work with him for cash in hand. Mike and his hippy friends gradually introduced me to vegetarianism and peyote, which gave me a new outlook on the workings of the mind. For some reason the Voice began to let me know through certain signs and coincidences that I was in some sort of preparation for an important new stage in my life, although I knew not what it was exactly. 
One Saturday morning I was sitting in a health food restaurant eating falafel, when a distinguished and charismatic looking gentleman asked to sit in the seat opposite. The place was always full, so it was no surprise. He had an almost palpable aura about him. After a time he introduced himself to me. His penetrating stare was very disconcerting, and I had to keep looking away and fiddling with my glass, fixating on it as I twirled it round and round. In a short space of time, which seemed like an eternity, we exchanged some meaningless chat that is so often the way when humans interact. 
“Who are you?” he said unexpectedly.
“Ray...mon,” I replied.
“I didn’t ask for the noise that you respond to.”
“Do what?”
“Sorry, I didn’t meant to be rude. It’s just that I sense a significant strength of spirit within you that is struggling to reveal itself, so I was a little abrupt to get its attention. Not just that, but I had a sudden urge to converse with you deeply, and not wanting to waste more time playing vague verbal tennis that humanity seems to excel in. I mean, wasn’t it the English philosopher Michael Dummett, who said that vagueness is an indispensable feature of language?” 
“I don’t know.”
“Well, no matter who said it, we can decide to dispense with it if we choose, right?”
I was beginning to think that the man sitting opposite me was a significant nutcase, but I was intrigued about my significant strength of spirit that he had mentioned, because I was almost certain that I had one. And anyhow, who in the world doesn’t want to listen to someone talk about themselves? So I decided to let the conversation take its course.
“Well, I suppose so.”
“What do you want to be, then?”
“I don’t know that. Haven’t got a clue. Although I do know what I don’t want.”
“And that is?”
“I wanna get away from laying bricks. No matter what happens, or wherever I go, I am always laying bricks. Even when I got a job teaching...”
“You were teaching others how to lay bricks,” he interrupted.
“Yeah. Then I came out here...”
“And you were offered a job laying bricks?” he interrupted again.
I closed my eyes and nodded. 
“Your thinking is just too poverty-stricken.” 
“What?”
“Well, Ramon, let me put it like this. You are like a gardener who has grown a certain flower or vegetable and, having had repeated success in growing it, you continue to keep growing it. You see other species, but you wonder and doubt if your soil is right for them and other concerns. But the main reason you do not try another type is because you do not have enough faith and belief in yourself, and so you keep on growing the same thing repeatedly. Because you keep thinking about not wanting to be a bricklayer, you are constantly thinking about bricklaying, and that is why all these experiences of bricklaying keep coming your way. I grant you, though, that you are good at it, because you seem to be able to create one opportunity after another so effortlessly. It takes a good imagination, concentrated visualization and much conscious effort to do that. I assume that you are working and making money as a bricklayer now?”
“Yeah.”
“Then you have to resign the job today.”
“Do what? How can I support myself here without it?”
“Unless you burn your bridges concerning brickwork, you won’t have a hope in hell of doing something different. Do you think that someone who has never thought about brickwork has ever done brickwork?”
“No, but they wouldn’t be able to.”
“They would if they thought about it, because they could quite easily learn it. You have told me that you have taught it. Therefore those people thought about doing it, then went and put themselves in the position to learn it, and so their circumstances began to offer up brickwork opportunities. You now need to forget about brickwork in the sense that you have never done it and do not know how to do it. Thus you cannot do it.”
I was totally enraptured by what he was saying, and I was more than disappointed when he got up and said he had to leave for a meeting, but he handed me a card before bidding me a good day. When he had gone, I looked at the card. It said: “Theodore Matkin. The Church of Praxis. Revealing The Secret. Come and do it.” And beneath that, it gave the time and date, which was every Saturday morning at eleven am. On the way home I thought about what he had told me about burning my bridges as far as bricklaying was concerned; I came to the conclusion that he was telling me a fundamental truth about the cause and effect concerning life and circumstance. It all made perfect sense to me now. It had to be obvious that the more I thought about not wanting to do brickwork, this thought is the most prevalent thought that I am holding, and therefore nothing but bricklaying opportunities would arise in my life: The truth about cause and effect. 




Chapter 11


I was working with Mike on a glass block job on a house in Santa Monica, and there was about a week’s work left. Mike had been good to me, and there was no way I could let him down, it would have been churlish of me to do so. I would have upset him for no apparent reason. So I decided to do the right thing and help him finish the job. And in any case, I would explain what I was planning to him, and knowing Mike’s open mind, he would be very interested in what I was doing. I was right, Mike was so interested in what I had told him, he decided he would come along to the meeting on Saturday with me.
There were around a couple of hundred people in the auditorium, all looking and longing for a way out of their current situation. The majority of them were looking for more money, as became obvious when Theodore began asking individuals from the crowd what they desired most. Money was not my driving factor, although it would have been a nice BI-product of doing work that I enjoyed.  There was not much crazy stuff being said, and it wasn’t anything like a cult. Most of it made sense. All one needed to do was imagine and desire your goal, write a plan in achievable steps, then set about doing those steps. The speaker also said that the essence, or spirit of the universe, although being essentially a blank canvas, could not help but produce whatever was impressed upon it, and had no moral compass about what it would produce. This led me back to my original belief in deism, that once God had kicked it all off, so to speak, all new creation was down to us. 

.....

I was now finished working with Mike, but he said that if I ever needed some quick cash, I was to give him a call. I told him that I could no longer do it as I had to forget all about it. I think he understood. 
I kept going to the meetings on a Saturday morning. In many respects, it was like a how church should really be. Theodore gave good advice and one could tell immediately that what he was saying was true based on simple deduction. One thing he said that I had trouble with was that a truly great, evolving person must avoid all excess, and it was wisest to avoid alcohol and drugs and every other substance or pursuit that may lead to addiction. He even went on to say that following a football team too fanatically, for example, was just like any other addiction. I could see his point. I have always followed West Ham, and can clearly remember how that has affected my emotions based on whether they won, drew or lost. Even going to a bar, he said, just for a quiet drink with friends tainted the spirit in ways that weren’t readily obvious. No one in their right mind would go to an opium den nowadays, as that would be frowned upon. But going to a bar is the exact equivalent today in the West, and no one gives it a second thought, but if you did, you would see how going to a bar has nothing but negative connotations. No one has to point out how a generally placid person can turn so easily into a fool or worse after only a couple of drinks, and smoking is at best self-harm.



Chapter 12
 

As my mind began to clear for the first time in my adult life, I realized that I had learned something very powerful from Theodore and The Secret. “Everything you want is an inside job! The outside world is the world of effects; it’s just the result of thoughts.” He had taught me that all the knowledge and power I needed to succeed was within me, and it is always ready and available to deliver whatever I chose to hold in my mind. Once a goal, or a material object was identified by visualization, all one had to do then was plant the thought seed in the universal garden, so to speak, and just wait for it to grow. Theodore used quotes from The Secret often to make his point, but whenever he spoke about thought seeds, he liked to use a quote by Cynthia Occelli:

“For a seed to achieve its greatest expression, it must completely come undone. The shell cracks, its insides come out and everything changes. To someone who doesn’t understand growth, it would look like complete destruction.”
  
As one bad habit left me, a new good one would soon replace it automatically. I began to walk and talk with greater authority, and my posture, when I walked, was not slumped, but upright and confident. These were not things I had deliberately decided to change, they had come about because my healthier mind and higher vibrational thought content caused my neutral body to follow along naturally. 
Although I had been given the key to anything I wanted, I was still unsure exactly what I wanted. I went and took a very long walk along the beach. I was at peace, but I had no one to share that peace with, so I began to visualize a companion to share my gifts with. I began to flick through all the women I had met in my mind, and tried to come up with a quirky, yet stunning woman that stood out from the rest. I sat on the sand and thought like I had never thought before. Once I was sure I had the image I wanted, I planted my first thought seed in the universal garden. Now that I had planted the thought seed I knew that I must believe that I already had my dream woman in my life, so as I walked back along the beach, I started to pretend that I was walking and conversing with her. At first it seemed strange, but I soon got the hang of it. We enjoyed it so much, that I invited her for a drink at the Sidewalk Cafe. 
I was so much happier now I had a partner (even though she had not manifested into the material world, yet). The strange thing was, though, I started to meet manifested women where ever I went. I seemed to be very attractive and popular to the opposite sex. Theodore told me that it was because of my higher vibration that I was attracting all the attention. It also seemed like a universal human condition, when you are alone, one tends to give out more desperate signals than when you are with someone. I went on many dates, but each one, I knew for sure, was not the manifested exotic flower that I had planted. 

.....

As my mind and body continued to heal and soar, my finances were going in the opposite direction, seemingly at the same speed. Doubts crept in, and the thought of asking Mike for some work became the most prevalent in my mind. The more I thought about it, the more worried I became. I found myself worrying about it in bars. I caught myself putting bad thought seeds into the universal garden. My thinking had changed for the worse. I looked at my drink upon the bar and realised that I had turned around and was going in the opposite direction, back from where I had started. I decided to leave the bar and the drink and start again to think better. I had lost time, but I hadn’t gone too far back. I went for a jog down the Ocean Front Walk. When I returned home, there was a letter on the floor, posted by hand. When I opened it, there was a couple of hundred dollars inside, and a note from Mike, who said the glass block job had warranted a bonus for completing it ahead of time, and this is my portion of the bonus.



Chapter 13


On my way in to the meeting one Saturday, I was overcome. I was sure that I saw my thought seed in bloom, standing in the car park. She was standing with a couple of friends, laughing and full of joie de vivre. I don’t know whether my vibrational frequency went higher, or whether my heart was just pounding faster, but I knew her to be my visualization manifested. I couldn’t make out, though, whether she was a dark Latina, or an Oriental. Every time I took a look, she seemed to be one thing, and then the other. On one not so surreptitious look, she turned her head, and my heart seemed to stop, and I became breathless like I had asthma, and other bad love poetry phrases came to mind. Her knowing look was accompanied by a smile of security that said she was comfortable from my attention despite my continuous glances. I was so all over the show that I couldn’t concentrate on what Theodore said in the meeting, so I left early. When I got in, I picked up my book of Shakespeare love sonnets, and found soon after what I should have said to myself at the time (even though he wrote it about a bloke): 

“A woman’s face with nature’s own hand painted
Hast thou, the master-mistress of my passion;
A woman’s gentle heart, but not acquainted...”
I just couldn’t settle, so I went for a jog down the Ocean Front Walk. As I jogged on, I could not, for the life of me, totally remember what my manifestation looked like. One minute she was an Afro Caribbean, then she was Oriental, and then Latin. Then I had the absurd thought that if I had created her, was I not her father? But that was just wild philosophical nonsense, surely? My thoughts about her flicked through my mind as quick as beads of sweat fell to the floor from my forehead. I kept on jogging. I started running. 
Then it came to me that the reason I was so flummoxed from comprehending my dream girl was the fact that when I had initially created the vision, all my effort had gone in to looking at women from around the world and trying to piece one together from a fragmented world vision of all women. And so I had reaped the reward of what I had sewn, and God knows that I had heard Theodore explain this from The Secret enough times.
I ran too far. I was tired, and it was a long walk back. I stopped at beachfront cafes and read The Secret when I could calm my mind enough and bring it back from thoughts of my manifestation. I wanted to be with her now, so I started to pretend that she was with me in the cafes and we continued to be together on the walk between the cafes. It was the best date of my life and I had never been happier. I was so sure and certain that this relationship was going to happen, I was already believing that we were already an item, I really and truly believed. The problem was, that I wanted to rid myself of every fault and defect I could see and think of-I wanted to be a paragon of every virtue. I had a little bit of a belly that I needed to get rid of, so I joined a gym. I still liked a drink and the odd cigarette, so I downed my drink at a cafe and scrunched up the cigarettes and threw them into a bin. There were just so many things that I wanted to change about myself that I decided to wait until I got home to write them all down. I liked to write lists and tick things off the list to prove to myself I was achieving and going in the right direction. I wanted to be as perfect as I could before my vision of loveliness showed up and became a part of my life. Every cell was vibrating in my body at such a rate that I thought I was a different person. And maybe I was, after all, The Secret mentions that we change every cell in our bodies, so it was a fact: I was a new man, waiting for new things to come into my life. Before I left the last cafe for the final leg of my walk home, I took out my book and opened it randomly like it says, and you will find what you are looking for. And there it was, just the bit of advice I needed:

“When you want to attract a relationship, make sure your thoughts, words, actions, and surroundings don’t contradict your desires.”

I looked at some of the examples in the book and made sure I was not contradicting my desires. I cleaned up the flat. I scrubbed it from top to bottom. I was even a little cheeky, as I went and bought a new tooth brush, just in case she had to stay unexpectedly one night. I did a strange thing on the following Saturday-I didn’t go. I just didn’t feel ready, I needed another week to polish up all the little defects I had. Still had a bit of a stomach, so I ran harder at the gym, doing interval training. I just wanted that extra bit of fitness, that extra bit of confidence. I needed every bit of extra that was going, because there was always a small voice in the background, saying she was out of my league, and part of me knew that she was, but I could make up for any deficiencies by working that bit harder, but I needed some more time.



Chapter 14


I missed the week after that as well. I just wanted to be perfect. I wanted to be fit. I wanted to be wise-I was reading philosophy and novels as fast as I could. I would go to bed early, and get up early. I would go for a run, do some reading, then go to the gym, meditate, read some chapters of my novel, have a little snooze, then continue like that until I went to bed before doing it all again the following day. Some nights I would decry myself about not packing enough into the day. I started to learn Italian. Making sumptuous vegetarian meals...I was driving myself in all disciplines like an elite athlete in each discipline. But I never lost sight of the ultimate goal, or the medal, to continue with the athletic analogy. 
I was sitting in the vegetarian restaurant on the third Saturday in a row after missing the meeting, when a voice said, “Is this seat taken?”
I looked up and saw Theodore with his hand stretched out and a deep smile on his face. 
“Wow, yeah, looking good, my man. You have obviously been working out.”
“Wow, yeah,” I mimicked, “you’re sure sounding Californian.”
We were both so glad to see each other. The conversation flowed so easily. Theodore and I already had a tacit belief that we were friends, but that day truly cemented it. I was more than pleased when he asked if I fancied going to his private club in the evening to have a work out and then some dinner and more chat. I don’t think I had ever looked forward with as much relish to anything. 
That evening I took a taxi to the club, as I still had no car of my own. The taxi began winding its way up the Hollywood Hills until we finally came upon a beautiful looking mansion. The grounds were immaculately kept and the crickets were chirping happily. I entered the foyer, which had a marbled floor, and all around were magnificent works of art. Milling around were good-looking people in the prime of health. Praise the Lord I had been working out, as I would have felt like a shabby tramp had I not. Even so, I still felt a little lower than the rest. This place just seemed to sing of health, happiness and wealth, but the fact that I was standing there and not feeling too beneath it all was testament to the regime I was following. 
I told the receptionist that I was waiting for Theodore. She replied that I should go and sit in the bar and have a drink as he was yet to arrive. The word bar was no adequate description of where I sat and had a cool drink of sparkling water. Even their water tasted healthier than water I had ever drank before. I wanted to say that there was also a buffet, but buffet was nowhere near the right word for what was on offer in that bar. 
I was swept away by peaceful meditation before I heard a familiar voice say, “Is this seat taken?”
“No, it certainly is not. It is reserved for a good friend of mine,” I replied.
“I am so sorry about being so late,” said Theodore. I really am so sorry.”
“I didn’t know that you were,” I replied.
“I then realized that I had literally been in a deep meditative state. It was like coming out of a restful deep sleep, but still trying to get a grip on my surroundings. The crickets were chirping a lullaby. The water from the fountains fell softly, and occasional wafts of delightful mountain air that undulated around caressed my very soul with every intake of breath. 
“Ready for a workout?” 
“Theodore, mate, I am just too relaxed at the minute, and...
“Don’t worry,” he cut in. “It won’t be too strenuous. Remember what the good book says. Theodore opened up his book and read from The Secret like I’d seen him do so many times at the Saturday meetings. 

“Our body is really the structure of our thoughts. We’re beginning to understand in medical science the degree to which the nature of thoughts and emotions actually determines the physical substance and structure and function of our bodies.”

“So what I do, Ramon, when I come here, I generally take ten to twenty minutes of deep visualization about how I want my body to be, then do some stretching, some weights and some swimming. Do you want to join me in this?”
I jumped at the chance of going back into my meditation. When we were through with visualizing our ideal shapes and fitness, we then did our workout based on Theodore’s regime, and it was so much less strained than my grasping for perfection, that I decided to incorporate it immediately. 
At dinner, among the beautiful, I was beginning to feel a little less ugly than I had when I had walked through the door initially. I began to tell Theodore about my creation, and he was ecstatic for me. I asked him about me being the father of that thought, and he laughed like I had never seen him laugh before. When he finally managed to stop laughing, he told me that I wasn’t so much the father of the thought, it was more like making space for the manifested thought to be able to exist in your own personal world. Then I started to laugh like I have never laughed before.
When I had finished laughing, I composed myself and asked him if he thought it really possible that a leopard could change its spots. 
“Do you think that a man can change, or does he only pretend to change, and eventually he will revert to type?” 
“Yes, I know for sure that it is possible to change, but it does take constant hard work, but it definitely is possible. I have done it, and you are doing it. However, if you let go of your knowledge, or forget it, of course you will return to type. Knowledge is only power when it is being used. Napoleon Hill said that you must take possession of your own mind, and he is correct. Only those who can take possession of their mind can accomplish what they really want.”
“Napoleon Hill?”
“Yes, he was one of the first to lay down a popular form of the secret.”
“But he’s not in The Secret.”
“No, and I don’t know why he isn’t. But he was one of the first to talk about the secret in his book Think and Grow Rich. He also said that there are really only two types of people: Those that are awake and aware and maintaining possession of their mind, and those that are just moving along through life by hypnotic habit. Think how sad that is, to be living unconsciously from habit alone. Many people achieve a fair bit by living a life of perpetual habit, like a rat on a wheel-why do you think we use the term rat race, for example? But imagine the life you could live if you had total possession of your mind? Just imagine it, and then live it. But listen, I tell you now, Ramon, it is easier to rule a kingdom than it is to rule your mind.” 
I found I could not sleep that night, because I kept going over what Theodore had said, and I realised I had been hypnotically wasting time as a dead man living.



Chapter 15


The following afternoon I was sitting in my favorite vegetarian restaurant, eating my new favourite sandwich of falafel, bean sprouts, avocado and truffle oil, when I heard a voice say, “Is this seat taken?” I looked up and was about to say no problem in response to the female voice. I froze solid in my seat when I saw that it was none other than my manifestation. I said nothing, but knew that I was staring straight into her eyes for what seemed an interminable time, suspended in frozen isolation from the world of vegetarian cuisine. After a time she moved her eyebrows upwards, and said: “Well, may I.”
I held out my hand and said, “Ramon,” and she replied, “Hermosa.” 
“That’s interesting,” I said, “it means beautiful in Spanish, doesn’t it? 
“Yes, but it is an old version of Spanish, not really used anymore. Impressive! How do you know Spanish? 
“I did a year in Bilbao. I studied Spanish and Philosophy.”
Interesting! So what do you do for a living?”
“Bricklaying.”
“Bricklaying, can’t say I expected that, and the degree in Spanish and Philosophy?
“Well, I can now lay bricks whilst speaking nonsense in a foreign language.”
Hermosa started to laugh with so much beauty and charm that I just wanted to watch her, but I finally motioned with my hand for her to sit down, which she did while still laughing. I stared at my falafel sandwich as I thought I had hit a height far too early, and anything I said from now on would just go down from here. I was glad that I had done so much work on myself, and the meeting with Theodore the day before had certainly helped, otherwise I could have been driveling like a raving idiot. Fortunately she opened the dialogue next by asking me where I had been concerning the meetings. 
I lied and said I’ve been looking for work in a stuttering voice. Every time I managed to look at her, it was never more than a few seconds, as it was just too much to see my manifestation occupying the seat and space in front of me. Her eyes were a light emerald green, and, for the life of me, I just could not work out her ancestry. Once I had plucked up enough courage to ask her, she was slightly indignant, I suppose because she had been asked so many times before, but she relented and just said that her grandparents were Chinese, Russian, Colombian, and Trinidadian, which explained so much, but not everything, as she failed to say anything about her parents, but I left it there. As I gradually calmed down and warmed up, I started to forget that she was my manifestation, and so the conversation naturally flowed to places unexpected. We started to converse as if we were connected at a level of being that I had never come across before. Lengthy dialogue and pointless words and phrases gave way to measured knowing nods and winks.
Once we had eaten our lunch, I asked if she fancied a walk along the Ocean Front Walk. As we were walking along, I suddenly realized that we had already done this before. It happened just like I had imagined it to be like, and when I told her, she was so pleased that it just bonded us further. We walked so far that we had to take a taxi back to Venice beach. We decided to have a bite to eat after next Saturday’s meeting. That night I tried to piece the day together, but I couldn’t quite make a fit, but what I did know was that it seemed that Hermosa and me had known each other for a lifetime, but that lifetime had lasted just a second. 
The month that followed was the happiest and most exciting that I had ever lived, and I would go as far as saying that that month was happier than all the happy moments added together from my previous life. I say previous life, because when I thought about it, which wasn’t too often, it really was like a previous life, or closer to the truth, someone else’s life. 
 Within such a short space of time, Hermosa and I were inseparable, and I was so pleased that I’d had the foresight and bought that extra toothbrush.



Chapter 16



Although almost everything was the best it had ever been, there was one thing that was almost the worst it had ever been, yeah, even in my darkest hours I could pick up money by bricklaying, but now I was unable to do that, as it could, and probably would, send my thought patterns hurtling in the wrong direction. But it was a dilemma, nevertheless. If I stuck to my plan of not doing brickwork again, I might have to go back to England and find something, because my money was rapidly dwindling. Wait a minute. What on earth had I been thinking? How have I failed to open my book and see what it says about money? So, as the good book says, just randomly open it and you will find your answer. I took in a huge gulp of air and let it out gradually, then opened the page and read the first thing my eyes settled on, and to my astonishment I read: “If you are seeking an answer or guidance on something in your life, ask the question, believe you will receive, and then open this book randomly. At the exact place where the pages fall open will be the guidance and answer you are seeking.”
I started to laugh from the depth of my soul, and as I continued to laugh, all the stress that had been built up from my stress concerning my financial situation just passed away from me. The universe had come up trumps again. When I thought I needed to concentrate more on money, the universe knew that I needed a bloody good laugh instead. I decided to let the thought of money wait until tomorrow. Tonight I would call Mick and take him for a beer, but I certainly would not be asking for any brickwork jobs.”

......
  
The following Saturday after the meeting, Hermosa invited me to the vegetarian restaurant, but I declined as my money was worryingly low. Instead we went for a walk down Ocean Front Walk. On the way I told Hermosa that I might have to return to England, as my money had almost run out. She just listened and smiled. 
“Well,” she said, “I think your financial situation is about to change for the better, as I have a proposal for you.” A part of me heard proposal and I was hoping that she would suggest that we get married, but the word financial brought me back to the moment, and if I am being honest, I was far more in need of a cash relationship than a human one at this juncture, so I listened to what she had to say. 
“I want to be my own boss, and I want to see if I can...no, I am determined to build my own business from scratch. I am going to build the fastest courier business in LA, by motorbike and bicycle, and I would like your help with it. So, what do you think? There will be hardly any outlay, as everyone will have to have their own mode of transport. All we have to do is get the contracts and show how quick and professional we are compared to other courier businesses.”
I smiled from the depth of my soul, thrusting both hands in the air and shouting “yes, yes, most definitely yes.” We spent the next few hours formulating a plan with achievable steps. The following week we rented a room in an office block in Venice Beach. We bought some basic furniture and a telephone and I could not believe how happy I was. As I looked around our Spartan little office and became aware of my dream of working in an office materialising all around me. Then I remembered a passage from The Secret: 

“Everything that’s coming into your life you are attracting into your life. And it’s attracted to you by virtue of the images you’re holding in your mind. It’s what you’re thinking. Whatever is going on in your mind you are attracting to you.” 

I felt a small tear of relief, trickle down my cheek. 
“Are you okay?” Said Hermosa. 
“I just feel overwhelmed,” I replied. 
“Overwhelmed?”
“Yes, but overwhelmed in a magnificent way. I have just realised that doing The Secret does bring you what you think about into manifestation. I thought about working in an office, and I thought about you, and here you both are.”
Paula gave me a hug and said, “It is all coming true for me too. But we must not get blasé about what we have manifested so far, we must now put...”
“Gratitude in place,” I interrupted, and we both laughed from our mutual understanding.” Hermosa whipped out The Secret from her bag and opened it randomly. She smiled and showed me the passage from the page: Gratitude is absolutely the way to bring more into your life.”
So we went to the beach, held hands, and gave deep sincere thanks to Rhonda Byrne and her contributors for planting the thought seeds to make The Secret readily available to ordinary folk like us.



Chapter 17


Hermosa had shown me her plan of manifesting her dream in achievable steps, and the next step was to kit out our office. An office! Not only were we about to kit it out, but we were going to work in it. I knew this sounded like madness to people who have worked in an office all their lives, but to me, this was one of my long time cherished goals. It was the reward of planting thought seeds and having them flourish and bloom before my very eyes. All of those years when I was stood shivering on a windswept scaffold, were now going to be a long forgotten nightmare. Life is just so simple and amazing when one uses The Secret. When I thought about it, I probably subconsciously knew The Secret before it was ever written - after all, it says that this is ancient stuff, and people used the knowledge long before it was so neatly packaged by Rhonda. When I looked back at my old visualizations and images though, they were drained of colour, and were put out into the universe with a low vibrational, almost nonexistent expectation. 
Once we were settled in the office, we immediately began interviewing some riders and put them on our books in preparation for the orders we had visualized. Theodore had told me about Napoleon Hill’s book, Think and Grow Rich, which talked about a mastermind group. A mastermind group is all about pooling talent with others and using their connections, knowledge and education for a common purpose. And this what Hermosa and I did. Just like Henry Ford and his wife did when they started out. We started to call local businesses and after three days we got our first client contract. Ironically it was an office that wanted their daily lunch order delivered from our favorite vegetarian restaurant. It really was incredible to see how the universe was so connected by everything and how it all just made so much sense. By the end of six months, we had over one hundred and fifty riders on our books, and we had such a good reputation, we were being trusted by Hollywood to deliver scripts to Hollywood royalty, and a sandwich to an accountant and everything in between. One woman, who used us regularly, asked me about whether we could help her move, as she had many valuable antiques, and did not want to trust that mission to the bog standard removal people in the area. I said I would organize it for her, and from that move to her new home started my idea of us branching out into removals. We called it You Way or the Highway and it proved to be a very successful and lucrative. 
We started out by moving people in and around the Los Angeles environs, but soon branched out into Northern California, and then nationwide. Paula had the good idea of franchising Your Way or the Highway, and at the end of the first year of trading we had offices in San Francisco, Cleveland, Ohio, and Silver Spring, Maryland. The ever expanding business was not the only thing we were celebrating, we were now married and expecting our first child. I felt invincible. Sometimes I tried to remember the times when I was on my own in bedsits and having to lay bricks for a living. The images were so alien to me, that it was just like a novelist trying to capture a person from the imagination and give them life. But I soon dispelled that thought from my mind as I did not want my sub consciousness to pick up on anything like that. If that wasn’t enough to be getting along with, Theodore of the church of praxis asked me to do the occasional talk on a Saturday morning as an example of a success story that had followed his program, and which I was more than happy to do. We were living in Venice Beach but I wanted to live in Malibu. So I sat and meditated and put the thought of moving up in our scale of earnings to be able to afford to live there. Once little Paulo was born, Hermosa started to stay at home and became a true stay at home mother. I was the one at work, but we had so many loyal and trusted staff in position, that my time in my office was spent visualizing new ideas to lift us in to the realm of high earners that would get us that house.



Chapter 18


I was staring through my office window one day, appreciating the baby blue clear sky, when I received a call from Charlotte, our receptionist. She said there was a Juan Luis Mandero in reception, and he would like to talk to me about a business proposition. So yet again I was witness to the ever reliable universe coming to my aid when I impressed my thoughts upon it. I just knew that something big was coming. I was not wrong. Charlotte knocked and in came Juan towering in behind her. I’m just over six feet, but this was a solid marblesque statue of a man, one of those men that make you feel a little less adequate. He was wearing an expensive suit and I had no idea of the make, and aftershave that was like nothing I had smelled before, and was obviously expensive too. Above the collar of his obviously expensive shirt were the beginnings of a tattoo either side of his neck. “I don’t know about you,” said Juan, “I’m a little peckish, and I’d like to invite you for a bite of lunch, that is if you are not too busy?” Any excuse to leave the office was a good one, so I agreed. We went to a sushi bar in Juan’s Maserati. As we watched the sushi come round and round on the turntable, I asked Juan what he had in mind, and how might I help him. He responded by telling me that he would like to take on a franchise of our trucks in east LA. I asked him what his present business was, as he certainly looked like he had a lucrative one, considering his attire and car. “The thing is,” he said, “I have done so well in this country, I want to give something back to my compatriots that come across the border and have such a hard time getting started. I give them loans that have less interest attached to them than the banks offer, and I have a furniture factory that makes furniture at a reasonable price, and now, with your help, I want to set up a removal system that can help them relocate easily across the country.” 
“That is very altruistic,” I said. 
“Well, listen brother” he came back, “I don’t know what that means, but I’m assuming it means I’m generous, yeah. Listen, I’ve got so much money now, and I remember how hard my parents struggled, I do not want to see that again, if I can help it.” 
“How many trucks would you want,” I said. 
“To begin with, about seven, I was thinking.” 
“Seven, that’s a large start?  At the moment, we only have a couple of trucks here that are spare. And by the way, not that I want to lose business, but I thought a man like you would just start his own removals.” 
“No, it’s not my type of business. But the main thing is that your company, Your Way Or The Highway, has got such a professional way about it, and everyone notices these trucks throughout the country, and wants to be moved by them, because you offer a brilliant service with polite hardworking crews. So I want my people to know that they are being moved by the best.” 
“The problem with getting seven trucks bought and getting the livery done is going to take some time and money,” I told him. 
“No matter,” said Juan, “I am happy to put down $200,000 to the cause this very day, if that would help move things along. I will literally buy the trucks, but I will then continue to rent the name off you. I don’t like to wait and hang about for too long. This is very important to me. So whatever the trucks cost and the livery, you can work out the rent and whatever is left, you can keep for future rent, if there is anything left over, just let me know.” 
So that very afternoon, Juan handed me a cheque for $200,000.



Chapter 19


I called Hermosa when I was back in the office and told her what had happened, and that now we could think about buying that house in Malibu. Paula was so excited and said that she would contact realtors immediately and start to view some houses. Finally we decided on a beautiful house overlooking the Pacific Ocean. Our neighbors consisted of Hollywood A listers and famous attorneys. Soon we had another child, a little girl called Majorca, and things were the best they had ever been. I wondered what to think about next, what else could I possibly want more than I already had? But there had to be something, because I knew that evolution had to be forever changing for the betterment of the human race, and I believed I was one of the pioneers for that betterment. I decided, though, as I had so much money coming in, I still had no real power or respect, so this idea was what I started to imprint upon the universe as a way of moving my new dreams and desires forward. I wanted to effect life. I wanted to make a difference. And the only way I could do that was with increased power and respect. 
But as much as I thought about power and respect, I could not find a way of thinking that was exactly what I was imagining. Then it came to me, I decided to give Juan a call and meet up with him. He was obviously well respected within his community, and so I decided I would go and discuss it with him. 
He agreed, so I went over to his offices. He said I could spend the day with him, and maybe that would help me decide on my path into having respect and power. The main thing he talked about that day, or my first lesson from him, was that you had to divest yourself of every weakness you could find. 
“I’ve noticed,” he said, “is that you keep nipping outside for a cigarette. When you do, the first thing that goes through my mind,” he continued, “is that you are a slave to tobacco, and this as a weakness.”
“Yeah, I know. I had given up, but lately I’ve gone back to them.” 
“Do you drink,” he continued. 
“Well,” I said, “only when we have a celebration or something.” 
“Why do you celebrate with a drug? It is just another weakness. Sure, you can celebrate after you have acquired something or other, but why do you have to poison yourself because you have succeed in something? It just doesn’t make any sense.” I had to agree, as when he was telling me this, I suddenly felt less than him, as I was ultimately a drug addict, and any addict, when it is brought up, and he realizes what he is doing, immediately feels guilty and a lesser person until he has overcome the addiction. I had seen this happen so many times in England, when I was in AA. An alcoholic struggles initially, before gaining strength and a new found joy for life, when the healing process begins and the alcoholic no longer has the urge to damage himself by drinking dangerously. And so I vowed that when I had smoked my last cigarette, I would stop smoking again. What I heard from Juan had such an effect on me that I went home and ordered all manner of weights and exercise machines for the house. I threw out my cigarettes and vowed a new regime of fitness for myself. I poured all the strong drink down the sink. As one month gave way to the next, I found my mind and body returning to the levels I had before I officially started to date Hermosa. But this time I went further. My body was defined, and I could run with power. My mind was leading the way for the body, as it was calm and my thoughts had a definite purpose about them. Even so, sometimes I stood on the decking and looked out at the ocean, then back at our beautiful home with sureness of mind that I had earned all I had by an effort of thinking right; but there were times, I admit, when I started to think about myself as a bricklayer, and this immediately began to diminish the faith in myself. It was on those occasions I wanted to reach for a drink. Occasionally I succumbed and went for a drinking session - I just could not completely remove this damaging trait from myself. But they never lasted for more than three days at any one time. The problem was, I loved to drink at home alone, when Hermosa took the children to see her relatives. I just enjoyed sitting on the decking and staring into the sea and sky, without the effort of thinking. 



Chapter 20
  


Things were going well. We had branched out into air and train freight. Juan had invested in the business. We were making more money than I had ever imagined possible. It was just raining down on us. Juan was also overseeing the day to day running, as I found out that I did not like business. He was doing a bloody good job, because the sums of money coming in were getting larger and larger. Then I got a call from Theodore. 
“Hey, Ramon.”
“Theodore, good to hear from you. Long time no hear.”
“Yeah, a long time. Need to speak to you, Ramon.”
“What’s up, Theodore, you sound a little serious?” 
“Listen, can we meet? I don’t want to speak too long on the phone.”
“Why?”
“Can we meet tomorrow at twelve in our favourite restaurant?
The phone went dead.
I was sure that he meant the vegetarian place, where we first met, but I called him back, just to make sure.
The phone rang and rang.
I couldn’t get my head around the phone call from Theodore. I’d never heard him sound so serious. It was off-putting. I found the call so unsettling, that I decide not to tell Hermosa about it. I couldn’t sleep, so I told her that I was creating new thought seeds, and was going to spend the night on the decking, perfecting them. She was used to that. 
I was up early and drove to Venice Beach and went for a long walk along the Ocean Front Walk, trying to think what could be so urgent, and why Theodore did not want to talk on the phone. I got to the restaurant before twelve and ordered my usual falafel sandwich. Although I had regressed with tobacco and alcohol, I had remained a vegetarian. I saw Theodore through the window. He came in and sat down. I said, “Sorry, mate, but that seat is taken.” He only nodded at my joke, which worried me further. 
When the waiter asked him what he wanted to eat, and he said just water, in an offhand way, I knew that something heavy was coming. 
“What’s the matter, Theodore?”
“Ramon, listen to me carefully. There is no easy way to put this, but your partner...”
‘Juan...”
“Yes, Juan. I have it from good authority that he is a massive drug baron.”
“What?”
“Yes, apparently he is Mexico’s answer to Pablo Escobar. He is using Your Way or the Highway as a cover for importing and selling drugs.”
“Who told you this? How do you know?”
“I’m not at liberty to say who exactly, but I can tell you it has come from a high ranking police official who is not on his pay role. I’ve been sworn to secrecy, but I had to tell you as a friend. You need to get out Ramon.”
“Out!”
“Leave the country. Get your family out as quick as you can.”
“Fuck me!”
“I thought he was making furniture?”
“He is, but he’s packing mattresses and the like with high grade coke, and sending them off through the country. And the freight arm of the business is...”
“Bringing it in?”
“Yes. He is the supreme boss of the Cucarachas. And their motto is...”
“Everywhere and unstoppable.”
“Ramon, I hate to say this, but I have to go.”
Theodore stood up and held out his hand. He thought he had got away with it, but I definitely saw at least one tear trickle down his bronzed chiseled cheek. 

......
  
I was stunned. I sat in the restaurant for far too long before I came to my senses and thought about Hermosa and the children. I drove like a maniac back to Malibu. I couldn’t tell Hermosa, I had to have time to think things through, although how much time, god only knew. I said I had had a business proposition from Theodore, and so I was going to the decking, probably for the night. I’d bought a bottle of whisky on the way home. By morning I had no idea, but I did have a hangover. I bought a gun. I had never held a gun before, let alone shot one. I was becoming increasingly paranoid. Hermosa was so happy and the children loved their way of life. I hid the worry from them as best as I could. Part of my company was now in the business of drug running throughout the country, and I did not know what to do. From the beach back to the house, there was a stairway that took you to the garden. Each step was a large flag stone. One evening, when Hermosa was bathing the kids, I went and sat on of the steps that was out of sight of the house. I lifted a stone and dug a hole with a garden trowel, and placed the gun in a polythene bag, put it in the hole, and replaced the stone. If I was going to be attacked at home, that gun was going to be no good, but it still made me feel slightly better about my chances, knowing I had relatively easy access to a firearm. I could not rest and settle, as my mind was asking me for an answer to the massive problem I had. I begun to go on a bogus tour of the franchises around the country, at least that is what I told Hermosa. I would go to a place where they had our franchise, just in case Hermosa noticed my credit card payments, but I would go nowhere near the depot. I stayed in the hotel and got drunk like a coward. Before the night was through, I would blub like a baby, not because of the cucurachas’ involvement, but because I had left Hermosa and the children alone at home. 
As time went on, the coward that was a part of me, became more powerful than being a brave husband and a father. I kept looking at a particular photo in my phone, a picture of me, Juan and what I now knew as cucurachas, standing and smiling outside his furniture factory. We were all giving the sign of the cucuracha, a clenched fist with the thumb pointing down - he told me it was a sign of friendship from his hometown in Mexico. I wanted help, but I didn’t know where to turn, and I also did not want to talk to the wrong person, who might take it upon themselves to tell the police, whether I wanted them to or not. Whatever I decided to do, and it was going to have to be something, my world, I knew, was going to come crashing down. 



Chapter 21


Early one spring evening, Juan called me and asked me and my family to a barbecue at his Beverly Hills mansion. I felt I had no other option but to go, but I wasn’t going to take Hermosa and the kids, so I told him Majorca was ill, and I would come alone for a bit just to show my face. On the way I thought that this might be it, and I would not return from his house. But this thought did not seem to be so bad, as Hermosa and the children would be free of the problem and the investigation would begin and she would not be connected to the cancer within the company. I explained to her where I was going and who I was going to meet, just in case I did not return, and the authorities would be able to work out what had taken place. When I arrived, Juan was in good spirits, and invited me in to his office and offered me a drink. I took a large whisky to help calm my nerves. He then beckoned to his obvious bodyguard to bring in a suitcase. He placed it on the table in front of me and opened it. “There is $3,000,000,” he said, “and you deserve every penny.” He then took out his phone, gave it to his accomplice, and took a picture of me and him with the money. “Things are going well,” he said. 
“Not for me,” I replied. “I’m worried about Majorca.” 
“What am I going to do with three million in cash?” 
“Whatever you like.”
“No, I mean where am I gonna put it.”
“You must have a safe in your Malibu home,” he said, “put it there. Everyone has a safe full of money for tax purposes, no?”
I didn’t want to disturb the proceedings, so I asked him to keep it in his office until I had eaten some food and schmoozed a bit before enough time had passed before I could legitimately leave. I followed Juan out in to the garden and saw there was a massive turnout. Within half an hour I had been introduced to an assortment of police officers, politicians, and various cucurachas and their families. Then Juan told me that he was running for mayor, which took me by surprise. I poured myself another whisky and sat myself down at one of the tables and realized that my thought seeds had created this scenario. Here was respect and power at my fingertips. Half of me felt like lapping it up, but the other half was full of fear, as it was astonishing and worrying that I was even in this position. I thought I was out of my league, but the other half kept telling me that I was not here by chance, I had been invited and had just been given a briefcase packed full of money. I texted Hermosa and told her to call me back and ask me to get some medicine for Majorca. Fortunately I had had the insight of telling her that I might need an excuse for me to leave, so she did it without any bother. I immediately deleted my text, got up and moved closer to Juan. The phone rang and I answered quite loudly. When I had finished I walked over to Juan and told him that I was sorry, but I would have to leave as poor little Majorca was coughing badly.
“No problem. I hope she will be fine,” he said.
“So do I.”
We shook hands. I was about to turn and walk away, when he said, “Ramon, don’t forget your briefcase. Hold on. Miguel, go fetch Ramon’s briefcase from the office.” Soon Miguel had returned with the suitcase in his hand and gave it to me. I walked to my car clutching $3,000,000 in cash.



Chapter 22


I doubt no one had ever been so demoralized in having $3,000,000 in the boot of their car as I felt that fateful day. For what is that much money worth when you are beholden to a drug trafficker, and your life and family were going to be in constant peril from that day forward. I needed to relieve my burden to someone who might understand and give me advice on how to extricate myself from this insidious position that I found myself in. All the way home I was thinking that the money in the boot was drug money and had traces of drugs all over it. I was paranoid about being pulled over. The sense of paranoia heightened when I started to think that Juan and his newfound cop friends had planned this and would pull me over. I wanted rid of it, but how? The more I thought about it, the worse it became, because I kept seeing more police cars than was usual on my drive home, and I knew that my paranoid thought seeds were producing them. 
 I finally made it home with my heart beating faster than I’d ever known it to, even when I was off my head on coke. I wished I had some now to help my mind think quicker. Drug money and drugs came into my mind and nothing else. I wanted all references of drugs to be gone from my mind, as they were bringing me back to a place I had long left behind. It was fortunate that when I got in I saw a note from Hermosa that said she had gone shopping. Fortunately a sensible thought managed to make its way through, it kept on telling me, “The Secret, The Secret. My god, I thought, why had I forgotten that? I rushed upstairs to my bedside cabinet, sat on the bed and opened it randomly, and obviously found exactly what I was looking for. 

“The anti-drug movement has actually created more drugs. Because we’re focusing on what we don’t want - drugs.”

I must get rid of this drug money soon, I thought to myself, but where was I going to dispose of it? Then it came to me. I would walk down to the beach, swim out, and then just let it go. I went and took it out from the boot, and wheeled it into the house. The suitcase was a plastic affair with wheels. So to make it sink faster, I went and got a couple of stones from a water feature on the decking and put them inside. It was already dusk as I looked both ways down the beach. I couldn’t see anyone, so I grabbed the case after stripping down to my pants, and pulled it down the beach to the edge of the Pacific Ocean. In I went, dragging the suitcase with me. I was a good swimmer, so it wasn’t much of an effort. I kept on going, farther than I thought was necessary. When I got to the point where I thought I was well and truly far enough from the beach, I let the suitcase slip from my nervous hands. But it didn’t drop like I assumed it would. It seemed to be hanging just below the surface. So I grabbed the handle and undid the zip a few inches. I was treading water and looking at the suitcase, it had gone down a bit, and I gave it a kick, but it just turned round and round for a bit until I could see it no longer. I stayed out for some time before I was sure that it had sank to the bottom, then I swam back to the beach. When I was able to put my feet down on the sand, I started to walk back to the shore. Just before I bent down to pick up my clothes, I looked up at the house and saw Hermosa and the kids waving to me. It didn’t look unusual to them as I often went for a swim.



Chapter 23


Now that I had disposed of the drug money, I felt less of a rat, and more like a mouse, but for me that was taking a small step forward. Now it was time for me to tell Hermosa what had happened. Once she had taken the children to bed, I opened a bottle of red wine. I had to gulp a fair bit down before I got the balls to tell her all that had happened. Although she didn’t blame me for any of it, I had to correct her and tell her that I had laid thought seeds for power and respect, and that is why we were now in this predicament. It was Hermosa that came up with the idea of flying to Europe and doing a tour of the great cities there. We would get away, let the dust settle, and come up with an idea of what to do next. The main thing was that the children would be safe there. Fortunately we had been to London to show the kids off, so we all had passports. Hermosa got on the phone and found a flight to London for the following day. She then went and packed, while I went and sat on the decking, trying to calm myself with more wine. I then got the idea to ring Theodore. I called him and the phone went to the answering machine. 
“Theodore, you have been a major influence in my life, and I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I hope we will see each other soon. We are going to London for a few weeks. Thanks for everything, Ramon, Hermosa, and family.” 
I didn’t know then, but poor Theodore was lying face down on his living room floor with blood pouring from a bullet wound from the back of his head as two cucurachas stood listening to my voice. On the morning of the holiday, we were putting our luggage in the car before making our way to LAX for our flight to London. After the last piece of luggage was put in the back of the truck, I told Hermosa that I needed to go back to the house because I had forgotten The Secret. She said that she would turn the car around in the drive. Okay I said, but I will drive to the airport. It wasn’t the sound of the explosion that lives with me to this day, it was the orange-red glow that licked the living room’s walls and reminded me of a satanic ballroom glitter ball doing its worst. When the police arrive I was inconsolable. Later, when I tried to tell them who did it, they said they had some more bad news for me. They told me that they knew I had been deported from the states as Ray Dennis. There seemed only a faux sympathy from the LAPD and FBI for my terrible loss. I wasn’t even allowed to stay for the funeral. They wanted me gone as quick as you like. I knew all too well that some of these people, especially the higher-ups, were on Juan’s payroll.



Chapter 24


On that long flight from LA to Heathrow the image of the fireball glow on the walls of the living room haunted me as it was the reflection of my children and wife burning in the car. At Heathrow, amid the hustle and bustle of a grey airport, I went and booked a hotel room at the Heathrow Hilton with the cash I had in my wallet for the European trip. Through a drunken veil of tears, shaking, and tiredness, I had to force myself out of bed and take as much of the money out of my account before the American authorities froze it. Incredibly, I got a fair amount out. I did laugh, however, when I saw a Sky news report that the US coastguard in Los Angeles had recovered a suitcase from the ocean with almost $500,000 dollars in it.



Chapter 25


One morning, on my way to the airport cash machines, I saw a flight to Malaga and could not take my eyes off it. I went back to the hotel and checked out, and waited for the flight. When I set foot in Malaga I got in a cab and asked him to take me to a remote village where I could find peace and where I could rent a villa. He said that he had a cousin that was looking to rent a farmhouse. It was way up in the mountains, some forty minutes from Malaga, if I was interested. He said that it was set among olive and lemon trees and was very peaceful. I told him that that would be very good as I was a writer and I was writing a book. When we arrived in the small village, it was exactly like he had said. From the house the only other houses that could be seen were in the valley way below. He phoned his brother while we waited for him to arrive. We went and had a drink in the local bar which was akin to a dusty old bar in a western film. When his brother turned up, we all went back to the farmhouse to have a look. It was old and decorated in the old Andalusian style. We agreed a price and I rented the farmhouse for six months. I wanted to be left alone in my grief and try to come to terms with what had happened. I had yet to grieve properly. The sickening feeling of loss and isolation could not be consoled and so I let it all wash over me as there was no other choice. It was all I could do to get to the local store that was a drive away. I had rented a car and it was an effort to drive. I mainly bought wine and food that did not have to be cooked. When six months were up, I rented the farmhouse for another six months. In that six months I began to feel I needed to at least be nearby people, even though I did not want to speak to them. So every time I went and got supplies, I used to go into the dusty old bar and have a drink before going home. The bar was an empty Spanish bar, with a faux marble floor, a stainless steel bar, and cheap plastic tables and chairs dotted about randomly. As time went on, I realised that the clientele was made up of a peculiar mix of Spanish pensioners, Spanish farmers, Guardia Civil, and so-called English gangsters, because I was more than familiar with proper ones. With the English at the front end of the bar, and the Guardia civil at the other, it was like a standoff between rival gangs in a western film. I never got involved with any of them, but I could tell that the English element was more interested in me than the Spanish contingent. This was probably because they were up to no good and wondered who the new man was. This place was so out of the way, and had such a dodgy feel about it, that it seemed you would only be there if you had business on the illegal side of life. 



Chapter 26


It got to the point where I deliberately went in to be mysterious, trying to freak them out, as I had nothing better to do. I also had so much anger that was knotted up deep inside of me like a vicious ball, just waiting for a reason to express itself. And I was more than ready for that to be the case, sooner rather than later. Someone was going to pay for the demise of my family, and as I couldn’t get my hands on Juan, some other bandit was likely to pay the price. It became quite the obsession with me. The ragtag mob wanted to find out more about me, that was for sure, but they couldn’t get a thing out of me, and there was no one that they could ask. My obsession took over my grief, for the best part of time, although I was always taken and overcome by the grief when I returned to the farmhouse. One day I entered the bar and it was obvious that the English pseudo gangsters had been drinking for some time. As I entered the bar, the man who was the mouthiest and loudest, and who the other cronies seemed to look up to, shouted out, “ere he is, why doesn’t someone just knock him out?” This induced a raucous laugh from the rest of them. As I walked to my familiar seat in the middle of the bar, I passed one of them. We stopped and stared at each other and he looked away first. 
I went to the bar to order another glass of wine, and then saw that the bull, a thuggish looking bald headed fuck, was now staring at me. So I stared at him, before turning away and ordering my glass of wine. I turned and he was still staring at me. The jibes kept on coming. Their leader, who smoked joint after joint, kept on making the case for someone to come and do me, as he put it. As much as he kept on, the only thing I received was their staring, as they were not quite drunk enough to be the one that did it, and they were also held back by my not being in the slightest bit troubled by their threats. They also had the added concern of the Guardia Civil being in the bar. I felt, without having any concrete proof that the Spanish were rooting for me. I wanted to go home - not because I was scared, in fact the opposite was true, I just wanted to go home, but I couldn’t, I had to wait for more time to pass before that could happen. When I thought that enough time had passed to warrant an authentic exit, I got up and swigged the last of my wine, walked to the door, nodding to the Spanish barman before I left. Just as I reached the door I heard the joint-smoking twat yell “don’t come back, coz if you do, it will be your last visit.” Then all his troops chimed in like the sheep they were. I turned at the door and faced each one of them down, one after the other. I left the bar but kept the door open a couple of inches and looked back in. There was one of their crew who wasn’t mouthy or aggressive, the only one I had never had a problem with. As they were all laughing, I stared in and he looked and saw me standing, staring through the small gap between the door and the jamb. He looked away and said nothing, but I knew he would later tell them that I was not going to be so easily intimidated, and there was something different about me. In that bar I had never been heard to utter a word, apart from the first time I asked for a vino tinto. After that first time, I just put my glass down and waited for the barman to refill it.
I also never let on that I could speak Spanish. One day I heard the Spanish pensioners joke that maybe I was the one who would run the rest of the English scum out of town. Even though it was a joke, I felt like Clint Eastwood, when he is the lone man fighting a mob against all odds. Day by day I begun to take the role of Clint more seriously. When I went back to the farmhouse that night, I prayed to Hermosa and told her I was no longer going to be the victim: I was going to become a vigilante and now the thought I was going to impress upon the neutral ether was one of wrath and revenge. I couldn’t affect the cucarachas, but I was going to affect these twats that blighted this old, Andalusian village. I bought some weights from the supermarcado and began a daily regime of fitness. I could be seen running up and down the exhausting dirt track where I lived. I started to ingratiate myself with the local Spanish, and started to speak to them in Spanish, although there was never any depth, and it was always brief. I did not return to the bar as I wanted to put some distance of time between me and the English before I returned, and, as yet, I had no concrete plan, but all the while I was impressing my thoughts of revenge onto the ether. 



Chapter 27


A long time passed before a plan formulated in my head. Although I had turned myself into an intimidating, maniacal character, I needed to find a little crew of my own. I went to England to recruit a couple of intimidating guys I knew, namely Billy and Wally, identical twins and very scary. I found them on the gypsy campsite by my old school. I invited them out for a pint and told them what I wanted from them. They were to do nothing or say nothing, all they had to do was come out and walk around with me for a week. The majority of their time would be spent like any other holiday maker, and I would pay for everything. They jumped at the chance. After a couple of days I went back to the bar for the first time. I drove passed to make sure everyone I wanted to be in there was there. I had devised a hand gesture, similar to the one the cucurachas used, but my one was a hand across the mouth. We entered the bar. I went in first, and there began some murmuring, and a few fucking hells, he’s back again, but it was a lot less vocal than the last time. Members of the Guardia Civil were in there too. Billy and Wally walked in behind me. I got us all a drink, and then we just stood there, saying nothing. We finished our drink, and then, as planned, we just stood and faced the so-called English gangsters with supreme uncaring confidence. I then put my hand over my mouth and pointed at each one of them for a couple of seconds, before moving my finger and pointing at the next. I turned and went to leave the bar, singing as I did: “We plough the fields and scatter the good seed on the ground.” Billy and Wally stayed and put their hands over their mouths and then followed me out the bar. 

.....

I wasn’t sure exactly what I was doing, but I sensed that something deep had got into them after the mad gesturing we had just done. The week passed with me and Billy and Wally in tow. We sat in restaurants and bars and made out we were discussing business. We were, it was Billy and Wally’s asphalt business. No matter, it was the perception of discussing dubious and important business that I was wanting to portray. By the end of the week I was sensing around the village a different perception of me than before the week began. I dropped Billy and Wally at the airport and gave them a bonus. They said that any time I needed a bit of help, they were there for me. Arriving back at the farmhouse I felt that a time of waiting was necessary before making any more moves. The seeds had been sewn, and it was of no use digging them up before the green shoots of growth had begun to appear. 



Chapter 28


One afternoon I felt that it was time to make an appearance at the bar. It was a pleasant day and so I took my wine outside after the barman gave me a strange knowing look. I went outside and sat at a table and breathed in the invigorating mountain air. My eyes caught the notice board. Among the usual Spanish lessons and other village news was a picture of one of the English mob. The blood started to race through my body when I saw the main inscription below his badly photocopied picture: In loving memory of Johnny “the tower” Appleton. Gone but not forgotten by his loving family and friends.” I got up and took a closer look, as I could not make out the smaller writing underneath the inscription. 
“Our beloved Johnny had a shocking accident when his car came off the dangerous dirt road on the way to his house, and fell five hundred metres to his death. His funeral will be held at the local village church next Tuesday, and anyone that knew him is welcome to come and pay their respects. Ten thirty am.” 
This was a cause for a celebration, so I went to the local shop and bought some pretend champagne. I sat on my terrace and popped the cork, filled my glass, and toasted the tower’s death by holding my glass up to the sky and truly smiling from the depth of my soul. The first time I had even come close to smiling since Hermosa and the kids were blown apart; and that brought me back to the image of the living room walls bathed in the colour of flame. The very next time I went to the bar was on the day of the tower’s funeral. As I was standing there, looking out at the clear blue day, I heard the barman say, Señor, para ti. He slid a glass of wine over to me and motioned to the back of the room where two Guardia Civil stood, drinking coffee. They nodded and said salud. I picked up the glass, took a swig, and nodded in return. They then did something incomprehensible, they both put their hands to their mouths and did the gesture that me and the gypsy twins had done. I left that bar feeling invigorated that my thought seeds had been manifested in the world, yet again. But this was just the start of my vision and planting, so to bolster my thoughts, I took out my copy of The Secret and reread it to help me concentrate and enforce my future thoughts upon the universe. I randomly opened it: “Everything that’s coming into your life you are attracting into your life. And it’s attracted to you by virtue of the images you’re holding in your mind. It’s what you’re thinking. Whatever is going on in your mind you are attracting to you.”



Chapter 29


One morning there was a knock on my door. This was highly unusual, as no one had ever knocked on my door before. It was a Spanish guy who I had seen about occasionally - he seemed very secretive. He asked if I would like to be introduced to some people in Malaga. I never asked him for any details, I just took him up on the offer, and off we went. On arriving at a bar tucked away in the backstreets, I was introduced to a group of men of different nationalities, and they were obviously not perfect citizens. They told me they had heard about me and thought that we could do business. I never said much, just listened. I began to spend a large amount of time around these men. One day the boss mentioned to the group that he had had a message from a group of Italians that wanted to get some classic motors and send them to Italy. They wanted at least six to start with. As I was listening to the discussion about how and where to steal them, the image of the twat came to mind. He had a compound where he looked after the expensive cars of people who lived in the area around the village where I lived. Expats left them with him when they returned to their prospective homelands. I had never been in the compound, but on driving by, I could see that there were many cars in there. So I said that I knew a place where they could pick up a few motors without much trouble. And this was a good time to do it as there gang was reeling from a death in their ranks. I suggested that if they took a car carrying lorry up there on the night of the local feria they would be able to get away with it as everyone in the village and the local area would be attending. 
The main man said he would propose the idea to the Italians and let me know. 
“By the way, when is the feria?” 
“Two weeks from today,” I said. 
I got a call two days later, and the main man asked me to come down with a map showing the roads in and out of the village and where his compound was, and where the feria was taking place. So we hatched a plan. I was to walk about the feria and keep an eye on things. The Guardia Civil would be there, so I would call if any of them left. I would also keep an eye on the gang to make sure that they were all there too. 



Chapter 30


The feria took place in the main plaza of the village, and absolutely everyone was there; and they would be there till very early the next morning. There was a band, pigs were being roasted on a spit, and there was a paella being cooked in a massive frying pan. People told me that the party would go on until five or six in the morning and everyone would be off their heads. Lovely. At midnight, the party was at its peak. I got a call from one of the boys and told them that everyone was at the party. The lorry was parked in a dirt siding five minutes from the village started its engine. I was getting looks from the gang, but I felt they just didn’t have the heart for violence that night. I was mainly talking and standing with the Guardia Civil, which may have had something to do with it. Occasionally they would put their hands to their mouths and I would just smile in return. Two hours passed. As I turned to watch the band, I saw that the twat was getting on his moped and leaving. I did hear one of them say, see you in a minute. He was going home to get something, so I phoned my contact and told him.  At four in the morning there was a commotion around where the gang was standing. One of them came running up to the captain of the Guardia Civil and animatedly started shouting and making hand gestures. The captain gathered his men from the party and got in a car and drove off. Half an hour later, I heard sirens above the din of the band. I went to the man who was serving shredded hog and ate a sandwich slowly, and then went home. The very next day the whole village was abuzz with rumors about what had happened. Everywhere I went, people were in obvious shock. I didn’t get any true information until I was called from Malaga. The Italians had got six quality cars and they were very pleased and now I could come down and collect my cut. I went to the local shop to get some milk and I noticed a poster. It said: “There was a shocking attack last night at the local feria. The owner of the car lot has been seriously stabbed and is critically ill in hospital. Have faith that we will bring the perpetrators to justice. The Guardia Civil. 



Chapter 31


All around the village the gossip was rife at what had happened. There were all sorts of stories that were being bandied around. Then it hit the national and local papers. The twat had been slashed across his achilles and hamstrings. They had also decapitated the three German Shepherds that guarded the compound. Apparently they had asked him if he had a wife or girlfriend as they wanted to mutilate her also. I went for a drink in the bar, not really knowing what to expect. But when I entered the bar, I could tell that the Spanish contingent had been waiting for me. The owner of the bar was the first to give me a drink on the house. The captain of the Guardia Civil was the next. He came up to me and just said, “Gracias, Señor.” I just shook my head and made a gesture with my hands suggesting that I had no idea what he was going on about. He nodded his head and said, “Si, entiendo.” then he put his hand across his mouth, just like me and the twins had done, then he took it away, raised his drink and toasted me, “El silencio.” Then the whole bar raised their glasses and started to chant “El silencio, El Silencio...”



Chapter 32


When I went and collected my money from Malaga, I was invited to a dinner in the evening. I was told that it was a very important dinner, and I would be asked to join a federation of businesses that had different expertise in certain areas and would come together when necessary for the common good of the federation. When I arrived at the dinner, in a hotel in Marbella, I saw that there were all kinds of representatives from numerous countries. We all had to make an oath to the federation, then we all raised our glasses like the Spanish had done in the bar. And so began my inclusion into a consortium of mafias from around the world. Back in the village, I noticed on my way to the bar that the house of the twat’s enforcer, the bald headed thug that had stared me out, had broken windows in his house. It turned out that now the main man had been laid low, and another had lost his life in a freak accident, the people of the Village had lost their fear of the gang. Thus the children of the village had begun to stone the enforcer’s house. The last time I saw him, he was putting the last of his luggage into a dust-covered van and moving out, never to be seen again. 



Chapter 33


I moved into a bigger house. I now had an enormous amount of respect and power that was created by my thought-seeds. Apart from that, I had just acted in a way that was mysterious and threatening without threatening anyone. Not only that, but the Silence, or El Silencio, as it was known to the Spaniards, became feared and known throughout the Andalusian coastal area. It became an all new encompassing mafia, and spread in name like a new religion. It was so successful, that the federation of gangs asked me if they could use it as the name that every one of the members could use as a rallying call for intimidation and crime generally. It was not to be used in petty disagreements, however, and everyone had to agree before the name was used in any activity, otherwise it would lose its power. Whenever it was agreed, a member would go to the prospective victim, and when normal intimidation was not quite enough, the gesture of the hand over the mouth depicting silence would be used very discreetly, but at the same time obvious to the person who was shown it. 



Chapter 34


I now had money, infamy, respect, and power, but when I thought of my exploded family, of course it meant nothing at all. So to put my family out of my mind, I began to sew more powerful thought seeds. I decided to think about more power and how far I could go with it. I certainly did not fear death, anyone, or anything. I then decide to nurture an image of humility and health from healthy thought seeds. I stopped smoking and drinking, and I also became a vegetarian again, and this only increased my mysteriousness and perceived power, as it was obviously anathema to the circle that I was moving in. 
One morning, as I was sitting on the terrace, watching sparrows frolic without a care in the world, there was a knock on my door. Usually I would never deign to open my front door to anyone on the off chance that I might be in, as I had always found it disrespectful. I needed to be warned well before a visit. Yet I got up and went to the door against my better judgment. Standing at the door was a plain-clothed member of the Guardia Civil, who I immediately recognized from frequenting the local bar. He said that he had a message from Captain Hernandez who would like to meet me. I didn’t ask him what about, as it was obvious it was going to concern what had recently happened regarding the demise of the English gang in the village. However, the location of the meeting took me by surprise, when he said that it would be taking place in Malaga, as that was out of the Captain's jurisdiction. He gave me a card with the Captain’s number on it, and said I was to call him at my pleasure. And with that, he left my house, and I was left in it, holding the card with the Captain's number written on it. It was almost a week later when I decided to call Captain Hernandez. 



Chapter 35


The meeting took place in a large villa in the Malaga suburbs. I was greeted by Captain Hernandez at the front door. I was offered a drink and then taken in to a large room where I saw already seated, a man and a woman. The man got up and told me that they were both from the Centro Nacional de Intelegencia. Immediately after the pleasantries, they began to show me documents and photos of my associates in Malaga. I was told that if I helped the CNI with certain cases, I would be free to do some other work of my own. In short, they wanted me to be a double agent. It didn’t bother me any, as gangsters meant nothing to me. Not only that, but the idea of being a double agent intrigued me. It also gave me a huge amount of power. I would decide who would be arrested, and who would be allowed to go about their business.



Chapter 36


Within the next six months I gave the CNI information that gave them some spectacular results, results that they had never achieved before. At the same time, I was given information about certain other gangs that were not in the federation, with the federation taking over their illegal exploits. So I became respected in both camps. I had no idea where to plant new thought-seeds, as the power I had imagined had come my way, but now I could not see a way to go forward - there was no forward in the road I was going down - only a dead end. And so it proved to be, when the two members of the CNI that I had met in the house in Malaga met me and gave me information that The Silence was growing louder about my role in some of the arrests that had taken place, and now there was a contract on my head. Therefore I gave them all the information and history of the federation that would be more than enough to rid Andalusia finally of The Silence. In return the CNI promised me an identity change and protection in a different part of Spain. I had never felt so wanted in all my life.



Chapter 37


This was good, a new identity, my mind went wild with ideas of what I could do with my thought seeds now. Suddenly my mind went back to America and what had happened to my family. My thought seeds began to visualize revenge, and so I started to plant them in very fertile ground. I went back and met the man and woman from the CNI, and asked them if I could have a new identity, could we go the whole hog and get a complete new look. I told them about my time in the USA, and what had happened to my family. I thought I would get turned down flat, but as I was speaking, I sensed that they would be up for it. They told me that they had been embarrassed recently by the CIA and would like to help me out. I was going to get surgery in the form of a face change, and a new Spanish passport in the name of a tramp who had died in the streets of Madrid. 
When they unwrapped the bandages from my face, it was the strangest feeling I had ever experienced. Looking back at me in the mirror was an outward alien being, but I could still sense my true self shining out from within. 



Chapter 38


The flight to LA was troubling, as I was going back to exact revenge for my family with a face and a name that no one would recognize. On landing, I took a taxi and booked in to a moth-eaten motel with a skanky swimming pool and began to plan how I would take out the chief cucuracha. After a couple of days, I hired a car and went to the beach where I used to live and looked at the beautiful house where Hermosa, me and the kids were so happy for a such a short while. I waited until dusk before climbing the steps to the house. There were no lights on, so I hoped that I would go undetected. I lifted up the flag stone easily. I was relieved to see that the gun and ammunition were still there after all this time, without any sign of deterioration. 



Chapter 39
  

I had found a construction job and had been working on a building site. I was in the road gang, laying down the new roads around the complex. 
I drove to Juan’s house in Beverly Hills and waited. When he turned up, he saw me standing there, and said, “Hey, I am sure I know you from somewhere, man.” 
“No, not me,” I replied, “but I’ve got some information regarding the factory. Juan was visibly taken aback, I saw it in his eyes, but outwardly he remained calm. He kept squinting, though, trying to put a name to my new face, but he couldn’t. I shot him in the knee. Then I dragged and bundled him into my car boot and put tape over his mouth to shut him up. I looked up and down the road, but no one seemed to have noticed the commotion, or heard the shot. After all, it was a Smith and Wesson model 29 revolver, modified for quiet special purposes. If they had heard it, I would have disposed of him there and then. I drove him to the building site. I heard him struggling in the boot, and I thought of Goodfellas. It was Sunday, but I had a key as I was a trusted worker. I drove through and shut the gate behind me. I dragged him out the back of the van and he hit the floor. He was in absolute agony. I then told him my name and he was deeply affected by it. He must have known what was coming, as I had already shot him in the kneecap. It was just business, he was yelling. I just looked at him with contempt and ice cold anger. I then went and fetched a baseball bat and started whacking him. This is for Hermosa, I said. This one is for Paulo, and this is for baby Majorca. I didn’t want to make him unconscious, so I stopped with the bat. I then dragged him to the middle of the road that had just been recently tarmacked. I could still hear his screams and groans above the road roller’s engine as I started her up. I put her in gear and started rolling towards him. His broken arms were held towards me in supplication, but I kept on rolling. I could no longer see him. There was a little bump. I got out and saw Juan flattened in to the new road. He was a part of that road now.
I got back in the van and drove to the beach. I took off my clothes, but left on my pants, then waded into the Pacific Ocean. That was the moment when I felt the most alive. I was laughing on one side of my face, but terror was etched on the other. I then remembered one of my father’s stock phrases: “You’ll be laughing on the other side of your face soon, son, if you keep it up.” I never understood it until then. I dropped the gun to the sandy bottom when I was quite far from the beach. I was gulping in salty Pacific Ocean. I could only now imagine opening The Secret randomly for an answer to my predicament, and I knew all too well that just a couple of thought seeds remained to me; but where on earth was I going to plant them now?

**************




The Ray Dennis Series
Anyone who has ever done building work for brutal wage slavery and wondered if they were going mad, will recognise the life of Ray Dennis, (Troia's alter ego) which evokes a vision of mind-numbing, soul-destroying workplaces and workmates. His is the voice of discord for the marginally employed, the creatively frustrated working Joe, who turns to a life of drink and drugs to elevate the monotony of life.
Few have brought this world to life with such despair, black humour and indifference as Gary Troia. He paints a beautifully sad portrait of a truly messed up person with potential, struggling to keep his messed up mind from drowning in cheap wine and self-loathing. Ray's spirit is trapped in a world of endless grey mundanity.
The ultimate “I hate this job” story, written as a collection of short stories and memoirs, each one containing a snapshot of the life of Ray. Troia captures the tedium of working in a low paid, menial job and living hand to mouth. This book of short stories is sad and questions the reader to ask questions about their own life. This book achieves clarity without trying.
Ray has three expensive hobbies: drinking, drugs, and running away. Without the income that Bricklaying provides, he would not be able to maintain his chosen lifestyle, so he compromises his principles and continues with his trade.



Log on to garytroia.com today!

Gary Troia’s official web site is a fantastic way for fans to find out all about Gary’s books, read interviews as well as watch videos or trailers for some of his books.

www.garytroia.com



ABOUT THE AUTHOR
www.garytroia.com

Gary Troia was born in South-east London and studied Spanish and Philosophy at Middlesex University and the Universidad de Deusto. In 2010, he left behind a career in education and moved to a small Spanish village, where he began his lifelong dream of writing.
His first book, Spanish Yarns and Beyond, is a humorous account of his time in Spain. 'A great play on words, witty and well written,' was how one reviewer described the book.
A Bricklayer's Tales, published in 2013, is a collection of ten tales, including: Angel Dust, the peculiar story of a man whose new life in America leads to conversations with Ancient Greek philosophers. Mrs. McClintock, an absurd farce in which a Glaswegian couple retire to Spain, and A Bricklayer's Tale, the story of a disillusioned, alcoholic bricklayer.
English Yarns and Beyond, published in 2013 is the ultimate "I hate this job" story, written in short, concise sections, each one containing a snapshot of the life of Ray. Troia captures the tedium of working in a low paid, menial job and living hand to mouth.

COMING SOON… GARY'S DÉBUT NOVEL.




A note from the author
Thank you for reading my book.

If you enjoyed the book and if you ever have a spare moment, it would be a great help if you could post a review of it with your preferred online retailer and let other potential readers know why you liked it. It’s not necessary to write a lengthy formal review—a summary would be great.



Connect with Gary Troia
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Goodreads
You Tube
www.garytroia.com
Smashwords


