 THE DUCKS OF DOOM
Chapters 1-30
An Internet Serial 
by Robert Arthur Smith
www.duckparade.com
rasmithr@yahoo.com

THE DUCKS OF DOOM was a 2002 Independent e-Books finalist.

Copyright 2000-2005,
Robert Arthur Smith,
All rights reserved.

 

Chapter 1: Femme Fatale
 
Some people think ducks spend all of their time floating around in ponds, quacking at the neighbors and drinking lime fizzers. 
This might be true on other planets, but not on Tockworld. 
Things are different on Tockworld, a world that sprang into existence when an alien opened the wrong door in the Grand Imperial Chinese restaurant. 
Anyway, ducks, being extremely clever at disguise and subterfuge, have invented decoys. 
Decoys look just like ducks, but they aren't. They're bits of painted wood. They were designed to float around in ponds all day, fooling humans, while the real ducks took over the world and began running large corporations. 
People in the know can always tell the difference between a duck and a decoy. Real ducks have feet. 
If you don't believe the part about ducks running large corporations, take a look at your own workplace. Unless, of course, you work at home; then you should examine other members of your family to make sure they don't have any feathers. 
If you find out one or more of your family members is really a duck, be grateful. Ducks will look after you when the aliens invade. 
But that's another story; we'll talk about it some other time. 
Anyway, there's no shame in working for a duck. You have to remember, it was a duck who saved the world from a fate worse than death. 
This is how it happened. 
A long time ago, a mild-mannered duck by the name of Macklin Macklino was sneaking a peek at the centerfold of MODEL RAILROADER magazine and thinking about a session with his train layout, when there was a knock on the door of his condo.
Who can that be? Macklin wondered. He hated interruptions when he was thinking about his trains. He had a really neat model of the Southern Pacific, down around Indio, California, with several fruit-packing plants, dozens of refrigerator cars, and a lot of golf courses. 
Anyway, you're probably wondering what Macklin was doing at home at night, instead of toiling away in a stuffy cubicle like everyone else, forced to work overtime just to keep his job.  
And where did he get the loot for this nice condo overlooking a park near Mount Pleasant, a block away from George's Trains, a hobby shop known in every corner of the civilized world? 
Also, where was his mother?  Why wasn't she calling him up, telling him how all of her friends were busy with their GRANDCHILDREN? 
Why wasn't he hearing her voice sweetly rasping: "You aren't getting any younger, you know, Macklin. You can still find a good woman if you hurry, but if you wait too long, she won't even look at you; she'll look at your wallet. You'll be divorced two weeks after the wedding, and I'll have to get a court order to see my grandchildren, assuming she took enough time out from shopping to make any. And you know how much court orders and lawyers cost! I'll be a pauper after the lawyers get through with me! Instead of a nice old age surrounded by friends and GRANDCHILDREN, relaxing in my comfy apartment, I'll be stuck in a poorhouse with drug addicts and psychotics. It'll be all your fault if I'm found dead one day, clutching a picture of my son, who never even came to my funeral...." 
Anyway, the reason Macklin was at home was this: he was a professional model railroader. He made model railroads for business people who had no time to make their own. You'd be surprised how many busy professionals hired Macklin to build and enjoy little railroad empires for them. 
The knocking came again. Quickly Macklin thrust  his copy of Model Railroader under his mattress, in case it was his mom at the door.
Who else would bother calling on  him? 
She was in Miami, of course, visiting relatives, but, as we all know, certain mothers can be in two places at the same time, so you can never be too careful.
Anyway, it was quite late. Thirteen minutes and thirteen seconds after midnight, if you want to be precise about it, and Macklin was always precise. "It's a feature," he would tell people, when they complained about this aspect of his character. 
Be neat, be precise, and you'll never be sorry. That was Macklin's philosophy. 
Who could be knocking after midnight? he wondered. Especially since it's Scary Pumpkin Eve, a time when all good little children are supposed to be in bed, so the Scary Pumpkin can come down the chimney and leave bundles of Durum wheat tied in ribbons. 
He peered through the peephole, but all he saw was Bartholomew Augustus Hoopenthrasher's door across the hall. 
Hoopenthrasher was not the sort of person who knocked on doors, only to flee in panic before anyone spotted him. Hoopenthrasher LIKED to be seen; he was a philosophy professor, and as you know, philosophy professors have doubts about their own existence. This is because nobody ever calls them up to fix broken philosophies. It's a little like the Maytag man.... 
We'll talk about that some other time. 
Macklin, by the way,  wasn't the sort of duck who opened his door after midnight for unseen strangers. You never know what you're going to get when you open your door late at night: it could be someone dangerous, like an armadillo or a freelance telemarketer. 
But something changed Macklin's mind that night; some mysterious force penetrated the bright, orderly regions of his brain, spreading a little darkness. 
He composed his face into a special 'Hi, mom; nice to see you!' smile, in case it really was his mom. Then he opened the door, and the smile froze on his face. 
A femme fatale stepped out of the shadows. 
Now that's a simple thing to say; A femme fatale stepped out of the shadows. 'So what!' you might be saying to yourself. Femme fatales are always stepping out of the shadows; it's what they do best. 
Well, one of the things they do best. 
This femme fatale, however, was different.
She wiped a bit of Black Magic chocolate from her beak and cocked a hip at Macklin, blowing every fuse in his brain.
Macklin never had a chance. He gazed at her in a stupor, taking in her slinky red dress, her ruby earrings, and her red high heels.
"Hello Macklin," she said in a throaty voice. "My name is Allura. I've come to invite you to a little party."
Macklin was stupefied. "Quack," he said.
Allura moved a little closer. Her red dress made slinky noises all over her ducky form. Her beak opened slightly and an exotic odor of wild rice and chocolate issued forth. 
It wasn't particularly warm in Macklin's condo that night, but he felt a sudden hot flash as he watched Allura's flame-colored hair stir gently in the updraft from her internal convection oven. 
A small voice in the back of his mind warned him to be careful: 'Don't go there! She's dangerous. Your mom wouldn't like her. Stay home and play with your trains!' 
But Macklin was beyond help now. He was a drake possessed; the only thing that mattered to him was the seductive Allura, a vision of slinkiness luring him down a forbidden track into a mysterious tunnel.
She put an arm through his. He tried desperately to think of something charming and witty to say, but all he could manage was, "Do you like broccoli?"
Allura gave him a little peck on the cheek as if to say, 'I'd do anything for a cup of broccoli," and Macklin's brain exploded. 
He was hers now; he would follow her anywhere. 
At least until his mom called.
The Hippopotamus of Fate had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 2: THE SMOOCH OF FATE

Macklin had no idea why Allura would be interested in a shy, mild-mannered duck. 
Perhaps she'd mistaken him for his swashbuckling ancestor, the colorful Giseppe Macklino.
Giseppe, a Florentine gangster inhabiting the early renaissance, had been the sort of duck who knew exactly what to do when mysteries happened to him. 
Once, while on a trade mission to Scotland, he'd been kidnapped by Scottish existentialists. He'd come to sell real estate; he was offering a special deal on a sunken piazza, a splendid place for raising sheep, with its abundance of tangy water, and its gently rippling features. 
The Scots didn't know what to make of him, especially when they got a better look at his hat, which, in typical renaissance style, looked like a dented cookie tin, so they put him through the Inquisition of the Haggis. They gave him a tartan sash, a kilt, and a set of bagpipes, and told him to play 'Scotland the Brave'.
Giseppe had never heard of 'Scotland the Brave'. For all he knew, it might have been a documentary on haggis. So, always a quick thinker, he played 'How Much is That Doggie in the Window?'
The Scots muttered and grumbled for a time, and their headman painted himself blue and shook his basket of skulls, but Giseppe never missed a beat. 
And then something magical happened. A few Scots began to hum along, then a few more, and before long, the entire clan was belting out the lyrics:
"How much is that doggeee in the window? The one with the waggely tale.... "
In the end, the Scots liked the song so much, they made Giseppe a clan chieftain, gave him the standard nine square feet of grazing land, a genetically modified cow, otherwise known as a bagpipe, and painted him blue. 
Even now, on the blasted heaths and parking lots of Scotland, if you listen very carefully, you can hear the mournful wail of Giseppe's bagpipes, and a ghostly Scottish choir singing, "How much is that doggeee in the window....." 
But enough of Macklin's colorful ancestor. 
Allura was growing impatient while Macklin dithered. Sweeping him up in her arms, she carried him off to the elevator, held him tightly while they descended the twenty floors to the lobby, then bore him past the astonished doorman to her waiting Harley-Davidson.
Macklin, who panicked at the sight of mere ten-speed bikes, was terrified. 
But Allura smiled invitingly, and when she flashed a bit of slinky naughtiness through the slit in her red dress, all thought of danger fled from Macklin's mind. 
Quickly he jumped up behind her, held on for dear life, and away they sped. 
There was an odor of swamp grass about her that drove him wild. Suddenly he didn't care anymore; he could face any danger as long as it involved holding onto an exciting duck! 
It was a terrifying ride through the gridlocked streets of downtown Toronto. A dozen times, Macklin braced himself for instant death, only to find himself, moments later, still intact and facing an even scarier instant death. 
At last, Allura veered off the road onto a narrow pathway that led through a Gothic forest in the heart of Toronto's sinister financial district. 
Macklin glanced about nervously as they weaved their way through a maze of spruce, pine, and maple trees.
Bankers and financial advisors hooted like owls in the treetops, while accountants swooped through the gloom in search of prey.
Suddenly the path took a turning and Macklin found himself on the unkempt grounds of a Gothic mansion; a hulking, somber pile of stones that seemed to hoard the shadows, gathering darkness into itself like a malignant entity brooding on destruction. 
A sign in front said: City Hall. All major credit cards accepted.
"We're not going in there, are we?" Macklin said nervously, his hand on his wallet.
Allura slinked closer and touched his forehead, burning a hole through his skull.
"No," she murmured.
Macklin breathed a sigh of relief and thought about smooching with his new friend. 
"YOU are!" said Allura.
"I am?" 
Allura touched Macklin's beak. "Of course you are, sweetie," she said. "That's why I brought you here." 
Macklin couldn't believe his ears. 
"You brought me here for this?" he squawked. "You had this evil pile of stones in mind all along? You used your feminine wiles to woo me away from...from--" 
"Your toy trains?" said Allura. 
Macklin blushed. "They aren't toys," he said. "They're models. Like in museums. Everything is realistic. The GP9 switchers, for instance, have dynamic brakes."
"Do you really think I used feminine wiles?" said Allura, cupping his beak in her hands. "All I did was ask you to come with me." 
 Macklin was on fire with passion. At the same time, he was trembling with fear. It was very confusing. 
"You didn't just ask me," he said. "You slinked." 
That's because I like you," whispered Allura. "I'll be waiting for you outside, when you're finished." 
"Finished what?" 
"Vlod wants to meet you. He's the one who sent for you." 
At  the mention of this name, Macklin's blood turned to ice. "Vlod?" he gasped. "As in Vlod Ironbeak, the evil mayor of Toronto?"
"Shhh!" Allura touched his feathers; then she kissed him, and their beaks clacked together in fiery passion. 
"Ohhhh...." she moaned. 
Macklin felt his DNA throbbing. Reason and logic seeped out of his brain like motor oil from a cracked block. He knew he was facing terrible danger, but he'd do anything Allura asked of him. He couldn't help himself; he wanted to be near her, he wanted to touch her and smooch with her.
Just then, the front door creaked open, and a mysterious figure stepped out into the eerie glow of the forest.
"Vlod will see you now," it said. 
Macklin had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 3: BEAUTY MARKS

The mysterious figure approached Macklin through the shadows. It was the strangest looking duck he'd ever seen. There were feathers, of course. EVERYONE has feathers. There were two bloodshot eyes, and there was a beak twisted into a hideous grimace, with a bit of drool on the end.
The creature's moldy green feathers were set off by a moldy green corduroy suit blotched with port-wine stains. He wore shoes that looked like waffle irons, and a moldy blue bowler hat to go with his green suit. 
When he turned to show his profile, Macklin glimpsed an enormous bulge high up on his back. 
The stranger thrust his mottled, blue-green face at Macklin.
"Do you see anything unusual about me?" he hissed. "Hmmm?" 
"Unusual?" quacked Macklin. "Um...IS there something?" 
One bloodshot eye squinted suspiciously at him. "The name is Polydoor," the stranger growled. "I am Vlod Ironbeak's acolyte and chief financial officer."
"How do you do?" said Macklin. "I'm--" 
"Enough small talk." Polydoor said, covering his ears. "Don't inflict your personal history, anecdotes, dreams and ambitions on me. I don't even want to know the names of people who die so quickly in there."
Macklin had the strangest feeling something bad was going to happen to him. He looked around for Allura, but she was gone. She'd melted away into the shadows like a bitterly disappointed date.
Then he noticed a pair of eyes watching him from deep within a suspiciously wolf-like patch of deeper shadow. Something glittered on either side, like two ruby earrings catching a stray bit of light, and there was a sort of beakiness about the front of this object. 
My imagination is playing tricks on me, Macklin thought. Surely that can't be Allura! 
"Lots of strange things in the woods," said Polydoor, grinning hideously at him. "She'll be there when you get back. IF you get back. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!"
Macklin smiled politely, to show that he liked a joke as much as anybody else, but inwardly he was tremulous and perplexed. He sensed hostility emanating from Polydoor. 
How could he make Polydoor like him? 
This preyed on Macklin's mind, even as he followed the strange duck up the flagstone path to the door. Macklin wanted everybody to like him. He had to find a way of ingratiating himself. Should he prostrate himself? Or should he just compliment him on something? 
But what? 
Macklin's ancestor, Giseppe Macklino, never had to worry about things like this; people who didn't like him became part of the raw material in his glass factory.
"Thank you for taking the trouble to lead me to the door," Macklin said to Polydoor, still trying to be liked. "It's true what they say, isn't it; 'ducks of a feather stick together!'"
This gambit didn't work at all. In fact, it enraged Polydoor.
"Are you calling me a duck?" he hissed.
"Pardon?" said Macklin. "You're not a duck?" 
"Of course not, you idiot! I'm a canard." 
"Oh, I see," Macklin said nervously. "What's a canard!"
"Canard is French for Supreme Being, you fool!"
Macklin was at a loss for words. Fortunately, they'd reached the door. Polydoor tore it open with an irritable gesture, revealing an enormous hallway. 
Flambeaux lined the marble walls. In the ghastly, shifting light, Macklin glimpsed a reception area with a few nervous petitioners rotting on wooden benches. 
A tremor went through him; he wished he were at home in his cozy apartment, operating his museum-quality model railroad. 
At this very moment, instead of trying to ingratiate himself with a hideous acolyte, he could be switching little freight cars in the yard at Vulture's Breakfast. Or he could be talking on the phone to Gladys KindHeart, the only real friend he'd ever had. 
Gladys was a gentle, caring duck who always listened to Macklin's stories about switch motors that kept burning out, and freight cars that kept derailing. She held his hand when he was sad, kept him company, let him play with her caymans, and listened patiently to his tales of woe. 
So he'd rejected her as a girlfriend. 
Macklin thought anybody who was interested in HIM was either a loser, or secretly plotting a nasty surprise. 
He was deeply absorbed in these fascinating thoughts when, all at once, he heard a strange, haunting sound. 
It was Giseppe, his terrifying ancestor, gnashing his bill. 
A ghostly voice whispered inside Macklin's skull: "Forget about being liked, ye wee Willie wimpy! Sell this Polydoor fool some real estate. We still own that sunken piazza."
This was followed by ghostly bagpipes, and a few mournful Scottish voices singing, "How much is that doggeee in the window; the one with the waggely tail...." 
Macklin was staring in horror at a spectral haggis, when Polydoor broke into his reverie.
"What are you looking at?" the acolyte snarled.
Suddenly Macklin realized the spectral haggis had been superimposed on Polydoor's hump.
"Like my hump, do you?" Polydoor whispered.
"Yes I do, very much," said Macklin. "It's...um...noble. It fills out your jacket very nicely."
Polydoor leered and twitched, and shook his knobby fists at Macklin. "So you DO think I have a hump?" he hissed. "I suppose you think I'm a nothing but a camel with an entire canard pond stuffed into a hump, in case I have to cross a desert!" 
"Good grief, no!" exclaimed Macklin, sweating now. "The thought never crossed my mind!"
"This thing on my back is a mole," said Polydoor.
"Umm...you must be very proud of it," said Macklin.
"Any time I want, I can have it removed. I'm only keeping it because females find it irresistible. They come after me in droves! Masses of them!"
"I see," said Macklin.
"You get to choose when you go into the acolyte business," said Polydoor. "It's either a monk's cowl or a big mole." 
"You made a wise choice," said Macklin. 
"I chose both, but I only use the cowl in budget meetings, when we have sacrifices and beheadings. Nasty things, cowls! They make me break out in spots. And they attract masses of armadillos. MASSES of them! A hump is much better, don't you think?" 
"Yes, much!" said Macklin. Then he clapped a hand over his beak. "I mean--"
"Aha!" said Polydoor triumphantly. "So you DO think I have a hump!"
Macklin wiped the spray from his face and looked around desperately for Allura. 
"Looking for help, are we?" jeered Polydoor. "Think your smarmy Allura's going to leap through a stained glass window, take you in her arms, and carry you away to safety, do we?" 
"No, I--" 
"That sloat! That flozzy! She thinks she's so special, slinking around the master, showing her ankles, mincing and prancing like a hippopotamus!" 
Polydoor began slinking around the room, mincing and prancing like a hippopotamus, batting his eyes, and puckering his beak. 
"Kiss me, you fool!" he rasped. 
Then a deep, powerful voice said, "That will do, Polydoor. You may scratch your fleas some other time; we have work to do now."
The rotting taxpayers had a bad feeling about this....

 

CHAPTER 4: VLOD STAKES A CLAIM
Macklin found himself transfixed by the penetrating gaze of a very tall duck dressed in a black frock coat, black, stovepipe trousers, and a black cape. 
It was the mayor of Toronto! 
Macklin had heard of him, of course, but he'd always assumed Vlod was a remote, mythical figure like Margaret Thatcher.
In real life, he was more frightening than a mere politician.
His staring red eyes were set into a bone-white face, like two drops of Tabasco sauce on Scarlett O'Hara's wedding dress. His beak glimmered in the flickering light, looking every bit as deadly as a the spike upon which a bankrupt's petition for clemency is skewered.
He slipped a blood-red smart phone into a pocket of his frock coat, and twitched his beak in what might have been a smile, or a summons to an executioner. 
Then he turned to Polydoor. 
"Polydoor?" 
"Yes, master." 
"Go and prepare a snack for our guest. In the Agony Room, I think. And this time, try to remember--the silverware goes on the table, NOT in our guests." 
"Yes, master." 
"The haggis, I think. We'll have that, along with blood pudding, blood sausage, and the special tomato sauce." 
"Yes, master." 
"Anything you don't understand, look it up in the Martha Stewart book." 
Polydoor crabbed through the door, an evil look on his face.
Macklin watched uneasily as the acolyte clumped away. Polydoor was nasty, but at least his nastiness was rational. It had something to do with self-esteem.
There was nothing rational about Vlod.
And where was Allura? 
"So Macklin; we meet at last!" Vlod said. "Vlod Ironbeak at your service. I've been looking forward to this. I know your ancestor." 
"You do?" said Macklin, momentarily stunned. "Which one?" 
Vlod's beak twitched. "You have only one ancestor." 
"Oh you mean Giseppe!" Macklin said quickly. "But he died centuries ago!" 
Vlod closed his eyes for a moment. When he opened them again, they were bigger. "Yes," he said. "I meant to say, MY ancestor, Vlodzille the Reptile, knew him." 
"Oh, good!" said Macklin, greatly relieved. "We're practically family, then. 
Surely this powerful duck wouldn't hurt a descendant of the man his ancestor had known and loved!
"Vlodzille and Macklino loved the same Scottish princess," said Vlod. "A certain Lenore McBeauty." 
"That's wonderful!" said Macklin. "It's like a romance novel. Like WIND IN THE WILLOWS."
"WIND IN THE WILLOWS is not a romance novel," Vlod snapped. "It's a book about psychotic toads and the mistreatment of weasels."
Macklin decided to keep his mouth shut. Everybody was so touchy around here! How he wished he was back home with Gladys KindHeart! 
Dear, dear Gladys. So kind hearted, so loyal, and her caymans were okay too, as long as they stayed in the pond in her living room and.... 
Vlod cleared his throat. "Vlodzille and Macklino loved Lenore with a rare, unearthly passion. My ancestor's passion was more worthy than your ancestor's passion, of course."
"This is so dramatic and eighteenth-century!" said Macklin, trying to ingratiate himself with this new object of terror. "How did they work it out?" 
"Badly," said Vlod. "One day, in an attempt to avoid savage conflict, the two rivals urged Lenore to choose. She was much too sensitive for this. She couldn't bear the thought of inflicting pain and sorrow. She loved both suitors with a mad passion." 
"I love this story!" said Macklin. "Does it have a happy ending?"
"It does not!" said Vlod. "The beauteous Lenore, unable to face the prospect of hurting either of her suitors, threw herself in front of a flying haggis at the Highland games." 
"That's amazing," said Macklin. "It should be a movie--" 
"It was horrible," said Vlod. "Horrible! I grieved...I mean my ancestor grieved for weeks. He was inconsolable. I, VLOD IRONBEAK, am inconsolable for him." 
"I'm so sorry," said Macklin. "Have you tried grief counseling? You could check in the yellow pages...."
A look from Vlod silenced him. "It gets worse," Vlod said. "In the midst of my ancestor's terrible grief, YOUR ancestor treacherously drove a stake through his heart and burned his entrails in a potting shed."
"Oh my!" squeaked Macklin. "I'm sure he didn't mean to!" 
"It was infamous! My ancestor never got over it. He moped around for WEEKS brooding on it! He swore he would never rest until his enemy was paid back in full, and he bound all of his descendants by a tremendous oath to wreak a terrible vengeance on Giseppe's descendants." 
"Umm, I should be going," Macklin said. 
"Ha, ha, ha!" said Vlod. "Enough small talk. That's not why I invited you here."
"It isn't?" said Macklin, still eyeing the door.
"But what is a meeting without sustenance?" Vlod said. "The spilling of blood to symbolize our undying friendship." 
Macklin felt the Tabasco-sauce eyes scorching his feathers for a moment or two, then Vlod propelled him by sheer force of will through a small door, into a freezing cold meeting hall. 
There was an enormous stone table, suitable for lunch or a sacrifice.
"This is where the budget committee meets," said Vlod.
The table was set for one. 
How Macklin wished he were with Gladys! She'd be in her little garden now, with her John Deere tractor, planting Durum wheat. Or perhaps she'd be in her garage, cleaning out the cayman stables. 
Gladys's caymans were always pooping over everything. They couldn't seem to grasp the idea of flush toilets. But Macklin didn't mind. The caymans were okay. They were fun-loving creatures. 
Fluffy, for instance, liked to bite people's fingers off, but everyone always laughed. It was just playfulness. 
Anyway, Macklin was really surprised at how much he missed Gladys. 
Then he noticed that Vlod had stopped to admire an enormous portrait of a duck. 
At first Macklin thought it was just another boring ancestral portrait of a duck with fangs; when he moved a little closer, however, he saw that it was a gorgeous female.
She had flowing, golden locks, and wore a gauzy, romance-on-the moors style of dress. 
She also had honking great webbed feet--the biggest webs Macklin had ever seen. You could surf across the Atlantic Ocean on webs like those. 
"Beautiful, isn't she!" said Vlod. 
"Umm, yes" said Macklin. "That was the word I was searching for." 
"Notice anything else about her?" 
Macklin couldn't help himself. Before he could clap his hands over his beak, he blurted out, "Her feet...." 
"YES?" said Vlod in a frosty voice. 
A doom prepared itself for Macklin. High above, in the Celestial Sphere, the Hippopotamus leaned forward in her rocking chair, waiting for his next words.
"Um, they're so...quintessentially FEET!" he managed to say. "The very essence of footdom. Eternal forms such as Plato imagined, but never saw. I, however, now have the privilege of viewing--" 
"Don't get any ideas. She's taken." 
"She is? I mean, of course she is! With feet like those--" 
"That is Lenore McBeauty." 
"Really?" gasped Macklin. "She of the flying haggis?" 
"Indeed," said Vlod. "She was loved by my ancestor, who was cruelly and treacherously staked by a vile, slimy, armadillo-like fiend, known to the world as Giseppe Macklino." 
Macklin felt no comment on his part was called for. 
"I hate armadillos," said Vlod. "Come! Sit!" 
Then he noticed the table setting. 
Polydoor had worked quickly, but not well. 
"Didn't you consult Martha Stewart?" roared Vlod. "The water glass goes HERE! Use the crystal, not this plastic Daffy Duck glass. Now go and fetch the condiments for the blood pudding." 
Polydoor gave Macklin an evil look as he made his way out the door.
"You don't deserve the crystal," he hissed. "I don't like wasting it on ducks who are about to DIE."
Macklin slipped uneasily into a big, leather chair, studded with rivets and wired to a set of coils and cylinders on a sideboard. He picked up a lime fizzer with trembling hands. 
Vlod stood behind his chair, as silent and watchful as a Venus flytrap.
Then Macklin noticed movement outside a window. A frightening shape peered in at him from the edge of the forest.
The shape was vaguely wolf-like, with a beaky sort of muzzle and two ruby earrings. 
"A wolf!" Macklin squawked. 
"What?" said Vlod. "Oh, that's not a wolf; it's a big, furry duck." 
The wolf eyed Macklin with an expression that seemed to imply a certain urgency. It made him think of Allura for some reason. Had the wolf eaten Allura and put on her earrings? 
Macklin had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 5: VLOD MAKES HIS PITCH

"You have a problem?" Vlod said. 
Macklin twisted nervously around. "No sir...I mean VLOD," he stammered. 
When he looked back, the wolf had gone. Perhaps it had never really been there. 
Perhaps Macklin, himself, wasn't there. It was all a trick of the mind. Something to do with John Locke, and the association of ideas. If you start with an idea of bagpipes, for instance, you wind up by a process of association with the Flying Scotsman, a bowl of McBowel's Inflammable Porridge, and a dead squid.
"Eat!" said Vlod. "Meanwhile, I will tell you why I invited you here." 
Macklin glanced down at his vittles. Blood pudding. Goodness how it reeked! And it moved, too, as though some ravenous parasite was swimming excitedly around the bowl, just waiting for the opportunity to leap into a vital part of Macklin's plumbing and bite it. 
"I want you to build a model railroad for me," said Vlod. 
Huh?" said Macklin. He was so astonished, all thought of gulping down the pudding fled from his brain. 
Actually he hadn't been thinking of that, but.... 
"Yes," said Vlod. "I've had my eye on you for a long time. I read your entire series of articles in RAILROAD MODEL CRAFTSMAN on building a model of the Spokane International, including the sawmills at Coeur d'Alene, the Bonner's Ferry bridge, and the crossing point at the Canadian border." 
"You did?" gasped Macklin, pleased and terrified. 
"It was brilliant!" said Vlod. No one could have done it better. Not Renoir, not Duns Scotus; not even Roy Rogers." 
Macklin was embarrassed. "Well, maybe not Renoir or Duns Scotus," he said. "But Roy Rogers could have done it. I always sort of liked his theme song: 'Happy trails to you, until we meet again--'"
"Dale Evans wrote that," said Vlod. "Anyway, enough small talk! I want you to build me an exact replica of a famous model railroad."
"Hmm," said Macklin, wiping the spray from his neck. "Um--"
Before Macklin could stutter another syllable, Vlod tossed him a copy of SMALL RAILROADS YOU CAN BUILD. It fell open on a double-page spread featuring a tiny HO train layout on a 4-ft by 6-ft sheet of plywood.
"I'm sure you know this layout," said Vlod. "It's the model railroad Gordon Varney commissioned, ages ago, to display his line of model railroad equipment. It was in Macy's shop window."
"Oh, EVERYONE knows THAT model railroad," said Macklin. "But I don't see--"
"I want you to build it precisely as it is depicted here," said Vlod. I WANT IT EXACT IN EVERY DETAIL! DO NOT FAIL ME." 
Macklin wiped another spray of droplets from the back of his neck. "Um, some of the structures and equipment may be hard to find--"
"Money is no object," said Vlod. "You will have everything you need." 
"Everything?" 
Macklin was terrified, as usual. But if there's one thing that gets a model railroader's blood up, it's the offer of unlimited funds to build an entirely new model railroad. 
"Accuracy is crucial! I have extra drawings and plans. Lenore foresaw everything." 
"She did? I mean, She of the haggis? She foresaw the Gordon Varney line of model railroad equipment?" 
"Everything!" said Vlod. "It was an act of pure psychic genius. There were no railroads in her time, of course. None whatsoever." 
"That's horrible!" said Macklin.
"I know. I found it--my ANCESTOR, that is--found it inconvenient. But the radiant and beautiful Lenore was not so easily thwarted by mere temporal forces. She had a vision.
"I see," said Macklin, yawning. The minute anybody started talking about their dreams or visions, he nodded off.
A violent shaking woke him up. 
"Comfy?" said Vlod, twisting his beak in an evil simulacrum of a grin.
Macklin nodded vigorously to ward off evil.
 "Good," said Vlod. "Lenore, of course, was unable to construct the model railroad herself, not having any track, switches, or rolling stock; however she had the presence of mind to record her vision before she met the fateful haggis."
"Gosh!" said Macklin. 
"Precisely. Lenore foresaw everything, even plastic baggies for left-over haggis. When I think so much intelligence, so much radiant beauty was destroyed in a split second by a flying HAGGIS, and all because your ancestor couldn't admit that he had lost out to the better drake!" 
"I'm terribly sorry," said Macklin. "I'm sure it was all my fault. I'm not worthy." 
"Anyway," said Vlod. "Imagine my surprise when I discovered the source of her vision--the famous Gordon Varney model railroad."
"But if it's already been built--" stammered Macklin.
"It doesn't count," said Vlod. "In art, Macklin, intention is everything. The original builders could not have known they were honoring the memory of a rare and radiant maiden. Hence, the little train layout remained merely a model, lacking in magic."
"Gosh," said Macklin.
"YOU, however, KNOWING  FULL WELL the significance of this model, will honor Lenore with every piece of track you stick together--"
"Actually--" said Macklin.
"Something on your mind?" said Vlod, hovering like a guillotine blade over Macklin's trembling frame.
"Umm, no," said Macklin.
"Good, because this is important. The model railroad will be a tribute to Lenore. It must be perfect. It must be laid out exactly as you see it here. I will provide all of the funding you'll need. Allura will take care of the details." 
"Allura?" 
Vlod leaned closer. There was a smell of dead things about him. Long-dead things, like ancient eggs, and bits of pizza lost under the sofa in the TV room.
"You like Allura, don't you!" Vlod said. 
Macklin was embarrassed. 
"Come on, Macklin!" said Vlod. "Be a drake!  Admit it--you like Allura a lot." 
Macklin found himself compelled by the implacable force of Vlod's will, as though he were a balloon being squeezed by a child's ruthless fingers. 
"Yes," he gasped. "I like her. I LIKE HER!" 
Then a small voice whispered inside his head. NO, Macklin! What about Gladys KindHeart? You can't do this to her! 
Vlod's beak twisted in an evil grin. 
"Good!" he said. "Because you will be seeing a lot of Allura. She will be your assistant. Tell her what you need. Money, supplies, grief counseling. Anything at all! Do you agree to these terms?" 
Macklin knew he had a choice: painful death, or lots of fun building a neat little train layout.
 "I can buy anything I need?" he said, pretending not to shiver with excitement and terror. 
"Yes. Anything except armadillos. I won't have any armadillos on my model railroad." 
"Agreed," said Macklin, wondering what an armadillo was. Some sort of winged creature native to tropical climes, perhaps. Or a kind of ostrich. 
"Good," said Vlod. "It is done." He tried smiling again. It was an eerie thing to see. He got the curve of the beak right, but there was something subtly wrong. Macklin had seen pit vipers with more feeling in their smiles. That was just before they ate the mouse, of course. 
But he really WAS excited. An unlimited budget, and Allura at his side. What could go wrong? Lots of ducks sold their souls to the devil. It happened every day. Look at the stock market!
All at once, ghostly bagpipes broke into Macklin's train of thought, and a mournful Scottish choir chanted, "How much is that doggeeee in the window...." 
Then a familiar, harsh voice cut through the fever mist in Macklin's brain. 
"Don't even think about turning him down, laddie!"
Macklin recognized his ancestor at once. 
"You don't think I should back off, ancestor?" he said. 
"Och! What a wee brain it has! Listen to me, Wee Willie Wimpy; Vlod is plotting something nasty, and I want it all for meself."
"You mean the model railroad, ancestor?"
"Vlod doesn't care a hoot about little toy trains!" said Giseppe. "He's got some trick up his sleeve."
"MODEL RAILROADS ARE NOT TOYS!" said Macklin peevishly. "They're museum artifacts."
Giseppe ignored this outburst. Everyone ignored Macklin's outbursts, actually, because they were always about how his toy trains weren't really toys: they were museum pieces.
"I want you to play along with old Tinbeak," said Giseppe. "Do exactly as he tells you to do, but report to me."
"Why is this model railroad so important to Lenore, ancestor? I mean, she's dead, after all. She must be pretty busy."
"You mean Big Webs? Oh, aye; she's busy enough, laddie; she was going out with Elvis, the last I heard."
Macklin was horrified. "She's DATING somebody? If Vlod Ironbeak hears of this--" 
"Don't you worry about old Tinbeak, laddie! I have big plans. The world is going to be a much different place when I'm through with it. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!"
Macklin thought this was some sort of joke, so he ignored it.
"Hop to it, laddie," said Giseppe. " Allura is waiting--she of the torn skirt and the checkbook. Tell her to buy herself a decent Scottish kilt. They don't tear so easily, and you can use them as weapons in a pinch." 
"Ancestor?" 
But Giseppe was gone, vanishing into the wailing skirl of the pipes and the  mournful chant of the ghostly Scottish choir singing, "How much is that doggeee in the window...." 
Macklin had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 6: ALLURA'S FLAME

An unpleasant voice startled Macklin out of his ghastly reverie.
"Are you going to eat that blood pudding, or are you just going to puke all over it?"
It was Polydoor. He of the mole. 
"Um, would you like it?" said Macklin. 
"Tsk! Wastrel! Lucky for you I can't bear waste."
Polydoor snatched up the bowl, sucked up the entire pudding in one clotted mass, gulped it down, and ate the bowl. 
Then he smacked his beak.
"Delicious appetizer," he said, glaring hungrily at Macklin. "But I find I'm still ravenous."
A bit of blood dripped from the end of his beak, splattering the lacy white table cloth. His breath stank of ancient haggises. 
In a flash, Macklin was clawing at the front door, trying to get it open. 
At the sound of Polydoor's approaching footsteps, he turned. 
"Umm..." he said. "Vlod asked me to get started on his model railroad right away. It's very important to him." 
"IS it?" said Polydoor, crabbing closer. 
"Yes, he was very clear about it. He said he'd kill anyone who interfered. AFTER he ate them." 
Macklin was a very poor liar. He blushed, coughed, shuffled his feet, blinked, and nearly blurted out the truth. 
Polydoor smiled. "Shouldn't tell lies, if I was you," he said. "The Jolly Fat Llama's watching. He knows who's been bad or good." 
Polydoor was quite close now. There was a terrific smell of moldy broccoli about him. Macklin wondered if it was meant to keep the elves away. 
"I don't know why the master chose YOU," hissed Polydoor. "ANYBODY can set up toy trains. You just go to a toy store, buy a nice set with an engine, some cars, a bit of track, and a power pack. A child could do it!" 
"Those aren't good enough for serious modeling," said Macklin. "The track isn't to scale, and the engines aren't the best quality. You have to weather everything and add details, and--" 
"Smarty pants!" hissed Polydoor. "Are you saying I couldn't  set up a nice toy train? Are you saying people with moles can't build model railroads? PEOPLE WITH MOLES AREN'T AS GOOD AS EVERYONE ELSE?" 
"It's got nothing to do with moles," Macklin said. 
"ARE YOU A MOLE-IST, YOU CROMWELLIAN! DO YOU BURN ACOLYTES AT THE STAKE?"
A hand reached for Macklin's throat. A bit of oily drool leaked from Polydoor's beak.
Macklin tried frantically to open the door, but it would only budge a fraction of an inch or so before stopping. Then, too late, he realized he was blocking it. 
He was doomed! He was about to be plunged into the spectral world where his fierce ancestor would be waiting with a killer haggis. There was no escape anywhere. 
Macklin's last thought was of Gladys KindHeart in her rubber boots and her coveralls, discreetly spotted with cayman poop. Oh how he missed her! He even missed Fluffy. 
If only he'd resisted the slinky Allura! If only he hadn't cast his eyes on the slit up the side of her red dress!
Then a sudden, terrifying growl startled him out of his terror. The evil Polydoor froze. One of his fangs dropped out and he stooped to pick it up. In that instant, a stained glass window shattered as though a bomb had been tossed through it, and a figure leaped into the gloomy hall. 
It was Allura! 
Macklin gaped at her in astonishment. She'd changed into a big fur coat, furry boots and gloves, and a fur hat that seemed to cover all of her face and neck. 
There was a slit up the side of her coat, revealing the slit up the side of her skirt, which revealed a furry ankle that stirred up Macklin's blood even now, as he cringed in the shadow of the unspeakable Polydoor. 
Polydoor released his grip and turned to hiss at the intruder. 
"There's ANOTHER mole-ist!" he shouted. "Keep away from me, you vomp!"
With that, he bolted out of the room. 
Macklin sagged with relief. He could hear the evil acolyte's voice echoing down the hall. "I'll sue and I'll sue and I'll sue...."
Allura gently pulled Macklin away from the front door and opened it for him. 
Her motorcycle gleamed in the night air like the Flying Scotsman.
"Go and wait on the Harley," she said, in a throaty voice. "I'll be out in a second. There's something I have to do." 
Macklin obeyed at once. He could see eyes watching him in the eerie phosphorescence of the Gothic forest. He climbed nervously onto the big motorcycle and tried to make himself invisible.
All thought of Gladys KindHeart had fled from his heart. His brain shook and trembled with feverish thoughts of the slinky, furry Allura.
Then Allura came out of the house and slinked onto the Harley. She'd discarded her furs and was clad only in her scarlet dress--the famous one with the slit. Macklin couldn't see her ankle, but an image of it flashed through his turbulent mind. He could think of nothing else. 
Stop this nonsense! he thought. She doesn't want you; she wants your model railroading skills. Don't let her corrupt you! Show a little backbone! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
That was an inward laugh, of course. Introverts rarely laugh out loud, unless they've been into the scotch. And even then, it's usually a thin, barely audible laugh, like the sound a small animal might make in the safety of its burrow, after a few glasses of ale.
There's no shame in being an introvert, by the way. Big tough guys like Robin Hood and his Merry Men may have spent a lot of time laughing, but look what happened to THEM! They never existed! 
And what about Attila the Hun! He was the quintessential introvert; he spent all of his time on his horse because he was too shy to mingle with strangers. In fact, he was so painfully shy, he killed anyone who wasn't a Hun so he wouldn't have to make small talk. Don't tell ME introverts are weenies! 
Anyway, Allura started the Harley, and they roared away, out of the eerie forest and through the sinister financial district.
After a brief, terrifying ride, they pulled up outside Macklin's condo. Allura leaped down and tied up her steaming Harley. 
Macklin stood awkwardly at the door, wishing he was the strong, silent type, like Clint Eastduck. He'd boldly seize the moment, invite Allura up to his condo, and offer her a seductive lime fizzer.
The mere thought of it made him sweat with anxiety.
"Um...how do you like your broccoli?" he asked. "Steamed or fried?"
Allura ignored this conundrum and touched the glass entrance door, which popped open as if by magic; then she strode past the astonished security guard and raced up the twenty floors to Macklin's apartment.
Macklin puffed along some distance behind her, arriving exhausted and bewildered at his door, which was already open. 
He found Allura inside. She slammed the door shut behind him, then seized him and held him tightly in her arms. 
"Kiss me, you drake!" she breathed, and their beaks clashed together. 
It was a long, passionate kiss. And it was painful, too, because Allura was treading on Macklin's feet, and she had pretty good webs on her. Not in Lenore Big Webs' league, of course, but they were a considerable size. 
Then she released him, and he slumped back against the door. 
"Wowsers!" he murmured. 
At the same time, a dark thought crossed his mind, filling him with stark terror, an emotion not unfamiliar to him.
"Um...about Vlod...." he stammered. "Will he exhibit the sort of jealousy that leads to acts of violent retribution?"
Allura was astonished. "Vlod? Jealous?" Then she threw back her head and laughed. "Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha." 
Macklin waited politely until the last 'ha' had faded away.
"I take it that means 'no'?" he said.
For answer, Allura cupped Macklin's face in her hands. "Listen to me, my little duckling," she said throatily. "Vlod is dangerous. Keep your distance from him and do nothing to anger him. I'll take the meetings!"
"I won't fail him," Macklin said nervously, and once again, he thought of Gladys KindHeart.
How he wished he could be with Gladys right now! 
Then Allura took him in her arms, and his treacherous glands deleted Gladys from short-term memory. 
"You're so cuddly!" Allura whispered. "Like a teddy duck." 
Macklin kissed her gently on the beak, and they quacked for a time. 
"Don't worry about Vlod," she said. "We have a business partnership, nothing more. I kill people, and Vlod drinks their blood. It's a privately owned business. We keep emotions out of it because I'm not very good at sharing power. I usually tear people to pieces when they disagree with me." 
"Um, it's a good thing we agree," said Macklin. He laughed nervously. There was something oddly exciting about Allura. 
She kissed him again.
 "It's different with you," she said throatily. "We have the same business model." 
"We do?" 
Just then, there was a knock at the door. 
Macklin stiffened. It had to be Gladys! No one else ever called on him, except the cult people from the weird temple down the street, a few desperate politicians, the people from downstairs yelling about his overflowing bath tub, and the rubber duckie salesman. 
There was another knock at the door.
Macklin had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 7: EVIL TONY CAD

Meanwhile, Gladys had been worrying. 
She hadn't heard from Macklin for several hours, and this bothered her. 
Macklin was the sort of duck you spent a lot of time worrying about. A few hours away from him, and questions started popping up like firecrackers: why is he so quiet? Has he glued his beak shut with model railroad glue again? Has he eaten something nasty?
Usually Macklin would call Gladys in the evenings for a bit of soul-searching and whining. "Do you think I'm a complete failure?" he'd ask.
"Compared to what?" Gladys would say, and they'd chat about that for awhile. 
Gladys was a down-to-earth, homespun sort of duck who didn't spend much time worrying; if there was a problem, you got out your tool box and fixed it. 
When Macklin didn't call, she thought he must be having a problem, so she decided to pay him a visit and fix whatever was ailing him. Being a practical type, she thought she'd kill two birds with one stone, and take Fluffy along for a bit of exercise. 
The thing about caymans is they're a lot of work. And Gladys's caymans weren't your ordinary, garden-variety caymans, the  sort people buy on a whim at pet shops. These were SHOW caymans, very finicky and nervous. If Gladys didn't spend a lot of time grooming them and fussing over them, they'd sulk for hours at a time. 
Not only that, she had to check them daily for ear mites. 
Anyway, Gladys was a real sweetheart, a cheerful, down-to-earth duck, who worked hard, loved her caymans, never felt sorry for herself, and had strange, mixed-up feelings about Macklin.
These feelings really puzzled her. 
Long ago, Gladys had decided that drakes weren't worth the trouble, but Macklin intrigued her. There was something different about him. He wasn't much good at sports, for instance. Anybody who thought the Super Bowl was something from Tupperware was in deep trouble, sports-wise. But this only endeared him to Gladys; she would spend hours and hours trying to explain what quarterbacks do, and how they manage to get back into the game after being mashed and broken to pieces by enemy panzer divisions, but none of it would sink in. 
Macklin would just nod his head while she talked, and go on with his daydreaming about engines and track. 
The caymans liked Macklin too, now that he'd learned not to run screaming in terror when Fluffy gave him a playful nibble. 
There's something about him, Gladys thought to herself as she pulled Fluffy away from a terrified pit bull. Something cuddly. He's such a teddy duck! 
And Gladys had no trouble handling Lucretia, Macklin's fierce, grandchild-deprived mommy.
Lucretia was so desperate for a grandchild, ANY grandchild, she'd tie Macklin up in blue ribbons and deliver him personally to any female who showed the slightest interest. She'd even print out instructions on how to go forth and multiply.
Of course, when the grandchildren arrived, things would be different. 
Two children would be about right, thought Gladys. She could teach them football and Kung Fu, and how to repair broccoli harvesters, and she could show them how to groom caymans. 
Goodness! she thought. Here were are at Macklin's door! How did we get here so soon?
The doorman seemed to be in a state of shock; he was squatting on the floor plucking at his lower lip and muttering something about Wonder Duck. 
Gladys checked herself in the lobby mirror. She wasn't very happy about her appearance. She'd put on her best rubber boots--the brown ones that didn't show the cayman poop so much--matching brown coveralls, and she'd combed her crinkly, brown duck hair, but of course that didn't do any good; it just kept right on being crinkly. 
Then she helped the doorman back to his desk and gave him a glass of broccoli juice, which brought him to his senses immediately. 
"What a duck!" he murmured.
Gladys knew at once he couldn't be talking about HER. 
"She met me, Stranger, upon life's rough way, And lured me towards sweet death...." said the guard. 
"There's no need to be like that!" said Gladys. "Act sensibly, wear a good pair of rubber boots, dress warmly in layers, and there's nothing you can't accomplish." 
Then she bounded up the steps with Fluffy at her back. She took the stairs because Fluffy occasionally got nervous on elevators and ate the other passengers. 
Once she reached Macklin's door, she gave it a good, sharp rap. 
"Won't Macklin be surprised!" she chuckled, and Fluffy giggled and hissed. 
There was a faint sound of voices coming from within, but the  door remained closed. 
"I wonder if he's with a client," said Gladys. 
Fluffy snapped his jaws as if to say, What's a client? Do you eat them with garlic or with mint?
By now, of course, you're probably wondering about Gladys's background, her past lives, her old boyfriends, her marks in high school geometry, etc. 
Well, here it is:
Some people think they have it tough!  
Gladys could beat them in a hard-luck contest hands down. Born without any parents at all, poor Gladys had no time for dolls and cruelty to other little girls, etc. 
She brought herself up by hand in Tewksbury, aided only by a long-dead aunt, the Marchioness of Tewksbury, who advised her on where the salad fork went etc., and how to talk as though you had a hot rutabaga in your mouth. 
She did have an illustrious family, but they were all dead, including the ones who were still living, and, anyway, they were so exhausted from roulette and taxes, they only existed as weary voices. 
Gladys worked her way through an exclusive Swiss academy by mucking out the stables, killing and cooking the haggises, and teaching survival skills. 
Upon graduation, she moved to Toronto in search of a place to make her mark and raise caymans. 
She was working as a veterinarian's assistant when she met and married Tony Cad, a flashy duck with a pocket full of credit cards and a lot of fancy talk about index funds and privatizing ancient Egypt. 
Little did Gladys know, Tony Cad had been fired from his job as a technician in a Mister Tasty Chocolate factory. She soon found out, however, that Tony Cad was really only after her caymans, which he planned to sell to a wallet factory. 
Their relationship quickly deteriorated, until, one ghastly night, under a horned moon, when low ragged clouds scudded across the sky, driven by a wind that moaned among the gloomy financial analysts, Tony Cad tied Gladys to the railway tracks. 
"HA, HA, HA, HA, HA," he said. "Soon all of your caymans will be made into wallets and stuffed with credit cards and death threats. I never loved you, Gladys! I can't stand caymans, and I hate broccoli soup. I'm sick and tired of sleeping with caymans on the bed and I hate the name Fluffy, and your cayman shows are stupid, and you're NOT a beautiful slinky model with bones sticking out everywhere like twigs and a bruised look and the latest jogging outfit, SO THERE!" 
Gladys sobbed. 
Then she heard the whistle of an approaching train. 
Gladys had a bad feeling about this....


 
CHAPTER 8: VILLAINS GATHER

Macklin was still reminiscing, in a state of shock after the sharp rap at his door, when Vlod Ironbeak crept down into the cavernous City Hall basement to operate his model railroad.
Vlod understood the difference between toy trains and museum-quality model railroads.
At the same time, three stealthy figures made their way to the service entrance, beyond the rutabaga garden. They were wearing black trench coats with the collars turned all the way up.
Polydoor opened the door for them, confiscated their rubber duckies; then checked everyone for concealed stakes, silver bullets and garlic before leading them down the stone stairway into the dank basement. 
The three stood at a respectful distance while Vlod finished operating his model railroad. They watched him hiss with delight as he brought his HO-scale death train to a slow halt at Usher Station, where little plastic models of vampires waited hungrily for the bewildered passengers to disembark.
Then he turned and nodded to the others.
"I have commissioned Macklin Macklino to build a model railroad," he said. 
His visitors, whose names were Herman, Demo, and Loopy, by the way, said nothing. It was never a good idea to say anything at all in front of Vlod until you had determined what sort of mood he was in.
"You three will have the task of following Macklin," said Vlod. "Keep him in sight at all times. He must not fail in his assigned task."
 "You can count on us, Vlod," said Loopy.
Loopy was anxious to redeem himself after botching his last mission, which had been nothing more than a shopping expedition to pick up rutabagas.
Certain vampires have an unaccountable taste for rutabagas. Redemption, by the way, is not usually associated with the wishes and desires of an agent-of-evil dressed in black jacket and black pants, and festooned with a Yankees cap. 
A more accurate term, perhaps, might be currying favor.
"You, Demo," said Vlod, "will disguise yourself as a hockey player and follow Macklin on his daily rounds." 
"A hockey player?" said Demo. "What's hockey, Vlod?"
Demo had managed to get through a Canadian childhood without noticing hockey. That tells you a lot about him. 
"It's a form of mortal combat," Vlod explained. "You'll find everything you need at a sporting goods shop. Skates, pads, odd-looking short pants, sweaters, and a goalie's mask. You must wear a goalie's mask so Macklin won't recognize you." 
Demo was perplexed. "Won't people notice the goalie's mask, Vlod?" 
"This is Canada, you fool! Thousands of hockey players walk the streets every day, looking for pucks. No one will notice you." 
"What about me, Vlod?" said Herman. "What should I do?" 
"You, Herman, will disguise yourself as an existentialist, and observe Macklin from some convenient sidewalk cafe." 
"Right, Vlod. What's an existentialist look like these days?" 
At these words, Demo held up his hand. He knew all about existentialism; in fact, he knew a little about every subject EXCEPT hockey.
Vlod shook his head, ignoring Demo's hand. It was hopeless! Hopeless! 
"Existentialists carry baguettes," he said. "Big ones. And they recite poetry; usually their own."
Demo urgently waved his hand.
"What is it?" Vlod demanded.
"Just a thought, boss. Because I was a seedy academic before I became a seedy gang member, I know a thing or two about existentialism. In fact I know more about existentialism than I do about hockey. I should be the one who pretends to be an existentialist."
 "This is a democracy, Demo; you do what I tell you to do. Besides, caf existentialists are all students; if any of them found out that you had actually read books on the subject, they'd know you were a fake."
Demo withdrew his objections; years of experience as an academic had taught him the truth of this, after all.
Besides, while it was true he had once been a seedy academic, he'd given it up for a life of adventure, and had forfeited all perks and appurtenances of his former life.
Now it was Loopy's turn. 
Vlod eyed him thoughtfully for a moment. Then he said, "You, Loopy, will disguise yourself as an alien. This will distract anyone who might otherwise suspect Demo or Herman." 
Loopy was puzzled. "What do aliens look like, Vlod?" 
Vlod considered this for a moment." They're green, usually," he said. "They're very smooth and bald. Like a green Frosty Bits the Ice Man."
"I'll go right away, Vlod," said Loopy. "I'll be the best green Frosty Bits you've ever seen." 
Vlod sighed. How had it come to this? he wondered. 
Then he dismissed his three subordinates with a peremptory wave.
He had a headache now. There was too much blood in other people, and not enough in HIM.
He withdrew to the inner recesses of his crypt, where he contemplated a candle-lit picture of Lenore McBeauty. 
"By the Beard of Cleopatra, how I adore you!" he sighed. "But why, WHY did you foresee a model railroad that only Macklin could build? Why is he THE ONE? Why not me?"
Then he fainted from anxiety and bitter gall. 
Polydoor had a bad feeling about this....

 

CHAPTER 9: FLUFFY'S DESPAIR

You might be wondering what Fluffy was doing while his mistress struggled helplessly against the cruel rope binding her to a railway track.
Fluffy was depressed. He was trying to eat himself to death by gobbling up all of the tourists at Happy Bob's Fun Time theme park in sunny Mississauga, a suburb of Toronto. 
The thing about caymans is they're very sensitive. They need lots of care and affection, or they pine away like bedraggled teddy bears lamenting their owners. 
Fluffy had been unhappy ever since Gladys, in a moment of weakness, had married the evil Tony Cad. He couldn't believe his lovely mistress would demean herself with such a villain. 
How could she not see him for what he was, a flashy duck with a history of telemarketing, amateur miming, and spam! 
Fluffy was certain the evil Tony Cad must have cheated somehow; he must have plied the lovely Gladys with mind-altering devices. Dental chocolate, perhaps, or even broccoli licorice! 
Meanwhile, the park's owners were desperately trying to figure out what was happening to their customers. Thousands went in, but very few came out. It was perplexing, and really ate into repeat business in a big way. 
And Fluffy, who never meant any harm, was thinking: How could she! I mean, even with dental chocolate and everything, she should have resisted!
He was devastated; he'd tried everything, even a shrink. 
When caymans get depressed, they often go to shrinks. 
Fluffy had picked one out of the yellow pages--a certain Doctor Philip Napoleon--largely because he was impressed by the advertisement, with its before-and-after picture of a lunatic. 
Perhaps he should have reconsidered, once he'd had a look at the doctor's office, which was located in a townhouse near the Silver Delicious Bank tower, in the heart of Toronto's sinister financial district. He could no longer bear the grief, the melancholy.
On his very first visit, the receptionist made him wait while she smashed her computer with a sledge hammer.
"It crashed just as I was uploading our patient files to Universal Studios," she growled. "NO ONE DISOBEYS ME!"
Fluffy was impressed. Either she hadn't noticed he was a cayman, or she feared nothing.
"He's waiting," she growled, motioning to the inner sanctum with her sledge hammer.
Fluffy had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 10: FLUFFY'S MISERY

The door opened and Fluffy walked into a cavernous space filled with immense cylinders and coils of wire. Static electricity crackled everywhere. 
In the center of this room stood a comfy metal examining table and a mysterious device equipped with interesting wires and armatures.
Philip Napoleon, a tall, skinny chap with a crazy thatch of blond hair, was tinkering with his apparatus. His three-cornered hat kept falling off his head onto the wires, shorting out the agony meter and kicking up a shower of sparks.
 "Did you go through the credit check?" he yelled. "This procedure isn't covered by Medicare." 
"I pay cash," said Fluffy. 
"Wonderful!" said Philip. "I like that in a patient. No need to bother with fussy bits of paper, is there!" 
Then he turned and yelled into a war surplus intercom. "Josephine? The patient who just came through the door? He isn't really here, so there won't be any need for records!"
"Don't bother me," came the angry reply. "I'm fixing this naughty computer!"
Philip winked at Fluffy. "Josephine is a crabby, dictatorial horror, but we all have our little faults," he said. "You don't have to call me Emperor, by the way; just Philip will do. I hate formality." 
Then he looked at Fluffy.
"I don't suppose you know anything about electro-shock machines? I bought this silly thing online from the Acme corporation. One electro-shock machine, complete with ash pan. Some assembly required. The manual seems to be written in cuneiform script." 
"I think the patient lies upon the table," said Fluffy. 
"Like this?" said Philip, stretching out on the table. "My goodness; it does seem to work. Would you be a good fellow and do up the straps for me."
Fluffy agreed to help, even though he felt miserable and unwanted. He adjusted the straps around Philip's ankles and wrists. 
"Wonderful!" said Philip. "Why didn't I think of this? I don't suppose you'd mind working the control levers for me? I can't quite reach them from here." 
Fluffy obediently went to the control panel. Anything to oblige a fellow creature in need! 
"Tell me what you see, old chap," said Philip.
It's quite simple," said Fluffy. "There's a lever with three positions. HIGH, VERY HIGH, and the last one is a picture of a vegetable. Broccoli, I think." 
"Excellent!" said Philip. "Go for the vegetable, old fellow!" 
Fluffy reached for the lever, but in that instant, Philip had a sudden inspiration.
"No; wait!" he shouted. "I've just thought of something. Aren't I supposed to be the one at the controls? I mean, how can I analyze you when--" 
But it was too late. Fluffy had pushed the lever all the way up to BROCCOLI. Electricity crackled. A window shattered. The oak door popped open and Josephine yelled an insult.
Then the lights went out.
"Who did that!" roared Josephine, in a voice that shattered another window. "Whoever it was; I'll disembowel him. Now the other computer crashed. I lost a week's worth of patient records. I was supposed to email them to Pron Aesthetic Productions this afternoon."
"It wasn't me," whined Philip.
Josephine uttered an oath. "Now I have to reinstall Macrohard Angst and go through the whole activation process again," she said. "And it never works."
Philip stood at the door, rubbing his hands together.
"I was a bad boy, wasn't I, Josephine!" he said. "Will there be punishment?" 
"Not NOW! I'm busy; I have to reinstall the software. Don't bother me until I'm finished. AND DON'T MAKE ANY NOISE!" 
Philip tiptoed back to his electro-shock table, blew away a puff of smoke, and winked at Fluffy. 
"She has her little quirks, but she's very disciplined," he said. "She makes the trains run on time."
Then he led Fluffy to his little corner office, which consisted of a desk, two folding chairs, a pickle barrel, a tent, a white rocking horse, a large wall map entitled, 'The Real Battle of Waterloo (Wellington Lost), and a picture of Josephine in combat fatigues.  
Philip sat behind his desk and motioned to Fluffy to sit on the rocking horse.
AHA! thought Fluffy. Now we're getting somewhere; the analysis is starting. 
"How long have you been a cayman?" Philip asked.
"All my life," said Fluffy. 
"Aha!" said Philip. "Umm, how do you feel about being a cayman?" 
Fluffy had to think about that one. In spite of his grief and despair and really terrible feelings about being rejected by Gladys KindHeart, he was getting interested. 
"It feels...scaly," he said. 
"Does it now? AHA! Tell me about your family. Do you have sibling rivalries?" 
"Twelve," said Fluffy. 
"Really?" said Philip, looking closely at Fluffy. "That's a bit excessive, don't you think? I mean, do you keep in touch with each and every one of them?" 
Fluffy shook his head.
"AHA!" said Philip. "Hate them all do you? That explains everything! How long have you NOT kept in touch?" 
"Since my uncle ate them." 
Fluffy could see Philip's eyes growing wider. Had he said something inappropriate? Did this mean he was a lunatic? 
"I see," said Philip. "And how long have you hated your uncle?" 
"I don't hate him. He was very good to me. He taught me how to swell up and hiss at people." 
"Really? Can I see?" 
Kind-hearted Fluffy, always ready to oblige, even in the midst of his terrible grief and despair, gave an excellent demonstration of swelling and hissing. 
Philip wiped the moisture from his face. 
"Good," he said. "How long have you hated your mother?" 
"I don't hate my mother," said Fluffy. "She used to bake chocolate chip cookies and put them in my lunch box, on top of the spammers and telemarketers." 
"I see. Is there anybody in your family you DO hate, and if so, how long have you hated them?" 
"I like all the survivors." 
"That is a very serious delusion. I recommend three years of treatment, with an option to renew. Please transfer your assets to my account in Zurich before you leave. Josephine will help you with the paperwork." 
"But what about Gladys?" 
"Who is Gladys?" 
"Lovely Gladys KindHeart, my mistress who rejected me for an evil cad who wants to sell me to a wallet factory." 
Philip yawned. 
"Boring!" he said. "I like the other delusion better. The Gladys thing has been done. Betrayal, lust, rage, despair, jealousy: these are all quite normal feelings and you should just relax and enjoy them. Not everybody has as much fun as you do. Pay on your way out, please. NEXT PATIENT." 
The door opened and Josephine pushed a llama into the room. 
"He's a bit shy, Philip."
"About that punishment--" 
"Not now! I'm busy!" 
Fluffy left in despair. Not only was he still trapped in angst, grief and really awful feelings, he'd just learned they were normal and trivial. 
Everyone likes to be interesting and special, even caymans. 
But to be told that you're just ordinary, a bit of trivia caught in life's rubble, was a ghastly blow to the poor, beleaguered Fluffy. 
No wonder Gladys had abandoned him! 
At least Tony Cad was interesting. He had all those wallets and shoes and things. 
What to do? What to do! 
Then Fluffy thought of the old cayman maxim: When in doubt; eat someone!
Fortunately, he just happened to be passing the Happy Bob's Fun Time Theme Park as this thought occurred to him. 
So he went in. 
Meanwhile, Gladys KindHeart yelled, "You cad!", and Tony Cad laughed wickedly as the Orient Express approached.
Gladys had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 11: FLUFFY TO THE RESCUE

Fluffy dove into the pool outside the Tunnel of Love in Happy Bob's Fun Time Theme Park and immediately began eating customers.
The crowd loved it.
"Hey, look at that!" a little girl shouted. "Is there gonna be a car chase too? Are those real body parts in real blood? Cool! Where's the controller? Can I play, mummy? Huh? Can I? Please?" 
"Not now, dear. Your father and I are getting a divorce." 
"WAHH! I never get to do anything! You won't let me play the slots, I'm not supposed to play the market ever, ever again, and now THIS!"
Fluffy's despair intensified, which only goes to show that fast food never satisfies the underlying angst driving all epic appetites. 
"How could she abandon me!" he moaned, weeping cayman tears. 
Gladys, meanwhile, was in dire straits. She could see the headlight of the approaching train as it flashed along the tracks like the eye of a piratical toucan. 
Where was her faithful Fluffy? Had he been made into wallets? 
Was he even now enfolding someone's list of important passwords, alibis, lusts and chores? 
And who would care for the rest of the gang? Who would look after all her lovely caymans when she was nothing but rail-kill on the steel ribbon of fate? 
 In that instant, Gladys bethought herself of the special signal she had devised for calling Fluffy when he was just a cute little fellow in short pants and a bow tie with little yellow ducks on it. 
She hadn't used the special whistle in ages! Could she still do it? 
It was a matter of pursing your beak just the right way. Then you gave a short, hard blast, and you got a sound that most people thought was an alien shrieking in agony as the famous comic-book hero, Captain Zap, smoked it with his trusty laser pistol.
But if Gladys whistled at just the right frequency, Fluffy would hear her urgent summons, wherever he was. 
It was a very delicate process; it involved emptying her mind of all but the most savage and blood-thirsty thoughts, as though she were a teacher at an exclusive private school arguing with her colleagues about who was going to be the next headmistress after the old one finished rotting. 
Gladys tried to focus her mind, but it was difficult. 
The train was fast approaching. Tony Cad was leering and gloating and counting his wallets before they hatched. 
At last, Gladys managed to settle her mind. She pursed her beak. She bethought herself of 'The Sound of Music'.
Then she whistled. 
It was a haunting, eerie sound, like a lone bagpiper in a ruined stock exchange. 
But it wasn't quite right. 
"Oh, good one!" sneered Tony Cad. "Now you sound like Heidi! Give it up and think of Fluffy, folded up in my back pocket, with those little plastic thingies that hold pictures of snotty kids." 
That did it! Gladys pursed her beak again and this time she gave it her all. 
It was a sound unlike any heard on Tockworld before or since. 
Tony Cad's steely jaw implants shattered and his fillings cracked open, spilling mercury into his gullet.
And thirty miles away, in Happy Bob's Fun Time Theme Park, Fluffy lifted his head.
"Gladys?" he bellowed. "Is that you? Can such things be?"
There was no answering bellow, but Gladys hardly ever bellowed, so that didn't mean anything.
And yet, Fluffy could have sworn he'd heard her special call.
Suddenly it came again, sounding like the agonized whistle of an alien strapped to a chair, forced to watch thirty car commercials in a row.
Fluffy's heart soared. It had to be Gladys! Who else in the known universe could manage a sound like that, without artificial supplements!
Gladys was in trouble! Lovely Gladys KindHeart was in peril!
Some people think a cayman's stubby arms and legs might not be the best appendages for a thirty-mile run. But when those stubby arms and legs are wrapped around the controls of a hot-wired, war surplus Harrier, watch out! 
Luckily a Harrier just happened to be parked in the parking lot: free ten-dollar/hour/no in-out privileges/prk at yr own risk not responsible for any damages.
Stealing a war surplus Harrier is not very nice, of course, especially when it has a "Baby on Board" sticker stuck to the Plexiglas, but this Harrier belonged to a psychopath who had purchased it illegally from a neighborhood gun shop. 
In a flash, Fluffy was up, up and awaaay, and moments later, he was over the railway tracks. 
Then, after carefully adjusting the autopilot to steer the Harrier back to the nearest crop circle, Fluffy ejected. 
The astonished Tony Cad ducked as the Harrier buzzed him. 
Who can say what evil thoughts coursed through his mind-perhaps he thought it was the U.S. Cavalry come to rescue Gladys KindHeart just before the train molded her to the rails. 
When he realized it wasn't John Wayne and the boys, he groped for his pistol, but Fluffy was too quick for him. In seconds, the big cayman had eaten Tony Cad's weapon and sliced through the ropes binding the lovely Gladys KindHeart to the tracks. 
Without a moment's hesitation, Gladys leaped to her feet, sweeping Fluffy into her arms and jumping from the tracks just as the Orient Express roared past, bound for Omaha, Nebraska.
The Orient Express, by the way, now serves most of Tockworld, filling a void left by the big names in railroading when they abandoned passenger service.
Anyway, Tony Cad, knowing the jig was up, dropped to his knees, whimpering and begging. 
"It's not my fault," he wailed. "We're all victims here! I was stressed out; there's too much pressure in the modern world."
"I forgive you," said Gladys. "You may go now." 
Tony Cad gaped at her in amazement. There's one born every minute, he thought.
Then Fluffy ate him.
"NO Fluffy! Bad, BAD!" said Gladys. "Spit him out!"
Fluffy spat out the badly damaged Cad, and hung his head in shame. But Gladys couldn't be angry at him for long, and, shortly afterwards, the two friends went home, arm in arm, singing 'How Much is That Doggie in the Window?'"
That Llama's Eve, there were specially big Llama's Eve stockings over the chimney in the KindHeart household, along with a Feast of the Happy Candles for Fluffy, because he wasn't a llama believer--he followed the rituals of the Camels of the Negev.
The Feast of the Happy Candles isn't a big deal to the camels, but Fluffy was a good sport and helped decorate the Llama Tree of Joy, and exclaimed over the Llama's Eve haggis and the McBowel's Inflammable Porridge.
You might think a marriage and divorce, and being tied to the railroad tracks were a strike against Gladys in the marriage market.
This would be true if there really was such a thing as the marriage market, and if Gladys cared about it.
Actually, marriage hasn't been around all that long; it's still a work in process. 
Oh sure, there were undoubtedly some Neanderthals pairing off in the days before transcontinental railroads, but they didn't go through a big fuss with wedding dresses and bridesmaids, and who's-got-the-groom and such. 
All of the parties involved got together with their lawyers in a big cave, drooled over a lot of trade goods like bear's teeth, scotch whiskey, and Captain Zap comics, and hashed out a prenuptial agreement. 
They signed each other's flint blades, sacrificed a wooly mammoth, and that was that.
The priests jumped up and down seven times, rattling their boxes of bones to show what fine fellows they were, then everybody got drunk on fermented mammoth milk.
It wasn't called marriage: it was called 'Man, Woman Move Into Same Place, Too Late To Wonder Why'.
Modern marriage developed during the Franco-Prussian war as a means of thinking about something else. 
Anyway, Gladys's first marriage was not very nice. 
She didn't trust drakes after that. Whenever a drake asked her to share a haggis with him, she examined his shoes, his belt, his wallet and his gloves to make sure they hadn't been caymans in another life. 
Even if there wasn't so much as a whiff of cayman on him, who knew? 
You could set up housekeeping with a mild-mannered Casper Milquetoast, only to find out that on certain nights, when the full moon glimmered over the sinister financial district, he ran naked through the streets of Toronto, massacring every cayman he saw. 
Caymans, unlike drakes, can be trusted. 
That's because caymans don't watch violent television commercials. 
Gladys might have spent the rest of her life alone with her caymans, vaguely melancholy, but actually quite happy. 
If she hadn't met Macklin. 
And Macklin, of course, betrayed her with the slinky Allura--she of the red dress with the famous slit up the side.
Fluffy had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 12: WHEN GLADYS MET MACKLIN

You might be wondering how Gladys met Macklin. 
It happened in a flashback, a few months before the fateful hour when she approached Macklin's door and heard low voices from within. 
It was a dark and stormy night, the clouds hung oppressively low in the heavens, and the financial analysts and economists were hooting in the treetops in the Gothic forest in the heart of Toronto's sinister financial district.
Lightning hissed across the sky over Gladys's humble cottage, over her cayman stables, her John Deere tractor and her broccoli harvester. 
Thunder cracked and boomed, and Fluffy bellowed irritably. He hated thunder; it drowned out his lovely classical music. 
Fluffy, by the way, unlike the younger caymans, had his own bedroom, right next to Gladys's. 
It was a very nice room; there was a desk where he could read romance novels and play Doom 18 on his Linux box, and there was a little fridge where he kept telemarketers, spam artists, and amateur mimes, in case he wanted a late night snack. 
There was a boom box, though he hadn't been using it much since he'd started downloading MP3's.
Fluffy's favorite was 'How Much is That Doggie in the Window?', but he also liked Debussy and Rimsky-Korsikov.
Anyway, Gladys coaxed Fluffy out from under his bed and when he'd climbed in under the covers, she read him a bedtime story. 
In case you're wondering, it was a famous story in which a kind and beautiful cayman princess kisses an ugly little frog. 
No sooner has the princess planted her long lips in a delicate smooch, when froggy boy turns into a handsome cayman prince, and tells her he was actually only a virtual frog, metamorphosed by an evil studio executive into that ghastly form. 
Fluffy always cries when Gladys reads this part. 
That Fluffy is such a mass of tender of feelings! 
Anyway, thunder cracked and boomed, and Gladys could hear a whimpering and moaning coming from downstairs, which meant the little ones had all rushed in from the stables and were hiding in the pond in the living room. 
Gladys sighed and went downstairs with Fluffy to comfort them.
Seven pairs of eyes stared at her from the rippling water. 
"Listen to me," she sighed. "Go and get back into your beds and tomorrow night I'll take you to the drive-in. Okay?" 
Well they were all excited about that! It was always a treat, heading out in the big broccoli truck, the one with the special cayman quarters in back. 
The next night, there was much joy as they all tried to read the TORONTO GLOBE & MAIL movie guide over Gladys's shoulder, and they all exclaimed at the racy pictures. 
They decided on the new James Bond movie, the one in which the caymans save Bond, James Bond, from a wicked duck who wants to smooch him to death. 
Not that Gladys had anything against smooching! She thought it might be fun, in moderation. Or maybe not exactly in moderation.
But if you paid any attention to the movies, you'd think people did it all the time.
Honest to Pete, if people did as much smooching in real life as they do in the movies, there'd be no time for office politics, traffic jams, or filling out tax forms. Modern civilization as we know it would collapse.
Fortunately, real ducks don't bother with all of that smooching; they have headaches and fatigue instead. 
Anyway, the very next night, Gladys took the caymans to the drive-in. 
The little ones were terribly excited, jumping up and down in the back like creatures from the black lagoon. 
Fluffy, of course, was much older and more dignified, and rode in the front beside the lovely Gladys. 
There was a long line to get into the drive-in that night, because it was warm, and of course the new James Bond was playing, and there were a lot of young un-marrieds who wanted a little quiet time to themselves to do crossword puzzles together and discuss Jean-Paul Sartre and his odd interpretation of Hegel.
When they finally got in and found a place with speakers that worked, Gladys set out to buy goodies. 
Unfortunately, the popcorn machine in the snack bar was broken.
Now if there's one thing caymans really love it's popcorn. The little ones were heart-broken; everyone in the drive-in could hear their sobbing. 
It was at this point in time that the Hippopotamus of Fate stepped in. 
Some people might say it was just a coincidence. They don't believe in the Hippopotamus of Fate. They laugh at Fate. 
These are the sort of people who play golf in thunder storms, wearing copper weathervanes on their heads to see which way the wind is blowing. 
Anyway, that's enough about Fate. 
It so happened that, while the little ones were howling in despair, Macklin was parked in the next spot in his beat up old Pickard Trilobite Crown Edwardian, the one with a built-in model railroad as an optional extra--your choice of Santa Fe or Union Pacific. 
That's not much of a choice in my opinion, I mean--what about the Florida East Coast, or the Kettle Valley? 
Anyway, hearing the lamentations of the caymans, Macklin got out of his car and said, "I brought my own popcorn maker. Would you like me to make you some popcorn?" 
Gladys turned bright red. She hadn't talked to many young drakes since the episode of the railway track and the rope, and she was a bit nervous. 
But Macklin was a nice looking chap and there was no sign of any cayman wallets or shoes about him. In fact, his shoes looked as though they'd been made out of potatoes. 
And the little ones were desperate for popcorn. She could feel seven pairs of eyes boring into the back of her neck. 
So she said, "That would be very nice, thank you,"  and smiled. 
Her smile dazzled Macklin. It went straight through his shell of incompetence to the deeper incompetence emanating from his heart. 
Strong feelings exploded inside him. 
Unfortunately, Macklin had little experience with strong feelings, so he didn't know what they were. He thought a dreadful disease had invaded his system and he was rapidly dying, but he did like Gladys's smile. 
Fluffy, who was suspicious of all drakes since the episode of the railway track, the rope, and the cayman wallets grunted his approval. 
The young caymans screamed and cheered, "Hooray for the weird-looking duck with his own popcorn machine who's going to give us all the popcorn we can eat and maybe some licorice sticks too, and some lime fizzers. 
"Children, PLEASE!" said Gladys, embarrassed. 
Then she smiled at Macklin again. "You know how children are when they get excited," she said. 
Macklin smiled to show he knew. He thought the little ones were a bit strange looking, but all children looked strange to him. 
As for Fluffy, who knew? 
Was he Gladys's significant other? 
And why did he have such a long snooter? Was it some sort of new disease, or a fashion statement? 
Macklin decided he was going to have to spend some time reading about popular culture again, though it just went in one eye and out the other. 
Anyway, he invited everybody into his Pickard Trilobite, which easily accommodated them, along with the big corn popper, a stock of food, a diesel generator, a computer, and some boxes of track-planning software. 
The little ones took turns popping corn. 
Gladys was beginning to warm up to Macklin because he looked wimpy and unthreatening, he had a goofy smile, and the caymans liked him. 
After her seventh bag of popcorn, she relaxed a little and explained that Fluffy was her friend, but not in THAT sense, and Fluffy swelled up like a toad and hissed to show he was happy. 
The little ones played with Macklin's model of the Union Pacific in Cheyenne, Wyoming, which he had modified slightly to look like the Canadian Pacific in Toronto. 
Everyone ignored the movie now. 
Afterwards they all sang 'How Much is that Doggie in the Window?' 
Macklin even made some teeny, tiny caymans for his model railroad out of modeling clay, painted them green, and put them in a passenger car. 
The little plastic passengers that had been sitting in the seats mysteriously popped out onto the roof, but Macklin stuffed them back inside. 
There was a tiny burst of screaming after that, but he thought it must be the little ones giggling with delight. 
Macklin wasn't great at interpreting feelings. 
So they all got along famously, everybody was happy, and when it was time to go, the little ones begged Macklin to come to their place and tuck them in. 
Gladys laughed nervously. There was something about Macklin that made her feel happy inside. 
She wasn't used to happiness. She thought it might be something in the popcorn. 
Macklin followed her home, and the fun continued when they all got together in the living room. 
Fluffy chased him around the sofa a few times, but Macklin was a good sport about it, only screaming when the pain became unbearable. He stopped once the bandages were all in place and the ointment started to work. 
He lingered after Fluffy went to bed, and Gladys offered him a lime fizzer and some chocolate chip cookies.
There was something about Gladys that made Macklin want to sing 'How Much is That Doggie in the Window?' again. 
At the door, finally, as dawn broke, he thought he should be gallant, like James Bond, take her in his arms and kiss her. 
But she tripped and fell backwards and Macklin's arms closed tightly about his own body as one of Gladys's flailing webs whacked him in the beak.
They both laughed about that, after they'd straightened out his beak, of course; then they shook hands, and agreed they must get together again. 
Macklin was so exuberant, he surprised himself by saying, "Would you like to come over and operate my model railroad? The caymans can come too." 
Gladys hesitated a moment, because she was shy and still a little uncertain, then she said, "That would be nice. I'll just bring Fluffy, though. If the little ones don't get enough sleep, they turn cranky and start eating the neighbors." 
Macklin walked all the way home in a buoyant mood, hardly aware of the pavement beneath his feet, wondering if this was...not love exactly, but...what? LIKE! That's what it was! Strong LIKE!" 
Then he realized he'd forgotten his car, and he had to go back and get it. 
Still, he had the feeling something good was going to happen. 
He also had the feeling something bad was going to happen, because he always had that feeling, no matter what the circumstances. It was a useful feeling, because it made catastrophe less of a surprise.
So there you have it.
Fluffy had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 13: SMOOCHING LOVERS

The next evening, Gladys was taking Fluffy for walkies when she just happened to pass Macklin's condominium building. It was a big, pink building, a few blocks south of George's Trains.
There was a cemetery across the street, where spectral economists reclined in the shade of a cypress tree, chatting about goods and services. 
On a whim, Gladys buzzed Macklin's condo. 
He happened to be in that evening, because he was rarely out in the evenings, not being very successful in the romantic lead department. 
When he answered the door and spotted her waiting in the hallway, in her rubber boots and coveralls, a great shyness came over him. 
For a moment Macklin just stood in the doorway, his beak hanging open, but Fluffy saved the day by scooting inside and checking out the fridge. 
"Ummm...." said Macklin. Then he turned bright red and fell silent again. 
Gladys turned bright red too. 
"We were just passing by," she said. "On our way to the convenience store. We wondered if you needed anything...." 
Macklin tried to think about this, but he couldn't get his mind past an image of Fluffy picking up a quart of milk and a dozen eggs at Happy Bob's Convenience Store.
"Would you like to come in?" he said. "I was just going to boil some rutabagas." 
"Oh, we don't want to disturb." 
"You wouldn't be...." 
There was a clattering noise in the kitchen. They both rushed inside and discovered Fluffy standing at the kitchen counter, wearing a tall engineer's cap, stirring a clotted mass of haggis and adding a pinch of salt.
"Fluffy!" squawked Gladys. "Where are your manners? This is not our kitchen!" 
Fluffy grinned horribly, showing a bit of spinach stuck between his teeth. 
Or perhaps it was a bit of someone's sleeve. 
"Please forgive him," Gladys said. "He loves cooking! He's read dozens of cookbooks. Our kitchen is full of strange herbs and spices." 
"That's okay," said Macklin, relieved to be talking about something, anything at all. 
There is nothing more terrifying to a shy person than a gap in a running conversation, or a sudden, unexpected encounter with an acquaintance. The frantic searching for a topic, any topic, has to be seen to be believed. 
Now Macklin could play the host, offering lime fizzers and chocolate chip cookies, showing Gladys his vast library of books about trains, his complete collection of MODEL RAILROADER magazines, and at the very end of the tour, his huge model railroad empire.
Gladys was awestruck. 
She'd never met anybody as strange as Macklin before. 
And yet, she was drawn to him. She could feel herself falling, falling. 
Stop it, she warned herself. Remember Tony Cad and the railway tracks! 
But now that she had seen Macklin at his most vulnerable, in his Thomas the Tank Engine slippers and his T-shirt with the picture of the Little Engine That Could, it wasn't so easy to break away.
He was a little too fussy and precise, but each to his own. Everything was neatly stowed away--all of his tins of McBowel's Exploding Haggis, his cans of McBowel's Inflammable Porridge, and the reinforced steel containers of McBowel's Rocket Brand Beans.
If Macklin wanted neat and precise, that was okay with Gladys! 
As for Macklin, his heart was aching and throbbing with powerful feelings. 
But as you know, Macklin had little experience of powerful feelings. He was convinced it was a near-death experience, and made a mental note to have a cup of licorice tea before going to bed. 
"Would you like to stay for supper?" he said. 
"Oh we couldn't!" said Gladys. "I only wanted to--I mean--we couldn't--"
"There's plenty," said Macklin. "There's way too much haggis for just one person in a McBowel's tin."
Gladys looked at Fluffy, and Fluffy looked pointedly at the haggis. He was adding other things now; a bit of horseradish, some oregano, a little ground pepper. 
"It's very kind of you," said Gladys. "I can't stay long; the little ones are alone in the house." 
"Will they be okay?" said Macklin.
"They'll be fine for now. I left them watching cartoons on TV. The doors are open so they can get some fresh air." 
Macklin was astonished. "Aren't you worried about break-ins?" he said. 
Macklin worried about break-ins all the time. His collection of locks and alarm systems was almost as extensive as his collection of miniature rolling stock. 
You had to worry when you had a complete set of MODEL RAILROADER magazines! The city was full of unscrupulous collectors who'd stop at nothing to get their hands on his precious magazines.
And if a thief ever once glommed his eyes on Macklin's original, Varney Docksider switch locomotive, purchased at Uncle Don's Hobby Shop in Calgary, in1957, it would disappear in a flash, to be sold off to some evil collector in Switzerland, or Omaha, Nebraska. 
But Gladys was unconcerned. 
 "The little ones enjoy break-ins," she said. "It gives them a change of diet." 
Macklin thought Gladys was the strangest duck he'd ever met, but for some reason, he was drawn to her. He found himself touching her shoulder as they went into the dining room; then he nervously snatched his hand away. 
Fluffy had done wonders. The Rio Grande silverware gleamed on the Erie Lackawanna tablecloth. The plastic Thomas the Tank Engine glasses had been cleaned, and Fluffy had set out Macklin's best plates, the ones with an image of the famous Great Northern mountain goat. 
There were bottles of lime fizzer, and there was a platter of beautifully done haggis, with raw broccoli for appetizers. 
It was magnificent! 
Macklin complimented Fluffy. The big cayman turned bright red with embarrassment and shuffled his feet. 
Then he grinned. 
It was a splendid feast. 
Macklin couldn't remember a time when he'd been so happy. He told outrageous jokes, and Gladys laughed and laughed. 
Fluffy told jokes that were actually funny. 
When it was over, Fluffy retired to the balcony, where he ate a box of cigars and admired the potential snacks walking on the sidewalk below. 
Gladys and Macklin sat in the living room and listened to railroad songs. 
It was a big sofa, but somehow, they found themselves sitting close together in the middle. 
Gladys had a fresh, country-girl smell--a bouquet made up of the scent of cayman stables, Ivory soap, and of honesty, truth, integrity and purity. 
Macklin looked wonderingly at her, and she looked wonderingly at him. 
Their beaks touched. 
He put a hand on her shoulder. 
Gladys snuggled closer. 
Macklin closed his eyes. She felt so warm, so clean, so scaly....
"HUH?" he said, and his eyes popped open. 
There was Fluffy, sitting between them, grinning happily. 
"Oh my goodness, look at the time!" said Gladys. "I'm afraid we have to go; we have to check on the little ones. If I don't show up soon, they'll get nervous and start eating the neighbors." 
Macklin got to his feet. Fluffy went on ahead and waited by the elevator, in case any interesting snacks got off. 
Gladys lingered in the doorway. 
"I really, really enjoyed tonight," she said. 
Once again, their beaks touched; then, impulsively, she threw her arms around him and kissed him. 
At last she broke away. 
Macklin's heart was beating so fast, he thought the haggis had blocked an artery. 
Gladys waved goodbye and went down the hall to join Fluffy, who was holding the elevator. Fluffy didn't mind taking elevators once he'd eaten a box of cigars.
The cigars made him feel relevant.
Macklin watched in a daze, waving as his sweetheart disappeared into the elevator. Strange bagpipe music filled his head, and a ghostly choir chanted something about an enchanted evening and a stranger across a crowded room.
Gladys, meanwhile, was troubled, and uncertain. She wondered if she'd been too forward. 
What will he think of me, she worried. He's probably saying to himself, 'That hussy! I'll never let her play with my trains again!'
This is not how you refer to a session with a model railroad, as you know. It cannot be stressed enough: model railroads are not toy trains, and you do NOT play with them. You OPERATE them. 
But the lovely Gladys didn't mean any harm; no one had taken the trouble to explain this to her. 
It was Macklin's job, really, but he flubbed it.
Anyway, Gladys was nervous and worried, but she also felt light-headed, happy, and carefree. 
It was very confusing. 
That night, after tucking in the little ones, she sat up late with Fluffy, drinking lime fizzers and watching the Discovery Channel. 
"You like him, don't you Fluffy!" she said. 
Fluffy thumped his tail and hissed. 
Don't let anyone tell you caymans aren't smart. They know what they like. And they're psychic too. 
There are dozens of stories about caymans whose owners left home and forgot to bring them along, or caymans transported great distances by accident, who found their way home with nothing more than a cell phone with GPS, and a Visa card to guide them. 
Anyway, Gladys and Macklin saw each other quite a lot after that. 
Macklin still didn't know what his feelings were, or even that they actually were feelings, but his mood always brightened when he saw Gladys, or when he talked to her on the phone. 
Gladys began to dress up a bit more, and she made sure to clean the cayman poop from her boots before she met Macklin. 
Things were moving along nicely until that fateful moment in the ever-moving present, when Gladys heard low voices as she was about to knock on Macklin's door. 
But that's not a pleasant way to end our little chapter about enchanted evenings and strangers across crowded rooms, so we'll save it for the next operating session. 
Fluffy had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 14: STAND BY YOUR DUCK

The blossoming relationship between Gladys and Macklin might have ended at the door of Macklin's apartment in a bit of kitchen sink drama, with the lovely Gladys KindHeart turning away, grief-stricken, from the awful sight of her sweetheart in the slinky Allura's clutches.
In fact, she had turned away and was on the very point of stepping out of Macklin's life forever, when he fainted. She heard the characteristic thump of a falling Macklin--a graceless sound, like a sack of Kapok dropping.
Gladys whirled around. 
Allura, she of the famous red dress with the slit up the side, grinned slinkily at her.
"You win the cookie--this time," said Allura, and she leaped out the window, sliding down a convenient rope to her impatient Harley-Davidson.
Gladys shook her head.
"There's something odd about that duck," she said to herself.
Fluffy growled irritably because he'd missed out on a very good snack. Somebody had even gone to the trouble of cutting a slit in the red plastic wrapping to vent steam while the delicacy was being microwaved.
Fluffy hardly ever used the microwave. He preferred good old fashioned stoves with organic fire. 
The one time Fluffy had tried to heat up a bowl of McBowel's Inflammable Porridge in the microwave, it had exploded. A piece of solidified porridge had blasted straight up through a 747 that had been passing low overhead.
One chap on the 747 had been traumatized when a lump of charred porridge had shot straight up out of the toilet just as he was about to deposit himself on the seat, but it had missed him by an inch and vanished through the ceiling.
Fortunately the aircraft was flying very close to the ground, because the captain was afraid of heights.
It was only a matter of minutes before a brave flight attendant was able to take the controls and land safely in a clearing in the Gothic forest, in the heart of Toronto's sinister financial district.
Polydoor and Vlod welcomed the dazed passengers with a spot of blood pudding and some nicely packaged copies of Vlod's book: EVERYTHING IS TAXABLE.
So you should always be careful what you put in a microwave.
Anyway, Fluffy rushed to the window, but Allura was already zooming away on her Harley, belting out her favorite song as she rode off into the sunset: 'How much is that doggie in the window....'
Gladys turned her attention to the comatose Macklin, holding a vial of smelling salts under his nose to revive him. A bitter odor of vinegar-fried broccoli wafted from the little tube, bringing tears to her eyes.
Macklin's eyelids fluttered.
"Gladys...." he murmured. "Gladys...I...LIKE you... 
At these words, Gladys's heart melted. "This is the drake for me," she said. " No one is going to take Macklin away from me. A drake not worth fighting for is a drake to be cherished."
There was a snuffling sound from the kitchen. Fluffy turned away from the stove, where he was whipping up a quick pasta, and wept openly. "Oh that's so deeply affecting," he sobbed. 
From somewhere else came another sound, a ghostly wailing of bagpipes, and the faint sound of a Scottish choir singing 'How much is that doggie in the window....' 
Then a harsh voice seemed to come from everywhere at once.
"Och! Are ye sure you're not related to Giseppe Macklino?" it said. "I think ye are, lassie. There must have been a mistake in the nursery. Someone mixed up a perfectly good Macklino girl child with a nitwit of a boy child. We have much to talk about!"
The ghostly voice faded, but not before Gladys caught a glimpse of the shimmering form of a tough old drake in a kilt and a tunic.
He was gone in an instant, but Gladys had the strangest feeling she'd be seeing him again.
Macklin stirred. At the same time, there was a knock at the door.
Gladys answered it, and a duck in a Toronto Maple Leafs goalie outfit wobbled in on his skates, supporting himself with his stick.
It was Demo, actually, his face was hidden by a goalie's mask that looked like the caterpillar in ALICE IN WONDERLAND.
"Anyone seen any hockey pucks in here?" he said. 
"Goodness, I don't think so," said Gladys. "Let me check my purse."
She glanced through her purse while the goalie wobbled further into the room, peering at Macklin.
Fluffy checked his vinyl briefcase for hockey pucks, but all he found were his laptop computer, six tins of corned beef, a can of sardines, twelve boxes of Licorice Allsorts, a box of Digestive Biscuits, Melissa Manners on WHAT NOT TO DO AT PARTIES, an assortment of Barbara Cartland romance novels, a book on the great chefs of Tuscany, a wad of Italian lira from his tour of the restaurants of Florence, and six boxes of cigars.
When Gladys looked up from her purse, she saw that the goalie was kneeling beside Macklin, looking very worried.
"Is he okay?" he asked anxiously.
"He'll be fine after he's had a spot of tea."
"Been working too hard on his model railroad, I guess?"
"Are you a friend of Macklin's?" said Gladys.
"No. No, I...I lost all my pucks, that's why I'm here, going door to door."
"But you knew about his model railroad...."
"Oh that! Everybody has a model railroad. They're very good for your nerves. If Macklin is feeling close to death, he should immediately start work on a new one. Perhaps an exact replica of the layout Gordon Varney commissioned to display his line of model railroad equipment. You might have seen at Macy's. Anyway, ducks who never work on model railroads tend to die VERY YOUNG."
"They do?" said Gladys.
"Sure! Lack of model railroading weakens the immune system."
Suddenly Demo became aware of Fluffy's fascinated attention, and he wobbled back to the door as quickly as he could.
"Gotta go," he said nervously. "Have to find some pucks. It's really hard playing hockey without a puck. You can't score any goals, so you just beat up the other players."
Then he closed the door.
"My goodness, what a strange fellow," said Gladys. "I hope he finds some pucks. He certainly was nervous."
She stroked Fluffy, who purred loudly and went back to the kitchen to check on his pasta.
Macklin was fully awake now.
"Must work on model railroad," he murmured.
"Not before you have a cup of tea," said Gladys.
Macklin turned to her, remembering.
"Gladys...." he croaked.
"Hush," she said, patting his head. "I've already made up my mind about you. No slinky is going to take you away from me."
She helped him to the dining room table, which Fluffy had set with Union Pacific crystal, silver candlesticks, and Great Northern napkins.
They had a wonderful dinner, and afterwards, retired to the study, where Fluffy served cappuccinos, and ate a box of cigars.
Now at last, Macklin unburdened himself, telling Gladys everything about Vlod and Allura, leaving out nothing, except the parts that made him look bad.
Gladys patted him on the head. 
She felt much better now that she'd made her fateful decision. She was a little worried about how they'd handle Vlod Ironbeak, but she'd figure it out.
Fluffy never worried about handling villains--he just ate them. 
Macklin was sort of happy, though anxious people are never really happy. Happiness worries them too much.
Allura had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 15: DEMO'S BAD DAY
Demo was in a troubled state when he left Macklin's condo. 
This was nothing new for Demo; he was a very troubled duck--he didn't like hockey very much.
You might be wondering about him; you might be asking yourself who this Demo person really is, how he likes his broccoli cooked, and what's a nice goalie like him doing in a life of crime anyway?
Demo wasn't always a gangster. 
Before joining the likes of Herman and Loopy, Demo had been a philosophy professor at the University of Strange Thoughts, on the edge of the Gothic forest in the heart of Toronto's sinister financial district.
Demo had been an illustrious academic.
His book, SEE NOTHING, based on a year he'd spent living with the deconstructionists, is still the standard work on the subject.
The deconstructionists, as you know, are a tribe of nomads who wander across the deserts of North America, from strip mall to strip mall, pitching their tents wherever they find broccoli.
Demo also wrote BIOGRAPHY OF A BORE, which recounts the life a duck who never did anything at all. The Blackwell's edition runs to 1417 pages.
Volume II is still at the publisher's. 
After a short bout of teaching, however, Demo suffered a flame-out, and crashed into a barrel of single-malt whiskey in the Kilt and Dirk, a hang-out for tough intellectuals in Yorkville, near the entrance to the Underworld.
We'll talk about the entrance to the Underworld later.
Anyway, Demo was in a clinic, having his identity restored by specialists from the Hospital for Very Sick People, when he met Herman, who was having a brain implant after a stint as a TV critic for a local newspaper.
The two invalids hit it off while sharing a temporary personality in the recovery ward, and it was only a matter of time before Demo joined the gang.
At first, he loved his new life as a gangster. He didn't have to go around showing how ironic he was by sneering at popular taste.
Now he could chill with the other gangsters, swoon over the lovely opera star, Adelaide Pectin (we'll get back to her later), and he'd never have to look at another graduate thesis again.
Meanwhile, Adelaide was on stage, singing the wonderful 'Song of the Demented Frog' from the opera, SOME PRINCES JUST WANT TO BE AMPHIBIANS.
Those of you who are opera lovers will know this is the moment when the handsome prince turns his back on the lovely Angelique Webstar, who has traveled a thousand miles through tourist attractions, customs offices and shopping centers to rescue her beloved from the evil Frogs of Doom.
But the prince is under their spell now, and rejects the splendid Angelique because he wants to marry Princess Thunder Webs.
Then, as the last echoes of Angelique's heart-rending plea fade away, the Frogs of Doom begin their triumphant chorus.
Moments later, Bendix, Lord of the Frogs of Doom utters a cruel laugh from his lily-pad throne.
Hush now, as Angelique weeps in despair. The audience weeps with her, except for the deconstructionists, of course, who have tethered their camels in the snack bar and are sneering at the middle-class fools who believe there's more to what you get than what you see.
That's enough about Angelique.
Demo, having left Macklin's condo, was trying to get through to Vlod on his cell phone. Eventually he took off one of his goalie's gloves and managed to hit the correct numbers.
Then he recited the code phrase that would tell Vlod it really was Demo calling, and not some imposter who looked exactly like him.
"The Toronto Maple Leafs sure played a great game last night," he said.
"There's no hockey in the summer," Vlod intoned.
"There ISN'T?" said Demo, forgetting about the code phrase. "How come I have to wear this stupid goalie outfit all the time?"
There was a weary sigh from Vlod's end of the conversation.
"Why aren't you keeping an eye on Macklin?" he demanded.
"There's a female with him, boss. Her name is Gladys KindHeart."
"Go back and kill her."
"Huh?" Demo nearly dropped the cell phone. "Kill Gladys? I can't do that, boss. She's a nice person."
"Does she pay taxes?"
"Yes, of course! Don't we all?"
"Hmmm.... This could be difficult. Death is not an option for a taxpayer. We can't have our revenue base shrinking."
"She could help us, boss. She could encourage him."
Vlod thought about this for a moment. 
"Very well," he said. "As long as she keeps current with her tax installments."
Vlod hung up and Demo tried to put away his cell phone. The gloves defeated him, however, and he dropped it on the sidewalk.
A passing boy scout picked it up for him.
"Thank you," said Demo.
"You're welcome sir or madam," said the boy scout. "Can I help you across the street?"
"I don't want to cross the street."
"Yes you do," said the boy scout, grabbing his arm. 
"No I don't."
"Sure you do. It won't hurt a bit. I'll look after you."
"Let go of my arm."
"There are two kinds of people in this world, sir. Those who cross the street, and those who get trampled to death by elephants."
Demo sneered. "Oh yeah! You and whose elephants?"
There was a trumpeting noise behind him. The ground shook.
Demo uttered a terrified squawk and wobbled out of the way in the nick of time.
The boy scout levitated.
The elephants thundered out into the street where they crashed into a truck loaded with performing mice. The mice were bound for the Festival of the Happy Cats at the Temple of Doom, near the Granite Club in North Toronto.
The Festival of the Happy Cats, by the way, was organized by the Emperor of all the Cats as a consolation for having to live with dogs.
They spend two days playing violent video games involving dogs and lions, they listen to cat rappers, they stuff themselves with hundred-year-old fish, and drink lots of catnip juice.
Then they stagger home and sleep for another year, until the next festival.
Anyway, Demo wobbled into a nearby StarShekels and hid behind a tall latte. 
An existentialist waved his baguette at him.
"Anything out there, man?"
"Just a squashed truck, a lot of mice chasing some elephants, and a boy scout levitating," said Demo.
"Borrrrringgg!" said the existentialist. "I think I'll kill myself."
Just then a woman slinked into the shop. She was wearing black net stockings, a miniskirt, and the existentialist's eyeballs, which had flown across the room to attach themselves to her sweater.
The existentialist rudely pointed his baguette at her.
"Hey man!" he said.
Demo, left to his own devices, hunched down behind the latte. He wasn't sure he wanted to play with Vlod anymore.
It wasn't fair! He'd been forced to wear a stupid goalie outfit; he'd been attacked by a herd of elephants, and he'd almost been ordered to kill someone who was actually quite nice.
He was a gangster, for Pete's sake, not a young, upwardly mobile career person.
Demo had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 16: RUTABAGAS OF FATE

You might still be wondering about Demo-- why is he like this? When did he lose his self-esteem, and what did he replace it with?
Raised by a family of accountants, he was taught from an early age that all we see in this life are shadows of perfect tax forms.
As soon as he could read, he was encouraged to find the hidden jokes in corporate balance sheets.
He was good at this, but his heart wasn't in it.
Not everyone is blessed with a need to count things up and then subtract them.
Accounting was invented by Richard Fingers, by the way, a Chinese mathematician and dentist who became Pharaoh in 2496 B.C. 
His reign lasted for one day. 
No one in ancient Egypt liked doing math homework.
Later, accounting was taken over by the priests and renamed mysticism, in honor of Plato, because they hadn't heard of Newton yet. People who didn't do their math homework were burnt as heretics.
Demo, however, never accepted any of this.
Even as a child, he'd been rebellious. Who else would tip the sacred abacus on its side and toss little rubber cat toys at it?
Anyway, such were the seeds of Demo's future life of gangsterism, and academic adventurism.
Demo remained under his parents' watchful eyes until, at the age of eighteen, he entered the University of Strange Thoughts, in the Gothic forest, in the heart of Toronto's sinister financial district.
He was supposed to study very hard and get a part-time job as chief financial officer of a large corporation.
Next door to the accounting building, however, was a StarShekels coffee shop frequented by existentialists and deconstructionists. 
The dean of accounting had, in his wisdom, declared it off limits, and had drawn a red circle around it, symbolizing error.
We all know what happens when you tell a curious young student "Don't go there!" We've seen it a thousand times in horror movies. 
As a matter of fact, horror movies wouldn't exist if everyone simply did what they were told. We might have lots of movies about slaughters, Inquisitions, holy wars and political corruption, but certainly not horror movies.
Anyway, ten minutes after registering at the university and discovering that none of the prescribed books were in stock, Demo entered the forbidden coffee shop.
At the bar, a man in a leather hat was cracking cockroaches with a whip while he examined a recently unearthed artifact, translating its runic devices from memory as he lovingly caressed it with his free hand.
A nazi in full dress uniform tried to steal it, but the man in the leather hat severed his head with a single crack of his whip.
Let that be a lesson to you; don't even think about joining the Nazis!
Nazis, as everybody knows, are a collection of wimps who spend all of their time strutting around in uniforms and speaking English in a Teutonic accent.
They have some pretty good tanks, but they don't know how to aim properly, so they usually miss whatever they're shooting at. 
The minute anyone in a leather hat cracks a whip or throws a punch, Nazis fall down like bowling pins, screaming curses. That's why Allied soldiers had it so easy during World War II, and the war ended so quickly, with almost no loss of life. 
The moment Demo saw the man in the leather hat, he wanted to be just like him. He wanted to caress an artifact, crack cockroaches with a whip, and make Nazis fall down like bowling pins.
Then he saw the deconstructionists sitting with their camels at a big table in the middle of the room.
The effect was shattering.
Deconstructionists, as you know, are an exotic crew, wandering from strip mall to strip mall in their search for broccoli and things to sneer at.
They don't have sacred images or holy beer, and their ritual devices are usually all-in-one tools that can dismantle complex works of art in minutes, leaving only a heap of broken images.
Fascinated by these glamorous people, Demo joined them on the spot.
Then he made the long trek out to the crater in Mississauga, where novice deconstructionists are trained in nothing at all.
This phase of his life lasted until he met Sally Popoff, who immediately led him astray.
We'll talk about Sally in a moment. 
Fortunately, Demo had kept up his course work while fraternizing with the deconstructionists; he had managed to collect a number of degrees in experimental philosophy, so he wasn't bereft when he changed careers yet again.
He had Something To Fall Back On.
It isn't surprising he fell for Sally, by the way. She was quite a seductive charmer, with her slinky green dress and her basket of rutabagas tucked under an enticing arm.
Sally was an action painter; she dropped rotten rutabagas off cliffs and photographed the mess for galleries. Curators fought for the right to show her work.
At the time Sally met Demo, she was living with a cold, evil piccolo player.
This is how she met Demo: he was pitching his tent on the grounds of the Acme Steel and Wire Plant, near the CP tracks, not far from the Centre for Strange Science, when a large quantity of rutabagas fell on him.
He wiped away the mess and looked up, wondering if the world had deconstructed while he was trying to figure out how to tie a bowline.
Then he saw Sally's attractive red and green hair, and the pet iguana, hissing and spitting from its perch on her shoulder.
It was love at first sight.
Demo had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 17: MOMMY'S GANGSTERS

Meanwhile, back in the present, gang-leader Herman was in trouble. 
While pretending to be an existentialist in a StarShekels Coffee Shop, he had got his baguette stuck in a vending machine. 
It was the kind of vending machine that dispenses trading cards. Herman had already blown five loonies on a pack that included two Wittgensteins, a Sartre, a Don Rickles, and an Oscar the Grouch. 
Loonies, by the way, are Canadian coins worth one dollar. There's a theory going around that they came to be called loonies because of the picture of a loon on the back of each coin.
Actually it has something to do with Canada's prime ministers.
Anyway, Herman, having lucked out on the first pack of trading cards, decided to go for a second pack. 
Greed is quite often the trigger that releases the 10-ton safe attached to the Hippopotamus of Fate's rocking chair.
The second pack got stuck in the chute. 
Herman went crazy. He shook the machine, he kicked it, he called it a bourgeois telemarketing spammer. 
Then he poked his baguette into the chute, trying to dislodge the packet of trading cards. Who knew what valuable cards might be hidden away in the silver foil? Locke? Des Cartes? Clint Eastduck? 
That was when his baguette got stuck. 
Herman was desperate now. What is an existentialist without his baguette? 
Sweat poured down his brow as he tugged at the stubborn thing. A moan escaped his lips. 
A passing boy scout, seeing his plight and asked Herman if he needed any help crossing the street. 
When there was no response to this, the boy scout left Herman to his own devices and went off to build a particle accelerator for his next merit badge.
A woman got up on a chair behind Herman and read a poem. 
"This is a poem about death," she said. 
"Nnnggghhh!" said Herman. He braced himself, gathering all of the strength in his evil villain's body, gave a last mighty yank, and the baguette popped free. 
Herman flew backwards, holding the baguette in both hands like a fire hose. 
At that moment, Demo wobbled into the shop and bellowed, "Anyone seen any hockey pucks in here?" 
And Loopy, the third member of the gang, who had painted his face green to look like an alien, came down the chimney in a green alien's suit, with a bag of rutabagas to hand out to the patrons. 
"Anyone seen any UFO's around here?" he asked. 
Herman, who was shooting backwards at terrific speed, struck Demo with the force of a Pickard Trilobite Speedster Deluxe at full throttle, and the two of them cannoned into Loopy, knocking him straight into a lady wrestler who was flexing her biceps.
"DEATH!" intoned the poet on the chair.
Meanwhile, the lady wrestler's very tall, extra-wide latte with extra growth hormones, was knocked from its perch on top of her head, where she'd been storing it while she flexed her muscles. The latte went flying out the window into the street, where it scorched a flock of elephants who'd been window shopping outside George's Trains, the world-famous hobby shop next door to the coffee shop. 
The enraged elephants charged the coffee shop, quacking like telemarketers. 
Herman had the feeling something very bad was about to happen...
Before we get to the bad part, you might want to know a little more about Herman, who wasn't really born a villain, but chose to become one after he checked out the alternatives. 
During his youth, he showed little sign of the gangsterism that would come to dominate a portion of his adult life. He did what all kids do; he went to school, he set out trap lines in the Gothic forest in the heart of Toronto's sinister financial district, he delivered haggis, and he sneered at educational programs on television. 
Then, in his thirties, he started a gang. 
There were six members when he first thought of the idea, but three of them were eaten by caymans, and one fell into the big particle accelerator in Omaha, Nebraska, where he mutated into a Precambrian life form. 
Anyway, they all met during a seminar on Breathing Practice for Expectant Mothers and their Husbands at a clinic in the Hospital for Very Sick People, on the edge of the Gothic forest in the heart of Toronto's sinister financial district. 
By a strange coincidence, all of the guys were working as romance novelists at the time. 
Herman, however, was frustrated, because he had writer's block. 
"I'm sick of this kind of work," he told the other guys. "I'd rather be a mastodon rancher. Is anybody else here sick of writing?" 
"I could use a break," said Loopy. "I'm getting tired of making things up. What have you got in mind?' 
"I was thinking of taking over the world," said Herman. 
"Naah! It's been done already." 
"No it hasn't." 
"Has too!" said Loopy. "Look at Thomas Crapper. His stuff is everywhere!"
"That's not taking over the world!" said Herman. "That's creating new paradigms." 
"Who cares!" said Loopy. "Taking over the world is too much trouble." 
"What are you talking about?" said Herman. "There's nothing to it! First you get an evil villain--" 
"Where you gonna get one of those?" Loopy demanded. 
"Any volunteers?" asked Herman,  looking at each of the other ducks in turn. 
"Um...I'm busy Tuesdays and Thursdays," said a duck in a yellow sweater with a picture of a marmot on the front. "I have grief counseling and ballroom line dancing." 
"I'm busy Wednesdays," said a duck in a purple sweater with a picture of a vole on the front. "I have remedial self-esteem classes." 
"Guess that puts a crimp in it," said Loopy. 
"You can't take over the world if you don't have an evil villain," said the marmot-lover. 
"Hard to find evil villains these days," said the vole-lover. "Everybody's too busy." 
"I'll do it," said Herman. 
"It was a nice idea, though," said vole duck. 
"I'm not so sure," said marmot duck. "Taking over the world's not all it's cracked up to be. "The paperwork is a killer."
"I SAID I'd do it!" Herman roared.
"And the file clerk always sends you away because you're missing a form," said vole duck. 
"Oh man, doesn't that tick you off!" said Loopy. "I mean, the other day I was planning on a little renovation project, I wanted to turn my garage into a nuclear decontamination facility so I could make a little extra cash on the side. You should see the paperwork! You'd think I was planning a new bedroom or something." 
"I SAID I'D DO IT!" yelled Herman. "I'LL BE THE EVIL VILLAIN. YOU WON'T HAVE TO LIFT A FINGER!" 
The other ducks in the breathing class all looked at him. 
There was a light shining in his eyes. 
People who have lights shining in their eyes are dangerous. It usually means they think like Mack Trucks. This is the road, that's where I'm going, those little lumps are things that got in my way. 
The reason Herman had lights shining in his eyes was this: he was really, really blocked as a romance writer. 
But we'll get to that in a minute. 
The other ducks began to listen as he set forth his plans. 
Loopy had a bad feeling about this-- 

 
CHAPTER 18: AESOP'S VILLAINY SHOP

Some evil gangs take their origins in suitably noir settings, like smoky candy stores or seedy daycare centers in the backs of pool halls and model railroad clubs.
Few could top Herman's gang, born at a Breathing Class for Expectant Mothers and Their Husbands.
It's important to learn how to breathe properly when you're about to experience the ordeal of childbirth.
Anyway, the gang listened while Herman spun out his ideas on what sort of a mission statement they should adopt, and whether they should use clean, white business cards with a black skull and crossbones, or trendy, off-white business cards with a mauve skull and crossbones.
Image is everything these days.
Then he got to the important stuff.
"Relax!" he said. "We hire an accountant to do the paperwork. We don't have to think about it. We just think about the neat stuff, like building longships and staffing them with blood-thirsty ducks, and getting a supply of those really great helmets with horns sticking out of the sides."
There was a silence while the other members of the gang contemplated this. Try as they might, they couldn't see a downside. It was all looting and sacking, and no boring jail time in between.
It looked good.
"I think I can manage Fridays," said vole duck. "I'm supposed to go to choir practice, but I think I can reschedule."
"Fridays are good for me," said marmot duck. "We have to finish taking over the world by 11:30, though. Jenny likes me to give her a back rub before she goes to sleep."
In case some of you are wondering, these ducks have names, but I'm not going to mention them here. You don't want to get emotionally attached to ducks who are about to be eaten by caymans.
And in case you're starting to feel sorry for the expectant mothers married to these ducks, don't worry. The insurance settlement from the Happy Bob's Fun Time Theme Park, where their temporary attachments will be eaten, will make them comfy for the rest of their lives.
And they didn't like their husbands anyway. They were forced into arranged marriages by their fathers, who were practicing to be medievalists at the University of Strange Thoughts, on the edge of the Gothic forest in the heart of Toronto's sinister financial district.
And the women weren't actually expecting babies; they were just THINKING about expecting babies, so don't start feeling sorry for the potential babies.
And Herman, by the way, wasn't even married to the duck who had invited him. Her husband, who will later be eaten by eagles, was away on a business trip to Tewksbury, and had asked Herman to stand in for him.
Herman went along with the idea because he was blocked in his romance writing, as you know, and would do absolutely anything to get away from the blank screen on his computer.
So that explains everything.
Anyway, the other guys were getting interested in taking over the world, and wanted more details.
"So how does it work?" said Loopy, who was a little more on the ball than the two who would soon be eaten by caymans.
The third duck, who would soon be eaten by Orson Welles, never talked very much. He had a fossil trilobite stuck in his throat.
You should always be careful when you buy day-old bakery products; you never know what you'll get.
"Okay, here's how it works," said Herman. "First we buy special outfits. You can't take over the world in old sweat shirts and jeans; you have to have trademarked Spandex."
The other guys looked down at their unsuspecting torsos. This didn't make them think about super villains in trademarked Spandex, however; it made them think about pears and penguins.
"Ummm--" said Vole duck.
"Yeah, I know," sighed Herman. "Bad idea! We need something more voluminous."
Herman had maintained his boyish figure by starving for awhile, until he managed to sell his first romance novel to an unsuspecting publisher.
Legitimate romance writers, by the way, look askance at amateurs without any knowledge of or respect for the genre invading their turf.
And rightly so. 
Anyway, Herman led his gang to Big Aesop's Villainy Shop And Take-out Haggis Joint, in the Silver Delicious bank tower, in Toronto's sinister financial district.
Those of you who've never darkened the door of Big Aesop's before are in for a treat. 
It's quite a large shop, taking up the length of the building on one side. 
The bankers sharpening their beaks on ledges high up near the lobby ceiling add a certain character, like props in a nineteenth-century horror novel.
The shop itself is a marvelous clutter of ingenious devices.
The gang members exclaimed delightedly over the exploding licorice sticks, the trick bran flakes, the 47 different kinds of haggis, the large boxes of McBowel's Inflammable Porridge.
Then a wolf howled from somewhere within.
Vole-duck screamed and backed towards the door.
"Down Cecil!" shouted a voice. "Down, I say! Here, bite this sheet metal."
Then an odd-looking chap walked out to greet them.
He was wearing a villainy brown smock, which made him look like a walrus in a bag. He had small, cunning eyes,  and a beak that could trumpet the apocalypse.
Not all religions on Tockworld accept the idea of an apocalypse, by the way. Some people believe the universe will simply deflate, like a leaky bladder.
Behind Big Aesop, chewing on the fender of a Pickard Trilobite, was a wolf the size of a golf cart.
Herman joined his gang in a subtle back-step to the door.
" I think we opened the wrong door," he said. "Sorry to bother you. We were looking for ...um...stethoscopes...in case we wanted to study medicine."
"Is that a werewolf?" said vole-duck.
"Yes, but he's only a little one," said Big Aesop. "Don't be afraid of Cecil. He's a SHOW werewolf. I raise them in back. My name is Aesop, by the way. I used to be a psychotic killer, but I took an early retirement package, and now I'm much nicer. What sort of stethoscope were you looking for?"
"Umm...we changed our minds," said Loopy in a very small voice.
"WHY, for goodness sakes? You aren't afraid of Cecil, are you? He only gashes and rends people during full moons, and that's two days away. Besides, I'm the one who picks out his victims for him, so you'd better stay on my good side."
"Yes, of course," said Herman, reaching for the doorknob.
"Ha ha ha ha ha ha!" said Aesop. "Aren't I funny! It's a joke, of course. I wouldn't dream of sending Cecil out to rend a loyal customer. I reserve him for people who look but don't buy. Now what can I do for you?"
"Ummm--"
"Speak loudly and carry a limp stick. That's my advice. People are so busy laughing at the stick, they don't see the exploding rutabaga tucked into your belt. You should read Clauswitz on shopping. The element of surprise is very important."
Herman was beginning to like this odd looking shopkeeper. But could he trust him?
Oh well, what the heck!
"Umm, what we're really interested are costumes for taking over the world," he said. "Good ones. Not fakes."
"Goodness gracious me! Why didn't you say so! Did you hear that, Cecil? These ducks want to take over the world! Golly! Haven't seen anyone trying that in ages."
"Really?" said Herman, pleased. He hated being just a number in a crowded field.
"Last week it was, I think," said Aesop. "There was a telemarketer asking about costumes for that very thing. Oh we didn't like that one, did we Cecil! Very rude, he was. Told us we'd better hop to it and find him something or he'd register our telephone number and e-mail address with 5432 different telemarketers."
"That's horrible," said Herman.
"Something happened to him," Aesop said vaguely. "He lost of all his blood. Careless of him, don't you think?"
"Ummm,"
Aesop held up a leather coat.
"Genuine," he said. "Black leather from the...um--don't pay any attention to these labels. It says made by petroleum engineers at Acme Chemicals and Apparel, but that's just to fool the inspectors. I sew these labels in because--" he drew Herman closer and whispered, "I don't want the customs people to know I'm importing coats for people who want to take over the world. They might get suspicious, you know."
"Of course," said Herman, liking big Aesop even more.
"The thing is, I bought them in Istanbul, I think they belonged to Attila the Hun's personal guard, the Order of the Haggis."
Herman was impressed, though he'd never heard of the Order of the Haggis before. There was obviously a lot to learn in this Taking Over The World business. 
But getting the right uniform was important.
He picked up the coat.
"What do you think guys?" he said.
"Do they always smell like burning rubber?" asked Loopy.
Cecil growled.
"We'll take them," Herman said quickly.
"Good, good, good!" said Aesop, rubbing his hands and gloating. "I can see you'll go far in this business. Oh yes indeed, you ducks have what it takes! Now, let me show you something else....."
Herman watched as Aesop opened a special display case, the one with the itching powder and the tips on how to hypnotize women and make them overlook your various defects. 
Herman had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 19: SPOT OF THE NEGEV

Meanwhile, the moment Demo saw Sally Popoff, it was love at first sight.
And when Sally Popoff noticed that she had dumped her basket of rutabagas on Demo, she, too, knew it was love at first sight.
Isn't that romantic!
Of course, Demo was still in his pre-academic phase, and couldn't actually admit to loving someone, or his brain would melt.
Action artists who dropped rutabagas off cliffs couldn't admit to love either; it wasn't cool.
"This isn't love," Sally said as she introduced herself and smooched with him a bit.
"I know," said Demo, smooching back.
"It's just a chemical reaction."
"Happens all the time," said Demo. "The meta narrative did it."
"Your place or mine?" said Sally.
What Sally wanted, Sally got. Demo never had a chance.
Not long after that first bout of smooching, while they were still getting acquainted, Sally made her play.
"Care for the life of a seedy academic?" she asked.
Demo was caught off guard. 
ME, a seedy academic? he thought. ME, attending learned conferences, fighting duels with my colleagues, decapitating undergraduates?
Suddenly he was interested. He'd always wanted a life of action. Now was his chance!
But what about his friends and companions? What about those wonderful nights around the deconstructionist campfires in the strip malls, roasting marshmallows and singing, 'How Much is That Doggie in the Window?'
"I'd love to become a seedy academic, but I can't abandon my tribe," he said. 
"You don't have to," Sally said.
"I don't? You mean a person can be an academic and a deconstructionist nomad at the same time?"
"Of course you can, sweetie," said Sally, touching his lips with a rutabaga.
"I don't see how," said Demo. "Deconstructionists don't teach anything; they take things apart."
Sally laughed. "I wouldn't worry if I were you."
"What about my camel? I could never abandon Spot! Are academics allowed to ride camels?"
"Of course they are, silly! They do it all the time! It's called applying for a grant."
"Where do I put him while I'm at work?"
"No problem, Baby Cakes. You ask the Supervisor of Perks to reserve a carrel in the library for Spot. The supervisor can be bribed with body parts stolen from graves."
This was a load off Demo's mind. He'd grown very attached to his camel.
Spot was really quite a good camel, with a backup hump in case one fell off, and an inexhaustible supply of off-color jokes.
Spot, as you know, was one of the famous Camels of the Negev, 
The Camels of the Negev worship the Supreme Being by collecting facts, which they keep in their humps.
Anyway, Demo was pleasantly surprised when he learned that camels are not at all unusual in academic institutions. In short order, he got a job at the University of Strange Thoughts, where Sally taught art when she wasn't dropping rutabagas off cliffs and balconies.
It wasn't long before they rented a loft on MacPherson Avenue, beside the CP tracks. Spot slept on a couch in the living room and spent his days improving his culinary skills and writing a novel about the fiords of the Negev.
Demo found himself pulled deeper and deeper into the role of a seedy academic.
Would he ever escape and become a gangster?
Of course. But at what cost?
He had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 20: THE SEVEN-MINUTE ITCH

Demo's happiness didn't last long. 
Things started off well enough--he had a glamorous action-artist girlfriend, he was popular with graduate students, and he wrote a very successful book on the deconstructionists.
It was the book that changed things for him--it got him into trouble and made his life exciting for a time.
Excitement is addictive to an academic; once they've tasted a little, they want more, and then more again, until their ordinary, mundane existence begins to seem tedious.
The book got him into trouble because he'd revealed too much; he'd talked about the crater in Mississauga where deconstructionists learn absolutely nothing at all, and where they conduct imaginary rituals for a goddess who doesn't appear because she doesn't exist.
The deconstructionists didn't take kindly to a book revealing their secret rituals. 
Telemarketers were sent out to annoy him to death, but he redirected their calls to tech support and they rotted and died while waiting for an answer.
Demo had enjoyed this little challenge, and when another one was not forthcoming, he grew irritable and restless.
Unfortunately, Sally had grown irritable and restless at the same time. 
She was tired of rutabagas.
Also, she'd become interested in a microbiologist with a big digital camera. He'd already shown her his etchings of houseflies magnified one thousand times, and he was planning on showing her his photographs of lice.
So Demo moved out, taking Spot with him, and rented a trailer in a tornado-infested park.
Shortly afterwards, he met the famous barrel of single-malt Scotch that nearly undid him. And while recovering from this phase of his career, he met Herman.
Spot had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 21: SUPER GLADYS

Gladys KindHeart, meanwhile, having made her decision to stand by her duck, was grappling with the problem of what to do next.
Macklin waited in embarrassed silence, filled with shameful memories of his illicit smooching with Allura.
Fluffy was feeling puckish. 
Not that supper had been inadequate; he'd whipped up an excellent pasta to go with Macklin's haggis and after that, he'd eaten forty custard tarts and a box of cigars.
The trouble with cigars, though, is no matter how many you eat, you always feel hungry ten minutes later.
Gladys and Macklin had retired to the living room, while Fluffy examined the contents of the fridge.
Macklin was showing Gladys his collection of track-planning handbooks, and his photographs of famous model railroaders.
Gladys was keenly interested; here was the real Macklin, the key to the inner duck.
"These guys are all celebrities," said Macklin. "What I don't understand is why Vlod chose ME instead of one of them. I mean, I'm not bad, but I'm not in their league!"
Gladys gave him a little pat on the beak. 
"You're so modest, Macklin!" she said. "That's one of the reasons I like you so much."
"I'm not being modest," he said. "I know my limitations; I'm good at building museum-quality model railways that make people gasp with delight and amazement, but I'm not awesome like these other guys."
"Nevertheless, you were chosen," said Gladys. "You are The One."
 Macklin stared at her with rapt attention. "You really think I'm The One?" he said.
"It's as plain as the beak on your face," said Gladys. "You have super powers. You can see model railroads where others see only a dining room table, or a living room filled with precious antiques." 
Macklin thought about this. True enough, he only had to walk into a room to instantly see the possibilities for a model railroad empire. 
But people rarely appreciated this gift.
"Mom used to threaten me when I started talking about track plans," he said. "I don't know how many times I heard the phrase, "Put a single piece of track on my rosewood table and you'll spend the rest of your life in your room! Go play with your trains in the traffic!'"
Gladys was deeply moved by this. "I'm sorry," she said. "It must have been terrible for you."
Macklin's eyes filled with tears. "No one understands me," he said in a broken voice. "Especially not my mom. She never figured out that I wasn't PLAYING with trains; I was OPERATING my model railroad."
There was a sudden, muffled smirking noise from the kitchen, where Fluffy was reading the stock market obituaries, but it stopped when Gladys gave him a reproving look.
"It's hard for ordinary people to understand," she said, patting Macklin's head. "They go about their daily lives, never looking up, never realizing a master model railroader with super powers might be in their midst."
Macklin shook his head.
"Do you really, really think I'm The One?"  he said. "Are you sure you don't have the wrong duck."
"I'm never wrong about these things," said Gladys. "You can't escape your destiny, Macklin. You were meant to save the world from mediocre model railroads. But first we have to find out what Vlod really wants."
"That's easy," said Macklin. "He wants a nice train layout, so he can spend his days admiring it and sometimes actually operating it.:
Gladys sighed. 
"Are you so sure, Macklin?" she said.
"But what else could he want? I mean, do you really think he's going to all of this trouble just to make the ghost of  Lenore Big Webs feel better? EVERYBODY wants a model railroad!"
"Villains like Vlod Dracula are many-layered beings," said Gladys. "They never reveal what they really want, because they often don't know what they want until they find out someone else owns it."
"I never knew."
"That's because you haven't read Clauswitz on ownership. I suspect what Vlod really wants is the Power of Durable Evil."
At these words, Macklin felt a chill go through him. THE POWER OF DURABLE EVIL! Good grief! The mere thought of it filled him with terror as well as an inexpressible yearning for power and glory, and revenge against all of the jocks and glamorous entities who had made school such a harrowing experience for him.
"But why?" he stammered. "What could Vlod possibly want with the Power of Durable Evil? After all, he's the duck who has everything. Even the Jolly Fat Llama must have trouble figuring out what to bring him on Llama's Eve."
"Oh Macklin!" Gladys sighed. "The Power of Durable evil is the Holy Bucket for villains."
"Blasphemy!" whispered Macklin. "You'd compare the Bucket that Jack and Jill dropped with the--"
"Of course," said Gladys. "The Holy Bucket that Jack and Jill dropped is just a bucket, after all. It wasn't the bucket itself that was important; it was the Supreme Being's command not to drop it."
"Even so--"
"Don't get hung up on artifacts," Macklin. "The Power of Durable Evil is the important thing. Everything else is just a symbol. In fact, Durable Evil, as you know, is usually represented as an evil rubber duckie. The sphinx, in fact."
"Oooh!" shuddered Macklin. "The rubber duckie of evil gives me the shivers."
"Don't be silly, Macklin! The rubber duckie not important in itself; it's just a sort of matrix, collecting all of the nasty, secret thoughts and feelings that infect even the nicest minds from time to time. It's the feelings that matter, not the artifact."
"Gosh!"
"The rubber duckie of evil is especially dangerous, because it can change its shape to appeal to weak-willed people. To some it appears as a beautiful armadillo--"
"Vlod hates armadillos," said Macklin, shuddering.
"To others, it appears as a shimmering, glittering model railroad."
"That's horrible!" said Macklin.
"Which, I suspect, is the real reason Vlod wants you to build a model railroad. He's hoping to capture the Power of Durable Evil for himself. I could be wrong, but I don't trust Vlod."
"Good grief!" said Macklin, looking at his sweetheart with new eyes. She seemed so down-to-earth, so practical, so like country-fresh produce!
"I can't believe you know all this!" he said. "You know more than I do!"
"I'm sorry, Macklin. I had an advantage, I suppose. I learned a lot at the Finishing School For Innocent Young Girls. Those girls were supposed to be so pure, so free of evil influence and rap music, but they had special pores in their skin that could absorb evil influences the way an armadillo absorbs ants."
"Gosh, I never knew. I'll be on my guard in future."
"Fortunately, those girls rarely take an interest in controlling the entire world; they just want unlimited charge accounts. Vlod is another story."
"So I should refuse to build the model railroad?"
"Build it, Macklin, but don't tell Vlod when you've finished it. Wait until we've had a chance to find out how it works."
Macklin nodded uncertainly. 
"Usually you attach a power pack and run the engines," he said.
Gladys gave him a sweet smile.
"Dear, dear Macklin," she said. "You leave the strategy to me; just do the best you can."
Macklin shook his head. He felt dazed and helpless. All of this stuff about Vlod, about The Power of Durable Evil and all of its rubber duckies--it was too much to deal with.
"How come you know so much, Gladys?" he demanded. "Are you a secret agent?"
Gladys gave him a secretive little smile; then she said, ""Excuse me a moment, please. I have to go and brush pastry crumbs from my BROWN coveralls and my BROWN boots."
Then she went to the bathroom and closed the door. 
After awhile, Macklin could hear loud brushing sounds.
When at last Gladys returned, she gave him a dazzling smile.
Macklin was a little puzzled, because he was still in full worry mode, and didn't think there was much to be dazzling about.
"Notice anything?" Gladys said, turning slowly in front of him. "I tried to give you a hint when I left."
Macklin gasped.
Gladys had gone away wearing brown coveralls and brown boots, and she had come back wearing bright red coveralls and red boots.
And there was a huge designer label on her breast that said, Gladys KindHeart, Super Agent.
Macklin was stupefied.
"Who? What?" he said.
"Yes, it's true," said Gladys modestly. "Your eyes have not deceived you. I, Gladys KindHeart, am a Secret Agent for DAVE, which is short for Ducks Against Villainy and Evil."
"But, but, HOW?" sputtered Macklin.
"It was no accident I found caymans so intriguing when I was young," said Gladys. "It was destiny; our fates were intertwined."
"Are you a cayman?" gasped Macklin.
Gladys looked down even more modestly than before.
There was a loud snoring noise from the kitchen, where Fluffy was sleeping off his peckishness.
"I'm not a cayman," said Gladys. "But I do have a super power."
"Huh?" Macklin shrank back as though he'd seen an armadillo. "You're SUPERMAN? But I thought--"
"Silly duck!" said Gladys, patting his head. "Not those super powers. I don't have any comic books named after me, and I can't see through a person's clothes!"
"But...when did you become Super Gladys?" said Macklin.
"It happened after Fluffy rescued me from Tony Cad. I was just starting to get over that horrible ordeal when an alien abducted me. It was there, on the alien's flying saucer, that my secret power was revealed to me."
Macklin listened in fascinated horror.
The Hippopotamus of Fate had a bad feeling about this.... 

 
CHAPTER 22: EVIL ALIENS

Aliens, as you know, don't have any manners. They usually snatch people away in their pajamas, put them in very cold rooms on flying saucers, and stick sharp instruments into them.
This is called Surgery.
Fortunately, Gladys sleeps in her coveralls and boots, so she didn't have any problems involving a shortage of outer garments when the alien spotted her.
And she wasn't at a loss for conversation either. Her years in a finishing school served her well; she was able to look things up in her GREAT BIG BOOK OF THINGS TO DO AND SAY WHEN YOU ARE ABDUCTED BY ALIENS.
There was a dictionary of common alien phrases like, 'Take Me To Your Leader', and 'Do You Like broccoli?' along with their English equivalents, 'Ooooh, nasty! Is it catching?' and 'Egads! That used to be Smith!"
So Gladys wasn't exactly helpless.
Right away, when other people would be practicing their sound bites for CNN and frantically trying to reach the NATIONAL ENQUIRER on their cell phones, Gladys was able to strike up a conversation with the alien.
"Do you like broccoli?" she asked.
The alien was ecstatic! 
You would be too, if you stumbled on an intelligent life form after decades of hearing  "Eek, hide under the bed; it's my husband!", or, "Where'd you get the mudpack, sweetie? I've got to try it!"
The alien switched on his neon hair and grinned at Gladys with all three of his mouths. 
Then he gave her an impassioned speech that lasted for an hour. He flung up his arms theatrically. He flung some of them back down again. He clacked his mandibles. He did a little Scottish jig.
Then he emitted a thunderous noise from his hindquarters.
Gladys looked it all up in her book.
Imagine her surprise when she learned the alien had actually been speaking English!
What the alien had said was, "Hi, my name is Madame Butterflies, and I'll be your alien abductor today. I'm an alien from the Alien Planet. My husbands and wives don't understand me."
Gladys immediately felt sorry for him.
"How can I help?" she said, in correct alien speech.
We now know, of course, that aliens throughout the Universe of Adjustable Manners speak English, though it's frequently pronounced in a stilted way, and lacks certain pronouns, perhaps because aliens often have difficulty differentiating among themselves.
The French have complained about this and have banned all alien words from daily use. Any aliens who wish to abduct French citizens must do so in French.
Anyway, the alien was so happy to find someone willing to listen to him, it emitted another ear-splitting noise from its hindquarters, just in case Gladys hadn't heard the first one.
This is how aliens express their emotions. When they're really feeling impassioned, they use all three rectums.
It's called a fugue.
So if you meet a backfiring alien with a baguette stuck in its ray gun, don't run away, just smile and ask if you can help it across the street.
You'll be assisting our government in its never-ending quest for world peace and more things to tax.
Aliens are just like us, really, except they have better gadgets than we do.
"I wasn't always called Madame Butterflies," said the alien, "but my old name was rude and unpronounceable."
"I wouldn't have known you were female," said Gladys. "I suppose it's the beards that threw me off. My goodness; one for each head!"'
"I'm not just any old alien," said Madame Butterflies, removing her beards. "I'm an alien from the Alien Planet. We're quite different from the Gazabians, or the Muzzakians, or even the Ontologists. Aliens from the Alien Planet have thirty-nine different genders, and they change from minute to minute, so we have to keep recalculating the average to figure out what we are."
Gladys began nervously looking for the exit.
"That must be complicated," she said.
"We do it on our smart phones," the alien said. "The manufacturer doesn't advertise that feature, but you can activate it by downloading special software.
"It's good to have software," said Gladys.
"All aliens from the Alien Planet have software to help them find out what they are. It's important to know what gender you are; it helps when you're selecting attachments."
Gladys who was beginning to think the alien needed a different kind of help than she usually offered emotionally needy people, looked harder for the door.
"Would you like to see my attachments?" Madame Butterflies said.
"Umm...I should really be going now...."
We aliens spend most of our early years experimenting with attachments to see which ones make us feel comfy," Madame Butterflies explained. "I keep mine in my hope chest in the Gender Room, except when I'm wearing them, of course."
Gladys wasn't feeling comfy at all now. 
For one thing, she thought thirty-nine different genders was too many for one person to handle. How could you possibly remember what they all did? 
Gladys believed you should pick one gender and stick with it to avoid confusion at parties. 
Gladys, for instance, was definitely female. She did girl things like closing her mouth while chewing her broccoli, putting a hand over her beak when coughing, and warning the caymans to leave the toilet seat DOWN when they'd finished doing their business."
Nevertheless, her heart ached for the lonely, misunderstood alien, and she decided to do what she could to help before she got on with her own life.
"Don't you have any friends?" Gladys asked Madame Butterflies, keeping a wary eye on her, in case she decided to show her an attachment.
Madame Butterflies shook one of her heads. "The other aliens don't like me because I got lost on my way to the invasion," it said. "I'm a lover, not a fighter."
"But you have husbands and wives!" Gladys said. 
"Oh, THOSE! They just wanted to get close to me so they could eat my organic broccoli. They don't care about the Inner Me. They wanted me to go on the invasion and picked up some tourist trinkets."
Gladys was horrified. "You weren't thinking of invading Tockworld were you?"
"Great Eeyore, no!" said the alien, laughing. "Anybody can invade Tockworld; it wouldn't be a challenge. Anyway, the invasion began when a bunch of my colleagues painted themselves blue, sharpened their ray guns, and went looking for something to conquer, loot, pillage, and delete."
"That's not very polite," said Gladys primly. 
"EVERYONE likes a bit of war now and then; it makes more room for the landscape."
"You should at least ask people first."
"Oh, we do, we do! There are rules, you know. Anyway, we had attacked all of the planets in the Universe of Adjustable Manners that we could easily reach, and some of us we're planning on calling it a day, when a young hothead by the name of Mister Cozy said, "What do we do now?"
"I hope you ignored him," said Gladys.
"I certainly did!" said Madame B. "But another young hothead by the name of Mistress Twilight said, "If we don't start a war soon, I'm going to attack one of YOU guys."
"She must have had an unhappy childhood," said Gladys. 
"Is there any other kind?" said Madame B. "Anyway, our commander, Bessemer Converter, knew he had a problem on his hands. There is nothing more dangerous than a lot of frustrated aliens, all painted blue and with nowhere to go. So he decided to invade the Alien Planet.'"
'But I thought that was YOUR planet," said Gladys.
"It is, it is!" said Madame B. "And when I pointed it out to him, everyone was terribly upset."
"I should hope so!" said Gladys.
"It didn't last long," said Madame B. "Mr. Cozy suggested we give our planet to someone else, then invade and take it back.'"
"I hope you objected," said Gladys.
"I did," said Madame B. "But my voice was drowned out by thunderous applause. Everyone loved this idea. The only sticking point was whom we should give our planet to."
"You could have given it to charity," said Gladys.
"A nice idea, but impractical," said Madame B. "Anyway, Bessemer Converter suggested giving it to the people from Atlantis. 'They're always complaining about the noise we make when we're looting and pillaging neighboring worlds,' he said to us. 'Now they'll have no reason to complain; they'll own our planet.'
"At these words, there was yet more thunderous applause," said Madame B. "Bessemer was ecstatic. 'So it's agreed,' he said. 'We give the people from Atlantis our planet, then we launch and invasion and pillage and loot it.'"
"That's not very nice," said Gladys.
"Of course not. But these things have a momentum of their own, as you know. No sooner was the command issued, than we set forth. I, however, choosing to get lost instead, wound up in Tockworld air space, and abducted Gladys KindHeart from her night school course on diesel mechanics."
"I suppose it's better than invading a planet," said Gladys.
"It is indeed although we aliens aren't really as nasty as people make us out to be. There are worse things than being invaded by aliens from the Alien Planet. We only kill a little bit, and then go away. The Gazabians, however, stick around and make everyone utterly miserable. Lucky for you, I'm here to make sure the Gazabians never invade Tockworld."
Gladys had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 23: ALIEN MISERY

Madame Butterflies made Gladys nervous. It wasn't easy talking to someone who kept flipping through genders, most of which Gladys had never heard of before.
Not for nothing, however, did she bear the appellation KindHeart.
Stronger than fear, anxiety and indigestion was her overflowing heart.
When Madame Butterflies said, "Let's do lunch!" Gladys agreed, not because she was hungry, not out of politeness, but simply because she wanted the alien to feel good about who she was.
Isn't that nice!
Oh Gladys, have you forgotten the old stories, Orpheus and Eurydice, Isis and Osirus, Simon and Garfunkle?
Do you not remember the dangers? Look back once, eat something, or park illegally, and you provoke a doom!
You might be wondering how a UFO could possibly harbor an entrance to the Underworld.
You'd be surprised what you can find on a flying saucer once you start looking! Whenever you curse fate because you've lost one sock out of a pair after doing a load of laundry, you can be sure it was snatched away by some alien and stowed on a flying saucer.
Aliens like umbrellas too; they use them as toques.
And don't get me started on gloves, which fit their ears precisely!
Aliens also enjoy fine dining, and every flying saucer is equipped with a four-star restaurant, which you can look up in the Michelin guide.
Madame Butterflies led Gladys through a door just off the command deck, next to the model railroad room.
A maitre d', a sort of elongated spider, greeted them officiously.
Groats were exchanged, and they were shown to a good table near the stage where a group called Armadillos in Black were tap-dancing while playing violins and singing 'How Much is That doggie in the Window?'
The Master of Ceremonies, a Doris Day impersonator in a pink robe winked at Gladys.
The menu was excellent, featuring the catch of the day: haggis au gratin, with asparagus and bundles of durum wheat.
The waiter uncorked a bottle of lime fizzer and decanted it into two crystal Daffy Duck glasses.
Gladys did take one precaution at this point. She made sure the smart phone that lay between them, continuously monitoring Madame B's status, so Gladys could tell at a glance what gender the alien was at any given moment.
Unfortunately, she didn't have a clue what the various genders did, so it wasn't much help.
While she pondered this, a scantily dressed lobster gyrated in a cage above them.
The lobster wasn't doing anything prurient--it was merely discarding its old shell and preparing to don trademarked Spandex.
This as you know is a complicated operation involving lots of wriggling and squirming.
The lobsters have learned that the Discovery Channel will pay them a lot of groats for the privilege of filming this ceremony and they are happy to oblige
Lobsters feel that if people see how they struggle and suffer they'll be sympathetic. Lots of nice people will identify with them and perhaps think twice before boiling them in pots.
Lobsters feel it's okay for lobsters to eat whatever's going around, but everyone else should just use photosynthesis.
For those of you interested in trying photosynthesis, be sure to keep your feet in a moist, nutrient-rich compost, and spread your arms over good, acid-free soil so your seeds have a place to germinate when they drop.
If you catch Dutch elm disease, there's little anyone can do for you. 
Anyway, Gladys ordered spinach surprise.
This was a big mistake.
When the meals showed up, Madame Butterflies croaked like a frog, which is the polite thing to do among aliens when someone is contemplating a dish of vittles.
The spinach looked delicious, cooked in the alien fashion, with just a little peanut butter and Tabasco sauce, and a rutabaga marinated in Linux.
Madame Butterflies had ordered haggis in the alien fashion, cooked inside a bagpipe.
He croaked over it for a time to show his pleasure at the artistic display, the splendid company, the witty and intellectual conversation, the marvelous rightness of the Great Chain of Being, etc.
Then he tore it to pieces and devoured it as quickly as he could, in case it recovered and ran away.
Gladys, of course, was much more delicate. With a ladylike hand, she picked up a forkful of spinach.
Then her beak gaped open.
There was a collective gasp.
All eyes were on her fork now as the spinach glistened in the pale, aqueous light of the restaurant and the Hippopotamus of Fate hung in the balance.
Even the Armadillos in Black fell silent.
Gladys hesitated.
She had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 24: HIPPOPOTAMUS OF FATE

The wad of spinach glistened.
Giseppe Macklino, hard at work in his glass factory on the island of Merino, mixing the entrails of his enemies into the ingredients, looked up for a moment, puzzled.
Then he added some liver.
Meanwhile, the satellite TV people showed up at City Hall, and Vlod Ironbeak finally got a direct line to his coffin.
Of course he HAD to try it out.
Imagine, 2964 channels!
While surfing through the famous Wasteland of reruns, he discovered BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER.
Oh the gnashing and wailing, the wrath, the envy!
He immediately called in Polydoor and dictated a letter of protest.
Polydoor, as you know, was a bit short on secretarial skills, and had his own preoccupations, which kept intruding into the letter.
Herewith, a holographic image of the letter:
Dear Sir or Madam,
Not having a hump, I am taking the liberty of writing to you regarding your delightful program, BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER. 
Although I deem Buffy to be entertaining and educational in some respects, I feel it is my duty to point out a number of errors and some missing humps.
Not that I have a hump, of course; I have a MOLE and a cowl! But I feel I should speak up for those less fortunate than myself who happen, through no fault of their own, to be possessed of inconvenient humps.
I am convinced of your integrity and fine feelings, and I'm certain that you would never knowingly discriminate against people with humps, however I believe you have inadvertently done so.
Certain people with humps have pointed out to me that no beautiful vampire hunters in your show have humps, which, as you know, is not the case in real life, such as it is.
I might add that vampires, contrary to what you may have been told, cannot be deterred by martial arts frippery. 
Believe me, if a true vampire wants to bite you, he or she and sometimes IT will bite you, humpless as they may be.
In addition to the above, your vampire slayer is missing a key ingredient. Where is her armadillo? Everyone knows that the only true defense against vampires is an armadillo.
Perhaps you intend to kill two birds with one stone by eventually producing an armadillo with a hump. 
One can only hope.
Please do not take this as a criticism; it is merely a death threat.
Your servant and admirer,
Vlod Humpless Ironbeak.
Luckily for Polydoor, Vlod was too busy channel surfing to proofread the letter, and it was sent off by the next raven.
Meanwhile, in another part of the forest, Demo was in trouble of his own, trapped by a horde of cannibals from the New York Stock Exchange--fierce traders with plates in their lower lips, bones through their noses, and tattoos of famous corporate logos on their skin.
He had to distract them before they shrank his portfolio and ate him alive!
Could he hold them off until the market crashed and they all ran away?
Perhaps if he told them stories, like Chaucer, they'd let him live!
Quickly he donned a wig and a harem dress and said, "I will tell you a story about the deconstructionists, in which I explain who they are, what they believe, and where they went wrong."
"Haannh," said a bond trader with a topknot and a whaling harpoon. "This better be good!"
Demo began to sweat. 
"The first great deconstructionist work was 'A Christmas Carol', by C. Dickens," he began. 
The cannibals were quieter now, waiting for Alistair Sims to show up. Many of them had already begun snoring like mastodons.
"In this story, as you know," said Demo, "a kindly Scrooge is victimized by a gang of telemarketers pretending to be ghosts."
"Wrong!" shouted the bond trader, waving his harpoon.
Just at this moment, Sally Popoff, having soured on her new boyfriend, burst through the door.
Her new boyfriend, you will recall, had promised to show her his greatly magnified images of lice. He had lied to her, however. What he REALLY wanted to do was play with her rutabagas.
With a single penetrating glance, Sally took in the snoring cannibals and the nervous Demo.
Without a second thought, she scaled a crumbling wall, dislodging several screaming bankers from their nests, and tossed a basket of rutabagas onto the assembled horde.
Then she photographed the mess.
The cannibals dropped everything and fought each other like demons over this new prize, completely ignoring Demo and Sally, who were making their escape.
Meanwhile, Gladys KindHeart eyed the wad of spinach on her fork. Then she popped it into her beak, carefully withdrawing the fork afterwards.
"Don't go there, Gladys!" someone shouted.
Too late!
The Hippopotamus of Fate had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 25: QUACKING ELEPHANTS

Spinach, as you know, travels down the esophagus in much the same manner as food, arriving in macerated condition in the stomach, where the digestive elves jump up and down on it in their construction boots until it is converted into a liquid form suitable for composting.
Magic spinach undergoes much the same process, with one notable exception.
When the digestive elves jump up and down on it, the squashed spinach releases a green light, like the eerie, phosphorescent glow around a rotting potato.
This occurred inside Gladys with startling rapidity.
Gladys didn't notice it at first; she was too busy daintily wiping her beak with a crisply ironed napkin and wondering how to tell Madame Butterflies she wanted to go home without hurting the alien's feelings and making her unhappy.
Gladys KindHeart believes that EVERYTHING is entitled to feelings, especially the warm, cuddly kind.
Isn't she wonderful!
Everyone else in the restaurant DID notice the change in her, however.
They all knew it was rude to stare, but it's difficult to be nonchalant around a person who has begun emitting a green glow like a digital clock.
And when Gladys opened her beak to utter some polite banality, a beam of light pierced the congenial atmosphere of the restaurant with blinding force.
There was a collective gasp. Everyone threw up their hands. Madame Butterflies, who loved everything new and strange, clapped and drooled. 
Brighter and brighter grew the light, until the entire restaurant looked like an oscilloscope screen.
The other patrons were a bit nervous at first, but they soon got over their fears. The more adventurous among them, a party of Scottish elementary school teachers on a tour of the Universe of Adjustable Manners, began basking in its warmth like sunbathers at a beach party.
Scottish elementary school teachers, as you know, never get enough sunlight and warm air; it has something to do with Robert Louis Stevenson. 
Madame Butterflies emitted thunderous, happy noises from her hindmost parts.
"You're one of us now, sweetie!" she said. "Welcome to the club!"
Gladys tried to say "Thank you very much", and that was when the second weird thing happened.
What came out of her voice box was a long, belching roar, followed by a hiss and a grunt.
The startled Gladys thought she'd swallowed a toad. Instinctively she popped a genteel hand over her beak and blushed, but this only made matters worse.
For a minute or two, Gladys looked like a candy cane with a beak.
Madame Butterflies was so excited, she rose into the air like a traffic spotter and hovered near the ceiling, croaking out the words to a familiar song: "Some enchanted evening...."
Gladys tried to apologize, but all she could manage was another great roar, followed by yet more hissing and grunting.
She was about to retire to the lady's room for a quick tracheotomy and toad extraction, when a very tall cayman rushed out of the kitchen and bowed to her.
He was quite a distinguished looking chap in a gloomy black suit with a University of Strange Thoughts tie.
The cayman, who looked a bit like Vincent Price with a snout, said in a cultured voice, "You called, Madame?"
Gladys, fearing she might belch again, shook her head.
"I don't think so," she managed to whisper.
The cayman looked at her with admiring eyes. 
When caymans admire you, it usually means they want to eat you, but this was different. 
"It was a lovely call," he said.
"You can summon caymans now," said Madame Butterflies, from about ten feet overhead. "It's a very interesting super power."
"I wish I COULD summon caymans, but I can't!" said Gladys, who was thoroughly confused now. "They never come when they're called, unless I use the special whistle, but that's only for emergencies."
"It was a magnificent call, Madame," said the distinguished cayman. "I'm the steward, by the way. Agonistes Bitters at your service."
"I didn't know there were stewards on UFO's," said Gladys.
"Oh yes indeed, Madame," said Bitters. "Someone has to look after the abductees when they arrive. I make quite sure they actually requested an abduction before proceeding, then I collect their boarding passes, assign operating theatres, arrange entertainment, and take care of any special needs."
"Poor Bitters works himself to the bone," said Madame Butterflies. "He comes from Tockworld, you know. He used to be an accountant, but he was caught strangling a client who gave him a lot of receipts stuff into an old pizza box."
"It's more than my job's worth trying to keep the abductees isolated from each other," said Bitters. "They're terribly disappointed when they find out there are other abductees on board; it makes them feel less important."
"Bitters is very good at what he does," said Madame Butterflies.
"Thank you, Madame Butterflies. If I may take the liberty, Madame KindHeart, your cayman call is superb, and I do admire your eerie green glow!"
Gladys had momentarily forgotten her new ability. She looked down at her hands with a puzzled air.
"I've never been able to talk like a cayman before," she said. "Why now, all of a sudden? Is it because of the toad in my throat?"
At this, Madame Butterflies descended to her chair and studied Gladys thoughtfully, first with one set of eyes, then another.
Finally she said, "It must have been the spinach."
"Really?" said Gladys. "Do you mean the toad didn't like the spinach? It wanted flies?"
"Was something wrong with the spinach?" said Bitters anxiously. "We hired a new French chef, from Omaha, Nebraska, but he keeps flirting with the vacuum cleaner. I'll have a word with him."
Gladys shook her head, unwilling to get anyone into trouble. "The spinach was scrumptious," she said. "The best I've ever had."
"Oh good," said Bitters, relieved. "I've been told that it's excellent. I haven't tasted it myself, of course, because I'm a vegetarian; I only eat gardeners."
"Try the cayman call again," said Madame Butterflies, a little too eagerly. 
Some aliens have no manners at all! Gladys, however, had impeccable manners, and hastened to comply.
She threw back her head and belched like a Germanic horde on its way to invade Rome.
Agonistes squirmed in ecstasy.
Gladys looked down at her hands. A bright green light shifted all along her lustrous feathers. Even the cayman dung on her rubber boots shone with a pure, emerald radiance.
Then, abruptly, the light faded.
"I rather enjoy my new-found ability to summon caymans," she said. "It's even more effective than my special cayman whistle. But I think the green light is a bit excessive."
"It's a feature," said Madame Butterflies. "Everybody with super powers gets an optional eerie glow."
"You should wear trademarked Spandex too," said Bitters. "It so happens, I have a large quantity of the stuff left over from my earlier life, when I was a super accountant."
"You have super powers too!" gasped Gladys.
"I'm afraid so," said Bitters, looking modestly down at his special chartered accountant's signet ring, the one with the grinning skull of a tax payer. "I can read corporate balance sheets."
There was an awed silence; then Bitters escorted Gladys and Madame Butterflies into the kitchen.
Gladys was interested; she spent a lot of time in her own kitchen, opening pizza boxes and cans of cayman food, and she was always curious about how other chefs functioned.
It was a large kitchen with lots of food, plenty of shiny things for cutting, bashing, and grinding the food, and a blast shield in case something went wrong with the oven.
Most of the cooks were aliens, but there was a  llama stacking dishes in the particle accelerator, and the pastry chef was Dirk of the Negev, a camel who had gotten lost during a mid-life crisis.
Bitters rummaged among heaps of doubloons in an old sea chest and found the Spandex. Everyone cheered.
The birth of a new super person is always very affecting, especially for the near and dear. Who can attend such an event without weeping for joy at the thought of so many lovely residuals, the merchandising, the Gladys burgers, the Gladys dolls, the Gladys video games with exciting manners contests?
But as you know, there's a price for fame and fortune.
Now that Gladys had dined on magic spinach, spinach would forever pose a mortal danger to her.
If she ate too much of it, she'd melt into a puddle.
But the steward, a good cayman if ever there was one, knew what to do. 
When Bitters realized the danger Gladys was in, he quickly ushered her into Tech Support, an office located in the broom closet, right next to the lavatory.
Here, among the tech wizards driven mad by thousands of callers asking the same question--"Why doesn't it work anymore?"--Bitters showed Gladys the only known antidote to Death by Magic Spinach.
It was a tiny bag of McBowel's Inflammable Porridge, used by canny Scots everywhere to unplug drains, get at those hard-to-clean spots, and eliminate pesky trilobites.
"This is McBowel's Porridge in a Bag," said Bitters. "Whenever anyone menaces you with Death by Spinach, quickly pop the bag into your mouth, bite down once, and swallow."
Gladys took the bag gratefully, moved nearly to tears by Bitters's kindness. She tried to speak but there was a toad in her throat.
"Don't forget to remember," said Bitters, taking her hands in his.
"I won't," Gladys managed to say. "Thank you very much."
"You're welcome," said Bitters.
They were still trying to extricate themselves from this display of banal good manners, when all at once, an explosion rocked the UFO.
Then a face appeared on the view screen, just above the brooms.
"This is Bessemer Converter," said the face on the screen. "I am the evil commander of the invasion force. We have finished invading our own planet and now we want YOU, Madame Butterflies, to be our Queen and Consort."
"Oh my goodness!" yelled Madame Butterflies. "I'm doomed!"
Then she burst out of the closet and hurtled through the restaurant towards the control room, in the basement.
The flying saucer was already diving straight towards Tockworld by the time Gladys caught up with her.
"It might be nice to be a Queen and Consort," she said. "You could have all the Licorice Allsorts you liked."
"Are you crazy!" said Madame Butterflies. "Haven't you read THE GOLDEN BOUGH? Being a supreme ruler is okay when everything's hunky dory, and there's lots of looting and pillaging etc., but if one little thing goes wrong, famine or extinction for instance, before you can say 'It's Howdy Doody Time!', you're toast!"
Madame butterflies shivered.
"That's horrible!" said Gladys. "You come and stay with me; I'll look after you."
"You will?" said Madame Butterflies. "Gosh, that's swell!"
"You can park your flying saucer in back, beside my John Deere tractor. No one will notice it."
Madame Butterflies was overwhelmed.
Protection, a place to live, free parking!
Straightaway, she took the captain's chair and flew her wobbly machine down to Gladys's house.
A short time later, Bessemer Converter and his army landed on Tockworld and disguised themselves as a flock of quacking elephants, hoping by this means to blend into the surrounding population.
It was an excellent disguise--no one would have noticed them, if they hadn't been quacking like ducks.
Which is why, of course, Demo saw a flock of elephants quacking in the street outside George's Trains.
Elephants are fond of model trains, but they don't build many model railroad empires; they can't get their trunks around the tiny parts.
Gladys helped Madame Butterflies get settled in a spare room overlooking her broccoli field. 
Then, as she slipped outside to water her rutabagas, she spotted a flock of elephants pretending to play street hockey outside her door. Every so often one of them would quack and glance at her.
Gladys had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 26: MANNERS CONTEST

You're probably wondering about Bessemer Converter the evil commander of an advance force of quacking elephants trying to infiltrate Tockworld.
Who is he, where does he do his grocery shopping, how does he like his broccoli, etc?
Bessemer was not actually evil. He never ASKED to be appointed Evil Commander and Warlord; what he really wanted more than anything else in life was to be a Shetland Pony.
Unfortunately, he hadn't saved up enough money for the operation.
It was too bad, really, because Bessemer wasn't suited to a life of violence and brutality. For one thing, he didn't enjoy killing people.
Whenever he had to lead an invasion he closed his eyes so he wouldn't see any blood and guts leaking out of the victims. He was so squeamish, all an enemy general had to do was yell "Uncle!" or "Okay, okay; we'll do it YOUR way!" and Bessemer would tell his troops they'd had enough fun for one day and it was time for some hot cocoa, a bedtime story, and forty winks.
Bessemer wasn't a natural born warmonger.
There were plenty of warmongers on the Alien Planet, but they were mostly politicians and civilians who'd never actually enjoyed a real battle themselves, but wanted to make sure the youngsters had a crack at it.
The few soldiers who enjoyed battles usually transferred out of Bessemer's army as soon as they got over their shock.
After fifty or so requests for transfers to tougher units came through, the top brass got the idea something was wrong. 
Eventually they began sending Bessemer the misfits who terrified every other officer--usually artists, writers and accountants.
Musicians, of course, were sent to Scotland to learn the bagpipes.
So Bessemer was stuck with the outcasts, those who grew pale at the sight of their own organs spilling out onto the dirty ground.
There were still a few hardcore warriors in the group, which meant that the misfits weren't needed at all, and would often book off sick during a battle to attend concerts or gallery exhibitions.
So everybody was happy.
Still, Bessemer had a job to do, and the politicians kept yelling at him to Just Do It!
The Universe of Adjustable Manners, by the way, frowns on interplanetary warmongering. The aliens, however, weren't members in good standing, and so allowances were made.
Bessemer stalled for a time, watching the model railroads in the George's Trains shop window while he tried to think what to do next.
His commander, General Fumarole, called him up and gave him a Power Point presentation, showing which bits would be removed from his body if he failed, but all this accomplished was to paralyze Bessemer with fear.
He was in big trouble; his army was melting away, having rekindled its interest in model railroading.
The elephants had begun dreaming of a huge layout, with mountains, tunnels, cities and broccoli fields.
Suddenly Bessemer had an idea.
"If we build a really detailed model railroad," he said, "we can film ourselves smashing it. General Fumarole will think it's the real thing, and he'll give us medals and leave us alone."
Everyone cheered.
Then someone said, "But we can't build a model railroad, sir! Not while we're disguised as quacking elephants."
"Relax," said Bessemer. "We'll hire a professional to build it for us. We'll find somebody who can make it look just like the real thing."
The elephants muttered among themselves, but on the whole, they thought it was a good idea.
Bessemer was wondering about the next part--finding someone who could actually build this superdetailed model--when he spotted a flyer on a bulletin board in George's Trains.
The flyer said: Museum-Quality Model Railroads Built to Order. Contact Macklin Macklino.
There was an address and a number at the bottom.
"Behold!" said Bessemer. "Our troubles are over."
"Let's disembowel him!" someone yelled.
"No!" someone else yelled. "That's what we do to our enemies! Macklin is one of us."
"He's an elephant? I thought he was a duck. There's a picture on his card."
"Maybe he's an elephant disguised as a duck."
"It doesn't matter!" yelled Bessemer. "We'll all go and talk to him."
And so it was a flock of elephants made their way to Macklin's condominium building; the very same Macklin who had already committed himself to Vlod Ironbeak's project, and who had, in addition, embarrassed himself by smooching with Allura just as Gladys knocked on his door.
The Hippopotamus of Fate watched with interest.
What if the elephants approached Macklin while he was disoriented and vulnerable?
Would he sign on with them, forgetting Vlod's project?
The elephants, of course, were very shy, and might prevaricate outside his condominium building, wishing and hoping until it was too late.
Meanwhile, Vlod had learned of the elephants the moment they touched down, and was busy assessing taxes.
Actually, nothing much happened that first night.
Morning found the elephants gathered in the street outside Macklin's condominium, still trying to work up the courage to approach him.
Later that morning, Madame Butterflies moved her UFO into the Gothic forest in the heart of Toronto's sinister financial district, and converted it into a bed and breakfast, with a fine view through crooked branches of the eerie bank towers and the analysts hooting in the treetops.
Bessemer Converter had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 27:MAGIC HAGGIS

Meanwhile, Vlod was sighing for his lost love, Lenore.
"Lenore," he sighed. "Wait for me, my darling. I'm coming."
"It'll never happen," quoth a raven.
Vlod looked up from his copy of 'Ernie and Bert's Summer Project'. 
He was seated at a warped parson's table in his library, near the dungeons. The raven was perched on his desk, checking out the illustrations in a book on forensic medicine.
"Who are you?" said Vlod.
"Cuther'th Lath Thand," quoth the raven.
"What is that? Some kind of curse? POLYDOOR, to me, please!"
Moments later, Polydoor, came thumping and muttering into the library from a meeting room, where he'd been feeding taxpayers to the budget committee.
"You screamed, master?" he said.
"Where did this odd looking canary come from?" roared Vlod.
"Oh that!" said Polydoor, turning so that his hump was hidden from the inquisitive bird. "It came bundled with my computer, master. The sound card doesn't work, so they sent a raven. It's name is Custer's Last Stand. I'm afraid it lisps."
"How many times have I told you, use my laptop!" shouted Vlod.
"The laptop molted, master," whined Polydoor. "Then it laid an egg. I was nuking it in the microwave when it exploded."
"Fix it!" roared Vlod.
"It'll never happen!" quoth the raven.
Vlod stalked off to his coffin, the new one with the polarized view screen, and slammed the lid behind him.
There was a hiss as the air lock engaged.
Polydoor and the raven stared at each other.
"Are you looking at something?" said Polydoor. "Do you think I have a hump by any chance? Hmmm? Do you think this mole on my back is a hump? Would you like me to introduce you to a werewolf?"
"It'll never happen," quoth the raven.
Polydoor and the raven were glaring so malevolently at each other, neither of them noticed an ethereal Lenore McBeauty peering at them from the shadows.
Lenore was unhappy.
No one had asked her if she wanted to be an image on the back of a box of Omaha Flakes! No one had asked HER if she wanted to be a symbol of unearthly beauty.
So what really happened to her on that fateful day, during the Highland Games, when enormous Scots tossed large trees at each other in a game called, 'Toss a Tree at Your Friends and Win a Free Haggis'? 
Did she really commit suicide, or did someone murder her after they heard her singing 'How Much is That Doggie in the Window?'
And where did the infamous flying haggis come from?
Gentle readers, I ask you to pause in your busy daily round for a moment, and spare a thought for the unfortunate Lenore--she of the famous webs.
It couldn't have been much fun for her, caught as she was at the center of a grim battle waged for her affections by the  passionate Giseppe and the equally passionate Vlod.
Passion is a kind of aggression, as you know. 
Anyway, it happened like this:
A long time ago, in the green fields of Scotland, an annual fair was being held. 
Medieval and renaissance fairs were the trade shows of the time, as you know. There were displays of wool and such, and there were places that sold haggis-on-a-stick, bowls of cholesterol, shortbread cookies, and dirks. 
There were clan maps for sale, colorful displays of tartans, and places where you could buy secret code books that explained what the pyramids were for, and who really built Stonehenge.
It was here, among the seedy displays, that a tent magically appeared, complete with a mysterious foreigner, from Aberdeen.
It was a magic tent, of course, the kind that materializes at different fairs, only to vanish again after a hero has entered, marveled at the peculiar stock, purchased an item that happens to be emitting an green light, and departed.
Anyway, the mysterious foreigner sat outside his mysterious tent in jacket, tie and slacks, smoking a pipe, working on a lengthy biography of Flaubert, and munching on a baguette.
Well, GNAWING on a baguette, actually.
The troubled Lenore spotted him while she was trying to slip away from the ever-passionate Giseppe, and the ever-passionate Vlod, also known as Vlodzille.
"That's funny," said Lenore. "I didn't now there was a tent here; I thought it was the privy."
"I know what you need," said the stranger, blowing a puff of smoke at her. 
"I doubt it," said Lenore. "What I need is to be a product demonstrator at a trade show."
"Zut!" said the stranger. "Just as I thought! Take this inflatable duck. It will help you in your hour of need."
Lenore eyed the mottled yellow duck balloon warily, but she took it out of politeness.
The stranger also gave her a blonde wig and a snow-white dress with a Grateful Dead crest on the bodice.
Then he vanished in a puff of smoke, leaving his pipe, his notes on Flaubert, and a half-eaten baguette.
Smoke from the pipe curled up into the air, forming the words, 'Your reality or mine?'
"Och!" said Lenore, as the privy that had formerly occupied this spot now returned, complete with telltale odor.
Then, out of the corner of her eye, she glimpsed the fierce Giseppe purchasing a bouquet of thistles to present to her. Out of the other corner of her eye, she glimpsed the fierce Vlodzille purchasing a box of chocolate haggises to present to her.
Oh my goodness! she thought. Where to run? Where to hide?
Off to one side, a heap of bloody entrails steamed below a sacrificial altar stone.
 Off to the other side, a lot of Scottish warriors were checking out available designs at the tattoo parlor, exclaiming over the pink bunnies, the big, yellow birds, and the purple dinosaurs.
Neither of those venues offered much chance of escape.
But wait! There, behind a thicket of thistles, within a circle of stones, was a haggis-throwing contest.
"Ttthh!" cried a raven.
Quickly Lenore donned her new dress and wig. Then she bolted onto the field, the inflatable duck clutched under her arm like a bag of sheep parts. She could see the official haggis zooming towards her. The crowd roared.
Suddenly a fog bank materialized.
It was a very little fog bank, just enough to hide the rare and radiant maiden as Giseppe and Vlodzille tore across the field to rescue her from the evil haggis.
The audience rose to its feet, screaming for blood.
The haggis plunged into the fog bank; there was an alarming splat.
Then silence.
The audience held its breath. 
When the fog cleared away at last, there was Lenore, stretched full length on the ground in her new dress.
The Druid priests jumped up and down in a rage. 
"No unauthorized sacrifices!" they yelled. "Foul! Foul!"
Giseppe and Vlodzille couldn't believe it. They stood arm in arm, weeping in despair.
"She's dead!" they wailed.
"Hooray!" yelled the crowd.
"We'll have to kill each other, my friend," said Giseppe in a hoarse voice.
"I know," said Vlodzille, in a hoarse voice. "Have a licorice stick."
"Thank you. Don't mind if I do. Where shall we kill each other?"
"I was thinking of pushing you off the Bridge of Sighs," said Vlodzille. "Then you could do the same to me."
"Och, I like that! Very classy!"
So off they went to kill each other.
Fate, however, had other ideas. Before they'd even left the circle of stones, they had a falling out and began to blame each other for Lenore's horrible death, thereby starting a blood feud that would continue down through the ages.
But was it the real Lenore, lying there in a great splat on the field? Or was it only the inflatable duck?
Lacking sophisticated DNA sniffers, the Scots were forced to resort to guesswork and debate.
That's why so many Scots died before the gendarmes arrived.
Later that day, the trade show packed up and left civilized Edinburgh for barbaric London.
And when it next appeared, outside Westminster Abbey, a mysterious new product demonstrator smiled from her booth, holding up a set of bagpipes.
As for the inflatable duck, it disappeared before anyone could give it a proper burial, leaving only a wig and the dress with the Grateful Dead crest on its bodice.
Vlod had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 28: COMPLICATIONS

You might be wondering how an entire city full of people, animals, and telemarketers could be blind to an invading force of aliens, especially aliens who are disguised as quacking elephants.
Quacking elephants, as you know, aren't native to Tockworld.
You might expect Macklin or Gladys to overlook this--Macklin never noticed anything that didn't run on tracks, and Gladys just assumed that whatever showed up in Tockworld had a right to be there, and should be treated with respect and kindness.
But what about everyone else?
Torontonians aren't deficient in any way; they soon noticed the aliens and sized them up. 
Then they complained to the mayor.
They caught Vlod at a bad moment.
There's a price for being a clever-boots vampire, always scheming, plotting and suspecting others. It means you're busy all the time, especially when every idle moment is burnt to a crisp in the quenchless flames of unrequited love. 
He needed a lot of rest, a lot of coffin time. 
Unfortunately, the delights of hundreds of channels on his new satellite TV system had been stealing away his dead time, leaving him with too many profound thoughts. He was tired and grumpy, and short with his acolyte, and the aliens irritated him. 
Why had they disguised themselves as quacking elephants? Why not guppies?
And there was the little matter of their sinister invasion plans, which threatened his own cunning devices.
"It'll never happen," quoth the raven, who was perched on a bust of Emily Bronte in the kitchen.
Vlod had grown accustomed to the raven. He listened with half an ear from his computer room, where he was sitting at the organ, which was the input device, or keyboard, controlling Sparkles the Wonder Computer.
Polydoor, who had soured on the raven, was trying to kill it. First he threw a bag of sugar at it, then he sprinkled oregano on its tail.
"Ith thuppothed to be thalt, you thoopid acolyte!" jeered the raven.
Just then, the doorbell rang.
"Who could that be, master?" asked Polydoor.
"It's a delegation of concerned citizens, I believe," said Vlod. "They feel that I, as their new mayor, should collect their garbage, shovel snow from their streets, and clean all of the corpses out of the reservoirs. They also want me to kill everyone in the suburbs, destroy their houses, and make a lake, with cottages, boat docks, and beer stores. And as an after thought, they want me to get rid of the aliens."
"It'll never happen," quoth the raven.
"Prescient little fellow, aren't you!" said Vlod.
"Ttthhhth," said the raven, eating a bowl of cellulite.
Polydoor opened the massive front door and leered at the nervous citizens. Then he returned to the reception hall, lurching and slouching all the way.
"Walk this way, ladies and gentlemen," he said.
Jacobite Frondu, the leader of the delegation, winked at his followers.
"We're not falling for that one, mes amis. We're gonna walk ANOTHER way."
But his exhortation fell on deaf ears. His comrades were already slouching and lurching after Polydoor, keeping step as well as they could.
Vlod met the delegation in his Intimidation Room, where he sat in a comfy throne on a plinth with a hidden TV and a lime fizzer.
Another, smaller plinth directly in front of him held the sacrificial altar, where people who wandered off the topic during discussions were disemboweled.
Polydoor took his place beside the throne and busied himself sharpening a knife on a whetstone.
The fearful citizens slouched and lurched into the room.
"Who is your leader?" said Vlod.
Jacobite stepped forward and motioned to the others.
That was when he discovered the tremendous gulf that often divides those who lead from those who seek safety in numbers.
He eyed the blood-soaked stone, and his courage failed him.
"Your name?" said Vlod.
"Ummmm--"
Vlod nodded encouragingly. "An unusual name, but easy to remember."
Polydoor drooled and rubbed his hands together.
"Polydoor is chairman of the budget committee," said Vlod. "If you have any requests for new services, he is the chap you will be dealing with."
Jacobite turned the color of old, bare plaster crumbling away from a wall.
"Oh good--umm--"
"You had something you wanted to talk about?" said Vlod in a gentle voice.
Polydoor began sharpening his knife again.
"Nnnooooo; not at all, master," said Jacobite in a very small voice. "Things are going very well. Collecting all that garbage is good for us; it builds muscles. And shoveling the snow in the streets makes us healthy. Besides, winter is over. It's nearly August now."
"Excellent. I wouldn't like to raise taxes for new services, my friends. Mustn't take too much blood at all once or everybody will die. Ha ha ha ha ha ha."
"Ha ha," said Jacobite.
"There was something else?"
"Ummm--" Jacobite fidgeted. The sound of the knife against the whetstone made him jump. 
"Tell him about the aliens," whispered a concerned citizen.
"Ummm," squeaked Jacobite, "Some of us--NOT ME--I TOLD THEM I WAS REALLY HAPPY WITH OUR MAYOR--were thinking, do we really need quite so many quacking elephants up around George's Trains?"
"You noticed them?"
"Umm--not me, personally. But some of us have had our cars squashed while driving down Mount Pleasant. It's a little thing, I know, but surgery is so expensive these days, and it takes time away from the business of making money, so we don't have the pleasure of paying quite so much in taxes."
"Taxes are fixed," said Vlod. "You pay the same amount in sickness and in health."
"Yes master," squeaked Jacobite.
"Polydoor, of course, does double duty as the auditor."
Polydoor grinned, and Jacobite turned the color of a Granny Smith apple.
"Ummm--actually, my friends and I...we just wanted to make sure you were comfy in your new position," said Jacobite. "And we would like to offer you a small contribution to your reelection campaign--not that YOU, who are so popular, need contributions."
Vlod smiled beneficently.
"The elephants are just visiting," he said. "They'll be gone soon. Was there anything else?"
"No, master! Long life and may your treasury increase."
"Thank you; you may go now."
Jacobite and his associates prostrated themselves on the floor, which is the proper way to show respect to a mayor; then they all lurched and slouched out the door, counting their fingers and toes to make sure nothing had been bitten off.
It was a great relief when they found themselves whole and hearty.
Vlod was pleased.
"I thought you did rather well today, Polydoor," he said, opening a large jar of treats. "The whetstone was a nice touch. Here's something a little special for you. It was part of some large animal a few weeks ago, but the animal died."
"Oh thank you, master!" said Polydoor.
Custer snatched away a portion of the slippery, gooey stuff.
"Yummy! Tathe like chicken," he quothed.
Polydoor glared at the raven. "I like raven-on-a-stick," he growled.
"It'll never happen, humpy."
"Can't I put out just one of its eyes, master?"
"I want you two to become friends, Polydoor. You have much in common. Similar tastes, for instance. Cuther can help you locate ingredients for the blood pudding. In the meantime, I intend to rest for awhile, and study some television. I am perplexed by the enigma of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Why is she so nasty to my colleagues?"
"Master, I--"
"Prepare yourself, Polydoor. The day of reckoning approaches."
"It'll never...." Custer started to quoth. Then he caught Vlod's expression, and he busied himself with a dead fly.
Polydoor grinned.
He had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 29: THE MAGIC SHOP

(It Used to be a Tent)
You're probably wondering about the magic tent. Was it mere coincidence it revealed itself to Lenore in her hour of need?
Or was it destiny?
It was only later that the truth revealed itself to Lenore. Unbeknownst to her at the time, she had received a second gift in the magic tent; she had received a vision of a model railroad; a model based on the Robin Hood flour mill and associated tracks in Calgary, as it looked on August 23, 1957.
She became aware of the truth six months later, while on break after a hard morning demonstrating bagpipes to a party of Edwardian poets from Tewksbury. Suddenly her mind regurgitated the vision, like a bit of mental cud.
At first, it seemed to be little more than a replica of the famous model railroad that would eventually be commissioned by Gordon Varney to display his engines and freight cars in a shop window at Macy's in New York.
Then the vision sharpened, until Lenore became aware of the little extension attached to the layout, with its nicely detailed model of the Robin Hood flour mill and the CP tracks serving it. 
It was an image that shook Lenore to the very core of her being, changing her life forever.
Of course she soon forgot it.
Fortunately, she'd mumbled aloud a description of her vision as it unfolded, and her personal assistant and acolyte, Tuneless Tommy, managed to get it all down.
Then he carelessly stored it on a buffet table in the backyard.
A passing owl ate it.
The owl later dropped a pellet which contained the manuscript, tightly rolled up now, along with the bones of an economist snatched out of a tree in Hyde Park.
A raven discovered the pellet in a trade show privy, and dropped it into an acolyte's mixing bowl.
It wasn't just any raven, of course; and it wasn't just any acolyte.
Vlod was on the point of decanting the blood pudding into a poison bottle when he noticed the manuscript.
Curious, he fished it out and began to read.
"Sorry about that master," said Polydoor, glaring at Cuther. "I told that stupid bird he was only supposed to find DEAD things."
"Ttthhhpth!" quoth Cuther. "Ittth a novel. The novel ith dead, didn't you know!"
Polydoor, who was writing a novel, flew into a rage.
"If I have to listen to that lisp one more time, I'm going to strike you with my mole!" he growled.
"It'll never happen!" quoth Cuther. 
By the time Vlod finished reading, he was ecstatic. He donned his rubber gloves, his goggle and his lab smock, and patted Polydoor on the head.
Polydoor was so happy, he had to go and lie down on the narrow cot in his cell and eat digestible flies.
Lenore had a bad feeling about this....

 
CHAPTER 30: THE CAST REBELS

Meanwhile, Bessemer Converter and his gang were still trying to work up the courage to knock on Macklin's door.
They had no idea he'd made a deal with Vlod, but it didn't really matter.
They could offer him a much better deal than Vlod had; they could turn the entire planet into a model railroad.
But they'd have to hurry; General Fumarole was growing impatient.
"I don't see any ruined planets," he said to his assistant warlord, Teetot. "I don't hear any crushed enemies."
"Bessemer has lost his mind!" said Teetot.
General Fumarole croaked viciously. "Are you making excuses for Bessemer?" he said in a dangerous voice.
Teetot bowed low. "ME, Emperor and Bonfire of a Thousand Worlds?" he said in a shocked voice.
His features were carefully organized in a neutral expression, partly hidden behind his deferential mandibles. His sleeves were voluminous. 
Not for nothing was he known as Teetot the Inscrutable.
General Fumarole glared suspiciously at him. 
"Sometimes I wonder about you Teetot," he said. "An alien who doesn't like hockey or beer, never looks at ANY of the thirty-nine different genders, won't go near a feeding frenzy, even when the priests dump bags and bags of yummy rotting worms on the Floor of Remorse, eats broccoli instead of body parts torn from conquered victims, and listens to classical leg scrapings instead of exciting, bloodcurdling screams artistically elicited from conquered peoples! I wonder about you."
Teetot hid his long fingers in his sleeves, where they wouldn't get lost.
"I regret my absence from the various shrines of popular culture," he said. "However, I make the sacrifice willingly, to serve my emperor. For who am I without my master? A dream undreamed, a wish unexpressed, a work of art lost in the bottomless pit of unfulfilled destiny. And so, revered majesty, though I will not have these moments to remember, I will at least have the cherished memory of serving you."
General Fumarole glared at Teetot while the scorched marmots inside his brain pedaled furiously, supplying power to the rusty analytical engine.
Teetot remained as inscrutable as a rhinoceros.
"Are you laughing at me, Teetot?" said General Fumarole.
"What is laughter?" said Teetot. 
General Fumarole twitched with suppressed rage. He wanted to do something horrible to Teetot, but he had a nasty feeling his acolyte was indispensable.
"Get me Bessemer Converter," he snarled. "That fool is jeopardizing the whole mission!"
Teetot extracted an intergalactic communicator, or IGOR, from its base station in his sleeve and yelled for Bessemer Converter.
Bessemer Converter was caught in mid-debate with the other quacking elephants, still trying to work up the courage to knock on Macklin's door.
"We must get to Macklin," said Sergeant Cordless Screwdriver, Bessemer's reliable sidekick. "There is little time left."
Just then, a magic tent appeared in the cemetery across the street from Macklin's condo.
"Look!" said Sergeant Cordless Screwdriver. "A magic tent (It Used to be a Shop)!"
"Destinies foretold," intoned Felix Unman, the mysterious inhabitant. "Haggis-on-a-stick, 75 pennies. Cheat codes for popular video games. Come and get 'em while they're hot!"
"After you, dear Cordless," said Bessemer.
"No,  no; after you, dear Bessemer," said Cordless.
"Anybody got any pucks?" said a duck in a Toronto Maple Leafs goalie's costume.
Then he vanished, leaving a baguette and a jar of marmalade.
Cordless had a bad feeling about this....
Copyright 2000-2009 Robert Arthur Smith,
All rights reserved.


