RUMOURS & LIES: A Collection of Stories
Timothy Quinlan

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Timothy Quinlan

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and events are a product of the author’s imagination and should not be construed as real. Any resemblance to people, events, companies, or locales is coincidental. 
For Edna, Jack and Ben
Table of Contents
The Politics of Middle Age
Velanni
A Mother and Son’s Prerogative
Marlow’s Necklace
The Illusion of Probability
Bullies and Frogs
The Man Who Feared Irony
Absence Makes the Heart
White Lies on Booker Street
The Pro and the Lunatic
My Brother’s Keeper
Big Money
The Old Man and His Daughter
Eight Children on a Checkered Floor
The Tryst
About Timothy Quinlan
The Politics of Middle Age
They didn’t rent the limousine often, at least not enough for Russell’s taste. Lately, it’d only been used when the press were around, as a sort of credibility enhancement; a big shiny black reminder that their candidate was a “player”. Russell understood the deceit that was inherent in this premise more than anyone; their candidate wasn’t a player, even by the most generous definition of the term. What he was, was a painfully boring man; a man who melded into the atmosphere even when standing alone, and whose inner voice mightn’t be tolerable even to his own mind. But all of this didn’t matter now, not anymore. The election would be won, and Russell would be by the winner’s side at the victory party. It was a lock now. There was only one competitor left, and he had made a mistake. A mistake that they could pounce on. A mistake that they would sink their teeth into, and rip apart.
“That should do it folks. There’s no way this tanned playboy is going to survive this; he should be the poster boy for bad timing,” Russell said.
Murray Carson pushed his small round glasses a tiny distance back up the bridge of his nose while he stared at the screen in the back seat of the limousine. He ignored what his aid, sitting beside him, had just said.
“How stupid do you have to be to get caught smoking pot the week before an election,” Russell said louder, eyes wide, looking for some acknowledgement that he’d been heard.
“Enough Russell. Leave John Harris alone and focus on our own agenda,” Murray said, as forcibly as he had said anything in weeks. “What are these reporters going to ask me today?” The glasses were off now and being cleaned by a handkerchief sourced from his breast pocket, his squinting, unfocused eyes still pointed at the screen and John Harris, whose press briefing was playing for the thirtieth time that morning.
“They’re going to ask you what you think of your opponent getting caught smoking pot the week before the vote,” Russell said, his tone suggesting this should have been obvious. “This isn’t about inhaling thirty years ago in college; this is about actually smoking pot and breaking the law, days before the guy could, conceivably, hold a very important public office.”
“Gloria, how should we handle the press today?” Murray said, raising his eyes to the front seat where the second half of his election team was deeply engrossed in a newspaper article.
Russell Wren and Gloria Maynard were polar opposites. Russell was slick and street smart without an ounce, or a molecule for that matter, of moral fiber. He was a gun for hire, and played to that cliché in all elements of his persona, from his unwillingness to do anything perceived as grunt work, to his emotional detachment in his dealings with the campaign team. He saw in Murray, a chance to participate in a quick election win, a chance to add another notch to his belt which would surely lead to higher fees for the next candidate. To him, Murray Carson was the epitome of the standard, bred for political success, moron; he was white, had an impeccable pedigree, and had the most vanilla personality imaginable. But a win was a win, and by smoking pot, John Harris had just ensured that Murray Carson was going to cruise to victory, with Russell grasping his coattails along the way.
Gloria Maynard was, on the surface, bookishly shy and not as aggressive as Russell, but a camouflaged competitiveness lurked just below the surface of her demeanor. She was well educated, and actually cared and was motivated by what Murray Carson had to say. She knew that Murray wasn’t going to electrify anyone with his personality, but he was a moral man. He was steady, and that’s what Lister Falls needed right now in a mayor. A pot smoking rogue wasn’t going to lead the city into the twenty first century. 
“Sir, I think you should express your surprise at the event. I mean it is incredibly surprising, but try not to go overboard. I don’t think there’s anything to be gained by piling on at this point. This story will take care of itself.”
“I agree Gloria; I’ll play it low key,” Murray said, again not taking his eyes off of the screen in front of him.
“Well, let’s not be too low key. I mean, we’ve pretty much got low key cornered already,” Russell added, treading the fine line between respecting his boss, and trying to gently nudge him in the right direction.
“What does that mean Russell?” Murray said, now looking directly at his aid, his brow furrowed, his mouth puckered into an angry little dot.
Russell contemplated telling his boss exactly what it meant, but then gave into his normal tendency towards self-preservation and very slightly shook his head while exhaling in a subdued show of protest. He looked down at his shiny black shoes, waited a moment, and then glanced up to see that Murray was still staring at him.
In the front seat, Gloria took a deep breath; she knew what was coming. Over the last three weeks, Murray Carson had shown a growing sensitivity towards his reputation as a bore. The local media had latched onto the theme, and it was clearly bothering him. Gloria had another theory which she hadn’t shared with anyone; she thought Murray might be going through some sort of mid-life thing. A week earlier, he had shown up at one of their early morning prep meetings wearing bright red wraparound sunglasses—the modern kind. Several staffers in the room had burst out laughing, thinking they were a joke, perhaps worn ironically as a light hearted jab back at the media. But they weren’t a joke, and Murray Carson hadn’t laughed. He had looked ridiculous.   
“Russell?” Murray said a little louder, still staring hard and waiting for an answer to the question, angry tension all over his face.  
“Sir, I just don’t think we should totally let this one go. I agree with Gloria that we can’t be seen as piling on, but the guy knowingly broke the law a week before an election for a very important office. Let’s nail his coffin shut with this.”
Murray turned back towards the screen, the annoyance on his face testament to the fact that he knew Russell had avoided his original question. He stared at John Harris in front of a press scrum, obviously answering question after question about his indiscretion. Harris was fifty seven with a deep tan and youngish rugged good looks. Looking at the silent images on the screen, Murray knew the conversation between Harris and the press would be free and easy. John Harris had charisma, and the press loved him. He was a wealthy man; owned his own transport company, and had entered the race for Mayor at the last moment. He wasn’t particularly knowledgeable about the issues, and tended towards the safety of generalities rather than details, but he was smooth and he had appealed to young voters. The race was close heading into the last week.
“Sir, everything alright?” Gloria asked, turning towards the back seat, and smiling in a vaguely condescending way as if talking to a child during a thunderstorm.
Murray didn’t answer, and continued to stare at Harris who was laughing now, along with the press surrounding him. Murray himself hadn’t really clicked with the press; there was a certain cordiality to their exchanges, but that was it—laughter was scarce. Murray didn’t feel comfortable being funny, or more accurately, he lacked the ability to make people laugh. Once, near the beginning of the campaign, he had attempted, in a humorous way, to draw a parallel between the city council’s attempt to change school district boundaries and the French revolution. Murray had laughed heartily, but the evening news had focused on the confused expressionless faces in the crowd surrounding him. Russell and Gloria had strongly suggested that he keep things as serious as he could from that point onward. They were gentle, and had alluded to his sophisticated sense of humor, but to Murray their message had been an ego buster, demoralizing and condescending all at once.
“Sir, best not try any jokes about the pot thing.” Gloria said, as if on cue.
“Don’t worry; I won’t attempt to be funny. I’ll bore them to death.” Murray mumbled.  
Russell and Gloria both looked at him; he had a lifeless defeated expression on his face which they had seen several times over the last couple of days.
“Sir, you’re about to become Mayor of Lister Falls,” Russell said, the annoyance of having to massage Murray’s fragile psyche well hidden. “This is your life dream. You’re ahead in the poles, and now with the pot thing, I mean, this is as close to a lock as you can get.”
Murray stared at John Harris again, and wondered what had caused him to be so careless. Harris seemed like a bright guy, and had certainly shown enough smarts to build a large successful business, but to smoke pot this close to the election was reckless and showed poor judgment. Murray himself had never smoked marijuana or tobacco of any kind, had never touched alcohol, and had raised his three sons in the same manner; he hadn’t been overly strict with them, but they had made the same decisions as their father, and this made him proud. His wife Margaret had the occasional cocktail, but that was fine, who was he to judge.
Despite the fact that he didn’t truly trust Russell, Murray was beginning to realize that his feelings and judgment about the pot controversy were bang on. If he chose to, he could bury Harris within a day or two, but he’d do as Gloria had advised and play it low key, stay conservative and not pile on. People might love John Harris, might think he was the most charismatic man in the world, but when they were tucked away in the solitude of a voting booth, picking someone to take the reins of their city, they’d pick Murray Carson.

The limousine pulled up to a small park in the downtown core; there was a fountain, and a statue of the first Mayor of Lister Falls, the legendary James Kettle. The setting was perfect for a brief twenty minute question and answer session with the press. Kettle was a famously conservative man, and Gloria and Russell couldn’t think of a better place for their candidate to take his first question about John Harris’ pot exploits.
Trying to exit the limousine, Murray caught his left foot on the edge of the car door and almost went down. In mid-fall he shot his arms out wildly in panic and made a small noise which was higher pitched than anyone present would have thought possible, given his size, gender and age. Finally, standing upright, his cheeks ashen from embarrassment, he searched his mind for something funny to say, but there was nothing in his inventory. He nestled up to the microphone, his long grey wool knit coat safely punched up by a sky blue silk scarf hanging loosely around his neck, his small round metal glasses reeking of fiscal prudence, his hair freshly cut that morning, Russell and Gloria standing immediately behind him. “Jane,” he said pointing at one of the reporters who formed a semi-circle around him now.
“Sir, can you give us your thoughts on John Harris getting caught smoking marijuana.”
“Jane, I don’t think it would be right for me to stand here in front of all of you today, and drag John Harris’ name through the mud. Listen, I don’t think what John did was very smart, and I’m sure he’d agree with me, but let’s give him and his family some space. I mean, this must be difficult for them.”
Jane continued, “Is this race over?”
“I’m certainly not going to look at it that way Jane. I’m going to keep working as hard as I have for the last two months. It’d be silly for me to sit on my laurels. I’m going to work hard at getting my message out, getting my message to the people, so they understand what kind of Mayor I’ll be for Lister Falls.”
Russell scratched his nose, only so he could hide the impish smile trying to push its way out of his mouth. “This thing is definitely over,” he thought to himself.
Jane started to ask a third question, but was cut off by Gordon Post, a weathered reporter with the city’s largest newspaper. “Do you think, in today’s day and age, that this pot thing is really that big a deal?” Post asked.
“Well Gordon, I think each voter in this city will need to ask themselves that very question. Listen, I think John Harris is a good guy who made a serious mistake. People are going to have to decide for themselves.”   
“But is it really a serious mistake?” Post continued. “Society views marijuana with a little more tolerance today.”  
“We each have our own set of values Gordon. Mine are different from yours, are different from the next person. We’ll all have to make that judgment.”
“Are your values above John Harris’,” Jane asked, picking up the line of questioning from Gordon Post.
Russell frowned, and worried that things were getting messy. Gloria stayed expressionless, and looked closely at Murray; he seemed a bit agitated, but she thought he could get himself out of it.
“Jane, Tolstoy once wrote that . . .”
What followed was an attempt by Murray Carson to answer Jane’s question regarding his and John Harris’ values with a humorous analogy. Jane had no idea what Murray was talking about, and didn’t respond. The other reporters looked at each other in a confused manner. Murray started to laugh, enjoying the analogy, and the obvious (to him) humor in it. He didn’t stop laughing; he couldn’t stop laughing—he thought the analogy was the funniest damn thing he had ever said or heard.
Russell tried to speak but couldn’t. His mouth was a lifeless little hole now, hanging open while his entire brain tried to work through what he had just heard. Finally, he turned to Gloria and said softly, “What the hell was that? My God. That was the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard. Look at him; he’s laughing like an idiot. He looks like a four year old.”
Murray stopped laughing for a brief moment, took a deep breath, and then burst out laughing again—this time uncontrollably.
Russell continued, his eyes narrowed as one’s might be when confronted with something oddly foreign. “He’s gone crazy. Gloria, we’ve got to get him out of here,” Russell said and glanced back at the limousine. “We just went from a nice stoic comment by our candidate being the takeaway here, to now, possibly having his sanity questioned. I mean what was that Tolstoy thing; it didn’t even make sense. We need to end this.”
Gloria agreed, and had edged her way closer to Murray. “Sir, let’s end it here.”
Murray, his laughter almost subsided, leaned over to Gloria and said softly, “If Tolstoy had said that after a thousand pages, he wouldn’t have finished War and Peace.”
Gloria tried to register what he had said. She looked into his eyes; they widened and then he was gone. He laughed so hard that he made a snorting noise. She had never heard a human make a noise like that or laugh as hard and wildly as Murray Carson was now. Russell’s eyes rolled back into his head and he almost passed out.
Gordon Post smelled blood. “Mr. Carson, what’s the wildest thing you’ve ever done?”
Murray settled himself, and thought for a moment about the question. “Let me turn the tables on you Gordon. Why are you asking me that question?”
“It’s just that you and John Harris are polar opposites, as far as your demeanor goes. People don’t really know you, and can’t make a relative comparison between the two of you.”
Murray knew what this was all about. Over the last month, Gordon Post had delicately insinuated, through his articles and through his direct questions that Murray was out of touch with today’s moral plane; out of touch with the kind of life that the majority of his voters led. Gordon Post had essentially insinuated that Murray Carson lacked pizazz—that he was a bore. 
“Gordon, rather than focus on the wildest thing that I’ve ever done, why don’t you and I and everyone here today work towards putting together a decent plan for how we’re going to get this city out of debt.”
“Perfect line. Let’s quite on that one,” Russell whispered to Gloria. She nodded.
“Sir, good line to end on,” Gloria said quietly to Murray.
“And further more Gordon, I’m really not that boring.”
“Noooooooooo,” Russell said under his breath.
“I enjoy reading about an assortment of different topics. I enjoy swimming. I enjoy playing bridge, and I’m going to enjoy being the Mayor of this wonderful city. Gordon, what do you think?”
Gordon Post was mildly startled that he had been asked another question. He smiled coolly. “I’m sure you’ll be a great mayor sir. I suppose for some things, boring is good.”
There was that word. Murray hated the word, and for the life of him, couldn’t understand why it had attached itself to him. He was not boring; not now, not ever in his life. He thought back to the Tolstoy analogy, and wondered why it hadn’t been appreciated. God it had been a funny moment; why had they not laughed? He didn’t want to be a great mayor; he wanted to be a great mayor who was also a great guy. He wanted to be a great mayor who was loved.

Murray looked from face to face, locking eyes with a few. He thought of John Harris, standing in front of the same reporters a few hours earlier, lobbing witty one liners into the crowd. He wondered what that felt like; wondered what it felt like to feel warmth and acceptance cursing back from a group like this. The mouths under the eyes staring blankly back at him weren’t smiling—some were yawning. There was no wanting in those faces, nothing to suggest that anyone in the crowd desperately wanted to be like Murray or would even be mildly interested in sharing a social moment with him.
Murray Carson took a deep breath. He began to say something and then stopped and took another deep breath. He slowly removed his glasses, folded them and placed them in the breast pocket of his suit jacket, and then Murray Carson told the very first lie of his political career. “Actually, all of you might as well know,” he said, a weak smile timidly tugging at the corners of his mouth, “I did smoke pot when I was younger . . . in my youth.” He paused for a moment, ignoring a yelping noise that seemed to emanate from behind him. “Quite a bit actually.”  
Velanni
“Franklin, how was that concert last night?” the young partner asked the old partner.
Franklin Bekkart finished hanging up his beautiful camel hair overcoat, straightened his silk tie and then turned to his younger colleague. He slowly moved his gaze from Ronan Craig’s face down his body to his shoes and then back up again. He pursed his lips ever so slightly as he often did, his intention to make a subtle statement about his own attire relative to Ronan’s. “Bartoli was magnificent, truly magnificent. Best I’ve seen. Really.”
“Ah, Bartoli,” Ronan Craig said, shaking his head slowly and smiling, as one might do having taken a satisfying bite of food.
Franklin changed directions. “Where do we stand on the Rollyglen thing?” he asked. “Is he coming in today?”
“Yeah, he’ll be here in about an hour,” Ronan said, forcing the smile from his face. “Don’t worry about it unless you can spare the time. We’ll probably get into the contractual stuff next week; we’ll need you then.”
“I may join you just so I can start to familiarize myself with things,” Franklin said and paused. “You know that’s the second time I’ve seen Bartoli sing Rossini,” he said finally, his face soaked in pride.
“I saw her once . . . in Rome,” Ronan countered.
“Me too, that’s where I saw her the first time,” Franklin said, no doubt realizing that he’d trumped Ronan.
“Hmm,” Ronan said, disappointed that he had played his hand too soon. “Well, perhaps we’ll see you in the boardroom in an hour.”
“Perhaps.”
The two lawyers disappeared down the wood paneled corridor to their offices, Franklin walking briskly, head held high, Ronan moping behind.  
Jane Cooper smiled to herself; she had seen plenty of this type of thing. She was the receptionist at Bains and Ensor, her desk within spitting distance of the coat closet where Ronan Craig and Franklin Bekkart had just done battle. She was a simple woman who used simple language to convey her thoughts, didn’t own a summer home, didn’t actually own a winter, fall or spring home either, rather she rented an apartment, enjoyed drinking beer with her boyfriend at the local establishment, and was perfectly content not going to the opera.
Jane liked and got along with most of the lawyers at the firm, and would’ve shared a drink with any number of them if asked, although she never was. A few, Ronan and Franklin included, seemed to like wallowing in their perceived cultural superiority; continually attempting to out-sophisticate the others. Most of the time Jane got a kick out these little battles, although lately they seemed to be grating on her nerves a bit. Opera, ballet and the literary classics seemed to be the favorite battleground for these ruffian egos, and the scene Jane had just witnessed would play out several times, in several different parts of the office throughout the day.
Suddenly Ronan Craig reappeared, and headed towards the coat closet. “That’s a short day Ronan,” Jane joked, more for her own amusement. 
He smiled half-heartedly without looking at her. “I just forgot my glasses,” he said and started to search the pockets of his coat.
“Ronan, you know something about opera, don’t you?” Jane said.
He turned toward her now. “Indeed. I do.”
“Well, I was wondering if you could help me.”
“What is it?”
“Well, my aunt and uncle are visiting in a couple of weeks from the coast, and they’ve managed to get themselves some tickets to see a singer named Velanni who they say is quite good. I’m always at a loss to make conversation with them, and I was wondering if you knew anything about Velanni.”
Ronan stared at Jane; he had a weak smile on his face, and he didn’t say anything.
“Is Velanni any good Ronan?”
His smile broadened. “Yes. Quite.”
“Thanks. That’s great. Now I can say that I spoke with someone at work about Velanni. That’s all I need,” Jane said, and laughed.  “That’ll be a nice little ice breaker.”
“I’m glad I could help,” Ronan said, and he was gone again.

Ivan Rollyglen was a very valuable client for Bains and Ensor. He bought companies like most people bought shoes, and sold a good number of them shortly thereafter, once he was bored with them; all the while generating very handsome legal fees for the firm. Ronan and Franklin shared the account, and had a nice routine worked out. Ronan would handle most of the early work, trying to get a feel for what Ivan really wanted to accomplish; was he buying, selling, just bored and looking for something to do, or was he actually trying to squeeze out a profit. Franklin would come in later and handle the complexities of the contracts and get the investment bankers involved if need be. They wined and dined Ivan like he was royalty, and indeed he had come to expect a certain amount of preferential treatment.
Ronan popped his head into Bains and Ensor’s main boardroom. “Hello, Ivan.”  
“Ronan, I thought you had forgotten about me,” the large man said, not looking up from the newspaper in front of him.
“That sir, would be an impossibility,” Ronan said, feeling more comfortable lately with Ivan, and deciding to push the boundary a bit.
“Hmm. Is Franklin joining us?”
Franklin entered the room at that moment. “I certainly will be.”
“Hello Franklin, how are things?” Ivan asked, looking up now.
“Very good thanks,” Franklin said and sat down across the table from Ivan. “I saw Bartoli last night.”
“Really. Wonderful,” the large man said although he had no idea who Bartoli was. If pressed, he may have been able to guess that they were talking about opera, but Bartoli? Might be a male, might be a female. Who knew?
“Yes, that’s the second time I’ve seen Bartoli. The first time was in Rome,” Franklin said and stole a quick glance at Ronan, who remained expressionless.
“You know, I’m sort of surprised that you chaps have never taken old Ivan to the opera. I suppose I don’t bring you enough business,” Ivan said and stared at Franklin, not acknowledging Ronan.
Franklin and Ronan laughed, if somewhat nervously. “You know, you may have a point there Ivan,” Ronan said, seeing an opportunity to one-up Franklin. “Perhaps we should take you to the opera.”
“That sounds like a fabulous idea.” Ivan said amused at his own power.
 “Ronan and I will sort out the details and let you know a date Ivan,” Franklin said, a smile hiding the anguish he felt at the thought of spending a night at the opera with Ivan. “Perhaps we should discuss this cosmetics company you’re thinking of buying now,” he said trying to get them refocused.
“You know,” Ronan piped up, desperate to build on his momentum, “Velanni is coming in a couple of weeks. Why don’t we go and see Velanni.”
“That sounds like a great idea,” Ivan said, now bored at the prospect of buying a cosmetic company.
“Do you like Velanni, Franklin?” Ronan asked.
Franklin smiled and paused, not unlike how Ronan had earlier in front of Jane. “Yes, of course. Who doesn’t,” he said finally.
“Ivan, would you enjoy seeing Velanni?” Ronan continued.
“Yes. Yes. Yes. It’ll be a great night. We’ll go for dinner and drinks, and bring the ladies. We’ll have a smashing good time. I must say; Velanni is a tremendous choice. Well done Ronan.”
Franklin gave Ronan a long stare. “Perhaps you can arrange to get the tickets and make some reservations Ronan,” he said slowly, as if to underline his annoyance.
“Yes of course.”
“Now, let’s figure out a way to buy this make-up company,” Ivan bellowed, clearly pleased with the prospect of a night of eating, drinking and being serenaded by someone named Velanni.

Ronan typed V-e-l-a-n-i, hit the enter key and waited for the search engine to do its thing. He scanned his screen and shook his head. That was the fifth spelling of Velanni he had tried and still nothing. He picked up his phone and quickly tapped out Jane’s extension.
“Yes Ronan.”
“Jane, I’m sorry I was sort of short with you before,” Ronan said, trying to sound sincere, but not fooling Jane. “Listen, let’s the two of us do a bit of research on old Velanni so we can wow those relatives of yours; really knock their socks off. Tell you what, grab some stuff off the internet and bring it in to me and I’ll summarize it for you.”
“Oh Ronan, that’s not necessary,” Jane said, sounding embarrassed. “Actually I’ve been trying for the last couple of minutes and haven’t been able to find anything on the internet. Perhaps I’m not spelling it correctly Ronan. How do you spell Velanni?”
Ronan paused, only for a split second. “As it sounds my dear.” 
“There is a Velanni right. You did say you liked Velanni. Right Ronan?”
Ronan put his hand lightly over the receiver. “What, right now. Alright,” he said to his empty office. “I’ve got to go Jane,” he said quickly and hung up. Who the hell was Velanni? Ronan ran his hand through his thinning hair. Was Velanni a male or female? Maybe Jane had gotten the name wrong.  
He picked up the phone and dialed information. “The Opera Society please.” The phone was ringing within a few seconds.
“Opera So . . .” a middle aged woman started to say.
“Yes, listen, in a couple of weeks there is a performer coming to . . . I assume the convention centre . . . yes it must be the convention centre . . . the Rolonson Convention centre, that’s the only viable place for opera in the city.”
“Sir?”
“Does the name Velanni mean anything to you?”
“Not particularly sir.”
“How about a name that rhymes with Velanni?”
“Sir?”
“Or a name that sounds like Velanni.”
“Sir, I . . .”
“Listen, who is performing at the Rolonson Convention Centre in a couple of weeks?”
Ronan heard the tapping of a keyboard and waited. Then his door flung open. “Ronan,” Ivan said loudly. Ronan’s body convulsed in spastic fright. “Sorry, didn’t mean to startle you Ronan, but listen. I spoke with my better half and she has heard of Velanni and is quite looking forward to the whole thing.”
“Super Ivan, that’s tremendous,” Ronan managed, his heart beating wildly. “I’m just trying to confirm the dates.”
“Listen, Franklin and I are about done for today. I’ll be back tomorrow. It’d be nice if we had all the Velanni details sorted out,” he said and winked. Ronan tried unsuccessfully to wink back, inadvertently closing both of his eyes.
The big man left and then the woman from the opera society came back on the line. “Sir, nobody is playing at the convention centre in two weeks. They’re closing it for renovation tomorrow. It’ll be closed for a month.”
“Is that right,” Ronan said. He hung up the phone without saying another word.
Ronan rested his chin on his knuckles and contemplated his dilemma. His small minded competitiveness and ego had prevented him from uttering five words that surely would have steered him clear of this mess; “I’ve never heard of Velanni.” Why had he found it so difficult to say that? He had probably still been pissed off at being shown up by Franklin on the Bartoli thing. God, what a mess. And he hated opera to boot. That’s right, there was no sense denying himself the truth; he truly hated listening to opera. Hated dressing up and hated going and sitting there listening to that awful bellowing. None of it made any sense and the goddamn costumes were ridiculous. The only aspect of the whole thing that appealed to Ronan was telling other people that he had gone, and enjoying for a brief moment a feeling of cultural exclusivity. And now he had promised a man, who could crush him professionally in a moment, the opportunity to see an opera singer who apparently didn’t even exist.   

Ivan burst through the doors of the boardroom, three coffees in Styrofoam cups in a tray in his hand. “Morning gentlemen. I brought coffees.”
“Well, wonderful. You didn’t have to do that Ivan,” Ronan said.
“I know I didn’t have to Ronan; I’m the sole reason that this firm exists. I don’t have to do anything, but I’m excited about this whole opera thing. You know, I’ll be honest, I’m not a huge opera fan. I mean, I know all the performers and all, but my wife really thinks I’ll enjoy seeing Velanni. Apparently one needs to see Velanni to appreciate Velanni.”
“Have you heard any of Velanni’s performances?” Ronan asked, unsure of whether it was a mistake or not to ask.
“Of course I have Ronan,” Ivan said quickly, perhaps a little insulted by the question.
“Oh, of course Ivan, It’s just that it’s very difficult on occasion to find Velanni’s work. I mean, a lot of the mainstream retail stores don’t have a great deal of Velanni in stock,”
“Do I look like a man who can’t get what he wants Ronan?”
“I suppose not Ivan,” Ronan said and turned and looked nervously at Franklin.
They settled in after that and talked about poison pills and hostile bids and all sorts of things that had to do with taking over a cosmetics company. Ronan couldn’t quite commit his brain to the task at hand and was still fretting over Velanni the phantom singer. After a rather unproductive hour, Ivan finally got up and left the boardroom for a washroom break, allowing Ronan to play his last card.
“Franklin, listen, there’s something I need to ask you. Do you remember last year when we went and saw Placido Domingo?”
“Yes Ronan, it was a wonderful night. Gale still talks about what a wonderful time she had that night.”
“It was truly a wonderful night. The restaurant, what was it called, Latour’s I think, was just tremendous. Anyway Franklin, you seem to have a knack for organizing these things in a truly fantastic way. I think I’d feel more comfortable if you organized the whole Velanni night for Ivan and us.”
“Well thank you Ronan, but I’ll have to say no,” Franklin said and returned his gaze to the papers in front of him.
“Oh really, for any particular reason Franklin?”
“I’m actually quite busy Ronan.”
“Oh, I see,” Ronan said, much more disappointed than his disappointed look could possibly portray. “Well I’ll have to do it myself then.”
“Yes, afraid so,” Franklin added.
“You know Franklin, I was wondering. What is it specifically that you like about Velanni?”
Franklin paused for a moment. “There is a certain Velanni style,” he said finally, not committing to a gender.
“Yes, the old Velanni style,” Ronan countered.
They both sat silent, staring hard at one another. Finally after a dozen seconds, Ronan cleared his throat just to break the awkward tension.
Franklin accepted this concession and jumped in. “Oh, for the love of God Ronan, this is ridiculous,” he said, still staring at Ronan. “The Velanni style . . . really? There is no Velanni. Have we gone insane?” Franklin threw his arms in the air.
Ronan shook his head, a weak smile all he could muster. “What the hell came over us Franklin? God, Ivan thinks Velanni exists. What the hell are we going to do?”
Franklin ran his hand through his hair, Ronan sat at the boardroom table, head in hands. Finally Franklin spoke, “I might have an idea,” he came and sat beside Ronan and spoke softly.

Ivan burst through the doors again like a locomotive. “I’m back. You haven’t bankrupted me while I was in the washroom have you?”
“Not hardly,” Ronan answered, a serious look on his face.
“What the hell is wrong with you two; you look like somebody ate your lunch,” Ivan said and pulled up a chair across the table from them.
“You’re not going to believe this; we can hardly believe it ourselves,” Ronan said.
“What?”
“It came across the newswire a moment ago.”
“What, for the love of God?”
Ronan and Franklin said nothing, intentionally pausing for a good three or four seconds. Finally Ronan spoke. “Velanni is dead.”
“What?”
“Heart attack,” Franklin added.
Nobody said anything. The silent interlude hit its eighth second when suddenly, head in hands, Ivan began to make a contorted noise, almost a hiccupping sound. Ronan and Franklin sensed that he was crying. They stared at him for a full ten seconds before they realized he was laughing—so hard he was having trouble breathing.
“Ivan?” Ronan said.
Finally catching his breath Ivan managed to speak, “You two are beautiful.” He rubbed tears from his eyes. “The great Velanni is dead . . . boo hoo hoo,” he said, breaking into wild laughter again. He caught his breath once more. “Well, we’ll have to go to the funeral,” again wild laughter poured out of the big man. Ronan and Franklin sat silent, unsure of what was happening but sensing they were being laughed at.

Moments later, having calmed down and poured himself a glass of water, Ivan spoke. “Alright, fun’s over gentleman, now let’s buy this cosmetics company.”
Thirty feet away, Jane Cooper, receptionist, added Ivan Rollyglen, tycoon, to the list of friends in her address book—right under her best friend Gabrielle Velanni.
A Mother and Son’s Prerogative
After an arduous spring, Jules Lamoure was more than happy to enjoy a peaceful June evening with her husband. She and Alan had been married for a little more than two decades, but the last few months had easily been their worst. Their daughter Charlotte had gotten married and moved out of the house the previous fall, and their son Gerald had just finished high school and was spending less and less time at home. This was supposed to be the start of their golden years, a period when, alone at last, they could rediscover their love and wallow in the glow of their accomplishments.
It hadn’t quite gone as planned. Instead, Alan’s small cleaning business had lost a couple of key clients, and their financial future seemed less certain than it had just a year ago. The added stress was manifesting itself into an assortment of new physical aches and pains which they both fought through every day, and they seemed to be constantly carping at each other, often for silly, trivial things. It had been a tough couple of months.  
But on this day all was good. An amber sun was only minutes past the horizon, the peaceful warm June air teased of long August evenings to come, and two wonderfully plump salmon steaks lay defenseless on their small globe barbeque. They had gotten the salmon at a bargain price thanks to Jules’ acumen with coupons, and so had splurged on wine and were now leisurely nursing a crisp Chardonnay in the sun’s final half hour. They sat silent, content in each other’s presence, but seasoned enough to jointly shirk the painful task of annoying small talk. The sizzle of the salmon offered the only sound, a richly decadent dill butter veneer the only scent. All was indeed good on this day, and they had even shared a few laughs. 
And then Alan spoiled the whole thing; he got up to check the salmon and had a heart attack.

Riding in the ambulance to the hospital, a glowering determined stare having left no doubt with the young driver that she’d be circumventing any rules regarding her status as a passenger, Jules found herself struggling to keep her emotions shrouded from her husband. She loved Alan, but lately their relationship had assumed a predominantly apathetic demeanor. Even on their good days, when the arguments were few and far between, they had always spared each other the embarrassment of gratuitous affection. But now, looking down at the man she loved, an ugly oxygen mask covering his wonderful face, his beautiful eyes narrow and lost, she wondered if she’d get another chance to reignite that affection. Ignoring the clumsy awkwardness of it, she reached out and rubbed his hand, at once noticing how aged it looked and felt. When had he gotten these wrinkles, and why hadn’t she noticed? She glanced upward, as if to let gravity help her keep a tear in as they pulled up to the emergency entrance at Preston Memorial Hospital.    
Jules was shooed into a waiting room, her agreement to do this contingent upon a very young doctor’s promise to return for her after a few moments. She paced, ignored the stares of the others waiting with her, and finally sat. After what seemed to Jules like an hour, but in reality was about a dozen minutes, they called for her. She burst through the doors to the patient care area of the emergency ward. Alan was in the first bed, his privacy curtains were open, and he had his oxygen mask removed. He looked to be resting comfortably, eyes closed and greyish blonde hair a mess, hands gently resting on his abdomen, the iconic green gown covering him to the knees.
She stared at him a moment, and then took a deep breath. “So . . . you’ve had a heart attack.”
“Hmmm,” Alan said, opening his eyes just wide enough to see his wife standing at the foot of his bed. She looked older now than she had six months ago; perhaps the recent strain of their relationship was the cause. He noticed that she had large mauve ring earrings on, like something you might throw at a wooden stump at the fair trying to win a stuffed panda bear. Alan couldn’t remember the earrings while they were relaxing by the barbeque and wondered if she’d thrown them on while he clung to life at the mercy of some young ambulance attendant?
Jules paused for a moment, trying to assess whether Alan could talk comfortably. He was staring at her, but she couldn’t get a good read on his expression. She pressed on. “We might have to change a few things Alan,” she said, the nervousness in her voice hinting at a certain awkwardness—a testament to the barriers that had sprung up between them.
“Such as . . .” Alan said, suddenly quite alert.
“I think we might want to consider frying a few less things.”
“There must be some kind of cooking oil that will make it all good . . . no?”
“Ah no. No magic cooking oil,” she said, the light heartedness of the conversation a welcome relief. There was a tidal wave of tears that wanted to explode out of her, but she held it back. “I’m serious Alan, there are going to have to be some changes. Gerald and Charlotte need you. You can’t leave them.”
“I know Jules,” he said, fully aware that she had excluded herself from the list of those needing him. He’d had a damn heart attack—couldn’t she have thrown him a bone.   
Jules continued with the homily she had pieced together in the waiting room. “Gerald is just starting to come into his own; he’s graduated from high school now and he’s really turned the corner Alan. He’s a fine young man.” She gave the tears welling up in her eyes a moment to seep back into her eye sockets and then continued, “and he needs you Alan.”
“I know Jules. I don’t want you to tell either of them about this.”
“About what?”
“The heart attack.”
“Alan, I don’t see how I can keep the fact that you had a heart attack away from your children.”
“Just for a couple of days,” Alan said, shifting himself in his bed. “Gerald’s got his graduation celebrations tonight and tomorrow. Tell him in a few days.”
“Alan . . .”
“Phone him and tell him that we’re spending the night at the Randall’s.” Alan shifted again. “My car is in the garage, he won’t look.”
“I suppose I could do that,” Jules said, more concerned with Alan’s seemingly perpetual discomfort.
“And there’s no sense telling Charlotte either.”
Jules was more interested in ending the line of conversation. “No. Very well. I’ll call later.”
“Are you alright Jules?”
The question surprised her. “As good as can be expected.”
“You seemed a bit emotional in the ambulance.”
Another surprise. “I had hoped you hadn’t seen that.”
“I did.”
She leaned over and hugged him gently. A tear ran down her cheek and she discreetly wiped it with her hand, not wanting him to see. She thought about kissing him, but hesitated and then abandoned the idea all together.  
“Been a while since you’ve been that close to me Jules.”
She took another deep breath and their eyes found each other. It dawned on Jules that she couldn’t remember the last time they had looked into each other’s eyes; Alan’s seemed tired, pained. “It’s just . . . I don’t know Alan. It just seems that lately you’ve been a bit distant and now all this happens and . . . well, I wasn’t sure for a while there that I was going to get a chance to try and fix whatever I’d broken.”
“What are you talking about Jules? What do you mean by broken?”
“We shouldn’t be having this conversation right now; you need to relax.”
“Jules, I’m fine. What did you mean?”
“Nothing, you’ve just seem a bit pissed at me lately.”
“I’m not pissed at you.” Alan paused for a moment and contemplated his next words. “It’s just that the kids are growing up and I’m just . . . I don’t know Jules, it’s just that I’m out of sorts these days.” He wasn’t looking at her now, but staring down at his knees which were peeking out from under the edge of his green gown. “I don’t know what to say Jules. I feel old.” He shook his head. “I just feel old Jules.”  
“I thought we might grow old together,” Jules said. She had been carrying the line in her head for a while—she’d heard it on television or read it somewhere.
As he was apt to do in these situations, Alan misplaced his conviction and meekly tried to change the subject. They had nibbled around the edges of this conversation many times and lying there, pale and weak with tubes sticking out of his arm, he had no appetite for the core of it. “Why don’t you go and get a bite to eat and then come back. You must be starving,” he said, his insincerity well hidden.
At that moment, the young doctor appeared at Alan’s bedside. “Hello folks,” he said, forcing a polite smile to flash across his face. “It appears that it was a mild heart attack after all.”
Alan and Jules shared a somber glance but said nothing.
“In a couple of days we’ll talk about the future, but for now, you’re going to be with us for at least a day, maybe longer,” the doctor continued.
“Ok,” Alan said, caring little about the doctor’s words, but happy to have he and Jules’ conversation interrupted.
The doctor turned to Jules. “We’ve given him something that will help him relax, but I can’t stress enough how important it is that he doesn’t do anything that will get his heart rate up. He needs to relax. We’ll get him in a room upstairs as soon as one becomes available. We need to be careful, more careful in the very short-term. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
Jules nodded.
“Good, I’ll be back in a little while,” the doctor said and left.
Jules left for the cafeteria, promising to phone Gerald and to return within the half hour.

The emotional complexity of Jules’ evening swelled upon her return; a young gentleman was wheeled into the emergency area on a stretcher. He was unconscious, and giving off a strong odor—an incomparable combination of vomit and alcohol.
“That’s my son!” she screamed in horror, drawing the attention of everyone in the waiting room. “What’s happened to him?”
“This young man has consumed an excessive amount of alcohol, ma’am,” the driver from earlier in the evening said quietly. “He’s out like a light and needs to have his stomach pumped.”
“What? Will he be alright?” Jules said, looking down at her only son. His face was pale, his strong facial features softened by the lack of tension in his body. His jowls seemed puffy making him more resembled Alan. 
“He’ll probably be fine, but we need to get the booze out of him. We’ll let you know ma’am.”
They started to wheel Gerald through the doors to the patient care unit. Jules was the only one who realized the obvious. “Stop!”
“What?” a bookish looking nurse who was helping wheel the stretcher asked.
“My husband is in there, and he’s had a heart attack,” Jules said, exasperated. “If he sees his son on a stretcher right now, it could be deadly. Do you know what I mean?”
Everyone stopped and contemplated what she had said. The silent interlude stretched past five seconds.
Jules continued, speaking more slowly and overemphasizing every word as if she was talking to children. “Do you get what I’m saying? This boy is my son. His father is on the other side of those doors, having just survived a heart attack, not an hour ago.”
“What bed is he in?” the driver said.
“The first one,” Jules answered.
“Draw the curtain on the father’s bed and we’ll put the boy in the last bed. Tell the staff not to mention the boy’s name,” the driver said. “It’s all we can do. This boy needs to be in the emergency area. It’s the only area where he can be treated.”
“I’ll go draw the curtain,” the bookish nurse said, and disappeared through the swinging doors.
Jules kissed Gerald on the cheek and straightened his brown hair which was wet with God knows what. She was worried about him, but was more worried that his dad was going to be dead when the boy woke up. She left her son’s side and rushed in to Alan. The curtain had been drawn.
She stopped for a moment to gather her thoughts, took a couple of deep breaths, and then burst through the curtain like a late night talk show host. “Hello,” she said, a most fraudulent smile masking her concern for the events unfolding a small distance behind her.
“Did you get a bite to eat?”
“Chicken salad sandwich. Nothing to write home about, but it did the trick.”
“Did you talk to Gerald?”
“No, it’s only about half past nine. There’ll be plenty of time for that.”
“What’s all the ruckus out there?”
“Not sure. It’s an emergency ward. Could be any number of things.”
“I suppose so.”
“I’ll be back. I’ve just got to go to the washroom,” Jules said and quickly slid through the curtain and trotted over to Gerald’s bed.
There was a flurry of activity but one of the nurses assured her that her son was going to be fine. She scooted back to Alan, perhaps a tad too quickly.
“Holy smokes, that was quick. Did you find the washroom?”
She should have said no. “Yep, just went quick.”
Alan furrowed his brow. “You know Jules, I was thinking about Gerald.” Alan felt a certain comfort in talking about the kids; it insulated him from Jules’ deep references to the intricacies of their relationship. 
“Hmmf.”
“It’s just . . . I don’t know . . . I hope he enjoys himself tonight—he’s earned it. He’s worked so hard. It’ll be good for him to blow off a little steam.”
“Hmmf.”
“What’s wrong? You seem quiet,” Alan said, looking directly at her now.
“No I’m fine. Yes, hopefully he doesn’t blow off too much steam.”
“Jules, he’s growing up. He’s a responsible mature young man now; you were right before, he’s really turned the corner. He’ll probably just have a few beers.”
“Chicken salad . . . I really like chicken salad,” Jules said looking at the wall above Alan’s head.
“Wow, that was quite a change in direction.”
“Sorry, yes, I’m sure you’re right. I’m sure Gerald will just have a few bottles of beer . . . maybe a touch of scotch . . . perhaps some vodka or something.”
“Jules, he doesn’t touch the hard stuff. He’ll be fine.”
“I know, I was only kidding,” she lied.
“You know, I hate having this curtain closed. Is there any way we can open it?”
“Umm, don’t think so.” Jules hesitated, contemplated her options, and then continued. “There’s a gentleman who needs to have some very private things done to a very private part of his body, and he’s quite self-conscious. Rightly so I think.”
“Well, can’t they just close his curtain? Do we all have to sit here in isolation because of him?”
Jules drew a blank.
“There’s something that you’re not telling me Jules. What’s out there that they don’t want me to see?”
“Nothing Alan.”
“Jules.”
“Nothing.”
Alan shifted in the bed again. “Are you sure there’s nothing going on that I should know about? Have some of his exam results come back? Has Gerald messed up his exams or something?”
“Alan, settle down. Really, you shouldn’t be thinking of things that will cause you stress. Think of how wonderful your life is. You have two wonderful children. You’re in your mid-fifties. This little heart attack is a subtle warning that you need to change some things ever so slightly. A few minor tweaks and you’ll enter your golden years with a wonderful rich future ahead of you.”
Alan again noticed that Jules hadn’t referenced herself as being part of his rich future. “Very eloquent, very nicely put Jules, but are you sure there isn’t anything you’re keeping from me?”
Jules paused, contemplated the reality that Alan wasn’t going to let go of his suspicion and decided to compromise.  “Alan, I’ve told you a couple of very small white lies. Little tiny ones actually. This I’m willing to admit, and I promise to get onside with you in a few days. It’s nothing, more of a surprise than a lie really. “
“You’re not pregnant are you?”
Jules smiled, assuming a light hearted flavor to the comment. Alan looked at her, his eyes narrowed to slits, and he wondered what she was keeping from him.

For the remainder of the night and indeed until sunrise, Jules bounced like a tennis ball between the first and last beds of the emergency ward at Preston Memorial. Gerald ended up being fine, and gradually sobered up to the point that he was coherent. They finally moved Alan to a room on the third floor, and a dutiful nurse, at Jules urging, walked Gerald to Alan’s room just past sunrise. Jules had asked that they not tell Gerald why he was being led to the room. Gerald entered the room and stopped in his tracks, the site of his dad made up like a patient, widened his eyes noticeably.
“Hello Gerald,” Jules said cheerily.
He kept staring.
“Jules, I thought we had an agreement,” Alan said, obviously surprised to see Gerald.
“Alan, I didn’t say anything to Gerald. He’s just shown up. He must have heard from the neighbors or something.” 
Gerald kept staring.
“Gerald, your father has had a mild heart attack. He’ll need to tweak a few things but he’ll be fine.”
Gerald’s eyes began to well up with tears and it dawned on Jules that he didn’t have the luxury of knowing the timing of the previous night’s events. He was likely assuming that he had caused his father’s heart attack. While Jules did contemplate letting Gerald carry this misperception for a couple of years, more as a lesson than anything else, it did seem a tad cruel.
“Gerald, your father had his heart attack at around eight o’clock last night; he desperately didn’t want to tell you so as not to spoil your graduation festivities.” The guilt that this would cause seemed less cruel—acceptably cruel actually.
“Dad, I don’t know what to . . . are you alright?” Gerald said, wiping a tear from his cheek.
“I’m fine Gerald. A little warning shot across the bow is all this is really. A little warning.”
“My God, I’m so sorry.”
Jules decided to cut in before Gerald said more than he needed to. “Gerald, whatever are you apologizing for? You got here as soon as you heard. You have nothing to apologize for.” Jules stared into Gerald’s eyes for a moment longer than she might have otherwise, and was confident that he understood what she was trying to communicate to him. His father didn’t need to know about the drinking incident. Perhaps they’d tell him some day, perhaps they wouldn’t—a mother and son’s prerogative.
Moments later, a nurse entered the room and took a few bodily readings from Alan, and then gave a nod in Jules’ direction. “I think you’re good to go. He seems pretty steady right now.”
Jules nodded at the nurse, and took a deep breath. “Alan, about that white lie . . . er the surprise rather.”
Gerald looked concerned at this point, unsure of what his mother’s next words would be.
Alan propped himself up, eager to hear what his wife had to say. “You said there were two surprises actually Jules.”
“Yes, well, while you were in the early stages of your recovery and unable to deal with anything that might be construed as stressful . . .”
“Yes Jules.”
“In another area of the hospital . . .”
Gerald looked sick.
Jules paused for a few seconds; for effect more than anything else. “Your daughter Charlotte went into labor and had an emergency caesarean . . . and safely delivered beautiful twin daughters.”
Alan’s eyes welled up with tears, as did Jules’. She came to him and he kissed her. Their golden years having just begun.
Marlow’s Necklace
It was a ruby and diamond necklace–more diamond than ruby, and the man who was about to buy it seemed to be in a rush. The woman, who was going to be the recipient of it, seemed to have all the time in the world. The owner of the store was making his pitch directly to her, and was trying to find the sweet spot between over-exuberance and calm cool collectedness. He was erring slightly on the exuberant side.
I know all of this because I was standing several feet behind them and not minding my own business. I had started paying attention when the owner began turning the dial on a breadbox sized wall safe just behind and to the right of the main sales counter at the back of the store. I’m not a rich man, and had been browsing for a reasonably priced birthday present for a friend when a couple had entered the store, and spoken briefly in hushed tones to the owner. “Wonderful,” they had both said in unison when the owner had suggested he had something in his safe which they might like. This had gotten my attention, so I had wondered a little closer, and was tapping into my discreet yet formidable peripheral senses.
The woman had the necklace on, and was looking into a small mirror that was being held before her by the owner. She turned so her gentleman friend could see it. “It’s absolutely stunning Marlow . . . absolutely stunning,” the woman said. She must have been six feet tall, and a larger than normal proportion of that was neck. The makeup was perfect, and her short black hair seemed to have a very slight purple tinge to it.
“It looks wonderful on you Brit,” Marlow said, but there didn’t seem to be any sincerity in it. Marlow was likely close to double her age, and his expensive duds; the black leather jacket, the made to order red designer jeans, and the trendy high end leisure shoes looked silly on him, but he had obviously looked in the mirror that morning and thought all was good, so all the power in the world to him.
“May I have it Marlow?” she said and gave him a smile that was a currency all its own.
“How much?” Marlow asked the store owner who opened his mouth without making a noise, perhaps surprised to have arrived at the negotiables so soon. He was close to Marlow’s age but dressed the part; conservative sky blue button down shirt, tie with diagonal red and green stripes, and spectacles that seemed only slightly larger than his irises. He stalled a bit, and I guessed he was sizing up the situation; balancing the risk of over-shooting and having Marlow storm out versus leaving money on the table and coming in well below where Marlow was willing to go.
“Two hundred and fifty thousand,” he said with more composure than I would have anticipated. “That includes an imitation that can be worn to anything less than A-level events . . . or, well you know . . . B-level or C-level events.”
I hoped Marlow did know, because I didn’t have a clue. If I owned a piece of jewelry that cost a quarter of a million dollars, I wouldn’t waste my time wearing a cheap knock off anywhere.
“You’re joking. For that?” Marlow said and waved his finger in the general direction of Brit’s long neck.
“Sir, this piece is perfection,” the owner said, his face hiding well the anxiety that I guessed was starting to build.
“No, it’s not goddamn perfection you idiot,” Marlow said, his tanned face of pointy angry features making him resemble a long-tailed weasel . . . with a tan . . . that was angry. I thought he might storm out. Instead he stared hard at the owner with a condescending glare that I guessed Brit had seen a few times. 
The owner started to say something and stopped. He was shaken up, and his lip was quivering. I felt bad for him, and bad for Brit, and bad for the human species that Marlow’s type had snuck through the evolutionary chain.
“Fine,” Marlow said at last, shaking his head and laughing a demeaning little giggle to himself. “Cheque?”
“Certified cheque or bank draft.”
I looked directly at Marlow now, abandoning my peripheral skills all together. He looked as if he was actually contemplating the most efficient way to kill the store owner. Shall I stab him, break his neck, smother him . . . just what are all my options. I moved a step closer as I’m the type to not let injustices play out in front of me—I actually thought I might have to physically get between Marlow and the store owner with the tiny glasses.
Finally Marlow seemed to calm down a bit. He exhaled slowly, and shook his head again in one last show of rancor. “Wait here,” he said forcefully to Brit. “I’ll go to the bank and get a bank draft, and be back in five minutes.” 
And so Marlow left, while Brit continued to stare at herself in the mirror, and I eyed a seventy five dollar bracelet for my friend. The owner, having composed himself a little, plodded over and humoured me.
“I’m just looking for something inexpensive for my friend,” I said.
“Special occasion?” the owner said quickly.
“Birthday,” I said and pointed to the one I’d been eyeing.
“Very nice.”
“Not really,” I thought. “Yes it is,” I said.
“Shall I pop it in a gift box?”
“Does that quarter of a million dollar necklace come with a gift box?” I said smiling, hoping to settle the mood a bit.
This made him uncomfortable. He clearly didn’t want to be heard talking about Marlow and Brit behind their backs, although he needn’t have worried, as Marlow was still at the bank and Brit was still mesmerized by her own reflection. He gave me a quick little smile so as not to alienate me and my seventy five dollars, but said nothing and skipped back over to Brit. She was indifferent to his presence, and so he started to rustle around near the cash register for a box for my bracelet. Before he could finish, Marlow entered the store and instantly relegated my box to the back burner.
“Any problems,” the owner asked as Marlow approached the counter—I thought this was actually courageous of him.
“Here,” Marlow said and handed over what I assumed was a bank draft for a quarter of a million dollars.
“Perfect,” the owner said, looking down at it, but desperately trying to act like it was no big deal. He hadn’t thought that the word “perfect” might incite Marlow into another rage, and luckily this flew right on over Marlow’s died brown hair. The store owner reached around Brit’s neck, startling her for a moment, and then unclasped the necklace and put it in a small wooden case, and then put that in a small velvet pouch, and then put that in a small shopping bag, and then handed that to Brit. And then Brit rushed to catch up with Marlow, who was already out the door and looking for his next conquest, or takeover, or whatever it is that Marlow looked for.
The owner now turned his attention back to me and continued looking for a box for my bracelet, the bank draft still in his hand. As he did, I glanced around and then glanced down to the counter and noticed a sleek leather wallet sitting to the side of it. Immediately I knew it was Marlow’s. I took it.
Now, the moral judgements that go hand in hand with an act like this need to be taken in context; there was likely a phone number in the wallet, or at least a full name which would allow a phone number to be determined, so I was just as likely as the store owner to be able to ring Marlow and arrange for his wallet to be returned. And, if Marlow had any tendency towards generosity and was the sort of fellow who might offer a reward, well better I receive that than the store owner who was doing well already with his quarter million dollar draft. I popped the wallet in my coat pocket, paid for my bracelet with cash, and took my small unwrapped gift box (without a bag) and bid my ruby selling friend adieu.
I live directly across the street from Harrison’s Fine Jewelry in an apartment above a hair salon. I rushed home so I could call Marlow on my old fashioned land line. I didn’t want him calling the store and asking about his wallet, that’d get messy. I’d tell him I found it on the sidewalk just outside the store. That’d seem nobler than taking it from the store, and more deserving of a reward. The driver’s licence and a couple of bank cards told me his last name was Spooner, and a quick call to directory assistance got me his number. As I dialed, I realized there was two grand in hundred dollar bills in the wallet, but they say honesty pays, so I stayed on the line.
“Hello.” 
“Hello, Mrs. Spooner?”
“Uh, no. There is no Mrs. Spooner.”
It was Brit. I wanted to say “Hey Brit, how’s the necklace. How’s the neck for that matter,” but I didn’t. “Is Mr. Marlow Spooner there please? I’ve found his wallet.”
“Oh, you’re kidding. Oh, well. I’ll get him.”
A moment later the red jeaned man himself was on the line.
“Yes.”
“Hello Mr. Marlow. My name is Robert King,” I said as cheerily as I could muster. “I’ve found your wallet on the sidewalk in downtown Gladenten.”
There was a pause during which I assume he felt his jean pockets or his jacket pockets and came to the realization that he indeed was walletless. “Yes, I seem to have lost it,” he said, seemingly crushed at this ounce of failure that had snuck into his masterful life.
“Do you live near Gledenten, I’m on my way out. I can pop by with it,” I said.
“Actually, we’re just on our way out to some friends for a dinner,” he said and then there was silence as he contemplated what to do.
“Do you need your wallet tonight Mr. Spooner?”
“Ummm, no I suppose I don’t. Brit . . . er, my wife will drive,” he said.
I wanted to tell him that I suspected that Brit wasn’t his wife and that it really would have been appropriate for him to tell me to call him “Marlow” rather than “Mr. Spooner,” but I chose the shorter route. “Would it be convenient if I popped by tomorrow morning at nine o’clock . . . it really isn’t a bother, I’ll be going out then anyway.
“Uhhh, sure, that’d be fine,” he said as if I ought to be delighted at the prospect.
“I’ll see you then,” I said.
“You’re going to need to know where we live,” he said as if speaking to a small child.
I chuckled a bit. “Silly of me. I have a pen, go ahead.”
He told me the address which I already knew; I’d talked the directory assistance operator into giving it to me, but I wrote it out and said goodbye to Marlow.
It was just past six in the evening, and Gledenten was switching to weekend mode. The shops were closing, the evening crowds were starting to take their spots in the beer gardens outside the local establishments, and lovers were enjoying the warm air and the setting sun, and hopefully each other’s company. I poured myself a stale yet strong cup of coffee from the pot I had made that morning, and contemplated my plans for the evening.

The next morning I arose at eight o’clock, groggy and lacking energy from a late night. A shower and a couple of cups of coffee solved that to a degree and I was off. The lot in which I rent a parking spot was alive with people and cars and kids and it took me a while to navigate out of it, but soon I was on my way. Gledenten is a lake shore community. The town’s main strip, where the jewelry store and my apartment are, sit about two hundred yards from the water’s edge. Most of the homes within Gledenten are modest, some are larger, some nicer, some newer—like any place. The exception to all of this are ten to fifteen monstrous mansions that sit on the water’s edge. Not surprisingly, Marlow and Brit’s abode is one of these.
It’s actually the largest one and sits at the south end of the town’s border. It’s an estate, with a gatehouse and the whole shebang. I pulled up to it, lowered my window and looked at a young man who was clearly surprised to see me.
“Good morning,” I said.
“Hi,” he shot back, which may or may not have meant that he disagreed with my assessment of the morning.
“I’m here to see Mr. Spooner . . . regarding his wallet.”
“Really, they didn’t say anything about that.”
I wondered who “they” were for a moment but pressed on. “They may have forgotten. I spoke with Mr. Spooner last night.”
He stood there for a moment and seemed anxious, his stress level and likely his blood pressure seemed to be on the rise. “I guess I’ll have to call . . . give me a second.”
The anxiety made sense now, and I assumed it was driven by my uniformed friends pending interaction with Marlow the red jeaned boy. I bit my lip, and then pursed them and did an assortment of odd little bodily things that people do when they’re trying to act like they’re not listening in on someone’s call. Obviously I was.
“Good morning sir, there’s a gentleman here who says you’re expecting him . . . something about your wallet . . . yes sir . . . I don’t know his name sir . . . I don’t know exactly . . . I’m twenty-five . . . just high school . . . I’ve never taken and IQ test . . . sorry sir . . . really . . . yes sir,” and he hung up.
By this point I was reaching over and rustling papers in my glove compartment for no reason other than to afford the kid a chance to maintain some dignity. I’m not a violent person, although I do have that “injustice” thing goin’ on that I mentioned earlier, but I’m not a fighter, a physical fighter anyway, but when that kid told me to drive through, and I saw the humiliation on his face, and I knew that he had likely just lost his job, I was half certain that I was going to fight Marlow within the next five minutes. 
I parked in front of the ridiculously large home, took a number of deep breaths, got out and rang the bell.
Brit answered the door. She gave me a glance up and down before succumbing to normal human courtesy. “Hi, you must be the guy with the wallet.” 
“Yes, hi I’m Robert King,” I said and stepped inside as Brit invitingly opened the door wide and back peddled so I could get in.
“You look familiar,” she said and narrowed her eyes and furrowed her brow—or, the paint which had replaced her brow.
“Yes, I suppose I do,” I said which didn’t make sense, but it escaped my mouth before I could prevent it.
From my vantage point the house looked both tasteful and grand. “Substantial” would do if I was pressed for a one word description. A large wide staircase led upstairs and was right behind Brit. To the left and right were a living room and a dining room which were both warmly painted. There were shelves and coves and pedestals, all of which housed valuable artifacts—most of it African. There was an original (I assume—wasn’t close enough to be sure) Mateus Athorn painting hanging in the living room which could probably fetch a million and a half at auction. It was nice, if you’re into that sort of thing.
“Oh, here’s Marlow,” Brit said as Marlow ambled up behind her.
I extended a hand which Marlow shook reluctantly.
“Marlow, this is Robert King, the man with your wallet,” Brit said and opened her hand in my direction like the women on the Price Is Right. “I was just telling him that he looks familiar.”
“I was in the jewellery store yesterday when you came in. Harrison’s Fine jewelry.”
“That must be it,” Brit said.
“It must be,” I said and paused. “I’m sorry and I hope this isn’t rude, but is that the necklace that you bought yesterday,” I said and threw a quick little point in the direction of her neck.
“Yes, it is . . . actually this is just an imitation, the real one is someplace safe . . . it just comes out when we’re going someplace special.”
“It’s beautiful. My mother is in love with that necklace. They had it out one day about a week ago, under the display case and I was in with my mother—she likes to go in and just look at the jewelry—and she loved it. You’re very lucky to have it.”
“Thank you, Marlow takes quite good care of me. He’s very generous.”
Marlow looked at her as if to convey that she was talking too much. She stopped talking, and then started again “I can hardly tell the difference between the real one and the fake one.”
Good for you Brit, I thought. Talk when you want to talk. Don’t be bullied by this guy. “I didn’t find anything I liked,” I said to her, but made sure that I looked at Marlow so he felt as if he were part of the conversation. “When I was in Harrison’s jewelry store yesterday I mean. I was just looking for something for my mom. She likes fancy jewelry but she can’t really afford it. I can’t either. I was just looking to pick up some costume jewelry for her but even that is so expensive.
Marlow rolled his eyes, so I took his wallet out of my pocket.
“Here’s your wallet Mr. Spooner,” I said and handed it to him.
He took it and immediately checked to see that the cash was still there. It was. He glanced through the cards and small papers, and then once content that I hadn’t taken anything he nodded at me.
“Twit,” I thought. “My pleasure,” I said.
“It was very nice of you to return Marlow’s wallet and go through the trouble of bring it back on a Saturday morning Mr. King. I’m sure Marlow is appreciative, aren’t you Marlow.”
“Yes, I am Brit. We’ve already done the nodding thing . . . just a second ago,” he said, annoyed as he always seemed to be.
 There was a pause and Brit seemed to be contemplating something. “Marlow may I speak to you for a moment,” she said and disappeared around a corner into the living room. Marlow followed. There was whispering and I may have heard a Marlowian sigh, and then more whispering and then a smack which I think was a kiss, and then they returned. “We’d like you to have this,” Brit said and unclasped her necklace and handed it to me. “It’s just the imitation, and it’s only worth a couple of hundred dollars but we’d like you to have it for your mom.”
“Oh my God, I couldn’t possibly accept it,” I said.
“Well we offered,” Marlow shot back and he walked off.
It was just Brit and I now. “Please take it,” she said, and sounded sincere which impressed me.
“Well, I know that my mom will be thrilled. Thank you so much,” I said and walked out. I got in my car and drove down the long driveway.

It turned out the kid at the gatehouse had indeed been turfed by Marlow. He was just leaving, being hustled out by his replacement who had likely been shuffled over from somewhere else on the property. I stopped and lowered my window.
“Get in buddy, I’ll give you a ride,” I said.
He was a tall thin black kid. His hair was short, and he was wearing black slacks and a red golf shirt, as was his replacement. There was a sadness in his eyes. I couldn’t tell if it was his termination that had caused it or if it was his standard look. “No, I’m good man,” he said.
“Seriously, get in. I’ll drive you anywhere,” I said while reaching over and opening the door.
He got in without saying anything to his replacement who stood expressionless just outside the gatehouse, arms folded across his chest. “Thanks,” the kid said softly once he was in the car with the door closed. “I live on Rotter just off of Tredmore.”
I had no idea where these streets were but he directed me and we found them. Along the way, I learned that he was a student, and that the job was helping pay for his education. And I learned that Marlow was indeed as large a moron as I had assumed, but I had to draw this out of the kid, he seemed to have an ingrained loyalty that he hadn’t relinquished even though Marlow had fired him—an honourable trait, if a little misplaced in this instance. He told me about what he was studying and where he was going to school, but I ignored all of this because I was thinking about something. Trying to rationalize a decision that I’d need to make in the near future. He got out and thanked me. Before he did I took his phone number and told him I might have a job lead for him and that I’d get back to him in a couple of days.

And so now I’d like to come clean if I may. Which is saying something for yours truly—trust me.
The gatehouse kid would get a call from me in a few days, and a few days after that he’d get a wire transfer from me for about a hundred thousand dollars. The necklace that Brit gave me wasn’t the imitation, it was the real thing, and the hundred thousand was the lion’s share of what I’d get for it. 
You see, I’m a thief; not a burglar—what an awkward word. Not a prowler; my knees and hips are incapable of prowling at this point. But a thief . . . who engages in thievery. I steal other people’s things for a living. During the previous night when lovers were loving and beer garden sitters were sitting and shops were closing in the lovely town of Gledenten, I went to work. Marlow and Brit’s place was easy to get into; I approached from the water side, just after dark and easily picked the lock on their back door. The security alarm was easily compromised because it wasn’t installed properly which happens more times than you might think. I had reset the timing mechanism so that I had an hour which was more than enough time. There were no live—in staff, and so I was alone.
Originally I had planned on just getting into the safe which was, uncreatively, in the bedroom closet, and stealing the damn thing straight up. I’d brought a few small tools and a lifetime of experience with me and didn’t have any trouble getting into that archaic thing.
Actually, originally, I had planned on stealing the necklace from Harrison’s. I’d scoped it out over the previous couple of weeks; both from the window of the apartment I was renting for the month, and from a few reconnaissance browsing missions, the third of which resulted in my watching Brit put my necklace around her lovely long neck. 
But standing in Brit’s and Marlow’s bedroom, the real necklace in my hand in all its sparkling rubiness, and the fake one on Brit’s night table, it dawned on me that I could remove just about all the risk from this little endeavour and save myself the possibility of involuntary incarceration. The more I thought about it, the more I loved the idea. There were no guarantees it would pan out but this had the makings of a legendary idea. This one could go down as one of the great ones.
The fake necklace was a decent fake. An untrained eye couldn’t tell the difference, and I was sure that Brit and Marlow were as untrained as you could get. So I put the fake one in the vault and shut it up and then I put the real one on the night table and then I got out of there quick as a mouse. I’d broken into a house that probably had close to three million dollars’ worth of easily stealable, easily transportable stuff, and taken nothing. And I won’t for a moment suggest that it was easy, but the chance to pull of an illegality of such artistic merit had its allure.
 So where is the risk? I was sure that I could paint a picture for Marlow and more importantly for Brit of a well—meaning son who couldn’t afford to buy his poor mother the necklace she loved. It’s amazing what handing someone two thousand dollars of their own money can do to people. There was no guarantee that they’d give me the necklace, but I painted the picture for them and hoped for the best. If I’d failed to fire up their generosity, I was prepared to pay them for the fake—I had five hundred bucks in my back pocket, and would have offered it up as a means for making poor old mom happy. But Brit had come through, and Marlow saw an easy way to get me out of his house, so my five hundred stayed with me.
If the day ever came when either of them realized that the necklace they had was the fake, what would happen? They’d realize that they gave me the wrong one, and unfortunately Brit would get blamed for this. They’d try and contact me, but wouldn’t have much luck; I’d be long gone. I’d only planned on being in Gledenten till I got the necklace out of Harrison’s anyway. I’d paid cash for everything I’d purchased anywhere near the town. My name isn’t Robert King, and my mom died ages ago. There’s no crime in not being able to be contacted.
What if someone had seen me? What if I’d left a fingerprint (these are formally tied to me because of a youthful indiscretion—before I got good at it all) somewhere in the house? Well, nothing would come of it. Nothing was missing. There was no reason to believe a crime was committed. Was it feasible to believe that someone had broken into a large home full of valuable things just to do a little rearranging? No chance.
The kid would get most of the money, because it just seemed a just thing to do, and to be honest, I’d done this one more for the sport of it—the artistic beauty of the whole thing.
Packing my things up in the apartment on Saturday afternoon, I took my ego out for a run and contemplated that I’d committed the perfect crime. “No, it’s not goddam perfection you idiot,” I imagined Marlow saying, as Brit looked on slightly embarrassed. “Maybe not,” I thought, “but I’ve got your necklace Marlow.”
The Illusion of Probability
Maximilian Myers was a poor magician; financially, he and his wife achieved an adequate existence, but Maxie as his friends called him, wasn’t very good at performing magic tricks. He and Larisa travelled from town to town, performing in bars, school gymnasiums, churches and any place that would have them. Maxie would do a little sleight of hand at the beginning of each show, and then Larisa would join him and they’d walk through all the tired old standards; he’d saw her in half, make her disappear and end the show by seemingly sticking a sword through her stomach. It had all been done before and the subdued applause that usually accompanied their leaving the stage confirmed just how uninspiring it all was.
They’d get paid; usually in cash, and usually a small amount. They’d check out of the cheapest motel in that town, fill their van up with gas, and drive to the next town. It was a life; nothing more and nothing less. They were still in love after twenty two years of marriage, they had no kids, and so they pressed on.
It was in the middle of the night, driving from Beacon Downs to Harrisville, that Maxie got the idea for the trick. Larisa was asleep in the back, and a steady rain beating against the windshield had created a soothing cadence that freed his mind to piece together the idea. He pulled over at the first truck stop diner, woke Larisa, and told her about the trick that was going to change their lives.

The Harrisville show was a matinee, in a small abandon movie theatre. Maxie and Larisa walked through their normal routine for the fifty or sixty locals in attendance. It went as well as it usually did; mediocre at worst, mediocre at best. Larisa, after revealing to the audience that she had survived being pierced by a large steel sword, and after receiving and acknowledging the smattering of polite applause that was their trademark, rushed backstage, grabbed their video recorder and covertly made her way to the back of the crowd. Maxie ducked backstage, grabbed an inflated beach ball, and approached the microphone.
“We have one more trick for you. We’re still working out the kinks, but we’d like to try it for you,” Maxie said smiling and proud.
There was no reaction from the audience, who sat as silently as they had all afternoon.
“A beach ball when thrown has a certain lack of predictability. It could go any number of directions,” Maxie said, at least encouraged that nobody had left. “This is because it’s a light object with a relatively large surface area.”
Blank faces stared back at him. He threw the beach ball into the audience. It swiftly rose, took a sharp right and then settled into the hands of a middle age gentleman, who looked more embarrassed than pleased.
“Your name sir?” Maxie asked.
The gentleman looked around, and then paused. “Hubert,” he said finally.
“Wonderful, Hubert would you please throw the beach ball so it lands in the audience, and then join me on stage.”
Hubert looked less than thrilled at the prospect of doing what Maxie had suggested, but finally he threw the beach ball hard to his right. Again it swiftly rose, this time taking a sharp left and landed in the hands of an attractive young woman, who at least looked pleased to be participating. Hubert slowly made his way onto the stage.
“And your name is?” Maxie said.
“Anne,” the woman said quickly with a wide smile that suggested she was keen to be involved.
“Wonderful. Just hold the ball for a moment,” Maxie said and turned to Hubert who was standing beside him now. He took a small white envelope out of his pocket and handed it to Hubert.
“Should I throw the ball,” Anne shouted. A few people giggled at her impatience.
Maxie was looking at Hubert. “Hubert hold this envelope above your head so everyone can see it.”
Hubert smiled and raised his hand with the envelope above his head.
“Alright Anne, let it fly, but first pick either red or black,” Maxie shouted.
“What?” Anne shouted back, unsure of what she was supposed to do.
“Red or black. Choose one.”
“Red,” she shouted, to more giggles from the other audience members.
“Perfect, now throw the beach ball.”
She did, and it rose like a rocket and then landed like a butterfly in an older gentleman’s hands behind her.
“Name please,” Maxie shouted loudly, ensuring that he accommodated any hearing issues.
“Bryce Paulson,” the man shouted back.
“Choose a red suite; either hearts or diamonds please sir.”
“Diamonds,” he shouted quickly.
“Now, please throw the ball so it lands in the audience.”
Bryce threw the ball hard to his left. It swooped and then fluttered and landed in the hands of a young girl.”
“Hello darling, can you choose one of the diamond cards please. Ace through king.
“My name is Ashley,” she said.
“My goodness, yes, I forgot to ask you your name. Sorry Ashley. Can you choose one of . . .”
“The six of diamonds,” Ashley shouted, to a chorus of applause from the audience.
“Thank you Ashley,” Maxie said once the clapping had subsided. “So, to summarize, this audience has randomly chosen the six of diamonds.”
Maxie turned to Hubert, whose hand was still above his head, still holding the white envelope. “Hubert, please open the envelope and reveal what is inside.”
Hubert brought his hand down and wiggled it as if to suggest that he needed medical attention. He opened the envelope and took out a playing card. Maxie took the microphone and held it in front of Hubert.
“The ten of clubs,” Hubert said.
The crowd was silent for a moment and then a wave of whispering started. Without hesitating, Maxie took the microphone. “We’ll perfect that one next year. Thank you and good night.” He quickly left the stage.

That afternoon driving from Harrisville to Ridgeberry, Maxie and Larisa were in a good mood. He asked her how the videotaping had gone and she confirmed that she had established the perfect distance so that every element of the trick could be seen and heard. She reminded him to ask for the names of the participants, and he admitted that he had just forgotten to ask for the little girl’s name. They passed a beach, and decided to stop and relax for an hour. Life was good, and they both knew it would get better soon.
At Ridgeberry, during the beach ball trick, the audience chose the two of hearts. Maxie asked a short stocky woman named Cindy to reveal the card in the envelope.
“The ten of clubs,” she shouted. 
Again, the audience went silent and then started whispering. Again, Maxie took the microphone. “We’ll perfect that one next year. Good night,” he said once again, and they left.
And so, Maxie and Larisa continued on their endless trek from town to town. At every stop they’d do the beach ball trick, the audience would randomly choose a card, and then the ten of clubs would be revealed as the wrong card. Maxie would promise to have success the following year, and they would leave the stage.
Millsworth was their thirty eighth show since they had started the beach ball trick. A tall slender woman named Marcia had received the last throw of the ball.
“Choose a club please Marcia. Anything from the ace to the king,” Maxie said.
“The ten of clubs,” Marcia said and sat back down.
“Glen, please reveal the card in the envelope,” Maxie said.
“The ten of clubs,” he said, and the crowd erupted into applause.
“Thank you and good night,” Maxie said and left the stage.

Larisa caught up with Maxie backstage. “Finally,” she said and hugged him.
“I actually thought it might take a little longer. I mean, one in fifty two chance—thirty eight isn’t bad. Did you get it videotaped alright?”
“Yeah, it’s good to go,” Larisa said and handed Maxie the camera.
“Great, you drive, and I’ll go through the book of agents and figure out who we can send this thing to.”
Bullies and Frogs
It was hardly flattering; the way they approached me. I knew someone, who knew someone, who knew someone else and on and on, but truth be told; I wasn’t in a position to turn it down. It was my dream, and it was out there well beyond my grasp, but out of the blue, and without warning it was about to happen.
Within the hierarchy of professional minor league baseball, the Staynor Bullfrogs, or the “Frogs” as they’re known locally, play A-level ball in the Short Season New York Penn league. I’d just been plucked from the obscurity of a back office job at a radio station in Seattle, and given the opportunity to be half of the Frogs’ on-air radio broadcast team. The station was WPDD 650, and I’d received a call from the program manager. She explained that they’d managed to secure a former big league play by play talent by the name of Howard Gold, who was willing to do the Frogs’ games as a sort of retirement diversion. She was honest and told me that they wouldn’t be able to pay me much, as they’d blown most of their budget on Howard, but that they’d heard I knew quite a bit about baseball, and had at least worked in the industry.
Of course I jumped at it. I’d heard of Howard Gold; knew he did Cubs games way back, and would have been thrilled to just sit down and have a coffee with him. Instead, I was being given the chance to sit beside him in the broadcast booth and add a little extra to his play by play. I’d never been on-air before; I’d actually never been close to a microphone before, but how hard could it be?

I was left on my own to find a place to live in Staynor. My salary was indeed meagre, so hotels weren’t an option and a small single room within close proximity to the stadium was all I could hope for. The station had supplied me with a list of names, and I was able to contact several homeowners with rooms to rent. They passed me amongst themselves until I was given the name of an older gentleman who had taken in Bullfrog players in the past, was a real supporter of the team, and currently had a very affordable room available.
His name was Horace George and he was, I guessed, in his eighties. I agreed to rent a small bedroom in the basement of his two story bungalow on the outskirts of Staynor. We made the agreement over the phone after I’d explained my link to the team, and a little about my background. He explained that he was originally from Chicago and had been overjoyed when he found out that Bullfrog games were again, after a three year hiatus, going to be broadcast. He knew of Howard Gold, and swore to be his biggest fan. What were the odds, he marvelled, that his favourite broadcaster was coming to his city to broadcast minor league baseball games. He thought my calling about a room was destiny. He didn’t require any payment up front, and said he was eagerly awaiting my arrival in two weeks. I could trust him not to rent the room out.
His home was neat but weathered on the outside; the paint chipping and fading a bit, but the lawn and small garden in the front showed signs of effort. I rang the doorbell, and waited several minutes before I heard movement on the other side of the door. The noise stopped for a moment and I guessed he was looking at me through the peep hole. After another moment, the door slowly opened.
“Yes,” he said softly. He was short, just north of five feet if I had to guess. His head was tilted slightly upward, his eyes looking up at me through a very large pair of glasses—dark bold frames with gigantic lenses.
“Hi, Horace?”
“Yes, I’m Horace. Horace George.”
“It’s me . . . Jimmy.”
“Jimmy?”
“Yes, from the Bullfrogs. I’m here for the room.”
He paused. “You’re Chinese.”
I looked at him, my eyes widening slightly, my mouth hanging open a tiny bit. My mind raced, and I looked for any trace of humour or good nature in his expression.
“Yes,” I said, and gulped, and then smiled, “I am Chinese.”
“You’re a Chinaman.”
I paused again. The smile becoming harder to maintain. “I suppose I am a Chinaman. I mean, I’m a Chinese man; a man whose parents were born in China.”
“Hmmm,” he said nodding.
“Is there a problem?”
“No, just surprised. You didn’t sound like a Chinaman on the phone.”
“Well, I don’t have an accent of any kind. I thought my name might’ve been a clue.”
“‘Jimmy’ isn’t Chinese.”
“No, my last name; Ma.”
“You never mentioned your last name.”
I thought for a moment and then said “I suppose you’re right.”
“I’m sorry, I must sound like a turkey. Come on in.”
He did sound like a turkey, and I wasn’t sure I wanted to enter his home, but against my better judgement I decided to press on. “So there’s no problem then.”
“Of course not. I’m not a racist. I just had a picture of you in my head.”
“Sorry to disappoint,” I said, unable to suppress any further, at least a small dose of cynicism.   
He stopped and looked up at me through the large glasses. “Now you’re just being a baby. Come on in,” he said.
In I went. Horace showed me the room; it was smaller than I had imagined, but the basement seemed dry and there was a washroom beside the bedroom with a small stand-up shower. It seemed fine.
I unpacked and then Horace called me upstairs for tea which seemed promising given our earlier exchange. I went upstairs and seated myself at his kitchen table. He said nothing as he finished making the tea, so I discreetly glanced around, trying to learn something about the man. On my way to the kitchen I’d noticed what seemed like a fairly recent picture of Horace and a woman of roughly the same age who I assumed was his wife. I hadn’t seen her and Horace hadn’t mentioned her, so I assumed that she may have passed away recently. Glancing around, I immediately picked up on the lingering evidence that a woman either lived in the house or had lived in it recently; a small pair of slippers rested just under the table, a large pair of woman’s sunglasses were folded and placed neatly on the windowsill above the sink, and a small plastic container of female multi-vitamins was visible on the top of the refrigerator. To break the awkwardness, I contemplated asking him if he had any kids, but then thought better of it, not wanting to draw attention to what might have been a lonely existence. He sat across from me. Five or six awkward seconds of silence passed.
“Your house is very tidy. It’s a very nice home,” I said.
He smiled but didn’t look up. He was focused on the tea cup in front of him.
“Thank you for letting me stay here.”
Another smile, but still he didn’t look up.
“Are you sure everything is alright.”
He looked up. “How is your tea?”
“It’s great. It’s wonderful,” 
“Be honest with me Jimmy.”
“I am. It’s great tea. There’s a little citrus in there I think.”
He looked down again. “You’ve had better, I’m sure.”
All tea tasted the same to me, but the conversation was already uncomfortable. “I don’t think I have had better.”
He looked up quickly. A suspicious glare in his eyes. “You must have.”
“Why?”
“Jimmy you’re a Chinaman.”
I looked hard at him for a moment. “Yep, we covered that.”
“But you know the saying ‘all the tea in China’”.
I smiled, and waited for him to smile back. His smile never came. He had a wondering, quizzical look on his face that told me his reasoning made perfect sense to him. My smile awkwardly drained from my face.
“I suppose there is quite a bit of tea in China, but that doesn’t mean that I’ve consumed a lot of tea.”
“I’m sorry, you must think I’m a turkey.”
“No problem. This is very good tea. Smooth,” I lied.
“Is it?” he asked, a tiny smile finally tugging at the corners of his mouth.
“It is.”
We sat like this for the better part of twenty minutes. The conversation wasn’t easy, and there were several stretches of silence that lasted for what seemed like an eternity. He finally asked me about the job, and the team. I was eager to talk to someone about my pending adventure, so I jumped right in.
“I’m looking forward to getting started.”
“First game is tomorrow, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, I’m a little nervous, but I’m looking forward to it.”
He was making solid eye contact now. “I’m surprised that you didn’t arrive in town before today. Are you going to the stadium today . . . to practice or whatever?”
“No, I’d originally planned on it, but they called me and told me just to show up for the first game, and that we’d go from there. I’m a bit surprised they didn’t want me to show up a few days earlier, like you said.”
“Hmmm. That is a bit odd. Do you know what you’re doing? Have you ever done play by play before?”
“I’ve listened to quite a bit of baseball on the radio. A ton actually.”
“But you’ve never done it yourself?”
I paused for a second. “No.”
“So do you know what you’re doing?”
“Not really.”
He smiled at me, as if to give me a little credit for being honest, and then added kindly “You’ll do fine.”
“Thanks Horace.”
He stood, and started to reach for my tea cup and saucer, his hand shaking as he did. I rose.
“Let me clear these Horace, it’s the least I can do. These cups are very nice.”
“My best china,” he said. He looked down, and then slowly raised his head. His hair was white, cropped close, thinning a bit at the front. He had dark eyes that were noticeable if only because they were pronounced against his pale skin. They were pointed at me through the large glasses. “No offence,” he added, a mischievous smile more evident than he may have wanted.
It took me a second before I clued in to the joke he’d made. “Ha. None taken.”

The next day I woke up just after six, showered, dressed in a comfortable pair of tan chinos and a green golf shirt, and made my way upstairs. I was startled as I came up the stairs and stood at the entrance to the kitchen; Horace was busy cooking eggs, bacon and pancakes, and was wearing a bright red apron that had “CHEF” written across the front in white lettering—it was the apron that startled me.
“Jimmy the chinaman. Good morning.”
“Morning,” I said, a little surprised that the whole “chinaman” thing was still . . . well, a thing.
“Game starts at two doesn’t it Jimmy?”
“Yeah,” I said and turned my attention towards the stove. “Something smells good.”
“What time are you leaving at?”
“Thought I’d leave around half past eleven. Thought I’d take a cab. Shouldn’t take more than five minutes by cab right?”
“Yeah,” he said and paused a moment, and then turned towards me. “I’d drive you, but they took my license,” he said, his voice petering out into a whisper.
“Sorry to hear that,” I said and wondered why he’d had his licence taken away. For a split second, I contemplated that he’d been in an accident of some sort, and then looked up at him and saw the large glasses, and his stooped posture, and the licence thing made sense. “I’ll be fine. Gives me about two and a half hours to figure out what I’m doing.”
Horace brought a plate full of fried breakfast food and a cup of coffee over and set it in front of me, and then sat across from me with a single piece of dry toast and a very small glass of orange juice. I was a bit embarrassed, and I thanked him several times, before digging in. We ate; me heartily, him like a bird, and made small talk, none of it very substantial or deep. I wanted to ask him about his wife but thought better of it and stayed within the confines of baseball and broadcasting. He really had a deep respect for Howard Gold, and seemed to enjoy talking about him.
“You haven’t even met Howard yet have you?” Horace said, his wide open eyes magnified behind his glasses.
“Not yet. I’ll probably meet him a couple of hours before we go on the air. Seems crazy,” I said just before shoveling a fork full of fried egg into my mouth.
“He’s great. He’s old school like me.”
I looked up from my plate and smiled, still chewing. “Oh yeah, you’re an old school type of guy are you Horace.”
“Yeah, especially when it comes to sports.”
“Did you play baseball at all?”
“Yeah, when I was young.”
“Who’d you play for?” 
“Well, I didn’t really play for one team. We just played at the playground back when we were young; in Chicago.”
“Right.”
“It wasn’t organized or anything. It was just a couple of us . . . from the neighbourhood . . . in Chicago,” he said looking down at the table.
I nodded and wished I hadn’t asked him who he played for, and then realized the obvious link to Howard Gold. “Right, you’re from Chicago; that’s how you know about Howard.”
“He did the Cub’s games back when we lived there. He was so smooth and cool and knew so much about the Cubs. We loved him.”
His use of the word “we” almost caused me to ask about his wife but I held off again. “Well I hope he has patience with me. I’m a little nervous about just meeting him let alone working with him today.”
“You’ll be fine. He’s a class act. He’ll treat you well—I know it.”
And so we continued to chat, and eat, and then I helped him clean up and returned to my room to go over some information on the team that I’d brought with me. At about eleven, I called a taxi and received good wishes from Horace and ventured out into the world of broadcasting.

To suggest my first broadcast was a bit rough, would be to understate things. The Bull Frogs play their home games at Cooper Field, named after Marshall Cooper, the first owner of the team back in the late 1950’s. The stadium is on the eastern edge of the city of Staynor, about a five minute car ride from Horace’s place. Unfortunately my cab driver, a large muscular man with what I assumed was a Russian accent, had a habit of turning his head completely around to face me as we spoke, and so, not surprisingly, he ran into the back of a small mail truck. There was yelling, and swearing, and almost a physical altercation, all of which was of no interest to me, but then the police arrived, and I was told I’d need to give a statement. This took longer than it usually does on television, and my pleas and explanations about having to get to the stadium to go on live radio seemed not to impress anyone, and so I was late to work on my first day as a broadcaster. I arrived in the middle of the first inning.
I met my landlord’s idol on live radio, and for the next two and half hours he berated me like nothing I’ve ever experienced before. Admittedly, I made mistakes. When I thought I had something interesting to say; a statistic about a player, or a general thought about what one of the managers might be thinking, I’d blurt it out and try to start a conversation; like the pros do. By the end of the game, Howard was reaching over and turning off my microphone in mid-sentence and exhaling loudly as if to underline his frustration. Immediately after the game, he let fly an expletive laced tirade in my direction, and suggested I not return the next day. After he’d left, and he left quickly, the program manager, a middle aged tough looking woman named Lucy, made me promise that I would return and ensured me that things would get better.

It was early evening when I arrived at Horace’s house. He’d given me a key to the side door, which allowed me to access my room in the basement without having to disturb him. I was shell shocked from my experience with Howard, and wanted to go directly to my room. I slowly opened the door, trying not to make any sort of noise. He was standing on the other side of the door. The giant glasses pointed right at me.
“What happened Jimmy?”
“What do you mean?”
“Jimmy.”
I let out a long sigh. “I told you that I hadn’t done any broadcasting before.”
He looked down at his toes, and then back up at me. “What was Howard like?”
“Howard Gold?”
“Well yes, obviously Jimmy.”
“Well, you heard the broadcast.”
“What’s he look like? Is he tall? I’ve always thought he’d sort of look like John Wayne”
“You’ve never seen a picture of him? Never seen a picture of him on the internet?”
“I’ve never been on the internet.”
“Well, he’s tall, broad shoulders, his hair is white. He has a pretty good tan.”
“Does he have a moustache?’
“I don’t think he had one today.”
“Is he a cool cat? He’s pretty smooth I’m guessing.”
“Well, I’m not sure I’m the best person to ask that question. You know, based on today.”
“He seems like such a gentleman.”
“Really. Did you listen to the broadcast?”
“You’re upset. You think he made fun of you.”
“We had a pretty intense talk after the game.”
“Did he have a firm handshake? I’m guessing he did.”
The whole conversation was starting to irritate me. I’d been berated mercilessly by Howard Gold, and now a short man whose face was eighty percent lens, was fawning over the idiot and I had no escape; I had to sleep in the guy’s house. “I’m going to bed. Good night.”
I turned and walked down the stairs to my room. He didn’t say anything, and when I finally turned and looked back at him, he seemed lost in his thoughts, a small smile on his face.

The second game was a night game, and didn’t go much better than the first one. I said a few things early in the game, and got little or no reaction from Howard, and so said nothing during the middle innings, which caused more humiliation. “We got you down here from Seattle Jimmy, you might as well try and add some value.” This was actually said on the air by Howard. Again, he fired some expletive laced bullets at me after the game, and again Lucy promised that things would get better.

Walking from the stadium back to Horace’s house that night, I did actually think about not showing up again. Thought about going back to Seattle, and pretending the whole Staynor experience hadn’t happened. Thought about putting an immediate end to the stress, and the hassle, and the embarrassment which was becoming my broadcasting career. Instead I went to a burger joint in downtown Staynor that I had passed by several times on my way to and from the stadium, and ate a decadent amount of fried food. It was stress driven eating, to be certain.
By the time I got to Horace’s, I was spent mentally, emotionally, and obviously physically, given my recent indulgence. I again tried to sneak in the side door, and again the large glasses were staring up at me as I opened it.
He said nothing as I removed my shoes.
“Hello Horace.”
“Hello.”
I placed my shoes neatly on the mud mat, and glanced at him. He smiled approval.
“I’ve made us some tea. Come up to the kitchen.”
“Oh, I couldn’t eat or drink anything else. I grabbed something to eat in town. Thanks though Horace.”
“Well, at least come and sit with me while I have a cup of tea.”
“Sure,” I said, my body craving a comfortable bed and the stress free domain of a deep sleep.
We sat. Horace sipped his tea and made small talk about the weather in Staynor and the likelihood of the summer being as humid as the last two. I began to sweat profusely, which probably had a biological link to the fried food. He finally brought up the game and broadcast.
“So, the game was an interesting one.”
“Yeah, a close one. Good ball game.”
“You didn’t say much today.”
“Not really up to me.”
“Well, what do you mean by that?”
I was really sweating now, and really didn’t want to talk about the game. “They decided to just let Howard do most of it today,” I said with little energy.
“Who decided?”
“Howard, I Guess.”
He took a sip of his tea, and glanced up at me, and then looked back down at his cup. He said nothing for a moment. 
“It is what it is,” I said finally, just trying to break the silence.
“Well, you know a lot about baseball Jimmy. At least I assume you do. They wouldn’t have given you the job if you didn’t, so you should just say something that is relevant to the game.”
“I don’t think Howard wants me to be doing this with him. He makes me nervous. It’s just tough.”
“I’m sure he wants you there. I’m sure he’s just trying to bring you along slowly.”
“Maybe you’re right.”
“I think I’ll make us dinner tomorrow night. Will you eat dinner with me after the game if I make something?”
“It’ll be pretty late.”
“Just have something small before the game and you’ll be fine. I’ll do the same.”
“Alright, sure,” I said, just wanting the conversation to end so I could go to bed.
“Great.”
I got up to go down to my room.

When I awoke on Saturday morning, I felt horrible. I felt physically ill, sort of like I’d eaten a load of fried stuff the previous night. But my mood brightened, and my energy level returned once I looked outside. It was raining. Rain delays. My chance to shine. I dressed, and jogged to the stadium.
There was indeed a rain delay; in the top of the third inning. I hadn’t said much to that point, but after a local news update our feed was live again and we had time to kill.
“Jimmy, anything interesting today that you can share with our listeners,” Howard said, his indifference not hidden.
“Actually Howard, when I was first approached about this job, one of the first things that sprung to my mind was that one of the biggest challenges would probably be rain delays. With that in mind, I did put together a couple of pages of baseball jokes that I . . .”
He turned my microphone off. I sat in silence for the rest of the game until we went off the air, at which time I sat and endured a foul mouthed, bigoted attack on my ancestry. I was more than a little shaken up, and even Lucy didn’t bother throwing any hope my way. I was breathing hard, and having trouble getting it under control, and actually started to think about my legal rights, but then the disappointment of it all just overtook me, and I got up and left. 

It had stopped raining and so I decided to forgo a bus or cab and walk back to Horace’s place. It was a beautiful evening, warm and subdued, the rain forgotten by all. The main strip in Staynor was a postcard for any small town on a Saturday evening; there were families out for a stroll, couples grabbing an ice cream cone, and shop owners closing up while lingering and dealing with the last sales of the day. The game, and the horror of my interaction with Howard faded to the back of my mind as the warm air and small town good vibe soothed me. Half way through the middle of town, I remembered that Horace was making dinner for me, and scrambled to find a shop that might have cakes or pies that I could bring to him as a small thank you. After begging a middle aged woman, who may have been Russian or Eastern European anyway, to let me give her cash for a small chocolate cheese cake, despite the fact that she had closed her register, I picked up my pace and walked quickly to Horace’s. 
He was sitting out on the small veranda in front of his house wearing a white hat with a huge brim, a white sweater, shorts, socks, and running shoes. He looked like he was ready for a game of tennis. As I got closer, I realized that he was freshly shaved. I guessed that he had spent the better part of an hour getting ready to simply sit on his veranda. He probably didn’t get out much and was probably holding on to the memory of big Saturday nights out with his wife. I felt a little sad, seeing him sitting there in his whites by himself.
“You look like a million bucks,” I said from the sidewalk.
He smiled, and I smiled back.
“Dinner’s ready.”
“Sorry I’m so late, there were about a million rain delays during the game,” I said and approached him.
“I know Jimmy, I was listening.”
I followed him in the front door, down the front hallway and into the kitchen. On the floor, beside the refrigerator, was a huge bag of rice the size of a four year old child. I sat as he made his way to the stove, and quickly averted my gaze from the rice as he turned and spoke.
“It’ll just be a minute. Pour yourself a glass of wine Jimmy.”
There were two glasses on the table, and a bottle of Merlot. It had a twist off cap, and I poured two glasses. As I sat, and sipped the wine, I envisioned him carrying the bag of rice in his shopping cart which I’d seen by the side door, and marvelled at his effort. My cynical mind wondered if we’d be watching Bruce Lee movies during dinner, but I pushed that thought out of my head amid a little guilt, and marvelled again at his effort.
He approached the table and put two plates amongst the place settings. Beef and broccoli poured over beds of white rice. I was starving. It smelt odd.
“Smells great. Oh, here, I got a cheese cake.”
He took the cake and put it in the refrigerator, and thanked me. He sat.
“Here’s to the Bullfrogs,” he said and raised his wine glass. I clinked it, and continued to analyze the smell coming off the plates.
“I must admit that I’m very hungry.”
“I hope you like it. I call it Horace’s Broccoli and Beef,” he said with no hint that he was joking.
“Really, that’s interesting.”
“It’s just a name that I made up. I usually have it with spaghetti noodles, but I thought that you might like it with rice.”
I contemplated letting him know that I didn’t eat rice at every meal but decided to leave it. “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
I tasted it. The rice was gummy and I guessed that the oil that had come off the beef had been left in the mixture. I almost couldn’t swallow it.
“How is it?” he said, eyes wide and magnified.
“It’s wonderful.”
“Is it really?” he said and smiled.
“It is.”
He took a taste and savoured it. I wondered how he managed this.
“I’ve still got it, I guess. I haven’t made Horace’s Broccoli and Beef in a while. Clair used to love it. She came up with the name.”
I saw it. The very slight change to his face, as a bolt of pain kidnapped his expression when he mentioned Clair who I assumed was his wife.
“She’s passed away I’m assuming,” I said cautiously.
He said nothing and kept eating. He kept his head down between bites, and after a moment he took the large glasses off and wiped his eyes. The glasses went back on and he continued eating. Nothing more was said while we ate our Horace’s Broccoli and Beef.
Finally, I got up and found two plates and put two substantial pieces of the cheese cake on them. I put one in front of Horace and sat down with the other one.
“Thank you,” he said, with a forced smile.
“The woman who sold me this cake, said it’s pretty good.”
“Did Howard say anything to you today?”
“I tried to read some baseball jokes during the first rain delay, and . . .”
“Yes, I remember now.”
“Didn’t go so well,” I said, and thought of the racial garbage that the vile man had shovelled at me after the game.
He was smiling now, and I sensed it wasn’t at my expense but rather just at the sheer joy of talking about Howard Gold.
“You really like Howard don’t you Horace?”
“Yeah, he’s a bit of a hero of mine I guess,” he said, happy now.
I nodded, and started in on my cake. I wanted to tell him that Howard Gold was a racist thug, and not worthy of his respect, but I held off.
“Why is he a hero to you Horace? What is it about him that you like?”
“He just makes the listener feel like he’s part of the gang, like we’re part of a club, like we’re special.”
“I see,” I said and continued eating my cake.
“Just a good guy, that’s all.”
“Sometimes people can be quite different in person than they’re perceived to be on the radio or television,” 
We ate our cake and chatted a little more; I tried to find out a little more about him and what he had spent his life doing, but he kept bringing the conversation back to Howard. I was a little frustrated or maybe resentful, as I still had the fresh scars from the humiliation that I had experienced at the mercy of the great man. I helped Horace clean up and then started down the stairs.
“Jimmy,” he said.
I turned. “Good night Horace.”
“We listened to him together.”
I paused and stared at him a moment. The gigantic glasses made him look like an owl. He was smiling though, clearly back with Claire listening to a Cub game on the radio, and hanging on every word delivered by Howard Gold.
“You were right; he does make you feel like you’re one of the gang. He’s treated me like a king. He’s a great man Horace,” I said smiling.
The Man Who Feared Irony
Dr. Howard Lemming rarely saw his patients on very short notice. As a psychological therapist, his emergencies, while important, were not urgent. Today, he had made an exception to this rule for only the fifth time in fifteen years. Noltan Blaire had been a patient for six years, and during that time had been treated for an assortment of issues, most of which were rooted in some form of paranoia. Today, there was something new bothering Noltan, and he had refused to offer any clues on the phone; he needed to see the doctor immediately. Noltan burst through the door to the doctor’s office.
“Thank God you’re here,” Noltan spat. “We need to talk.”
“Yes,” the doctor said and paused. “Apparently.” 
The doctor’s assistant looked helplessly through the open door. The doctor waved her away and she closed the door.
“Have a seat Noltan. Let’s talk.”
They both sat, in two comfortable leather chairs which faced each other in the centre of the room.
“Doctor, I’m not sure how to explain this,” Noltan said, shifting uncomfortably in his chair.
“Just tell me what’s on your mind.”
“I have a fear that is rendering me incapable of doing anything; a fear that affects me like nothing else ever has.” As always, Noltan was gesturing wildly with his hands, over dramatizing every word he spoke.
“What’s at the root of the fear?”
“Well, as best I can tell, it’s . . .”
“Noltan?”
“It’s not really a normal fear. I’m guessing that you haven’t heard this one before, but I’m really at wits end.”
“Noltan, what are you afraid of?”
“As best I can tell, it’s . . .”
“Noltan.” 
“Well, as best I can tell, it’s . . . irony.”
The doctor didn’t say anything and kept looking directly into Noltan’s eyes.
“Have you ever heard of that Doctor?”
“I’m not sure I know what you mean exactly. Help me understand this fear a little better Noltan,” the doctor said, his tone, demeanor, and look unchanged since the conversation began.
“Alright, well, I fear irony,” Noltan said, unsure of how to explain his plight.
“Can you give me an example?”
“Ummmm, well, if something good happens, I fear that I’m doomed.”
“Give me an actual example.”
“Last week I went to the doctor and got some results back from a colonoscopy exam. You know, one of those intrusive little things we have to have done once we hit forty.”
“Yes, I’m familiar with the exam.”
“Well, the test was clean. Nothin’ to worry about, right.”
The doctor nodded.
“Wrong. You see, the way my mind works. I stayed up all night worrying that it’d be ironic if a tumor started to form in my body, the instant after I had been tested.”
“What?” The doctor’s brow was slightly furrowed, the first suggestion that he indeed, wasn’t familiar with this particular psychological ailment.
“I seem to worry that I’m going to be a victim of irony.”
“Can you give me another example?”
“I won a free dinner in a raffle at work, and worried for the next two weeks that something terrible was going to happen. I was sure my house was going to burn down or something. In fact, I began to visualize the conversations that would take place between my co-workers, ‘boy it sure was ironic what happened to Noltan.’”
“I see.” He didn’t.
“Whenever anything remotely good happens to me, I instantly began to worry that irony is going to rear its monstrous head.”
“Monstrous head?”
“Yeah, probably a tad over dramatic.”
“Maybe just a tad.”
“Another example. I was golfing two weeks ago, and had about a sixty yard wedge shot into the fourth green. I miss hit the shot. The ball never got more than a foot off the ground; it went like a rocket, hit the pin with full force and dropped into the hole.”
“You got lucky.”
“Yeah well, there was a slight drizzle all day and I spent the next fourteen holes convinced I was going to be struck by lightning.”
“I see. That wouldn’t have been very lucky.”
“No, but it would have been ironic,” Noltan said, shifting in his chair again, uncomfortable with the memory.
“I suppose so,” the doctor said and crossed his legs, bringing his right index finger up to his lips in a thoughtful pose.
“What do you think Doctor?”
The doctor sat silent for a moment, looking down at the plush white rug beneath his feet, and tried to organize his thoughts. “Noltan, I think that you might overanalyze things a bit. There’s nothing wrong with having fears. Even fears that you may not think are normal, or fears that you think the vast majority of people don’t have. I myself have fears like this. It’s just a matter of trying to put things into context. Irony is just a word. It’s a word that is used to describe something. Irony doesn’t cause anything. Ironic events are no more likely to happen than events that aren’t ironic—it’s irrational to think otherwise.”
“What are some of your fears Doctor?”
“Well, I don’t want to get into them now Noltan; we’re here to talk about you. But let’s just say that I have a couple of small things which cause me problems.”
This brought a smile to Noltan’s face. “It’s reassuring to know that actually. I don’t feel so abnormal,” he said.
“It’s just a word Noltan, Irony I mean. I think you might just be looking for something to fear. Do you remember last year when you had that fear of the national anthem, and we talked about it and you ended up laughing about it later?”
“Yeah, that was pretty irrational,” Noltan said, and forced a smile, a little embarrassed.
“I’ll say.”
“I suppose your right Doctor. I feel like a fool. I shouldn’t have bothered you.”
“No, that’s alright. I’m glad you came. Think about what I said, and come back and see me in a couple of weeks.
Noltan got up, shook the doctor’s hand and headed towards the door. The doctor followed him, and said good night to his assistant. They headed out towards the elevators. Before either of them could push the down button, the elevator doors opened. They both started into the elevator, when Noltan grabbed the Doctor by the shirt and pulled him back.
“Nolton?”
“Doctor, we didn’t push the elevator button.”
“So what, someone probably pushed the eleventh floor button by accident or something.”
Noltan ran his hand through his hair; his face was contorted in a mixture of fear and anxiety. “Doctor, I’m having trouble with this. If this elevator were to plunge to the earth killing us both, it would be ironic on so many levels.”
The Doctor looked perplexed. “Explain.”
“It’d be ironic that we didn’t push the button, and then we died because we got in. It’d be ironic that I died as a victim of irony on the very day that I came to see you about this. It’d be ironic that you died, shortly after I came to see you about this problem.”
 “Noltan, I’m not sure all of those things are actually irony, given the strictest definition of the word, but that’s beside the point.”
The elevator door began to close, but the Doctor calmly stopped it with his hand. “Your fear is rooted in the fact that you think that events which in hindsight can be deemed to be ironic are more likely to happen than events which wouldn’t be deemed to be ironic. This fear or this tendency to give more weight to ironic events is likely due to the fact that you watch an abundance of television, or go to the movies quite frequently.”
Nolton nodded.
“Now, I remember you telling me that you and your wife love to go to the cinema, or watch good movies on television or read good fiction. Well, things that are ironic get over exposed in the movies and in television.”
Noltan rubbed his chin, and contemplated what the Doctor had just said. “So, what you’re saying is that there really is no more likely probability that an event, that happens to be ironic, will happen than there is of that event happening in the absence of irony.”
“Right.”
Nolton took a deep breath and seemed to feel better. “But it could happen right. The ironic event, I mean.”
“Of course it could,” the Doctor said, his facial expression giving evidence of a slight discomfort.
“And if it did, it would really be more of a coincidence than irony.”
“Well no, this is getting confusing,” the Doctor said, and took a handkerchief out of his breast pocket and wiped his forehead. “It would still be ironic, but the fact that the ironic event happened would be a coincidence.”
Noltan took a deep breath and contemplated what the doctor had just said. After a moment, he smiled. “Ok, let’s try this,” he said and started to enter the elevator.
The Doctor put out his hand and stopped him. He had a nervous smile on his face. “Well, let’s think this over a bit. I have a little problem with coincidence.”
Absence Makes the Heart
When I see a homeless person during the holidays, or someone who seems a little more vulnerable than the rest of us, a sadness sweeps through me—it’s always been this way. I’m not ashamed of it, and I don’t think it’s a weakness as some do. Having compassion for people or worrying about the plight of the lonely or disadvantaged is something that can engulf you and render you emotionally numb if you let it. But it’s a real human emotion, an honest human emotion.
Inevitably, I take the subway downtown at least once during the holidays, and inevitably I’ll see someone who looks like the holidays are a burden to them—a painful reminder that they’re alone. And then, I’ll think of her.
Agnes Armstrong called our house in the middle of December, and stole my heart after only a few moments of conversation. She must have been close to eighty years old, and spoke in perpetual detours, but I fell in love with her almost immediately.
“Mr. Sheldon?” The voice was soft, barely audible.
“Yes.”
“My name is Agnes Armstrong, and I’m calling about your pamphlets; the ones all over the street.”
For a brief second I thought I had littered inadvertently somewhere in our neighbourhood, and was being called out by a militant community watch program, but the thought passed, and then seemed ridiculous. “Oh, regarding our painting company.” My wife and I run a small painting company and had dispersed flyers in various neighborhoods over the months. The company phone number was a different line than the one Deloris had just called.
“I should be honest with you; I called the other number—the one on the pamphlet,” she said, “but I got your answering machine or your voice machine or whatever they call it these days. The message said something about being closed until January, but I thought I’d try my luck; so I looked up your home number in the phonebook.”
“That’s wonderful, but how did you manage to look us up?”
“Well, I mean, Sheldon Painting. I assumed your name was Sheldon,” she said this while giggling an infectious little rolling giggle. 
“But how did you know our address?”
The giggling stopped and she was silent for a moment, seemingly puzzled by the question. “I didn’t know your address Mr. Sheldon,” she said, and then paused before continuing, “I just started calling people named Sheldon from the phonebook. Do you know what number you are?”
“Uhhh, I don’t remember”
“Well take a guess Mr. Sheldon. Be a sport.”
“How about four.”
“My goodness,’ she said and starting giggling again, “your number sixteen Mr. Sheldon.”
“Wow, I wasn’t even close,” I said, smiling now, caught up by the giggling. 
“That’s alright, most of them weren’t home. I only ended up talking to four or five of them so in a way you were close.”
“I feel better.”
“I’m sorry for laughing at you Mr. Sheldon. That wasn’t very kind of me.”
“No worries,” I said and laughed a little myself.
“Anyway, well, you see I really was hoping to get my living room painted. Thirty six years ago my husband and I painted our living room a very light green colour, a sort of minty colour, and it’s been fine but two days ago I woke up, came down stairs and thought; I despise it, I absolutely despise it. It’s odd but ever since I made the decision to get rid of the green, I just can’t bring myself to look at it. I actually felt sick to my stomach yesterday afternoon and I think it’s because I’m having some sort of chemical reaction to seeing these green walls.”
“Well, we can’t have that,” I said, unsure of whether I was being put on.
“Oh that’s tremendous Mr. Sheldon. You’re a real sport,” she said loudly with more enthusiasm and joy than I had ever mustered for anything in my life to that point.
I sensed her pause and jumped in, “Let me get your name and address. Alright, I’ve got a pen, shoot.”
“Oh, I hate that expression Mr. Sheldon. With the way the world is today, to speak that way just sends the wrong message to kids. I just hate it; I mean you just told me to shoot you Mr. Sheldon.”
“Sorry.”
“How that become an acceptable expression is just mind boggling.” She paused. “I’m sorry Mr. Sheldon, here you’ve been good enough to do me a favor and I’m trying to be motherly.”
“That’s alright. You’re right. I’m glad you straightened me out. You can be motherly anytime you want.”
“I’ll try and keep it to a minimum,” she said and the rolling giggles started again.
“Now, it’s Miss Armstrong correct? And your street and house number is . . .”
There was a pause and for a moment I thought we’d been disconnected. “It’s ‘Mrs.’ actually,” she said quietly.
“Oh, alright. And the address is . . . ?”
“Fifty Blackstone Lane,” she said, softly again. She seemed a bit distant now.
“Now, let me take a look at my calendar; we obviously need to get rid of those green walls fairly quickly. Today is Monday and . . . Tuesday and Wednesday are no good. How about Thursday of this week?”
Agnes was agreeable with Thursday, so we set a time and price, and she quoted me a reference number for a very fine mocha tint she had chosen at a local paint store. We bantered back and forth a bit more about everything from the recent solar eclipse to broccoli, and then I bid her a good evening.
After I hung up, I thought about her correcting me when I referred to her as “Miss Armstrong”. Her energy and spirit were radiant, but she had sounded different, almost defeated when she had corrected me. Something had taken the steam out of her for a moment. My first thought was that her husband had passed away recently, and correcting her name had tweaked a little sadness in her. I felt a twinge of sadness myself.
 
We showed up three days later on a coldish, drearily overcast morning. The house was a cute little bungalow in a mature neighborhood not far from our place. It was smaller than all of the other houses on the street, but seemed well maintained. There wasn’t a doorbell, and a large wreath and a small window on the door made finding a place to knock difficult, so I let fly an underhanded rat-a-tat-tat.
A moment later, Agnes’ familiar voice whispered, “Hello, who is it?”
“It’s Andrew and Linda . . . the painters,” I said loudly.
There was a moment of silence which, I guessed, coincided with Agnes looking at us through the peep hole in the door. Next, all the appropriate noises as deadlocks and knobs were turned. Finally, the door opened ever so slowly.
“Good morning,” she said, a happy smile from ear to ear.
She was tiny, with short silky white hair and wore a very small pair of glasses that could have been made for a doll. Her cheeks were rosy, and her pearl earrings matched the strand around her neck. I guessed that she had made the effort for us, and I was touched. The smile was glowing and didn’t leave her face.  Agnes was clearly very happy to see us.
We made all the appropriate small talk, both Linda and I making a concerted effort to not sound jaded or cliché in our conversation with her. She was a sweet woman and her happiness made us happy. We set up our painting stuff, and were getting down to business when she emerged from the kitchen, hidden behind a giant tray of coffee and baked goods which, judging by the glorious smell, weren’t store-bought. 
“I don’t want to be a bother, but I put this together for you; please help yourself. There’s cream and sugar—sorry it’s real sugar, that’s all I have. I hope that’ll do. You know they make too much out of eating sugar these days; I mean, I’m a diabetic, but I’ll just sneak some every now and again and I’m fine”
“Oh my goodness, this is fabulous. Thank you very much Miss Armstrong.” Linda blurted, clearly as embarrassed as I.
A confused look of wonderment slowly spread over Agnes’ face. She paused a moment, seeming to contemplate something. “Oh, it’s ‘Mrs.’, but please call me Agnes.”
She slowly made her way back to the kitchen and I turned to Linda. “I think her husband’s passed away. I’m not sure but I think he died recently.”
“You think he died recently.” Linda said, more than a hint of annoyance directed my way—clearly I should have mentioned this to her.
“Well, I made the same mistake with her name and it seemed to sadden her. Did you notice how she paused when she corrected you?”
“Not really. Sure you’re not imagining it?”
“No, pretty sure.”
“There’s a pair of men’s shoes at the front door. What do you think Andrew . . . maybe Agnes, despite the fact that she seems to be a tasteful woman, occasionally likes to take a jaunt around the neighborhood in men’s shoes.”
“Maybe she just leaves them there for the memory. And, if those are her husband’s shoes, where is he?”
“Out.”
“Bu . . .”
Linda interrupted. “Most men have more than one pair of shoes; those standing in this room being the exception.”
At that moment, Agnes emerged from the kitchen and Linda began a frantic, rushed routine of saying things like “we’re about to get started” or “let’s pour the paint.” All of this was aimed at steering me clear of asking Agnes point blank whether she was married. This, I wouldn’t have done; however Agnes rendered this fact irrelevant.
“You know it’s funny, but as soon as I told Frank about how I just needed to get these walls painted, he agreed that the light green was starting to irritate him as well. Can you believe that? Over thirty years with one colour and we both decide we hate it at the same time. Unbelievable.” 
“So Frank is your husband?” I asked, Linda’s glare suggesting the question was indeed stupid.
“Yes, he is,” she said without hesitation.
“Perhaps, he’d like to come and check out the new colour before we start.” 
“Oh, he’s out right now, but he trusts me with the colours.”
I grabbed a screw driver, reached down and opened a can of creamy mocha paint, uttering my most spoken words, “It’ll dry darker than it looks.”
She smiled, nodded her approval, turned, and slowly made her way back to the kitchen. 
“Are you happy now?” Linda asked with much more than a hint of annoyance.
“She still had a strange look on her face when I asked her about her husband.”
“Yeah, probably because she thinks your casing the joint for a heist. I mean who wouldn’t be concerned if a total stranger asked an eighty year old if her husband was around. I mean that was a dumb question.”
“I asked if he wanted to come and see the paint,” I said with little conviction.
We were there for most of the day and there was no sign of Frank. I didn’t mention it again but that night as I lay in bed trying to sleep, I wondered and worried about my own plight. Would I live to be Agnes’ age? Would Linda and I both live into old age? Linda sensed that I couldn’t sleep, and asked me what was wrong. I told her that I didn’t think Agnes’ husband Frank was alive. I told her I still thought he had died and that our conversation that day had just been a lonely, frightened, sweet woman trying to fool herself into believing that he was still alive. Linda said nothing and eventually we both drifted off.

The next day we started early, and Agnes still took the time to look through the peep hole. She was made up again, delivered more baked goods on cue, and then disappeared somewhere in the house for most of the morning.
“Do you think she has any kids?” I asked as I rolled paint on the wall.
“She doesn’t have any kids. I already asked,” Linda answered.
“Really, no kids.” I had a pained horrified look on my face that made Linda laugh.
“Andrew, she’s married; don’t worry about this woman, she’s fine. I’m starting to wonder about you.”
“Where is he?”
“Agnes said he’s out again.”
“Where?”
“She didn’t say and I didn’t ask.”
“You know we should have showed up at like five thirty—he would have been here then.” I looked at Linda and we both laughed; the true absurdity of my thought process dawning on us. I got back to work and didn’t think about Agnes.
We made good progress, and as we stopped to eat lunch, I guessed we would be done by the end of that afternoon. Agnes appeared, a coy look on her face. “Andy, may I ask you to do me a favour?”
“Yes of course,” I said gently, amused at being called “Andy.”
“I’ve got some picture frames upstairs that I’d like to hang in this room when you’re finished painting it.”
“Wonderful,” I said.
“Can you help me carry them down?” Agnes asked, a trace of embarrassment on her face.
“I’ll do better than that. I’ll carry them all by myself. Where are they?”
“Follow me.”
I followed her upstairs. At the top of the stairs there were five very long wrapped objects which I assumed were frames. I quickly glanced up to take stock of the upstairs, hoping maybe to catch a glimpse of something that proved Frank’s existence. No such luck.
“These are the frames—they’re heavy. Are you sure I can’t help?”
“I’ll be fine.” I ran the frames downstairs one at a time and placed them on the floor in the room we were painting. Linda was eating a sandwich. I joined her, giving the frames a quick glance. They were covered in tissue paper, neatly scotch taped at either end—I couldn’t see the pictures underneath.
About half an hour later, Agnes appeared again, a warm winter coat covering her; her hair wrapped in a mauve scarf. “I’m afraid I’m going to have to leave for a couple of hours. I’ve got some errands to run. Would you like anything before I go?”
“No, we’re fine.” Linda answered. “We’re probably going to be finished before you get back. Shall we lock the door?”
“Yes please, here’s a key. Just leave it under the mat at the front”, she said and handed Linda a key and an envelope. “This is what I owe you.”
“Oh, thank you very much,” Linda said. “We can come back and collect it some other time Agnes. Perhaps you should make sure you’re happy with the job.”
“Don’t be silly, you’ve done a magnificent job. Please take the money.”
I had been hoping to return in a couple of days for the money. It’d give me a chance to meet Mr. Armstrong; it’d give me a chance to ease my mind. “Should we hang these pictures for you?” I asked, my wife’s glare burning through my skin.
“No that’s fine, thank you. Frank will hang those.”
Agnes left and my wife openly questioned my sanity. “Andrew, for the love of God, get it together—Frank will hang the pictures.”
“Linda, haven’t you ever just worried about someone, seen someone in a mall or on the street, and thought they were particularly vulnerable, and just plain worried about them. This woman is sweet; I think she’s vulnerable. When she first called, I spoke with her for ten minutes; she’s has a certain innocence about her that’s precious. I have this vision of her going to bed alone at night, hanging on to the memory of her husband, her partner of so many years who’s passed away. It’s just this feeling in the pit of my stomach. I think she’s just set up a defense mechanism to deal with the unbearable pain of the loneliness. I don’t think Frank’s around anymore.”
“She’s fine and she’s married to probably a wonderful man and living very happily.” Linda said calmly, clearly not buying my theory.
“But we haven’t seen him.” I said, wanting Linda to prove me wrong.
“So what?”
“She’s late seventies; I don’t think Frank is working. Where is he?” I asked.
“I don’t know, maybe at the library or something,” Linda said dismissively.
“I’m going to open those pictures, and see if he’s in any of them.”
My wife looked at me, eyes wide with horror. “No. You are not!”
“Yep I am.”
She paused. “You know that you’d be breaking a law.”
“What law?”
“Invasion of privacy.”
“Not buying that.”
“Yeah, I think so.”
“Nope.” I said, and moved towards the frames.
 “I’ll divorce you if you open those,” Linda said without emotion.
I stopped for a second; just long enough to determine that she wasn’t entirely serious, and bent down and started to unwrap the frames. I took special care not to rip the tissue, so that the frames could be rewrapped. When I’d finished, I laid the three long rectangular frames on the ground end to end. It took us a moment to realize what they were; within each of the three frames were small five by seven pictures. They were Santa Clause pictures; the kind that get taken at Malls. Agnes was in each picture; a gentleman who we assumed was Frank was in all the pictures except the last three. Linda and I remained silent for a moment, and slowly contemplated the obvious.
“He died three years ago,” I said, still staring at the last three pictures.
“We don’t know that.”
“Yeah Linda, we do. He’s not in the last three year’s pictures.”
I bent over and looked closely at Frank. He was about five foot ten, slim, had white hair that was neatly trimmed, was conservatively dressed—perhaps a decade out of style, but was a wonderful looking warm man. He had the most vivid blue eyes I had ever seen. His appearance was remarkably constant throughout the pictures, and in the last one, he didn’t appear to be sick or facing imminent death. But he wasn’t young, and any assortment of things could have caused his death between his last picture four years ago and the next year’s solo effort by Agnes.
Linda was silent, and I knew that she had finally opened her mind to the idea that Frank was indeed gone, and that his existence was now nothing more than a sweet old woman trying to avoid the pain of reality. I glanced at Linda and saw a tear slide down her cheek. I hugged her and we stayed silent, entwined in each other’s arms for several minutes.
The rest of the afternoon was somber, but we finished the job, put the frames back in their wrapping, and quietly left Agnes’ home. Perhaps, enabling our own emotional defenses, neither of us mentioned Agnes for several days.

Four days after we had left Agnes’ house, she popped back into our lives. “Agnes Armstrong left a message today Linda. Apparently we left one of our brushes there.”
Linda hesitated a moment. “I see. Now you’ve never done that in eight years of painting.”
“Would you rather I tell her to throw it out, or would you rather I go and see her.”
“Go and see her.”
“I’ll go tomorrow.”
I decided not to warn Agnes that I was coming—didn’t want her to feel obliged to go to a lot of trouble. It was a bitterly cold morning when I pulled my truck onto her street. I spotted her getting on a city bus at the corner and immediately realized that calling would have been a smarter approach, but rather than turning around and going home, instinct made me follow the bus. As if she was communicating with me telepathically, an assortment of disapproving comments that Linda would surely have uttered raced through my mind. But what was the harm? I was curious to see what filled Agnes’ days; I still thought that there must be some way that we could help this woman, some way we could ease her pain. 
Following a bus is harder than one might imagine—it’s not the speed but rather the constant stopping. I clearly stood out; not passing the bus, but stopping behind it at every stop trying to see if Agnes was getting off. But who would suspect anything sinister? Who follows a bus? I played over in my mind what I would say to Agnes if she got off the bus and saw me, contemplated the idea of over emphasizing how very important the brush was to our business, but this made no sense. I settled on writing the whole thing off as coincidence. All of this contemplation ended up worthless as Agnes rode the bus all the way downtown. She got off in front of Grenadier’s department store and scurried in without looking my way. My mind flashed to the pictures in her home and I immediately understood what Agnes’ was doing downtown. Grenadier’s was where the pictures had been taken; she was here for the Santa Clause picture. Without understanding why, I found a parking lot with a spot left, parked my car, handed over an indecent amount of cash, and ran back to Grenadier’s.
Santa Clause was located on the fifth floor, and as I ascended the escalators, I felt nervous. In my youth I had gone for pictures with Santa every year, and had always gotten nervous with anticipation, but as I approached the fifth floor, I was nervous for another reason. I knew that seeing Agnes get her picture taken, refusing to let go of a tradition that she had shared with nobody but Frank would sadden me, and I wondered what I hoped to accomplish by being there. I knew I wanted to help this woman, wanted to reach out and do whatever I could to ease her pain, but how could I do it without jeopardizing her pride. I decided not to approach her in the store; Linda would help me determine a more tactful way to reach out.  
Once on the fifth floor, I pretended to be browsing the merchandise all the while following the stream of children who were clearly heading for the toy department and the merry man himself. I was maybe thirty feet away when I saw her; she was next in line. She stood alone, her brown felt coat, hat and scarf neatly covering her tiny frame. Two young twin girls, eyes wide with fright, jumped from Santa’s lap and darted into their parent’s arms. Agnes gave them a smile, and then walked forward toward Santa. I pulled my ball cap down low over my eyes and pretended to examine a toy car in front of me.
 “Well, who do we have here?” Santa bellowed.
“Agnes Armstrong—I’ve had my picture taken here for twenty five years.”
For whatever reason, hearing Agnes say this caused my eyes to well up with tears. I wiped them and scowled at the little girl standing beside me staring at me. She ran off.
“Yes, I think I remember you from last year.” Santa said, sounding as if he had uttered that very line a hundred times already that day.
I looked up and saw Agnes give a doubtful glance towards one of the two girls dressed tastefully in elf gear. I wondered what was going through her mind—was the realization that Frank wasn’t with her evident at all within her thoughts? Would this be the last picture? Would she sleep tonight? Would the picture emphasize and underline the loneliness which she now was forced to experience daily?
Agnes removed her coat, hat and scarf, and handed them to one of the elves. She was dressed tastefully in a long suede skirt and a cashmere sweater. The pearls were on her ears and around her neck. She looked great.
She nestled against Santa’s lap, a hint of embarrassment on her face, held her chin up, and stared into the camera. Santa said something which I couldn’t hear, and Agnes’ face remained expressionless. One of the elves snapped the picture, and a tiny brave smile appeared on her face for a split second. She nodded to Santa, a begrudging, half-hearted approval washing quickly over her face, and moved to gather her coat, hat and scarf.       
Santa waved to the elf who had snapped the picture. “Gina, get this beautiful young lady a nice picture would you.”
Gina smiled at Agnes who now had her scarf and coat on. Agnes shook her head and said load enough for both Santa and I to hear, but with a nervous voice, “He’s a bit of a dud isn’t he. I hope you have a better Santa next year.”
Gina gave a look of mock horror, laughed politely and escorted Agnes over to the cash counter where her picture was being printed. I realized that Agnes probably didn’t get out much, and that this interaction was likely important to her. I waited for her to finish her business at the counter, and watched her put her hat on and walk away. She purposefully headed to the escalator, another picture with Santa Clause tucked under her arm. I wondered if she’d look at the other pictures when she got home—would that cause her pain. She melded into the crowd and she was gone.

I decided to take the elevator down rather than the escalator, and forced my way in with an assortment of strollers, children and parents. Just as the door was about to close, a white gloved hand extended between the doors, and forced them open—it was Santa. He wedged himself into the elevator beside me. I said what I’m sure many of the children aboard where contemplating but were too nervous to spit out. “Hi Santa.”
He turned, smiled, and extended his hand. “Santa needs a coffee,” he said in a voice void of any over exuberance. “Have you been good?”
I smiled and shook his hand. “Mostly.”
He smiled back at me. “Good enough.”
I glanced up, and a warm feeling came over me; a feeling of happiness that I hadn’t experienced before and haven’t since. I couldn’t help but smile, and I wished Linda had been there beside me. Santa had the most vivid blue eyes I had ever seen.  
White Lies on Booker Street
Sam Bannon was an industrious young man. The lemonade stand, which he had manned that Saturday morning, had pulled in five dollars on the nose, and although his business experience was limited, he sensed that five bucks was pretty good for a seven year old. He pinched both ends of a crisp five dollar bill, and held it up in front of his face; his father had proudly given him the bill in exchange for the quarters, dimes and nickels that had accumulated in his shoe box. The easy part was over, he thought, now for the real challenge. There were tough decisions on the horizon; five big ones could buy a lot of stuff.
Sam hopped on his new green North Star bike and did figure eights in his drive way while he contemplated his most enviable dilemma. The problem as he saw it really wasn’t what he wanted, but rather what his parents would allow him to buy. He knew what five bucks could get at the variety store: twenty licorice whips, ten gum balls of assorted colours, a pack of fake tattoos and a pack of baseball cards. The total would be five bucks on the nose; he had worked it out already—to the penny. There’d be tax of some kind, but the clerk at the store would probably let it slide—a sad look might be needed, but that wouldn’t be a problem.
More figure eights and more contemplation. Sam knew his parents would likely make him put the money towards a book, or at best a toy that had some educational quality. This wasn’t acceptable to Sam. The licorice, gum, tattoos and baseball cards just seemed like such an efficient purchase—five bucks on the nose. He’d have enough gum for a week, licorice whips for maybe two weeks, the tattoos were cool and the cards, well, he could trade those for any assortment of things. Problem was, there was no way his parents would go for it. Zero chance of that happening. Of course, he could always go to the store by himself.
This idea presented a bit of a dilemma; Sam wasn’t allowed to venture off his street Apple Creek Drive. His parents were very strict about this particular rule, and he had never broken it. Ever. At the end of his street though, down past the community centre was Booker street, and about a five minute bike ride down Booker street was a variety store, that Sam happen to know was fully stocked with licorice, gum, tattoos and baseball cards.
Sam left his driveway and sped down Apple Creek Drive. Five minutes later he sped past the community centre; another five minutes and he was at Booker Street. He stopped at the corner and stared down the busy street. He could almost see the small plaza where the variety store was located. It really wasn’t that far. How mad could his parents get? He looked back up towards his house, and then took another long hard look down Booker Street towards the plaza. What to do? And then in an instant he made up his mind.
The North Star was a fast bike and Sam’s legs were a whirlwind on the pedals. He gritted his teeth, pushed his legs faster, and the green North Star shot down the sidewalk in a blaze of glory. Fifty yards down Booker Street, and an elderly lady with a shopping cart presented the first obstacle; Sam expertly took the North Star off the sidewalk onto the grass, peddled that much harder through the thick turf, and darted back onto the sidewalk, startling the old lady for an instant.
The next hundred and fifty yards was easy as pie. Sam pulled into the plaza, slowed only slightly as he made his way across the parking lot to Bill’s Variety, got off his bike, leaned it against the garbage can in front of Bill’s and wiped the sweat from his forehead. He took a deep breath, and his heart rate began to subside a bit. “This is easier than I thought,” he said to himself and entered the store.
Inside, he saw a young boy from his grade one class. “Hi Sam,” the boy said, standing beside his mother.
“Don’t bug me Kyle. I’m not here to screw around; I’ve got five bucks,” Sam said, not even looking at Kyle as he spoke. Sam was now a badass. 
He made his way over to the candy stand and stared at the bright glittery packages. He knew he should hurry, but God it felt good to actually have money to spend in a place like this. After a couple of moments, he resisted the urge to move off his original plan and grabbed the licorice whips, the gum, the tattoos and the baseball cards. He got in line behind another boy and waited. The boy was buying a chocolate bar or something, and spilled a collection of dimes and nickels onto the counter.
“The guy doesn’t even have a bill,” Sam said under his breath, forgetting that the five in his pocket was his first bill.
The kid finally finished and Sam stood up to the counter. A large man who Sam assumed was Bill, scanned his items; Sam kept an eye on the register and was a little surprised when it settled at five dollars and seventy five cents.
“Sir, I only have five dollars,” Sam said in his most innocently sad voice.
“Well, do you promise to bring the rest the next time you’re in here?” Bill said, as if it was something he said often.
Sam nodded, trying extra hard to suppress a smile which was dying to explode across his face. He grabbed his bag of stuff, and headed for the door. 
Once outside, his breath left him. A dull nauseous feeling crept slowly through his body, and his heart began to race once again; the North Star was gone.
The North Star had been given to Sam on his last birthday by his parents; he had hoped to get it, but realistically thought he’d have to wait another year. He remembered the day he got it like it was yesterday. It was the first time Sam’s eyes had watered with joy. And now it was gone. 
He looked left and right and saw no trace of it. There was another green bike leaning against the window of Bill’s, but it wasn’t the North Star; the differences were subtle, but there was no way it was the North Star. Sam contemplated his dilemma, and without thinking, uttered something only said in his parent’s absence. “Shit.”
He began to run in the direction of his house, not thinking about anything, just running, fast and hard along Booker Street. He finally rounded the corner onto his own street, and slowed to a walk. He was on his own turf now. Fifteen minutes later, he got to the end of his driveway and stopped. He bent over at the waist and tried to catch his breath. Finally, he straightened, and it dawned on him that he needed to figure out something to tell his parents.
Time ran out; his father opened the front door. “Sammy, how are you son?”
“Good dad.”
“What a beautiful day. Want to throw the baseball around in the backyard?” 
“Sure.” The word barely got out of Sam’s mouth and he broke into tears.
“Sammy. What’s wrong?”
Sam hesitated, wiped his eyes and then began. “Well, I was riding my bike just down the street and . . .”
“What Sam?”
The words started to come easy now. “And, this guy, an older boy, came up to me and pushed me off my bike and . . . he took my bike.” He burst into tears again.
Sam’s father had a bewildered look on his face which quickly gave way to an angry one. “Where exactly did this happen?”
“Down the street.”
“Get in the car. Now.” Sam’s father took him by the hand and led him to the car. They got in and backed out of the driveway, and then slowly rolled down Apple Creek Drive towards Booker Street. “Tell me where Sam.”
Sam waited until they were sufficiently close to Booker Street. “Right there is where he pushed me down,” Sam said pointing to the sidewalk.
His father stopped the car, and seemed to contemplate his next move. Finally, he accelerated to the corner, and turned down Booker Street in the direction of Bill’s variety store. They were a little ways down Booker Street, about where Sam had passed the old lady only twenty minutes earlier when something caught Sam’s eye; there on a driveway on Booker Street was the little boy who had been in front of him in line at Bill’s. He was riding what looked like a green North Star.  
His father had also noticed. “Sam, is that your bike?”
“Sort of looks like it,” Sam said.
His father stopped the car, and reversed back to the driveway. He stopped on the street and got out. Sam quickly got out of the car and rushed to his father’s side. They walked up the driveway. A man and woman who were likely the boy’s parents were sitting on the porch. The boy stopped doing circles on the driveway.
“Hi, good afternoon. My boy here was attacked about fifteen minutes ago around the corner, and his bike was stolen. It was a green North Star just like this one that your boy is riding. I’m sure it’s just a coincidence, but are you sure this is your boy’s bike?”
The boy’s mother got up quickly from her chair and approached them. “Robert, is that your bike?”
Robert got off his bike, took a moment to look the bike over and scratched his head. “Nope.”
“Well, where did you get this one from and where is yours?”
Robert glanced at his mother, looked back at his father who hadn’t moved from the porch, and then gave a long hard stare at Sam. The two boys locked eyes for several seconds.
“Well, I parked my bike at the community centre on Apple Creek Drive . . . because I’m allowed to go there . . . and when I came out I must have got on the wrong bike.”
“But Sam wasn’t at the community centre. Right Sam?” Sam’s father asked, looking at his son.
Sam looked at his father and looked long and hard at Robert. He had seen Robert around, but didn’t know him. Sam was fairly certain that they didn’t go to the same school; Sam went to a private school, and was pretty sure that Robert went to Colton Elementary, a public school in the neighbourhood. He looked at Robert’s mother and then back at Robert. Sam knew Robert hadn’t been to the community centre. He thought about the other green bike that he had seen at Bill’s variety store, and then he looked back at Robert.
“Sam,” his father said sternly.
“No, I wasn’t but I think the guy who took my bike might have gone there,” Sam said, his placid facial expression giving no hint of the whirlwind of thoughts bouncing around in his head.
“What makes you say that son?” Sam’s father asked, clearly a little embarrassed that he didn’t have all the facts.
“The guy who did it. I’ve seen him at the community centre before. He hangs out there sometimes.” Sam said this, knowing it would result in countless trips to the community centre with his father.
“You didn’t mention this before Sam,” his father said staring down at him.
“Sorry dad, I just didn’t think to say anything because I was upset.”
Robert’s mother had a concerned look on her face. “Well, it sounds like this turkey who attacked your son took his bike to the community centre, and then Robert took it by accident. But I hope Robert’s bike is still back at the community centre.”
Everyone looked at Robert and then finally Sam spoke up. “You know, I think I know where your bike is.” They all continued to stare at Sam. “You go to Colton Elementary, right?”  Sam said, looking directly at Robert.
“Yeah, why?”  Robert countered.
“There’s a guy who goes there . . . Bill, I think his name is.  I’m pretty sure I saw him take your bike from the community centre.”
“Sam, what are you talking about? When did you see this?” Sam’s father asked.
“When we drove by it a couple of minutes ago. I saw Bill getting on a green bike at the community centre. I thought it was mine for a second until I realized it wasn’t a North Star.”
Sam’s father looked at him skeptically, and no one spoke for a moment.
Sam and Robert locked eyes again.
“Well, as odd as it seems, I think we’ve got all this sorted out,” Sam’s father said. “I hope you find your bike Robert.” 
Sam’s father put his hand on Sam’s shoulder. Robert held the North Star out for Sam, who took it and they turned towards the car.

Halfway to the car, Sam’s father looked down at his son, and then stopped. Sam stopped as well, and glanced up at his dad. 
“Sam, what’s that in your back pocket?”
“What?”
“You heard me Sam.” His father reached down and pulled a small crumpled paper bag from his son’s back pocket. He looked inside at the licorice whips, the gum and the other things.  “Where did you get this?”
Sam glanced at Robert. “My friend Kyle gave it to me.”
“Really,” his father said suspiciously. “You know Sam that you’re not allowed to go to the plaza. Right?”
Robert’s mother had ambled over. “No, Robert isn’t allowed to go to the plaza either.”
Robert’s father, who had listened to the entire conversation from the porch, had approached the group. “Don’t worry folks, I’ve been sitting on that porch for two hours and I can attest that neither of these boys have been to the plaza.”
Sam looked at Robert’s father and smiled, his thankfulness more than evident, and then the smile left his face. Thirty yards from Robert’s house and approaching fast was the elderly woman who Sam had side swiped earlier. She locked eyes with Sam and struggled to push her know half full shopping cart faster.
“Oh, there’s Nana,” Robert’s mother said, and waved.
“Let’s go dad,” Sam said, already halfway to the car.  
The Pro and the Lunatic
Arthur Binder had been to Las Vegas three or four times over the years, but had never been there with a specific assignment to complete. On this particular occasion he arrived on a Friday afternoon in the middle of October, and by Saturday evening he was nestled into a comfortable chair, engaged in a very serious game of poker. The Benson Room at the Liberty Casino and Gaming Club was where the real players went for action. Make no mistake, Arthur isn’t a real player, or at least not an overly competent one, rather, he’s a writer. His assignment on this day was to find a real poker player, a roguish hustler, and capture the flavour of a professional gambler’s life in three thousand words or less. After playing No Limit Hold’em for two hours, and losing a material amount of his magazine’s money by throwing clay chips after horrendous cards, his patience was rewarded—his subject walked into the Benson Room.
 There was something about the way the man carried himself that tipped Arthur off. He wasn’t a testament to all the old stereotypes; his hair wasn’t slicked back, his shirt wasn’t unbuttoned, heavy gold chains didn’t dangle from his neck, but he had a coolness and a calmness, a certain understated demeanour about him that left no doubt in Arthur’s mind that this guy was a pro—a poker professional. He was casually dressed in a t-shirt and jeans; a beat up red ball cap ensuring he’d meld in with the pigeons. Arthur couldn’t believe his luck.

My name is Hubert Morrow and I’ll never forget my first trip to Las Vegas. I arrived on a Saturday evening in the middle of October, and the first thing I did after unpacking my bags was prop my lucky red ball cap on top of my head, and head out to play poker. I had never played casino poker before, and admittedly, I was both excited and nervous as I hopped into a cab. The driver told me that the Benson Room at the Liberty Casino and Gaming Club was the place to play. “I’m a beginner,” I told him. He assured me that the Benson Room was the place for me. The closer we got, the more nervous I became. My main problem was that I didn’t have a good grip on all the subtleties and nuances of the game. A friend, who played in casinos often, had tried to pass on some of his knowledge, but my nervousness was rendering my memory useless. I knew there was no turning around. I couldn’t go home and face my friends, the ones I played kitchen table poker with, without at least walking into the Benson Room and playing a few hands, as awkward as it might turn out.  

Arthur watched as the pro spoke briefly to the floor manager, and then was pleasantly surprised when he slowly made his way over to Arthur’s game. There were eight people sitting around the table, and the pro took a moment to make eye contact with each of them—staring them down. Arthur got the sense that just by looking at each of them for a moment, the pro could tell whether they were worth his time. He moved to the last available chair, directly across the table from Arthur, and sat down. A beautiful young lady wheeled a chip cart over to him, and waited for him to signal his intent; he glanced quickly at the other player’s stacks and then reached for a tray of red chips. “Holy cow,” Arthur said under his breath, the guy had grabbed five grand worth of chips. Arthur and everyone else around the table tried to act like they weren’t intimidated. They all were.  
“Cash, credit or charged to your room sir,” the young lady asked him.
“My room,” the pro said quickly.
She placed the order form in front of him; he paused for a moment and then signed quickly. Five thousand dollars was at least ten times as much as anyone else at the table had in front of them. Arthur shook his head; this guy wasn’t messing around.

I finally arrived at the Liberty and had a little trouble finding the Benson Room, asking three people for directions before finally finding my way to the entrance. Walking in, I paused, as one of my contact lens started acting up. Embarrassed, I took both lenses out. My vision wasn’t perfect, but I’d get by. I walked in and found a middle aged gentleman who looked like an employee.
“Hi there, listen, I’m new at this. Never been to a casino before. And I’m nervous as hell. What do I do?” 
He smiled. “No problem. There’s a free seat over at that table,” he said pointing. “I’ll send the chip runner over so you can buy some chips. If you need any help, don’t hesitate to ask the dealer. Most beginners are afraid to ask. Just ask the dealer. Nothin’ to be embarrassed about.”
“Thanks,” I said and started walking over to the table. The lighting in the Benson room was poor and my eyes weren’t adjusting well. I got to the table and struggled to see the faces of the folks I was going to be playing with. I had no idea what the protocol was. Was I supposed to say something before I sat down? Where they all looking at me like I was some sort of idiot? God I felt self-conscious. I sat.    
Things were happening too quickly for my liking now. The lady who sells the chips showed up. I would have preferred to just sit for a moment and get my bearings; to try and figure out what the hell I was supposed to do, but there she was with her cart of chips. She said nothing, and ignoring the advice to ask questions, I said nothing. I finally reached out and grabbed a tray of red chips.
“Cash, credit or charged to your room sir,” the young lady asked.
“My room,” I said quickly. She handed me a piece of paper. I put my room number on it, signed it, and then realized what I’d done. I wasn’t staying at the Liberty Casino and Gaming Club. What an idiot. I had just put a room number on the bill for a room that wasn’t even at the establishment. Again, I said nothing because I was embarrassed. In my rush, I hadn’t even seen how much the bill was for. I had no idea what the value of the chips in my tray was. There were fifty chips, probably worth a dollar a piece I told myself. I’d make sure I didn’t bet more than twenty dollars. 

The dealer dealt everyone two cards; Arthur’s weren’t particularly good, a queen and a four. The pro didn’t immediately look at his cards, instead, he waited and observed everyone else. It was obvious to Arthur that the pro was honing in on their reactions as they looked at their cards. Arthur knew that Poker was more of a science than most amateurs realized; a pro can get a clue as to what a beginner has just by seeing his facial expression at that instance when he looks at his cards. The pro finally picked up his cards, and his eyes narrowed, giving away nothing. Arthur thought the look on the pro’s face was pure genius. Did he have good cards? Did he have garbage? He acted like he didn’t know, but Arthur knew differently.
In No Limit Hold‘em, ante bets are placed by the small blind and the big blind which are automatic bets made by the two players to the left of the button—the button represents the theoretical dealer—while the actual dealer doesn’t play. The small blind was twenty bucks and the big blind was forty. The bet was forty to the pro, and in Arthur’s opinion he played it beautifully, throwing a hundred dollar chip into the centre without even thinking about it. There wasn’t a moment of hesitation. The two players to the left of the pro were intimidated and folded quickly. Arthur thought briefly about spending a hundred dollars of his company’s money just for the hell of it, and then figured he’d fold and watch the masterful play of the target of his article. Two others folded, the small blind called and added eighty dollars to the pot, the big blind also called and added sixty. Nobody knew what the pro had, but with the flick of a chip, he had scared Arthur and four others out of the pot.

The game began, and a fellow wearing a crisp white pressed shirt and a bow tie slid two cards, faced down, my way.  I was about ninety percent sure that I was allowed to look at these cards, but thought I better wait and see what everyone else did.  And then my goddamn eyes started playing tricks again; everything seemed a bit hazy. Finally, certain that I was allowed to pick up the cards in front of me, I lifted them and struggled to see what they were – a red three and a black six, hearts and spades I was pretty sure, although my eyes couldn’t quite focus.
My next problem became obvious the moment I saw the three and the six. The few times I’ve played poker with my friends, we’ve assumed that threes, sixes and nines are wild—I think this is referred to as pregnant threes. Was this standard to all poker games? It might be, in which case my hand seemed to be quite good.  
People started putting chips into the centre which I won’t pretend I understood completely, and of course I didn’t have to guts to ask, so I threw one of my red chips in, and that seemed to go well. This only means that nobody laughed. A bunch of folks threw their cards into the centre which I assumed meant they didn’t want to play. The two to my right, who had already put some chips in, threw a couple more in, and then before I had the chance to throw another in, the dealer turned over three cards right in front of himself.

The dealer dealt the next three cards, which were community cards, face up: the queen of spades, the eight of hearts and the three of diamonds—these were called the flop. The small blind stared at his cards for what seemed like an eternity, and then slowly slid one hundred dollars’ worth of chips into the centre of the table. The big blind also hesitated, if only for a moment, and then called, putting her hundred into the middle. The pro quickly threw two red chips into the centre, raising the bet by a hundred bucks. The small blind looked increasingly anxious, sweat forming on his forehead. He finally pushed another hundred into the middle, his hands shaking. The big blind started playing with her chips, passing a small stack of them from one hand to the other, but finally took a deep breath and pushed her hundred into the centre.    

The three cards in front of the dealer confused me. I had thought we would all get cards, and to be perfectly honest, the ones in front of the dealer would have done me fine, as there was another three. I decided to lay low and do nothing until someone else did something. This took quite a while and then finally, the fellow sitting down from me moved some chips into the centre. The woman sitting on my right then slid a number of chips into the centre. I seemed to be the only one using the red chips, which I thought was great, as it would help keep things organized. I slid two red ones into the centre and waited. Still no laughter so I likely didn’t do anything ridiculous.  
The air in the Benson room wasn’t stellar and I’m sure this was contributing to my eye problem and I think some of my fellow players were also feeling the effects. The man and woman who had been putting their chips into the centre with me began to fidget, and I could see a film of perspiration start to form on the gentleman’s head. They both moved more chips into the centre which, again, I didn’t understand. I was actually starting to grow tired of this whole thing, I mean, who wins. At what point do we have a winner and how is the winner determined? I decided at that point that as soon as the current hand was over, I’d go and find a slot machine; at least I’d understand the rules.

The dealer turned over another card: the three of hearts—this card was called “the turn” to those in the know. The small blind checked his bet, deciding to wait and see what the others were going to do. The big blind seemed to like this idea and also checked. Like a lion sensing his prey was injured, the pro quickly pushed three red chips into the centre. A smile quickly washed over his face; Arthur figured this was likely intended as a message to his opponents, something else for them to think about. The small blind shook his head and then folded, throwing his cards into the centre. The big blind wasn’t far behind; she smirked and pushed her cards toward the centre.  

The dealer turned over another card: the three of, what looked to be, hearts. “Check,” said the gentleman who was sweating, as did the woman sitting next to me. I assumed they were leaving and probably wanted to settle their drink bill. It was odd though, and I was certain that the closest waitress, who was a couple of tables away, hadn’t heard either of them. Nobody seemed to be too keen to throw any chips in, so I took the plunge and moved three red ones into the centre. My neighbours, who still hadn’t gotten their drink bill, threw their hands into the centre, which made sense given that they wanted to settle the check. 

If it was Arthur and he had just won seven hundred bucks, he would have grabbed those chips as quickly as he could. Not this guy; he hesitated. Arthur figured he was sending another message, letting his opponents think about what had just happened, and warning them that it would just get worse for all of them. And then in a move which Arthur figured was pure bravado, the pro got up and walked away from the table, his tray of chips in his hand, but the pot he had just won remaining. The dealer called after him, but there was no stopping him. He kept walking. Arthur smiled. The pro obviously knew that his skill level was so much above theirs, and that the gentlemanly thing to do was let the little fish swim away. He had toyed with them and let them off the hook. After a little prodding, the dealer allowed the blinds to take back their chips. When Arthur looked up, the pro was gone. He’d left the room and was probably off to a private game with some high flyers, to play for real stakes.

And so I took stock of the situation. I was engaged in a game that made no sense to me. I had two cards in front of me that I was fairly certain were mine. There were five other cards in front of the dealer; the purpose of these cards escaped me. I, and a few of the other folks had thrown some of our chips into the centre, but the majority of people sitting around the table hadn’t. I had put what I assumed was six bucks into the middle and I had no idea where the game stood. Was it over or was this going to go on all night. I decided the best thing to do was just get up and leave. I’d explain to the girl who had sold me the chips that I’d screwed up the room thing, and that poker really wasn’t for me, and hopefully just slide out without making a big production out of any of it. I’d tell my friends that I had tried it, but I’d have a much better night if I just went and looked for a nice comfortable chair in front of a twenty-five cent slot machine. Oh, and I needed to go and pick up those Wayne Newton tickets.
My Brother’s Keeper
Quin Laribey hadn’t been to confession in an awfully long time; truthfully, he hadn’t been inside a church since his youngest son, who was now twenty eight, had been baptized almost three decades earlier. But today, he was going to confess his sins. Actually, he was going to confess one sin in particular—a biggie. The curtain covering the entrance to the confessional opened, and an older woman, clutching her rosary ambled out. Quin got up from his seat and cautiously made his way into the booth.  
He knelt slowly and clasped his hands together, resting them on his stomach, just above his naval. It was darker than he had anticipated, and he struggled to see through the screen in front him. He could see the vague outline of the priest on the other side of the screen, but couldn’t see his face. There were a few moments of silence; Quin knew that there was some sort of scripted opening that he was supposed to say, a formal way of beginning the proceedings, but he couldn’t quite remember it. He chose a less traditional opening. “Hello. Anybody there?”  
“Yes, hello. Are you ready to confess your sins?”
“Uh. Yeah. I know there’s some sort of saying or something I’m supposed to say, but for the life of me I can’t remember it. It’s been a while since I’ve done this.”
“Perhaps you could start by removing your cap,” the priest whispered through the screen.
Quin quickly removed his tweed cap, and dropped it to the floor. He returned his hands to his navel.
“Perhaps you can make the sign of the cross.”
Quin crossed himself, and tried unsuccessfully to remember the last time he had done so. 
“Perhaps you can tell me how long it has been since your last confession.”
“Wow, probably seventy five,” Quin said with a hint of embarrassment.
“Seventy five days?”
“Nineteen seventy five father—like thirty years ago or so.”
“Oh. Well why don’t we just start then. Why don’t you confess your sins.”
“Sure,” Quin said, looking directly at the screen in front of him, a small seed of annoyance beginning to grow somewhere deep inside him. “Well, there’s really only one thing I wanted to come and tell you today.”
“Only one sin in thirty years?”
“Well, no, I suppose if I were to think about it, there’s been a few more than that, but I really just wanted to focus on one in particular. There’s one that’s sort of a large one, if you know what I mean.”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
Quin looked down nervously and then returned his focus to the outline of the priest on the other side of the screen. “Well, if sins were stones, I’d have a few pebbles, a couple of nice rocks the size of apples and one that could have broken off of a small planet, you know what I mean?”
“Not really, why don’t you tell me about it.”
Quin took a long hard look at the screen, and then took a deep breath.
“My son, I’m a vehicle for you to speak to God,” the priest said, and shifted his body as if trying to make himself comfortable. “If it makes it easier for you, imagine that you are speaking directly to God.”
“Well, let’s not get carried away,” Quin said, a light chuckle suggesting he wasn’t buying the good father’s act of divine volunteerism.
“Please begin.”
Quin cleared his throat and began. “About fifteen years ago now. Yeah, it was about fifteen years ago, my little brother Edger got engaged.”
“That’s wonderful my son.”
“You know what. Just let me finish; it’ll be easier that way.”
“Go on my son.”
“Well, Edger got engaged to this very pretty rich girl. Her name was Mary Anne, her name is still Mary Anne actually, and so, about a month before the wedding, Mary Anne’s family—her parents, invited our family over for a little get together.
“Yes, my son.”
Quin stayed silent for a moment, hoping the priest would get the hint and relax with the “yes, my son” routine.
“Anyway,” he continued. “My mother, my father, my older brother Julie and I went over to the Appletart’s house to meet Mary Anne’s family.”  
He paused again. The priest said nothing.
“Father, I’m surprised you didn’t ask me about my brother’s name.”
“Why, my son?”
“Well, his name is actually Julie, and he’s a male—he was named after a poet or something.”
“That’s fine my son.”
“So anyway, we’re all at the get together, sitting around having cocktails and meeting the Appletarts, and after about ten minutes something dawns on me.”
“What, my son?”
“You know what, I think you need to ease up on the ‘my son’ thing.”
“Carry on.”
“Well, it dawned on me that the Appletart’s were asses.”
“My son,” the priest said quickly.
“Sorry, probably not appropriate language for this place,” I said. “But they really were. I mean, these people were filthy rich, and the house was about a billion square feet. There were servants, kitchen staff and things like that—it was ridiculous.”
“You still haven’t committed a sin my son, other than your choice of language a moment ago.”
“Right, well, these people were very rude to their staff. My family is of modest means, if you know what I mean, and I don’t have a problem with people who have a little money, but these folks were just plain rude. They made my skin crawl.”
“Perhaps, they should be here rather than you my son. They seem to be the ones who have done an inordinate amount of sinning.”
“Patience father; I’m setting the table for you here. I’m sure you know where this is going,” Quin said coyly.
“Very well my son. Carry on.”
“After a while, I went upstairs to go to the washroom. Madame Appletart was relieving herself in one of the washrooms on the main floor, and I couldn’t find the other, so one of the butlers or whatever he was, told me to try the one upstairs. I did and when I was finished, I came out, and my brother Julie was standing there waiting to use the washroom.”
Quin paused.
And continued. “Julie and I gossiped a bit about what a bunch of morons the Appletarts were, he used the washroom, and then we started downstairs. We passed by a bedroom and we both froze in our tracks; sitting on a night table in plain view was a ring with the biggest goddamn diamond in it.”
“My son!”
“Right, I guess that was particularly bad language considering where we are.”
“My son, when you feel the urge to use a profanity, just count to five in your head.”
“Uhhh . . . alright, I’ll give that a try. Anyway, I don’t need to tell you what I did; I took the ring. I’m not exactly sure why. It might have been that I was jealous, or it might have been that I had hatred for these people, but I took the darn ring, sold it and spent the money on my family.”
“You didn’t get caught my son.”
“No, I guessed that they’d know that one of us took the ring, but that they’d avoid spoiling their daughter’s wedding. They likely knew that they wouldn’t have to deal with us again after the wedding. And they could certainly afford to replace the ring, assuming it wasn’t insured, and it likely was.”
“They never mentioned the incident, my son.”
“No they didn’t”
“And nobody knows about this but you.”
“Me and Julie,” Quin said smiling. “Don’t forget Julie was there.”
“Yes, my son. Your older brother Julie was there.”
“So that’s it father. I’d like to be forgiven for stealing that ring fifteen years ago,”
“You know my son that there is penance.”
“Yeah, can’t quite remember how that works. You give me a prayer to say or something.”
“I’ll ask that you say a combination of prayers my son.”
“And that’s it then, I’m forgiven?”
“You’ll be forgiven my son as long as in your heart you truly want to be forgiven for this sin.”
“Yeah, well, I’m here. I mean, I’m sorry for doing it because I could have ruined Edger’s wedding or ruined his life I guess, and that’s not a very nice thing to do to your little brother. I’ve regretted for a long time that what I did could have ended up causing my little brother pain.”
There was a pause. Neither man saying anything for a dozen seconds.
“Alright my son, I do sense that you’ve carried the weight of this with you for some time.”
“Yeah, I shouldn’t have done that to my little brother.”
There was another brief silence.
“Alright my son, I’d like you to say one thousand eight hundred and twenty five Hail Marys.”
“For Christ sake, you’re insane,” Quin screamed.  “That’ll take me eight goddamn weeks to say that many Hail Marys.”
“My son, you don’t have to say them all at the same time—that’s one a day for the next five years. Every time you say one, I want you to think about your little brother Edger and how you could have spoiled his marriage.”
“I will think of him father. I love him and the marriage has worked out fine; they have five gorgeous children. I’ll be honest with you though; I hope my older brother Julie feels some remorse and has asked to be forgiven and has received a penance of some kind.”
The priest slowly exhaled, and then Quin could hear him leaving the booth. A moment later the priest had opened the curtain, and was staring at Quin, who said nothing, but had expected they might go down this path.
“Quin, your little brother knows that you and your older brother took that ring.”
“How do you know that?”
“Because I told Edger.”
“I suspected as much,” Quin said and took a deep breath, the weight of a decade and a half of guilt having just vacated his shoulders. “I’m glad you did.”
“Quin, I’ve spend the last fifteen years asking to be forgiven for taking that ring,” the priest said.
“I know Julie, I know.” And Quin hugged his brother.
Big Money
Ford Toliver was a lucky man. His lot in life had a prosperous fragrance to it that could only be appreciated by understanding his plight in relative terms. He lived in a small house, had recently gotten engaged to his girlfriend of six months, and had a small amount of money in the bank. Two years earlier, he had lost his first life to a penny stock promoter who offered him the chance to bet on three sure things. He had lost his and his ex-wife’s savings on the first; had doubled down using their line of credit on the second; and had finally used their credit cards in a desperate attempt at redemption on the third. He had gone to counselors, for both his marital and gambling problems, had faced the indignity of admitting he had been stupid, but had slowly forged ahead. He had a decent job now and had lived like a pauper for two years, so he could pay his ex-wife her savings back. Things were good, they were stable, he was happy. His only extravagance was an occasional trip to the race track; he’d bet two dollars a race and more enjoyed savoring the beauty of the horses than the thrill of the action. Things were indeed good.
On this blazingly hot summer day, Ford’s resolve was tested. He had often heard that Oakhill horse track was a corrupt place; that every once in a while a horse, which was favoured to win, would get a less than honest effort by the jockey, allowing dark evil criminal types to make loads of money betting on the appropriate alternatives. Standing by the paddock watching the horses get saddled for the fifth race, and armed with a tendency towards conspiracy based paranoia, Ford was sure that he had tapped into this underworld of deceit. He overheard a conversation between a trainer, whose picture he had seen in the newspaper but whose name escaped him at that moment, and another, well dressed, gentleman.   
 “Where should I put big money chief?” the well-dressed man asked.
“Number two Donny,” the trainer mouthed, clearly uncomfortable with the conversation.
Ford pretended that he hadn’t heard, overdoing it a bit by glancing around at a couple of horses that he had no interest in, and then finally turned and walked over to a bench in the shade. He sat back, crossed his legs, trying to appear nonchalant, and opened a racing program to the fifth race. Number two was a horse named Chocolate Bar; he was listed at the opening as a fifty to one shot. There would be plenty of money to be made if Chocolate Bar pulled off an upset; a two dollar bet, assuming the odds stayed where they were, could turn into a hundred bucks in a manner of minutes. Ford looked at the giant odds board beside the paddock; eighteen minutes until the fifth race, and Chocolate Bar was holding at around fifty to one; boy, nobody liked this horse. Ford ran inside the grandstand building, took an escalator up to the second floor, and settled into a chair facing a large bank of televisions. He needed to think this through. He sensed an opportunity.
Ford ambled over to a pay phone, and called his best friend Sherman, who knew something about horse racing. “Sherman, Ford here. Listen, I’m at the track, and I need a little advice.”
“You’re at the track? Who you with?”
“I’m by myself; why?”
“Pal, I would’ve gone with you.”
“I know, I was off work today and I just decided at the last minute to . . . listen, don’t worry about it. I overheard something, and . . .”
“What do you mean you overheard something,” Sherman interrupted.
“Listen, shut up. I need to talk to you about it. What do you know about races getting fixed at Oakhill?” Ford said and glanced around to make sure no one was listening. 
“What are you talking about? What did you overhear?” Sherman asked, serious now.
“I’m standing at the paddock, and you know that trainer who always wears the straw hat. What’s his name?”
“Nielsen Rich?”
“Yeah, he’s with his horse,” Ford said, “a speedy colt who’s the favourite in the fifth race, and this well dressed slick looking guy named Donny comes up to him, and asks him where to put some serious cash, and Rich tells him to put it on number two.”
“Has the fifth race run yet?”
“No, it’s in about sixteen minutes,” Ford said, glancing down at his watch. “This is why I’m calling. Number two is a horse called Chocolate Bar—like a fifty to one shot. What do you think?”
“Wow. And number two isn’t Rich’s horse right?”
“Right, Rich’s horse is the favourite.”
“Certainly sounds like something’s up. Are you sure you heard this guy right?”
“Yeah, Rich even looked a little uncomfortable telling the guy to bet on number two,” Ford said, and glanced around again to make sure nobody was listening to him.
“What do you mean by uncomfortable?” Sherman asked.
“Well, he acted like he didn’t want anyone else to hear.”
“I guess that makes sense. If you’re involved in something illegal, you sure wouldn’t want anyone to know.”
“But, how would it work, I mean, is everyone in on it?”
“Wouldn’t need everyone. If I had to guess, I’d say this horse Chocolate Bar has a past that nobody knows about; maybe raced on a different continent. It’s not that hard to give a horse a new identity. Chocolate Bar is probably a decent horse, a ringer if you will, and combine that with a little help from the favorite’s jockey, and maybe one more rider and presto, you’ve got a fifty to one shot winner.”
“Really. Should I bet it?”
“Only, if you want to make a ton of cash,” Sherman said quickly and with a patronizing tone. 
“Could turn two bucks into a hundred pretty quick,” Ford said, not entirely sure how Sherman defined a ton of cash.
“Two bucks? Ford, this is the chance of a lifetime. Pal, you’re betting on a sure thing.”
The reference to a “sure thing” wasn’t lost on Ford given his penny stock experience, but he didn’t dwell on it. He and Sherman had really only become close friends since his resurrection and they didn’t often discuss his past problems; he wasn’t even sure that Sherman knew all the gory details. “What, you think I should drop like a hundred bucks?” he said, knowing now that Sherman was thinking of a larger amount. 
“Pal, I think you should try and get your hands on like ten grand,” Sherman shouted.
“What?”
“I’m serious, how much time left until the race?”
Ford didn’t bother checking his watch. “About fifteen minutes.”
“Where are you?”
“On the second floor, in front of the betting windows by a large bank of televisions,” Ford said, glancing around despite the fact that he didn’t need to.
“Go to the last window,” Sherman said. Ford looked up at the last betting window. “There’ll be a guy there named Arnie Burton; go over to him, and tell him you had a certified check for ten grand that you were going to bring with you today, but that you forgot it at home. Tell him you want to put a ten thousand dollar bet on your credit card.”
“Are you crazy?” Ford said, louder than he would have liked. He glanced to his right and locked eyes with an elderly lady, her brows furrowed above her glasses, her petite body nestled into a hard metal seat, five seats away from Ford. Ford smiled, and shook his head as if they were the only two sane people in the world. She gave a scolding look and returned her gaze to her racing forum.
“Ford, they’ll just put the authorization through. They’ll probably have to take a call from your card issuer, but at least you’ll have the flexibility to pull the trigger if you want to; explain to him that you want to put the authorization through now, and that you’ll make the bet closer to post time. He’s done this before, believe me.”
“I only have about four thousand worth of room on my card.”
“Then four thousand it is my man.”
“Holy smokes Sherman. If Vivian knew I was doing this she’d kill me.” Ford had been sitting and stood now.
“You haven’t made the bet Ford, and besides, what will Vivian’s reaction be when you bring home a cheque for two hundred thousand bucks?”
“Oh man,” Ford said and exhaled loudly.
“Ford, this is about as risk free as you can get,” Sherman said, sounding now like a penny stock salesman.
Sherman’s exuberance started to stir familiar emotions within Ford. As he had done when he got in trouble with the penny stocks, Ford’s focus was on the winning side of the bet. He envisioned himself with Vivian living an easier life, envisioned himself going to the bank and depositing two hundred thousand dollars, envisioned himself, full of regret, having not made the bet after Chocolate Bar won the race. The memories of the emotions he had felt having lost his wife’s trust and his entire worth were also floating around in his mind somewhere, but they couldn’t seem to push themselves to the forefront.     
Ford spotted Arnie, looked at his watch, and decided there was no harm in putting the authorization through. He reassured himself that he hadn’t actually done anything illegal, and spoke more quietly into the phone than he had before. “Let me go and put the authorization through. I’m not making the bet; I’m just going to put the credit card thing through. I’ll call you back.”
He raced over to the betting counter and confidently introduced himself to Arnie Burton, who checked Ford’s identification, took down some other information, and then took his card and disappeared into a back office, promising to return in a moment. Ford called Sherman back.
“The guy’s got my card.”
“Two hundred thousand. Pal, if you’d invited me to go with you today, I’d be putting out twenty grand.”  
“Well, I didn’t Sherm, and I haven’t bet anything yet. If I lose four grand, Vivian and I are done; I mean there goes everything. I’ve been down this road before Sherman.”
“Two hundred thousand bucks can solve a lot of problems Ford.”
Somewhere in his mind, perhaps in his subconscious, Ford was disappointed in Sherman’s attitude. He wanted a friend to tell him to walk away, that it was alright to walk away from a sure thing. 
“What if the horse trips or something?” Ford said, fairly certain in hindsight that he had said something stupid.
“How many times have you been to the track Ford?”
“Maybe twenty.”
“Ever seen a horse trip?”
“No but . . .”
“Pull the trigger Ford. How much time left?”
Ford looked at his watch. “About eight minutes.”
“Do you really want to be on the phone with me in ten minutes, having not made the bet, and facing the realization that you basically just threw a fifth of a million dollars away.” Whether he knew it or not, Sherman had just tapped into his best chance to sway Ford. It was the threat of overwhelming regret that Ford had trouble with. Sherman was right; how would it feel to take a fifth of a million dollars and place it into a garbage can.
“No, but so much can go wrong,” Ford said, pleading with his friend although Sherman didn’t know it.
“Like what?”
“Like one of the jockeys, who isn’t involved, rides his horse around the track faster than Chocolate Bar. Chocolate Bar.  Geez.”  The true absurdity of what Ford was contemplating dawned on him. “I can’t believe I’m thinking about betting my life on a horse named Chocolate Bar.”
“Pal, you’re just trying to talk yourself out of it now. Don’t blow this,” Sherman said, a frantic edge to his voice.
Arnie Burton came out of the back office and gave Ford a thumbs up. “You’re good for four grand. Give us the word and we’ll place a bet for you,” he shouted.
“Thank you. Give me a couple of minutes please,” Ford said, and waved.
“There you go Ford; sounds like you’re ready to go. Keep an eye on the clock Pal; you don’t want to get locked out of two hundred thousand smackers.”
“There’s five minutes left Sherman. I’ve got lots of time,” Ford said, running a hand through his hair and exhaling slowly.
“What’s stopping you?”
“Maybe I should just go and find Nielsen Rich and plain out ask him if something is going on,” Ford said, again sensing that perhaps he had uttered something stupid. 
“Oh, yeah that’s a great idea. I’m sure he’d fully admit to you that he was involved in an illegal activity such as fixing races. Have you lost your mind? They’d probably send someone to your house to assassinate you.”
“But if I lay four grand on this, isn’t someone going to be suspicious?”
“Pal, people make crazy big bets every day. Most are losing bets; a couple hit it big. Besides, you haven’t done anything wrong. All you did was stand by the paddock, and mind your own business. There’s no crime in overhearing something. You win big, and it’ll be written off to crazy luck.”
“I don’t think I can do it Sherm,” Ford said, taking a deep breath. He was having trouble with his breathing now, and his heart seemed to be racing. 
“Ford, listen to me. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity. Pull the trigger man.”  Sherman was getting excited now.
“If it was just me Sherm, I’d do it, but my life is not that simple . . . it’s just more complicated than I can explain.”
“If you deposit two hundred thousand dollars in your and Vivian’s bank account, you’ll have a super marriage. I mean a super duper marriage and the honeymoon will be pretty good as well. Think about the smile on Vivian’s face. Think about how “I don’t think I can do it Sherm,” Ford said again, anticipating his friend’s disappointment.
“Think about how much easier life would be for both of you. For the kids you’ll have. Don’t blow this Ford. Step up to the plate my man.”
Ford felt nauseous and his mouth was dry, but there wasn’t enough time to get a drink. He and Vivian didn’t lead a luxurious existence by any means. They got by, but the bills always seemed to outpace the money coming in, and they could never quite get ahead of the game. Ford had shared all the details about his past problems with her and she had been supportive—she truly seemed to love him and was content grinding away with him. The twenty bucks he’d drop at the track once a month created a small tinge of guilt although it was truly his only self centered extravagance, but to throw four thousand dollars in the garbage would be beyond justification. He’d never be able to tell Vivian; it’d take them months to dig out of a hole like that. But he had heard something. Had heard the trainer, whose name he again couldn’t remember, conspiring with the well dressed guy named Donny. Was there a winning lottery ticket sitting in front of him, waiting to be picked up? 
“How much time left?” Sherman asked, snapping Ford out of his thoughts.
Ford looked to the digital clock on the wall on the pillar beside him, needing a little more accuracy. “Two minutes.”
“Ford, give Arnie the word man; tell him you’re going to put four grand down on Chocolate Bar. You need to do it now. This is the moment of truth Ford.”
 Ford took a deep breath, closed his eyes and thought about his ex-wife, his first life, the indignity of it all, the financial struggles he and Vivian faced, the children they hoped to have, and then in a moment of clarity, he knew exactly what to do. He turned to Arnie, who was waiting on him. “Nothing from me, no bet.”
“Ahhh, you broke my heart Ford,” Sherman said into his ear.The betting windows closed, and a bell went off signaling the start of the race. Ford stayed on the phone with Sherman, but glanced up at the monitor above his head, unsure of whether he actually wanted to watch the race. He took his program out of his pocket and turned to the next race; the sixth. 

After a couple of minutes of perusing the horses in the sixth race, Ford turned his attention back to Sherman. “Well Sherman, looks like I have good news and bad news.”
“Give me the good news first pal,” Sherman said softly, his spirit broken.
“‘Where should I put big money?’ is what the slick looking guy named Donny had said Sherm.”
“So what?”
“Big Money is a horse in the sixth race, his trainer is Donny Edmunds. Something tells me, Big Money is in the second stall in the paddock right now.”
“Pal, what are you talking about?”
“‘Where should I put the horse’ is what Donny Edmunds was asking. Number two was a reference to a stall not to Chocolate Bar.”
“Oh boy Ford, you need to be careful my man, you almost blew four grand. What’s the bad news?”
Ford looked up at the monitor above his head. “Chocolate Bar just won the fifth race at Oakhill.”
The Old Man and His Daughter
An old man and his daughter made their way to their regular table, in their regular restaurant. He ambled slowly, while she moved more quickly and tried to hide her impatience. They sat, silent, each contemplating their own agenda. The old man had the advantage; he knew hers, she had no idea of his.
Harry Pearl’s hand trembled uncontrollably as he tried to move it towards the sugar bowl, so he returned it to the safety of the table, and wondered who had seen. God, he hated getting old, and God he hated tea. Not because the taste did anything dramatic to his taste buds, but rather because he couldn’t sweeten it; he was unable to make his aged hand extend to the sugar bowl in front of him, and return with a significant number of crystals. And this angered him to no end. His daughter was aware of his dilemma; she thought about helping, paused to consider the pending argument which would take full flight, and finally gave in to her common sense. She reached out and helped. Harry pursed his lips, looked off into space at nothing in particular, and sighed. He hated getting old.
Harry was eighty-four, a fact which he acknowledged only rarely and with stubborn reluctance. It was with joy and more than a hint of pride that he often acknowledged that he was a thirty year veteran of the Parliament of Canada, and currently, while not sitting in the House of Commons or the Senate, was gainfully employed as a special advisor to the Prime Minister. His daughter Emma, Harry was afraid, was part of a growing faction that believed his best years were behind him; that he’d lost his edge. Perhaps even that senility haunted his mind. Despite this, Harry hadn’t disowned her, and actually cherished her occasional company.
They made it a tradition to meet every three months for lunch at a restaurant right in Ottawa. It was a cozy little place located within a five minute drive from Parliament Hill, and was frequented by many in Harry’s line of work. On this day, it was only going to be dessert and a coffee. The sugar incident was undoubtedly going to touch off a conversation that they had had many times.
“Dad, there’s no shame in needing a bit of help,” Emma said, knowing that this would heat up the conversation but wanting her father to address her concerns.
“Why did you do that? My doctor has me off sugar,” Harry lied.
“Why exactly has your doctor got you off sugar?” she asked, knowing he had no answer. He gave her a look that suggested she not challenge his lies. “Dad, you’re eighty-four, and have had two great careers; not many people can say that. Sometimes I think you forget that you had a wonderful career teaching before you even got into politics.”
Harry remained silent.
“Maybe it’s time to slow down, to think about retiring. Just think about it. Whenever the maximum age debate comes up, I can’t help but feel that they’re talking about you personally. I know you don’t sit in the Senate anymore but do you really think you’re helping the Prime Minister as an advisor. You can’t be adding much value at this point dad.”
Her words didn’t stun Harry as they might have a father unused to taking such abuse from an offspring—he’d heard it all before, and her earlier thought about the two careers offered little solace. His career teaching science had been boring, and he barely remembered it; although he didn’t dare mention this for at his age you weren’t given any room with respect to memory. Misplace your keys, and eyes begin to roll, and knowing facial expressions soon follow. Expressions that imply uselessness and senility. Harry was very aware of these subtle expressions and fully understood the flawed logic that zipped through the tiny brains behind the eyes that delivered these messages. He went through life now communicating at a snail’s pace, scrutinizing every word before he let it leave his mouth. Ironically this probably compounded the perceptions.
“Emma, politics isn’t exactly rigorous; we don’t slide down a fire pole into the chamber; we don’t lift heavy boxes, and we make decisions by voting not arm wrestling. As long as I can hear, see, speak and think, I can help the Prime Minister, and to be honest, only one of the first three is probably necessary.
His daughter gave him a look that suggested that she thought his comment was completely absurd. “You can rule out hearing,” she said louder than usual.
“I hear what I want to hear,” he shot back.
“But dad, where does it end. Do you go on trudging into the office forever; is that the idea?”
“Pretty much, yeah.”
 She shook her head. “What about your credibility? What do your peers think? I mean how much impact do you think you have these days? Couldn’t someone younger make better use of your access to the Prime Minister?”
A waitress stopped at their table. Her name was Essa and Harry knew her well. They had been friends for the better part of fifteen years and he welcomed her interruption. “How about some dessert Harry?”
“Two pieces of chocolate cake . . . the German one, if you have any today please Essa.” Emma wisely avoided catching Harry on the sugar restriction inconsistency. Essa winked at Harry, and he smiled. She disappeared into the kitchen. Emma continued her assault.
“I’m going to be brutally honest dad. The vote tomorrow; do you even know what the issue is? Are you up to date on it?”
“Certainly.”
“Prove it.”
He was growing resentful know. Granted his daughter was a successful bright person. She was a fairly well known journalist in a city where it was difficult to become one, but he was her father; she had spat up on his shoulder forty odd years ago, and surely he deserved more respect than she was affording him. His glare told her as much.
“Dad, it’s just that I don’t want to see you hurt. You know how some boxers stick around too long, and their legacy becomes their last awful fight.”
“Emma, what are you talking about? Boxing? Really? I have an opinion on the legislation that is at the core of the vote tomorrow. Believe me, I know all about the bill.” The emissions bill was a restriction on car makers that would force them, at a cost to themselves, to substantially reduce the emissions produced by their cars over the next ten years. Harry’s bipartisan view was that the bill needed to be signed, but several of his colleagues, who like he had roots with the Conservative Party, did not agree. The “nays” were probably going to kill the bill in the House of Commons.
Emma continued. Harry tuned her out and scanned the room for Essa; she was taking a drink order from Sam Donner, an editor with a local newspaper. Essa was a wonderful woman in Harry’s eyes; a sturdy Italian mother of three, grandmother of four who loved life. Her eyes sparkled with mischief, and Harry had often teased himself with thoughts of the two of them, both widowers, living out their lives together, but on this day they had work to do. Essa’s eyes caught Harry’s and she winked, discreetly enough so that only he saw.
Essa’s wink was their signal; a signal that she had just told Sam a complete lie, an absolute untruth—a rumour. Essa had just planted a rumour. Harry understood rumours. In fact, he used them in a very constructive way.

It was twenty years ago that Harry fully began to understand rumours or information flows as he preferred to call them. As his life as a science professor began to become mundane, and the potential research of the day got scooped up by people more technically proficient and younger than he, politics began to become more appealing. He won various elections at various levels of government, sat in a few cabinets, was loyal to the right people, and ultimately was awarded with a seat in the senate. A decade ago he had left the Senate and became a special advisor to a then very young Prime Minister—he maintained that position today.
At some point early on in his political career, he began to realize the importance of perceptions, and that ultimately perceptions were influenced to a large degree by the views of others in one’s social circle. He was dismayed to learn that these perceptions and views, more times than not, were based on falsehoods, and many times were a product of slander. Harry began to make these falsehoods his science.
As time went on, he defined his craft a little better; every information flow had to have a clear objective, and a detailed agenda and time horizon was always part of the process. There were planting procedures, carrying procedures, bridging procedures, and exit procedures. The people who were used were categorized as planters, passive carriers, active carriers, long bridges, short bridges, confirmers, reputable confirmers, and on and on. If possible, Harry liked to have as little influence on the environment in question as possible. He believed there was always a suitable structure in place somewhere. It was just a matter of finding it. In a perfect situation, all he would have to do was push the first domino and sit back. Unfortunately it wasn’t always this simple.
With Essa, he cheated a little bit. She pretty much knew what he was up to. They’d been working together for a while and she would act as his initial plant in most cases. She was able to do this because she had a reputation among people in Harry’s line of work for being incredibly accurate with her information. Her credibility was an asset and insured that the flows started off strong. Harry had helped her build this credibility over time by offering the odd bit of confidential information, and persuading her to pass it on; a small price to pay for the dependability of her planting technique.
“Dad, you there? I’ll be honest, this is sort of what I’m talking about. Your concentration isn’t what it used to be. If you can’t even concentrate on me while I’m sitting across from you, how are you going to be able to help the country?”
“I’m here Emma.”
“I know Dad. I’m sorry. I just wish you wouldn’t be so stubborn.”
Harry said nothing and looked into his daughters eyes. Her face hinted of pity which made his blood boil. Did she really think that he had nothing to offer? At what point had his little girl stopped looking up to her father and started looking down? Harry was ashamed of the next thought that crept into his consciousness; could his daughter have a motive? Could she want him to be senile and defenseless? Could Emma and he have grown apart such that her life would be simpler if he was cooped up in a home somewhere? He cursed the minutes, hours and days that had ravaged his body to the extent that it was unable to reaffirm his capacity to think.  
“Dad, are you all right? Do you want to go home?”
“No Emma, I’m just looking at you.”
Harry looked to the bar at the front of the restaurant, and saw that Sam Donner was waiting, on what Harry guessed was a very dry martini, apparently having gotten impatient with Essa. Harry got up as quickly as he could. “Dad!” his daughter yelled in horror.  
“I’m just going to the bar for a drink . . . a single of something from Scotland or something . . . I don’t know . . . I’m a grown man,” he said and smiled. She rolled her eyes.
“Rubin, that drink I owe you. Come with me,” Harry said to Rubin Macteer, who sat in front of an empty plate at the table behind them.”
Rubin smiled at Emma and dutifully followed Harry. Rubin was about fifty, a Conservative member of parliament, and in Harry’s opinion, also of the mind that Harry was senile or insane. Harry knew Rubin would follow him to the bar, knew that Rubin would think he was humoring an old man. Harry maneuvered himself at the bar so that Sam and Rubin were standing beside each other. They spoke softly to one another, giggled, no doubt at Harry’s expense, and then honed in for some serious gossip. Harry ordered a cheap glass of brandy for Rubin and a rather expensive one for himself. Rubin took the glass, none the wiser, and they toasted their health. Harry ambled back to his table.
Harry was certain that Sam hadn’t let him down. He had undoubtedly told Rubin that the Liberal faction of the House of Commons was willing to make a deal on the emissions bill. That if Conservative MPs would vote in favour of the bill, the Liberals in the House of Commons and Senate would ease up on Senate reform. They would cease to make term limits, minimum attendance requirements and age limits for senators a front line issue. Of course, none of this was true; it had been born over tea between Essa and Harry the previous day, and discreetly passed on to Sam by Essa not ten minutes earlier, but it was certainly going to help them get the emissions bill passed. The next step was to confirm the rumour in Rubin’s mind. Sam wasn’t reputable enough by himself; a second independent source was needed. Harry turned to Emma.
“I’m thinking of selling the old Ford Emma.” This change in direction silenced her for a moment.
“Well that’s good; you haven’t driven that thing in ages.”
Harry knew she wasn’t finished.
“And I’ll be honest dad, at eighty-four, it might be time to contemplate getting rid of the Honda as well.”
“Now Emma. I believe that would leave me without a means of getting around.”
“Dad, you’re eighty-four. Do you plan on driving forever?”
“Pretty much, yeah.”
“Can you see the other cars dad; don’t you feel guilty about endangering the lives of other drivers every time you get behind the wheel?”
“I drove myself here today. I’m tested every year Emma. I always pass my test.”
She gave Harry another condescending look and a half-hearted smile which annoyed him, but eased his guilt for what he was about to do. “I’ve been offered fifteen thousand dollars for the Ford.” This was a lie, but his daughters’ verbal reaction to such a windfall was both predictable and valuable at this point.
“Sounds like a good deal.” She said with little or no joy.
Harry began to shake his hand on the table and with a stern voice said “pardon Emma, I didn’t hear you.”
She looked up and noticed his hand shaking. For his daughter, Harry’s frailness was proven right there on the table; and he hadn’t heard her to boot. In her mind, the ranting had been justified; she had been right. She seized the moment to drive home her point and repeated the sentence loudly with more than a hint of annoyance. “Sounds like a good deal!” she screamed. Rubin caught the sentence out of the atmosphere and smiled. The Liberals were willing to make a deal.
Harry’s was willing to admit that this whole ploy was a bit of a flyer. There was no guarantee that his daughter would utter the right phrase; no guarantee that the half-wit Rubin would interpret it as he had; no guarantee any of it would happen as he saw it in his head, but there was no harm—it didn’t present a risk. In Harry’s view, this was a big part of what he did; putting himself in risk free situations that might work to his advantage. If you give yourself enough chances to succeed, he always thought, the science of rumour starting or information flowing as he preferred to call it, could be quite useful. 
“Dad!” Emma yelled, as if he were standing outside in the parking lot.
“Why are you yelling?”
“Never mind,” she said softly.  
A couple of young Conservative MPs, both of whom were sitting relatively close to Harry, got up simultaneously, probably heading to the bar. Seeing an opportunity, Harry got up out of his chair and began to tremble as if he was going to fall over. His daughter was by his side in a moment, as were his two colleagues.
“Dad, for the love of God,” his daughter spat out.
“Sorry everyone. Really nothing exciting happening here; I just took a bad step,” Harry said.
Emma looked on skeptically as the MPs helped Harry get his balance.
“Can you two guys just help me to the washroom? Sorry, this is very embarrassing,” he said, looking around and trying to act as if he was indeed embarrassed.
“Of course we can sir,” said one of the young MPs dutifully. The three of them walked in lock step towards the men’s room. About halfway there, the shorter of the two MPs must have concluded he wasn’t needed and began to peel off towards the bar. Harry needed him to come with them so he had to begin falling again which immediately got him back at Harry’s side and drew a scornful look from the other one.
In the washroom, Harry disembarked from his two new friends, and watched as they started a conversation with Rubin, who was washing his hands at the sink. Seeing Rubin get up to go to the washroom had started this whole episode in Harry’s mind five minutes earlier. Harry stood at a urinal and pretended to go, waiting for the inevitable conversation to begin.
“You gentlemen heard the latest?” Rubin asked, as if following a script.
“Tell us Rubin,” the taller of the two MPs said.
“Liberals want a deal on emissions.”
“Senate reform I bet,” the shorter one said, surprising Harry with his knowledge.
“Yeah,” Rubin replied, pride plastered all over his face.
“Where did you get it from?”
“I just hear things guys.”
This was an interesting dynamic; one Harry saw quite frequently. Rubin wasn’t quite reputable enough on his own, especially with the two young MPs who he didn’t know well, so the rumour would need to be confirmed by someone else—Harry called this a “reputable confirmation”. If Rubin had mentioned that he got the information from Sam, they’d be ok, but more times than not, pride and ego prevented the acknowledgement of the original source. Ironically, if Sam had approached the members, and even just asked them if they had heard anything, this would often provide enough confirmation. In the absence of a single reputable confirmer, two less reputable sources were fine as long as they were perceived to be independent of one another. When Harry was younger, he would have worked the Rubin thing a bit more, just for the sport of it, but he was eighty-four and more inclined to just get the job done, so he’d just have Essa confirm it with his young friends while she was taking their orders. Harry returned to the table and his German cake.
“Cake looks good,” he said, easing back into his chair.
“It is good. Maybe I should have your piece, what with your sugar issues and all,” Emma said, her cake half gone.
“Actually, if I’m going to go, going with this chocolate cake smeared all over my lips wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world.”
“Dad, that’s morbid.”
“No, that was funny. You should learn the difference.”
“Humour’s in the mind of the beholder I suppose,” his daughter shot back.
Harry ignored her comment and sat back in his chair. There were at minimum four people inside the restaurant who had the rumour, and had had it confirmed one way or the other. The challenge now was to bridge the rumour back to the capital buildings, and have it seep through the offices of those who would vote. Timing was critical; having too much time was usually a bigger problem than having too little and this case was no exception. The most destructive force in the world of rumours was fact, and the more time that existed between the spreading of the rumour and the vote, the higher the probability that the facts would spoil their work, and the Liberals would refute the deal which Essa and Harry had manufactured out of thin air. The four who had the rumour were diverse in their geographic and social universes so Harry felt the rumour had a decent chance of being bridged back to the capital buildings, but he also had an ace up his sleeve.
His name was Bobby Skootic, or Scooter to everyone in Ottawa, and to Harry, he was a treasure. In his study of the science of information flows, or rumour mongering, Harry felt there were different personality types that lent themselves to different roles. Some people, by their nature, were good planters, others were good confirmers, and others made decent bridges. Scooter was the whole package rolled into one. Harry had never come across a person who indulged in other people’s business as much as Scooter. He was a journalist, but aside from his work related gossip, he loved to know others people’s business, and loved talking about it. Oh, and he had a crush on Harry’s daughter.
“Emma, there’s Scooter.”
“Oh no, you’re joking.”
“Nope.” Harry said and waved for Scooter to join them.
“What are you doing?”
 “Be polite Emma.”
Harry had asked Scooter to join them for coffee because he knew they could use his particular skill set. Did he perhaps insinuate that his daughter wanted Scooter there? Maybe. Did his daughter think Scooter was a vile man? Pretty much. Was this going to cause him guilt? Perhaps a small amount.
“Mr. Pearl! Emma!” Scooter said nodding.
“Scooter, how are things?” Harry asked heartily.
“Scooter,” Emma said through pursed lips.
“What’s the good word sir?”
‘Well scooter, I think something’s up; everyone seems to be engaging in furious conversation. Have you heard anything?”
This got his attention. He was oblivious to Emma now. “What do you mean something’s up?”
“It’s just that everyone seems to be having secret little conversations. Perhaps I’m just paranoid that they’re talking about me.”
Emma looked at Scooter and gave a dismissive glance Harry’s way. “I’d bet on the paranoid thing Scooter. I haven’t noticed anything.”
Scooter got up, and he was gone; it was that easy. Conversations on the phantom deal would now kick into high gear. At a certain point, Harry knew, the whole thing would become almost self-fulfilling. If there were enough people and a certain ease of communication, the whole thing would just build momentum; it would almost confirm itself and perpetuate itself, and all the while, nobody would have the foresight to try and find the root source, which of course was Essa and Harry.

Another half hour passed and Harry had every confidence that Scooter had filled in all the gaps. The rumour would make its way to the appropriate folks before the vote; which would undoubtedly turn out as Essa and he had wished. There’d be some arguing after the vote once it became obvious that many had voted under the false pretense of a deal, but they’d never figure out who to blame, so no harm would come from it. Emma and Harry got up to leave and Harry gave Essa a little “thank you” wink.
Huddled at the coat check, Scooter found them. “Mr. Pearl, the Liberals will give up senate reform for the emissions thing.”  
“Really. Scooter, that’s fabulous.”  
Behind them, one of the young MPs from the washroom leaned over to his friend. “Poor old guy is out of touch,” he uttered.  
Emma heard the remark. “Did you hear that,” she asked her father softly. “They’re not wrong Dad. They’re not wrong.”
Harry draped his coat over his old weary body and prayed that he hadn’t misplaced his car keys. 
Eight Children on a Checkered Floor
Admittedly, this isn’t going to be a normal wedding; a forty-two year old American movie actress, my four teenage children standing by my side, hitching up with a young foreign intellectual, his four young children holding hands with mine. But standing at the back of St. Paul’s Church, all of our friends and family waiting for me to take my big walk, I know I’m in love.
I met Anatoly through a friend only five weeks ago; I was immediately smitten with him, and our brief coffees together quickly turned into dinners, and then finally we met each other’s families. By then I was in love, and desperately wanted our kids to be compatible. The kids ended up loving each other, and marriage just felt like the logical next step. Many have criticized our marriage plans; we haven’t known each other for long enough, our backgrounds don’t mesh well. We ignore it all.
“Do you think you’ll be able to squeeze an ‘I do’ out of him.”
Those words were just uttered by the man about to walk me down the aisle. He’s a well-known older male actor who has been the closest thing to a father figure in my life. His name is of no importance; however it begins with the pompous proclamation “Sir” because the Queen saw fit to fan his smoldering ego many years back with a Knighthood. His dig against Anatoly simply refers to my future husband’s inclination towards avoiding small talk.  
Anatoly is a man of few words. He’s a deep thinker and can express himself beautifully if he wishes, but he internalizes many things. As a child, he was isolated from other children, and was forced to amuse himself without the aid of friends or toys. His parents were poor, which wasn’t a strange occurrence in the Soviet Union during his childhood, but they told him stories at bedtime full of excitement and wonder, and allowed him to fertilize his rich creative mind. He’s wealthy now; his wealth allowing him to adopt and care for four young children who were born unwanted in faraway countries. As many of our critics have reliably pointed out, his wealth and the fact that he has four children are really the only experiences we share. I remind them about our undying love, and they sneer.
The church is beautiful; a classic catholic church in every sense with stain glass windows glorifying the Stations of the Cross. The altar, where my nervous walk will end, is fantastically decorated with roses of all colours; without being disrespectful to the holy nature of the place. We’ve been warned about this, warned that a few roses could be placed around the altar, but that anything in excess of that would be deemed disrespectful.  
I was raised as a catholic, attending church every Sunday with my parents and my sisters. Those days are over, and it’s been a while since I attended mass, but it’s important to me that I get married in a catholic church. My first marriage had been at St. Jude’s, which was fantastic. The roses on the altar hadn’t been a big thing back then, and I think way too much has been made about it now. At the centre of the rose controversy is Bishop Aloysius M James. Admittedly, I pulled some strings; called in some favours from some powerful people to get the bishop to do our wedding. In hindsight this was a mistake. He’s embarrassingly questioned us on many things; the roses, Anatoly not being catholic, my divorce, and the list goes on. He’s an old, angry man—a pain in the ass, and my tolerance for his antagonism is running thin.
I’ll admit that I’m nervous right now. I keep reminding myself not to rush down the aisle, and to keep a nice steady pace to my walking; the checkered floor will help me with this. Three squares per stride; I’ve practiced several times. There’ll be two hundred sets of eyes on me, which is fine, given my line of work, but there’ll be no second takes on this one. I keep reminding myself to breathe from the stomach; we don’t need any hyper tension today.
My sweetie and the kids are at the front of the church now. It’s almost time to go. Need to keep breathing. The music is starting.
“Show time honey.”
I give Sir pompous ass a kiss on the cheek and we’re off. Still breathing; looking good; three squares per stride. Lips a little pouty—this is my look, the one that made me a star. Breathing still perfect. Anatoly looks great; my kids all have big smiles on their faces. Suddenly Anatoly’s two youngest, Kara and Boris, break free and head for the exit at the side of the church; Anatoly scoops them up and hands them to my two eldest, Kim and Jude; we’re ok; things still looking good.
“Nervous dear?”
I ignore the question, and give a shy cute smile, which is another famous look of mine. God I hope someone got a picture of that one. This walk will be the only really good chance to get a shot of me, as there are to be no pictures of us at the altar—the goddamn Bishop has forbidden it. The more I think of that man the angrier I get. No pictures. Unbelievable.
Half way there and I’m thunderstruck; the altar looks magnificent; the roses are truly beautiful. I love roses more than most people love breathing. I mean roses touch my soul. A tear slides down my cheek, but I don’t dare wipe it—hopefully it’ll just evaporate. Three squares per stride. Still breathing. Anatoly’s looking great. He appears a bit uncomfortable, likely due to the attention that will shortly focus on the both of us.
“Good luck sweetheart”
The knight gives me a peck on the cheek, and I squeeze his hand in appreciation; we’ve arrived. I give Anatoly a smile, and throw a quick wink to the children. We wait. I try not to look at the roses because I know I’ll tear up. Finally, Aloysius M James comes through a door at the back of the altar and makes his way towards us. He’s got the traditional robes on; his expression isn’t warm or loving. He stops in front of us.
“I’m afraid we have a problem,” the bishop says sternly. “These roses can’t stay here. This ceremony will not happen as long as these roses are on this altar.”
Anatoly looks at me as I turn toward the bishop. “You goddamn fu . . .”

Anatoly Smyslov looked at his opponent, and then back down at the board. He swiftly took his queen from the square beside his king knight and placed it on the square in front of his opponent’s bishop. His pawn structure wasn’t what he would have liked; two in particular were in strategically poor positions, and he had given serious thought to moving them, but for the time being he needed to take a run at that bishop. His opponents’ bishop play was particularly strong.
The Tryst
Lamar Gordon heard the familiar sound of tiny footsteps through the thin veneer of his sleep. They got louder, as he knew they would, but they still suggested a rather small perpetrator; a small deer perhaps. He knew that in a moment the door to the bedroom would swing open, and he’d be face to face with the interrupter of his sleep—the one with the doe like prance.
The door opened.
“Hello Josh,” Lamar said, not bothering to open his eyes, but knowing his son was standing in the doorway, eyes wide, a ferny mop of blonde hair contrasting against his purple pajamas; like something Jim Henson might have come up with.
“Hello Daddy.”
Lamar forced his tired eyes open. “Have a bad dream?”
“Yeah, I was . . . and then . . . and it was.”
“Slow down Josh,” Lamar tried to say; his mouth was dry and he had more mouthed the words than spoken them. He cleared his throat, a slight tinge of pain suggesting a cold was coming on. “What was the dream about?”
“A Spider,” the youngster said, examining his toes
“A rather large one I’m guessing,” Lamar said, sitting now on the edge of the bed, rubbing his eyes.
“Yeah, gigantic,” Josh said, using a word Lamar had never heard him say before. The youngster looked up at his father, his mother’s beautiful eyes wide with fright.
“Alright, in you get,” Lamar said, holding the blankets up. Josh dove into the space beside his mother.
As he turned to cover his son with the warmth of a down comforter, Lamar glanced first at his sleeping wife and then at the bedside clock; it was half past one in the morning, officially the last Friday of the month. It was their night, he and his wife Laura’s, a night they’d spend like they had all the other last Friday’s—alone in their secret place.
Lamar looked down at her, her gentle features and long lashes resting peacefully on her pillow, a few age lines here and there adding character more than anything else. He longed for the days of their youth when they’d frantically explore each other’s bodies in the half hour intervals they’d steal from the world—between classes, parked somewhere, on a couch with trusting parents sleeping a floor above. Their lives were more complicated now; the boys, jobs, a mortgage, credit cards. Each day seemed to be a loose collection of unorganized, frantic episodes, each leading into the next; from nightmares, to diapers, to work, to dinner, to scrapes and bruises, to the emergency ward, and back again.
There was no doubting that it was a happy life; Lamar and Laura filled in the gaps in their frantic schedule with love, respect and the occasional bout of blissful joy, but deep down inside, somewhere where Lamar stored his more provocative memories, there was a wanting, a desire to relinquish the handcuffs of responsibility for just one brief period. 
Tonight they’d satisfy a longing which had grown in them for the last month—since the last time. Lamar pulled the covers up over Josh and nestled his own head down onto his cold crisp pillow. After a few moments he was asleep, visions of their tryst dancing in his head.

Laura Gordon was woken up by the cry of a baby, her baby. Young Rory was four months old and was clearly headed towards a career in opera; he was that loud, although Laura never slept very deep; she wondered if any mother’s did. She jumped out of bed, instinct allowing her to find her way to the door, paused for a moment at the threshold and glanced back at the bed, the cadence of two breathing patterns catching her attention. She smiled as she realized that Josh was nestled in beside his dad. There had obviously been a bad dream of some sort: dragons or bees or spiders she thought . . . and large. She was surprised she had slept through the exchange that had obviously transpired between her husband and her son, and tried to step lightly as she left the room, not wanting to wake Lamar again. It was fair, she supposed, given that Lamar had to work in the morning—she handled feedings, Lamar handled nightmares.
She fed the little critter, burped him, rocked him for a while till he went off to sleep, and then made her way back to her bedroom. She tiptoed around to her side of the bed and delicately slid under the covers, not waking anyone. Before she closed her eyes, she took a quick glance at the bedside clock. Half past three. She turned onto her side and took one leg out from under the blankets, tucked a pillow under her arm, placed her head softly on another, shut her eyes and thought happy thoughts; it was the last Friday of the month. She and Lamar would begin a decadent evening in just fifteen short hours. She closed her eyes and then ever so slowly a smile tugged at the corners of her mouth.

The clock radio came to life at five thirty; someone named Bobcat was engaged in a self-deprecating rant about his single status, obviously trying to gently urge his audience to wake up. Normally Lamar would lounge in bed for half an hour, trying to squeeze a few more seconds of rest out of his weary body, but on this morning someone was crying. He glanced to his left and took stock, Laura was asleep, a few tuffs of blonde hair peeking out of the blankets beside him confirmed Josh’s presence in the spider free haven of their bed, and that left the little one—a diaper change was no doubt in the offing.
Lamar dragged his aching, tired body out of bed, and stood; he took a moment to make sure he wasn’t going to pass out, flicked a button on the radio cutting Bobcat off in mid utterance, and then headed down the hall, his eyes barely open, but the stench of his youngest son allowing him to track to the source. He changed the diaper, thanked God and several saints when the baby went back down to sleep in his crib, and hopped in the shower.  
The hot water brought Lamar’s senses alive, and it only took a moment before he remembered that it was the last Friday of the month. He smiled to himself and wondered how on earth he had forgotten; this was not a day to be forgotten. He wondered if Laura was aware of the day. Had she known yesterday? It had become their little tradition to not mention anything in the days leading up to it. He’d be at the office by seven thirty; he’d call the motel then.

Laura’s internal alarm clock ensured she awoke at seven o’clock, as Lamar closed the front door behind him. She had actually awoken when the alarm had gone off at five thirty, and had drifted in and out of a light sleep in the ensuing hour and a half.  She was tired, there was no denying that, but she’d somehow find the energy she needed to get through the day; she always did. The decadent delight that she’d share with her husband later that night was enough to motivate her.
The little one was crying and needed to be fed, so Laura got up and headed down the hall. On the way, she peeked into Josh’s room, remembering as she did that he wasn’t there; she turned back towards her room, and yelled “Josh, time to get up for daycare.” He didn’t. She entered the baby’s room, and grabbed him out of his crib, nuzzling him against her chest until he stopped crying, yelled to Josh again, and then headed downstairs, her body aching, near exhaustion, but mindful of the lustful prize on the horizon.

As soon as he got to work, Lamar scurried into an empty meeting room, grabbed the phone from the middle of the table, and accessed an outside line. It was seven thirty and past experience told him that he’d get a live voice on the other end of the line. The conversation he was about to have would need to be private; there was no sense testing the nosiness of coworkers, either over or through the porous walls of his cubicle. He took a small piece of paper out of his shirt pocket and dialed the phone number on it; only needing to glance at the number to have it re-emerge from his memory.
“Clarksville Motel,” a raspy voiced middle aged woman answered.
“Yes, it’s Lamar Gordon calling, just wanted to confirm that my room is still available for tonight,” he said and glanced nervously at the closed meeting room door.
There was a pause, and Lamar could hear some papers being rummaged around on the other end of the line. “Yes Mr. Gordon, your normal room will be ready. Now, you . . . only take the half day right?”
“Well half night really,” Lamar said, annoyed that he had to re-explain his unique arrangement every time he called.
“Sounds like you’ll be getting up to no good,” the raspy voiced lady said, losing control of a phlegm riddled laugh which turned into a coughing fit.
“Hmm . . . thanks,” Lamar said and glanced back again at the meeting room door. “We’ll be there to check in at seven.” He hung up and scurried back to his cubicle. Everything was set. From experience, he knew that the rest of the day would drag. God, he had waited a month for this day. 

Laura Gordon was dealing with the day’s first crisis; Josh had convinced himself that the gigantic spider from the previous night had likely, along with several thousand relatives, invaded his day care and was waiting there for him, hidden in the washroom or the coat closet or some other dark place. He wasn’t going to day care—not today. Laura tried several angles, some based on the rationale thought which went hand in hand with good solid parenting, others relying more on bribery and deception, but it was no use, Josh was staying home. This didn’t represent a huge problem, Laura wasn’t working, and they had put Josh in day care more so he could get some interaction with other kids than for any other reason, but secretly, Laura had been hoping for a bit of rest today. She loved her son obviously, but the two hours of solitude when the little one was napping, and Josh was at day care were truly golden hours, to be savored and enjoyed. No matter, Laura thought to herself, ten more hours and she’d be alone with Lamar, a baby sitter minding the boys. Ten more hours and Laura could scratch an itch that she had been carrying for a month.

It was early afternoon and Lamar was sitting in a meeting with six other people. It was one of those meetings that he needed to be seen at, but would actually get no value from attending. He dutifully stared down at the papers in front of him as if they held all the secrets. His mind was focused on his wife, the image of her sleeping head nestled into her pillow, her delicate facial features giving way to a supple neck, her chest heaving slightly in rhythm with her breathing.
“Lamar.”
Lamar heard his name, and his focus snapped back to the present. He had no idea of the context with which his name had been used; whether he had been asked a question or not. He looked up and nobody seemed to be looking at him. The woman beside him, whose name he couldn’t remember, began to speak and he appeared to be safe. He tried to stay focused on the meeting but within minutes, his tired mind was back in bed with his wife. And then in an instant he snapped back to the present again. Had Laura called Meghan? Had she remembered? He’d call Meghan after the meeting to confirm that she’d be at their place at six to baby sit the boys.

Four o’clock and Laura was catching her second wind. It was downhill from this point; two hours and they’d be kissing the boys goodbye and heading out to the motel. She mustered energy that she didn’t actually have and became a whirlwind of diaper changes, vacuuming, cookie baking and spider hunting. Somehow she had found time during the day to pack their bag. A single bag for both of them which sat inside the front door. It held everything they’d need and would at least minimize the embarrassment at the motel. She was sure that they were the talk of the motel office, checking in for five hours and all, but at least the bag would allow a somewhat dignified arrival. Her mind flashed back to the moment when the alarm had gone off earlier that morning . . . she had made it. She was tired, achy and sore, but she had made it through the day. Lamar would be home any minute.
Lamar burst through the door at a couple of minutes after six and wrapped his arms around his wife. She smelled wonderful. He stepped back and looked deep into her eyes.  “Are you set?” he asked.
“Yeah, did you eat something?”
“Yeah, ate something around four, you?”
“I’m fine, I’ve eaten.”
“Is Meghan here?”
“Yep.”
He kissed her deeply and held her tight. Her body fitting perfectly into his arms. He took his shoes off, ran into the kitchen and down the stairs to the basement, kissed each of the boys, said hello and goodbye to Meghan and ran back upstairs, jumped into his shoes, grabbed his wife’s hand and led her to the car.

The Clarksville Motel was located on the outskirts of their little suburban domain, five minutes into the green solitude of the country. It was good to get away from the burger joints and the strip malls and the little box buildings with their energizer inhabitants going through the mindless motions of everyday life. There was something ageless about seventh line, the strip of two lane highway which led to Clarksville; there was the old Gator Drive In, where Laura and Lamar had spent many nights and seen very few movies, the Five Star driving range where they had had their first date, both of them nervously slicing golf balls into the black night, and then making our furiously in the parking lot, and Trendle Nurseries, the site of their worst fight—Laura eventually driving off, leaving Lamar stranded in the parking lot, two hibiscus bushes at his feet.
They didn’t say much to each other during the drive; it was always this way, both of them content and secure enough in their relationship to avoid the aggravation of unnecessary small talk.  
They pulled into the Clarksville Motel parking lot; it was an L shaped building and they parked at the side, at the bottom of the L, and made their way back to the office. Lamar opened the door, Laura stalled, not taking the initiative to walk through and stuck a solitary finger out signaling Lamar in ahead of her. A tired old spaniel got up and moseyed out the door in the instance it was opened, as if he had been waiting for his moment to escape. There was a desk in front of them, a door to another room behind it. They were alone. Lamar reached out and dropped a finger on the bell, the lone object on the desk. The raspy voiced lady appeared in unison with the injured sound of the bell, a coincidence which fraudulently hinted at efficiency.
“Good evening,” she said, glancing up over the bifocals resting on her nose.
“Hello, I’m Lamar Gordon.”
“Yes, we spoke this morning Mr. Gordon,” she said, her chin still down, her eyes wide and avoiding the glass ovals perched on her pudgy fat nose.
“Here’s my credit card,” Lamar said reaching out with his little plastic life line.
The woman took the card and examined it. “Are you sure you want to pay by credit card?” she said, glancing at Laura, “you usually pay cash don’t you?”
“Yeah, but you take credit cards don’t you. I mean you have the little sticker things on the door.”      
“Oh, yes Mr. Gordon,” she said smiling broadly now, the glasses off and in her hand. “We take credit cards but are you sure that you want to use a credit card?”
“Sure, why not?”
“Well, they do send these little statements to the house. Some of our customers want to avoid that if you know what I mean,” she said, her tone condescending.
The obvious slowly dawned on Lamar and Laura. “We’re married,” Laura said, more than a hint of annoyance in her voice. Lamar nodded, and put his hands in his pockets.
“Ah right, sorry,” the raspy voiced woman said, her voice void of belief. “Angel,” she called into the other room. A thin blonde girl, cigarette hanging out of her mouth, a tattoo of a rose adorning the left side of her neck ambled out. The hair wasn’t blonde at the roots and her heavy eye makeup might have been exaggerated on purpose—it was hard to tell.  
Lamar gave the girl a thin lipped smile.
“Angel, can you put the credit card charge through. Now this is Mr. and Mrs. Gordon; their married apparently, and they’d like to stay with us for . . . five hours is that right Mr. Gordon,” she said and looked at Lamar.
Lamar thought about putting this woman in her place. She was grating on his nerves with her phlegm and her trashy little Angel and her amusement at their awkwardness. What ever happened to discretion? Weren’t these places supposed to be good at this type of thing? Wasn’t it their bread and butter? People didn’t actually come to these places and spend the entire night did they? He looked at Laura who he knew was angry, but was also, like him, past caring, and then slowly nodded in Angel’s direction.
Angel proved to be very efficient with the credit card and they were done in a moment. Her thin pale hand reached out with a key; he took it, avoiding any contact, and they were off. As they left through the door, one last raspy grenade was thrown their way. “Good luck honey,” the older woman said to Laura. Laura didn’t turn back.
 
Lamar closed the motel room door behind them. Checking in had been as awkward as it always was. But neither of them cared now. Lamar turned toward his wife.
“Finally,” he said and moved towards her. They kissed in the centre of the room. “You get changed in the washroom. Let me take my things out of the bag,” he said. Lamar reached into the bag and took his things out. Laura disappeared into the washroom.
She emerged, several minutes later, warm flannel pajamas covering her from head to toe, her hair up, makeup removed. Lamar was in a t-shirt and underwear, a sleeping mask on his forehead not yet covering his eyes. He turned out the lights and they climbed into bed. He dropped his mask over his eyes and spooned his wife, nuzzling his face into her neck and wrapping his arms around her. Laura placed her hands on Lamar’s and they settled in . . . for five hours of beautiful, uninterrupted sleep. 

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, please leave me a review at your favourite retailer.

Thanks!
Timothy Quinlan
About Timothy Quinlan
Timothy Quinlan is a Canadian author who lives in Oakville, Ontario with his wife and two sons. Rumours & Lies is a collection of short stories inspired by a lifetime of parenting, loving, working, and finding the humour and irony in most things he experiences. He is currently working on a second book of short stories that will be available by the end of 2014.
