 
Keeping Mum
Episode One
by Perrin Briar

Table of Contents

Table of Contents
Saturday
Sunday
Monday
Want To Know What Happens Next?
Be Kind, Review
Other Books By Briar
Was It Good For You?
About The Author
Copyright Page





Saturday

1.
“Next we have Peter Loveridge,” Paul the casting director said.
Peter poked his head into the room and sauntered in. He was six feet tall with mousey brown hair and matching eyes. He was not devastatingly handsome, nor did he have the perfect physique. His power lay in how he moved, his natural grace attracting the eye. It was said that whenever the greatest Hollywood personas entered a room, everyone turned to look at them. Paul believed Peter was one of those people.
“Please take a seat, Peter,” Paul said, touching his perfectly manicured nails to his lips.
Paul was known in the theatre business as ‘the silver fox’, not only for the regal tone of his hair but the cunning he displayed in reaching the heights of the theatrical casting scene from a young age. He was now in his forties and had hit his second wind, helping produce titles synonymous with quality.
“Thank you,” Peter said.
“State your name,” Paul said.
“Peter Loveridge.”
“Age?”
“Twenty-eight.”
Paul consulted Peter’s portfolio. “I see here you attended RADA.”
“Yes, sir.”
“How did you find it?”
“Educational.”
The assembled chuckled, the sound bouncing off the oak floors and marble walls.
“I should hope so,” Paul said. “And I see you played the lead role of Hamlet – the performance of that year.”
“That’s right.”
“You’ve also performed in various other theatres – the Globe, Royal Court, even a short stint at the National. How is it you aren’t a household name, Peter?”
“I’ve been waiting for the right opportunity.”
Paul’s eyes shone. “Hopefully that will be today. We’ve contacted your references and they all vouch for your hard work, dedication and reliability.”
“I see my bribes paid off.”
Paul laughed. “I’m going to be honest with you, Peter. We like you. We think you’d be perfect for the main role of a new TV show we’re developing. It’s called Keeping Mum and is scheduled for an early autumn slot. How does that sound?”
“Sounds great!”
“Good. There’s just one little test we have to perform. It’s nothing overly taxing. A screen test. Have you ever taken one before?”
“No.”
“Right. Well, your role will involve you dressing up as a woman. Are you okay with that?”
“Sure.”
“What we’d like is for you to read this script and show us how you’d approach the female role. I’ll read the girlfriend’s lines. Before we begin, do you have any questions?”
“Yes. How old is the character?”
“The mother is in her late fifties.”
“Social background?”
“At the moment we’re thinking working class, but that’s subject to change.”
“Okay. And what’s the history of the scene?”
“Didn’t I say? Oh, I’m sorry. It’s all these long days. During this episode your girlfriend discovers you like dressing up in your mother’s clothes. This is the scene where she confronts you.”
“Intense.”
“It’s the climax of the series. Any other questions?”
“No.”
“Good. Let’s begin.” Paul turned to the cameraman. “Can we turn on the camera, please? Are you ready, Peter?”
Peter closed his eyes, breathed a few deep heavy breaths, opened his eyes again and nodded.
The casting director looked down at the script and affected a high voice. “Jason, I need to speak with you.”
Peter’s voice became slightly higher pitched and a little rough. “What about?”
“You know what about.”
“I’m sorry, babe. I couldn’t help it.”
“Stop there a moment, Peter.” Paul conferred with the director.
“We’re looking for a somewhat more feminine quality,” Paul Le Bleu said in his rich tones. “A little warmer. Can you do that?”
“Sure,” Peter said.
“Let’s go again,” Paul said. “Jason, I need to speak with you.”
Peter affected a slightly higher female voice. “What about?”
“You know what about.”
“I’m sorry, babe. I couldn’t help it.”
Paul held up a hand. “Thank you, Peter. That was… great.”
“If you want, I can do it again,” Peter said.
“No, that won’t be necessary.”
The director turned to Paul and whispered in his ear. Paul nodded and turned back to Peter. “Thank you for coming in today.”
“So, what happens now?” Peter asked.
“We’ll call you to let you know the outcome.”
Peter smiled. It didn’t touch his eyes. “Okay. Thank you for your time.”
Peter was shown the exit by a stagehand.
Paul shook his head and all but fell into his chair. A few icy droplets hit him on the back of the neck. “I was certain he was perfect for the role. You should have seen him on the Fringe last year.”
The director lit a cigarette and shrugged. “Sometimes these things just don’t work out.”
A drop of rain bounced off the windowsill, hit Paul’s neck and ran down the back of his collar. Paul shivered. He stood up and reached to close the window, but before he did, he chanced to glance outside.
A black cab, turn signals flashing, splashed through the puddles at the side of the road, the cobbled streets a haven for pools of water. A woman covering her head with a newspaper ran across the street. A short line of people lined up under the jutting roof of the Royal Court theatre to buy tickets. The doors opened and Peter Loveridge came out. Paul was once again struck by Peter’s commanding presence, as if the world warped and shifted around him. Peter stood stock still for a moment, letting the droplets tap his face as he looked up into the sky, and yelled, “Shit!”
He drew glances from the theatre patrons. A man walking his dog weaved crossed the street to avoid him.
“Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit!”
“Paul,” the director said, “are you ready to make a decision?”
Paul watched Peter shake his head and walk down the street, melting into the city.
“Yes,” Paul said. “I think I am.”
He pulled the window closed.

2.
La Belle was chic, hip, swank, in vogue and trendy according to all the local papers. The lights were turned down low the way they were in a French restaurant, and for good reason. The store manager – Raphael (not his real name – it was actually ‘Clive’, but it didn’t quite ring with the same nuance of high fashion) understood that his customers were in a relationship – not so much with fashion, but with themselves and the way they felt when they shopped. Tiny pools of clothing items drifted in a sea of emptiness on the shop floor. The store was restyled every season to accentuate the latest trends. This season celebrated minimalism. This was fine with Raphael as it meant charging a lot more for a lot less.
Raphael ran an eye over the shop floor. There weren’t a great deal of customers today, but then, there never were. His customers were the cream of the City. Only those wealthy enough to afford the finer things in life shopped at La Belle.
He stopped when he saw her. The gold dust of any business. A Regular. The Regular. Raphael puffed out his chest and headed toward her with his signature minced gait.
Miss Loveridge perused a rack with pursed lips. On one arm hung a bag from Chanel. With her free hand she dexterously slid one coat hanger back after another. She was elegant and poised, ethereal and shining: a beacon to those gnawing on the first rung of the socio-economic ladder. She was Hepburn incarnate, emitting class and sophistication with every delicate gesture.
“Miss Loveridge,” Raphael said. “What a pleasant surprise.”
“What have I told you, Raph? Call me Kate.” She turned back to the rack. “Don’t you have anything new, Raphael? I was under the impression the new season would arrive today.”
“Indeed. Right you are, Miss, uh, Kate. Unfortunately there was a delay at Dover. Strikes, I’m afraid. But we were able to smuggle out a few choice items for our more special customers.”
Kate smiled, dazzling him with a perfect set of pearly whites. “Lead the way.”
Raphael led her toward the back of the shop. “How is Mr. Loveridge these days? Busy?”
Kate scowled.
“I mean, Gerald.”
“He’s fine. On a business trip to Switzerland.”
“Ah.”
At the back of the shop were three short railings on wheels. Each had a sheet of paper with a name written on the front. Raphael removed the one with ‘MISS K. LOVERIDGE’ on it and unzipped the plastic covering.
“This,” Raphael said, puffing out his chest, “is next season’s line. We’ve been informed the remaining products will not hit the streets for another two weeks, giving you ample time to flaunt the finest clothing before anyone else.”
Kate shifted her Chanel bag onto one arm and pulled one hanger back after another. A frown creased her brow. Raphael began to perspire. She whizzed through them quickly – too quickly. He opened his mouth to speak, but found he had nothing to say. Kate’s hand froze. Her frown melted into a look of pure joy, like a mother gazing at her new born for the first time. Kate’s hand shook as her fingertips brushed the item of clothing, feeling the smooth silk of a sharp cocktail dress, the velvet ruffles of an ornate Italian blouse.
“These are gorgeous,” she said.
“Your husband will be pleased, will he not?” Raphael said.
Kate smiled her perfect smile. “Of course. He likes anything I wear… or don’t wear.”
“Oh!” Raphael suppressed girlish giggling with a flimsy hand. “You!”
“May I try it on?” Kate asked, a little breathless.
“Certainly. They are all in your size. Feel free to use the VIP room.” Raphael raised a hand and his most attractive assistant approached. “Victoria, this is Miss, uh, Kate. You are to assist her in the VIP room and aid her in any way she requires.”
Victoria, a six-foot beauty who belonged on a catwalk, nodded and pushed the rack through into the VIP changing room. Kate followed it like a moth to a flame.
“If you have any problems, do not hesitate to contact me,” Raphael said with a flourishing bow to her departing back.
Raphael called Fernando and spoke in his regular voice – several octaves lower than the one he presented to the customers. “Nando? Yes, she’s here. Pack your bags. We’re going on a cruise!”

3.
Toodles was a 1950s-style American diner. The shiny metallic material that wrapped around the counter and tabletops was meant to appear futuristic, but they had so many dents and knocks that everyone’s reflection looked something like the Elephant Man. Some of the black and white tiles had been replaced with mismatched colored ones. A rainbow-colored jukebox in the corner had all the hits: Buddy Holly, Elvis, Cliff Richard, anything that wasn’t released any later than the fifties. Right then Buddy was crooning about Peggy Sue.
Peter’s dark swarthy features were more at home in shadowed corners at an all-night bar, or in a 1920s ad for cigarettes, than his pseudo Fab Fifties surroundings. But he felt comfortable, and to him that was all that mattered. He sat reading a newspaper, not taking in a word. He looked up at the retro Mickey Mouse clock that hung beside the TV screen playing Grease. It was ten past one.
“She late again, huh?” Tracy said. “Coffee?”
“Please,” Peter said. “You know what she’s like. Never on time.”
“Some people never change.”
Tracy was certainly an example of that. She had been waitressing at the restaurant for more than ten years, and not once changed her hairstyle: a Mae West curl with none of the finesse.
The door opened with a little ring. Kate cast about the restaurant until her eyes fell on Peter.
“Here she is,” Tracy said.
“Finally,” Peter said.
Kate headed over and dumped her shopping bags onto the seat. She wore a silk halter top and black skinny jeans. She took her Ray-Ban sunglasses off and perched them on the top of her head. “Sorry I’m late.”
“No you’re not, otherwise you wouldn’t be late.” Peter folded his paper and set it on the table.
Kate removed her silk scarf. “Somebody’s in a good mood.”
“Good morning, Kate,” Tracy said. “Pancakes? Coffee?”
“Yes please, Tracy.” Kate slid into the booth. Her phone rang. She looked at the caller ID and hung up.
Peter gestured to her phone. “Friend of yours?”
Kate shook her head. “Sales calls. Why don’t they find something better to do with their lives?”
Peter arched an eyebrow.
“What?”
“Nothing. What’s in the bags? They look expensive.”
“Oh, you know,” Kate said, eyes shining with unconcealed excitement. “This and that.”
Peter prodded his back teeth with his tongue, eyeing the bags as if they were a coiled cobra. He took a sip of coffee.
“So, how’d the audition go?”
“I didn’t get the part.” Peter hung his head. “I thought this was the one, sis. I really did. I could almost touch it, it was so close.”
“There’ll be other parts.”
“That’s it? Those are your words of wisdom? Your words of comfort? ‘There’ll be other parts’?”
“Don’t get pissed at me! It’s your fault you choked! There’s always next time.”
“That’s the problem. There is always a next time. When’s my time?”
Kate reached over and cupped her hands over his. “Don’t worry, your time will come.”
“It’s been ten years.”
“You’ve had roles in that time.”
“Plays.”
“There’s nothing wrong with plays. Learn your craft and move on.”
“Ten years of craft learning kind of wears you down. I want to do something challenging.”
Tracy came over with Kate’s coffee.
“Thanks, Trace.” Kate tore open four packets of sugar and poured them into her cup. Her phone rang again. Kate checked the ID and again hung up. “Why did you choke, Pete?”
“They asked me to play a kind old woman. A mother figure.”
Kate flinched and sucked air through her teeth.
“Thanks for the vote of confidence. The flinch really makes me feel good. How can I imitate something I’ve never even seen before?”
“How bad was it?” 
“Imagine a gay Winston Churchill.”
“Oh dear.”
“Exactly.”
Kate chuckled. “Not the most feminine character in history.
Kate’s phone rang again. She sighed with agitation and ended the call without looking at the ID.
“They sure are tenacious,” Peter said.
“Anything to get what they want. So, these theatre people told you you didn’t get the part?”
“They said they’ll ring me.”
“There you go! That’s the silver lining we were looking for! It’s not one hundred per cent you didn’t get the part yet.”
“Didn’t you hear what I said? I played a gay Winston Churchill.”
Kate shrugged. “Maybe that was what they were looking for.”
“Do you think that’s likely?” He held out his hand. “It was right here, sis. Opportunity. Right in my hand. Imagine having enough to actually be able to live and not have to rely on hand outs.”
“Mum’s early inheritance money is hardly a hand out.”
Peter shrugged. “It’s still money I didn’t earn. My lecturer used to say, ‘If you keep working hard, and you don’t give up, then one day your time will come.’”
“Always look on the bright side of life, isn’t that what they say?”
Peter leaned forward. “Supposing you knew your day was fifty years from now, would you still bother trying?”
“God, no. I might be dead by then. Better to be average at something than to maybe be successful later.”
Peter leaned his head on his palm. “The hardest part is not knowing.”
“Sometimes I wonder if we’re really gypsies,” Kate said. “We should be naturally gifted with reading a crystal ball.” She waved her hands over her cup of coffee, peering into her reflection. “I see… I see a bright future. You’re on the TV. And you’re famous. Ooooo!”
“Haha.”
“That’s what makes life so exciting though, isn’t it? Not knowing the plan Fate has for you?”
“Exciting? Depressing more like.”
Tracy came over with a huge pile of pancakes. “Bon apetit.”
“Thanks Tracy,” Kate said. She turned to Peter. “Do you want some of this?”
“I already ate.”
“Maybe you just need more experience with auditions.”
Peter shook his head. “We studied them religiously in acting school. It’s all about luck now, and I don’t have a jot of it.” He sighed. “Anyway, never mind me, how are things with you?”
Kate shrugged and spoke through a mouthful of pancakes. “Can’t complain.”
There was a pause as she chewed.
“How’s Gerald?” Peter asked.
“He’s fine,” Kate said. “You know what day it is, don’t you?”
“Uh, Friday?”
“Duh. Keep going.”
“March.”
“March, what?”
“Twenty-second.”
Kate raised an eyebrow, an expectant look on her face.
“So?” Peter said.
“So, the seven years are almost up.” She grinned, chewing on a particularly large chunk of pancake drenched in syrup.
Peter frowned. “No… It can’t be. Has it really been that long already?”
“Yep.”
Peter let his head fall forward onto the tabletop. “What have I done with my life?”
“Forget about that,” Kate said. “Think of what the seven years means. Freedom. The trust money will be ours. I think we should celebrate.”
“Don’t count your chickens,” Peter said, consulting his smartphone calendar. “It’s not seven years yet. There’s, what, a week left.”
Kate waved her knife. “Eight days. And eight days are nothing. She’s lived this long, another week will be easy. We’re on the home straight!”
Peter and Kate knocked on wood.
“And then what?’ Peter said. “Stop seeing her?”
“Not stop. See less, maybe.”
“We only see her once a month as it is.”
“And that’s too often. I might move into a bigger flat.”
“Bigger? What for? The one you’ve got is already too big for you.”
“I need more wardrobe space.”
Peter eyed the shopping bags. “At least wait until next week.”
“Oh, all right. Mr. Worry Wart. Can you believe some kids see their parents every day?” Kate shuddered. “Maniacs.”
“Not necessarily. They have different parents, remember.”
“A loving home,” Kate said, twisting her hair in her fingers. “Imagine what that must be like.”
“We can dream. Hang on…” Peter checked his calendar. “It’s your turn to see her this weekend, isn’t it?”
Kate froze, the pancake-laden fork halfway to her mouth. “Don’t even joke.”
“It is. I swear. Look. It’s written here, see?”
“No…” Kate said, dropping the fork, letting it clatter to the plate. She took the calendar from him and whizzed backward a month.
“See? It is!”
“I’ve got plans this weekend!”
“Too bad.”
“Pete. Come on.”
“What?”
“Do this for me.”
“What? No! It’s your turn. Those are the rules.”
“I’ve got things to do.”
“Shopping? I don’t exactly call that a plan.”
“Please Pete. I’ll love you for ever and always.”
“You will anyway.”
“Pete,” Kate said, scowling.
Peter shook his head, a smile on his face. “I’m not going. I went last month. It’s your turn to listen to how you’re doing the wrong job and how you should settle down and all the rest of it.”
“Consider yourself lucky you don’t have a pair of ovaries you’re not putting to good use.”
Peter laughed. “That’s true. I’ll never get my head around how women have to spend so much of their time worrying about physical problems.”
“Maybe you should. That way you’ll be able to get those female characters you want to play so much.”
“You’ve got to go,” Peter said. “You know how much Mum loves your visits.”
Kate rolled her eyes. “Yeah, right.”
Peter eyed the pancakes. “Are you going to eat those?”
“What are they worth?”
Peter picked up the menu. “According to the menu…”
“I meant to you. If you eat them, will you go to Mum’s?”
“Don’t be stupid. And don’t forget – this is the last week. After this you won’t have to see her again till Christmas.”
“Christmas is too close. How about her birthday?” She shook her head and picked her fork up again. “Our mum. She’ll never go easy on us, will she?”
“That’s not her job. Her job is to make life as difficult as she possibly can.”
“She did give us all her money…”
“So the government wouldn’t get it! There was no altruism attached to her motives.”
Kate smiled. “She’s a rare woman.”
“You can say that again.”
“She’s a rare woman.”

4.
Kate pulled into the parking lot listening to a self-motivation tape. “Today’s the day,” Kate said to herself. “Today is the day.”
She parked in an empty space and checked her make-up in the rear view mirror. She glanced at the clock. 8:55am. She waited a few minutes, watching the traffic edge its way into town. Once the clock said a few minutes past nine, she got out, crossed the road and entered a building designed in the cubist style. It was grey, square and ugly. For some unbeknownst reason the windows had been built into recesses that cloaked them in shadow, darkening an already oppressive space.
Kate made her way down the corridor and checked herself out in the reflective mirrors. She wore the yellow silk Italian blouse she bought at La Belle, black professional pants and Jimmy Choos. She chastised herself for choosing the pants over the pencil skirt. She considered turning round and going back home to change, and then thought better of it.
She swiped her card through the security box and pushed open the heavy door. There were rows upon rows of identical cubicles. Employees with headsets on tapped at keyboards and spoke in muffled tones. ‘Double the glazing, double the fun!’ was written on a stained whiteboard. Kate nodded to the few people she knew.
“Hi, Late Kate,” Lee said.
Lee grinned from beneath his thick plastic frames that made his eyes appear small as black-eyed peas. His fingers were fat sausages cupping his coffee between thumb and forefinger, pinky raised at a forty-five degree angle.
“Thanks, Lee,” Kate said. “But you’re hardly employee of the month standing there with your coffee, huh?”
“Doesn’t matter. I’m still here and accounted for. What’ll your excuse be today, I wonder? Car problems? Family issues?”
“Traffic.”
“Traffic! Classic. Why didn’t I think you’d use that?”
“Well, I did,” Maureen said, ambling over. With Maureen’s shape, the only form of movement she was capable of was ambling. Everything she owned was at least four sizes too small. Kate didn’t know if that was because she hadn’t changed her wardrobe since she was eighteen or because she still believed she was a size ten.
Lee frowned. “Then why didn’t you say it?”
“You don’t blurt out the right answer without due consideration,” Maureen said.
“Due consideration of what? Not knowing?”
Kate rolled her eyes. “Thanks for the input, guys.”
Kate went to her cubicle. She put her Gucci bag on her desk and unwound her scarf. Her desk was devoid of photos or mementos. A single sharpened pencil sat to the right of her mouse.
“Kate, my office, please.”
Kate peered over her cubicle wall at the frowning man with wavy blonde hair and shiny blue eyes standing in his office doorway. His shirt was unbuttoned to reveal a white undershirt, a few dark wispy hairs clinging to the top of it like a life preserver.
Kate kept her eyes facing the floor as she approached Mr. Staples’ office. “Today is the day,” she whispered to herself under her breath. “Today is the day.”
The office was small with barely enough room for them both to stand in. As Mr. Staples closed the door Kate got a nose full of his masculine scent. Kate made balls with her fists and refused to watch his shapely behind as he moved around his desk and sat in his swivel chair. It squeaked. He rested his chin on his interlocked fingers. She felt his blue ice eyes drill into her. She shivered. Kate straightened her back and pushed out her breasts the way all the supermodels did. Mr. Staples gave no indication as to whether he noticed her curves or not. His eyes never left her face.
Mr. Staples kept his voice low – the office walls were notoriously thinner than paper. “How many times are we going to have this conversation, Kate?”
Kate’s resolve broke. She slouched and peeled the skin from her fingers.
“You need to arrive on time. It’s not fair on all the other employees to see you swanning in late. As you know, our policy is to dock half a day’s vacation for each time an employee is late. You’ve already used up all your holidays. I don’t want to start docking your wages. You’re a good saleswoman, Kate. Your sales are up there with the best of them, but you need to get to work on time from now on, okay?”
“Yes, Mr. Staples.”
“Don’t call me that. You make me feel like an old man.” He smiled, and his face was transformed. The entire office seemed to glow with an intense happy light. Kate smiled back, feeling her own smile a spark to his inferno.
“What kind of policy do we have here, Kate?”
“An informal one, Mr. Staples. I mean, Gerald.”
“Was there anything else?” Gerald asked.
“Yes sir,” Kate said. “Just this.” She tore off her dress and threw it on the floor. She leapt onto his desk and pressed her lips against his. He responded with equal passion. She ran her fingers through his hair. He gripped her tight and lay her down on the desk and-
“Kate?” Gerald said. “I said I don’t want to have this conversation again, is that clear?”
Kate blinked. She was stood before the desk. She blushed.
“I said is that clear?”
“Yes, sir. Perfectly clear.”
“Good. Get back to your desk.”
Kate left the office and closed the door behind her. “Damn it! I knew I should have worn the pencil skirt.”

5.
Kate pulled her car over to the side of the road, tires kicking up dirt. The driver in the car behind flashed his lights, honked his horn, and shouted something aggressive as he sped past. She leaned her head on the steering wheel and exhaled. She looked out the windshield at the grey sky.
“Please God, be merciful. Let me have an accident. Nothing too serious. Just a slight dent in the side panel. I swear I’ll make it up to you. Please.”
She let her head fall forward onto the steering wheel. The horn blared in one unbroken note. She shook her head and looked up at the clouds again.
“I’ll remember this. No mass, ever. You’ve brought this on yourself, mate.”
Kate put the car into first and pulled back onto the road. Her stomach tightened as the warm grey tarmac gave way to the dirty green of nature. She wound her way through the B-roads that crisscrossed the countryside like arteries on an athlete’s arm. She came to the bypass that wrapped around the village of Buntford.
Kate slowed down and indicated to turn into a narrow gap that was buttressed on either side by a leafy hedge. She pulled onto the large gravel driveway. One other car was present – her parent’s forty-year-old Ford Anglia. The sun had baked the first few layers of paint off it. Bird shit caked the top like sprinkles on an ice cream cone. It sat hobbled on wooden blocks, preventing it from escaping.
Kate picked up her phone from the passenger seat. It said, ‘12 Missed Calls’. She left her phone on the seat and got out of her Mercedes. She immediately stepped her Jimmy Choos into a cowpat.
“For God’s sake!”
She walked over to the grass verge and wiped her feet, performing a dirty version of the moonwalk.
“Good evening.”
Kate half leapt out of her skin.
It was Albert – his mother’s seventy-three-year-old neighbor. The immediate thing that leapt out about Albert was his thick bushy moustache and sideburns. For some unknown reason he’d had the wisdom to grow facial hair that made him look like a hairy ass turned sideways.
“Hey, Albert.”
“Come to visit your mum, ay?” Albert said as he clipped at the hedgerow with a pair of shears.
“Something like that.”
“She loves your visits, you know. Highlight of her week, or month, or however often you come. Shame it’s not more often, really. But I suppose you must be busy down there in the big city.”
“It’s crazy down there.”
“Maybe I ought to pop down there one of these days. You could show me around.”
“Yeah… But it’s pretty dangerous down in London. Ordinarily I wear a bullet-proof vest to walk to work in.”
“You don’t say. It does look a bit hairy on the news.”
“It is hairy. Mega hairy. Stay here, it’s better for you.”
“Will do. Thanks for the warning.”
“No worries. I’d better go inside. Mum’ll be wondering where I am.”
“Say no more.”
Albert’s moustache pointed upwards – usually a sign he was smiling – and got back to snipping the hedge lining both properties.
The trailer sat on five acres of its own land, and was surrounded in most directions by yet more fields and woods. The trailer was a twin unit, essentially a bungalow on wheels. It had sat in one place for so long nature had begun to reclaim it. Spanish moss hung from the left hand side and stretched all the way round to the front door, hanging low and concealing the wheels beneath. Any time the wind blew strong and managed to filter through the natural barriers on every side of the property, the trailer rocked and groaned in a pained voice.
Kate knocked on the door. She ran a hand through her hair and checked her makeup in the glass. Kate knocked again. She leaned over and peered in through a window. Lace curtains obscured much of the interior, but the place looked empty. Kate tried the door, but it was locked. She knocked on the glass with the flat of her hand.
“Mum? Bloody hell. You come all this way…”
Kate moved toward the bedroom window. She cupped her hands over her eyes, went up on tiptoes and peered in through it. The bed was freshly made, not a crease on it.
Kate clicked her fingers, an idea struck. She moved around the trailer and onto the field behind it. There, stood against the soft twinkle of a brook that rolled off down into the wood, was a small patch of deep furrows draped with a net. Behind that, a short poly tunnel – a kind of greenhouse made with plastic instead of glass. The plastic had turned green with age.
Kate reached up into an apple tree. She took the fruit in her hand and checked its color. She bit into it as she approached the poly tunnel, careful for her Chimmy Choos to avoid the furrows.
“Mum?” she said, addressing the poly tunnel. “Mum, are you in there?”
Kate pulled the poly tunnel door open. The heat hit her in the face, and the smell of ripe tomatoes, peas and carrots filled her nostrils. There were plenty of plants and flowers, but no sign of her mother. Kate closed the door and brought the latch down.
She looked up at the top field where a tall twisted weeping willow sat, the swing their father had made hanging from a low bough. Kate returned to the driveway, hands on her hips.
“She’s gone.” She cocked her head to the side, a thought occurring to her. “She’s gone!”
Kate dropped the apple, ran, and jumped in her car.
The dashboard bleeped. The headlights came on, splashing the front of the trailer, illuminating the plant pots that sat in regimented lines along the paving slabs in front of the door. The car engine purred, sending soothing vibrations up her back and legs. Kate braced her arm on the passenger seat. The brake lights had turned the world red behind her. Kate’s resolve faltered. She considered for a moment.
She turned the car engine off, climbed out and dragged her feet to the paving. She bent down and lifted the flowerpots up. The key had grown encased in plant roots and she had to tear it free. She slid it into the lock and opened the door.
“Mum, it’s Kate. Are you there?”
The room was dark – not pitch, but shaded in hues of navy blue. The trailer felt cold.
Kate moved to the kitchenette and dumped her Gucci handbag on the breakfast bar that jutted out from the far wall. Her mum wouldn’t like it- “No bags on the table!” -but Kate was too angry to care. She took out her nail file and got to work.
There was a fluttering noise and a soft thump on the roof, then the scatter of nails across the metal surface. Kate shook her head. “Bloody birds.”
Kate’s eyes flicked up, for an instant catching something across the room. She looked back down at her nails.
She froze.
The temperature seemed to drop a further ten degrees. Goosebumps popped up all over her body. The nail file fell to the floor. The dove on the roof took flight.

6.
Peter stood facing himself in a full-length mirror. He shook off his hands and shoulders, limbering up, and closed his eyes. “Womanly. Think womanly thoughts. Come on. You can do this.”
He hit play on YouTube and Helen Mirren accepted her best actress award in 2007. She said, “All kids like to get gold stars and this is the biggest and best gold star that I have ever had in my life.”
Peter spoke in a high-pitched voice, mimicking Helen Mirren. “All kids like to get gold stars.” He stopped, shook his head, cleared his throat and tried another tone. “All kids like to get gold stars.”
On the video, Helen Mirren walked offstage, clutching her award.
Peter mimicked her feminine gait, watching himself in the mirror. The video ended, and Peter collapsed on his bed. He stared at the ceiling, at the crack that ran from the corner to the middle of the room. “Complete waste of time,” he said.
The phone rang. “Hello?”
“Peter? It’s me, Kate.”
Peter’s shoulder’s slumped. “I’m waiting for an important call, Kate. The audition people might call me.”
“I know, but this is more important.”
“To you everything is more important.”
“This really is.”
Peter sighed. “Go on, then. What’s up?”
“You’ve got to come over Mum’s. Like, now.”
“We went over this, Kate. It’s your turn.”
“No, it’s not that. It’s… something else.”
“What is it?”
“I can’t talk about it over the phone. Just come. Now.” Click.
Peter stared at his phone with a blank expression, growled deep in his throat and then threw his phone hard at his pillow. He took a deep breath, picked up his phone and called Kate back.
Halfway through the first ring, Kate answered.
“Are you on your way?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Just tell me what’s up.”
“I can’t.”
“Why not?’
“You’ll see when you get here.”
“I’ve got to travel for four hours just for you to tell me something?”
“Yes.”
Peter frowned.
“It’s important,” Kate said. “Please.”
Peter blinked. Please? “Kate, are you all right?”
“I’m fine. Just come.”
Click.
“I’m fine,” Peter said, mimicking a mock version of his sister’s voice. “Just come.”
Peter grabbed his backpack from the wardrobe and stuffed a few clothes with unnecessary force into it. “Just come over, Pete. You haven’t got anything better to do with your time. Just come over. It’ll be fun.”
Peter zipped up the bag and slung it over his shoulder. At the door, he looked back at his studio apartment. There was a small family photo on the dressing table. He fixed Kate with a glare.
“The most unreasonable creatures on the planet, and I’m supposed to act like one?” He slammed the door.

7.
Like all Norfolk villages, the sign depicted a historical effigy. Buntford’s had a strapping young man in dungarees with an axe, one foot resting on top of a felled log. His face had no defining features, but Peter always thought he looked smug, man having dominated nature.
Beneath the sign, a man waited with a puppy that watched each carriage as they drifted into the station. The puppy rose the moment the train stopped. The young woman sitting in the seat across from Peter ran onto the platform and embraced the whining pup. Peter finished the article he was reading in the paper, got up and stepped out onto the platform. He walked from the station and breathed in a deep lungful of clean country air. He looked to his left and right.
Peter called Kate, but she didn’t answer. He sent her a message: THE LEAST YOU COULD DO IS PICK ME UP FROM THE BLOODY STATION!
“Can I give you a lift, sir?” the taxi driver asked when Peter stepped out of the station. He wore a full suit with driving gloves, cap and shiny black shoes. He drove a beat-up Ford Escort.
“Yes, thank you,” Peter said.
“Can I take that for you, sir?” the taxi driver asked Peter, gesturing to his bag.
“I’ll be fine.”
“Very good, sir.”
The car weaved through the winding countryside roads. There were hedgehogs, foxes and pheasants. They were all dead in the road.
“First time in Buntford, sir?” the driver asked.
“Pat, we have this same conversation every time I come here.”
Pat’s brown eyes squinted at Peter in the rear view mirror. “We do?”
“Yes. And I tell you I grew up here, and come visit my mum every couple of months.”
“Right, right.” Pat nodded, though he didn’t sound convinced. “Will you be here long, sir?”
“That’s always your second question.”
“Right.”
Peter looked out the window. Moonlight bounced off a shimmering surface half-hidden by an outcrop of trees. Peter’s grip tightened on his seatbelt. He felt weak. A cold sweat slicked his forehead, back and neck. He shut his eyes and concentrated on counting his even breaths.
“There’s not much to do in these parts,” Pat said, waking Peter from his dream-like gaze. “As you’re new in town, you ought to check out the Red Rec.”
Peter sighed.
Pat dropped Peter off on his mother’s drive. Kate’s sporty Merc and the ever-present Ford Anglia were parked on the driveway.
“Hi Peter,” a voice said.
Peter turned to look at the spot in the hedge he knew the white tufty face would be. “Hi Albert.”
“How are things in the city?”
“Not bad, can’t complain. How’s Mum been?”
“Oh, you know,” Albert said with a smile. “The same as usual. The greatest people never do seem to change, do they?”
“Yeah… Right. Still tending to the village’s rogue gardens and vigilante hedges I see.”
“There’s little else for me to do with Elsie gone. If I can help out the village, I will. I’ve trimmed your mum’s ferns for years.”
“I’m sure she’s glad for the help. Well, I suppose I’d better go say hello to her. Have a good evening.”
“You too.” Albert’s face sunk back into the hedge.
Peter brushed aside the moss that hid the doorknocker, but before he even lifted it, the door opened.
“Okay, Kate,” Peter said. “What could possibly be so important that I had to come all this way to-”
Kate lunged forward and embraced him.
Peter stared down at his sister. “Kate, you’re scaring me.”
Kate pulled back. Peter was shocked by her appearance. She looked like she’d aged twenty years. Her eyes were wide and wild, her lips quivering. She pulled Peter inside, closed the door, and when she did, blocked out the only light in the room. The curtains were closed and the lights were turned off.
“What happened?” Peter said. “Did you get bitten by a vampire or something?”
“What?”
“Why are all the lights turned off?” He reached for a light switch.
“Don’t turn it on!”
“Why not?”
“I don’t want you to panic,” Kate said, on the brink of panic herself.
“Why would I panic? And what could you possibly have to tell me that you couldn’t have told me four hours ago on the phone?”
And then Peter noticed something. “Where’s Mum?”
Kate whimpered.
“Kate? Where is she?”
“That’s why I called you,” Kate said. “She’s dead.”

8.
“Proper dead dead? Or sleeping like the dead dead?”
“Proper dead.”
“I still don’t understand why you couldn’t have just told me over the phone. I would have come over anyway.”
“I… I don’t know,” Kate said. Her body was shaking. She hugged herself. “It was a shock, you know? No one ever expects to see their parents just lying there like that.”
“Which hospital is she in?”
“Hospital? I told you – she’s dead. Not a lot they can do with her now.”
“All right then, morgue. Whatever. Where is she?”
Kate bit her bottom lip. “Promise not to be mad.”
“Why would I be mad?”
“I didn’t call them yet.”
“Call who yet?”
“The morgue people.”
Peter frowned. “What are you talking about? You said Mum’s dead-” Peter paused, taking in the darkness of the room. “That’s why the lights are off isn’t it? She’s still here.”
He moved for the light switch.
“No, Peter. Don’t.”
He flicked the light on.
Forty-watt bulbs glowed like tinted suns, illuminating small orbs of worn rustic furniture. The fireplace, blocked for years, was black with soot. The furniture was mismatched and cobbled together. Stuffing hung from exposed innards. Royal Dalton china sat behind glass-fronted prisons. Peter’s attention was grabbed by none of it. In the rocking chair before the fire was a lumpy blanket. The throw rug covered only her head and torso. Her legs and arms poked out from the bottom and sides.
Peter turned to Kate, a nervous smile playing on his lips. “This is a joke.”
“What?”
Peter stalked about the room.
“What are you doing?”
“Looking for the cameras. You’re going to send this to You’ve Been Framed, right? Earn yourself a few hundred quid.”
“There’s no camera, Peter. This isn’t a joke.”
“Sure.” His eyes scrubbed the corners of the room.
“Peter, this is really happening.”
Peter turned back to the blanket. “So why’s Mum got a blanket on over her head?”
“I didn’t want her looking at me.”
A chill ran up Peter’s spine. “And I thought I was the actor of the family.” The quip lacked conviction. Peter reached for the blanket.
“Peter, wait. Don’t pull it off.”
He pulled it off.
Kate turned away, hand to her mouth.
Their mother had been an attractive woman, but the ravages of time were less kind to those who had lived tougher lives. In place of a warm homely demeanor some mothers had, their mother’s face was worn with frown lines. Now that her skin was a grey slate color, the wrinkles seemed even deeper. Her resemblance with Peter was remarkable. And considering he took after her, he could see the face he would have in the future. He wasn’t all that happy with it, but there wasn’t a lot he could do about it.
Peter, knees suddenly weak, collapsed onto the sofa. He couldn’t take his eyes off her.
“Are you sure,” Peter said in a croaky voice, “this isn’t some kind of joke?”
“It’s not a joke! Jesus. What do you think I am? Can I cover her back over again, please? She’s giving me the creeps.”
Peter leaned over and poked his mother with his finger.
“Mum. Mum! Wake up! Mum!” He turned to Kate. “She’s not waking up.”
“What did you expect? How many dead people do you know wake up on command?”
Peter wiped his finger on his jacket. “What happened?”
“I don’t know. I got here a bit late because of all the traffic, and when I got in, there she was. I thought she was sleeping at first, so I didn’t make any noise. I thought I was lucky. Maybe if she slept all night, I might not have to speak with her. But then I noticed she wasn’t moving. Normally, people move a bit in their sleep, don’t they? But she didn’t move at all. I went over to her and put my finger under her nose but I couldn’t feel anything. No air, nothing. I didn’t bother to check for a pulse. I didn’t want to touch her too much in case she woke up and I’d have to speak with her.”
“We’ve got Florence Nightingale over here,” Peter mumbled.
“Shut up! I didn’t know what else to do, so I called you and put a blanket over her.”
“You could have at least checked her pulse. You hear all the time about people who look dead, but aren’t really.”
“Her skin’s grey.”
“She never had the most vibrant of complexions.”
“Do it.”
“I’m not doing it. You found her.”
Kate crossed her arms. “Her tongue’s sticking out. I think that’s a pretty clear indication…”
Peter sighed, and then pressed his fingers to his mother’s neck.
“Well?” Kate asked.
“I feel something…”
Kate stared, shocked. “What?”
“I don’t know… The heartbeat is like… Dum-dum-dum-dum, dum-dum-dum-dum.”
Kate’s eyes widened as Peter continued with the beat, but at a higher pitch.
“That’s not a heartbeat… That’s the Twilight Zone theme tune! You freak!” She punched him.
“Don’t blame me,” Peter said, rubbing his arm. “I’m just the channel.”
“You nearly gave me a heart attack! But you didn’t feel anything, right?”
“Only the heebie-jeebies.” Peter shook his head. “No. She’s gone.”
They stared at their mother’s lifeless form.
“Are you going to cry?” Kate asked.
Peter shook his head. “Do you know, I’m trying to, but nothing’s coming out. Wait… Something’s coming…” He stood stock straight, blinking his eyes rapidly.
“Anything?” Kate asked.
“Not a drop. You?”
“Same.”
“Isn’t this wrong? Shouldn’t we be crying, or emotionally affected in some way?”
Kate shrugged. “I guess that’s the common response.”
“Okay, so she wasn’t the warmest Mum is the world…”
“There’s an understatement.”
“But she wasn’t the worst either. I mean, she dressed us, clothed us, fed us… We had some good times together.”
“Trying to make yourself cry?”
“The tears won’t come. Maybe if we watched the final scene of Armageddon…”
“Forget it. Worse than no tears are crocodile tears.”
Peter shook his head. “Maybe it’s not Mum’s fault. Maybe it’s us. We’re the ones with the faulty tear ducts.”
Kate sat in a dilapidated armchair. She sank so low her bottom almost touched the floor. “We don’t know how long she’s been here. She could have been dead for weeks.”
“I’m sure she hasn’t been dead that long.”
“How do you know?”
“There’s no smell, for a start. She can’t have died long ago.”
Kate frowned. “How long does it take before a body starts to smell?”
“How should I know?”
“You watch all those police dramas. I thought you would have known something.”
“It probably takes a few hours, I guess.”
“Shouldn’t it smell now, then?”
“I don’t know. Maybe she died a few minutes before you arrived.”
“That’s a nice thought.” Kate hugged her arms, which had just prickled with goose bumps. “My point was, we wouldn’t have known. We rarely saw her.”
“We need to call someone,” Peter said.
“Who?”
“An ambulance.”
“It’s a little late for that, don’t you think? They’d need one hell of a defibrillator to get her going again.”
“It’s Mum. Anything’s possible.” Peter paused. “So then who do we call?”
“I don’t know. I’ve never been in this situation before, funnily enough.”
“The morgue? The funeral home?”
“Try the Yellow Pages.”
“Doubt we need to place an ad. What do I even look under? Corpse removal?” Peter picked up the phone directory tome that sat beneath the landline phone. “I’m not sure if it’ll be a lot of use.”
“Why not?”
Peter held the directory up so she could see. ‘Circa 1989’ was written across the top.
“Try direct enquiries,” Kate said.
Peter picked up the handset of his mother’s landline. He pressed the buttons, but there was no sound. “The phone’s not working.”
“She runs it off a meter, remember. It must have run out.”
Peter dialed on his cell phone and spoke in his best telephone voice. “Hello. I’m trying to find the right company to call. You see, my mum passed away and we don’t know who to call to take her away. No, she’s dead. No, this isn’t a joke. I would put her on the line, but you see my problem. Was the death expected? No. The coroner? No, don’t connect me. Can you give me the number, please?” Peter wrote down the number. “Thanks.” He hung up.
“Why didn’t you let them connect you?” Kate said.
“It’s more expensive if they connect you.”
“You sound just like Mum – saving every penny.”
“Something you should have learned.”
Kate glared at him.
“Well,” Peter said. “I suppose I’d better call them.”
Peter dialed the number and put the phone to his ear. Kate sat on the armrest of the sofa. She looked to be in deep thought.
Peter looked at his watch. “It’s pretty late. I wonder if they’re even open.” Someone picked up on the other end, catching Peter unaware. “Oh. Hello, yes. I was wondering if I could speak to someone about removing a body.”
Kate suddenly stood upright and grabbed Peter’s phone.
“Kate? What are you doing?”
She ended the call. Her face was pallid, her eyes wide and bloodshot. “She can’t die. Not yet.”
“Kate…” He took her in his arms. He felt her body shudder. “I had no idea she meant so much to you.”
“She did. She meant a lot.”
“But she has died, Kate,” Peter said. “We have to accept that.”
“We were so close, you know.” Kate sniffled.
“What? You and Mum? Don’t make me laugh.”
“No, I meant me and you.”
“We’ve always been close.”
“No. Just one more week…”
“You want to say goodbye. That’s understandable. Why not say it now before someone takes her away?”
“That’s not what I meant…”
Peter frowned. “What did you mean?”
Kate’s expression shifted to mind surprise. “You seriously didn’t think of it?”
“Think of what?”
“Jesus. It jumped straight into my head the moment I saw her. How messed up is that?”
“What are you talking about?”
Her sniffles dried up and a little color returned to Kate’s cheeks. “The money, Peter. You’re forgetting about the money.”
Peter frowned. “What money?”
“The inheritance trust money! She gave it to us seven years ago next weekend, remember? Eight days from now. The taxman is going to take a great big bite out of us.”
“I can’t believe we’re talking about this now.”
“I know. I feel terrible. But you know what? I’m serious.”
“But she’s died. There’s nothing we can do about it.”
A twinkle caught Kate’s eye, and the corners of her mouth twitched up.
“What?” Peter said.
“What if we could keep her alive one more week?”
Peter looked at her out the corner of his eye. “Have you been practicing necromancy the past few years and not told me? If so, I think that’s something we should definitely talk about.”
“We could improve our situation.”
Peter looked over at their mother laying there staring at the ceiling. “She looks fairly stable to me.”
“Not her,” Kate said, eyes shining. “You.”
“What?”
“People are always saying how similar you look to her…”
“Yeah…”
“And it is only one more week…”
“Go on…”
“And people would only have to think she’s still alive…”
“For God’s sake, Kate. Just spit it out!”
Kate gathered herself. “You could pretend to be Mum for a week!” Kate flinched, shutting her eyes. After a pause she opened one eye.
Peter looked at Kate like he’d never set eyes on her before. “Who are you? You’re insane.”
“Not trying would be insane.”
“No, I think in this case trying would definitely trump not trying.”
“But Pete…”
“You’re out of your mind. I’m not doing it. And if you’re smart, you won’t do it either.”
“I can’t do it!” Kate said. “Look at me. Impersonating Dad, yeah, maybe. But Mum? Leave it out.”
“You leave it out. I can’t believe what you’re saying.”
“Forget I said it then.”
“I will.”
“Good.”
Kate folded her arms and turned away. Peter shook his head.
Kate turned to look back at Peter. “You wouldn’t have to do a lot.” Her tone was soft, almost gentle.
“You’re bloody right there, because I’m not doing it.”
“Just lay in bed for a week. People will think you’re sick and, at the end, we’ll swap you back for Mum.”
“Slight problem. Mum’s already dead. Don’t you think the boffins in the morgue will notice?”
“I did some research while you were on your way here.”
“While I was in the process of turning myself into an accomplice, you mean.”
“The coroner will not conduct an autopsy if the cause of death is clear.”
“So?”
“So, when the time comes, we’ll make it obvious why she died.”
“That’s great. What do you suppose we do with the body until that point?”
“Come on, Peter. Use your imagination.”
“What?”
“What do they normally do with dead bodies?”
“Bury them?”
“No, before they’re buried.”
“Impersonate them?”
“Freeze them,” Kate said. “Mum’s got a massive freezer in the shed.”
Peter stared at his sister, dumbfounded. “I cannot believe we’re related.”
“Well, we are. And that’s why you’ll help me.”
“I’m not doing it. I’d rather pay the money back. We’ll probably get away with fifty or sixty per cent after tax.”
“Listen to you. Wantonly wasting money and giving it to the government. Mum would turn in her grave.”
“Don’t you mean her freezer?”
“Peter…”
“I’ve warned you about spending money, haven’t I, Kate? I’ve warned you over and over again.”
“I’ll do better in future.”
“No you won’t. I mean, you must have enough left to pay them back, right? You can’t have spent everything Mum gave you. Right?”
Kate hesitated. “I… don’t know.”
“What do you mean you don’t know? You must know how much you’ve spent.”
Kate shook her head. “No.”
“How can you possibly not know? You can check your bank app anytime.”
Kate rolled her eyes. “I don’t check my bank statements, all right?”
“When did you last check them?”
Kate shrugged and mumbled something under her breath.
“Come again?”
“Two years ago.”
“Two years ago!”
“I’ve been working too!”
Peter wiped a hand across his brow in a caricature expression of relief. “Phew! You had me worried there for a minute.”
“Peter, please.”
Peter snatched back his phone from Kate. “I’m going to do us both a favor and call the coroner.” He called the coroner’s number again.
“Pete… Pete, wait…”
“Hello?” Peter said into the phone. “Hello, yes, I would like to report a dead body, please. No, at home.”
Tears spilled down Kate’s cheeks. “Pete. Don’t. Let’s talk about this. Please. I need your help.”
“Save your crocodile tears for Mum.”
Kate turned away, head bowed. “I thought you would help me. You’re my big brother.” Kate sniffed. “Call the undertaker, then. You might as well call the police while you’re at it because I’ll never be able to pay all the money back.”
A voice spoke on the other end of the line, but Peter barely heard them.
“Uh… Yeah,” Peter said into the phone. “Sorry. My kid called by accident. It won’t happen again.” He hung up and braced himself on the table with both hands.
“Peter,” Kate said with a broken smile on her face. “Peter, thank you. I swear I’ll-”
Peter held up a hand to silence her. Then he turned away and walked out the back door into the garden.

9.
Peter sat on the swing that hung from the weeping willow, staring at the gravestone at his feet.
 
BOB LOVERIDGE 1946 – 2000
A MAN FRUGAL WITH EVERYTHING BUT HIS LOVE
 
Peter felt the bite of the breeze as it blew the remains of winter across the field, skittering against the gravestone and into the stream. The moon was big and bright, and bathed the world in a silver glow, as if draining the world of color. There was the flap of wings in a nearby tree as a bird took flight, and a pheasant’s trill of panic as it peeled across the field.
Kate came out of the trailer carrying a cup of tea in each hand. She sat a cup on the top of their father’s headstone. There were tea ring circles on either side of it. She sat next to Peter on the swing and laid her head on his shoulder.
“Do you remember when we used to come out here to hide and tell each other our secrets?” Kate asked. “I told you about Michael Dowell. Do you remember? I had such a crush on him… He never found out – luckily. And I told you about how I cheated on my math test. I still don’t understand why I didn’t just study instead. You were a great brother, Pete. You listened and didn’t give advice unless I asked for it. You let me figure things out for myself.”
Kate bit her bottom lip. “Now I’ve got a new problem. And it’s slightly bigger than Michael Dowell or my math test. I know it’s asking you a lot to do this. That’s why I’m going to tell you another secret. I’m in trouble, Pete. Financial trouble.”
“It’s not a secret if the person listening already knows about it.” Peter closed his eyes. “How much have you spent?”
“I don’t know. Most of it. Probably all of it.”
“How did you manage to spend that much?”
“It just happened. I would feel crummy, go shopping, see something I liked and buy it. It made me feel good. Or at least a little better.”
“You’re expecting me to make up for your mistakes-”
“It’s only for a week. You wouldn’t even have to do anything. Just stay in bed.”
“What if we get caught?”
“We won’t.”
“If we are, are you happy to go inside?”
“We won’t go inside.”
“I value my freedom, Kate. Because that’s what will happen if we get caught. We’ll get locked up. Then we’ll lose the money anyway.”
Kate laid a hand on Peter’s shoulder. “I believe in you. I believe you can do it. It’ll be easy. Just lay in bed for a week pretending you’re ill. At the end, we’ll figure out a way for it to look like Mum died naturally. Easy.”
Peter didn’t say anything.
“I really don’t see any other way out of this, do you?”
“You could sell what you have,” Peter said. “Sell everything.”
“Even if I did, I wouldn’t be able to pay everything back.”
Peter shook his head. “How could you let it get so bad? With our parents.”
“It just… got away from me, I guess.”
There was a pause.
“Or you could lend me the money,” Kate said with a little smile.
“Oh, no,” Peter said. “Lending money between friends and family is a no-go. You know that.”
“Another one of Mum’s pearls of wisdom.”
“If you’d listened to her, you wouldn’t have this problem.”
Kate hung her head. “You’re right.”
“So why don’t you get a loan from the bank and pay it off?”
“No bank in their right mind would lend to me now. I’m in up to the hilt already. Taking out another loan isn’t going to help.” Kate’s hands made fists. “And you’re my brother! You have to help me!”
“I will – after you help yourself.”
Kate bolted to her feet. “Jesus, Pete! What am I going to do if you don’t help me? My landlord is breathing down my neck about missed rent checks. The bailiffs will come round, take everything and sell it for next to nothing. And I’ll still have all this debt!”
Peter’s eyes widened. “That’s why you get so many phone calls, isn’t it? It’s not pushy salesmen. It’s debt collectors!”
“Yes.” Kate’s bottom lip trembled. “I’ve got nowhere else to go. Please, Peter. You have to help me.”
Peter sighed. “I will help you. But keeping this money – or any amount of money – won’t solve your problem. You have to learn to stop spending.”
“I will. But first I need to pay off my debts.”
“I’ve heard all this before, Kate.”
“This time I mean it. I mean, there aren’t any more relatives waiting to hand over their money to us, is there?”
Peter shook his head and stared at the ground.
“That was meant to be a joke. Obviously not a very funny one.”
“Don’t forget,” Peter said, ignoring her, “if they take your money, they’ll take mine too. I won’t have anything left to give you. I’ll have to give up acting and find a real job.”
“You might still get the part.”
“Almost certainly not.”
“It’s not such a bad idea though, is it? Pretending to be Mum, I mean.”
Peter’s eyes bulged. “You are joking? Besides the moral quagmire – which is a vast continent, by the way – how in God’s name do we ever convince people I’m Mum?”
“You’re an actor. A great actor.”
“A great actor who can’t even pass an audition while playing a woman?”
“It’ll be good practice for you. You can do this, I know it. And people are always saying how similar you look to Mum. This is your chance to improve your performance with women’s roles.”
“Taking a class sounds a lot easier. And that was just an audition. I’ve never had cause to dress up as a woman – an old woman – before.”
“So maybe you can re-audition.”
Peter shook his head. “You only get one shot.”
“So make them give you another one.”
Peter shook his head. “Look, I might look like her in the face, but I’m taller.”
“Hunch.”
“Like Quasimodo?”
“Jesus, Pete. If you’re not going to do it, why didn’t you call the undertaker when you had the chance?”
“I should have.”
“But you didn’t. Do you remember what Mum used to say? ‘Don’t give The Government a penny. They get enough out of us as it is’.”
Peter nodded. “I doubt even they would go this far.”
“Don’t you believe it. To save an extra penny, Mum and Dad would do anything. You know that. If we don’t do this, it’ll be a lifetime of frugality wasted. Can you honestly imagine Mum doing anything really strenuous? It’ll be easy. Just sitting around, drinking tea. Trust me.”
“Trust you?”
“Yes.”
“But what do we really know about Mum?” Peter said. “What did she even do during the week?”
Kate shrugged. “Every time I called her she was in.”
“Since when did you call her?”
“I did sometimes. We could just say she’s ill and in bed.”
“Won’t people be suspicious?”
“Not if we say it’s serious or contagious or something.”
“We could just put a dummy in the bed.”
“And what if someone comes in the bedroom? Someone will need to reply. No. It has to be you.”
“I’m not Mum. Plus, I don’t have the requisite female parts. I think we can both agree you’ve got far more in common with Mum than I do.”
“That’s superficial. You’re an actor. I’m sure you can get all the props you need. Besides, no one will see the ‘requisite female parts’ as you so eloquently put it. All they will see is this.” She held his face in her hands.
Peter took hold of her hands and pulled them delicately, but firmly, off. “I can’t. I’m sorry.” He got up and leaned against the tree.
Kate looked at her hands. “What if this was something Mum actually wanted us to do?”
Peter frowned. “In what world would Mum ever want us to do something like this?”
Kate reached into her pocket and took out a piece of paper folded into three parts. It was wrinkled, stained and old. It smelled musty.
“I found this in the pot where Mum and dad kept their day-to-day money,” she said. “Don’t look at me like that. Mum was looking directly at it when I found her. I guess she was trying to tell us she wanted us to find it.”
Peter took the letter and unfolded it. It was covered in halting handwriting that had no semblance of style at all. There were capital letters in the middle of words, dashes instead of periods that had been thrown as if random across the page, and just as many crossings out and scribbles as unedited words. He started to read.
 
If your reading this it means I am dead – I ope the seven years is up and I jus forgot to throw this letter away but it probly aint and I died early – Me and yourn dad worked and saved for that monay and I dont want it falling into the rong ands – You both shood do everything you can to keep that monay. Do whatever is neckissary to keep those asshole taxmen away from our monay. This monay is for the 2 on u. What you use it for is up to yous, but I hope it brings you as much appiness and joy as it did for me and your dad to save it did.
 
Peter turned the page over. There was nothing else.
“No last loving statement,” Kate said, noticing Peter’s disappointment.
“Should have known.” 
A pause.
“So, what do you think?” Kate asked.
“I think Mum needed a good dictionary. That’s what I think.”
“Two weeks in school your whole life will do that to you.”
“I suppose.”
Kate held her hands behind her back. “What do you think about my idea?”
“It’s still mental, Kate.”
“But-”
“But… I don’t know. Even if Mum was okay with us doing it that doesn’t mean we should. What do you want me to say?”
“Say you’ll do it. Say you’ll help me. Please.”
Peter looked at his hands. “Kate…” He sighed. “You know, I really hate you sometimes.”
She clapped her hands and hugged him. “I promise I will be the best sister ever to you after this.”
“I’ll believe that when I see it. But I have a few conditions.”
“Fine.”
“First, you have to be here every minute I am.”
“I’m not sure I can get the time off work-”
“You haven’t taken a holiday off in years.”
“I know, but…”
Peter stepped closer. “It’s a non-retractable condition. If you can’t do it, it’s off.”
Kate waved her hands. “All right, all right. I’ll call Gerald and tell him my brother’s got buboes or something. What’s the second condition?”
Peter looked into her eyes. “You have to go see a psychologist.”
Kate shook her head. “No.”
“You’ve got a problem. You need help.”
“It’s my money,” she said. “I’ll spend it however I like.”
“You were supposed to use it to set yourself up. A deposit on a mortgage or to invest in something you were working on, whatever. Not clothes.”
“They make me feel good!”
“They don’t make you feel good. It’s buying them that makes you feel good.”
“That’s not true. I don’t feel good when I buy supermarket brands.” Kate folded her arms and pouted. “You’re just saying that so you don’t have to do it.”
“I’m saying this because no matter how much money you have, you will always manage to spend it. If we’re successful with this thing, I want you to go somewhere to get help. It’s the only way I’ll help.”
Kate turned to leave, then stopped. She let out a little scream. “Fine. I’ll get help.”
Peter smiled. “Good. Now what exactly are we going to do with Mum’s body?”
“I’ve got an idea for that…”

10.
The Vestfrost SB400 was a deluxe deep freezer their mother kept in the garden shed. It was four feet long, two feet wide, and three feet deep. It was an impressive piece of kit, but hardly the place that conjured up restful images of the deceased.
“You must be joking,” Peter said.
“That’s what I thought at first, but it is big enough.” Kate looked about ready to hop in and give a demonstration.
“I wasn’t worried about the size, funnily enough.”
“How else do we keep her in good condition?”
“As a popsicle?”
“What’s the difference between this and a morgue?”
Peter shook his head. “Mum’s final resting place.”
“Only for a week. Jesus. This fridge is like the Ritz compared to the trailer. This doesn’t leak or have draughts.”
“Yeah? What are the rates like? Wait a minute, I just had a thought.”
“Well done. You know, some of us have those every day.”
“Be nice, or you can pretend to be Mum yourself.”
Kate bowed her head in mock forgiveness. “Sorry for disrespecting you.”
“Better. But less sass, thank you. I was just thinking, what if the meter runs out and Mum starts defrosting?”
Kate smiled. “That’s the best part. Don’t you remember? She got a special fund from the council to keep this freezer going. The last thing the council wanted was a dead pensioner starving to death in winter on the news. The council are paying. She could stay in here forever – at the council’s expense!”

11.
They folded their mum’s legs into the freezer. They were already a little stiff and difficult to bend. She lay on her back with her knees pointing up. The frozen peas were jammed under her armpits, potato wedges propping up her head.
“Looks like an advert for third class cryogenics,” Peter said.
“Or an apocalypse.”
“She looks so peaceful.”
“She should,” Kate said. “All her worries are well and truly over. Ours have only just begun.”





Sunday

1.
The next day Peter woke in his own bed in London. He checked the time on his alarm clock without really looking, and then rolled over until his face found a cool patch of pillow. He fell silent. His eyes shot open. He flew up into a sitting position. He looked around at his room. His clothes lay in small mounds on the floor. The washing up sat piled in the sink. The tap dripped. He smiled to himself and felt the tension leave his shoulders. He lay back in bed.
Peter’s phone rang. “What’s up?”
“Are you there yet?” Kate asked.
“‘Am I there yet’ where?”
“The theatre. I knew you’d forget.”
Peter closed his eyes. “Oh my God. Last night actually happened, didn’t it?”
“Of course it did. What are you talking about? So, when are you going down there?”
“Listen, Kate…”
“Don’t back out now. You promised. What time?”
“I’ll… have breakfast then go.”
“Good. Call me when you’ve got it.” She hung up.
Peter strangled the phone with both hands.

2.
Peter walked into the alleyway behind the Rosebud theatre carrying a shopping bag. He knocked on the backstage door and waited. Skips lined the alley walls, packed with last season’s costumes and props. Bums were already up to their waists sifting through it all. They’d made several piles. There was an area for materials, an area for wooden stages and an area for electronics.
A homeless man with a dog on a piece of string noticed Peter looking at a pile of paper-maché animal heads. “Sell for a fortune outside the zoo,” he said.
“I’ll bet.” Peter knocked on the door a second time.
“All right, all right, keep your shirt on,” a scratchy voice on the other side of the door said.
A skinny guy with a bushy ginger moustache, large glasses and a pink tutu about his midriff opened the door. He wore a frown and scratched his head. “The run’s over, pal. If you want tickets for next season, go to the front entrance. Thanks.” He moved to close the door, but Peter stuck his foot in the way.
“Simon, it’s me – Peter. We spoke on the phone.”
Simon raised his nose and squinted at Peter through the most powerful part of his lenses.
“Oh right,” he said. “I’m sorry but we’re running a little behind here…”
“I’ll only take five minutes.”
“Five minutes…” Simon said, as if this was beyond the realms of possibility. “I don’t know.”
Peter raised a grocery bag. “I brought refreshments.”
Simon beamed and opened the door wide. “Why didn’t you say so? Come in, come in.” Simon ‘helped’ Peter with his bag. “What’s this? White Lightning? You must be doing well! Say, what was it you wanted help with, again?”
“Old lady costumes.”
“Right, right. Well, follow me.”
The backstage of the Rosebud smelled the same as any other theatre; of sawdust and the dashed dreams of the many. A poker game was in progress, perfectly lit by the arc lights over their heads.
“Peter, you know the Everly brothers and their lovely sister Grace, don’t you?”
The Everly brothers were twin skinheads that evidently only had one expression: an intimidating glare.
“Uh… No,” Peter said. “Nice to meet you all.”
Grace got up and approached Peter. Her hair was long and frizzy, her eyes alive with what Peter suspected was drug-induced energy.
“Are you an actor?” she asked. Her voice was high and squeaky.
“Yes. Sometimes.”
“They say I could’ve been an actress if I’d had the trainin’.” She grinned with her gums, her teeth having long since evacuated.
“Yes,” Simon said, resting his hand on her shoulder, “of course you could.”
Peter noticed Simon let his hand graze her breast as he put the bag down on the table. Grace didn’t seem to notice, or if she did, she didn’t care.
“Peter brought refreshments, everyone,” Simon said. “I’m just going to help him out with something and we can carry on with our little game. No looking at my cards!”
Grace blocked Peter’s way.
“Excuse me, Grace,” Peter said.
She didn’t move, only grinned at him inanely. He squeezed past her.
“Right handful she is,” Simon said as he led Peter through a maze of props. He winked. “Or she will be if my luck holds out. The brothers don’t have much left to gamble with. They’ll switch to possessions soon enough, and Grace will be the first thing that’ll go. She likes me, don’t you think?”
Peter smacked his elbow on a giant snow globe. He just nodded. “I doubt there’s anyone she doesn’t like,” he mumbled under his breath.
“Grace by name, definitely not by nature.” Simon led Peter to a large pile of stacked boxes. “So, what sort of old lady are you looking for? We’ve got tarty, refined and elegant.”
“Let’s leave out tarty.”
“Just as well. We’d have to go to my flat for those anyway. It would help if you told me what this was all in aid of.”
“It’s a bit of a secret, to be honest.”
“Oh?”
“I’m working on a few auditions for the Old Vic, the Royal Court. You know, places like that.”
“And they’re looking for old ladies?” Simon said, frowning. “Strange, I thought they were running mostly modern Shakespeare adaptations round there right now.”
Peter blinked. “Uh…”
A dirty smile spread across Simon’s face. “For personal use, ay?” He winked. “Say no more. I’m quite partial to a little dress-up myself at times. Right, here we are. The Golden Oldies in all their glory. Just make sure to get any stains washed out before you bring them back, all right?”
Peter felt sick. “Yeah. Sure.”
“Wigs first?” Simon upended the box. There were blonde wigs, brown wigs, purple wigs, rainbow wigs, and something that must have come from a stage version of the Munsters.
“I’m looking for something a little more… natural,” Peter said.
They rooted amongst the wigs until Peter came out with what he was looking for. The hair was fairly short, grey, and arranged in long curls.
“This is perfect,” Peter said. “Do you mind if I take this?”
“Sure. Here, let me show you something.” Simon took the wig from him and turned it inside out. “You see this? This is one of those wigs that clips to your own hair so it’s difficult to fall off by accident. But be careful. A sharp knock is all it takes to dislodge this sucker. And if somebody’s yanking it from behind… Well, you get the idea. Oh, and stay away from water. A little rain is okay, but if it gets soaked the strands can come loose.”
“Don’t worry,” Peter said. “I’m going nowhere near water.”
“I hope you’re not planning on doing anything too strenuous with her,” Simon said, a twinkle in his eye.
“Like I said – just auditions.”
Simon smiled. “Sure. What next?”
“Make-up and a body suit.”
“Body suit? Boy, are you going all-out!” Simon’s eyes moved to the side as if he were in deep contemplation. He checked over his shoulders and sidled up to Peter. “Listen, if the genuine experience is what you’re looking for, I’m got something that’ll be right up your street. There’s a new product on the market. It’s very hush-hush, but it will boost your performance no end.” He reached under his tutu and into his trouser pocket. He came out with a small box. He opened it. Inside were very thin flakes of plastic.
“What is it?” Peter asked.
“That, my friend, is the very latest in aging skin technology courtesy of KGB, Russia. It will turn your rosy cheeks into the backend of a pig: old, rough and weathered. Yours for the bargain price of fifty pounds.”
“I’m not paying fifty quid.”
“This is the best stuff on the market, mate.”
“Stop making it sound like drugs.”
“How much have you got on you?”
Peter opened his wallet. “A tenner.”
“Sold, but only because you’re a friend. And trust me, you won’t be disappointed.”

3.
Weyland and Compton Solicitors was a small local law firm. It was sandwiched between a butcher and a pawnshop like a slice of ham in a mean sandwich. When Kate pushed the door open it struck a filing cabinet. One corner was battered and crumpled in by the force of a thousand similar collisions. Filing cabinets lined both walls like dance partners at an old English ball.
Directly opposite the door was an ample-framed woman with thick-framed glasses. She wore a grey cardigan about her shoulders, the arms wrapped about her neck in a chokehold grip. She was organizing paperwork on her desk and held a phone between her ear and shoulder. She was saying things like, “Mm. Yeah. Ah. Okay. Sure.”
Spotting something on a piece of paperwork, she picked up a red pen, bit the cap off with her teeth, and spat it out toward the bin, where it landed beside a dozen other pen caps. She scribbled something in an illegible hand and looked up. Upon seeing Kate she smiled a smile that lit up her face, transforming her into a warm grandmother type. She put the phone to her chest so as not to be heard.
“Hello, dear. How can I help you?”
“I’m here to see Mr. Shilling,” Kate said. “I made an appointment for ten o’clock this morning.”
The secretary cast about for the pen lid, but couldn’t find it. She shrugged and jammed the pen into a cup stuffed with similar hatless pens.
“Of course,” she said. “Please go through to his office.”
She returned the phone to her shoulder. “Mm. Uh-huh. Sure. Yeah.”
Kate had to turn sideways to squeeze between the secretary’s desk and a filing cabinet. Kate scaled the steep wooden staircase that wound up and turned back on itself. There was no bannister. Before she got to the top of the stairs she heard a loud rasping laugh that sounded like something you’d read in a comic book: “Ha-ha-ha!”
Kate pushed open the thin flimsy door. This room too was narrow but with less clutter than the reception downstairs, giving the illusion of space. A man sat at a desk at the back of the room. There was a large window behind him that looked out on the metropolis that was Royston. There were thick stacks of paper on his desk and around his feet, like he was building himself a fort.
Mr. Shilling caught sight of Kate. “Let me call you back,” he said into the phone. He hung up and gestured to two beaten up armchairs. “Miss Loveridge, please take a seat.”
As Kate sat down she looked Mr. Shilling over. He was a tall thin man with an Adam’s apple that protruded like a knot in a piece of rope. As he spoke it moved up and down like a game of pong. Kate felt sick watching it.
“Sorry for the mess,” Mr. Shilling said. “Big case.”
“It’s no problem.”
Mr. Shilling picked up a stress ball and tossed it from one hand to the other. “So, what can I do for you?”
“I came to get some legal advice.”
“That’s what I’m here for.”
“We set my mother’s trust up with you seven years ago-”
“Is it seven years already?” Mr. Shilling said, setting the stress ball down. Blocked in on every side as he was, Mr. Shilling leaned over to a filing cabinet and, arm outstretched, pulled a drawer open. Without looking, he ran his fingers over the files and extracted one. It was very small and thin. Kate couldn’t help comparing it to all the piles of paper spread across the floor. Mr. Shilling unfurled the rough twine that held the file closed and opened it.
“Ah yes, here we are. Almost seven years. According to my file, you’ve got seven days remaining. Until next Sunday, in fact. I always thought the last few days of the seven-year period were the most worrisome. It’s rather like coming to the end of a marathon, only to collapse within sight of the finishing line.” He smiled, baring his yellowed teeth.
Kate smiled without a touch of warmth. “The reason I came here today is to ask if it’s possible to withdraw some of the funds early.”
“Ordinarily, yes. You’re allowed to withdraw any amount you require, but anything you do withdraw will be subject to income tax. Which, depending on your income bracket, could result in a higher rate than inheritance tax.”
“What do you mean ‘ordinarily’?”
Mr. Shilling’s eyes flickered to Kate and he shifted in his seat. “Your mother didn’t mention this to you?”
“No.”
“Mrs. Loveridge came to me some years ago and altered her trust agreement.”
Kate blinked. “She did? How did she alter it?”
“She requested for both beneficiaries to be present when withdrawing funds.”
“Both beneficiaries? You mean me and my brother?”
“Yes.”
Kate frowned. “Why would she do that?”
Mr. Shilling shrugged. “There are any number of reasons. Perhaps she wanted you both to use the money together in some kind of enterprise, although there is no way to legally ensure that. Far more likely is she trusted one of you to be more… prudent than the other when it comes to spending money.”
Kate looked at her hands. “There’s no way around it?”
“Unfortunately, no. Without your brother’s signature these funds are untouchable for the next seven days.” Mr. Shilling closed the file. “If I may offer a word of advice? I would not withdraw a penny of this money until Sunday. Give the taxman an excuse to worm his way into your store cupboard and you may find you’ll be starving before winter’s out.”

4.
Kate had worn her fingernails down near to the nub. She’d dialed Gerald’s number a dozen times, but couldn’t make herself press the call button. Finally her car – which she’d leant Peter for the day – pulled onto the driveway. Kate opened the door.
“Thank God you’re here,” she said, dragging Peter inside.
He dumped the bulging bags he was carrying onto the floor. “What happened?”
“People keep coming over. First Albert the nosey neighbor, then Mum’s care worker.”
“Care worker?”
“I know! I never knew she had one either.”
Peter peered around the trailer. “But you got rid of her, right?”
“Of course. I told her Mum was ill and wasn’t to be disturbed. She seemed worried, but not suspicious.”
“Do you reckon she’ll come back?”
“Probably.”
“What!”
“She has to take care of Mum.”
“You’ll just have to tell her to go away again.”
“I’m not sure if that will keep working.”
“Why not?”
“She’s a care worker, Peter. She might get suspicious and insist on seeing her. She might call the police if we don’t let her in. It might be best just to let her come into the room and see you’re ill.”
Peter shook his head. “I can’t believe I agreed to this.”
“Well, you did. So stop complaining.” Kate kneeled down in front of the bags Peter had brought in. “Is this everything?” She rifled through them. “This wig isn’t the right style. And the color’s way off.”
Peter gave her a pair of scissors and a bottle of dye. “Beggars can’t be choosers.”
“I’ll set it up and let it soak.”
Kate went into the bathroom, turned on the tap and massaged water into the wig. Then she applied the dye.
Peter ducked his head into the bathroom. “Have we been robbed?”
“No. Why?”
“The TV and radio are missing.”
“I moved them into the bedroom.”
The bedroom was small, cramped, and musty with damp wood. Sunlight winked through a small hole where strong winds had wrenched the roof up. In front of the bed sat the TV and radio.
“What do you think?” Kate said. “You can watch TV, films, listen to music… Anything you like. This whole thing doesn’t have to be painful.”
Peter smiled. “Thank you.”
“It’s nothing. I never did say thank you for doing this. I know you wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for me.”
“You’re my sister. Somebody has to look out for you.”
Kate smiled. She rubbed her hands together. “Shall we get started?”
“Yeah. I suppose so.”
Kate helped Peter put on the bodysuit. It was tight, but together they managed to slip it on. Peter looked at himself in a full-length mirror. Large rubber lumps protruded from his chest, and rolls of ‘fat’ swayed from his abdomen.
“I look ridiculous,” he said.
Kate put a hand over her mouth but couldn’t stop herself from laughing. “It’s just because you’re not wearing any clothes.”
“No, it’s because I look like a fool.”
Kate fanned her face with her hands, her fit of giggles subsiding. “How does it feel?”
Peter covered himself with his hands. “I can’t look at myself like this. Let me put some clothes on.”
Kate handed him one of their mother’s dresses. “Better?”
“Much.” He performed a few lithe movements, swinging his arms in circles. He hopped, and the excess body fat bounced.
“Come sit in the chair,” Kate said.
Kate sat in a chair facing him and painted his face with make-up, talking him through how to apply it, and in what order. Then she picked up the KGB flakes.
“What is this stuff?”
“From Russia with granny love. It’s supposed to help me look older, or something.”
“Shall we try it?”
“Why not? I need all the help I can get.”
Kate applied the flakes to Peter’s face, applying it to the corners of his mouth and eyes.
“With any luck no one will ever get this close to me anyway.”
“Better safe than sorry,” Kate said. She pressed the flakes onto Peter’s forehead. “I went to see Mr. Shilling today.”
“Who?”
“The solicitor in charge of the trust.”
“Why?”
“I just wanted to check the details. Make sure we hadn’t got the dates mixed up or anything.”
“What did he say?”
Kate hesitated. “Did Mum ever mention to you that she went to see him?”
Peter shook his head. “No. Why?”
“He said that she went to see him and changed something.”
Peter stiffened. “What did she change?”
Kate concentrated on brushing on the fake wrinkles.
“Kate?”
Kate looked into his eyes, into the face of her mother. “Nothing important.”
Peter’s shoulders relaxed. “You scared me. Look, if everything goes well we’ll soon have the money. And then we can forget this whole thing ever happened.”
Kate smiled. It didn’t touch her eyes. “Right. Well, it’s the moment of truth. Are you ready?”
“Yeap.”
Kate turned the mirror. The smile on Peter’s face slipped.
“What’s the matter?” Kate said, peering into the mirror.
Peter put his fingers to his face. “That is the most disturbing thing I’ve ever seen. Did you ever see the film Psycho?”
“This is nothing like that.”
“Dead mother. Dressing up in her clothes. I don’t know, an argument could be made.”
“I’m getting chills,” Kate said. “I’d be fooled.”
Peter just stared at his reflection.
“Are you all right?”
“I look just like her.” He turned away, unable to look at himself.
“That’s what we’re aiming for, remember? It’s strange to be looking at Mum like this. You look so calm, relaxed and approachable. You’re going to have to work hard to look more difficult. How about the scowl she always wore?”
“Scowl? She didn’t always wear a scowl.”
“She did with me.”
“Oh, you mean the Evil Eye,” Peter said.
Kate laughed. “Yes! God, I haven’t heard that for a long time. Do you think you can do it?”
“I don’t know. What did we do the last time she gave us it?”
Kate thought for a moment. “We broke the telly.”
Peter turned to Kate with a sneer.
Kate’s eyes bulged. “That’s really good,” she said. “Stop it, you’re scaring me.”
“That was the point, wasn’t it?” Peter waddled up onto his feet and stepped toward Kate.
She screamed. “Don’t do that!”
“I must be doing well if it makes you scream like you were ten-years-old.”
“I was ten years old.”
“What next?”
“Mum’s happy face.”
Peter thought for a moment, turned away and when he turned back, he wore the scowl again.
Kate laughed. “Yeah, that’s pretty much it. What about how she walked?”
Peter hunched over a little and walked in carefully measured steps.
Kate shook her head. “No, that’s too… manish.”
“She always did walk a bit like a man.”
“Not that much. You look like you just got back from Little Bighorn.”
“What else can I do? If I put my legs any closer together I’ll squash the boys.”
“Lovely,” Kate said. “Try something else.”
“Can’t you just push me around in a wheelchair, or something?”
“Oh, that won’t look suspicious. She walked every day of her life, and now she has to wheel herself around? And how would Mum feel about that? Happy as Larry? I don’t think so.”
“Wait a minute,” Peter said. He shuffled along taking tiny delicate steps.
“That’s it!” Kate said, clapping her hands. “That’s exactly how she walked! How did you do that?”
“Simple,” Peter said. “I just pretended like I’d shit myself.”
“Beautiful. Let me go get the wig.”
When Kate returned she found Peter looking at a painting on the wall. It depicted fields of corn and a lonely tree on a grassy knoll. Though it was by no means a masterpiece, it did hold a certain allure.
“Have you even seen this before?” Peter said.
“No. Must be new.”
“Someone must have given it to her.”
“She wouldn’t have paid for it, that’s for sure.”
Peter looked closer at two people half-hidden by the grass. Their faces had no detail. But their arms were held under their chins, laying on their fronts with their feet pointing up at the sky.
“They look happy, whoever they are.”
Kate attached the wig clips to Peter’s hair. She tucked in any strands that stuck out of the sides.
“The color’s right,” she said, “but the style…”
“Mum never had a style.”
“Of course she had a style. You just never noticed.”
Kate took out the scissors and started to snip at the wig.
Two hours later, eyes red, drooped and tired, Peter spoke to himself in the mirror. His usual active voice was now slow and monotonous like a toy running out of battery power.
“When I was young… No. When I was young… No. When I was young… I can’t do it,” he said, collapsing on the sofa.
Kate sat on the sofa beside him. She put her hand on his shoulder. “You’re not going to fool anyone if you can’t speak like her, Peter.”
“I can’t do it.”
“She had a rough, gravelly voice,” Kate said.
Peter rolled his eyes. “That helps. I could take up smoking.”
“And get a gravelly voice by tomorrow morning?”
“Thanks for caring about my well-being first. You’re a gem. The chances are, I won’t even have to speak with anyone anyway, so it might be all right.”
“But you might have to speak to someone. What if something goes wrong?”
“What could go wrong?”
“I don’t know, but there’s no planning for these things.”
“We’d better plan something, or else I’m up a certain creek without a paddle.”
“That’s why we’re practicing, remember?”
Peter began unfastening the wig’s clips. “It’s no use.”
“Try to remember one thing Mum said to you that you can remember word for word.”
Peter thought, and then shook his head. “I can’t think of anything.”
“There must be one thing you remember.” She saw something in his eyes then, a flicker to the side.
He shook his head, as if to dispel it.
“What is it?”
“Nothing.”
“You do remember something.”
“Yeah…”
“Tell me.”
“It’s the thing she said to me right before I left for drama school.”
Kate looked at him. “I wasn’t here.”
“No. You were out with friends. She told me...” Peter looked away.
“What?”
“I’ve never told anyone this before.”
Kate took his hand in hers. “Tell me, please.”
Peter closed his eyes and let out a deep breath. “Now, Peter. I know you’re going to-”
“Not as you. As Mum.”
“I can’t do it as Mum.”
“Try.”
The voice that came out of Peter’s mouth wasn’t his, nor was it their mother’s, but an amalgamation of both. “Now, Peter. I know you’re going to a nice place somewhere. But I don’t want no gorger for a son. I don’t want you wasting your life on this silly dream, leaving your Mum and Dad, and everything you’ve known behind. But if you go, remember that we might not be here when you get back.”
Peter thumbed a tear out the corner of his eye and spoke with his own voice. “It was the day I’d got my acceptance letter to drama school. Dad tore it up in a fit of rage and threw it in the bin.”
“Oh, Peter,” Kate said. “I’m sorry. But that was Mum. Tough as old nails.”
“Yeah.”
“You got her voice down, though. Did you notice? You started shaky, but you sounded exactly like her by the end.”
“Twenty-nine years and that’s what I remember about her.” Peter stood up and spoke in his mother’s voice. “Well, how do I look now?”
“Great.” Kate frowned. “But there’s something missing…” She reached into her pocket and extracted several rings.
“Are those…?” Peter began.
“Mum’s rings.”
“You took them off her?”
“She doesn’t mind.”
Kate slipped them onto his fingers one-by-one.
“A few don’t fit,” Peter said.
“Try them on different fingers.”
“People will notice.”
“They’ll notice more if they’re missing.”
“The wedding ring won’t fit.”
“Wait a minute, I’ve got an idea.” Kate went into the kitchen and opened the fridge. She came back with a tub of butter. She took Peter’s hand and massaged the butter along his fingers. Then she took one of their mother’s rings and jammed it onto his finger.
“I’ve only ever seen this done in comics. Ouch!”
“Quit complaining,” Kate said. She did the same with the rest of Peter’s fingers until he had a pair of bedecked hands.
“Wait a minute,” Kate said. She rubbed Peter’s earlobe between her thumb and forefinger.
“What?”
“Your ears aren’t pierced.”
“No.”
“But I’ve seen you wear earrings before on stage.”
“They were clip-on ones. Not real ones.”
“You can’t go out without pierced ears!”
“I’m not going out at all.”
“You might as well wear a sign saying, ‘I’m not Mum’.”
“Are you serious?”
Kate opened a drawer in the kitchen and came back with a needle and candle. She lit the candle and then held the needle over the flame.
“It’ll only take a second. Young girls do this all the time.”
“They’re idiots. Who in their right mind would ever want to put a hole in their body?”
“People who need keyhole surgery?”
“Excluding surgical situations.”
“You’re seriously not going to do it? What if someone notices?”
“I’ll say I haven’t worn them for years and my body healed itself.”
“Mum wore earrings every day. Everyone will notice you’re not wearing earrings.”
“No one will notice.”
“Women will. That’s something you need to know about women. We notice everything.”
“And know everything?”
“Of course. And they’ll notice your ears don’t have holes in them. After they notice that they’ll notice a lot more, believe you me.”
Peter stared at the needle. “How long will it take?”
“Only a second. Come put your head on this towel. We don’t want to get blood on Mum’s carpet.”
“Blood?”
She moved toward Peter with the needle.
Outside, the calm quiet of nature was broken by Peter’s piercing feminine scream.





Monday

1.
Kate hadn’t got a wink of sleep all night. A draft kept whispering to her through the thin windows, tickling her nose and causing her to sneeze. The sofa was lumpy with the items they’d lost down the back of it over the years. If she looked, there would probably be enough money to buy a new sofa.
She swung her legs onto the threadbare rug and stumbled over to the kitchen in her silk PJs, rubbing her heavy eyes. She filled the kettle with water and sat it on the stove. It took her several attempts to light the gas stove. She had to push in and hold the dial and press the spark button at the same time. She thumbed the sleep out of her eyes and checked the digital clock on the cooker. It was 8:05am.
Peter, hair akimbo, shuffled painfully into the room.
“Coffee?” she asked.
He yawned, nodding.
“I brought some quality stuff from London. We don’t need to be subjected to Mum’s dirt.”
She made two cups of coffee and handed one to Peter, who let out an “Ah” of pleasure.
“Thanks. I needed that.”
“So what’s the plan today?”
“Today I play dress-up and sit in Mum’s bedroom.
“Sounds good.”
“I haven’t finished. You’ll pamper me and take care of my every whim.”
Kate rolled her eyes. “That’s nothing new. Look, I’ve got to call Gerald and let him know I won’t be coming in this week.”
Peter choked on his coffee. “You haven’t told him yet?”
“I’m just about to.”
She pulled on a pair of Roberto Cavelli jeans and stepped out the back door. The chill morning air pressed against her. She took out her cell phone. On the screen was written, ‘15 Missed Calls and 12 New Messages’. Kate ignored them and accessed her contacts. Her hands were shaking. She took a deep breath and shook off her hands. Her trainers grew wet with dew. She got to the willow and sat on the swing. She lit a cigarette and pulled in a few deep calming breaths. She picked at her teeth with her fingernail, and then took another long pull on her cigarette. She tossed the cigarette, not even half-smoked, on the ground. It hissed when it met the moisture.
She dialed, hands still trembling. The phone rang twice. She was about to hang up when she heard a click on the other end of the line.
“Hello?” Gerald said.
Kate stood up. “Gerry?” She cleared her throat. “Uh… It’s Kate. I’ve got some bad news. It’s my mum. She’s ill. I can’t come in today.”
Gerald sighed. “Kate, we talked about this…”
“Yeah I know, but-”
“You can’t keep taking time off.”
“You’re right, but-”
“It’s not fair on the others, Kate.”
“I know, but this time I’m telling the truth.” She clapped her hand over her mouth.
“Your excuses weren’t true before?”
“Of course they were true.” Kate crossed her fingers. “I would never lie to you, Gerry. You know that.”
There was a pause.
“Gerry?”
“You’ve got to be here on time today, Kate.” His voice was hard and cold.
“I can’t get there by nine! I’m in Norfolk.”
“Then you’d better be here by lunchtime and work the extra hours tonight.”
“I can’t, Gerry. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t make me fire you, Kate. I don’t want to, but I will.”
“Gerry, please. Just give me this week off. You don’t know how much it’d mean to me.”
“Kate…”
“Please, Gerald. Please.”

2.
Peter added the finishing touches to his make-up. He closed his eyes and brushed his cheeks. He opened his eyes, looked at himself in the mirror and shook his head. He looked like a clown with too much blusher.
“Dressed in my mother’s clothes, putting make-up on and enjoying it. Pack him up boys, his mind’s as cracked as Humpty Dumpty’s.”
He heard the sound of the backdoor close as Kate came in.
Peter walked out of his mother’s bedroom and held out his arms, showing off his appearance. “Ta-da.”
Kate didn’t even look up. Her face was thunder.
“How’d it go?” he asked.
“Fine.”
“Did he let you have the week off?”
“No, but it’s all right. I made my decision to be here with you, and I’ll stick to it.”
“Thank you.”
Her smile was weak, her lips thin.
Peter wrapped a floral-printed arm around her shoulders. “Look, don’t worry. You’ll find another job. Something better.”
She nodded, looking close to tears.
“Look at me,” Peter said. “You’ll find someone new. Someone who’ll love you back.”
She nodded and offered a broken smile.
Peter clapped his hands together. “Do you want some breakfast? My treat.”
Kate looked at her watch. “Okay.”
“You got somewhere more pressing to be?”
“No.”
“Get the bacon out of the fridge. I’ll put the pan on.”
“I’ll pop to the toilet first, then give you a hand.”
“All right,” Peter said. “And I’ll make us another cup of coffee.”
Peter put the kettle on and took the bacon out of the fridge. He put a drop of vegetable oil in the pan and added the bacon. It began to sizzle. He took the bread out of the breadbin and buttered four slices. He heard a bang from the bathroom like someone had hit their knee or head on something hard. Mutters followed in high-pitched cadences that could only be expletives. Peter knocked on the bathroom door.
“Kate, are you all right in there?” he asked.
“I’m fine,” Kate said through the door. There was another bang.
“Are you sure?”
“I’m all right. It’s just a… tough one.” There was a yelp, and then a sound like snapping branches.
“I’m coming in.”
“No, don’t. I’m fine.”
Peter opened the door, which smacked into the sink. The toilet was bare. The three-foot bath with shower fixture was empty. The wind played with the shower curtain.
“Kate?” Peter said.
Kate’s head popped up, framed in the window, a sprig of something green in her hair.
“I can’t believe you fell out of the window!” Peter said, smacking his knee. “I’ll never let you live it down!”
Kate smiled, full of mischief and mayhem. Peter’s smile faded.
“Kate?”
Her eyes drifted to her left.
Peter followed her line of sight out the window, finding her car. His eyes turned to the sofa. Kate’s handbag was gone.
“Kate…” Peter said. “Don’t you dare.”
She ran.
“Kate! Don’t!”
He ran across the living room in two long strides, but banged his shin hard on the coffee table. He limped over to the door, stepping outside just in time to see Kate pull away in her car.
As the car sped past, he heard Kate say, “I’m sorry! It’s love! You can’t fight it! I’ll see you in a few days!” The rest of what she said was lost under the roaring engine. She pulled out of the drive, onto the road, on her way back to London.
Peter stood there, stunned.
“Mornin’ Hetty!” Albert called out over the hedge, setting down his hedge trimmer and waving. “I was just thinking about our little dinner Wednesday night…”
“Sorry, Albert,” Peter said in his mother’s voice, turning to go back into the trailer, “not right now.”
He closed the door and took a moment to think. Panic descended over him like a veil. “If you’re not here, I’m not here.”
He started to unbutton his dress. He sat the wig on the coffee table and pulled the dress off over his head. He heard a crunching sound outside. Through the window he saw an unfamiliar beaten-up green Ford Escort pull up beside the Ford Anglia.
“No, no, no, no, no,” Peter said.
“Good mornin’ Claire,” Albert said to the new arrival.
Peter ran toward the backdoor. He got wedged in the doorframe. He was still wearing the bodysuit. He reached for the zipper at the base of his neck. In his panic he was all fingers and thumbs and couldn’t draw it down more than two inches. Albert and the carer’s voices were distant and muffled.
Bleep bleep. Bleep bleep. Bleep bleep. Bleep bleep.
The fire alarm had been set off. The smoke from the bacon was thick and black. Peter ran to the stove and turned it off. He scooped up the pan and tossed the contents into the sink. He opened a window and waved a dish towel at the smoke until the fire alarm stopped. He leaned against the table, sweat pouring down his face.
He heard footsteps on the stones outside. Eyes wide with fear, Peter ran to the door on silent feet and turned the lock.
The handle rattled. Someone knocked. “Hetty? Hetty, are you all right?”
Peter turned and looked at the open backdoor. Sunlight filtered through the trees, highlighting the rolling green hills of the English countryside in the far distance. Peter sighed with regret and turned away from the vista of safety. He grabbed the wig from the table, his stomach twisting and turning.
“God, I’m not ready for this.”
He went through into his mother’s bedroom and re-affixed the wig in the mirror, pushing it in various directions. It was solid. Peter studied his handiwork in the mirror. Not great, but he didn’t have a lot of time.
Stones crunched as footsteps approached the bedroom window. The carer’s shadow leaned up against the glass, attempting to peer in.
“I can see you in there,” a soft voice said. “Come open the door, Hetty.”
“Not in a million years,” Peter muttered to himself.
His make-up was a little smudged. As Peter touched it up, he heard the zip of metal against metal as a key was slid into the lock.
“Hetty?” the carer’s voice called, inside now. “Aren’t you up yet?”
Peter didn’t move, barely even breathed. He dived under the blankets. He pulled the covers up like a child expecting the bogeyman.
“Hetty?” the care worker called. “Are you all right?”
The bedroom door creaked open. Peter pulled the sheets up under his eyes, his heart beating a thousand times a minute.
“Hetty?” the carer said, her thin frame approaching the bed. The little light that escaped the door caught the woman’s light-colored hair, the soft curves of one cheek, but nothing else. “Hetty, are you okay?”
Peter shook his head.
“Oh, Hetty,” the carer said, moving closer. “You had me worried. I thought I heard a fire alarm.”
Peter looked toward his alarm clock.
“It was your alarm clock? We need to get you a quieter one. It’s a wonder you don’t have a heart attack every time you wake up. Are you all right?”
Peter shook his head.
“Are you in pain?”
Peter nodded.
“Shall I call the doctor?”
Peter’s eyes went wide. He shook his head.
“Somebody’s been cooking in the kitchen. You know you’re not supposed to eat bacon. Shall I make you breakfast? A cup of tea?”
He nodded.
“The usual?”
He nodded.
“Okay,” the carer said. “You rest and I’ll make it for you.”
The carer left. Peter let out a sigh of relief. He picked up his phone, dialed, and ducked under the covers.
“Hello?” Kate said. Peter could hear the sound of the wind whipping past her window.
“You’ve got to get back here!” Peter hissed.
“I can’t. I’ve got to get to work.”
“Work? Never mind work! I thought you were going to keep your word.”
“Things… aren’t that simple.”
“Come back here now, or I’ll… I’ll…”
“You’ll what? You can’t harm me without harming yourself.”
“You scheming little-”
“Just give me a little time. I’ll convince Gerald to let me have time off, and I’ll be with you soon.”
“The carer’s here! What am I going to do?” his voice rose to an all-new whispered octave.
“She’s there?”
“Yes! The second she sees my face she’s going to know I’m not Mum. We’re going to get thrown in a loony bin. Or worse!”
“Calm down. No one’s going to find out.”
“The story will be in all the newspapers. I can see the headlines now: ‘Children Freeze Mother To Beat Taxman’, ‘Inheritance Tax Freeze’. All with a helpful full-size photograph of Mum, blue-skinned with frost.” He whimpered.
“You can’t leave, not with Mum still in the freezer. If you disappear now, it would cause a search and the police with sniffer dogs would be out looking for you. How long before they found you? Before they found Mum? Albert saw you and me at home yesterday. It would hardly take Sherlock Holmes to figure that one out. They might even try to pin her death on us.”
“So what do we do?”
“You stay put. Get rid of the carer.”
“How?”
“I don’t know. Just make up some excuse. I’ll talk to Gerald, convince him Mum is ill and get time off.”
“You’ll come back. We’ll defrost Mum, call the undertaker like we should have done in the first place, and it’ll all be over.”
“Or, we could stick to the original plan, and I keep everyone away.”
“No. This was a bad, bad idea. I want out.”
“We’ll see how you feel when I get there.”
“I know how I feel already-”
The door opened. Peter tucked the phone under the covers, under his backside, and pulled the blanket back up to his eyes. The carer, carrying a tray, looked about the room as if expecting to find something there.
“Are you okay? Thought I heard voices.”
“Just… talking to myself, uh, dear.”
There was the unmistakable toot of a car horn. Peter’s eyes went wide.
The carer looked at the bedcovers. “A bit gassy, Hetty?”
“A bit.” He fumbled under the covers and stabbed at the phone, hoping he was hitting the End Call button.
The carer sat the tray laden with food on the bedside table. “It’s awfully dark in here. Shall I open the window? It’s beautiful outside.”
Peter shook his head, but the carer had her back to him, and was already grabbing hold of the curtains.
“No!” Peter said with a little more force than he’d intended.
“No? But how will you be able to eat your breakfast? I don’t much relish the idea of having to clean your blankets. I only put fresh ones on Friday.”
Peter pointed to the bedside lamp.
“But the natural light is so much better for you.”
The carer reached up and pulled the curtains aside, flooding the room with horrible natural light. Peter pulled the sheet up to cover himself as if he were a vampire.
“Come on, Hetty,” the carer said, tugging at the sheet. “The sun isn’t that bright, and I’m sure you don’t look that horrible. And even if you do, it’s only me here, isn’t it?”
With trembling hands Peter lowered the blanket, revealing himself bit by bit. First his eyes, then his nose, his mouth and chin. He gauged the carer’s response.
“Oh, Hetty…”
He froze.
“You look awful. Let’s see if getting something inside you doesn’t help.”
The carer pulled up the chair and plonked herself down into it, the tray now on her knees. There was a bowl of porridge and some burnt-to-a-cinder toast. Around it sat three jars of condiments.
“So, what’ll be your poison today? Jam, marmalade or chocolate spread?”
“Uh… Jam, please.” Peter’s muscles began to relax, but he kept his eyes downcast.
The carer put a dab of jam into the porridge and mixed it. “You look… different today.”
“Oh?”
“Is this a new hairstyle?” she asked, reaching out to touch the strands with her fingers.
Peter jerked back.
“Is something wrong?”
Peter shook his head. “Sorry.” He ran his fingers through his hair. “My daughter – Kate – did it. No one should touch it for a few days, she said.”
“It’s nice. Maybe I should ask her to cut mine one day.”
“Good idea. Make sure to ask her the next time you see her.”
“Do you feel well enough to feed yourself today?”
Peter blinked, surprised by the question. “Yes, I can do it.”
The carer placed the tray on Peter’s lap. “Be careful. It’s hot.”
Peter suddenly realized how hungry he was. He shoveled the food into his mouth in large gulps.
“Slow down, Hetty. You’ll give yourself indigestion.”
He slowed down, but before long the bowl was empty.
“At least you’re eating well. Normally it’s hard to get you to eat half.”
Peter smiled. “I was hungry.”
“Here,” the carer said, handing over a few pills. “Take these.”
There were half a dozen. One was large and blue, and looked like a kidney bean. Another was smaller, but striped black and yellow. The others were white, with various inscriptions. He hesitated before putting them in his mouth and swallowing a sip of water.
“All gone?” the carer asked.
Peter nodded. He watched the carer’s shapely behind as she took the tray and made her way out of the room. The moment she was gone, Peter spat the pills out. He opened the bedside table, tossed them in, and hastily shut it.
Peter heard running water, clashing china and cutlery.
“I met your daughter Kate yesterday. Albert said your son Peter was here too,” her voice was faint, having to travel from the other room.
“Uh… Yeah. Peter went back to London with Kate. In her car.”
The carer was silent a moment. “You should get up. The bus will be here soon.”
Peter frowned. “I’m, uh, still feeling a bit under the weather, actually.” Peter let out a pathetic cough.
The carer came back into the bedroom drying her hands on a dish towel. She put a hand to his forehead and frowned.
“You do feel a bit hot. I’ll call Doctor Brightman. See if he can’t make a quick house call.”
“I don’t think it’s that serious. I just need a little rest, that’s all.”
“You’re eating well and look okay. Maybe going out will do you some good.”
“I don’t want to bother the doctor. I’m sure he’s got more important things to do.”
“Than looking after his favorite patient? I’m sure he won’t mind.”
“It’s all right. I’ll be fine.”
“Then you can go to the Red Rec.”
Peter looked up, weighing his options. “All right. Call the doctor.”
The carer left the room. Peter crossed his fingers.
Peter could hear the carer’s voice through the thin walls.
“Hello? Dr. Brightman? This is Claire. Yes, I’m fine thank you. How are you? Good, good. I’m over at Hetty’s and she’s feeling a bit under the weather… If it’s possible, yes. What time are you free? That sounds great. I’ll be here. Thank you again, doctor. Bye.” The carer returned. “Good news. Dr. Brightman will be here at around eleven o’clock.”
Peter looked at the alarm clock on his bedside table. It was ten o’clock already. “Great.”
“We’ve got an hour. What would you like to do? How about a quick game of checkers? If you’re up for it.”
She reached under the bed and came out with a box. She picked up the stool that sat under the vanity table and brought it over to the bed. She opened the box and took out the board and playing pieces.
“Do we have to play this now?” Peter said. “I’m not really in the mood.”
“You always say that,” the carer said, “and you always win. Dr. Brightman said we should do brain exercises every day, remember? Do you want to be white or black?”
He looked up and his breath caught in his throat. He saw the carer properly for the first time. The light from the window caught her across the neck and left side of her face. Her blonde hair glowed platinum white, and her skin shone a healthy shade of cream. Her eyes were a deep emerald green, conjuring images of the full blossoming of nature during summer. Peter gulped.
“You’re Claire Bleacher.”
“And you’re Hetty Loveridge. Which color?”
“Uh… Black.”
Claire had the habit of biting her bottom lip in concentration every time it was her turn. He couldn’t stop himself from staring at her whenever she did it. After twenty minutes of intense concentration – at least on Peter’s part – he was five pieces down.
“Come on, Hetty,” Claire said. “You have to concentrate. Otherwise there’s no point.” She had her legs folded beneath her. She kept looking from the pieces on the board to his face. “You’re not concentrating, Hetty.”
“Remind me again why we’re doing this?”
“Alzheimer’s.”
“To develop or avoid?”
Claire laughed. “Avoid, of course. Although if you don’t remember what the doctor said, maybe it’s a good thing we are playing.”
Peter chuckled.
Claire turned back to look at the board and bit her bottom lip with even greater fervor. Peter couldn’t take his eyes off it. She hopped over one of his pieces.
“You’re very quiet today,” Claire said. “Is something up?”
“No. But can I ask you a question?”
“Tell you what, every time you take one of my pieces, you can ask me a question. How about that?”
“Okay.”
The game changed. Peter took his time, concentrating on every move before he made it. He took one of her pieces.
“All right,” Claire said, smiling. “You just bought yourself one question, missy. What’ll it be?”
“You went to school with my son, Peter, didn’t you?”
“Yes, I did. Is that your question?”
“No, just confirming. I’m embarrassed I haven’t asked this before in… God, how long have you been taking care of me? Must be…”
“Four months.”
“Right. Four months. Embarrassing. My first question is: why did you choose to be a care worker?”
“You just wasted a perfectly good question, Hetty. I like helping people. That’s pretty much as far as it goes for me.”
“You never wanted to go to the big city?”
“You’re only allowed one question Hetty!” Her smile was warm and infectious. “But no, cities never held much attraction for me.”
They carried on playing. Peter lost two more pieces before he managed to take another one of hers – a suicidal piece that hurled itself at the enemy, removing one draught, but killing itself in the process.
Claire flinched.
“Expensive question, this one. You’d best make it good.”
“Do you remember my son, Peter?”
“Of course.”
Peter was surprised. “How?”
“You’re only allowed one question at a time, Hetty.”
Peter frowned.
“Oh, all right,” Claire conceded. “Because you talk about him all the time. How could I not remember him?”
Peter’s shoulders slumped. “Don’t believe everything I said about him. He’s actually a nice guy.”
Claire laughed.
“If I didn’t mention him – mention Peter, I mean – you wouldn’t have been able to remember him, would you?”
“I’m not sure. I probably could, why?”
“No reason.”
For the next ten goes, Peter played defensively. It seemed like every ten seconds Claire said, “King me.” Then she made a mistake, leaving herself open to attack. Peter kept his face unreadable. He knew exactly what question he wanted to ask.
The doorbell rang. It was dead-on eleven.
“That’ll be Dr. Brightman,” Claire said, getting up.
“But our game…”
“Let’s call it a draw.”
“But I had you on the ropes!”
Claire smiled. “You can beat me next time.”
Peter fell back onto his pillow.

3.
Kate pulled into the parking lot, tires squealing, at 10:18am. It had to be some kind of record. The engine made ticking noises as the metal cooled down from the heat. She had bombed her way down the highways, swerving around speed limit pansies, stopping for nothing. She’d kept an eye out for speed traps but hadn’t seen any.
She squeezed between the two front seats and popped the backseat. She reached into the boot. She rooted around until she found a black bag. She opened it and withdrew a Gaultier dress and Manolo Blahnik ankle-strap sandals. She looked out the windows for bystanders but saw none. She slipped out of her dirty clothes and into the dress. She pulled her hair back into a severe bun (it tended to go curly when she hadn’t washed it) and wiped her face vigorously with a wet wipe. She applied her face paint. She stuck to lighter shades to help disguise the bags under her eyes. She appraised herself in the mirror, wishing she’d packed some lip gloss.
Kate sailed into the call center as if she wasn’t late at all. The office was alive with the murmur of soft voices and tapping of keyboard keys. She turned on her computer and put the headphones on.
Lee leaned back in his chair, appearing from behind the partition wall with an expression of foreboding. But he always wore that expression – it was his default setting. Today he was dressed in a smart black suit, the collar open-necked to give his second chin room to breathe.
“Ger is not a happy man,” he said.
“Oh?”
“Maureen heard him complaining about an employee earlier. Said he was considering drastic action.”
Kate turned to look at him. “Drastic? How drastic?”
Lee looked over the thick frames of his glasses at her. “Drastic can only mean one thing, can’t it?”
Kate bit her bottom lip. She looked over at Gerald’s office, and then turned back to Lee.
“Did Maureen say-?”
Lee was gone.
“Kate,” a voice said from behind her.
Kate jumped.
“Can you come into my office, please?” Gerald’s tone was cold, his expression unreadable. Gerald was a fashionable dresser, favoring navy blue suits and pastel shirts. His masculine square chin offset the natural feminine curl of his blond hair. His eyes were deep-set, more often cast in shadow than not, but when the light caught them they sparkled like sapphires.
“I’m, ah, right in the middle of something,” Kate said.
“A sale?”
“No, not a sale-”
Gerald looked at her monitor. A cute kitten screen saver. It licked its paws and rubbed its nose.
Gerald glared at her. “Now please.”
He marched back to his office without waiting for a reply, leaving his office door open.
Lee materialized again and mouthed the word, “Drastic.”
Kate took off her headphones, pushed herself away from her desk and drifted toward the door like she were caught in a tractor beam. She stepped into Gerald’s office. He was sat behind his desk.
“Look Gerald, I’m really sorry about this morning, but my mum was genuinely ill and-”
“Kate, this is Donna Chapel.”
Donna, sat in a chair across from Gerald, stood up and offered her hand. Donna was around Kate’s age with dirty blonde hair, tied back with a Tesco brand scrunchy. Kate couldn’t identify the dress’s designer, which probably meant it was a cheap import. Her accessories were few, but tastefully chosen, matching the color of her dress. She was pretty in a homely kind of way. Her grip was strong.
“Donna just joined our sales team as Assistant Team Leader. I thought it might be nice for our top salesperson – and her new boss – to show her around.”
“I wasn’t aware we were looking for new employees,” Kate blurted.
“We weren’t, but when I saw Donna’s CV, I thought she would make a wonderful addition to our team. Can you show her around, please?”
“Sure,” Kate said, lips tight. “No problem.”
No one made a move, and Kate realized they were waiting for her to take the lead. “Follow me.”
Donna stepped through the door first. Her hips swayed in such a way as to draw the eye. It gained the eye of every perverted male employee as she strode through the call center.
As Kate brought Gerald’s office door closed behind her, Gerald said, “And Kate?”
“Yes, sir?”
“If you’re late one more time, I’m afraid I’ll have to take drastic action.”

4.
Dr. Brightman was a short bald old man. His arms were stick-thin; barely able to carry the leather satchel he had with him. He wore a deep-pocketed brown suit that was fashionable circa 1850. The elbows had cream colored patches of different shades. He had a Casio digital watch missing its strap and kept it where the pocket watch was supposed to be.
Hetty’s bedroom was crowded with three people in it.
“Hetty,” Dr. Brightman said, “I hear you’re feeling a little out-of-sorts today.”
“And yesterday,” Claire said. “Isn’t that right, Hetty?”
“Yes, but I’m really feeling much better now. Probably just a bug. It’s nothing serious.”
Dr. Brightman smiled, cheeks forming deep dimples. “I might as well give you a quick looking over.”
“No, really,” Peter said. “I’m fine. You’re wasting your time.”
“I’ll be the judge of that. Where does it hurt?”
Peter thought for a moment. “My neck.”
“This will only take a minute. I must have something of the Healing Touch about me. Every time I see someone, they say they’re cured.”
Dr. Brightman opened the black satchel that had been sewn back together so many times the only thing that remained of the original was the handle. It was one of those where opening the top resulted in a small shelving unit popping up from its depths. The doctor picked up what looked like a wooden lollypop stick.
“The pinnacle of medicinal technology,” he said. “Say ‘ah’, please.”
Peter did. The doctor put the stick on Peter’s tongue and peered around at the inside of his mouth. “Hmm…”
“What is it?” Claire said, concerned.
“Hetty’s tonsils are a little swollen. Nothing to worry about. And I see more than one cavity here. Enjoy your sweet foods, do you Hetty?”
Claire frowned. “She doesn’t eat sugar these days.”
Dr. Brightman smiled with his whole face. “You can’t watch her every minute of every day. I suspect she’s been sneaking in a few sweets while you’re away.”
Claire glared at Peter. “And you with your high blood pressure.”
“Now, now, no need to get hysterical. A sweet now and then never did anybody any harm. I’m quite partial to liquorice myself. Any other problems, Hetty? Any other aches and pains I should know about?”
Peter shook his head. “No.”
“Wouldn’t it be best to get a full check-up, doctor?” Claire said. “Just in case?”
“No,” Peter said, “I’m really all right.”
“Yes,” the doctor said, ignoring Peter’s protests, “you’re probably right. Better safe than sorry.” He reached for the quilt. Peter clamped his hands down on it. “Hetty, if you would…”
“‘Would’ what?”
“Step out of bed.”
“What for?”
“So I can give you a check-up.”
“I don’t need a check-up.”
“Humor me.”
Peter looked from Dr. Brightman to Claire and back again. “This is harassment!”
“This is healthcare.”
Claire stepped forward. “Hetty, he’s only trying to help.”
Peter hugged the quilt tight to his chest. “What do you want to do?”
Dr. Brightman shrugged. “A check-up.”
“Specifically.”
“Hetty,” Claire said, “we’ve done this a hundred times. There can’t be many surprises now.”
Peter pointed a finger at the doctor. “No funny business.”
Peter got out of bed, remembering to maintain a slight stoop as he did so. He was covered head to foot in bedclothes. Besides his face and hands, not an inch of skin was visible.
“At least we know you’re not cold,” Dr. Brightman said. “Come step on the scales, please.”
Peter did.
“Eleven stone, ten ounces.”
“She’s put on weight,” Claire said, beaming at Peter.
“Yes,” the doctor said. “Under the circumstances it’s a very good sign.”
“I’ll go make up a cup of tea,” Claire said, leaving the room.
The doctor put his stethoscope to Peter’s chest, frowned, then moved it to another spot, and frowned again. He looked at Peter. “You’re dead.”
“I’m sorry?”
“No pulse. Pop your shirt off, please.”
“What?”
“Remove your shirt.”
“Why?”
“I need to check your heart rate.”
“Why do I need to take my clothes off for that?”
“A stethoscope doesn’t work too well through several layers of clothing.”
“Dr. Brightman,” Peter said, “I never lift my shirt up to a man I hardly know.”
“Hardly know? My dear woman, we’ve known one another for nigh-on twenty-five years!”
“That’s no reason to assume a lady will lift up her shirt every time she’s asked. Give it to me, and I’ll put it on.”
The doctor sighed. Peter took the stethoscope, put it up under his clothes and unzipped the bodysuit. At the zipping sound, Dr. Brightman said, “Good gracious, Hetty. What are you wearing under there?”
Peter didn’t dignify that with a response. He put the cold disc to his chest.
Dr. Brightman listened. “Seems to be in order.”
Next, the doctor pressed on Peter’s abdomen, which made him need to pee, and then moved about Peter’s body tapping him like he were a drum. “How’s your cough?”
“Uh, fine.”
“Fine?”
“Yes. All gone.”
“Gone? You would be a miracle of medicine if it’d gone completely.”
Peter covered his mouth and coughed. “I do still have it a little.”
Dr. Brightman put his equipment back in his leather satchel and then looked at Peter as if he were studying a painting.
“What is it?” Peter said, his palms growing sweaty.
“There’s something different about you today that I can’t quite put my finger on…”
“Are you nearly finished in here?” Claire said, stepping into the room with a cup of tea for the doctor.
The doctor took a moment to answer. “Yes, all done.”
“How is she?”
“She’s in great shape. Better than she’s been in years, in fact.”
Claire looked relieved. “Did you hear that, Hetty? The doctor thinks you’re fine.”
“That’s what I’ve been saying,” Peter said.
Dr. Brightman drained the tea all in one go. “Lovely cup of tea, dear.” He turned to Peter. “Never lie to your doctor, Hetty. The body reveals what the mouth doesn’t.” He froze then, peering into Peter’s eyes.
Peter’s heart raced. The doctor’s grey eyes were like beams from an alien ship, drilling into him.
Claire looked from the doctor to Peter and back again. “Well, thank you for coming, doctor. I’ll show you to the door.”
“Yes,” Dr. Brightman said, frowning with distraction. “Yes.”
Claire led him to the door. She held it open, but he didn’t pass through.
“Actually,” he said, frowning. “I think she’s in a little too good a shape.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’ve been Hetty’s doctor for nigh-on thirty years. I know her medical history better than anyone.”
“So?”
“So Hetty’s never been so healthy. Either she’s discovered the fountain of eternal youth, or I could swear she’s gotten younger.”
“Okay…” Claire said with a look of confusion. “Well, thank you, doctor.”
She closed the door behind him. After a pause she broke out into a smile, shaking her head. “Getting younger! Who doctors the doctors?”

5.
Donna was a disturbingly good listener. She absorbed everything Kate said, and then waited for an appropriate break in the conversation before asking a question. And Donna had dropped more than enough vacuous comments expressing her interest in Gerald such as: “Does Gerald often work late?” and “How would you describe Gerald’s managerial style? Hands-on or laid back?” and “He seems to like taking command.” This last she’d said with a wicked smile across her big kissable lips.
Apparently dissatisfied with Kate’s unrevealing answers, Donna gave up pretenses altogether, huddled up close, and said, “He’s a bit of a dish, isn’t he?” She put a hand over her mouth, doing nothing to cover a high-pitched giggle. “What can you tell me about him? Is he married?”
Kate shuffled the papers in front of her into order. “We’d best concentrate on work, don’t you think?”
The tour had led them to the company lunchroom. The vending machines stood like guards protecting their valuables. The fan kicked in, sending low hums vibrating across the floor and into the dining tables. Maureen perused the food on show, preoccupied with her selection. She had insufficient funds in hand, ear pointed directly at Kate and Donna.
Sat at the table furthest from Maureen’s prying ears, Kate focused her attention on Donna’s CV. It turned out Donna had a daunting amount of sales experience, having worked at all the major telesales companies including RebTel, TelPlus and TelMark.
“How long did you work at these companies?” Kate asked.
“Various lengths.”
“On average?”
“About six months.”
Kate’s eyebrows rose. “Six months? Why so short?”
“Short?” Donna said, blinking in a rehearsed show of surprise. “It wasn’t short – not to me, anyway.”
“What do you mean? Were things difficult there?”
Donna looked away, as if pained by the memory.
“Why do you change jobs so often? You could have been a manager by now.”
Donna shrugged. “I get bored, feel pinned down. Don’t you ever feel like that? Like it’s time to move on?”
Kate sipped her Coke, not answering the question.
Donna edged closer. “Tell me about Gerald. What does he usually do after work?”
“Let’s try and focus, shall we?”
“If you want to know about Gerald,” Maureen said, not taking her eyes off the snacks, “Kate’s the one to ask. She knows everything there is to know about him.”
Kate glared at her.
Donna’s eyes sparkled. “Really? Can you tell me what he likes?”
“I’m not sure if office romances are a good idea.”
“Come on, Kate. You must have had a little fun at work sometimes.”
“No.”
“But you dress up so nice. You must be dressing up for someone.”
“I’m interested in fashion.”
“Me too.”
Kate gave Donna’s ensemble another look. She sniffed. She put Donna’s CV down. “So you really want to know about Gerald?”
“Sure.” She shifted closer.
Kate lowered her voice, causing Maureen to drift closer. “First of all, you’re wearing entirely the wrong clothes. He doesn’t like flashy clothes. He likes plain clothes.”
“Plain clothes. Got it.”
“Things you’d normally wear around the house. Comfortable jeans, T-shirts, trainers…”
“Trainers?”
Kate shrugged. “He’s a mysterious man.”
“Sounds like it.” Donna frowned. “But he’s well dressed.”
“It’s all a show.”
“A show?”
“A show. To contain that life-loving teen he is on the inside. He might not look like it, but he’s actually quite adventurous. He loves adventure sports.”
“Really? I would never have guessed.”
“Don’t wear jewelry. No broaches or belts – or anything suggesting style in any way. You can keep your hair the way it is.”
Donna blew out an exhausted puff of air. “He sounds high maintenance.”
“It’s high maintenance to be low maintenance.”
Donna bit into her biscuit. “Are you sure he likes all this stuff?”
“Positive. Many women have tried to bag him and failed, and it’s because they were always trying too hard.”
“But you’re stylish…”
“I’m not interested in him,” Kate said. Getting into it now, Kate huddled up close to Donna. “Now, if you really want a chance with Gerald, here’s what you need to do…”

6.
Bimp bimp!
Claire looked out the window and waved at someone. “Hetty, your bus is here.”
Peter sat in an armchair. He balled up his hands into tight fists, then let them relax and formed fists again. “I’m not sure if I should go.”
“The doctor gave you a clean bill of health. You should go.”
“Doctors don’t know everything.”
“How about this, if you don’t feel well when you get there, you can give me a call and I’ll come pick you up. How’s that?”
“If I don’t go, I’ll save you the trip.”
Bimp bimp!
Claire picked up a long woolly cardigan with wild strands of fiber sticking up. She held out for Peter to put on. “The bus is waiting, Hetty. Come on.”
“I really don’t want to.”
“I know, but it’ll be good for you. Besides, you love the Red Rec. You always look forward to going. We both know it’ll do you good to get out.”
She took Peter by the hand – her hand was soft as velvet – and led him outside. He blinked in the sunshine, eyes adjusting. The birds tweeted and hopped from branch to branch. The boughs swayed in a listless wind. Peter felt sick. A postman pulled up on a bike and handed Peter his mail.
“Thank you,” Peter said. He double took the postie, peering at his face. He was gone before Peter could recognize him. He tucked the letters in his pocket.
Parked across the road was a blue mini-bus with, ‘caring in the community’ written across the side. Some kind person had spray-painted an ‘s’ before the word ‘caring’ so it read, ‘scaring in the community’. The door hissed open, and an overweight man with greasy hair and smudged glass lenses came down the stairs. He wore a T-shirt with Metallica on it, and heavy boots with silver chains on them. The laces were untied.
“Step lively,” he said, smiling amiably at Claire. “Afternoon.” His eyes drifted down every time he thought she wasn’t looking.
“Sorry for the delay, Derek.”
“Oh, it’s no problem.” Derek flashed his best smile, turned to Peter and raised his voice when he spoke. “How are you doing today, Hetty? All right?”
“Fine, thank you,” Peter said in a more reasonable volume of voice.
“She’s not feeling very well today,” Claire said.
“Oh dear,” Derek said.
“If she complains of pain at any moment, give me a call.”
Derek grimaced like he’d just experienced a jolt of pain. “I’m afraid I don’t have your number.”
“Do you have Bump?”
“Sure.” They bumped their phones and their contact details were transferred. Derek stared at his screen like he’d chosen the winning lottery numbers.
“Goodbye, Hetty,” Claire said.
“Maybe I can bump you again sometime.” Derek chuckled.
Peter ambled up the steps of the bus. There was the distinct old people smell of unwashed cardigans and dead skin that would never wash out. He had entered Death’s waiting room. There was so much blue hair it looked like a Cookie Monster convention. Some looked up, most didn’t. An arm waved enthusiastically at him, but he ignored it. He moved down the aisle and found a pair of empty seats. He sat in the one closest to the window.
Derek climbed onto the bus and watched Claire’s shapely behind as she made her way back to her car. “I wouldn’t mind checking out your bumps, love,” Derek said in a low voice reserved for such comments. “Deary deary me.” He took out a handkerchief from his back pocket and mopped his brow and sweaty top lip.
He turned to the congregation. His smile sank into a sneer of derision. “All right old timers. I want no standing, no walking, no screaming, no rough-housing – I’m looking at you Betty – no eating, no accidental peeing or crapping. Is that understood?”
Derek clapped his hands together. “So, where shall we go today? A casino? A nudist colony? I’m looking at you, Dorris.”
The passengers laughed, or rather hacked. There was an element of routine about the performance.
“All right, all right, don’t hurt yourselves,” Derek said, squeezing his giant girth behind the steering wheel and pushing a lever that shut the door with a tired hiss. “The Red Rec Community Center it is, then.”
Peter watched as Claire got into her car and reversed out the driveway. Peter cradled the packed lunch box Claire had made for him to his chest and looked around at his comrades. Not one of them was under seventy. One man was hooked up to an oxygen tank.
As Derek crunched the gears into first and the bus sputtered into action, someone fell into the empty seat beside Peter. He leaned in close, no more than a few inches from Peter’s nose. He was a small squirrel of a man, revealing large front teeth every time he smiled. His clothes hung from him the way a coat would hang from a skeleton; a three-inch gap between the cuff and wrist. His voice was croaky and high-pitched – as if a frog could talk.
“I heard you weren’t very well, Het,” he said. “But you look all right to me.”
“I feel a bit better now.”
“Why didn’t you sit next to me? I waved, but you kept going.”
“Uh… I didn’t notice you.”
“Yes you did,” he said, pouting. “You looked right at me.”
“I was a million miles away.”
“No you weren’t – you were right here! What a lie that is! I saw you with me own eyes!”
“I don’t mean I was literally a million miles away…”
The squirrel man’s eyes clouded over. Lost, confused, or both.
“Yes, you’re right. I saw you. I’m sorry I lied. Are we still friends?”
The squirrel man’s face was slow to smile, his face a maze of wrinkles and folds. “Of course we are.”
He reached into his coat with quick movements and came out with a half-crushed packet of biscuits. “Want one?”
“No thanks.”
A pained expression crossed the old man’s face. “Oo. Be right back.”
He got up and walked unsteadily down the aisle of the bus toward Derek. “Listen, Derek-”
“Now what did I say about getting up and wandering around on the bus, Frank?”
“I know, and I’m sorry Del, but do you mind if we make a quick pit stop?”
“Can’t it wait? We’re almost there.” Derek said it as if they were on a mission to save the earth and to stop meant annihilation.
Frank danced foot to foot. “No. I’m desperate.”
“It’s always desperate. And it’s every time, Frank. Every time I get on this bus, you need to take a piss. Is it something about me? Do I offend you in some way? What is it about me that causes you to urinate? It’s all right, you can say. I won’t be offended.”
Frank shrugged. “I just need to go. It’s the swaying of the bus going up and down and up and down and up and down and up and…”
“I get the picture, Frank. Jees. I’ll pull over at the next garage.”
“Thanks.”
A look of concern spread across Derek’s face.

7.
Sir Pumpalot was a local garage with a single mottled green pump, the nozzle hanging from a piece of frayed twine. It was the only garage for miles and prices were often cited as among the highest in the country. Only those with flagging fuel gauges ever stopped to fill up, and never filled up a drop more than they had to.
Derek parked the bus in an empty bay and eyed a small gang of youths stood on the forecourt, cracking jokes and making wise.
“To the toilet and back again,” Derek said to Frank. “No sightseeing.”
Frank, in his heavy coat, bounced down the steps, drawing the teenagers’ attention. He was odd to look at in his over-sized coat and woolly hat. He moved with quick bird-like steps. The teenagers grinned at him, shaking their heads as he moved toward the restroom. They broke out into laughter, mimicking Frank’s odd gait.
“Phwoar! Did you smell that?” one of them said, pinching his nose. “He must have shit his pants.”
“We musta scared him,” another one put in.
Derek mumbled to himself in impotent rage. The gang leader looked over at the bus, and Derek’s eyes veered away, suddenly preoccupied by the radio dial.
Ten minutes later Frank emerged from the toilet, a relieved grin on his face. He returned to the bus and took his seat beside Peter.
“You all right?” Derek asked Frank.
“Empty,” Frank said with a big grin on his face.
Derek scowled at the teenagers, closed the door and drove on.

8.
The Red Rec was often referred to as the Blight of Buntford. More parts had been donated to restore it than what remained of the original building. Each window had a different design; altered French windows, and modern double-glazing. There was even a stained glass window donated by the church. The Red Rec represented the local community more than any other structure, because it had essentially been rebuilt by the local community. They could all claim ownership of it in one way or another.
“All right,” Derek said, parking across four empty parking lot spaces. “Here we are.”
The first off the bus – and in a great hurry – was Frank. He held his lower stomach with both hands and bolted as fast as his aged legs would carry him.
“The man’s got a bladder the size of a peanut, I swear,” Derek said.
A group of ten year olds played basketball with a patched-up ball and a hollowed-out laundry basket for a hoop in the court outside. A pair of girls passed a plastic ball to one another with hockey sticks.
To one side stood a group of men wearing suits. There was a sense of purpose in their movements, the way they looked at the community center and made gestures with their hands, waving and pointing to certain parts of it. They had big smiles on their faces. Watching them was Derek, who was decidedly not smiling.
“Who are they?” Peter said.
“Developers. They want to build a golf course here. They’ve had their beady little eye on this place for years, but as there’s still community involvement they can’t have it.”
“So what’s the problem?”
“He’s the problem.”
Derek pointed to the man in the center of the group. His hair was as white as snow, despite his being a good ten years younger than the next youngest man there. He was dressed in a sharp suit with an open shirt, exposing his powerful chest. His close cut made his head look square. He was nodding along to what the other men were saying.
“Adam Dukes,” Derek said. “He’s the local council member in charge of development. He’s meant to protect this land, not give it away to the highest bidder. They know they can’t get people to stop using the community center, so instead they’ve let it get rundown.”
Derek spat. “If somebody doesn’t do something soon we’ll lose this place. Then what’ll the elderly do around here? Take up caddying?”
Adam Dukes and the developers shook hands, turned, and walked away.
As Peter walked toward the community center entrance he passed a big noticeboard nailed to the wall. The small advertisements for local services and items for sale shied away from the large poster in the middle as if it were toxic. In big black-on-white lettering was written:
 
DUE TO LACK OF FUNDS AND HEALTH AND SAFETY CONCERNS THE RED REC COMMUNITY CENTER WILL BE CLOSED PERMANENTLY ON SUNDAY 30TH MARCH 2014. DEMOLITION TO BE SET AT A LATER DATE. WE APOLOGIZE FOR ANY INCONVENIENCE CAUSED.
NORTH HERTFORDSHIRE DISTRICT COUNCIL.
 
A breeze rifled the notices on the board and caused the poster to flutter. Something in the bottom left, like a small inkblot stain, caught Peter’s eye. He moved closer until his nose was almost touching the page.
In tiny type, the letters almost on top of each other, was written:
 
IF A FUND OF £5,000 IS RAISED TO ALLEVIATE HEALTH AND SAFETY CONCERNS BEFORE THE DATE OF CLOSURE THE RED REC COMMUNITY CENTER MAY NOT BE DEMOLISHED.
NORTH HERTFORDSHIRE DISTRICT COUNCIL.

9.
The paint peeled from the walls, an occasional flake finding its way to a bald liver-spotted bonce. Half-full buckets sat like potholes, an occasional droplet plunking into it. It hadn’t rained in days, so God knows where it was coming from. Nineteen fifties music drifted lazily from the speakers, which hissed every time a low or high note was hit outside its short range. There were foldaway tables and picnic benches full of pensioners playing dominoes and card games. At the end of the room was a small TV with daytime talk shows playing, pensioners perched around it with blankets on their laps, like tortoises without their shells on. Many had their chins on their chests, snoring lightly.
With his lunchbox tucked under one arm and butterflies doing the tango in his stomach, Peter felt like he was on his first day of school.
“Hetty! Hetty! Over here! Over here!”
Three crones sat at a table waving in Peter’s direction. He looked around himself. Their shouting got louder and Peter realized they must have been calling him. As he approached them, another old woman got up and moved toward the crones. Peter slowed. But the three old crones pushed the new arrival away saying, “Not you! The other Hetty! That Hetty!” and pointed their gnarled fingers at Peter.
The other Hetty scowled at Peter, grumbled to herself, and skulked to another table. Peter walked over to the three old crones and took a seat.
“Well?” Agnes said with expectation. Agnes’s fingers weaved around the pearls she wore at her neck, her nose up at an almost ninety-degree angle. She looked past it at Peter.
“‘Well’ what?” Peter said.
“We thought you might not be coming today,” Molly said. Molly had the biggest blue bouffant Peter had even seen. It made her head look tiny.
“I, uh… almost didn’t,” Peter said, looking from one wrinkled face to another.
“What happened?” Agnes said.
“I didn’t feel very well this morning.”
Mumbled “Oh dear”s went round the table.
“Did Claire take care of you all right?” Agnes asked.
Peter nodded. “Yes, thanks.”
“She’s a good girl, your Claire,” Phyllis said to Agnes. Phyllis appeared to have two noses, but upon closer inspection Peter realized the second nose was actually an unfortunate amalgamation of warts and boils. Peter couldn’t help but stare at the giant wart-nose. Apparently neither could Phyllis, as she was cross-eyed.
“She is,” Agnes agreed. “I wish someone good would come into her life and give her what she deserves.”
Now Peter looked at Agnes, there was a resemblance between her and Claire around the eyes and nose.
Peter cleared his throat. “Claire seemed a bit down today,” he said. “Any particular reason? Not boyfriend trouble, I hope.”
Agnes shook her head. “Not likely. She seemed all right this morning when she left.”
“It must have been the sight of Hetty’s face,” Phyllis said. She wheezed – what Peter assumed was supposed to be a laugh. The wart wobbled.
“You can talk,” Molly said. “I could never help but wonder how your Bernie managed to get it up for all those years.”
Phyllis smiled. “There are ways.”
“Ladies, ladies,” Agnes said. “I’m not sure this is the appropriate topic for a Monday afternoon.”
Phyllis pouted. “No time is appropriate according to you.”
“Everything has its own time and place.”
“Have you slept with every man in the village yet, Phyllis?” Molly asked.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Phyllis said, chuckling. “The Packmores at number sixty-three only moved in yesterday.”
Peter shivered.
“Hetty, have you done something with your hair?” Agnes asked.
“Uh, yeah. Do you like it? Kate did it for me.”
“It’s lovely,” Claire’s mum said. “Suits you down to the ground.”
“Suits you down to when you’re in the ground!” Phyllis cackled. “Do you reckon she’d do my hair?” She ran a hand through her hair and struggled to extract her ensnared fingers.
Peter shrugged. “I’m sure she’d love to.”
“It’s not just your hair,” Agnes said, frowning at Peter. “Something else looks different.”
“Do it?” Peter replied. He gulped.
“Yes… There’s something about your skin…” Agnes clicked her fingers. “Your wrinkles are almost gone! That’s what it is! You look younger! Normally when I speak to you, I half-expect there to be an echo, your wrinkles are so deep. But they’re not as pronounced as before.”
“Oh yeah,” Molly said, leaning in.
“I’ve, uh, been using a new cream,” Peter said.
“From the pits of Aphrodite, no doubt!” Phyllis said.
All the assembled women took out small notebooks and pens.
“Well?” Agnes said.
“Well what?” Peter said.
“What’s the name of the cream? You can’t keep it to yourself, you know.”
“Uh… All right, I’ll be honest. It’s from, uh, my garden.”
“You grew it in your garden?” Molly said in disbelief.
“No, it is my garden. The dirt. I was planting seeds, I wiped my hand across my forehead and when I woke up the skin on my face was tight, so I put more on.”
They stared at him in stunned silence.
“Give us some,” Phyllis said.
“I will,” Peter said. “You just have to pop round.”
“I’ll pop round all right,” Phyllis said. “Pop round with a JCB.” She hacked, and looked for somewhere to spit. She rummaged amongst her pockets and came out with a handkerchief. She unloaded into it.
“Everyone has a secret,” Molly said, snapping the elastic band over her notebook.
“And we know everyone’s secret in the village,” Phyllis said with pride.
Peter gulped, looking from one wrinkly face to another.
Molly dealt the cards like a professional dealer. They were all silent a moment, rifling through their cards and putting them into some kind of order. Peter picked up his own hand and tried to figure out what game they were about to play.
“Four hearts,” Agnes said.
“Four spades,” Molly said.
“Five clubs,” Phyllis said.
It was Peter’s turn. He looked closely at his cards again. “Do you all mind if I sit this one out? It’s been a hard day.”
“We’ve already started,” Agnes said.
“I’m not in the mood.”
“And we need four players. Don’t be a party pooper.”
Peter looked at his cards again and, plucking a number and suit from the air, said, “Five spades?”
No one complained. As the others played with an apparent strategy, Peter put down his cards at random. If he was playing wrong, no one seemed to notice.
Claire’s mother put down a card and picked up the set. “Did you know the kids can’t use the swimming pool here unless someone watches them?”
“Like a life guard?” Molly asked, giant blue bouffant nodding. “Of course there has to be a life guard.”
“Besides them. They want extra people to watch the kids. I was thinking of taking up a day or two. Would you lot be up for it?”
“How old are the kids?” Phyllis asked with a glint in her eye. “Twenty-one? Twenty-two?”
“Nine or ten.”
“That’s too young,” Phyllis said, tossing down a card.
“Too young for what?”
“To have developed a good trim figure.”
Claire’s mother shook her head. “That’s all you think about.”
“We’re only human.”
“You’re not!” Claire’s mother laid another card and took the pile. She had four now. “Het?”
“Watching kids swim?” Peter said. “I’m not sure…”
“Kids are our future,” Agnes said. “We have to all help raise and nurture them. Parents these days are too busy to take care of their kids properly. At least we’ve got plenty of time on our hands.” She took another set. “What’s wrong with you today, Hetty? You’re all over the place.”
“Sorry,” Peter said. “I’m just a bit distracted, that’s all.”
“I’ll say. I haven’t seen you lose this bad in… well, ever.”
There was a loud cracking sound. Heads turned and looked up to find a piece of ceiling about a foot square break off and land in a bucket, splashing a slumbering man. He didn’t notice, and carried on snoring.
“This place is falling apart,” Molly said.
“Won’t be here for much longer,” Agnes said, shaking her head. “The council will tear it down.”
“They wouldn’t really do that,” Molly said. “Without it, what would there be to do around here?”
“I heard they’re going to build a golf course,” Agnes said.
“Bloody council,” Molly said. “What do we pay our council tax for if we don’t get anything in return?”
“I don’t know what I’d do without this place,” Phyllis said.
“Yes you do” Molly said. “You’d be in bed with one fellow or another from the village.”
“Dead right there. The bed rocking, the room shaking…”
“Phyllis!” Agnes said. “Leave off will you!”
Peter felt sick to his stomach.
“Some people are just jealous,” Phyllis said.
“We’ve got to do something about this place,” Agnes said. “We can’t just let them take it away from us.”
“How are we going to do that?” Molly said, blue bouffant bobbing.
Phyllis shrugged. “There’s always pester power. It’s how things usually get done in this country.”
“Claire is doing her best,” Agnes said, “but she needs help.”
Peter felt himself sagging into his chair. His eyes were heavy and his movements slow. He rubbed his face with his hands. He put his cards down on the table and stood up.
“Excuse me.”
In a corner on a rickety old table sat the tea-making facilities. He made himself a cup of instant coffee. A sign read, ‘20p per cup’. He deposited twenty pence into the empty ice cream tub they were using as a cash register. He walked back to his seat, blew the steam off the coffee and sipped. He grimaced.
Everyone sat staring at him, wide-eyed.
Phyllis’s hand was held, frozen, halfway through dealing a card. “By Jove…”
“Hetty, are you feeling all right?” Molly said.
“I’m fine. Why?” He looked down at the object of their fascination: the cup of coffee in his hand. “Oh. I, uh, found twenty pence on the floor outside.”
They nodded as if that made sense, but he could see the question on their faces: Then why didn’t you save it? No one voiced it. They played the rest of the game in silence.

10.
Claire rinsed the last dish and set it on the draining board. Since returning at 5pm she’d cooked dinner, done the laundry and was now polishing off the washing up.
Peter sat in a dusty old armchair – the very same his mother had occupied until very recently. It had been a tiring day. His eyelids were heavy and his head nodded, almost dunking into the lentil soup Claire had made him – as if he really were sixty years old.
“I might go for a nap,” Peter said, getting to his feet.
“A nap?” Claire said, surprised. “You?”
“I’m tired.”
“I thought naps were ‘for those of weak heart and mind’?”
Peter stretched. “I suppose I could stay up…”
“I’m only teasing. Get a nap. It’ll do you some good.”
Peter stopped on his way to the bedroom. “My son might drop by later.”
“Oh?”
“He wants to come check on me. He’s such a caring person. One of the most loving people I know. I wish he could find a lovely girl to be with. Any woman would be happy with him. If he comes, can you let him in?”
“Sure. Do you need my help getting ready for bed?”
“No, dear. I’ll be fine.”
“Sleep well.”
Peter went into the bedroom and shut the door. There was no lock. He jammed a stopper under the door with a swift kick. He pulled the dress over his head and unzipped the bodysuit, tucking them under the bedspread to make a rough sleeping Mum shape. He removed his wig and put it on the pillow. He stood back and admired his handiwork.
He heard footsteps in the hall outside the door.
“Hetty? Are you in bed yet?”
Peter pressed his weight against the door. The handle was cold on his bare bottom. “No dear, not yet. What’s up?”
“I almost forgot – you need to take your medicine – after meals, remember?”
“Oh yes. I, uh, can skip them this one time.” He cursed under his breath.
“Not on my watch, missy. Open up.” She pushed on the door. It didn’t budge.
Peter let the door open a crack and held out his palm. “Pass the pills through the door.”
“Just open the door.”
“I’m all in my birthday suit. I’ll not be having you ogling me.”
“All right,” Claire said, resigned. She handed the pills over. “Here.”
Peter let the door open a little more for the glass of water to pass through. He gulped loudly for Claire’s benefit, and then passed the glass back.
“Thank you, dear.”
“Sleep well.” Claire headed away.
Peter let out a relieved sigh.
He waited until he heard her footsteps on the kitchen linoleum. He moved to the vanity table and rubbed make-up remover on his face, wiping it off with cotton buds. He put on his Peter costume. The clothes hung from him, comfortable.
He moved to the window and looked out. The driveway was empty, and Albert was nowhere to be seen. He hesitated, shook his head, and climbed out the window, banging his leg on the frame in the process. He landed awkwardly. He rubbed his shin. He limped around the trailer to the front door.
He ran his hands through his hair and knocked on the door. Then he caught his reflection in the glass. The light caught the metal in each of his ears. Peter grabbed at his lobes and successfully unhooked an earring. He reached up to remove the other one when the door opened.
Claire peeked out. “Can I help you?”
Peter, hand on ear as if in thoughtful repose, said, “I’m Peter. Hetty’s son.” His voice croaked, having not been used all day.
Claire smiled. “Hetty said you would be coming over. Come in.” Claire closed the door behind him. “Your mum’s taking a nap. Would you like me to let her know you’re here?”
Peter tugged on the earring. His eyes watered. “No, that’s okay. I’ll see her later. Do you mind if I use the bathroom?”
“It’s your home.”
Peter rushed to the bathroom and carefully removed the earring. It bled. He swaddled it, soaking up the blood. Twenty minutes passed before it stopped.
Claire knocked on the bathroom door. “Are you all right in there?”
“I’m fine.”
He washed the ear, then tossed the blood-stained tissues into the toilet and flushed. He emerged.
Claire stood behind the ironing board. She folded one of his mother’s dresses and set it to one side. “Better?”
“Yes, thank you.”
“I just need to finish this, then I’ll be out of your hair.”
“No rush. I’m going to make a cup of tea. Would you like one?”
“That would be great. Milk, no sugar, please.”
He filled the kettle.
An awkward pause.
“Uh, shall I fold?”
“That’s okay. I can do it.”
Another pause.
“So, what brings you to Buntford?” Claire asked.
“I wanted to check on Mum.”
“She’s been acting a bit strange today.”
“Strange how?”
“Taking naps, for one.”
“She’s getting on now. Can’t stay young forever.”
“Your mum seems to be trying her best.”
Peter smiled. He edged a little closer. “You said Mum’s been acting strange. In what way?”
Claire turned her head to one side and bit her lip in thought. “A few small things. Nothing really. I suppose people her age are allowed to act strange sometimes.”
“In what way?”
“I don’t know. I suppose it’s the little things. She had a bath today and wouldn’t let me scrub her back. Usually she likes getting a good scrub. Taking naps. I don’t know, lots of small things.”
Peter nodded, failing to hide his hurt feelings of this criticism of his performance. “I’m glad you’re here to keep an eye on her.”
She shrugged. “That’s my job.”
“I suppose we all change, right?”
“You haven’t changed much,” Claire said.
“You think? The same old dweeb.”
“You weren’t a dweeb.” She folded a hideous checked shirt. “You look like her. Your mum, I mean.”
“People have been saying that for years,” he said. “You’ve changed.”
“Really?”
“Late twenties suits you.”
“Thank you.” Her cheeks flushed red. “The kettle’s boiled.”
Peter made two cups of tea. He handed Claire hers. “Milk, no sugar.”
“It’s strange seeing you, Peter. How long has it been?”
“Thirteen years.”
“Thirteen years,” she said, shaking her head. “Where does the time go?”
“Drooping body parts and impaired memories.”
Claire chuckled. “Yes, I suppose that’s true. Are you going to be here long?” Claire asked, ironing out a particularly stubborn crease.
“Maybe till morning.”
Claire folded the last item. “I need to check on your mum before I go.”
“I’m sure she’s fine.”
“Just in case.”
“I’ll do it.”
“It’s my job…”
“I don’t mind.”
Peter walked toward the bedroom, waited a moment, and then returned to the living room.
“Sleeping?”
“Like the dead.” Peter blinked at his own choice of phrase.
Claire carried the folded laundry to the airing cupboard and put it on a shelf. “If it’s okay with you, I’ll go home now. Unless there’s something you need me for?”
Peter looked around at the trailer. He disliked the idea of being alone. “No, you can go. You’ve probably got a family to get home to.”
“I’m not going straight home.” Claire reached for her white cardigan. She wrapped it across herself. “Well, see you tomorrow.”
Peter led her to the door and opened it. “It’s been a pleasure seeing you again.”
“Thanks. You too.”
Peter looked out at the driveway and noticed something was missing. “Where’s your car?”
“I left it at home. Talks of no rain this evening. I like to walk home when the weather’s good.”
“Would you like me to walk you?”
“Buntford isn’t exactly the kind of place a girl needs protection.”
“You never know, there’s a lot of weirdos out there.”
“Like out-of-towners?” Claire said with a cheeky smile.
“Hey, this is my home town. Anyway, you can protect me.”
She hesitated. “Shouldn’t you watch your mum?”
“She’s slept by herself for sixty years. She’s lived through Cliff Richard and The Proclaimers. I’m sure she’ll be all right one more night.” Peter caught himself. That was true up until last Saturday. “She’ll be fine.”
“Okay,” Claire said, “but I have to warn you, I’ve got an errand to run…”
“That’s okay,” Peter said, reaching for his jacket.
“I’ll be walking round the village.”
“Great.”
Claire’s arms shook as she lifted a bag onto her shoulder. She leaned to one side to counterbalance the weight and stepped outside.
“Can I carry the bag for you?” Peter asked.
“I’m fine.”
“It looks heavy.”
“I’m used to it.”
“One handle each, then?”
Claire looked at him.
“Let me be at least half a gentleman.”
Claire smiled and unshouldered the bag. She took one handle, him the other.
Feeling the weight, he said, “What have you got in here? Bricks?”
“I’m in training,” she said.
“For the Miss Universe competition? Blimey.”
They walked across the driveway out onto the path. The road veered left and it took ten minutes before they came to the next house – a pretty little cottage made of flint. A green picket fence penned in a small but picturesque garden bursting with plants and budding flowers.
Claire reached into the bag and came out with a pamphlet. It was covered in a striking red and white font. Across the top was written: REBUILD THE REC, NOT WRECK THE REC.
Inside were images of young and old alike making use of the Red Rec. On the back there was a piggy bank with its hooves colored red like it was wearing socks. There was an arrow pointing to the tip of the pig’s ears with a big ‘£5,000’ in bold written across it. Another arrow pointed to the pig’s red hooves. ‘WHERE WE ARE.’
Claire put the pamphlet through the letterbox and walked back down the garden path, closing the gate gently behind her. She picked up the strap and they walked on to the next house.
“I got this one,” Peter said.
He picked up a pamphlet and hopped over the fence. He delivered it and turned to walk back. There was a yapping sound, and an ankle-biting terrier zipped round the corner, making a B-line for Peter. His first instinct was to kick it, but with Claire watching, that would hardly make a good impression. He ran. He heard the click of tiny paws on the paving behind him. He threw himself over the fence and landed in a heap. The dog – all of six inches – bounced off the gate, snarling.
Claire helped Peter to his feet. “Are you okay?”
He dusted himself off, his backside stiff with movement. The yapping canine’s snout protruded, snapped from between the fence slats.
“You see?” he said. “Turns out you do need protection after all.”
The sun played peek-a-boo with the wood’s thick foliage, casting long shadows that stretched over the road and front gardens, kissing the chimney tops. When the residents heard the letterbox rattle, Clare was there with her beautiful smile.
“Good evening,” she’d say. “I’m here to collect money for renovating the Red Rec. As you know, there’s very little to do around here, and if there was no Red Rec there would be nothing at all to do. The Red Rec is a beacon in our community. A meeting place for the young and old alike. It would be a shame to lose it now.”
The residents made promises to pay what they could once they got their next checks through the door. Some stuffed money into Claire’s hand – usually a few low denomination coins – and a warning of, “Don’t spend it all at once.”
“Do you think they understand what you’re raising the money for?” Peter asked her when she returned.
“Hard to tell.”
“Why is it the elderly never understand inflation? Is it willful?”
Claire laughed. “Probably.”
After two hours they had posted a pamphlet through the letterbox of half of the houses on the south side of the village.
Claire checked her watch. “It’s getting late. We’d best head home.”
Peter massaged his shoulders, working the blood back into them. His back felt stiff, his bum sore from the leap over the fence.
They walked down the path, back the way they’d come. They crossed the quiet country road and headed toward a dense wall of nature. The boughs of two impenetrable trees rose and embraced, giving the impression of a secret archway into the woods. A sign declared it as:
 
BUNTFORD COMMON
AN AREA OF PROTECTED WILDLIFE FOR LOCAL RESIDENTS AND EDUCATION AUTHORITIES
 
Claire and Peter beat the dirt track in silence, allowing the landscape to envelop them on all sides.
“What do you think they’ll do with the community center land if they sell it?” Peter asked.
“After they tear it down? Build a golf course.”
“Who will?”
“The council, developers.”
“You don’t think the locals would like to perfect their drive?”
She gave him a look. “The only people who want a golf course are the people building it. They say the Red Rec is a safety hazard. And maybe it is, but with a little reinvestment it could be safe. It’s the only place the villagers can all meet together. It’s the heart of the community.”
“Why does it mean so much to you?”
“Because I work with the elderly day in, day out, and I see the joy it brings to them to be able to meet their friends and forget about life for a while.”
She shook her head. “Because of the recession the council slashed spending. If you live in a city and they take away the community center, who cares? There’ll be another one a short bus ride away. But here in the countryside they’ve got nothing. If they take away the center, what will the people around here do? They’ll have nothing.”
Peter smiled. “You’re really passionate about this.”
“It’s something I feel strongly about, yes. Did you see the posters they put up? In the corner in tiny writing the council wrote that if we manage to raise five thousand pounds by next Sunday they won’t close the Red Rec down. They always resort to underhanded tricks like that.”
“That’s only six days away. How much have you raised so far?”
“Including today? Five hundred and six pounds and twenty-three pence. If the community just came together we could raise the money easily. But it’s just me. I have to do everything myself. I’ve got work and other responsibilities too.”
“You shouldn’t have to do this by yourself. How about organizing a fundraiser? You could invite the whole village.”
“We tried that before. Nobody came.” Claire shrugged. “People either don’t care, or don’t believe it will really take place. They’ve tried closing the place down before, but it never happened. But they mean it this time. And we’re talking about old pensioners here. They don’t know where they are half the time. They’re easy targets. People deserve to live and die with dignity.”
Peter wondered if putting your mother in the bottom of a freezer then dressing up as her in order to not get saddled with inheritance tax qualified as dignified. For some reason, he thought not.
“Then we’ll figure out a way to make them come,” he said.
Fast-paced footsteps approached them from behind. A jogger in bright baggy blue shorts and matching bandana ran past, muttering a breathy, “Evening.” The figure disappeared around the corner.
Claire looked at Peter and smiled. Peter beamed back.
They passed a bank of bluebells and daffodils on a field of carpet-like moss. It sat in the shade, a thousand droplets of dew blanketing the surface. Wild doves cooed.
“I’d forgotten how peaceful it was here,” Peter said.
Claire smiled, but said nothing. After a pause she said, “So…”
“So.”
“I heard you’re an actor.”
“Trying to be.”
“Doing well by what Hetty tells me.”
Peter blinked in surprise. “Mum said I was doing well?”
“Is she right?”
“I’m doing okay, I guess.”
“What got you into acting? I don’t remember you being into drama at school.”
“I got into it at Sixth Form. But I always liked films and stories.”
Claire nodded. More silence.
“What got you into caring?” Peter asked.
“Not much else to do around here, really. It’s a good place for caring – half the population is over sixty.”
“And the rest. Do you enjoy it?”
“I love it. I can help people and make life more comfortable for them. I can live in the village I grew up in. There are a lot worse places to live.”
“No interest in the city?”
She shook her head. “It doesn’t have anything I need. I like the museums and culture, but I only go to those places once every few years. I don’t need to go there every day.”
“I can understand that. But there’s a lot more than just museums. There are theatres and festivals and allsorts.”
Claire screwed up her face.
“No interest?”
“Not really. They’re nice things to go and see and experience, but I’ve got enough distractions in my life already.”
The Common became deeper and darker, the trees forming a blanket above their heads. Birds hopped from branch to branch singing their end of day ditty. Winter was weakening its grip, finally giving way to spring.
“Are you still friends with anyone from high school?” Claire asked.
Peter shook his head. “No, not really. You?”
“A few people.”
“Like who?”
“Do you remember Adam Dukes?”
Peter’s lips tightened. “Captain of the football team. How could I forget?”
“We… went out for a while.”
“I remember. You were the most popular couple in school.”
“Our relationship didn’t end at graduation.”
“Oh?”
“Your mum didn’t tell you any of this stuff?”
“Must have slipped her mind.”
“Yeah, well. We got married, had a few years of lukewarm bliss and now rarely see each other.”
Peter managed to suppress his smile. “That’s a shame. What happened?”
“The usual. You fall in love with what you thought that person was, not how they really were.”
Claire watched her feet as they walked.
“Is caring what you want to do in the long run?” Peter said.
“No, not really.” Claire’s expression broke into an embarrassed smile. “There is one thing I’d like to try…”
“What?”
“It’s stupid.”
“Tell me anyway.”
Claire looked him over. He was serious. “I like Events Management.”
“Doesn’t sound stupid to me.”
“I didn’t know I’d like anything like that until recently.”
“With the Red Rec fundraiser?”
She nodded. “Yes, actually. Organizing the events. The layout. Everything was in my control.” Her smile slipped. “But no one came.”
“Then let’s try again. Put those skills of yours to good use.”
“You think? We’ve only got a few days…”
“Do you have all the contacts from before?”
“Yes. But they won’t give us good rates a second time.”
“Don’t worry. I know someone who can help us with that.”
“Are you sure? It’s a lot of work.”
“Not if there’s more than one person organizing it.”
Claire beamed. “Thank you.”
Peter bent down, finding a thicket of Forget-Me-Nots.
He picked one and gestured to Claire’s hair. “Do you mind if I…?”
Claire smiled and leaned forward. He wove it into her hair, just above her left ear.
The dirt path gave way to a rutted field. Peter stopped at the edge of the clearing. Empty beer cans and crisp packets dotted the area like acne. To the left was a pool of water called Buntford Lake, more commonly known as Buntford Bog. Dragonflies hovered above the surface, dipped down on lily pads and flew off to another spot, hung there and dipped back down again. Flies zipped about, the warm stagnant marsh a perfect nursery for larvae. There was the occasional flitter beneath the water’s surface – what might have been the fins of a fish. The water was dark – almost black – having blended with the natural dark sediment at its base. A single weather-worn bench sat facing it.
“Kids,” Claire said, bending down and picking up the rubbish. “Without the Red Rec there’ll be more of this.” Claire noticed Peter’s expression. “What’s wrong, Peter?”
Peter had turned white. His movements came slow and forced. He didn’t take his eyes off the pond. He drifted toward the bench. Etched into a bronze plate were the words:
 
1985 – 2000
FOR PATRICK O’DEARN
WHO LOVED THIS COMMON
 
Yobs had carved their names and other deep philosophical musings into the wood such as, ‘I WOZ ’ERE’ ‘BUNTFORD ROCKS’ and ‘POND POO.’
“People should be more respectful,” Peter said.
Claire joined him and stared down at the bench. “It was a shame. Do you remember him? Paddy? He was in your tutor group, wasn’t he?”
“Yes.” Peter stared out at the pond’s calm surface. “He was a quiet kid. Usually sitting somewhere by himself reading a book. One of those kids you always miss when you try to remember your classmates. He never harmed a soul.” Peter touched the embossed engravings with his fingertips. “Do you remember that time I asked you out?”
“Of course I do.”
Peter blinked, surprised. “It was Paddy who convinced me to do it. ‘In ten years’ time,’ Paddy said, ‘when you think back to this moment, what do you want yourself to think? That you took the risk and told her how you feel, or played it safe and said nothing?’ Those were the words he said to me. And in a perfect moment of clarity – or perhaps it was madness – my confidence surged. I walked up to you, my heart pounding in my ears, and I asked you out. You said-”
“‘I’m with Adam.’” Claire interrupted. “‘I’m sorry if I did something to make you feel this way, but nothing can happen between us. I’m sorry. I wish it could, but it can’t.’”
“Yes,” Peter said. “I’m surprised you remember.”
“I wasn’t asked out all that often.”
“Hard to believe.”
Claire turned a darker shade of red.
“I returned to Paddy. He asked how it had gone and I said, ‘At least now I know I should never listen to you.’”
Claire smiled.
Peter looked at his hands. “He was a good kid. He didn’t deserve to die like that.”
They sat there for a while listening to the crickets strumming, the owls hooting high in the branches. They walked across the field, careful not to get their feet trapped in the molehills. They came to the back of a row of houses. Most of them had lights on.
“Home sweet home,” Claire said. “Can you find your way back all right?”
“Don’t worry about me. I’ve got the navigation skills of a homing pigeon.”
“And the chest.”
“Hey!”
She laughed, and looked at him with her big green eyes. “Are you heading back to the city tonight?”
“No. I’ll stay with Mum tonight. Make sure she’s okay.”
Claire nodded. “You’re a good son, Peter.” After a brief pause she leaned forward and was about to give him a peck on the cheek when she stopped, and pulled herself back. “Thank you for helping me and walking me home.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Have a good evening.”
“You too.”
Claire went into her house, turning to look back at Peter more than once. She waved from the doorstep and disappeared inside.
Peter smiled. He stepped toward the rutted field. The pond had a light mist over it. He thought he saw somebody moving within the shadows. He turned, and headed down a path that wound around the Common.

11.
Claire closed the door and leaned against it. She had a smile on her face. She took up a basketball shooting pose with her keys and threw them. They landed in the keys bowl
“Yes!” she said. “Three points.”
“Well, you’re in a good mood.”
Claire spun round to find her mother standing in the living room doorway, arms folded. She wore a white bathrobe with her initials ‘AB’ sewn in gold thread. Her hair was tied up in a towel turban.
Claire hung her cardigan up on the hat stand. “I had a nice evening.”
Agnes’s frown broke, and she suddenly looked ten years younger. “Spill the beans.”
“What beans? There are no beans. I’m beanless.”
“Nobody’s that beanless. Who was that outside?”
“Who was who?”
Her mother arched her eyebrow.
“You snoop!”
“What did you expect of the head of the Neighborhood Watch?”
“Haven’t you ever heard of the word privacy?”
“No. Is it French?”
“He’s just a friend,” Claire said, moving into the kitchen to get a glass of water. A smile rose to her lips despite attempting to look firm.
“A friend worthy of a smile…”
“Mum! It’s nothing!”
“Your ex was nothing.”
“Mum…”
“I’m just saying. It’s nice to see you with a smile on your face for once.”
“I smile all the time.”
“Not when I look at you.”
“Maybe you’re the cause.”
“Maybe.”
“And you only look at me when I’m miserable.”
“Which is all the time.”
Claire let out a little roar. “You’re so infuriating!”
“So tell me what I want to know.”
“I already have.”
“How did you meet?”
Claire let out a puff of air. “We’ve known each other for a while. We used to go to the same school.”
Agnes squealed. “School sweethearts!”
“Not quite. He’s the son of one of my patients.”
Agnes frowned, the wind taken from her sail. “Is that ethical?”
Claire snorted. “I’m not a human rights lawyer at Crown Court, Mum. There is no client-lawyer confidentiality agreement.”
Agnes saw the flower in Claire’s hair. Her expression took on a dreamlike quality. “Flowers. Your father always used to bring me flowers.”
“Peter didn’t buy it for me. He picked it.”
“Even more romantic. And his name’s Peter? Good name, that. Strong.”
Claire gnashed her teeth. “You should have worked for the Spanish Inquisition.”
“Nah. I don’t speak Spanish.”
Claire roared again.
“I made some broth. Do you want a bowl? I’m going to have some.” She switched on the stove.
“No thanks. Where’s Christopher?”
“Upstairs. The Red Rec needs guardians to watch over the kids while they take swimming lessons. I thought I would volunteer.”
“Good idea.”
Steam danced over the bubbling broth. Agnes turned the stove off and spooned some into a bowl. “Which patient is Peter related to, anyway?”
“Hetty. Hetty Loveridge.”
The broth dribbled onto the countertop. Agnes didn’t notice. “Her son, Peter?”
“That’s the one,” Claire said as she headed up the stairs. “I’m going to get ready for bed.”
Agnes poured the broth back into the pot and braced herself on the countertop.

12.
Kate fumbled in her handbag, knocking aside the random paraphernalia until her fingers found the jagged edges jammed in the corner. She came out with a bunch of keys and sorted through them. She moved to slide the front door key into the lock.
“Miss Loveridge.”
She dropped the keys. She turned to find a middle-aged man creeping up behind her. His eyes were beady and small, despite being magnified by the thick lenses perched on the end of his nose. His limbs were long and thin, giving him a spidery demeanor.
“Mr. Matthews,” she said in a voice failing to conceal her lack of enthusiasm.
“Here, let me get those for you,” he said, bending down and hooking her keys on the end of a spindly finger.
“Thank you,” Kate said. She extended her hand, but he didn’t hand the keys over. He held them at a taunting distance.
“Your rent is behind again, Miss Loveridge.”
“I’m just having a few cash flow problems right now.” She reached for her keys again, but he, almost imperceptibly, pulled them out of reach. “Please, Mr. Matthews, I’ve had a very long day. If we could discuss this some other time-”
“You said that last time. And here we are again.”
“I’ll have the money soon, Mr. Matthews. Trust me. Just give me a few more days.”
“We agreed you’d pay by last Friday.”
“I did pay.”
“Not the full amount.”
“It was all I could afford.”
His beady eyes dropped to Kate’s handbag. “Is that a new bag, Miss Loveridge? How is it you can afford that but not your rent? You need to get your priorities straight.”
“How do you know how much these bags are worth?” Kate spat.
“I’m not totally ignorant of what women want.”
Kate thought for a moment, stroking the bag. She extended it to him. “It’s Chanel. Hand-sewn pockets, rare leather. It’s worth two thousand.”
Mr. Matthews took the bag. “Wow. That really is a beautiful thing, isn’t it? Unfortunately I don’t need a new handbag. I need money. Not trinkets.”
Mr. Matthews’ resolve broke, and his eyes became warm and caring. “Despite what you might think, I’m not a bad man, Miss Loveridge. I’m just trying to get by like everyone else. Consider selling the bag. I’m sure you could get a good price. You’re obviously knowledgeable about fashion. Surely a roof over your head is more valuable than a bag, isn’t it?”
“Give me a little more time, Mr. Matthews. Please. I’ll get your money.”
He shook his head. “I’m sorry, Miss Loveridge. You’ve got until Wednesday. If you don’t have the money by then, I’ll have to evict you.”
“No, Mr. Matthews. Please. Just a little more time-”
“I’m sorry, but your time’s up.” He handed her the keys. “You have until Wednesday.”

13.
“Are you all right? I’ve been ringing and ringing but you didn’t answer.”
“I was out.”
“Is anything wrong?”
“No, why should it be? Our mother is sat in a deep freezer and I spent the day dressed up in her clothes. Just another day on the farm. Hunky dorey doo.”
“You’re still angry.”
“Of course not. It’s only when your traitorous older sister feeds you to the wolves that you realize just how lucky you are.”
“Don’t be so melodramatic.”
“I thought that was what you wanted me to be.”
“No. I wanted you in control. I would have only got in your way.”
“No, you have gotten in everyone else’s way, which was the whole point. How would you feel in my situation? Over the moon?”
“All right, yes. I’d be angry. But then I’d realize you’re my brother and I love you more than anything else in the whole world and I’d do anything to help you.”
“That’s cheap, Kate. Real cheap.”
“But you like it anyway.”
“I hate you.”
“I know. So, how are you holding up?”
“Having the time of my life.”
“No, really.”
“About as well as Jesus after his betrayal.”
“What did I say about being melodramatic? Look, I’m sorry, okay? What do you want from me?”
“Oh, you’re sorry.”
“Yes, I’m sorry.”
“Well, everything’s all right then. So long as you’re sorry.”
“I had no choice-”
“The French Revolutionaries had no choice. Entering the Second World War, Britain had no choice. You had plenty of choice.”
“I called you tonight because I thought you’d like someone to talk to. Obviously I was wrong-”
“Kate, wait. I’m sorry. It’s just been a very long day.”
“That bad?”
“Terrible. I was prodded and probed by a doctor, forced onto a death bus and made to hang out with a bunch of one hundred-year-olds.”
“And I thought I’d had a tough day.”
“I was supposed to spend all day in bed.”
“All right, stop going on about it.”
“I didn’t know Mum went to the Red Rec, did you?”
“No.”
“Did you know Mum gave Claire her own key?”
“No.”
“Strange, isn’t it? Mum wouldn’t even give a key to family members.”
“Are you sure Mum gave it to her?”
“What are you saying?”
“I’m not saying anything.”
“You’re saying she stole it?”
“Why not?”
“Well, why would she steal it? It’s not like Mum’s got anything valuable.”
“You don’t know that. Maybe there’s something there we don’t know about. She was always collecting crap. Maybe some of it is worth something.”
“Or maybe Claire’s a kind person, who our mother trusted.”
“Maybe.”
“Or maybe it’s policy. ‘All carers must have a house key in case the old folks can’t make it to the door’ or something.”
“Mm…”
“How are things your end?”
“My end? Uneventful.”
“Gerald?”
“Distant. As ever.”
“Still have your job?”
“Just about.”
“You should let him fire you. At least then you’ll know he doesn’t care for you.”
“It’s not as simple as that.”
“It is.”
“Not anymore,” Kate said. “No call from the theatre yet?”
“God, no. I’d completely forgotten about that.”
“They still might ring.”
“Please chances.”
“Well, good luck tomorrow. I hope it goes well.”
“Yeah, thanks. Wait. Before you go I’ve got a question.”
“What?”
“Do you know how bridge works?”

WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?

Keeping Mum has only just begun.
Will Peter and Kate manage to convince the taxman their mother is still alive? Will Kate finally confront her spending habits? And was their mother really as difficult as they remember?
Buy the whole season and save 50% compared to buying all nine individual episodes! You can buy from any of the following stores:
US, UK, Canada, Australia.
Alternatively, you can buy the next episode here.

BE KIND, REVIEW

Reviews mean an awful lot on the internet. But often, readers don’t leave them. If you enjoyed Keeping Mum, please make one author very happy and leave a review HERE. It doesn’t need to be long – a single sentence is fine, but it would mean the world to me if you did.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



Blood Never Forgets

Haven’s crew found Jordan Grant half-dead floating at sea. With a six-year hole in his memory, he remembers nothing of the Incident or the Lurchers who have claimed the land as their own. He joins the crew in their daily struggle to survive in a harsh new world where every meal is live or die.
But when a shipwreck forces them from the safety of the sea, the crew soon discover their pursuers aren’t the only monsters out to get them. As Jordan confronts the horror of his past he unlocks a secret that threatens to destroy not only him but the future of the entire human race.

Start reading FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from any of the following Amazon stores:
US, UK, Canada, Australia.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



They beat him.
They broke him.
They stabbed him.
They murdered him.
Would you forgive them? Or would you get Square?

Tony Green was recently released having served a four-year prison sentence for murder. With the support of a loving fiancée he attempts to prevent the next generation from following in his own footsteps. Although Tony may be paying back his debt to society, he is about to discover other debts are not so easily repaid.

Start reading FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from any of the following Amazon stores:
US, UK, Canada, Australia.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



A shipwreck; a deserted island; a horde of zombies; a single family fighting to survive.

After a tropical storm, the Robinson family discovers a mysterious boat shipwrecked on their shore. An attempt to scavenge the wreckage awakens something dark and extremely dangerous. With the full weight of the undead descending down upon them, can the family prepare a strong enough defence? Or will they become the latest victims of a virus-ridden world?

The classic tale, inspired by Robinson Crusoe, written by Johann David Wyss, adapted by Perrin Briar, is an adrenalin-pumping adventure of zombie survival. If your family was trapped on an island, what would you do?

Part of the Blood Memory universe.

Read FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from any of the following Amazon stores:
US, UK, Canada, Australia.

WAS IT GOOD FOR YOU?

Sign up to Perrin's newsletter and get 4 free stories, news of forthcoming new novels, competitions, special prices, advanced novel previews and access to the serial story Skip!

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Perrin Briar is an English author and teacher, known for his popular Blood Memory series, black comedy Keeping Mum, and revenge tale Square. Before writing he worked as a TV researcher, teacher, stock counter and chocolate factory worker.
You can email him at perrin@perrinbriar.com or tweet at @perrinbriar. He loves corresponding with fans, so don’t hesitate to contact him if you have a question!

Copyright © 2014 Perrin Briar

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

Published by Briar Patch Publishing.
Cover design by Alisha at www.damonza.com
Editing by Gary Smailes at www.bubblecow.com

Want to know more about Perrin Briar’s books?
Visit www.perrinbriar.com and get two books free for joining.
