


Kiss a Girl in the Rain
Take a Chance: Book One




Nancy Warren
Kiss a Girl in the Rain
Take a Chance: Book One

Copyright © 2014 Nancy Weatherley Warren

All rights reserved

Smashwords Edition


Discover other titles by Nancy Warren at
www.NancyWarren.net

These stories are works of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Cover Design by Kim Killion
Acknowledgements


I am so grateful to my wonderful friends and the people I meet in life who so generously share their knowledge. Thank you to the real Evan for sharing his motorcycle, his name and his riding experiences with me. Thanks to my dear friends Bobby and Shannon who read the manuscript in first draft and made excellent suggestions. Thank you to Ken, a recovering lawyer, for the legal info and thanks to Shelley for inspiring me. Thanks to Kim for a fantastic cover.

Nancy
Dedication

This novel is dedicated to the real Evan and Caitlyn. Enjoy the ride!
Chapter One


When Evan Chance read the bucket list he’d penned when he was twelve years old, he caught a glimpse of the man he‘d wanted to be when he grew up. Now, at nearly thirty-five, he knew he was not that man.
Lists were important to Evan. He had master lists of ten-year, five-year and one-year goals, broken down all the way to daily task lists. He kept a catalogue of people he hoped to meet, all corporate movers and shakers or folks who could advance his career. Ruthlessly organized and efficient, he was a top corporate lawyer at a premier firm in Seattle. Seeing his pre-teen scrawl should have made him smile at his young self. Instead, somehow that naive list of unaccomplished dreams pulled at him.
His mom never should have sent him his list of dreamy-eyed ideals along with the birthday card she’d hand made with pressed flowers and a reminder to come home for the weekend to celebrate his milestone birthday.
Thirty-five.
Evan strode across the marble lobby leading to his law firm’s offices like a man in a hurry. In fact, he had ten minutes to spare before his next client meeting. A lot of people might use those minutes to grab a coffee, chat with a colleague or relax. Evan used his elevator ride to read a priority email; the time spent walking from the elevator to his office to consider his client’s question. By the time he hit his office, he was task-ready and sat down at his computer to email back his advice.
Even as he worked, in the back of his mind he realized that his big birthday was almost here and he wasn’t anywhere near where he’d planned to be when he was a pre-teen. Okay, he was a millionaire, but that was exactly the sort of lame goal a twelve-year-old would consider important.
But lists were important to Evan. And the fact that his mother, Daphne, had sent him that old one, as though it were a thing to be prized, bothered him.
Not that a hint of his thoughts showed on his face when he walked into The Rainier Room, one of the smaller meeting rooms. Half a dozen worried-looking executives were settling themselves around a mahogany conference table while Martha, Evan’s assistant, poured coffees and sparkling waters. Evan introduced himself and shook hands all around.
These five men and one woman were here seeking legal ways to raid their company’s pension plan. He had utter contempt for the naked greed of the president and vice presidents sitting in front of him in their hand-made suits and year round suntans hoping they could bail their asses out of the financial jam their fat paychecks and ludicrous bonuses had got them into. However, nothing on his face would give away his personal feelings. He was too good for that.
When the meeting ended, it was six o’clock. He returned to his office, typed up his own notes, then he stared out his office window at the other lighted high rises in Seattle’s financial district where he lived most of his life. In the distance he could see the harbor that led to the rest of the world. He pulled out the list. It was a bucket list made before that term even existed.

EVAN’S AMAZING LIFE LIST
Make a million dollars before age 30.
Ride a motorcycle across the country
Kiss a girl in the rain
Run a marathon
Learn Spanish
Have sex with a woman!
Learn to play an instrument
Travel to India
Fly a plane
Scuba dive a ship wreck
Swim in every ocean
Swim with dolphins
Hike the Grand Canyon
Leave the world a better place than I found it

As if.
He picked up his phone and called his parents’ number. His mother answered. “Well, hello darling,” she cried when he’d identified himself. He’d learned early that when there are eleven kids in the family, you have to identify yourself on the phone or risk insane time-wasting conversations. In the background he could hear rhythmic thudding that made his heart pretty much sink. “What’s that noise, Mom?”
“Your father’s remodeling the kitchen.”
“Again?”
“Well, we had a little problem with termites from the last renovation.”
As usual, he was filled with affection and irritation in equal measure. How many times when he was growing up had they been without the most basic necessities, like running water, because their dad was ‘renovating’. Which pretty much meant grabbing a sledgehammer and bashing down walls or cabinets or bathroom fixtures. Then standing in the midst of dust and destruction trying to figure out what to do next. Jack Chance was a man of strange visions and few handy man skills. But that never stopped him.
“Please tell me there will be a working kitchen this weekend?”
“Of course there will.”
An almighty crash sounded from the other end of the phone.
“Mom?” He wondered if he should call 9-1-1.
“It’s nothing, Evan. I guess that cabinet wasn’t attached to the wall after all. Don’t worry, the kitchen will be back together when you come for your birthday weekend.”
“I’m bringing Tessa with me,” he said.
“Great. We finally get to meet her.” Then she squeaked. “No. Jack. The electric – oh, dear. Evan, I’ve got to go.”
“Wait. Why did you send me that stupid list of kid dreams?”
“Because you should do some of those things,” she said. “Love you. See you Friday.” And then she was gone. He suspected his birthday dinner would be raw food. Eaten by candlelight.
Because you should do some of those things…
For one second he felt the pull of temptation. Then his mind presented him with a mental view of his schedule, crammed for the next six months. He was a top producer for his firm, clients relied on him. He couldn’t go running off because of a collection of dreams he had when he was a boy.
He folded the list once, neatly so the edges all matched and put a clean fold down the middle. Then, precisely, he turned it again and folded the paper once more. He slipped the paper into his wallet. He had no idea why.
His door opened after the briefest of knocks. He glanced up, not surprised to find Tessa walk in. His secretary only let two people past her desk without alerting him first. Tessa was one of them.
“How did it go?” she asked coming toward him.
He made a face. “I’ve never shared a room with so much naked greed before. You could smell it, like B.O.”
Tessa was one of the newer partners in the law firm of Willoughby, Tyson and Grundemeyer and his girlfriend. She settled her hip on the edge of his desk, something she’d never do if his door wasn’t closed, giving him a nice view of her excellent legs.
“And you’ll help them get what they want. Because you are that good.”
“Probably. And screw the employees who’ve worked their asses off and paid into the pension fund all these years believing they’d be rewarded at the end.”
Tessa reached out and straightened the collar on his shirt. “We don’t make the law, Evan. We work within it.”
“Manipulate it.”
For a moment she looked surprised by his sarcasm. Then she smiled. “You must be tired. You’re in a mood.”
He gripped her hand. “Sorry. Are you sure you’re up to this weekend?”
“Of course. I’m so looking forward to meeting your family at last.”
“I know they feel the same.”
He was the one with reservations. Nothing could prepare a sophisticated woman, an only child, who’d grown up in Manhattan’s Upper West Side for a family dinner chez Chance. His parents were old hippies who lived in an old house in the Oregon countryside that they’d added onto, ineptly, as their family grew. And grew.
He was about to try and prepare Tessa for the weekend ahead when another brief knock sounded.
Tessa was off his desk and standing when the firm’s managing partner Clayton Willoughby walked in. Clay was the other person who never had to be announced before he entered Evan’s office.
“Ah, Tessa, how nice to see you. I was going to invite our boy here for an early birthday drink. You’re most welcome to join us.”
Evan knew that Tessa would sacrifice a chunk of her trust fund to share a chummy drink with Clayton Willoughby. But she was much too adept to take him up on an offer he’d clearly made out of politeness.
“Thank you so much,” she said, showing her even white teeth, “but I’ve got some work to finish up.”
“Next time,” Clay said.
“Of course.”
She didn’t linger and within minutes Evan and Clay walked over to Clayton’s club and found a quiet corner where a couple of maroon leather club chairs huddled in the lounge. The Port Club had served the affluent and influential gentlemen of Seattle for a hundred years. Recently, they’d had to allow women to join, but the club was the epicenter of the old boys’ network. The lounge they sat in still allowed smoking.
A waiter wearing black tails arrived with the single malt scotch Clayton favored without being asked. As Clay took out one of the cigars his doctor had forbidden, he said, “This scotch is almost as old as you are. Happy birthday, Evan.”
“Thank you.”
They sipped and savored. “Big plans for the weekend?”
“I’m going home to visit family.”
Clayton puffed his cheeks out as he got his hand-rolled Cuban going.
“Take a look at what my mother sent me.” Evan pulled out his wallet and removed the list he’d drawn up, knowing Clay would get a kick out of it. If Jack Chance was Evan’s biological father, Clayton Willoughby was his father in all things business and law. He liked to say that in Evan he saw a younger version of himself. Of course, the man was heavily overweight from all the years of working, the business lunches, and the fine wines and brandies he so enjoyed. He called the current and much younger Mrs. Willoughby, “My third and final wife,” though Evan wouldn’t bet next year’s bonus on the marriage lasting.
“I wrote it when I was twelve,” he said offering the lined school book paper with the scrawled items.
Clay took the list, perused it and grinned. “You had no idea what you were capable of,” he said handing it back.
“But I haven’t done most of those things.”
“Of course you haven’t. Any fool can learn to play the ukulele or swim around with dolphins, but you’re a partner in one of the most prestigious law firms in the country. You know we’re grooming you for great things.” He didn’t say that he hoped Evan would one day stand in his shoes as the managing partner of the firm, but it was understood.
Clay was right. Evan had a life he ought to be thrilled about. What the hell was wrong with him?
Chapter Two


“It’s so good to have you home, honey,” his mom said, reaching over and squeezing his hand. As the family sat around the big dining table – made from timber milled on the property – he was comforted to know that even though lanterns and candles adorned the table, they were for atmosphere. The electricity was working, the food was cooked. The kitchen, while missing a few cupboards and with a chunk of ceiling mysteriously absent, was functioning.
“It’s good to be here,” he replied, realizing it was. His mom was still a pretty woman, even though her blond hair had a lot of silver tangled in it, her eyes were the same happy blue, her slightly crooked smile as sweet.
Daphne had made his favorite meal of childhood. Ham and scalloped potatoes with peas. There were home made buns, and chard from the garden as well as a millet casserole for the vegetarians present. For dessert he bet his mother had baked a chocolate slab cake from scratch and decorated it with thick, gooey icing and edible flowers from the garden. That cake had always been his favorite part of his birthday celebrations.
Only six of his sibs were present. In a family of eleven grown children, only weddings and funerals were guaranteed to get everybody in one place at one time.
He felt guiltily aware that too often he was one of the absent ones.
“Are you a vegetarian?” Jack asked Tessa, as he stood in front of the baked ham wielding his carving knife like an inept executioner.
“No. But only one thin sli—”
Jack hacked a big hank of pink ham and plopped it on one of the blue plates Daphne had potted and glazed herself. He then passed the plate to Daphne who scooped a guest-sized portion of scalloped potatoes onto the plate before handing it to his sister Iris who added the chard and the peas, and finally passed the loaded plate to their guest.
“Thank you,” Tessa said faintly. To Evan, she muttered, “I can’t eat all this.” Tessa found the portions at Nobu too large.
“Don’t worry, I’ll finish what you can’t eat,” he murmured back.
While the serving continued, Daphne said, “I know it can be overwhelming remembering who everyone is in our family. I’ve put out nametags to help you. And we’ll all go around the table and say a little about ourselves. Saves tedious introductions. I’m Daphne Chance. I make pottery, keep chickens and I play piano.”
“Jack Chance,” her husband said. “I’m fifty-nine years old and I look around at this amazing family and my beautiful wife, and I don’t know how I got so lucky.”
“Oh, Jack,” Daphne said putting her left hand to her heart. They’d been married almost forty years and were embarrassingly in love.
He wondered what they looked like to Tessa, his crazy family. His parents looked exactly like what they were. Back to the land, alternative, passionate environmentalists, they wore clothes that they chose for their fair trade aspects rather than any idea of fashion. They were more into compassion than common sense. He and his siblings had either ended up following in their parents’ footsteps or going as far in the other direction as they could get.
His sister Marguerite spoke next. “I’m Marguerite. I live in a cottage on the property. I grow organic vegetables and sell them at the farmer’s market. I grew that chard you’re eating.” Marguerite seemed to think that more was required. She said, “I was almost called Daisy. Can you imagine?”
“A marguerite is a kind of daisy,” Daphne said. “And look at you, you speak French.”
“Tres bien,” Tessa said.
“I’m Josh. I work for an environmental organization and I have a twin brother. I’m gay and he’s straight, which I’ve always thought was weird.”
“I’m Iris. I own the Sunflower Coffee and Tea House here in town. I’m the oldest girl.”
“She’s also a writer,” her mother said proudly.
“Mother!”
“It’s true. She’s had several of her short stories published.”
“I sling coffee and flax seed muffins to afford my writing addiction.”
“I’m Rose. As you can see, our mother loves flowers.” Rose was a GP but she rarely told strangers that. She said too many people trapped her in corners and told her about this pain in their side, or a growth on their toe. “I live in Portland but I often come home on weekends.” Was that a dig at him because he came home so rarely? Probably.
“I’m Cooper. I’m the youngest boy and I’m in grad school.”
“You should put those introductions to music. Like the Von Trap family,” Tessa said in a low voice.
“Evan? Aren’t you going to introduce yourself?” Marguerite teased.
He accepted his loaded plate. “I’m Evan, I’m the birthday boy and I hope you got me a good present.”
He nudged his date.
She put down her knife and fork. “I’m Tessa. I’m a partner in Willoughby, Tyson and Grundemeyer where I work with Evan.”
“Also a major babe,” Cooper said. He was the youngest boy and a charmer. It was amazing what he got away with.
“Totally,” Josh agreed. Josh might be gay, but he had a keen eye for feminine beauty. His sisters would be lost without his guidance.
“We’ve got five more kids who couldn’t come tonight,” Daphne said, glancing at the family photograph that dominated one wall of the dining room. They’d had it taken for their parents’ last wedding anniversary. She surveyed her brood proudly.
“Are they all yours?” Tessa asked Daphne. Perhaps she’d noticed that one of the kids in the photograph was black.
“Of course they’re all ours.”
“You gave birth to eleven children?” She eyed Daphne’s still-trim figure. “Are you Catholic?”
Daphne and Jack exchanged the same glance they’d been exchanging since the questions first started. “I didn’t give birth to every one of my children personally, but it’s not the act of giving birth that makes a child yours. It’s love and commitment.” She scanned the assorted group at the table. “Right kids?”
“Right Mom,” they chorused as they’d been doing for years.
Tessa sliced a tiny corner off her chunk of ham. “So, which of you—“
Jack cut her right off. “We’ve never made any distinction between the children of our loins and the children of our heart.”
“Dad, do not say loins at the dinner table,” Josh begged.
Tessa went on, “But you adopted—“
Jack cut her off again. “The A word is a dirty word around here.”
Tessa might be insensitive but she was one of the smartest people he knew, and never one to back down from controversy. The combination made her a great lawyer, though sometimes not the easiest social companion. She turned to Jack. “Let me guess, you’re—“ She dropped her voice to a stage whisper—“The A word.”
“New York here’s pretty smart,” Jack said to Evan. “You’re close. Only in my case it was the F word.” He gave her back the impertinent stare.
It didn’t take her more than a moment to follow. “You were a foster kid,” she said.
Jack nodded. Even after all these years darkness shadowed his face when he talked about his early years. “People took kids like me in to make money and treated us like outsiders. Sometimes a lot worse. A lot of folks still do.”
His dad’s words might have shut some people up. Not Tessa. “You seem to have turned out okay.”
“Love of a good woman.” He gazed down the length of the table to Daphne and they exchanged a glance that belonged on one of those long distance telephone commercials.
Tessa wasn’t one to let a subject go that interested her. She glanced around at the sibs. “Don’t you want to know if you’re ad—“ At a loud clearing of Jack’s throat, she amended her sentence to, “If you’re the natural children of Mr. and Mrs. Chance or not?”
It was Iris who answered. “We have a deal. If we want to know, Mom and Dad will tell us anything. But it’s completely an individual choice.”
She turned to Evan as though she’d never really seen him before. Tessa was the only child of parents who went all the way back to the Mayflower, or pretty close. Family, to her, meant pedigree. If her family was the Westminster Dog Show, his was the pound.
“Are you…?”
He reached for her hand underneath the table. Squeezed it. “Let’s talk about this later.”
She nodded, her breeding overtaking her nosiness. “Of course.”


After the chocolate slab cake was served and the dishes done, Daphne shooed everyone into the living room. Josh lit the big wood stove, even though it wasn’t that cold. He liked making fires.
Everybody sprawled on the old couches and put their feet up on furniture that had always been heavily used. The big picture window looked out onto the meadows and the pond. Raspberry canes were still heavy with the last fruit of the summer. Tessa perched on an overstuffed sofa with a cup of tea. Daphne settled beside her and engaged her in easy conversation.
He imagined the place looked shabby and cluttered to Tessa. To him it looked like home.
Lucky, the family dog, a big yellow lab, wandered in with her much-loved, much-slobbered-on tennis ball in her mouth. She headed straight over to Tessa and, before Evan could stop her, she’d dumped the ball into Tessa’s lap. Thing was, Tessa’s lap was covered in one of her designer skirts that probably cost more than most of his family members would spend on clothing in a year.
She was frigidly polite as Daphne apologized, took the ball and told Cooper to go outside and throw it for the dog. As Cooper dragged Lucky from the room, the dog cast a look back at Tessa that suggested she was deeply disappointed in their guest.
Evan remembered writing that bucket list now. He’d sat at the kitchen table, an earlier family dog at his feet, and scribbled some of it. Added things as he thought of them.
He felt the hurtle of time in that moment. He’d made that list at twelve. And most everything on it was a good thing to do. How the hell had he not accomplished more in almost a quarter of a century?
How had his life become concentrated into billable hours? He was so competitive that he tried to shave five minutes off every hour, so, at the end of a ten hour day he had an extra 50 minutes. He never wasted time gossiping or surfing the net. He was ruthlessly efficient. So how the hell had he accomplished so little?
“What’s up, big bro?”
His sister Marguerite was the least like him and, weirdly, the one who most understood him. She’d always read his moods. She settled herself beside him, a slim but strong woman in faded jeans and a flowing top that looked designed for meditation. Probably was. Her long, dark hair was a river of curls and her big, dark eyes gazed at him.
If anyone else in his family had asked him what was bothering him, he’d have laughed at them, but with Marguerite he was honest. Mainly because if he wasn’t she’d see through his lies and wait, patiently, until she wore him down. More time-efficient to come clean at the beginning.
“Mom sent this to me with my birthday card.” He pulled out the list and showed her. Watched her smile as she read the dreams of his twelve-year old self. “I’m thirty-five. How come I haven’t done any of those things?”
She glanced at the paper, which was becoming creased from how hard he was clenching it.
“Well, you are rich,” she reminded him.
“Kid stuff,” he dismissed his first goal, to be a millionaire by the time he was thirty. In fact, he’d hit seven figures of net worth in his late twenties. Working eighty hour weeks, living on a fraction of his income and investing the rest had paid off. That first million had babies. He’d invested wisely, thanks to Clayton Willoughby’s counsel and then branched out into real estate. He could retire today if he wanted to. Crazy thought.
“Number two: ride a motorcycle across the country,” she read. Then she looked at him. “Don’t you own a motorcycle?”
“Yes. Doesn’t mean I can take off and ride it across the country because my inner child says I should.”
“Sometimes our inner child is the voice of wisdom.”
He barely stopped himself from rolling his eyes. He folded his hands together the way he’d seen her do and said, “Namaste.”
“Back at you,” she said with a grin, and leaned over and gave him a smacking kiss on the cheek.


“Where do we sleep?” Tessa asked an hour later. “In the hayloft?” He’d said it was time for bed and then led her outside. She looked as though she were ready to steal his car and drive to the closest five star resort. Which would be a long drive.
“There’s a guesthouse on the property.”
She didn’t move. “Does it have indoor plumbing?”
Even though he shared a lot of her opinions about his family, the thing was, they were his family. He could criticize them. Turned out he didn’t think Tessa had the right. “As soon as I clean out the squirrels and check the mouse traps, we can move right in,” he said, hauling his overnight bag out of the trunk.
But they never did make it to the guesthouse. His cell phone rang. Clayton Willoughby’s home number. That was odd. Clay didn’t own a cell phone. Didn’t believe in working weekends unless something extraordinary was going down. For some reason, he grabbed Tessa’s hand when he answered the call. “Evan Chance.”
“Evan, it’s Tina.” Tina was Clayton’s wife. Her voice was thick with tears.
At the sound of her choking voice, his heart began to pound. “What is it?”
“It’s Clay. He-he’s—”
“He’s what?”
“He was on his way to his study and I heard a noise, like a grunt, and then a crash.” She made a sound like a mewling kitten. “When I got there, he was on the floor, he wasn’t breathing. I called 9-1-1 and the paramedics spent ages and ages, but they couldn’t revive him.” Again that painful sound. “They think it was a massive heart attack.”
“You mean he’s—”
“Dead. I – I don’t know what to do. He always trusted you.”
He glanced at his watch. “I’m on my way. But I’m a couple of hours away.”
She sniffed. “All my friends are in New York. He worked all the time. We only socialized with business colleagues. I realized tonight, I don’t have any friends here.”
“I’m his friend.” He hesitated briefly, “And yours too. I’ll be there as quick as I can.”
Evan said his goodbyes to his family and he threw the overnight bags back into his silver Lexus and headed north for Seattle.
He drove way too fast, as though if he got there quickly enough he’d find Tina had made a mistake and Clay would be in a hospital bed already joking with the nurses.
Tessa didn’t say a word for half an hour and he was grateful to her for understanding that he needed quiet. He’d flipped off the sound system the second it came on, knowing he couldn’t listen to music or news or anything. Not now. The road was as black as a funeral hearse pulling them inexorably ahead.
When Tessa finally spoke her first words stunned him. “Evan, we have to move fast.”
“If I drive any faster we’ll end up in the hospital too.”
She shot him an impatient glance. “You need to pull your wits together and think. I know Clay was your friend, but he’s gone. It’s time to think about us.”
“Us?” His brain was foggy. He couldn’t focus.
“As far as I’m aware there was never an agreed upon succession plan at the firm.”
“For God’s sake, the man hasn’t been dead an hour.”
“That’s why we need to put emotion aside and think logically. We need to move fast on this.”
“Raymond Metcalf is the most senior partner. It’s logical—”
“I don’t care about sentiment. I care about what’s best for the firm. And for us. Ray’s as caught up in the glory days of the past as Clayton was. What that firm needs is new blood, new direction. Higher billings.”
He shot a glance at her and saw her face was calm, determined. “What exactly are you suggesting?”
“Don’t be stupid. You know exactly what I’m getting at. We’ve talked about it. You and me. An unbeatable team. We’re young, smart, aggressive.” She squeezed her left hand into a fist and he saw it outlined against the windscreen as though she were about to punch something. “We could make that firm twice as efficient and twenty percent more profitable in the first twelve months.”
He suspected she was right. But Clay wasn’t even cold yet. And the excitement he’d felt when he and Tessa had discussed how they’d run the firm ‘someday’ wasn’t happening.
His brain kept repeating, “Clay can’t be dead.”
As the miles rolled on, he knew he had to accept the inevitable. His mentor, a man who had been a kind of father to him, was gone.


Clayton Willoughby’s funeral was held at the Presbyterian church he’d attended faithfully, every Easter and Christmas. Afterward there was a reception at The Port Club.
Evan had heard all the lawyer jokes, of course. The ones about lawyers and sharks seemed particularly popular. But he couldn’t help thinking of sharks circling as he watched his colleagues at the post-funeral reception. They drank carefully, nobody was going to get drunk and lose control. They might mouth how much they were going to miss Clayton Willoughby but their sharp eyes and snapping jaws suggested that every lawyer present was figuring out how the death would affect them and whether they could profit from it in some way.
Tessa wore a designer black sheath dress and a flawless diamond necklace he’d bought her at Tiffany when she made partner. She’d pretty clearly indicated which engagement ring she’d like but for some reason he hadn’t ever got around to asking her to marry him. He supposed it was assumed that the two of them would marry, by Tessa, by him and by everyone they knew.
He watched her talk to the right people, say all the right things, while he knew she was planning a coup. Part of him admired her toughness and lack of emotion. Part of him despised her.
He left early, with no stomach for competition, not today.
It was three o’clock on a Tuesday afternoon. He went to the office where work always waited. But as hard as he tried to focus, today the concentration wouldn’t come. He found himself staring at an open file, not knowing what it was or why he’d opened it.
Around four, a clerk brought in a couriered package. Normally, everything was opened before it reached him, but this wasn’t a regular day. His secretary and most of the office was still at the wake. He felt sick when he recognized the return address as Clayton’s home. He stared at it for a moment then ripped open the flap. Inside was a worn leather jewelry case. He found his hands weren’t quite steady when he flipped open the case.
Glittering at him was the gold watch Clayton had worn every day that Evan had known him. It didn’t keep particularly good time, but he’d never seen Clayton without it. There was a note from Tina. “Clay left this to you. He loved you like a son.”
Evan stared at the gold watch for a long time. Then, he unhooked the Rolex from his wrist – even though that kept excellent time, and fastened on the old Patek Phillipe that he knew was from 1948, the year Clayton was born and his father had bought him that watch to celebrate his birth, but only presented it to him when he graduated college. The wristwatch was absurdly valuable considering it didn’t keep time.
He was having trouble with the catch since he couldn’t see properly.
A cold voice cut through his grief. “What are you doing sitting here crying?” Tessa snapped. “The others will be back soon. Man up for God’s sake.”
He looked at her, imagined pulling off a corporate coup, taking control of this law firm, making it efficient and even more profitable, marrying Tessa and continuing to build their base as a corporate power couple.
She was standing there, cool and controlled, as cold and hard as the diamonds at her throat. And as beautiful. “You’re really going for it, aren’t you?”
She glanced up and down the hallway, making sure no one was around. Then she stepped into his office. She glanced at the two watches but didn’t comment. “We’re going to do this together. This is our chance. Once we cement our power in this firm, we’ll be unbeatable. I’ve already got some ideas for changing the way we bill.”
“A corporate power couple.”
She smiled, approving of him, as though he’d finally caught on to the obvious. He felt suddenly that he was part of her plan, that she wanted to mate with him for the same cold-blooded reasons that he’d added people to his ‘want-to-meet’ list that he didn’t admire or respect.
He and Tessa had been together for almost two years and he felt that he didn’t really know her at all.
“Do you even love me?” he asked.
She stared at him for a long moment. “Don’t be a pussy.”
Chapter Three


Evan’s motorcycle leathers held a familiar scent. They smelled like dust, like miles on an empty road; they smelled like freedom. Years hanging in storage in his parents’ attic hadn’t done them any harm that he could see and to his satisfaction they still fit.
The bike was a Honda Shadow VT 750 American Classic Edition. He’d bought it new in 2002 back in college. He’d been 23 years old and already finished his first year of law school. His parents had fought his decision to buy a motorcycle, not because they thought motorcycles were dangerous. Because they felt he should ride a pedal bike and reduce his carbon footprint.
The bike looked pretty good for its age mostly because it didn’t have many miles on it. He’d stopped adding miles when he got sidetracked by business and success. He’d stored it in the back of a barn where farm equipment was kept so he knew the roof would be sound. Like the leathers, the bike seemed in pretty good shape but he took it to a mechanic anyway and had it all tuned up. He could have bought something newer and fancier but this bike reminded him of being young and he liked that.
He bought himself a new helmet, though. Technology had changed enough that the safety ratings of the new helmets were much higher than the dusty old red one hanging in the barn. He suited up, packed the few belongings he thought he’d need into a trunk in the back behind the passenger seat and in the two saddle bags. He packed a tent, a minimal amount of supplies, a few clothes, and, after a struggle, his laptop.
“You’re really going to do this?” Marguerite asked as he checked that he had all the essentials before setting out to accomplish item two on his pre-teen bucket list.
“I am. I’m going to tackle every item on Evan’s Amazing Life List starting with Ride a Motorcycle Across the Country.”
“I am so proud of you.” She’d been digging up organic potatoes, the blue Russian ones that sold so well at the market. She wiped the rich, black dirt from her hands before giving him a hug.
The goodbyes didn’t take too long. He didn’t miss the irony that his parents were proud of him in a way they never had been when he succeeded in Big Law. He wondered idly if that had been his rebellion. Other kids smoked pot and got tattoos and went to India. All of which his family would have been fine with.
But whole-heartedly supporting capitalism? Bringing in seven figures a year as a corporate lawyer? He’d never overcome the feeling that somehow, by becoming a successful corporate lawyer, he’d disappointed them.
Now that he’d pretty much chucked a lucrative career, ended a two-year relationship with a woman beautiful, intelligent and successful in order to try and complete a twelve-year old boy’s bucket list, they beamed all over their faces.
He hugged first his mother, then his father.
“Promise you’ll stay in touch,” Daphne said, handing him a reusable lunch sack. “I packed you lunch for the road.”
He was oddly touched. “I’ll email you regularly,” he promised.
His dad handed him a road atlas. A road atlas.
“Wow. Thanks.”
“Jack,” Daphne said, “he’ll have GPS on his cell phone. What are you thinking?”
“He could lose his cell, could be in an area with no reception. A map is always useful.”
“Old fashioned, but true,” Iris agreed. She handed him a paper sack. “Your favorite muffins. I made them myself, this morning.”
A gratifying number of his sibs had come for the big farewell. “Where’s your first stop?” Cooper asked.
“No idea,” he said. This was the part he loved best. After years of always knowing where he’d be, where he was headed, how long it would take to get there, he suddenly had no destination, no time frame, no agenda.
“But I’ll call you when I get there.”
“You do that.” Cooper fist bumped him. “I’ll want to borrow that bike when you’re done, so don’t wreck it.”
“I won’t.”
“If you head out on the 80 or the 84 east, that should give you a good start,” said his dad who’d obviously been studying the atlas.
“I made a deal with myself. If there’s a major route or a minor one, I’ll always take the smaller road.”
“Two roads diverged in a wood, and I,
I took the one less traveled by,” Iris, the English major, quoted.
“Exactly.”
“So, your twelve year old self and a dead poet are your guides on this trip,” Cooper said.
He grinned at the sheer craziness of his plan. “Pretty much.”
“It’s a wonderful idea,” Daphne said. His mom was way too nice to tell him how happy she was that he and Tessa had broken up, but he wasn’t stupid. And, being his mom, she was right.
Lucky, the lab who’d been part of their family since Marguerite found her as a stray five years ago, sat with a concerned look in her big eyes, panting. Her tail drooping. Her disgusting tennis ball forgotten in a corner. Like every dog Evan had ever known, Lucky viewed packing with deep suspicion, knowing it meant somebody she loved was going away somewhere.
He knelt on the kitchen floor and gave the dog a hug. “I’ll be back soon, Luck. You guard Mom and Dad, okay?”
Lucky’s tail thumped on the floor, which he took to be a yes.
He zipped his leather jacket. Picked up his helmet and headed out to the porch. His family came out with him. Lucky stopped only to grab the ball in her mouth and followed.
He gave last hugs all around, then walked down to the gravel drive. He stowed the last gifts, mounted the bike, started it and headed out.
When he got to the end of the long gravel drive where the hand-painted mailbox perched, right before he hit the paved road, he put a foot on the ground and turned. They all stood on the big porch waving. He felt a foolish wetness behind his eyes. He raised his hand and then lifting his foot, he began a trip he’d planned when he was twelve years old.
Ride a motorcycle across the country.
Okay. He headed east.


Evan was driving down a country road. It was probably nice and quiet out there, hard to tell with the relentless roar of the powerful motorcycle engine. He should find a place to stay for the night, he thought, realizing he’d been following this same road in a kind of trance for a couple of hours now. His shoulders were sore and his back tight from too many miles without a break. He’d find a motel or a campsite, get some food.
This was only his second day on the road but he felt that he’d developed a kind of rhythm. He’d drive for a few hours, stop for meals, maybe see whatever sight the area boasted, then he’d get back on the bike and ride some more.
Last night he’d pulled into a drive-in motel, so different from the places he usually stayed on his corporate expense account. His room had smelled of disinfectant and when he’d tried to sleep, the couple having sex next door had kept him awake. Finally, he’d pulled out the atlas and, using a yellow highlighter, he’d traced his route on the atlas. For all the hours of driving it was amazing how little of the country he’d covered. He wasn’t in a hurry, he reminded himself. He’d imagined his trip across the country would take eight days. Now he was wondering if it might be more like two weeks? Especially if he kept taking these country roads.
Today, his body was reminding him that this was unfamiliar exercise. His back felt stiff, his wrists sore from the unaccustomed strain. It was time to take a break.
He began to look around him, wondering where exactly he was.
This road was more like a country lane with no streetlights and little in the way of lit homes. The single headlight on his bike seemed to tunnel through darkness showing only a few feet ahead of him. He really should have stopped at the last town which he’d reached as night was falling but he’d felt that he had a few more miles on him. He hadn’t seen a place to stay that appealed to him and so had ridden on. Big mistake. Now he was tired, had no idea where he was and knew he’d have to stop at the next place that offered some kind of accommodation and food.
He heard the bark before he saw the flash of dark shadow against the dark road. He swerved, but the crazy animal, dog of some kind he thought, changed direction right when he thought he was clear.
He jammed on the brakes and jerked the handlebars, going into a skid. He swerved to miss the dog, but he low sided on the gravel shoulder. He heard a squeal and realized he hadn’t missed the dog after all. Almost as though it were happening in slow motion, he felt the bike lose traction, slip out from under him. He tumbled, and the next thing he knew he was on the ground.
Evan stood slowly, happy to find nothing hurt too badly. His bike lay on the side of the road, probably scratched but he couldn’t really see. He turned the bike off. He had to brace himself and use all his strength to haul the bike upright on the kick stand.
The howl of canine pain was high-pitched and filled him with guilt as he ran forward. “It’s okay, buddy. It’s okay,” he said, in the voice he’d been using with hurt dogs since one of the earlier family mutts had got a snout full of porcupine quills.
He kept his gloves on in case the animal tried to bite him, and ran his hands over its body.
The dog howled piteously so at least he knew it wasn’t dead. Couldn’t leave it in the middle of the road. Shit. There was no traffic but who knew when a car would come along? The dog struggled to its feet, but when it tried to walk it whined. “Okay, buddy, let’s get you home.”
Fortunately, the dog was small enough that he could lift it, though he wouldn’t be able to go too far. He started off at a trudge, deciding he’d pull in to the first house he saw. His companion whined a little, but at least had the sense to stay still. He couldn’t have carried it if it kept struggling. He kept up a one-sided conversation with the dog, mostly repeating variations of, “we’re going to find help. We’ll get you fixed up good as new.” He hoped to hell he was telling the truth.
His arms were burning when he heard the sound of a car driving slowly behind him. He turned, hoping to flag down the driver and get some help. To his relief, the vehicle was a police cruiser and it pulled over beside him. The passenger window rolled down revealing a lone officer at the wheel, a guy about his own age, who checked him out with the universal cop gaze they must teach in the police academy.
“You got some trouble there?” he said.
“Yeah. Dog ran in front of me. It’s hurt, don’t know how bad.”
“That your bike back there?”
“Yes.”
The cop nodded.
“Is there a vet near here?”
Again, that searching gaze turned on him before the cop accepted that a man carrying a whining dog probably didn’t have B&E on his mind. “Doc Sorenson lives in that house through there.” He pointed to the lit windows of a house down a path. “That’s a community walking trail. You’ll be there in a couple minutes.”
“Thanks.”
The officer didn’t offer to drive him to the vet’s place. Probably didn’t want to have to clean dog blood out of the back of the cruiser. “Is your bike rideable?”
“I think so.”
“Good. Have a nice evening.” And the cruiser drove away.
He couldn’t tell if the query about his bike had been genuine helpfulness or a veiled suggestion that he get his dog-maiming self out of this sleepy town ASAP.
Evan turned with his burden and headed for the lighted windows of the vet. “Almost there, buddy.”
It was farther than he thought, and definitely more than a couple of minutes’ walk, but eventually he was standing in front of a sturdy oak door, shifting the dog so he could ring the bell. In the porch light he got his first good look at the wounded dog. It was not a pretty sight. Bedraggled, with a tangle of matted brown hair, this was a dog only fleas could love.
He wished the door would open. His arms were aching and he was worried about the mutt. What if no one was home?
But the second he had the thought he became convinced there was someone on the other side of the door. He turned to the peephole as though he could see into it rather than be observed. Then the door opened and he forgot who he was and why he was standing there.
A young and seriously beautiful woman stood in front of him, long blond hair haloed by the lights inside the house so she looked for a moment like an angel.
Her pretty face creased in a frown. “Can I help you?”
“I’m looking for Doctor Sorenson. A cop sent me here. This dog ran out into the road and I hit it with my motorcycle. I tried to swerve but the fool mutt changed direction.”
“A police officer sent you here?” Even her voice was pretty. Low and musical. The dog’s tail thumped his elbow so he figured the instant crush was mutual.
“Yes.”
He thought she rolled her eyes. “I’m Doctor Sorenson.” Maybe she only worked office hours. He couldn’t carry this dog another step. He tried pulling out all his charm. Cracked a winning smile, the kind he used on female clients and opposing counsel. “Please. Could you take a look at him? I don’t know how badly he’s hurt.”
She reached out and patted the dog’s head. It licked her hand. Clearly, she had a way with animals. “All right. Bring him around to the side door. I’ll meet you there.”
“Thanks.”
He backed down the three stairs and when he hit bottom a light came on to his right, indicating what must be the door to her vet hospital.
She opened the door before he got there, and he had a glimpse of a waiting room with a circle of chairs and a reception desk with a wall of files behind it. She led him to a small examination room and even with the dog weighing heavy in his arms and his concern that it might be seriously hurt, he couldn’t help but notice the sway of her trim hips. She wore faded jeans and a blue sweater that slipped off one shoulder. On her feet were bedroom slippers. “Put him on the examination table,” she said, flipping on a bright overhead light. The black vinyl bed had paper stretched over it that crinkled when he laid the dog down. He thought the dog might try to flee, but the animal seemed to be as tired of this ordeal as he was.
In the bright light the dog didn’t get better looking. It was not what anyone would call a handsome animal. Brown with some gray markings, the tangles of matted fur, a sharp-nosed face, and legs that seemed too skinny for its body. There was a little blood on the coat but otherwise he couldn’t see how badly it was hurt.
The vet pulled on surgical gloves and stepped forward. “Okay, pup, let’s take a look at you.” She ran her hands gently over the dog. It watched her from dark eyes and he found himself patting the thing on the head saying, “It’s okay, Buddy.”
She had a calm, capable way about her. She pulled out a stethoscope and listened to the dog’s heart. He loved the concentration on her face. She had big, blue eyes and the kind of pale skin that suggested Nordic blood. She was small-boned, tall and slender and he wondered how she managed the bigger farm animals she must treat out here in the boonies.
She asked him to describe the accident. Nodded when he’d finished.
“The skin is broken from the impact, but nothing internal seems injured. He’s bruised. And he’s strained a leg.” She rubbed the dog. “You were lucky.” She opened a drawer and pulled out a small tube. “This is antibiotic cream.” She applied it gently to the hurt spot on the dog’s side and he seemed to enjoy the attention. She put the lid back on and handed him the tube. “Apply this a couple of times a day until the wound heals.”
Evan took the cream automatically, but said, “He’s not my dog. Do you know him? I’d like to get him back to the rightful owners.”
“No. I’ve never seen this dog before.”
“Damn. Thought he might be one of your patients.”
A gleam of humor lit her eyes. In that moment he registered facts he hadn’t paid attention to before. The big poster of a human skeleton on the wall. The stirrups at the end of the black bed.
“Actually,” she said, “I’m a—”
“People doctor,” they both said at the same time.
Chapter Four


Caitlyn Sorenson almost hadn’t opened the door. A good look through the peephole had revealed, not one of her patients who believed that clinic hours were for other people, or a kid selling something to raise money for a sports team as she’d expected. Instead, she’d seen a stranger. That was remarkable in itself, to have a stranger show up at seven at night in Miller’s Pond. He looked like a drifter or an outlaw in black leathers streaked with dirt. His dark brown hair needed a trim, and she doubted his face had met a razor in the last week. Good looking if you liked those disheveled rootless types, with almond-shaped hazel eyes and a mouth that looked to her as though it were made to talk dirty.
Nope, she’d never have opened her door to him, except that she’d seen the dog and known it was hurt. And she’d been a sucker for anything hurting ever since she could remember.
There was also something about the way motorcycle guy had held that dog that had weakened her resolve not to open the door to anyone who wasn’t in life-threatening, gonna die if I don’t see a doctor NOW danger. Clearly this was not the case, but there was blood on the dog’s coat, and she supposed motorcycle guy could have a concussion or head trauma. She saw no motorcycle helmet, which irked her immediately. Then he’d raised his eyes as though he were looking right back at her through the peephole and she’d experienced a shivery sense of connection.
Oh, the hell with it. She opened the door.
And now that she’d treated the canine, she said, “He should probably see a real vet tomorrow. Dr. Greenfall in Cedar Bend is your best bet.”
Her unwanted guest still seemed stunned that an MD had treated his dog. A crackling of paper had them both turning to see the dog, obviously exhausted from its traumatic evening, stretch out on the patient examination table and fall asleep.
“How much do I owe you?” he asked, reaching for a wallet.
Her laugh stopped him. “Can you imagine my accountant trying to figure out how to itemize this? Don’t worry about it.”
He nodded thanks, an answering gleam of amusement in his own gaze.
“Why did that cop send me here?” rough and rugged asked.
“Chief Barker has a – peculiar sense of humor.” And she was seriously going to kill him over this.
The drifter’s gaze was steady on her face. “Is he your boyfriend?”
He interviewed people the way she did, she thought. Picking up more than the words a person spoke. Listening for nuance, body language, the significant pause.
There was a significant pause now, she realized too late, before she said, “No. He’s not.”
“But he wants to be?”
“You’re pretty observant for a stranger cruising through town.” And since she wanted to get off the subject of Barker and make sure her after hours visitor wasn’t hurt, she said, “I’d better take a look at you, too, before you go. I’m better with humans.” She motioned him to a visitor’s chair, since the examination table was occupied, and reached for a pencil light. “Do you remember if you hit your head when you crashed?”
“Clinic hours are over,” he reminded her, pointing to the schedule posted on the wall.
They locked gazes and she could see a kind of stubbornness she recognized well because she had it too. So she softened her approach.
“Look at this from my point of view. If you’re found dead on the road of a brain bleed and everyone in town knows you came here the night of the accident – and believe me, in this town, everyone will know – how would it look for my reputation?”
“I didn’t hit my head,” he said, but he sat down anyway.
“You’d be surprised how many concussion patients tell me that. Were you wearing a helmet?” She kept her tone neutral but he’d be getting The Lecture if he was roaring around on a motorcycle without wearing head protection. If she had a dollar for every trauma victim who could have been saved if they’d worn their seatbelts, bike helmets, kept the guns locked up…
“My helmet’s with the bike,” he said, his gaze intent on her face.
“Good.”
She shone the light in his eyes and was gratified to see excellent pupil reaction. Also, there were intriguing flecks of gold and black in the mossy green of his eyes. There were white lines in the crinkles around his eyes as though he’d been squinting into the sun a lot.
“Can you take off your jacket? I want to listen to your heart.”
He obliged. Beneath the black leather jacket was a well-worn but obviously top quality gray T-shirt. The fabric was like silk to touch. She pushed the stethoscope under the fabric and heard the heartbeat, reassuringly strong and steady beneath a warm and muscular chest.
“Where’s home for you?” She asked in a conversational tone but part of her examination was making sure his memory was intact.
She watched him hesitate. Oh, oh. Then he said, “Oregon.”
“Turn your head please, to the right.” As he complied, she asked, “Whereabouts in Oregon?”
“Little town you wouldn’t have heard of.”
“Turn your head the other way for me.”
As he did, she asked, “What day is it today?”
“Wednesday. No. Wait. Thursday.”
Warning bells were beginning to tinkle. It was Friday. “Any pain when you turn your head?”
“No.”
“That’s a very nice watch,” she said, pointing to the gold piece on his wrist. “What time is it?”
He glanced at the watch while she checked the clock on her office wall. The time he gave her was a good thirty-five minutes different than the actual time.
As she brought her gaze back from the clock, he looked up from the watch and their gazes connected. “What’s your name?” she asked, wondering if she could get him admitted to the local hospital for observation overnight.
“Evan.” Then, “What are you doing?”
She’d already picked up her phone. “I’m calling the hospital, see if I can get you in for observation. I think you might have a concussion.”
He settled back. “Evan Alexander Chance. Evan for my grandmother on my mother’s side, Alexander for my grandfather on my mother’s side, Chance because my hippy, dippy parents didn’t believe in the patriarchal naming system and so chose a last name that they liked. Which they forced on all of us kids. My birth date is September 12, 1978. The president is Barack Hussein Obama. I don’t have a concussion. I simply stopped paying attention to what day it is, because I don’t care. And the watch tells terrible time. It’s sentimental, not practical.” He held out his wrist so the watch face was toward her and she saw that he was right. The watch was running half an hour fast.
“Okay,” she said, fascinated by his brief history. “You don’t have a concussion. You hurt anywhere?”
“No.”
“Then I’d say you’re good to go. You and your friend.” And she could get back to the evening she’d planned, which was catching up on her book club reading and indulging in a long, hot, bubble bath with a glass of wine. It was a Friday night luxury she looked forward to all week.
“He’s not my friend. He’s a crazy-assed mutt who ran right into my bike like he had a death wish.”
“He doesn’t look suicidal.”
They both regarded the creature whose paws were jerking as he slept. “I should try to get him home, but he’s not wearing a collar.”
“I noticed.”
“You think he’s a stray?”
“I think he’s probably a farm dog that ran off. Got spooked by something maybe. He’s too…” Her words petered out. She felt bad talking unkindly about a fellow living creature that was already hurting.
Evan finished the sentence for her, “Too ugly to be a pet. I wondered about that.”
She nodded. “I would guess he’s some kind of a herder. It’s like a blue heeler crossed with a –”
“Kitchen mop,” he finished. He turned a very attractive smile on her. “You know, I couldn’t help notice that it’s lonely out here. I didn’t notice a four-legged creature coming to the door with you. There’s a reason they’re called man’s best friend and all.” He looked at her hopefully. God he was cute. She bet he cleaned up real nice, too.
“Nice try,” she said, “but I have a cat. And my cat enforces a strict No Dogs policy.”
“Well,” he sent her that practiced but still-charming lady-killer grin again. “Can’t blame a guy for trying.”
“What are you going to do with him?”
In sleep the World’s Homeliest Dog made little woofs and then suddenly whined and went into a low growl. Somewhere in doggie dreamland things were getting interesting.
“I guess I’ll put him back where I found him.”
He glanced at her from under ridiculously thick lashes and she felt her instinct to save start to rise up, then realized she was being played. This wasn’t her dog, her guy, or her problem. If the dog became a problem, she’d make sure to let Chief Barker know about it. He could take the mutt to a shelter.
She kept a pleasant expression pinned to her face but didn’t answer. He took the hint and stood up which put him close to her. “I do need to pay you for treating me,” he said, once more reaching for his wallet.
Once more she stopped him. “It took me five minutes to check you out. Consider it your welcome-to-Miller’s-Pond gift.”
“I appreciate that. Increase your kindness and tell me where I can stay tonight? I was about ready to call it a night when I had the collision. Is there a hotel? Motel? Campground? Someplace nearby?”
“We only have one motel but the old couple who own it never take anyone past six o’clock.” She tried to think of a place. “There’s a KOA about five miles down the road.”
“That’ll do,” he said. “Thank you again for looking after two sorry strangers.”
“It was no trouble at all.”
“Come on, Homely,” he said to the dog, who shook his head when he woke as though shaking off water. When he looked at the two of them his ratty tail thumped. “Time to hit the road.” He scooped the dog off her table and Caitlyn hastily replaced the paper sheeting, knowing she’d hear no end of it come Monday if her nurse found out she’d treated anybody after hours. A canine? Caitlyn couldn’t imagine.
The dog exhibited a slight limp, but otherwise seemed okay. Without the burden of carrying the animal, Evan walked with a long, easy gait, as though he were in a hurry to get somewhere. He’d already told her he didn’t even know what day of the week it was so she wondered what his hurry could be.
When they got to the door, she opened it for them and he turned. He held out his hand. “Thank you again.”
His grip was warm and firm. “You’re welcome,” she said.
He let her go but didn’t leave right away. He said, “I don’t even know your first name.”
“Caitlyn. Caitlyn Sorenson.”
“If the MD thing doesn’t pan out, Caitlyn, I think you could have a fine future as a veterinarian.”
She laughed. “I’ll keep it in mind.”
She thought he’d leave and then he hesitated. “Can I ask you one more thing?”
“Sure.”
“What is a gorgeous woman like you doing home on a Friday night?”
Oh, there were so many answers to that. Everything from actually liking her alone time to there not being a whole lot of action in Miller’s Pond. Sometimes she missed the big city for the sheer range of restaurants and entertainment options though the truth was she’d usually been too exhausted after her ten-hour shifts as a trauma surgeon to take advantage of everything New York had to offer. She was as likely then, as now, to choose a hot bath and a good book. What she said was, “Catching up on a few things. Good night, Evan Alexander Chance.”
“Good night, Doctor Caitlyn Sorenson.”
At last she closed the door on her two unusual patients and, shaking her head, she locked up and returned to her living quarters.
The old house had belonged to her grandparents. Her granddad was ‘Doc Sorenson’ long before she was, and he’d started her on the path of medicine as a career.
This had been the first place she’d thought to come when her big city life imploded and, somehow, she’d never left.
It was funny, there was something about the sexy drifter that had reminded her of those days, the hectic pace, the relentless adrenalin rush of life and death, the lack of sleep, constant fog of tiredness. Once in a while she missed the crazy life she’d once lived. The adrenalin rush of pulling the broken and torn back together, celebrating every triumph over death and trying not to obsess over the ones who didn’t make it: the young accident victims, assault victims, victims of natural disaster and their own stupidity. The hospital where she worked was the destination where the most damaged were air-lifted.
During her blessed days off there’d been all of New York to sample from the galleries to the restaurants to the theaters. She’d dated men who were in the fast lane of their own professions, because they were the ones who understood that her job --saving lives-- always came first.
She had no idea why, but something about Evan Chance made her wonder. Maybe it was the gold watch and the obviously expensive T-shirt. She had an inkling he might be an escapee from the rat race too.
She supposed she’d never know.
She got out a bottle of her favorite bubble bath, some combination of lavender and chamomile that foamed under the running faucet, filling her bathroom with deliciously scented steam.
Cleopatra stalked in, demanding to be petted, so she knelt and stroked the tortoiseshell. “Yes, I know I smell like dog. He wanted to come and live here. Can you imagine?”
Still, she hoped the ugly dog would find its way home. And that the drifter would find whatever it was he was looking for.
Chapter Five


“Aw shit,” Evan muttered aloud when he reached his bike, already dreaming of driving to the campground Doc Sorenson had told him about. He’d found his bike fine. It was exactly where he’d left it, helmet sitting beside it on the ground where he’d hastily parked it after he hit the dog.
Now that he had time, he inspected the bike with the aid of the small flashlight he kept in his pack. He could feel scratches, discovered the mirror was bent; he bent it back into place. As he scanned the rest of the bike, his optimism that he’d be settled into a camp ground within half an hour vanished.
A small metal stub stuck out like a hitch-hiker’s thumb where the shift lever should be. It had snapped clean off. He’d be able to start the bike, but without the ability to change gears it would stall right away. He glanced up and down the deserted road and quickly realized he wasn’t going anywhere until morning.
As he cursed, the dog nosed him, tail wagging, as though they were somehow connected now because they’d collided on a dark road and Evan had taken him to a vet who wasn’t a vet.
“Shifter’s snapped off,” he told his hairy shadow. “You know what that means? I’m screwed. That’s what it means.”
The dog tipped its homely head to the side so a hank of mop curls shifted around.
“List of things to be pissed about,” he said, searching for some place flat and grassy. “One: I’m stuck in the middle of nowhere. Two: You are not only ugly, you are a road hazard. And three: I was looking forward to a long, hot shower.”
The dog made a noise, which sounded like he was arguing. As a lawyer, Evan was trained to consider all sides of an argument.
“Okay. On the plus side, the sexy doc. For which I should thank you, Buddy. Hottest woman I’ve seen in weeks.” The dog wagged his sorry excuse for a tail and cocked his head.
“Thing is, this is where our paths diverge. You need to go home.” He pointed down the dark road. The dog didn’t move.
“Go on. Go home!” He said it as sternly as he knew how.
The dog barked, once, like some game was about to start and he was ready to play.
“Thanks to you I have to camp rough for the night.” Wasn’t exactly what he’d had in mind, but the whole point of this trip was to embrace the adventure. Seemed tonight adventure wasn’t embracing him back. It was kicking him in the ass.
Well, one thing for sure, he traveled alone.
He picked up the dog once more. Jogged with it as far as he could, from the direction it had come at him. His home must be around here somewhere. When his lungs were burning, he slowed to a fast walk. He put the dog down. “Go home!”
Maybe he felt a tiny bit cruel, running away from that dog as fast as his long legs would carry him, while the dog was limping and couldn’t run at all. But the best thing for it was to find its way home.
It wasn’t long before he had the road to himself again.
He returned to his bike, pulled it even farther onto the shoulder of the road. Aided by his flashlight, he found a flat patch of ground, pulled a few rocks out of the way and pitched his tent. It wasn’t too bad, he supposed. Stars were out, crickets chirping. He pulled out the efficient camp stove he’d bought for the trip and boiled up some of the bottled water he carried. His larder wasn’t much, but he was tired and wanted something fast. He boiled up some instant noodles and sat on the patchy grass under the stars eating his sad excuse for dinner. He was nearly finished when he stopped, mouth still half open.
“I don’t believe it,” he said aloud.
The dog-shaped shadow was limping worse now. But that foolish dog hadn’t gone home. It had followed him. He wondered if that ugly, limping dog was a metaphor for his life. You could try to outrun the past, your problems, your family, but they kept following.
“Hey, Homely,” he called to the dog. It woofed once, then trotted, mostly on three legs, up to where he sat.
He rubbed its head and the dog licked his hand. “You may be the ugliest dog I’ve ever seen, but damn you’ve got persistence. I admire that.”
Ugly acted as pleased to see him as though he hadn’t tried to get rid of it. He set about pouring bottled water into one of his two bowls. The dog lapped eagerly. “I bet you’re hungry too, huh?” He bowed to the inevitable. “One more Ramen noodles coming up.”
Once the dog had polished off the noodles, he pulled the last of Iris’s muffins out of the crumpled paper bag. He shared a taste of home with the dog, amused to find that the gifts he’d accepted out of obligation rather than gratitude had been truly useful. His packed lunch, the muffins, the atlas.
After they’d both gone into the bushes to pee, he got into his tent with his ereader. “You sleep out here,” he said to the dog, pointing to the area outside his tent’s only door. Then he zipped it shut and crawled inside to where his sleeping bag was already laid out.
After ten minutes of trying to ignore the scratching of a dog paw on his tent flap, and the pathetic whines that accompanied the pawing, he gave up and let the dog in. He was firm, however, that it had to sleep in the corner, not on his sleeping bag.
Clearly feeling that having won the war, he wasn’t going to fight an insignificant battle, the dog wagged its wire brush of a tail and curled up in the corner, head on his paws, those dark eyes watching him read.
“I’m telling you right now,” he said, “If you have a home, we’re finding it. Tomorrow.”
A low whine was his answer. He remembered the antibiotic cream that was obviously made for humans. He squeezed some onto his finger and rubbed it carefully on the scabbed spot.
“And I’ve got to get a new shifter for the bike thanks to you.”
The tail bumped the ground.
Evan settled into his bag and read for a while. The small battery operated lantern gave enough light for him to see his screen. The blue tent walls shuddered when the breeze shifted, and outside he could hear the rustlings of who knew what? He was aware that the dog snoozed in the tent, it’s sides rising and falling as it slumbered. He remembered all the times when he was a kid falling asleep with one animal or another in his room.
He pulled out his atlas and the yellow highlighter and added today’s mileage. The US stretched vast across two pages of the atlas. He’d conquered less than a half an inch of that two page spread. He really needed to get moving he thought as he yawned. His own eyes grew heavy and he put out the lantern and slept.


When he woke the next morning, Evan pulled out his cell phone to find and call a bike repair shop. There was no cell service. Evan couldn’t believe it. He walked out to the road, nothing. Back and around behind where the tent was still pitched. Nothing. No way to call for help. After a surprisingly good sleep, he and his wounded shadow had woken with the sun. And he’d immediately worked out his agenda for the day. Get a new shifter, obviously. Find this dog’s home. Get back on the road. Seemed simple enough until he tried to use his phone to get hold of a garage or bike store and discovered there was no cell service on this God-forsaken stretch of nowhere.
He’d never believed he’d actually use the road atlas his father had insisted he take, but it was turning out to be one of his most frequently consulted possessions. Miller’s Pond was a small dot on a regional map, but it was the only dot for miles. The next sizeable town was at least fifty miles away.
He made coffee on his camp stove, shared a granola bar with the dog and then packed away his tent. In the hour or so that he’d been awake, not a single vehicle had passed in either direction on the road. Looked like he and his pal were in for another long walk. “Not that anyone would pick you up, even if we could hitch-hike.”
He left the bike on the side of the road and started walking, the dog at his heels. He’d put more ointment on the cut, which seemed to be healing fine, and he noted the dog wasn’t limping as much this morning.
They’d been walking a few minutes when a car drove by. Evan stuck out his thumb hopefully, but the Taurus roared by without slowing. A couple of kids in the back turned to stare at him.
He’d worried the maniac dog would run after the car, but he simply trotted along beside Evan.
Fifteen minutes later a truck passed going in the opposite direction. “Stay, Buddy.” Again, the dog remained right by his side. So why the hell had he run right AT the motorcycle?
“Maybe you learned your lesson, huh?”
He glanced up toward Doc Sorensen’s house but didn’t take the path. Instead he stayed on the main road, fairly certain it would lead him to the town center. Sure enough, after another twenty minutes they reached the town of Miller’s Pond and walked into a diner that advertised an all day breakfast special. The dog walked right up to the door with him and when he told it to sit and stay, it complied with flattened ears and a drooping expression.
He ordered sausage and eggs from a waitress with Lucille Ball red hair and thick eyeliner. She was probably in her early thirties and heavily pregnant. Idly, he wondered if Caitlyn Sorenson would be delivering the baby, and suspected she would.
This wasn’t the first time he’d thought about the sexy MD. She seemed a bit of a mystery, living out here in the boonies, presumably alone. She wore no ring. Hadn’t seemed like there was anyone but her in that house. Curious.
When his breakfast came, gratifyingly fast, and Lucille topped up his coffee, he asked, “Is there a car garage around here?”
“Uh, huh. Merv’s Gas and Auto Repair.” And she gave him directions. His breakfast came with four sausages. He ate three and, feeling like a fool, wrapped the fourth in a paper napkin. When he’d paid his bill, and left a hefty tip seeing as how that waitress would soon have another mouth to feed, he headed out. He’d half hoped the dog would have found a new fool to latch onto, but no. He was in the exact spot where Evan had left him, and greeted him with so much joy you’d think they’d been parted for a year.
He cottoned on to the sausage right away, and if Evan hadn’t been quick, he’d have eaten the napkin right along with the meat.
Having satisfied their appetites, the two walked over to Merv’s.
Merv was a slow-moving, slow-talking man with mutton-chop sideburns, a bald head and a stomach that suggested he enjoyed more pizza and beer than was good for him. When he heard about Evan’s trouble, he said, “That’s not a part I keep in stock. I’m going to have to send away. That’ll take at least two business days.”
“Does today count?”
He shook his head. “Today’s Saturday.” Evan didn’t bother to point out that since he was open for business on Saturday, he’d kind of hoped he might expedite the process. Instead he said, “So, we’re talking Wednesday?”
“Yeah. Wednesday or Thursday.”
Merv’s teenaged son, Bill, who was his assistant and gas jockey, drove Evan in a pickup truck back to collect the bike. In the bright light of day it looked dusty. A spider had made a web on it.
There was no point feeling frustrated, he reminded himself as he and the slow moving Bill hauled the bike up a wooden ramp and it into the truck bed. It wasn’t like he had to be anywhere. Besides, a few days in town should give him time to return his canine shadow to its rightful owners. And part of his journey was learning how to slow down.
So, he collected his belongings and followed Merv’s directions to the town’s only motel. Remembering Caitlyn Sorenson telling him that the owners were old, he decided to get there nice and early while the motel owners were at their freshest. And hopefully kindest.
It was getting on for noon when he walked up the drive. The Mill Pond Motel was a two level building with doors that opened onto outdoor balconies. There were probably two dozen rooms. Based on the cars in the lot, maybe a quarter of the rooms were rented. He brushed off his jacket and pasted on his most winning smile when he walked in. He had to ring the silver bell on the counter twice before an old woman came out from the back. She had short white hair and was wearing a sweatshirt with a photo transfer of three children, presumably her grandchildren. She looked at him with suspicion. “Help you?”
“Yes. I need a room until Wednesday or Thursday.”
She stared at him for an unnerving minute and he thought for a second she might refuse. Then she pulled out a card and said, “Room’s $89 a night with a queen sized bed. Continental breakfast served every morning between 6 and 9.” Then her gaze was drawn to the glass entrance door where the dog was pressing its nose against the glass and whining. “That your dog?”
Evan sighed. “Not exactly.”
It took negotiations as tricky as his toughest law cases in Seattle but finally, after she’d called out her husband, they agreed to let the dog stay in his room for the duration of his stay. This cost an extra hundred bucks.
The room was clean, the bed comfortable, and they were on the ground floor. The bathroom wasn’t huge, but the shower had a good, steady flow and he took the time to shave and put on clean clothes. He bundled up his dirty laundry and set out to find a Laundromat.
Miller’s Pond was not the kind of place he’d choose to linger in. It was a fine, solid middle America town, the kind where people knew their neighbors, crime was low and the economy neither boom nor bust. A good place to raise a family. But he wasn’t interested in any of those things.
Miller’s Pond didn’t boast a famous battle field, no illustrious historical figure had hailed from here. Miller’s Pond had offered the world no sports heroes or military heroes, no famous writers, cartoonists, inventors, musicians or movie stars. It didn’t even boast a curiosity, such as the largest button collection in the world or some such thing. Miller’s Pond did not seem to hold with such foolishness. It was the sort of town a man on a quest drove straight past without stopping.
He’d barely begun his trip and he was itching to get back on the road. He rubbed his sore wrist. At least he was getting a chance to rest his body.
As he walked down Miller’s Pond’s Main Street he noted a grocery store, a pharmacy, a couple of clothing stores, a dollar store, a gift shop, an independent coffee shop that he snapped a photo of to send to Iris. There was a realtor, a restaurant proclaiming Chinese/American food and a financial planning and insurance office. Two thrift stores caught his eye. A couple of banks had small branches on the main strip. He noted a few boarded up stores that he assumed were victims of the recession.
He found the Laundromat and chose the paid service where the owner would wash and fold his clothes for him. She was a nice, chatty woman who would have done the visitor’s center out of a job, if Miller’s Pond had a visitor center. While he was waiting, he snapped several photos of the dog with his smart phone. Not one of them made the mutt look cute. He followed the directions the woman at the Laundromat gave him to a mom and pop stationary store that boasted a business center.
Choosing the least ugly photo of the dog, he created a quick Is This Your Dog? poster and had thirty copies printed. Reluctantly, the stationary store owners let him tape his first poster in their window. He guessed they were worried that ugly little face staring out would hurt their business.
He tacked his poster up around town as he took a walk, hoping someone would yell out, in a thankful tone, “Bowser! There you are, boy!” and he could reduce his worries to getting his bike fixed.
But no such person hailed him. He found a pet shop, however, and bought a collar and leash, a dog bowl and some dog food. “Don’t suppose you’ve ever seen this dog before?” he asked the boy ringing up his purchases who had the look of a high school kid who only worked Saturdays. “Naah,” he said, looking down at the dog. Then he handed Evan his change. The bills had a strong scent of fish, probably because the kid had been cleaning out the fish tanks when Evan had rung the bell beside the cash register. He hadn’t bothered to wash up before ringing up the purchases.
Evan tacked one of his Is this Your Dog? posters on a community bulletin board inside the pet store where people offered to board horses, walk dogs and deliver organic cat food. Then he put the new blue collar around the dog and attached the matching leash.
Homely seemed to think this was part of a grand new game that involved dashing away and then coming close, then dashing away again.
Finally, he had the leash and collar attached and as they were leaving, Caitlyn Sorenson was about to enter. He held the door wide for her feeling that Miller’s Pond at least held one outstanding attraction. “Good morning, Doctor.”
She blinked at him, her eyes even prettier then he remembered. Her hair was pulled back and she was wearing a skirt that showed off great legs. “You’re still here.”
She scratched the dog’s head while the crazy mutt acted as though seeing her was the Best Thing That Had Ever Happened to Him.
“I had some bike trouble. I’ll be here a few days.” He didn't move, too busy wondering what this amazing woman was doing in this town that seemed to pride itself on average.
“I need cat food,” she said. They both hovered there and he felt the pull of attraction. It had been way too long since he’d felt this warm sizzle of what? Possibilities, he supposed. On impulse, he said, “My local sources tell me that the Country Grill serves the best food in town.”
Her eyes twinkled in amusement. “You have local sources?”
“Yes, ma’am. The nice lady at the Laundromat is pretty much a one woman visitor’s center.”
“Well, she was right.”
“Could I interest you in having dinner there with me tonight?”
“Oh.” She hesitated. Glanced down at the dog, which in body language terms suggested the word No was coming. “I don’t really date any—”
“It’s not a date,” he said quickly, before she could ramble into the excuse she was clearly trying to form. “It’s a thank you for patching me and my friend up last night.” He paused until she looked up and their gazes reconnected. Kept his face serious. “I don’t like being beholden. You don’t want to create trouble for your book keeper, which I respect, but I’d like to buy you dinner in return for your medical services, which keeps me from feeling like a charity case.”
She leaned back against the still-open door. “Nothing about you makes me think of a charity case,” she said.
Oh, that was an opening he could not resist. “What do I make you think of?” he asked.

The question hovered in the air. Teasing. A little flirtatious.
Hot, reckless sex, Caitlyn thought, that’s what he made her think of. She watched his eyes change, darken and smolder and for an awful moment she wondered if she’d said those words aloud. But no, she was pretty sure they’d stayed inside her head. Maybe he’d read her mind. She hoped he was getting the picture feed as well because it was quite a show going on in there.
Even though her touch had been purely professional last night, she hadn’t forgotten the warm muscular feel of his chest when she’d listened to his heart. Or the muscles in his neck when he turned his head for her. He had an aura of strength and command that appealed to her, as well as a certain reckless quality that sparked her interest.
That was the reason she was trying to get out of dinner. She didn’t need a reckless, hot, sexy stranger complicating her life. Not now that she’d finally found calm.
But then, perhaps some hot, sweaty sex was exactly what she needed. And it wasn’t like he was going to complicate her life. As soon as his bike was fixed, he’d be back on the road.
She caught his gaze. She bit her lip. “Would there be dessert involved?”
She hadn’t meant to sound so breathless, to make a dinner non-date sound like a sexual dare, but the second the words were out that’s exactly what they sounded like.
“I believe the evening could stretch to dessert,” he said, still as serious as a judge. He put a slight emphasis on the word could and she liked him for it, letting her know that he had no expectations.
She wasn't entirely sure what made her change her mind. Maybe she simply needed a night out. “I’ll meet you there at seven,” she said.
“I’ll look forward to it.”
As she finally stepped past him into the pet store, she realized that she was nervous. In that giggly, girlish way of a woman about to spend time with a man who interests her on the most primal level.
Chapter Six


Caitlyn’s cell phone rang as she was changing her bed sheets. And what exactly did she think she was doing? Changing her sheets before her date tonight?
She checked call display and picked up. “Charlotte! Hi. I was going to call you.”
“Was it to complain about my book club pick? Honestly, I couldn’t be any sorrier. I had to slog through one thousand pages of depressing, too. I felt like killing myself to end the misery.”
“Don’t forget, you’re reading for two.”
“To cheer us up I thought I’d cook. Have a few people for dinner tonight. Maybe play poker after.”
“I can’t. I have a date.”
“Get out of town. Did Barker finally wear you down?”
“No. Though Barker did set us up in a weird way.”
“Huh?”
So then she had to explain about Barker telling Evan that she was a vet, and the clinic visit, and all the way up to the dinner invitation.
“Let me get this straight. You rejected hottie McHottums chief of police in favor of a scruffy drifter?”
She thought about it. “Yep. Pretty much.”
“What do you know about this guy? He shows up on a motorcycle? He could be a Hell’s Angel trying to start a drug cartel in Miller’s Pond.”
“Wasn’t wearing the patch. Besides, this guy’s a lone wolf.”
“And you’re having dinner with the wolf?”
“Yep. At the Country Grill at seven.”
“That is so weird. Doug and I are having dinner there too. For our anniversary.”
“I thought you were having people over for dinner tonight?”
“That’s the great thing about being pregnant. My moods change faster than the weather.”
“Your anniversary is next week.” She rolled her eyes as she smoothed her favorite Egyptian cotton sheets onto the mattress.
“We’re celebrating this week. In case the baby comes early.”
“You’re a nosy, overprotective, b—”
“Best friend.”
“I wish you hadn’t called.”
“Oh, please let me come. I don’t get any excitement any more. TV’s all reruns. All I do is troll the Internet for things that could go wrong during pregnancy and childbirth. You would not believe the things that can go wrong.” Then, obviously remembering that Caitlyn was doctor as well as friend, said, “Well, I guess you can, but it’s scary out there.”
“What did I tell you about the internet?” Caitlyn said in a mock serious tone. “You are having a perfectly healthy pregnancy. Your biggest problem is internet addiction.”
“If I went out for dinner tonight, it would give me a healthy distraction.”
It didn’t really matter. As the only doctor in town she’d pretty much know everybody in the Country Grill anyway. “Okay, you can come. But don’t embarrass me.”
“Promise. So, why are you going out with biker dude?”
“I think you’ll understand when you see him.”
“He can’t be better looking than Barker.”
She sat on the end of the bed for a moment and tried to explain. “No. He’s not better looking. It’s more, you know how Barker always rides around in that police cruiser even when he’s not on duty?”
“Yeah, like if a crime happened he’d be ready, 24/7.”
“Exactly. I bet he takes his pager to bed with him. Evan, well if the cruiser’s Barker’s ideal vehicle, maybe the motorcycle is Evan’s. It’s cool and kind of badass and gets associated with drifters and guys on the run. He couldn’t be more different than Barker.”
“The chief’s got a fun side. Look at the prank he played on you and Evan.”
“The joke’s on him. He never would have sent a strange guy to my house if he’d thought I would open the door. I only did open it when I realized the dog was hurt.”
“And the drifter was hot but he is, you know, a drifter. Barker lives here. He’s crazy about you.”
Maybe that was one reason why she’d decided to accept Evan’s date. To quell the idea that she and Barker were going to get together. She wanted the idea quelled in everyone’s mind, but most especially, in Barker’s. “I like him, I do. But I can’t see us together.”
“Everybody in town wants you guys to get together.”
Like that was news. “If we got married nobody would worry about losing the police chief or the town doctor.”
“Well accept it as a compliment. You’re right. Nobody wants to lose you.” Then her friend said, “What are you wearing for your date with Easy Rider?”


When she arrived at the restaurant, at a couple of minutes before seven, because she was never late, not even to be fashionable, Evan was already there, standing outside waiting for her. She’d assumed he wouldn’t have anything but jeans in his motorcycle luggage and she’d been right. But these were nice jeans, well-fitted. Hugo Boss, she thought. He wore the leather jacket, but under it was a black cashmere sweater. He’d shaved, found his way to the barber for a trim and generally spruced up from hot rugged drifter to hot well-groomed drifter.
She’d dithered for an hour trying to figure out what to wear. She didn’t want to appear in a designer dress if he showed up in jeans and a hoodie, but she also didn’t want to dress down so far that he felt insulted.
Finally, she chose a silky shirt in her favorite blue, a black skirt and heels. Sure, they were Manolo Blahniks but she doubted anyone in town would know that.
Shoes like that should be worn, not hidden in a closet. If she owned a Picasso she’d hang it on her wall, not hide it away in the basement. She felt that way about good shoes, like they were wearable art.
“You look beautiful,” he said, not loading on a compliment, but as someone stating a fact.
“Thanks. You clean up pretty well yourself.”
He opened the door. “Shall we?”
Even though this was her town and she was the regular, he stepped ahead of her and up to the hostess station. Candy Kress was on duty and she looked unimpressed. Candy was the daughter of the owners and would do anything to get out of working at the Grill, as Caitlyn knew since both mother and daughter were her patients and both spent most of their time in her office complaining about the other.
“I made a reservation for seven,” he said. “Name’s Chance.”
Candy flicked a mildly interested glance up and down the new guy in town. Then behind him to where she stood.
When her permanently bored expression changed to a quick look of shock, Caitlyn smiled. “Hi Candy.”
“Hi Doc.” She picked up two menus, led them to one of the best tables in the house, by the window, and slapped the menus on the table.
Special treatment for her doctor only went so far.
In less than a minute, Candy’s mother, Louise rushed up, no doubt after Candy ran to her with the news that Doc had a date. “Hi, Doc. Good to see you here again.” Then she turned to Evan and did a double take. She didn’t actually say, “Hello, gorgeous,” but it hung in the air like a conversation bubble. “Can I get you something to drink? Martinis are our specialty.”
He raised his eyebrows to her. The last martini she’d drunk had been in midtown Manhattan. What was it about this man that kept bringing her back to those days? Of course, there’d been a lot to like about those days. ”Oh, why not.”
“We’re causing quite a stir,” he said as they waited for their drinks to arrive.
“You noticed?” She had, of course, because she lived here and knew that normally she could show up for dinner and all the other diners would concentrate on their food, their conversations, Facebook apps on their phones, the menus, the music playing softly in the background. But not tonight.
Tonight, she felt the buzz of interest as people stared, gossiped and generally made her miss New York more than she had in a very long time. Imagine showing up at a restaurant and having no one know or care who you were, whom you were with or what was going on between you. She had a feeling one martini wasn’t going to be nearly enough.
“I imagine this is how celebrities feel when they go out to a public place.”
“Give them a minute, they’ll calm down.”
He leaned forward. “That’s the police chief over at the bar. Between me and the exit. And I’d say he’s armed.”
“He’s not even in uniform,” she said, trying not to laugh.
“Bet he’s carrying concealed.”
Since it was likely, she didn’t comment.
“He’s hoping I’ll do something dangerous like jaywalk so he has a good excuse to run me out of town.”
She smiled but refused to comment.
“Then there’s a pregnant woman at two o’clock checking her smart phone to see if I'm on the FBI’s most wanted list.”
She sighed. “My best friend, Charlotte. She’s not subtle.”
“And for the rest, I’d say they’ll have no trouble rounding up a posse if I step out of line.”
“Most of them are in my book club.”
He shook his head. “Strung up by bibliophiles. That’d be a new one.”
“We could go somewhere else.“
“They’d only follow.” He grinned at her. “I’d say everyone in this town adores you.”
“Or they don’t want to lose the town’s only doctor to a mysterious drifter.”
The martinis arrived at that moment. She sipped and found her drink deliciously dry.
“While you’re enjoying your cocktail, let me tell you about our dinner specials,” Louise said.
She chose the trout special, and her date ordered the steak with baked potato and all the fixings. He also ordered a bottle of wine, with the air of somebody who knows his way around a wine list.
When Louise disappeared with their orders she was trying to find a diplomatic way to ask him who exactly he was and why he was such a mass of contradictions, when he spoke. “So, what’s an uptown girl like you doing in a place like this?”
His words so mirrored her own thoughts about him that she smiled. “It’s funny, I was thinking something similar about you.”
“But I asked you first,” he reminded her.
She played with her cutlery, then realized what she was doing and put it back in place. When she glanced up and met his gaze she found it full of understanding. Enough that she could be honest. “I’m not sure how much I want to tell you.”
“Think of it this way. I’ll be gone in a few days. Never to be seen again. I’d say your secrets are safe with me.”
“And what about your secrets?” She leaned forward. If he could play this game, so could she. “Are they safe with me?”
Their gazes locked and she felt a sexual sizzle in her core, a feeling she hadn’t experienced for far too long. He reached forward and brushed her fingertips with his own. The sizzle went right to her toes. This from the merest whisper of a touch? She couldn’t imagine what a man like this could do to her. “Let’s find out,” he said, eyes grinning wickedly. “Tell me all your secrets.”
“How do I know you won’t drag my entire life story out of me and then clam up?”
His lips quirked. “I can see you’re a cautious woman.”
Years of experience in being manipulated, she could have told him. But that was one of those secrets she wasn’t yet ready to share. Probably never would with Evan. “I am.”
He appeared to contemplate the problem deeply.
“You could go first,” she suggested. “You could spill all your secrets and then I’d feel more comfortable telling you mine.”
He had a way of looking at her from under his ridiculously gorgeous eyelashes that made her picture rumpled sheets and bare skin moving on bare skin. He said, “My secrets would take us at least until breakfast.”
There it was. That challenge again.
“That’s a lot of secrets.”
“It is.” He leaned back, sipped his drink. Pondered. Finally said, “I have a suggestion.”
“I was hoping you would.”
“I will tell you a little about me. Then you will tell me a little about you.”
“We’ll take turns?”
“Yes.”
The wine arrived, and Evan sampled it and declared it fine. She sipped hers and decided he had a very good palate. She also decided she’d better take it easy on the booze. She sipped some of her ice water.
“So, who goes first in this telling of our histories?”
“I would say ‘lady’s first’ but in this case let’s say, ‘lady’s choice.’”
“Then I choose you.”
He didn’t seem stunned at her decision.
The food arrived and they spent a few moments tasting, approving. Salt and peppering. “All right,” he said. “I have ten brothers and sisters. And no, we’re not Catholic. I think, if my parents have a religion, it’s leave the world better than you found it.” He said the words with affection but she sensed a little irritation as well. She recalled that in her clinic he’d referred to them as hippy dippy. Interesting.
“I guess that’s a little like do unto others as you would have them do unto you. Though I’m not sure helping overpopulate the planet is in everyone’s best interest.”
“Well, we aren’t all natural born children. Some of us are strays they picked up along the way. My mother was pregnant when she and my Dad met and she refused to even consider giving up the baby for adoption. My dad, who grew up in a series of foster homes, most of them bad ones, always says he fell in love with her right then. They got married a few months before my oldest brother was born.
My great grandmother was an awesome old gal and she gave them the land. It had a cottage on it. My dad said it was a lucky chance that they met and they decided to change their names to Chance since he didn’t have a family and hers had disowned her.”
“They disowned her for getting pregnant?”
“Mostly, I think, for having an affair with a married man. He was a prof at her university.”
“An older, respected figure takes advantage of her, and that’s her fault?”
He chuckled. “Oh, I think my folks would like you.”
“I think I’d like them, too.”
“There was one other thing. The prof was black.”
Chapter Seven


“So, your brother…?”
“He looks a lot like his father.” He grinned. “The big joke in our family is that he’s the one everybody figures is adopted and he wasn’t. I think my folks always figured another black kid would come along who needed them, but strangely we’ve all been white.”
“Was it hard for him?”
“Being the only black kid in an all white family? There were a couple of bloody noses at school but I’m not even sure they were race-related. He’s a talented athlete and everybody likes Ben. He might have a different perspective, but he always seems to me like he can see things more clearly than other people.”
“You respect him.”
“Yeah.”
“Your parents must be wonderful people.”
“They are. It’s easy to talk about doing good, but they took in kids and somehow made it all work.”
“I have to ask. Are you one of those strays?”
“I honestly don’t know. My birth certificate says Chance, but then all our birth certificates say Chance because they do when you’re adopted. My parents are Daphne and Jack and that’s all I need to know.”
Of course, he was talking to a doctor. “What about any diseases in your birth family? Don’t you want to know?”
“No. You know as well as anyone that diet and exercise and healthy living play as big a part in disease as genetics. So, no.”
She might have argued but he gave her that under the lashes look again. “Your turn.”
“I am from a very WASP family. Two parents. Still married. Two kids. A boy and a girl. I was the youngest.” Evan had excellent table manners, she noted. And he listened intently, as though he cared deeply about what she was saying. She’d been out with enough men who droned on endlessly about themselves to know how rare this was. Even though she wasn’t sure how much she wanted to share, it was still nice to be listened to.
She paused and he seemed to expect more from her first round. She said, “The medical practice was my grandfather’s.”
“Interesting pause,” he said. “And sudden change of subject between talking about your perfect wasp family and then segueing into your grandfather and his practice.”
Irritation sluiced through her. This guy saw way too much. She leaned forward. “Do you, like, have a job? Or are you a wandering clairvoyant?”
“There’s nothing clairvoyant about listening to people. Noticing pauses and sudden changes in subject.”
She raised her brows and opened her eyes wide. “Interesting use of deflection to avoid answering a straight question.” Hah, she thought, when his smartass grin was wiped off his face. “I’m smart and observant too. But you already know that. And what I do for a living.”
He put up his hands as though defending himself in one of those TV fights that always caused her to flip the channel. “Okay. I am currently unemployed. Seeing this great land from a motorcycle and unsure of where I’ll go next.”
“Unemployed from what?”
He leaned back, put up his hands in a gesture of peace. “I knew we’d get here, I didn’t know it would be so fast. I was a corporate lawyer back in Seattle.”
“So what’s the mystery? Did you kill somebody? Get disbarred?”
Big, fancy, corporate lawyer. That made everything fall into place. The expensive casual clothes, the watch, his talent for observation.
“Nope. The opposite, I think. My job was killing me. No. That’s not true. It was killing a version of myself.” He let out a breath. “I guess I’m going to tell you my whole story, now, aren’t I?”
“Seems like maybe it would be good to tell it.” And once he got rolling he really unburdened himself. He told her about his boss who’d been like a second father, then about a colleague he’d nearly married who sounded to Caitlyn like a cold, ruthless cow, the kind who give lawyers a bad name. When his mentor died and his girlfriend wanted him to join her in a palace coup, he said, “I had an epiphany. Well, Tessa called it a breakdown. I’m still not sure which it was. All I knew was that I was thirty-five years old and at a crossroads. I was either going to continue down a road I was starting to hate, or I was going to pull away and rethink everything.
“This all happened right around my birthday and my mom had found an old list I made. One of those lists kids make of all the things they plan to do in life. For some reason, I couldn’t stop thinking about the list and how I hadn’t done most of the things on it that had once been so important. I – God, this sounds so stupid I can’t believe I’m telling you. But I carry the list with me. I’m on a kind of quest, I suppose, to check off as many items as I can while I figure out what I’m going to do with the rest of my life. Can you understand that?”
Could she? She doubted anyone could understand better.
Instead of telling him how very much she could relate, she said, “Can I see your list?”
He hesitated a moment. “Okay, but you have to remember the boy who wrote this was only twelve years old.”
“If the boy was you I’m guessing he was precocious.”
“Yes.”
He reached for his wallet and removed a carefully folded piece of white paper lined with blue, the kind a school kid would scribble on. She unfolded it with care, understanding that this meant a great deal to him and he probably hadn’t shown the list to a lot of people. She hoped not anyway.
She read aloud but softly enough that their neighboring nosy diners couldn’t hear. “Ride a motorcycle across the country.” She glanced up. “Aha. So you’re not really a rootless drifter.”
She got to number six and a shiver went over her skin. She glanced up to find him staring at her mouth. “Have sex with a woman,” she said. “I notice there’s a exclamation mark behind that particular entry.”
“I was twelve. Seemed like a big deal.”
“And now that you’re thirty-five?”
His gaze was so intense she felt as though he could see right through her.
“It’s a big deal. With the right woman.”
“Interesting that sex with a woman came after swimming with dolphins on your list.”
“As I believe I’ve mentioned, I was twelve. Years have changed my perspective.”
“I’m guessing you’ve accomplished that particular item on your bucket list.” Why didn’t she move on? Why hover over those words, Have sex with a woman?
He shook his head slowly, holding her gaze. Her heart was beating faster. “When I headed out on this trip, I decided I wanted to do everything on that list even if I’d done it before.”
She licked her lower lip, a nervous habit she’d mostly learned to control. He watched the gesture the way a starving man might watch food being prepared. “And, since you’ve been on the road…have you?”
Slowly he shook his head.
Not that this was any of her business, but to her it was important.
“Not since the lawyer you were—”
“Not since her.”
She couldn’t believe she was seriously considering being number six on his list. This non-date had turned into a seduction so smooth she hadn’t seen it coming. Except that she’d done some of the seducing herself, she realized. She was honest enough to accept that she wanted this man in the most elemental way.
“Could I interest you folks in some dessert?”
“No.” They said in unison.
“Coffee?”
“Just the bill.” He belatedly remembered to say “Thank you.”
The police chief walked up to their table. She’d been prepared for the possibility, from the expression on Evan’s face so had he. She guessed, from the sudden stilling of every conversation in the restaurant that this little scene was better entertainment to the population of Miller’s Pond than a reality show on TV.
“Evening.”
“Chief Barker,” she said. Her dinner companion merely nodded.
“Thought you were headed out of town,” he said to Evan.
“I was. Had a little bike trouble. Merv is getting a replacement part but it will take a few days.”
Barker did not look thrilled at this news. He glanced between them but he must know he was only going to make a fool of himself if he said much more. He’d played one of his infantile practical jokes on both her and a stranger in his town and the joke had backfired on him. He shifted his weight to the other foot. Said, “I’ll talk to Merv in the morning. See if I can expedite things for you.”
“Appreciate it.”
“Where are you staying in town?”
“The Mill Pond Motel.”
He nodded. Had to be satisfied.
He seemed like he was leaving, then turned back. To Caitlyn he said, “We missed you at the neighborhood watch meeting last week.”
He was a good looking man, she thought. Even features, strong jaw. The build of a former athlete, though he was thickening a little in the middle. Even though he wasn’t in uniform on a Saturday night he might as well have been. His shirt was crisply ironed and neatly tucked into his jeans.
“I had to deliver a baby Wednesday night.” Which he already knew.
He nodded. “Hope you can make the next meeting. It’s a good program. The safest communities are those that stop crime before it begins.”
The chief nodded to both of them. “You have a good evening,” and he was gone.
She could feel the eyes of pretty much everyone in the place on the little drama. She was irritated. With Barker, with small-minded people who didn’t have enough to do. With herself for caring.
“Did he recite that line from a brochure?”
“Probably.”
“Not exactly subtle, is he? Reminding you of your local protection brigade, emphasizing that I’m an outsider.”
Even though she was deeply irritated with Barker she felt strangely loyal. “He really is a good man. He’s not at his best around you.”
“Which makes me a happy man.”
The bill came up and he pushed a gold credit card into the folder without bothering to look at the itemized bill. “I don’t want the night to end,” he said. So simple, so honest. So exactly how she felt.
When their gazes connected she felt her pulse speed up. Yet she was keenly aware that she might as well be in a stage play.
She kept her gaze steady on his. “Discretion is important to me. This is a small town and an old-fashioned one. A few people had real trouble accepting a female doctor. I have no interest in having my private life judged by my neighbors.”
He nodded as though he’d already been thinking along those lines. “I have a loaner car from Merv’s. Here’s what I propose. I have to walk the dog.” His eyes lit with sudden humor and she imagined he didn’t normally have to consider the needs of an animal when he was making plans with a woman. “I’ll do that, return to my hotel room and then…” All the possibilities of ‘and then’ shimmered in the air between them. She felt her mouth go dry as though all the moisture in her system had but one intent. To pool in her core. She’d never felt so wet and ready for a man.
A strangled cry of pain broke through her haze of lust. Even as her entire being shouted NO silently, she reacted immediately. She was on her feet in an instant, heading for the source of that pain.
“Doc,” someone yelled. “Where’s the Doc?”
“I’m here.”
People were standing, wanting to help, so she had to force her way past to where an older man slumped in his seat, his color ghastly, sweat pouring down his face.
Albert Newson was one of the most reluctant of her patients. Her grandfather had taken him aside and pretty much told him that with his heart condition he couldn’t afford to fool around, driving miles to see a male doctor. So, they’d reached a compromise. Mr. Newson allowed Caitlyn to monitor his heart condition, but he was very clear that all his routine health care would be handled by a man.
“Where’s his nitro?” she snapped, feeling for his pulse.
“Here. I’ve got it here.” His wife fumbled with her handbag, her hands shaking so badly she couldn’t open the clasp. A male hand reached out. “Let me.”
Evan was right there. He dumped the contents of the handbag on the table without asking permission. She located the Nitro among a tumble of lipsticks and cough sweets. Sprayed the drug under Mr. Newson’s nose. He coughed and gasped.
“That’s right, Mr. Newsom,” she said slowly and calmly as his gaze focused on her slowly. “We’re in the restaurant. I’m going to get you to the hospital. Your heart’s acting up again.”
He nodded, “Jaw hurts.”
“I know.”
His eyes drifted shut. “I’m so tired.”
She turned around to face the crush of worried neighbors and friends. “Let’s back up now and give him some air.”
His wife sobbed across the table. “It’s our wedding anniversary,” she cried. “Fifty-seven years.”
Caitlyn didn’t have time to comfort the wife; she was too busy speed dialing the on-call ambulance that would take her patient to the nearest hospital, thirty miles away. But Evan replaced the contents of Mrs. Newson’s bag, leaving the nitro on the table, and restored it to her. “He’s in good hands with Doc Sorenson,” he said. “Is there somebody I can call? Someone who can drive you home?”
“Oh, yes. My daughter. I should call my daughter.”
“It’s okay,” another voice chimed in. “I’ll drive you to your daughter’s place. You can use my phone.” As the woman edged past him, Evan turned to Caitlin. “What can I do?”
She gazed at him with regret. “Nothing, I’m afraid. The ambulance will be here any second. I’ll follow him to the hospital. Get him stabilized.” She smiled. With an audience, there wasn’t anything she could say but, “Thank you for dinner.”
He nodded, a rueful answering smile lighting his face. Loud enough for anyone in the vicinity to hear, he said, “Thanks again for your help, Doctor Sorenson. I’ll see you around.”
She forced herself not to watch as he turned and headed for the door.
Sometimes being a country doctor sucked. Big time.
Chapter Eight


When Evan returned to his motel room, with the biggest case of frustrated horny he’d endured since eleventh grade, he found a sad dog staring at him with reproachful eyes. “How could you leave me?” was written large. However, as soon as he pulled the leash off the hook where he’d hung it, all was forgiven and his unwanted roomie jumped all over him.
“Okay, okay. Come on. Believe me, my evening didn’t go the way I wanted it to, either.”
Out they went into the cooling night. Not that it was very cool in September. Hastily, he returned to grab the plastic bag from the pet store that the dog stuff had come in. If Chief Barker caught him not scooping up his dog’s excrement no doubt they’d both spend the night in lockup.
After his little buddy had done his business and Evan found a handy trash can, he was free to wander, pausing once in a while when a particularly juicy scent caused the dog to stop and ignore any tugs on the leash until he was good and ready. Evan didn’t mind. It wasn’t like he had to be anywhere tonight. Which only reminded him of where he’d so hoped to end up, and where he was pretty sure the night had been headed before the old dude’s ticker acted up.
You couldn’t help but like and admire a woman who could save a guy’s life like that. Calm, capable, she’d taken control of the situation and he’d been able to see what she probably couldn’t. Everyone in town had relaxed the second she reached the sick man. Because they trusted her.
It was only nine o’clock and lights were on in a lot of homes. People sat on porches and watched the kids who were still out playing in the last of the light, or talked, or read.
He was heading past one such house, a genteel old Victorian with a lone gent on the porch, a man well into his sixties, Evan guessed. He was smoking a pipe, wearing a cardigan and pressed trousers with bedroom slippers. “Evening,” he said as Evan came abreast of his porch.
“Evening.”
There was a brass plaque on the wooden column that led to the heavy front door. He assumed it was a historical marker of some sort, so he stepped closer to read the words.
The sign said, Horace Freemason, Attorney at Law.
“You’re a lawyer?” Evan asked, stupid question.
“I am. Horace Freemason.” In case Evan was exactly as stupid as his last question had made him sound.
Because he didn’t know what else to say, he said, “So am I.”
“Really? Where do you practice?”
“I was in Seattle. With Willoughby, Tyson and Grundemeyer, but I’m on a kind of sabbatical right now.”
“That’s a top tier firm. You in some kind of trouble?” the older man asked.
“No. Nothing like that.” Funny how nobody could imagine him giving up the job willingly. “I needed a break.”
The older man nodded. “Big law can wear you down and spit you out. Keeping your soul as collateral.”
He grinned. “Yes, it can.”
“I was about to have a brandy. Care to join me?”
How many times had Clayton Willoughby said those very words? He felt a shiver of grief roll over him. Shrugged it off. “Thanks. I’d like that. Okay if the dog comes up there with us?”
“Sure.” When Evan and the dog climbed the three broad stairs, Horace indicated an Adirondack next to his. “Have a seat. I’ll be right back.”
He got out of his chair and disappeared into the house returning with a bottle and two heavy crystal tumblers.
He poured a healthy dose into each glass. Then held out his hand. “Pleased to meet you.”
“Evan Chance. Likewise.” The man’s handshake was firm and hearty.
They both took a moment to sip their drinks and enjoy. Then his new friend said, “So, what brings you to these parts?”
“I took the road less traveled.”
“Metaphorically?”
“Yes. But also literally. I’m driving across the country on a motorcycle.”
“That’s what you’re doing with your sabbatical?” He didn’t sound judgmental, but Evan had a momentary pang anyway. Most people who had the drive, smarts and determination to make it in a firm like his were the kind of people who, if they took time out of their career, tended to be appointed to committees doing important work. Or at least to volunteer for lawyers without borders. He was Kerouac with a law degree and no writing talent.
“That and a few other things. I made a deal with myself, if I was at a cross roads, I’d take the road that seemed more interesting.” He frowned over his drink. “When did this country become so obsessed with freeways?”
“And big box stores,” his new friend said as though he’d read his mind.
“Exactly. I decided to take the slower, scenic route.”
“How’s that working out for you?”
He shot his host a half-humorous glance. “Sounds great when you’re dreaming of finding small, quaint towns on winding country roads. Sucks to hell and back when your bike needs a part and Merv’s Gas and Automotive is your only hope.”
“Makes you wish for a big box store, huh? And a freeway to ride out on.”
Chapter Nine


Caitlyn checked her messages when she left the hospital. Mr. Newson was resting comfortably in the acute care bed. They’d see how he was in the morning when hopefully his cardiologist would get in to see him. The Newsons’ oldest daughter had driven her mother to the hospital and the two had stayed until the old man was sleeping, the machines monitoring his now stable vitals.
“Try not to worry,” she said to the older woman. “We’ll know more when he’s seen Dr. Hooper.”
“Thank you, dear,” she said, clasping Caitlyn’s hand. “I thank God you were in that restaurant.”
“You’d have been fine without me. Keep his nitro handy at all times and call 9-1-1 if he has an attack. It’s all we can do.”
She left them and settled into her car for the drive back home. There was a message from Charlotte. “Major hottie. I definitely approve. So does the rest of the book club. Details tomorrow?”
She smiled at the text. Of course, Charlotte and her husband had left before the commotion, giving her a subtle thumbs-up that she hoped Evan hadn’t noticed.
She headed home. And as she drove she realized she wasn’t tired. Hell, she felt energized. She’d saved a life tonight and her body wanted to celebrate that miracle in a very physical way.
With the man who’d seduced her and then hadn’t been able to bed her thanks to a cardiac arrest. Her body wanted to pick up right where they had left things at the restaurant.
But she had a problem.
Everything had happened so fast at the end of their dinner non-date that there’d been no chance to exchange phone numbers or work out when they were going to see each other again. She thought that both of them had pretty much accepted that all their teasing glances and shared stories were leading to physical intimacy, but they hadn’t managed to get there.
Now what?
It wasn’t even very late. She checked the clock on her dash. Barely 11 p.m.
She got back to town, hoping rather than expecting that Evan would somehow intuit that she was no longer needed at the hospital, and how badly she wanted to find him waiting for her.
As if! She considered cruising by the Mill Pond Motel and trying to find his room, but if she did that she might as well take out a full page ad in the local paper.
It looked like she’d be spending yet another Saturday night watching Saturday Night Live and wishing things were different.
As she hit the outskirts of Miller’s Pond she noticed a new poster plastered on the telephone pole heading into town.
As her headlights hit the paper full on she pressed the brakes and slowed. Wait a minute, she recognized that dog.
She braked to a stop. Backed up and sure enough, the butt ugly dog she’d treated – was it only yesterday? Was featured in a home-made poster that said, “Is this your dog?”
No, she said to herself. That’s not my dog, but I think the guy at the end of that telephone number is my guy.
At least in the short term.
But it was 11:15. Good people didn’t make phone calls at this time of night.
She bit her bottom lip, then thought, the hell with it. If he didn’t appreciate the call, he could go back to sleep.
She pulled out her cell and dialed the number on the poster.


Evan could not believe he was sitting in a no-account motel watching a re-run of a movie he hadn’t enjoyed very much when he saw it in the theater as a new release.
But his options were limited.
The dog lay on the floor by the door, its eyes glued to him. It was a little unnerving. “Hey, I’m going to leave you sometimes. I have a life. Get over it.”
The stick of tail thumped, but the staring continued.
When his cell phone rang, the first thing he did was check call display. So few people had this number that he had a moment’s dread that something might be wrong at home. He didn’t recognize the number, but then he remembered he’d plastered his phone number all over town in an attempt to find the lost dog’s owner. “Could be your mom and pops,” he said to the dog.
When he answered, a breathy female voice said, “Evan?”
He sat back against the pillows and felt his evening get back on track. He recognized that voice. “This is he.”
“This is Caitlyn. I hope I’m not calling too late?”
“No I was watching TV wishing I was doing a whole lot of other things, with you.”
He heard her quick intake of breath. Felt his body stir.
“Oh, I am so glad.”
That made him laugh, and she said, “I felt terrible running out on you like that.”
“Yeah. You should have let that old man croak right there in the restaurant instead of saving his life.”
She giggled. “Well, It did derail our … evening.”
“Are you calling to get the evening back on its rails?”
He felt the tiny pause as she had to decide whether she was going to commit herself or simply say good night. He felt as though his heart stopped beating while he waited. He really wanted to see her again, like in the next thirty minutes.
“Yes,” she whispered and he’d have bet fifty bucks that she was blushing a little right now.
“Where are you?”
“Ten minutes from my place.”
“What a coincidence. I’m ten minutes from your place also. I could meet you there. Unless you’d like to experience the excellent hospitality of the Mill Pond Motel.”
“I think it would definitely be better if you came here. Um, if I left the garage door open, could you drive in?”
“Absolutely.” He liked that she was thinking of preserving her privacy. And her reputation from small-town gossip. “Ah, there’s just one thing.”
“What is it?’
“Would it be okay if I brought the dog?” He could not believe he was asking. But he had a feeling if he tried to leave this room without taking that mutt with him, the dog would howl the walls down.
“Of course.” He heard the smile in her voice. Phew. “I have a cat. We’ll see how they get along.”
“I can’t wait to see you.” And he was surprised how true those words were.
He stopped only to shave, brush his teeth and stuff a handful of condoms in his pocket, then he put the dog into the loaner car and headed for heaven. The dog sat up beside him, nose pressed to the window where Evan had opened it an inch. “There’s a cat, pal. I am really counting on you to act cool. We’re guests. Can you do that?” The tail thumped, but he wasn’t entirely sure his words had got through.
When he drew near Caitlyn’s house he saw that a couple of inside lights glowed behind closed blinds. Another light gleamed above the garage, which, as she’d promised, was wide open. Her car was already parked but there was plenty of room for a second vehicle. He pulled in, got out, the dog jumping out behind him. He found the switch that would close the garage door and hit it, sending the metal door cranking down.
Caitlyn must have heard the noise, for as he headed for the door into her house it opened. And she stood there. She was wearing the same clothes she’d worn to dinner. The sexy blue top that made her eyes even bluer, the skirt that hugged her hips and those shoes that had strutted right out of a fantasy.
All the heat they’d built between them over dinner came roaring back. She was looking at him with her big, beautiful blue eyes and an expression that was slightly nervous but mostly excited.
He walked up, didn’t say a word, merely pulled her into his arms and put his mouth on hers. He had no more subtle moves left. His need was too great. If he didn’t taste her right now, feel her body move against him, he would die.
Some of his desperation must have communicated to her. She made a tiny sound as she tumbled against him and then wrapped her arms around his back and let him take what he’d been dreaming of since she’d treated him in this very house.
She tasted sweet, hot. At some point she’d had coffee and he tasted a hint of that. Then he couldn’t think of anything but her body moving against him as they kissed. He heard the dog whine behind him and realized he was blocking the door. He moved, still kissing her, pushing them both into the kitchen of her house, felt the dog brush past his legs. He kicked the door shut behind them and, still kissing her, moved them into the kitchen and up against a wall. He lifted his head long enough to look into her eyes, already cloudy with arousal. Her lips were wet from his mouth, plump and glossy.
“I want you with every fiber of my being,” he said.
She nudged his erection with her hips. “I kind of got that.”
He grinned and took her mouth again. She kissed like an angel, he thought. She was open, receptive, a little teasing with her tongue. Their mouths were so completely in synch in their back and forth dance that he knew the sex would be amazing.
He was determined it would be, whatever he had to do.
“Would you like to go up to my bedroom?” she whispered.
“Does Santa Claus wear red?”
She smiled against his mouth and when they were able to break away, she took his hand and led him through the darkened house up a wide set of stairs. A cat made a brrp noise from the shadowy shape of a couch, but the dog ignored it and stayed with them.
“If you’ve got a threesome in mind, Homely, you’re going to be disappointed,” he said as they climbed. “I don’t share.”
“You sound like a caveman,” Caitlyn said, her hand tight in his.
“About some things, a man should be.”
She turned and shook her head at him. “It’s a good thing I have other things on my mind right now or I’d give you an argument.”
“Don’t make me get my caveman club.”
“Don’t make me get my mace.”
Then they were kissing again. When they reached the top of the stairs, she turned them right. Before he walked into her bedroom, he bent down to the dog and said, “You stay here.”
Then he shut the door, leaving the unhappy looking mutt on the other side of it.
Her room was as elegant and feminine as Caitlyn herself. It was dominated by a huge antique sleigh bed, with a blue and white sprigged duvet and about half a dozen soft-looking pillows. She’d made her bedroom a kind of sanctuary, and he imagined a woman who got called out at all hours to birth babies and cope with disease, accident and whatever else the good people of Miller’s Pond could do to hurt or maim themselves, probably really liked her bed.
The furniture was a collection of white pieces mixed with good antiques.
The wide plank floor was covered with a rug but really, right now, he only cared about the bed and getting her in it. And soon.
She bent to flip back the duvet and simply watching the gesture, the elegant line of her hip, the way the fabric of her skirt tightened around her excellent ass, had him moving forward. He wrapped his arms around her from behind, running his hands up her front until he could cup her breasts. She made a low, purring sound in her throat, which he took to mean she was happy. He lifted the heavy silk mass of her hair and put his lips to the sensitive spot at the nape of her neck. She shivered against his touch.
He undressed her slowly, unwrapping her like the best gift he’d ever received.
Evan had never been a rip the wrap off kind of guy; he liked to savor the anticipation of a gift. He felt the same way about a woman. He liked to undress her slowly, build up the desire in both of them until they were burning for each other.
Though in this case he was already close to spontaneous combustion. Had he ever wanted a woman more?
Had he?
“I can’t remember a time when I’ve wanted a man more,” she said, echoing his own thoughts so perfectly that he was stunned.


She reached for him, pulling his T-shirt over his head. Leaning forward she placed open-mouthed kisses on his chest. She nipped him and then soothed the spot with her tongue. He was losing focus. He wanted the foreplay to be all about her, but she wasn’t playing by his rules. She seemed to have an agenda all her own.
He stripped off her blue top and found a lacy piece of foolishness beneath that was like no bra he’d ever seen before – and he prided himself that he’d seen quite a few. This was like a lacy cobweb that showcased her breasts. They were small and round with the pinkest nipples he’d ever seen.
Her belly was subtly rounded and her hips flared. He stroked his hand over her breasts and felt her shiver. He wanted to ease her into this but she was already tugging her own skirt off, so it dropped to the floor like a dark shadow at her feet. Beneath the skirt she wore no hose of any kind he was happy to note. Just bare legs that stretched from the sexiest heels in Miller’s Pond to the whisper of silk that barely covered her secrets. While she attacked his belt, he touched her there, between her legs and felt how wet she already was.
How hot.
He couldn’t stop the groan that came from his throat. As she pulled his jeans down she cupped him and as she squeezed lightly he thought – slow wasn't going to cut it. Not tonight.


Caitlyn felt as though she had a fever. Her skin burned and all her senses felt woozy.
Every part of him that she looked at, that she touched, was gorgeous. She had no idea when this desk jockey had found time to work out but clearly he had. His chest and abs were strong and muscled, he was broad of shoulder and lean of hip. And when she slipped her hand into his briefs and circled his cock with her fingers she felt him pulse with life. Felt an answering pulse deep inside her own body.
He didn’t wait for her to finish undressing him, he stepped away and dragged and pulled the rest of his clothes off. Since she was down to bra, panties and shoes, she sat back and watched him. She liked his haste, since it confirmed that he wanted her as desperately as she wanted him. She liked the muscular thighs, the hairiness where hairiness should be. She was not a woman who approved of manscaping. It seemed that Evan agreed with her.
When he finished dragging off his jeans and was completely naked but for his gold watch, she thought he was as beautiful a man as she’d ever seen.
He stepped toward her and put his mouth on hers, kissing her deeper than before. His beautiful cock nudged between her thighs and she pushed her hips forward, rubbing herself against him.
He must have felt the intolerable barrier of her wispy panties as much as she did for he suddenly reached down and ripped them off her. She was so shocked by the move that she fell back. He came with her, pushing her all the way back onto the bed.
“I wanted to go slowly for you,” he muttered, “But I can’t.”
“I know. Me neither.”
Then his hot mouth was on her breasts, kissing her through her lacy bra. His hand slid between her thighs and he played with her there, stroking her own wetness over her hot button until she was close to climax.
“Want you,” she muttered. “Want you inside me.” God, she could barely form words.
She handed him one of the condoms she’d placed on the bedside table and he sheathed himself with hands that she noted weren’t quite steady. She loved that she had that effect on him.
Before he entered her, though, he took the time to slip off her bra. She had the strangest feeling that he wanted her completely naked for him.
And she was.
Except for her shoes.
When he entered her, he did so slowly, letting her get used to his size as she pulled him into her body. He filled her completely and when he was all the way in, he rested there for a second, his hips pushed against hers. Then he looked at her, right into her, hazel eyes telling her all sorts of sexy secrets.
And then he began to move.
She wanted him to move slowly, so she could enjoy every exquisite sensation. Except she couldn’t stand to wait that long.
She wanted him to thrust into her, hard and fast, except then it would be over too soon.
She wanted him to gaze into her eyes so she could watch him when he came, except that she wanted to kiss him and taste him and feel his lips tremble against hers.
She wanted to stay in this position forever. She wanted to move all over the bed, getting the entire Kama Sutra down and making up a few new poses to stretch the session out.
She wanted to wait.
She wanted to come.
In the end, she had no choice. He started out slow, dragging each stroke out so she felt the exquisite tingle all through her body. Then, as though he were as greedy as she, wanting everything at once, he began to move faster. She wrapped her legs around him, her high heels hard against his butt as she pushed her hips up to meet him thrust for thrust. Maybe she could have kept it up for a while but he put a hand down between their bodies and touched her right, oh, it feels so good, there.
She was lost. She felt the orgasm surge up from deep within her, taking her, tossing her, swamping her. She’d never been a screamer, but she kind of thought if she hadn’t grabbed his head and kissed him deeply the noise that came out of her throat might have been a scream.
As it was, he licked into her mouth, sucking her sounds of passion into him. And she returned the favor when he went rigid and made a sound that was close to a roar. She licked it into herself, wrapping herself around him until the spasms passed.
He slumped but didn’t roll off her, so she felt herself clutching him through the aftershocks, felt him still moving, still hard, until, to her great shock and surprise, a second climax took her so sweetly she caught her breath.
Finally, they lay spent, her head on his shoulder where she could hear his heart still hammering, slowly returning to normal. She traced his ab muscles with a lazy finger, enjoying the rise and fall of his torso as he dragged in breath.
Neither of them said anything stupid and corny like ‘that was amazing.’ They didn’t have to. Amazing shimmered all around them.
He turned his head and as their gazes connected she saw amazement, a little humor, some smugness, and a whole lot of happy and relaxed. His hand came up and he smoothed her hair back off her face, than after a moment, leaned over and kissed her.
And that kiss said, “that was amazing,” louder than any words.
He went to the bathroom and dealt with the condom and she removed her CFM shoes since they had clearly done the job, and tidied the bed.
When he returned he slipped in beside her and the glint of gold around his wrist made her ask, “Why do you wear a watch that doesn’t keep time?”
He held it up and said, “This watch belonged to my mentor at work. Clayton Willoughby. I told you about him. He died a couple of months back. He was sixty-six years old and everything I thought I wanted to be. He ran one of the most prestigious law firms in the country. Had more money than he could ever spend. Respect.” He smiled ruefully. “A pretty hot and much younger wife.”
“Not his first, I’m guessing.”
“Number three.”
“Hmm.”
“He talked about retiring all the time. All the plans he had, the things he was going to do. I’m pretty sure both of his other marriages ended because he was always at work. The firm meant everything to him. He had no hobbies, no family. He liked to work hard, eat well and drink fine wines and brandy.”
“Let me guess, he never exercised.”
“No, ma’am.”
“And he died of coronary heart failure? Or a stroke?”
“The first one, Doc.”
“Well, if I had been his doc I’d have given him a good talking to about balance in life.”
“I doubt he would have listened.”
She stroked her finger along the edges of the watch feeling the hard metal, warm from his body, and the softer warmth of his skin. She thought even his wrist was sexy. “And why would a man with that much money wear a watch that doesn’t display the correct time? Aren’t lawyers all about billable hours?”
He nodded. “Calculated down to the minute.” He placed his hand over hers so the watch was beneath her palm. “I think the reason he wore this watch and never bothered to get it fixed so it worked properly is that he was successful enough that he didn’t ever need to know what time it was. He had assistants and executive secretaries and even his wife for that. In a strange way he thought time would somehow wait for him.”
“But it didn’t.”
“Nope.” There was real sadness in his tone.
“I’m sorry you lost him.”
“I can’t describe how it felt when I came back to my office after his wake. All the sharks were circling figuring out how to take advantage and where they’d fit in the new organization. We were supposed to be giving him a wake but in reality everybody was jockeying for position. If it had been another senior lawyer who croaked I’d probably have been exactly the same.”
He stopped and she leaned over and kissed his chest.
“Anyway, I got back to my office and the watch came by courier later that day with a note from Clay’s wife saying he’d left me this watch. I knew its history, because he was so proud of the fact that his father had bought it when he was born, but not presented it to him until he graduated. Leaving the watch to me was saying what both of us had known but never expressed. I was like a son to him.
“I think he wanted to let me know that he was hoping I’d take over from him one day. Step into his shoes. Be the guy who’s so freakin important he doesn’t even need to know what time it is.” She felt his chest rumble as a bitter laugh shook him. “Strange thing was it had the opposite effect. I thought, this watch is like a metaphor for a life that’s out of synch. I looked ahead and I didn’t like the road as far as I could see it.
“Marrying Tessa?” He shook his head. “We didn’t love each other. It was basically a business partnership. And believe me, she dumped my ass but good when I told her I was taking some time out to do a list of things I’d dreamed up when I was twelve.”
She smiled against his chest. “I’m glad she dumped your ass.”
He turned to look at her. “Me, too. All I know is I don’t want to end up at sixty-six with a cellar full of good wine and a third wife less than half my age and a guy at the office being the closest I’ve got to a son.”
“So you pulled out your bucket list from when you were twelve. And now you’re driving across the country on a motorcycle.”
“Don’t forget number six on the list,” he reminded her.
As if she ever could. “And having sex with a woman.”
He sighed. “I’m probably having a midlife crisis.”
“You’re only thirty-five.”
“As you noted earlier, I’m precocious.”
She reached up and kissed him. “You’ll figure it out.”
He kissed her back and they turned to each other. When they made love, she felt the gold watch brush against her skin and it reminded her that her time with this man was short. She’d better make the most of every second.
Chapter Ten


Dawn came way too early. The first streaks of it were brushing the sky when he shifted his body toward the edge of the bed, trying not to wake Caitlyn. She’d only been asleep a little while. They’d made love and talked and made love again until exhaustion caught up with her. When he shifted, she turned and reached for him, still half asleep. He gently loosened her grip, leaned over and kissed her softly. “I didn’t mean to stay the night,” he whispered, feeling guilty that some early bird was going to catch him sneaking home.
“You didn’t. Yet.” She kissed him. “Stay.”
“I can’t.”
But then she pressed her naked, warm body against him and he realized he had no other option. When they’d enjoyed each other once more, he finally hauled himself out of bed, dressed swiftly and crept to the door.
The dog was curled outside the bedroom door when Evan opened it and his joy was so intense, Evan chuckled. “Settle down. You knew where I was.”
Caitlyn followed him, tying the sash of a silk robe that made him think of nothing but easing her out of it. “I could make you breakfast,” she said on a yawn. “You can’t eat the breakfast they serve at the motel. I know for a fact she buys the cinnamon rolls at a discount store.”
“I’m good. I’ll walk Homely here and then grab something at the diner.”
“At least have some coffee.”
That almost stopped him. Coffee. Coffee. He turned, said, “He gets antsy in the morning. I don’t want him to have an accident.”
That wasn’t true, but he had this strange Mad Men era notion that he didn’t want to sully her reputation. Not something he usually thought about in the big, anonymous city where he’d lived for so long. He kissed her. “Go back to bed.” And, with a sleepy yawn, she did.
He managed to head out by seven in the morning on a Sunday. With luck, most people would still be asleep. He took an obscure route back to the motel anyway, hoping no one would connect his early morning drive with the sexy doctor.

It’s amazing how you can build a routine in only a couple of days, Evan mused, as he walked into the diner. He said “Hey,” to Lucille at the diner as he headed in with his paper for breakfast.
“How you doing today?” she asked as though he’d been coming in every day for years instead of twice. She grabbed him a menu and snagged the coffee pot on her way back to a booth.
She poured coffee and dropped a menu in front of him. This was his second breakfast here. Everyone told him it was the only place in town to get a decent breakfast so he went with it. However, if he was going to be eating here for the next few days he’d better cool it with the eggs and sausage.
When she came by for his order he said, “I’ll have oatmeal and the fresh fruit plate.” As he was closing the menu and pushing it over to her he had a vision of the dog waiting patiently outside for him. He strongly suspected the dog had also figured getting a morning sausage was now a routine. “Can I get a side of sausage with that, too?” She must be too used to the strange things people ate to so much as lift a brow. “Sure thing, hon.”
He was settling over his paper, barely noticing the hum of conversation and the rattle of china, when a deep, male voice said, “Good Morning.”
Evan glanced up to find Horace Freemason, the town’s only lawyer, greeting him. “Good morning sir.” Then, realizing the man was holding his own copy of the paper and didn’t seem to have a dining companion, he said, “Care to join me?”
“Don’t mind if I do.” He settled in, tipped cream into the coffee Lucille had just poured. “Thought I’d find you in here. I saw your dog outside.”
“It’s not my dog.” He sighed. “Doesn’t seem to be anybody else’s either. The only call I’ve had since I put up the poster is from a realtor who’d love to show me some properties if I’m thinking of relocating to this area.”
Okay, there was that one other time that he’d got a call thanks to the poster, but he wasn’t going to share that with Horace Freemason.
Just the thought of her voice on the phone had him reliving last night. This had been happening to him since the second he left her place. He’d walked past a store window selling home décor and a vision of her spread out beneath him on her big bed smacked him with lust. When he’d watched the dog sniff a big maple tree he’d pictured her up against that tree trunk, the way she’d kissed him up against the wall in her kitchen. It was crazy.
“I got an email from my daughter this morning. She’s going to try to get home for Christmas.”
“You have a daughter?”
“Sure do. She’s a lawyer like the old man. Works for the UN.”
His surprise must have shown in his face. For the older man smiled. “She’s found her passion. She loves what she does and she’s very good at it.”
“And you? Have you found your passion?”
Horace Freemason seemed to consider the question seriously. “I don’t know that you could say being a small town lawyer is exactly a passion. But the life suits me.”
“You don’t get bored?”
“Certainly not. There’s no specialization in my practice. Of course, it’s mostly real estate and wills and trusts.”
“What about disputes between neighbors?”
“I never touch them. I have a deal with another lawyer in a nearby town. I send my neighbors to him. He sends his neighbors to me. Lets us live in harmony in our own homes.”
“But that’s—”
“Look around you. These are my friends. I try to do a good job, charge fair prices, and live in harmony. It’s not exciting, perhaps, but I have the respect of the community, time to garden and read. Time to travel a few weeks every year with my wife. As lives go it’s not such a bad one.”
The old boy made his life sound so blessed Evan wondered if a sales pitch was coming next. Sure enough.
“The only problem I have is that I’m getting on. I’ll want to retire in a few years and there’s no one to take my place.”
“What about your daughter.”
“I always hoped when she went into law school that she’d take over the family business but, like I said, she’s found her passion.”
Evan spooned oatmeal into his mouth and pondered. Finally, he said, “How did you know this was what you wanted to do?”
Horace leaned back. “When you figure that out, son, you’ll be able keep that motorcycle of yours in the garage, bring it out on weekends. You’ll be able to put down roots.”
But not here, Evan thought. Mentally he went over the list he’d promised himself he’d accomplish. He’d gone a few hundred miles on his bike, barely half an inch on the atlas. He’d jumped ahead and managed to accomplish number six on his list, but he hadn’t swum with any dolphins, the Grand Canyon was many miles away. Any root putting down wouldn’t be happening anytime soon.
They whiled away the rest of breakfast talking about federal politics and finding they pretty much agreed on most things. “Well, I better be getting back,” Horace said. “My wife likes me to drive her to church.”
“Have a nice day.”
“You too. Come by any time for a visit.”
They shook hands. “Thanks.”
He finished reading the paper, scooped up the now cool side of sausage, walked out the door and fed it to the dog. “We really need to find your home,” he said as the dog wagged his tail and wolfed down the sausages simultaneously. As though on cue, his cell phone rang. He both hoped and dreaded that it would be Caitlyn. On the one hand, he missed her already and he’d only left her a couple of hours ago. On the other hand, he was leaving Wednesday or Thursday and the last thing he wanted was for either of them to take this fling seriously.
Still, if she was calling, it would be churlish of him to refuse whatever she might have in mind. His body tightened in anticipation, but when he checked the number it wasn’t one he’d seen before.
“Evan Chance,” he said.
“Hello Mr. Chance. This is Francine Goodbody. I’m in Caitlyn Sorenson’s book club and I saw you in the Country Grill last night.”
“Uh-huh? Are you by any chance missing a dog?”
“Oh, no, but that’s sort of why I’m calling. It’s real hard to live in a motel with a dog so I wanted to let you know that I run the High Hills apartments. We happen to have a very nice one bedroom apartment for rent and we are dog friendly.” She paused. “Also gay friendly, single parent friendly and of course, we welcome all races and creeds.” Then, as though feeling she’d gone too far, she added, “But we have a strict no-drugs policy.”
“That’s great Ms. Goodbody, but—”
“Francine, please. I feel like I know you since I’m in the same book club with Caitlyn.”
“Isn’t it a small world. But I won’t be staying in town more than a few days.”
“Well, if you change your mind…”
“I’ll keep you in mind.” And he hung up before she could talk any more.
Small towns, he decided, were definitely not for him.
And, with the rest of Sunday looming and no sign of activity at Merv’s Gas and Auto Repair, it looked like he was going to have to find something to do with himself.
He started walking back toward his motel with the shaggy embarrassment of a canine by his side.
Correction: he had to find something to do with himself and a dog.
Chapter Eleven


Caitlyn woke at last to an empty bed. Even though she’d known it would be empty, she still felt the loss of Evan’s warm body beside hers. Which was ludicrous. She went out of her way to avoid waking up with a man she didn’t know. And this one she’d practically begged to stay for breakfast when he was clearly on his way out the door. “I might as well have hidden his clothes so he couldn’t leave, clung to his ankles and begged him to stay,” she confessed when she called Charlotte who had already left two messages demanding a full report.
“Oh, my God. That good?” her friend asked, full of breathless excitement.
She snorted with laughter, images of heat and pleasure filling her mind. “Yeah. That good.”
“He looks the type, too. Sometimes you can tell by the way a man moves.” She dropped her voice, presumably so her husband wouldn’t hear her gushing about another man. “And there’s something about a guy on a motorcycle. I don’t know what it is, but it makes me weak kneed.”
“I don’t think I’d care if Evan rode a donkey. I’d still think he was sexy.”
“So? When are you seeing him again?”
A tiny frown pulled her brows together, but she kept her tone casual. “I don’t know. We didn't make plans.”
“Oh.”
“He’s only here until Wednesday or Thursday. It’s not like this is a real relationship.”
“Until Wednesday or Thursday it could be.”
She sipped her coffee. “I guess.”
Then Charlotte made a sound like she was blowing out a breath. “Look, I hate to bother you on your day off, but I think I have preeclampsia.”
She loved her friend Charlotte, she really did, but sometimes she wanted to smack her. Gently, of course, since she was in her third trimester.
“Your blood pressure was fine last time you were in. Why do you think you’ve got preeclampsia?”
“I have this pain in my upper stomach. And when I looked on the internet—“
“What have I told you about going online? No. No. No. You may read your emails. You may research recipes but you are not allowed to self-diagnose based on medical sites.”
She settled back, sipped more coffee and waited.
“But I didn't want to bother you so I took a quick peek at webMD. And it really seems as though--”
“Are your hands and feet swollen?”
“No.”
“Do you have any other symptoms? Apart from the pain in your upper stomach?”
“Well, it sort of hurts to breathe now you mention it. Like there’s a burning in my chest.”
When she recalled all the complicated ways she used to put broken people back together, she shook her head. “Charlotte, what did you do last night?”
“Last night?” There was a tiny pause as her friend obviously reviewed her actions of the previous evening. “I went to dinner at the Grill. Don’t you remember? I saw you there.”
“I do remember. And do you recall what you had to eat?”
“Oh, it was so good. I had the steak with all the trimmings and I couldn’t resist the apple pie for dessert. You know how good the pies are there, and they put on so much ice cream. But I am eating for two,” she ended somewhat defensively.
“And do you think eating all that rich food might have given you heartburn?” she suggested.
“Heartburn?” Charlotte sounded almost insulted that her dramatic condition might be nothing more than a case of gluttony.
She tried not to laugh. “Honey, preeclampsia affects around six to eight percent of pregnancies. Heartburn hits in close to one hundred percent. My advice to you is to rest today and eat light meals. If you still have the pain tomorrow, come and see me.”
“Okay. Thanks. Or else I’ll see you at book club on Thursday night.”
“I’ve got another call coming in. I’d better go.”
“I bet it’s him. Call me later with details.” And Charlotte was gone.
It was probably the hospital with a report on Mr. Newsom, she told herself as she clicked through to the other call.
“I miss you,” the low, sexy voice said.
Definitely not the hospital. “Hi,” she said. Even though he was only here for a few days she was still happy he’d called. Showed class, she thought. And maybe a little eagerness to see her again, which she shared.
“My sources tell me there’s a farmers’ market with a corn maze about fifty miles from here and I was wondering if you’d like to go with me.”
“You need better sources. There’s a farmer’s market right in town. And it’s on today.”
“If we go to the farmer’s market here, someone will offer to sell me a house, rent me an apartment, offer me a job or probably elect me mayor. And for sure somebody will sprain an ankle or drop a kid or something and you’ll be called into service.”
She couldn’t help but laugh. “It’s a small town.”
“That’s why my friend Google suggested a different small town, far, far away where I can kiss you on the street if I want to and not ruin your reputation and get thrown in jail by the town’s sexually frustrated chief of police who has a major crush on you, Doc Hot Stuff.”
“You did not seriously call me Doc Hot Stuff.”
“I certainly did not. Bad cell reception.”
How did he do this to her? Make her all warm and gooey and turned on simply by asking her to go to a farmer’s market of all things. But he did. So she said, “I would love to go with you.”
“Great. I will pick you up in an hour. Or should I meet you at a secret location?”
“Honestly. Come and pick me up like a normal person.”
“See you in an hour.”


When Evan arrived at Caitlyn’s door she opened it, looking ready to go, in a black T-shirt and jeans that fit where they should. He checked her shoes and they were sturdy walking shoes. Good. She said, “Do you mind coming in for a coffee or something? I need to talk to Mr. Newson’s cardiologist. He should call any minute.”
“Sure.” He stepped inside. Closed the door behind him, then pulled her to him and kissed her long and hard.
She pulled away looking slightly dazed and licked her lips.
“I’ve been wanting to kiss you since I left here.” He checked his watch. Glanced up. “Five hours ago.”
She looked fresh and sexy and the urge to drag her up to bed was so strong it startled him. Especially as the woman clearly had work on her mind.
“Do you mind making coffee while I check over Mr. Newson’s file?”
“No problem.”
She sat at her kitchen table with a laptop computer and a paper file folder in front of her. He turned to make coffee but all he saw in the kitchen was an expanse of granite countertop. There was not a single thing on it. Not an appliance, a decoration, a salt shaker, a knife block, and certainly not a crumb of leftover food. “Don't you ever cook?”
“I love to cook. Why?”
“This kitchen – it’s like a showroom.”
“I don’t like clutter.”
“I do not consider my coffee maker clutter, call me crazy.”
“It’s in the appliance garage. Lower left cupboard beside the stove.”
He opened the door and found the coffee maker. A gorgeous top-of-the-line European model. “Nice.”
He set it up on the counter and plugged it in.
“Coffee?”
“In the Sub-Zero. Left hand lower door, the first canister is beans, the second is pre-ground.”
He opened the door and found her freezer was organized with military precision. Actually, she made the military look like a bunch of slobs. Her containers all fit exactly, each was labeled and the pristine gleam inside the stainless doors was amazing. Did she use surgical gloves to remove food from her fridge?
He found the cutlery drawer without too much trouble. Once more, the absolute perfection of the drawer astonished him. Where were the rubber bands and old batteries and take out chopsticks and useless crap that always ended up in a cutlery drawer? Who had such perfectly stacked spoons and forks? He’d have guessed that this woman was seriously sexually repressed if he didn’t have vivid and recent experience of the opposite.
He dug out a scoop, made the coffee a little lighter than he’d have made it for himself because everyone complained his coffee was too strong.
Coffee mugs were in an upper cupboard. Gorgeous, sleek white mugs that looked like the latest in industrial design. Where were the tacky, clunky World’s #1 Doctor and Paris is for Lovers mugs?
“Finding everything you need?” she asked. She was skimming notes, swapping her attention from computer to file.
He said, “Where’s your garlic press?”
“Drawer closest to the fridge. Third compartment, upper quadrant.”
He opened the drawer closest to the fridge. Yep, there it was. Exactly where she’d said it would be. He imagined his own apartment kitchen in Seattle. He knew he had a garlic press – in fact, he thought he had two -- but he wasn’t precisely sure which drawer it was in, never mind which quadrant of which compartment.
“Melon baller,” he said. And he knew for damn sure he didn’t own one of those.
She didn’t miss a beat. “Same drawer as the garlic press. Second compartment, lower quadrant.”
Check.
“Soy sauce?”
“Pantry cupboard. Second shelf, in front of the sesame oil.” Then she suddenly glanced up. “What are you making?”
Behind him the coffee was beginning to gurgle and purr. The greatest aroma in the world was beginning to permeate the air. And the prettiest woman in the world was staring at him with big, slightly puzzled blue eyes. “I was checking the extent of your truly terrifying organizational skills.”
She opened her mouth as though she’d perhaps explain about her struggles with OCD or how she hired NASA scientists to organize her kitchen. But her phone rang and, with a quick smile and a shake of the head, she answered.
Inside the fridge, which he knew cost ten grand because he had the same one, he found full cream and three different kinds of milk. In the pantry were more kinds of sweeteners than you’d find at Starbucks. He bet there was an espresso machine in that appliance cupboard and that, in Caitlyn’s house, you could get coffee or tea any way you liked it. Interesting.
He poured himself a mug of the fresh coffee. Added coffee cream, because it was there, scooped in a spoon of organic cane sugar and sipped. The coffee was excellent.
He poured her a mug and then, figuring she’d put the milk she liked best in the easiest-to-reach spot, put the mug of coffee on the table in front of her and the jug of two percent and the organic cane sugar in easy reach. He made sure to get her out a fresh shiny stainless steel spoon from the cutlery drawer.
She nodded thanks but was too busy talking Medicalese to fix up her drink.
Not wanting to eavesdrop on a conversation he had zero interest in, Evan walked through the house he’d seen so little of last night. The living room was at the front of the house. He remembered a cat had been sleeping there last night but not a hint of life was there today. Not so much as a plant. It was a stunning room, he thought. Right out of a decorating magazine. And that’s kind of what it reminded him of. He’d looked at houses and apartments that were staged for sale and that’s how this room looked. Everything coordinated to designer perfection. The few decorative pieces were art rather than tchotchkes. The only personal item was a single silver-framed photograph on the fireplace mantel. He walked over to it.
Six people were pictured. He picked out a younger Caitlyn right away. He would guess she was about sixteen in the photo. As pretty as he’d have imagined she’d be, but her petals were still furled. She wore her hair back and her expression seemed serious. The guy beside her must be her brother. He was as angelically fair, but there the resemblance ended. His expression was sulky, his hair long and untidy and he favored the confuse-me-with-a-hobo look. He’d seriously dressed down in a hoody and low-riding grubby jeans. His pierced lip added a certain swagger to his scowl.
The parents stood behind the kids and nobody was touching. The father looked like a successful middle-aged guy, the kind he saw all the time in his law firm, either a partner or a client. The wife was an older version of Caitlyn in some ways. Same hair, same blue eyes, but she was thinner, brittle looking. He thought for a second that she reminded him of someone, and realized with a start that it was Tessa.
The other two were probably grand parents. The old guy had to be the original Doc Sorenson. He looked like a country doctor. He had a beard and glasses and a belly. His eyes, also blue, seemed like they might twinkle when he asked you how you were feeling. His wife was a comfortable looking woman. She looked like a grandma who baked cookies and knit. And he would have bet his net worth that when she’d lived here that kitchen had a coffee maker on the counter and bits of twine in the cutlery drawer. Probably there’d been pictures of the family all over the living room and cushions with needle-pointed sayings on them that she’d sewn herself.
He put the photograph back in place. Wandered over to a bookcase. There was a shelf of books but it was all hardcovers that screamed ‘women’s book club’. Caitlyn came in as he was checking out the shelves. “Where are the trashy novels? And your copy of Medicine for Dummies?”
“In my clinic. With the Scotch.”
She held her coffee but she didn’t move to sit down. Didn’t invite him to.
“How’s the cardiac patient?”
She shrugged. “He’ll live. For now. And, he’s got a great cardiologist on the case, which means I can go out for the afternoon.”
“Excellent.”
As one, they turned and went back into the kitchen. He drained his coffee mug, and she sipped a little more then put both mugs into the dishwasher and wiped down the counters. He did his bit, putting coffee grounds into the in sink disposal and washing up the pot before returning the appliance to its hideaway.
He checked the cat’s dishes to make sure there was plenty of food and water. The cat had one of those automatic feeder things he was happy to note. He topped up the water dish. When they left the kitchen, it was as pristine as when he’d entered the house.
“Where’s the dog?” she asked when they were inside his car and ready to roll.
“I got a dog sitter.”
“How did you find a dog sitter? You’ve only been here two days.”
“Oh, she found me. The people in your city take great delight in calling my number off the lost dog poster and trying to sell me services. At least this one, I could use.”
“Wow. Was the dog okay with it?”
In point of fact, the dog had enacted a scene so pathetic it reminded him of the little kid in Les Miz. That dog deserved an Oscar. But he didn’t tell her that. He said, “He’ll be walked, fed and played with. It’s part of the deal.”
“That’s good.”
“And, in case you’re interested, I don’t have to pick him up until tomorrow.”
“He’s having a sleepover?”
“He is.”
She slid him a sexy look that made him so weak at the knees he’d have fallen down if he wasn’t driving. “That’s convenient.”
Chapter Twelve


They meandered down the country roads and he thought how nice it was not to be in a hurry. Not to have an especially important destination. “So, have you ever been in a corn maze?”
“No. Have you?”
“Nope. Seemed like it was time.”
She turned to him looking half amused, half exasperated. “This isn’t one of those things on your bucket list is it?”
He grinned at her. “First, when I made that list, lo these many years ago, there was no such term as ‘bucket list’. The idea was more positive. It was about setting goals and achieving them, not cramming in a bunch of activities before you croak.”
“What would you call your list then?”
He thought about it. “A life achievement list.”
“Okay. So, is roaming around in a corn maze on your life achievement list?” She’d already seen his list so she had to know it wasn’t.
“No.” He contemplated the road ahead, the neat pastures and fencing. “But, if I’d thought of it, I’d probably have included it.”
“Well, I’m honored to be included in your amended life achievement list.”
“Thank you.”
When they arrived at the farm he discovered he wasn’t the only one thinking a sunny Sunday in late September would be a good day to wander around among stalks of corn. He also discovered that the place was packed with families. Kids ran everywhere, demanding that harried parents buy them caramel apples and fruit ciders and ice cream bars and all the various nonsense the smart farmers were peddling.
“Would you care for a caramel apple?” he asked his date.
“No thank you.”
“Perhaps a corn husk doll?”
“Maybe later.”
“All right then, straight to the maze.”
He paid the admission fee to a cheerful teenager in jeans and a T-shirt advertising the farm.
“Do you want a map?” she asked. “In case you get lost in there?”
“No,” he said.
“Yes,” Caitlyn said. And she took the printed map from the girl.
“The entire point of a maze is to get lost,” he said to her as they plunged into the green-walled corridors, the floor lined with bark mulch and what looked like old corn husks.
“I have to work tomorrow,” she reminded him.
Three stalks went by. “I think you have control issues.”
“Excuse me?”
“You heard me. I think you have controls issues.”
Her hair flicked his shoulder she turned her head so fast. “Because I don’t want to spend the rest of my natural life trying to get out of a corn maze?”
“And because your kitchen is so organized it’s scary.”
They walked on. She didn’t hit him or march back to the entrance so he continued. “And you don’t have any personal souvenirs around your house. The dumb little things you collect or that people give you. Souvenirs from places you wouldn’t be caught dead in.” He thought of some of the things in his apartment. “Gifts from loved ones that embarrass you but you display them anyway so they don’t get their feelings hurt when they come visit.”
They were walking faster. The corn was going by in a green blur. He could hear the stuff on the ground shushing and crunching under their feet. Finally, she snapped, “What kind of people have control issues?”
“I don't know.”
“Sure you do. Think about it. Why would an adult need order and control?”
He remembered something his father once said about foster kids. How they would protect and treasure their few possessions. “Because they never felt like they had any control when they were young?”
“Bingo.”
He reached out and took her hand, because he wanted to feel her skin against his. Because he’d heard a note of pain in her voice that reached right into him and squeezed. “It occurs to me that we messed up. Our dinner conversation was supposed to be a little about me, a little about you, a little about me again and it ended up being me boring you all night with my history.” He squeezed her hand. “We never got to you, did we?”
“No. We didn’t.”
“So, now you know all about me and I know nothing about you.” He grinned at her to take the sting out of his words. “And there are those control issues again.”
To his relief, she laughed. “I guess fair’s fair. Ask me anything.”
“Why did you feel like you didn’t have any control when you were a kid?”
She let out a sigh. “I was hoping you’d start with something easy and work up to that one.”
“No dice. Spill.”
“I felt like I didn’t have any control when I was a child because I could never be good enough. I could never be perfect.”
Her words were so sad he wanted to take her into his arms. But he didn’t. He waited and he listened.
A fork in the road came and she led them right. He doubted she even realized what she was doing. Certainly she wasn’t consulting the map. She was merely taking them deeper into the mess of paths. Ahead he heard kids laughing. An adult voice said, “No, I told you we should have turned left back there.”
“Honey, I’m sure it’s this way. See, if you took a picture of the maze from the air it would be a pirate ship. And I think we’re at the first sail.”
“We’re not at the first sail. We’re here, at the stern.”
Caitlyn said, “My parents aren’t bad people. Not really. But they truly thought the way to bring up exceptional children was to demand perfection.”
“What a shitty thing to do to a kid,” he exclaimed because he couldn’t stop himself.
She smiled at that. “Yeah. I think so too. If I got an A it should have been an A plus. If I ever had a date, the boy wasn’t good enough for our family. Athletics, music, you name it. Whatever we did, we had to excel.” She blew out a breath. They were walking so fast now that he was starting to pant. Soon they’d be jogging. She led the way, turning here and there, passing families and groups of teens and a couple of gossiping women who’d clearly ditched their loved ones for a good bitch session.
“I went the classic overachiever route. I studied harder than anyone else and my grades were excellent. I practiced piano until my fingers blistered. I was the first one in the pool for swim practice and the last one out. And always, always, always it wasn't enough. Someone was smarter or more musically gifted or athletic.” Her voice went soft. “So I tried harder.”
“That’s emotional abuse.” He felt the anger low in his gut. He’d like to have a few minutes with Caitlyn’s precious parents and tell them exactly what he thought of them.
“Yes. Yes it is. I know that now. At the time, I only knew that maybe if I tried harder, I’d finally get what I wanted. Praise. Approval.” She pressed her lips together. Then she said “My brother figured out it was a no win situation long before I did. He rebelled. When they couldn’t make him conform, they sent him to boarding school. He’d been the only one who was in hell with me, and he got out. After that it was even worse.”
“I can’t believe you stayed sane.”
“I had my grandparents. They were and are the most wonderful people I know. I came here every summer for a few weeks and it was like getting out of jail. I could be a kid. Or a teenager. I could be normal. They didn’t expect perfection. It always felt safe here. I helped my grandfather in his practice, filing and stuff, but I saw how – I don’t know, how respected he was I guess. It really stuck with me. He loved what he did and the people in Miller’s Pond loved him.”
“So you decided to be a country doctor?”
Her laugh was low and bitter. “Not a chance would that be allowed. I got a scholarship to a prestigious medical school. I was destined for great things. I ended up as a trauma surgeon. Oh, and I was good.” She blew out a breath. “You know what they say about hamsters and wheels?”
He nodded.
“I always figure at some point, if the wheel keeps going without the hamster pushing it that he’s just going to stop running and then he’d get tossed around. I think that’s what happened to me. I simply couldn’t be perfect. I was sick of losing people who did stupid things. I was sick of the smell of blood and death. And you have to realize that for a serious overachiever, losing a patient wasn’t only a tragedy. It was failure.”
“You can’t be serious.”
“Oh, I am. I’d blame myself. Even knowing how crazy it was, I’d think, if only I’d tried harder, maybe I could have saved them. My hands started to shake. Only a little at first, then it because noticeable. I thought maybe I had Parkinson’s or MS. I had all kinds of tests done. I took some time off. Came to Miller’s Pond. Talked with my grandfather. All those tests couldn’t figure out what was wrong with me.
“My granddad diagnosed me right away. He said, ‘Caitlyn, it’s stress. This isn’t what you want to do with your life.’ And of course he was right.”
“I’m guessing your parents were pissed.”
“They tried everything they could to get me back there. Trauma surgeon in New York is so much more acceptable than country GP. I was part of a team that was quoted in medical journals. I was making serious money. I dated the right men. It was hard for them to believe I wasn’t ever going back.”
“And your brother? What happened to him?”
“After getting kicked out of three boarding schools, he hit the road. We didn't hear from him for four years.”
“I’m sorry,” he said, knowing it would have been hard for her.
“Thanks. He’s doing okay, though. He’s a musician.” She grinned. “Those awful music lessons did some good at least. He’s married and has three kids. He never has much money but he’s happy.”
“And you? Are you happy?”
She turned to him and in the greenish light he wanted to kiss her. “I’m doing the best I can. But I’m getting there.”
They walked on a few steps and she looked around, only now realizing that they’d walked aimlessly into the center of the maze. “Are we lost?”
And then he couldn't stop himself. He pulled her into his arms and kissed her.
“Yep,” he said. “Totally lost.” He pushed her gently back down the blind alley they’d already explored.
“What are you doing?” she squealed.
“I’m feeling you up.”
“This is a family corn maze.”
He kissed her, enjoying the feel of her breasts in his hands. She might giggle and protest, but her nipples were hard against his palms and when he toyed with her, she pressed closer.
“If anyone comes, we can hear them from miles away.”
And so they played. He didn’t push it, knowing the only thing worse than being caught in flagrante delicto by a bunch of kids and their parents would be the discomfort of finding corn stalks where corn stalks had no business being. But he could feel a girl up in a corn maze. And, it turned out, she could do the same with him. Feeling him both up. And down.
She had him hard and groaning when he finally grabbed the foolish map out of her hands. “Come on,” he said. “We are getting out of here.”
“I thought you liked being lost?”
“Not when you've got your hands down my pants.”
Chapter Thirteen


Thanks to the map, they found their way out of the maze with only a couple of wrong turns. Then, of course there was no way to get back to the car without going through the gift shop and produce stands. The gift shop sold everything from home made jams and local honey and pottery to the junkiest crap. Felt mice in gingham dresses with wire-framed glasses, corn cob pipes, jars of popping corn. He insisted on buying her a corn husk doll. She looked as though she had no idea what to do with it, which was probably true. “Thank you, I think,” she said when he presented it to her.
“It was the corniest thing I could find,” he said with a grin.
She groaned at his terrible pun, but tucked the brown paper bag containing her doll carefully in her straw carry bag.
“You have to display it somewhere prominent so that when I come over, my feelings won’t get hurt.”
“Tell you what,” she said, “I’ll put it in my bedroom.”
“Perfect. Besides, you only have to have it out for a few days.”
The reminder that he’d be gone before the week was out sobered them both for a second.
They also bought apples and when she wasn’t looking, Evan bought a mass-produced coffee mug in red that said, Oregon is for Lovers. He figured she needed a few trashy souvenirs in her perfect cupboards.
“Well, that was surprisingly fun,” she said as he pulled out of the gravel lot and headed back to the main road.
“It was. Do you want to go for a drive?”
She glanced at her watch.
“Don’t do that.”
“Do what?”
“Look at your watch. It’s Sunday. Your day off. Who cares what time it is? We’ll go for a drive if you feel like it.”
“I—I like to know what time it is.”
“When do you next have to be somewhere?”
She pondered. “Tomorrow. I start clinic hours at ten. Technically, I’m free until then. Unless there’s an emergency.”
“For which you have a cell phone.”
“Maybe I don’t want to go for a drive with you.”
He slowed for a stop sign. Then, when they’d come to a complete stop, he turned to her. His face was full of sexy devilry. He dropped his voice low, “Is there anything you’d like to do with me?”
She felt her blood start to pound and her breath hitch. What on earth was the matter with her? Just because she hadn’t had sex in a while didn’t mean that the first presentable (okay, gorgeous) guy who wanted her (okay, took her to the moon and back in bed) should turn her into mush simply by sending her lustful glances.
But. He. Did.
Outside the open window she heard the corn swish as a breeze blew through the fields. Somewhere a truck was rumbling along a back road. And Evan was looking at her, his eyes alight with promises. They’d spent one night together. One action-packed, glorious night. She definitely wanted more where that came from. “There might be some things I’d like to do with you,” she conceded.
His hand slipped to her knee, warm and slightly rough, probably from handling a motorcycle for hundreds of miles.
“My friend Google also advised me that there’s a very nice lodge not too far from here. It sits on a river and contains a spa and a highly-rated restaurant among other things.”
She looked down at her outfit. “I’m not dressed for a fancy dinner.”
His hand smoothed slowly up her thigh, warm and sure. “I believe they offer room service.”
She bit her lower lip. She was so seriously tempted. He saw the gesture and leaned forward, kissing her soft and slow.
“You don’t have to be back until ten a.m. tomorrow morning,” he reminded her.
“I haven’t even got a toothbrush.”
“Bet they stock essentials at the hotel.” He kissed her again and she put her arms around him, pulling him closer.
“Okay,” she said.
“Thank you for saving me from another night in the Mill Pond Motel.”
Her eyes narrowed suddenly as suspicion hit her. “You planned this, didn’t you?”
“Planned what?”
“The dog sitter offers overnight service. You made sure Cleo had lots of food and water.” She leaned closer. “I bet you even have a reservation.”
He put his hands back on the wheel and pulled away from the stop sign. “I neither confirm nor deny.”
Maybe she wasn’t as unprepared as she’d let him believe. In her bag she’d tucked her traveling make up bag, which did, in fact, contain a toothbrush and other essentials. She’d also slipped in clean underwear because something about a drive in the country had suggested to her right away that Evan had more in mind than traipsing through a maze of corn.
She’d heard of the lodge, of course, but for one reason or another had never been. She was excited to try the food and enjoy a spontaneous mini-break.
They drove for another hour, talking a little, touching a little, all of it a subtle kind of foreplay.
When they arrived, a smiling clerk greeted Evan by name and as she checked them in, said, “Your romance package is all set.” And she gave them directions to their room.
“Romance package?” she muttered as she followed him down stone-paved hallways butting up to natural cedar walls.
“You get a discount,” he whispered back.
Which she very much doubted.
When she entered the room she fell a little bit in love. Champagne was cooling in a bucket. A fruit and cheese plate sat by a window that looked out on natural gardens and beyond them the river. A king sized bed dominated one half of the room under soaring ceilings, on the other side of the room was a sitting area with a chaise lounge that invited a person to settle by the window and read.
Everything about the room was eco-chic and definitely high end. When she peeked into the bathroom she almost cooed. A huge spa tub begged to be shared, granite and cedar dominated the room which was bigger than her third bedroom at home.
“This is gorgeous,” she cried, throwing her arms around him and kissing him. “I don’t know what to do first. Walk by the river, settle into that oversized tub, or drag you straight into bed.”
“There’s another option.”
“What?”
“The romance package includes a massage for two.”
She laughed in delight. “Are you kidding me?”
He shook his head. “Nope.”
“I’ve never had a massage for two. Have you?”
“I have not and can’t think of anyone I’d rather try it with.”
They booked the massage to begin in thirty minutes and then took that walk. He held her hand as they strolled on the crushed gravel path by the river. The sun was low and heavy in the sky and it glinted off the water that rushed by. She felt the warmth of Evan’s palm against hers while the promise of what was to come hovered around them like the light mist in the air.
For a moment she wondered what it would be like to have a man like this in her life all the time. Someone surprising and spontaneous who was fun to be around and great in bed. But, she reminded herself, he was also a man on the run. She wasn’t entirely sure what he was running from or if he’d figured that out for himself. He could talk about bucket lists and boyhood dreams all he liked. She knew when a man was running. This one was going so fast he barely had time to glance over his shoulder and see if his demons were in pursuit.
She could have told him they weren’t pursuing him, that his demons lived inside him and wherever he ran they’d tag along for the ride. But she didn’t. She was a general practitioner not a psychiatrist or a therapist. He’d have to figure it out on his own.
“White water rafting,” he said so suddenly he yanked her out of her thoughts.
“Hmm?”
“I can’t believe I didn’t put white water rafting on my list when I was a kid. Who puts kiss girl in the rain on the list and doesn’t include white water rafting?”
“The same guy who books the romance package in a hotel,” she said, teasing him but not really. She thought his list suggested a serious boy, somebody who was destined to go places but who’d never take the easiest route to get there, which had clearly turned out to be the case.
“You’re saying I was a romantic at twelve?” He sounded disgusted.
She leaned in, took his face in her hands and kissed him. “Yeah, I do. At twelve and at thirty-five.” She patted his cheeks. “You’re the kind of man who takes flowers into the nursing home for his old wife. And I bet you cry when your grandchildren get married.”
“Grandchildren?”
She shrugged. “It could happen.”
But not with her, she had to remind herself. It was too easy to fall into the trap of thinking this weekend was the beginning of a promising relationship, that he could be part of her life. But he wasn’t. She couldn’t plan as far as next weekend since he’d be gone by then.
So, she said, “We should head back. I don’t want to miss the double massage.”
They got to their room and, as instructed, stripped down to nothing and donned the thick hotel robes that had been provided.
A knock sounded on the door and two white-coated spa staff entered with two portable massage beds. The man introduced himself as Stephen and the woman was Taryn. They were both in their thirties and looked as though they competed in Iron Man and Woman contests when they weren’t massaging people.
They set the beds side by side and maybe three feet apart. “We’ll wash up in the bathroom and give you two a minute to get under the sheets. Face down please.”
She couldn’t prevent herself from peeking when Evan unbelted his robe, slipped it off and hung it from a hook on the wall. He raised his eyebrows and watched as she unbelted her own robe, let it slide down her arms and then laid it on the bed. She settled herself under the sheet on the bed, putting her head face-down on the donut-shaped head rest.
She heard the rustling and shifting of the bed beside her as Evan did the same.
Stephen was her masseur and Taryn took charge of Evan.
There followed sixty minutes of utter bliss. She did a lot of bending over in her job, examining patients and helping the young and infirm ones on and off her examination beds. She also spent time on paperwork and on the phone and in the car, all activities that caused tight muscles she hadn’t even known about.
She worked out when she could, running three times a week and getting to yoga and Pilates classes when time allowed, but still, Stephen’s strong fingers found and released pockets of tension all over her.
There wasn’t much talking. They’d put on one of those CDs of ocean waves so she had the hazy feeling she was floating on a sea somewhere. But she was aware of Evan beside her, imagined him sharing the experience as his own pockets of stress and tightness were pummeled and stretched. Once she heard him groan, twice she heard him sigh.
The sounds were too much like those he made during sex and she found herself growing increasingly aroused thinking of him so close to her, naked and relaxed. The massage brought her into her body, pushing away the distractions that usually occupied her mind. She was aware of her own skin and muscle and the quiet thud of her heart. She felt the sheet shift against her skin and the relaxation in parts of her body accompanied by the tension in her core.
When the hour was up, the two therapists simply said good bye quietly and that they’d collect the beds later. And then they were gone.
She raised her head and glanced at Evan to find him doing the same. “I am so glad she didn’t make me turn over,” he said softly. “I had this massive hard on.”
“From Taryn?”
“No. From thinking about you naked next to me.”
He reached out, touched her shoulder and stroked. “All that massage cream or oil or whatever that stuff is makes your skin so smooth.”
He rolled up and hopped off the bed, leaving the sheet bunched up behind him. He was right. He did have a massive hard on.
And she had lots of ideas about what to do with it.
She rolled up to sitting and then slid off the bed. She held out her hand to him and he took it and did an amazing thing. He raised her hand to his mouth and kissed her open palm.
Then he led her to that big, gorgeous bed and laid her down on it. And they put their relaxed muscles back to work, sliding skin against skin, mouth against mouth, fitting to each other. Learning each other all over again and finding out new things. She didn’t know what he tasted like. She set herself to find out.
When they’d had their fill of the bed, they moved to the bathroom, where the mirrored walls cast back their reflections over and over. This time, when they took each other, they watched. She liked seeing his round, muscular butt pump into her, and the sight of her own legs wrapped around him as she perched on the cold edge of the granite counter.
“I feel like we’re starring in a porn film,” he panted.
“But the only cameras are in our heads,” she murmured, stroking his sweat-damp shoulders. “You can never view the movie again. You’ll have to remember it.”
He rested his forehead against hers. “Oh, I will never forget a moment of being with you.”
She felt the same.
In the end, they ate in the restaurant. She discovered a pretty top in the gift shop that, paired with her jean skirt, was plenty stylish. Evan had snuck an overnight bag into the trunk with a clean shirt and his toiletries. She gave him a hard time about having luggage when she didn’t, but really she had everything she needed.
When she glanced at him she suffered a pang. She really did have everything she needed. And couldn’t have.
The food was over-the-top amazing and they fed each other from their plates like love-sick newlyweds. It was one of those restaurants that told you where every item you were eating was grown, bonus points if that had happened within a hundred miles of here. He started with the corn chowder, cooked with potatoes that were also local.
She ordered a salad of heirloom greens grown right on the hotel property. It arrived with a yellow nasturtium on top.
“I bet we trod on the husks of this very corn,” he said as they dug in. Then he said, “Oh, you have to try this. I don’t know how they made corn chowder taste so good.”
He passed over his spoon and fed her.
She then insisted he sample a forkful of her greens.
She didn’t care. Nobody knew her here. Maybe Evan wasn’t hers forever, but he was hers for tonight and she was determined to make the most of every second.
Over local lamb (her) and local pork (him) paired with a wine from the Willamette valley, they talked with the intimacy of lovers. It was so different from the night before when she’d felt as though the entire town of Miller’s Pond was staring at them, hoping to eavesdrop on their conversation. Here she could be a woman enjoying a man. Listen to the nuances in his conversation, enjoy the play of expressions on his face.
On their way back to the room, her cell phone rang. Charlotte.
“Hi Charlotte,” she said, as he opened the door and she slipped into their room. “Everything okay?”
“I think I’m in labor,” her friend said sounded both panicked and excited.
“Really? You’re what now, thirty-six weeks?”
“Yes, but the Int—my pregnancy book says at thirty six weeks a pregnancy is considered full term.”
She thought it was possible. Perhaps Charlotte’s heartburn had been part of the process. “How far apart are your contractions?”
“Fifteen minutes or so. Sometimes twenty.”
“Are they regular?”
“Not really.”
Oh, she was happy not to be packing her minimal supplies back into her bag and asking Evan to drive her back home. “Go back to your pregnancy book and look up Braxton Hicks. It’s your body practicing up for labor. You won’t be in real labor until your contractions are more regular and coming closer together.”
“So it’s normal?”
She smiled into the phone. “Perfectly normal.”
“Oh, good. It’s so weird feeling like your body is being taken over by alien forces and not knowing what’s normal and what isn’t.”
“I can imagine.”
“So, want to come over for a chick flick and eat ice cream? Then if it’s the real thing, you’d be—”
“I can’t. I’m on a date. And if real labor starts you get Gary to drive you to the hospital and you know I’ll come as soon as I can.”
“You with Easy Rider?”
She felt the warmth of a blush starting and she had no idea why. “Yes.”
There was a slight pause. Charlotte said, “Are you being careful?”
It was her turn to pause. She glanced up and Evan was opening the French doors to their patio. Her tired girl parts stirred. “Yes, I’m being careful,” she said. She suspected Charlotte wasn’t referring only to birth control. And that, while she was scrupulous about protecting her health, she might be a little sloppy about protecting her heart.
Chapter Fourteen


Evan dropped Caitlyn off at her house at 9:30 on Monday morning giving her time to prepare for her day’s patients. She was so pretty in the morning light. In every light.
“Thank you for—everything,“ she said.
He leaned across the car and kissed her. “Thank you.”
There was a moment when she didn’t move and he felt them stuck in a moment of awkwardness. Now what?
He said, “Do you want a night off from me?”
Those gorgeous eyes held his gaze for a long moment. “No.”
He’d felt in that moment as though he were waiting for important news, not sure if it was going to be good or bad. When it turned out to be good he felt such a rush of relief it surprised him. “Great. When are you done for the day?”
“I’ll be finished by six.”
“Can I cook you dinner?”
“You can really cook?”
“You’ll find out if you say ‘yes’.”
Her smile was swift and sweet. “Yes.” She pushed open the door of the car and then paused for a moment. She said, “I’ll leave the back sliding door unlocked so you can come in if you want to start preparing food earlier.”
He understood that this was a pretty big deal. She was letting him in her space, allowing him to access her things, snoop if he was a snooper. She was giving him her trust.
“Thanks. I’ll see you later.”
He went to pick up Homely and found that, instead of abandoning his master of a couple of days, the dog was wildly excited to see him. Mop curls bounced and danced as the dog threw himself at Evan’s knees, squealing with joy. He couldn’t help but laugh and bend down and pet the dog.
“He’s such a good dog,” the woman who’d looked after him said, as he paid her.
Faint hope bloomed. “Any chance you’re in the market?”
She shook her head. “Sorry. I’ve already got two rescue dogs and three cats.”
She fed Homely a dog treat and Evan fetched one of the last posters from his car. “Can you put this up so your clients can see it?”
“Sure,” she said. Then she sighed. “You know, there are a lot of homeless dogs around. I think this is probably one of them.”
Evan was starting to think so too but he wasn’t ready to ship the mutt off to a shelter quite yet.
So, he and his shadow walked downtown so he could hit the grocery store and figure out what to make for dinner. He had a full day and lots of hours to kill, however, so he bought himself a coffee at the indie coffee place, sat outside with the dog curled at his feet looking like an old mop that belonged at the landfill.
On impulse, he pulled out his cell phone and called home. As he’d hoped, his mother answered the phone. “Hi, Mom. It’s Evan.”
“Ev,” she sounded delighted. “Where are you? Your dad and I have been looking at our old atlas every night. We figure you’re almost through Idaho by now.”
He suffered a stab of embarrassment at his lack of progress. He supposed he never got too old to want to impress his mom. “I’m less than four hundred miles from you,” he said. “In a small town called Miller’s Pond. I ran into some trouble.”
“Oh, no. Are you all right?”
“Yeah. I’m fine. My bike’s in the shop, though.” Then he had to explain his accident, and the dog.
“I couldn’t get stranded in an interesting place for a few days. No. I got stuck in America’s Most Average Town.”
“Then you’re there for a reason,” she said.
“You’ve been meditating again, haven’t you, Mom?”
“Every morning. It keeps me grounded.”
“So, here I am stuck. I’ve got Evan’s Amazing Life List sitting in my wallet and no progress is being made.”
“What are you doing with your time?”
He debated with himself for a minute, then told her about Caitlyn.
“Hmm. Maybe she’s your Donna Reed.”
“My what?”
“Don’t you remember, every Christmas we used to watch It’s a Wonderful Life, with Jimmy Stewart. He was a man who dreamed of getting out of his small town and traveling the world. But he fell in love with Donna Reed and the town kept needing him, and well, some bad things happened, he became suicidal and an angel was assigned to him. Eventually he discovered he didn’t need to travel anywhere. He had everything he’d ever wanted right in Bedford Falls.”
“You let your impressionable kids watch this?” He vaguely remembered the movie and something about bells. Sounded like a bunch of Hollywood crap to him. Miller’s Pond even sounded like Bedford Falls. He could imagine being suicidal if you were stuck here, too.
“The movie has a happy ending, darling. Your journey will too.”
“I guess.” He frowned down at his coffee and the muffin he’d mostly fed to the dog. “Tell Iris that I loved her muffins. They are better than you get anywhere.”
“I’ll tell her.”
“Okay. I’d better go. I need to figure out what I’m doing today since my schedule got messed up.”
“You might try living in the moment. Accept that you don’t have transport temporarily and just be where you are with patience.”
“When Dad built you that meditation yurt, he didn’t do us any favors.”
He heard the smile in her voice when she said, “Try not to push the river.”
Even though she was a Zen spouting hippy she always made him feel better. “Love you, mom.”
“Love you right back.”
He rose from the table and the dog jumped up with him. “If we’re not going to push the river, I guess we’d better dive into it, huh?”
The dog wagged its tail and accompanied him to the door of the grocery.
While he was perusing the fresh vegetables, his cell phone rang.
“Evan Chance.”
“Hi, Evan! This is Marshall Dremell. I run the Miller’s Pond newcomer’s club and we’d love to have you join us at our pot luck social Friday night.”
Usually he cut people off at this point, but he was so stunned, he said, “There’s a newcomer’s club in Miller’s Pond?”
“Indeed there is, will we see—”
“No thanks. But if any newcomers want to adopt a dog, tell them to call me.”
He hung up shaking his head. A newcomer’s club.
“I think it’s a plot,” he told Caitlyn later, over dinner. “The dog’s in on it. He runs out, throws himself in front of unsuspecting motorists or cyclists who wreck their vehicles, then Merv gets their business and holds them up in town long enough for the realtors and financial planners and every other service provider in town to get their hooks into the unsuspecting fool.”
“Don’t forget the local doctor,” she said, looking amused.
He regarded her. “She’s definitely got her hooks into me,” he admitted.
“This curry is fantastic,” she said. He’d gone with a mild red curry, with chicken and loads of vegetables. “I can’t believe you even made focaccia bread.”
“I told you I’m an excellent cook.”
“You did. But I wasn't sure I believed you.”
“Listen, growing up in our house with a lot of kids and not a lot of money, we all learned how to cook. Also how to fix things.”
Her eyes lit up suddenly. “Really? You’re handy?”
“I am.” And suddenly he didn’t have to worry about filling his time. Caitlyn had a list of small projects that were beyond her scope and perfectly within his abilities.
“I can work but I need to leave time for accomplishing number three on my list.”
She stopped in mid-scribble because of course she was making him a list. “What’s number three. That’s not kiss a girl in the rain, is it?”
“No. The only girl I want to kiss in the rain, is you. Number three is my desire to learn another language. Specifically, Spanish.”
“Really.”
“Yes. I signed up for an online course. I was doing extremely well, repeating such useful phrases as “The girls like dancing, but the boys prefer baseball.”
“It’s the same the world over,” she complained. “What is it with men and sports?”
“A debate for another time. Anyway, there I was in the hotel room, working on my Spanish when the chambermaid came in. She happens to be Hispanic and she burst out laughing.”
“Was it your accent?”
“Probably, but also the content. I was repeating, el elephante bebe leche, which translates to the elephant drinks milk. Pilar, that’s her name, found this most amusing. We spoke in Spanish while she cleaned the room and she was able to correct my pronunciation and explain some grammar that I didn’t understand.”
“I hope you tipped her well. And didn’t waste her time.”
“I did. Also, she’s agreed to tutor me privately.”
“Don’t tell me, she looks like Penelope Cruz.”
“She probably did look like Penelope Cruz about thirty years ago. Now, she’s a nice lady who looks like she could use some extra cash and I am a guy who isn’t getting very far on his bucket list. I think we can help each other out.”
“That’s wonderful. Where are you having these lessons?”
“At the public library. She gets off work at one so we’re meeting at the library at two every day until I leave.”
“Did you go today?”
“I did.”
“And?”
“I have homework for tomorrow.” He grinned. “I can’t tell you the last time I had homework.” He settled back in his chair. Looked across at Caitlyn. “I’m so used to having my days full to overflowing, it’s hard to be idle.”
“You’re a recovering workaholic. You’ll get there.”
When she went to make coffee after their dinner, she discovered the foolish mug he’d placed in her cupboard with the German coffee mugs.
She picked it up. Stared at the cheap, thick pottery mug with the bright red glaze and the words Oregon is for Lovers.
She had her back to him and he wasn’t sure whether to duck in case she chucked it at his head or whether he’d get some sarcastic crack out of her. Instead, while he watched, she traced the words with her index finger. And he felt a surge of feeling rise and fall so fast he felt like a surfer who miscalculates and gets dumped on his head.
She made the coffee and to his surprise and secret delight, she poured her own brew into the garish red mug.


By the time Wednesday arrived, Evan was seriously thinking of changing his voice mail on his cell phone to something like, “Unless you are the owner of the lost dog on the poster, do not waste my time.” He’d been offered a deal on a gym membership, invited to a free weekend in order to listen to the spiel for a time share, and innumerable people had tried to sell him various services.
However, when the phone rang Wednesday morning he saw that it was Merv’s garage calling.
Soon he’d be on his way. “Evan Chance,” he said into the phone.
“Good Morning, it’s Merv here. Your part’s in. Should take a couple of hours to install. You can pick the bike up this afternoon.”
“Great. Thanks. I’ll be there.”
Well, that was great. He’d been held up long enough in Miller’s Pond. By tonight or tomorrow morning at the latest he’d be back on the road.
He couldn’t understand the sudden lurch in his gut. He was road tripping. He was Jack Kerouac on the road again. He was that rolling stone gathering no moss. So why was it, the first time he’d stopped for more than a day he’d picked up clumps of moss? Massive moss boulders that slowed the wheels and clogged the path?
Moss boulders of the canine and the human kind.
He shook his head at his own foolishness.
It was good that the bike was going to be ready today. He’d take the dog to the shelter. If no one had contacted him yet about that dog he had to accept it had no home. A shelter would find him one. He ignored a pang of guilt. Who would adopt such an ugly mutt?
And he’d make a last date with Caitlyn. He rubbed his belly absently, where a dull ache had begun. She’d gone into this with her eyes open, as had he. They were having a short fling, no strings attached. Nobody was going to cry or feel hurt that it was over. It wasn’t like they’d fallen in love or some such foolishness. This was about two people thrown together enjoying each other’s company and bodies for a few days.
That’s all.
But they’d spent pretty much every spare moment she had together. If they weren’t having sex, they were walking the stray dog or he was being put to work on some handyman chore around her house. Growing up on a semi-commune with eleven kids and not a ton of money, Evan was plenty handy. Not by choice.
He discovered that she took her job pretty seriously. Charlotte called having self-diagnosed her latest pregnancy disaster off the internet. And Caitlyn calmed her down. Then she talked to Mrs. Newsom whose husband had had the heart attack during his and Caitlyn’s first date. That was what, five days ago? Seemed like another life. She was worried about her husband. He seemed depressed and lethargic. Caitlyn didn’t tell her everything was going to be fine, which he respected. Instead, she said, “He’s had a big shock and his body’s had a big shock. And, so have you.” She listened for a bit and said, “I know you don’t want to lose him. We’re going to do everything we can to keep him around as long as we can.”
But she didn’t promise any miracles.
“How long do you think he’s got?” he asked when she got off the phone.
“He’s got congestive heart failure. But you can never tell. People who have a strong will to live and something or someone to live for tend to do better. But I doubt he’s got more than a year or two.”
He thought suddenly of his own folks. They’d been together nearly forty years. He couldn’t imagine one going on without the other. Hoped to hell they both stayed healthy for a good long time.
And now it was time to saddle up and head back on the road.
First he needed to say good bye to a girl.
Miller’s Pond didn’t have a florist. They sold sad-looking bouquets in the grocery. But there was a nursery just out of town with a good selection of plants that would be a lot more practical than cut flowers anyway. He bought her a rose tree. The color was neither yellow nor pink but a streaky combination of the two that he thought she’d like.
He called her from the nursery. And before he could say much, she laughed and said, “I can’t spend every night with you, you know. I’ve got my book club tonight.”
“Oh. Right.” He held the stupid tree in his hand, pushing the dog away so he couldn’t get close enough to pee on it, and wondered how he was going to say good-bye. “I got a call from Merv. The part’s in for my bike. I can pick it up today.”
“Oh.” That’s all she said. “Oh.” And he wanted to run over to her place and pull her into his arms and then he’d still have to say good bye at the end of it.
“I want to see you before I go.”
“Yes. I’d like to see you.” She sounded all business now. Like he was a patient who needed his stitches out or something.
“Could I come by after your book club?”
The pause was longer than was comfortable. He thought she might refuse. Then she said, “Sure. Okay. I should be home by ten.”
“I’ll see you then.”
Chapter Fifteen


He drove straight to Merv’s. It was one in the afternoon and he wanted to make sure everything was working fine before he headed out again.
When he got there, Merv saw him and came out of the garage to greet him, wiping his hands with a greasy rag that looked like it was putting more black onto his fingers than it was taking off.
“Is my bike ready?”
Merv rubbed harder with the rag, staring down at it. “Well, it’s kind of complicated. You see, the person who ordered the parts ordered a Harley shift control.”
“I have a Honda.”
“Yeah. That’s the thing that’s complicated. Part doesn’t fit.”
Evan put a hand to his forehead. Seriously? He didn’t need to ask who was the genius in charge of ordering parts. Obviously it was the son.
There was no point yelling. Merv’s was the only garage in town. They pretty much had him and his HONDA hostage.
“How long will it take to get the right part?” he asked.
“Two to three business days.”
Just like before.
“So, if it’s Wednesday today…”
“You’re looking at Monday. Probably.”
“Any chance of Friday?”
“Well, I don’t know.” Merv abandoned the rag to push back his ball cap and scratch his head. “I could put a rush on it.”
“I’d really appreciate that.”
“Do what I can. I’ll call you when it’s in.”
He headed back to the car. Merv’s voice stopped him. “Oh, and go ahead and keep the loaner car.”
Wow. What a concession. “Thanks. I will.”
Since he was there, he filled up with gas.
Then he drove slowly away, feeling oddly happy that he wasn’t leaving quite yet.
When he got to the library for his Spanish lesson with Pilar, she was there ahead of him at their usual table in the back. She was bent over a notebook and she had the look of a woman with a thousand pound weight on her shoulders. “Hola,” he said softly.
She glanced up and forced a smile. “Hola.” Her eyes were heavy and red-rimmed. Didn’t take a genius to see she’d been crying.
“What’s wrong?”
She shook her head. “Family trouble,” she said. “Legal trouble.”
He had a moment when he considered nodding and presenting her his homework. She had no clue as to his profession. He was here to learn Spanish not solve Pilar’s legal problems.
He opened his notebook and passed it to her. When she picked up her pencil she moved like a much older woman. She was a nice person, probably couldn’t afford a lawyer. What kind of man ignored a woman in distress? He said, “I’m a lawyer. Do you want to tell me about your trouble?”
She glanced up at him, half hopeful half resigned to whatever shitty fate was in store for her. “You are here to learn Spanish,” she reminded him.
“So tell me the story in Spanish. You can explain the words I don’t understand.”
She bowed her head briefly. “Gracias.”
Sometimes, he knew, simply telling a stranger about a problem helped.
In the next thirty minutes he learned some new vocabulary and he got the gist of her tale. Pilar had been left a piece of property by her grandfather. A small farm. Her Uncle Trini was living on the property claiming his brother had left it to him and he had a deed to prove it.
“Today is my day off so I drove out there to talk to my uncle. I think that he’s family and we can work out a compromise.” She put her hands over her eyes for a moment. “He threatened me. Called me names. And he said if I didn’t get off his property, he’d set his dogs on me.” She glanced up at him and he saw that her pain was about so much more than money. “Who treats their own family this way?”
He’d been down this road too many times not to be cynical. “Blood is thicker than water,” he said, “But believe me, money’s thicker than blood.”
“If I could sell that property, I could help my children.” She sighed. “Maybe be able to retire one day.”
“Have you got a copy of your grandfather’s will?”
“Yes.”
Well, he thought, now that he had a couple more days in town, at least he could do something useful. “I’d like to have a look at the will and see if I can help you.”
She appeared doubtful. “I don’t have much money to pay you.”
“We’ll work something out. Maybe you can give me some extra Spanish lessons.”


He went back to his motel room, grabbed his workout stuff. Now that the dog was all healed, he took him for a run instead of a walk.
Evan felt like he needed the exercise. He ran five miles or so, his shadow trotting by his side, sometimes ahead, sometimes behind, but never far.
He was irritated about the bike hold up. Irritated about the book club. Irritated that no one had claimed Homely, here. Generally irritated.
He stopped in a park and did fifty push-ups on the grass, the same of situps. Took the time to stretch and then headed back to the motel. By the time he got there, the dog was dancing around his food bowl waiting to be fed.
And Evan wondered what he’d do about dinner. He felt like an evening at the Country Grill, but he didn’t want to eat alone. Apart from Caitlyn, he only knew one person in town he thought he’d like to eat dinner with.
So, he showered, shaved, put on clean clothes and walked over to Horace Freemason’s place.
When he knocked on the door he realized that he should have called first. A comfortable-looking woman with white curls opened the door. Evan said, “I’m looking for Horace.” He could smell pasta sauce and realized he’d probably interrupted dinner. “But I can come back if he’s eating. I’m Evan Chance.”
She smiled at him. “Evan, I’ve heard so much about you. Please, come in.”
“I wouldn’t want to—”
“Evan,” Horace’s voice boomed as he strode down the hall toward the doorway. “What a pleasant surprise. Come in. You’re in time for dinner.”
“I didn’t—”
“Please,” Mrs. Freemason said. “There’s plenty. I always cook enough for the family even though the kids are all grown and gone. It’s a habit that’s hard to break. You’ll do me a favor if you help eat up all this food.” She held out a hand. “I’m Phyllis.”
Then she spotted Homely, who, unlike Evan, had never been taught manners and was already pushing his way into the house. Phyllis Freemason laughed and bent down to pet the dog. “And who are you?”
“A homeless stray,” Evan said. “Like me.”
Her eyes twinkled as she glanced up at him with dark eyes. “Let’s see if we can make you both feel at home.”
Over dinner, Evan discussed Pilar’s case with Horace.
He shook his head. “It’s amazing how many families fall apart over inheritances.” He scooped a bite of lasagna and said, “Have you seen this will?”
“No. But I will tomorrow.”
The older man nodded. “And this uncle claims to have a deed.”
“Yes. Pilar says that her grandfather was very clear that he was leaving the farm to her.”
He chewed his food while Phyllis offered Evan more salad. Finally, Horace said, “You think the deed’s a forgery?”
“I think it bears investigating.”
“Can she afford a lawyer?”
“She’s a chambermaid at the Mill Pond Motel. So, no.”
“How are you going to take on a pro bono case if you’re not here?”
“I’ve got a few days.”
“Horace, why don’t you let Evan use your spare office?” Phyllis said. She smiled at Evan. “He used to have a partner. It will be nice for Horace to have company. And it’s our way of helping one of our neighbors. Don’t you agree Horace?”
His hosts exchanged a look that obviously meant something to them and then Horace nodded his head. “Office door’s open anytime after nine in the morning.”
Chapter Sixteen


Caitlyn usually loved her book club nights. They gave her a chance to relax, hang out with women she liked, talk a little bit about the book and a lot about general topics. Men, kids, aging parents, local gossip, whatever they felt like. In a town that size there was always going to be a disparity in ages and Caitlyn and Charlotte were two of the younger members of book club. However, tonight she couldn’t concentrate. Not on the book, on the discussion or the gossip. She sipped her wine and sampled from the table of snacks and felt as though a weight were pressing on her chest.
She nibbled an olive and put it aside on her plate.
Charlotte changed her seat to be closer to Caitlyn. “What’s up with you?”
“Nothing,” she said in a tone that brimmed with everything that was currently wrong.
Charlotte merely raised an eyebrow and kept looking at her.
“Evan’s bike is fixed.” There. She’d said it. “He’s leaving.”
“He was always leaving,” her friend said gently.
“I know. I just didn’t think—”
“You were going to fall in love with him.”
The words hit her chest like rocks against a window. “I’m not in—it’s only been a few days. There is no way I could be--” Then she felt her eyes widen as Charlotte nodded. “Oh, shit. I’m in love with him.”
“Did you really think you could have casual sex? You’re the least casual person I’ve ever known. You have enough food in your house to feed all of Miller’s Pond if we’re ever under siege. You should check out your MD reviews online, every one of them talks about how thorough you are.”
“That’s different.”
“Is it? Because I always thought that a woman who plans her entire wardrobe a week in advance is probably not going to be the casual sex kind of girl.”
“Planning saves me time.”
“I know.”
“Don’t sound sympathetic. You’re making me feel like a loser.”
“You’re not a loser. You’re super smart about a lot of things and really dumb when it comes to your own needs.”
“How is this helping? You’re my best friend. You’re supposed to say, Hell, babe, you got laid a few times. Had some laughs. Another Easy Rider will cruise through town before you know it.”
Charlotte squeezed her upper arm. “Best friends don’t lie.”
“What am I going to do?”
“You could tell him how you feel?”
She waited while Shirley Chong helped herself to the food and then went to sit by the window with two of her neighbors. The pause gave her time to think about Charlotte’s idea, but by the time Shirley was back out of earshot she knew she wouldn’t blab her feelings to Evan.
“I knew from the first time I met him that he was only passing through. How can I suddenly tell him I’m a romantic fool?”
“What’s your alternative?”
“Say good bye. Not tell him anything.”
“I don’t really see what you’ve got to lose. If you tell him you love him, he might realize he loves you, too.”
“And then what? Whisk me off on the back of a motorcycle?” She threw up her hands and her plate nearly tumbled off her lap. A couple of cheese cubes rolled like dice. “I have a medical practice, a home. A cat.”
“Well, he has a dog.”
“Hunh. He’ll dump that poor animal off at a shelter right after he finishes saying goodbye to me.”
“Or, you could ask him to stay.”
Her gaze slipped to Charlotte’s and then skittered off again. “Ask him to stay. You mean, move in with me? I barely know the guy.”
“See what I mean? You are so not casual. No, I don’t mean he should move in with you. But maybe he could get a place. Stick around for a while and see how it goes. Based on the money he’s been dropping while he’s been here I’m guessing finances aren’t a big issue.”
“No, but… I don’t know. It’s a big commitment.”
“Maybe you don’t love him after all.”
She picked up a carrot stick off her plate. Put it down again. “I wish he’d never come here.”
Charlotte chuckled. “Fate sure has a funny way of messing up our well-ordered lives.”
As she walked home from book club, Caitlyn realized that Charlotte was right. Her friend, round with new life and glowing with happiness, had figured out what she hadn’t noticed in herself. She’d done the stupidest thing imaginable. She’d gone and fallen in love with a guy who couldn’t be more hopeless. The fact that he was on a quest to fulfill a list of things he’d dreamed up when he was twelve pretty much suggested his maturity level.
He was a boy on a bike.
And she was a grown woman who really shouldn’t be playing with boys.
Well, she thought as she turned into her road, that wasn’t going to be much of a problem since her boy was about to ride out of town. She breathed deeply, trying to dislodge the constriction in her chest, but the closer she got to her home and the knowledge that soon she’d be saying good bye to Evan, the more it pressed on her.
She was earlier than normal which gave her a little time to prepare herself for her good bye, but all she really did was brush her teeth and refresh her make-up -- at least his last memory of her wouldn’t be bad breath and smudged mascara. Then she tried to read an article in the New England Journal of Medicine but it was hopeless. She couldn’t have said whether she was reading about heart stents or prostate cancer breakthroughs.
When Cleopatra jumped up and batted the paper away, she was perfectly happy to sit quietly with the purring cat curled in her lap. “We were fine before he rode into our lives, and we’ll be fine when he rides back out again,” she said aloud.
Cleo yawned.
He arrived a little after ten. It was strange to hear him bang on the front door. Usually she left the garage door open and he came in through the kitchen. But she hadn’t opened the garage. Maybe it was silly of her when this had only ever been a quick fling, but the idea of a last shag for the road simply didn’t work for her.
She opened the front door. He stood there, looking gorgeous, clean shaven, wearing his best jeans.
He was holding a tree.
They had no script for this. Normally he’d come in the kitchen and they’d be wrapped around each other, kissing, before they’d got as far as the fridge. Now they looked at each other as though neither was sure what to do.
“This is for you,” he said.
Nothing about this man was ever predictable. “You got me a tree?”
“It’s a tree rose. I thought it would be better than a bunch of roses. This will last for years.”
“To remind me of an affair that lasted five days,” she blurted then wished she hadn’t said anything that sounded like she cared. Damn.
He shifted his gaze to the root ball wrapped in burlap. “I guess I should leave this on the front porch. I’ll plant it before I go.”
When he settled it against the front of the house, she saw that there was one bloom and a few buds. Of course, it was the end of the season for roses so she probably wouldn’t get many more blooms. Still, she stepped out to have a look. The roses were pinky red on the outside and yellow on the inside, some kind of hybrid, obviously, but the effect was gorgeous. Subtle. And the smell was heaven.
“I like this so much better than cut flowers,” she said. “Thank you.”
Then she noticed that a dark shape she’d assumed was a bush was moving her way. And panting. She blinked, automatically petting the dog who threw himself against her legs like she was the only thing standing between him and death.
“You brought a dog and a tree on a motorcycle?”
“No. I still have the loaner.”
“I don’t understand. You said the part was in for your bike.”
“Yeah. Turned out it was the wrong part. Seems Merv Junior thought Harley and Honda were the same thing. These H sounds could confuse anybody.”
“Oh, no. So what are you going to do?”
“Well, I’m stuck here until Monday when the new part comes in. Assuming it’s not for a Humvee.”
He sent her a look from under his lashes, all sexy and isn’t it your lucky night I’m still in town. Okay, probably he wasn’t thinking that, exactly, she was simply feeling pissy. She’d spent all evening acknowledging that he was going. Now he wasn’t. But not because he couldn’t tear himself away from her.
Because he was stuck in town.
“Wow, that will really slow your progress,” she said. As though he had an agenda and had to actually be somewhere.
“Do you think I could come in?”
She pondered the question. If he came in the chances were, oh, about one hundred percent certain that they’d end up in bed together. And, as nice as that would admittedly be, she’d be fighting the same pressure in her chest on Friday. Or Monday. Or TuesdayWednesdayThursday -- whenever the damn part came in.
“You know,” she said at last, “I don’t think I want my sex life to be determined by Merv’s dyslexic son.”
He stood there, with one hand still wrapped around the tree rose. The dog, catching something in her tone, rubbed his head against her knee. “I don’t want you to think… I would never…When I met you…” And then it seemed as though he ran out of sentences to start and not finish. “I’m sorry.”
“Hey, it’s not like I was expecting a long term relationship. But you came here tonight to say good bye.” She could not believe she was saying the words but as they came out of her mouth they sounded right. “I think it needs to be goodbye.”
He nodded, slowly. “I think you’re a really special lady,” he said.
“Thanks. You’re a pretty special man. I hope you find what you’re looking for.”
Then she leaned forward and kissed him one last time. He tasted so good, his lips felt so perfect and natural against hers that for a moment she weakened. What the hell? A couple more days and then they’d play out this scene. At least she’d have a few more days to enjoy him.
But the sensible part, the part that had ruled her for far too long to be easily swayed, pulled back from that addictive mouth.
“Goodbye, Evan.”
“Goodbye.”
She shut the door and pressed her lips together, maybe trying to hold onto his kiss as long as she could. Maybe to stop herself from opening the door and yelling to him to come back.
Chapter Seventeen


“I’d say we just got our asses summarily kicked,” Evan said to the dog as they both walked slowly back to the car. The dog shuffled behind him and kept looking back as though the world’s juiciest bone was behind that door that had just closed behind them and he was starving.
Evan knew exactly how he felt.
When he’d discovered his bike part was the wrong one and that he’d be in town for a few extra days his first feeling hadn’t been anger for the extra delay. No.
What he’d felt was… when he tried to put a word to the emotion he realized that what he’d felt had been relief.
He wasn’t ready to say good-bye to Caitlyn, not yet.
Seemed she didn’t feel the same way about him.
He tried to be philosophical about women. He was the first to admit he didn’t understand them most of the time. Tonight for instance. Something about the way Caitlyn had looked at him had made him feel like he’d let her down somehow. When all he’d ever been was honest.
And he’d been so excited about seeing her tonight, and about spending a few more days here with her. Wouldn’t you think she’d be pleased that he wanted to see her every minute he could? Instead of looking down her nose at him and suggesting that Merv’s kid who didn’t know a Honda from a Harley from his ass had somehow – oh, what was the point?
He’d never figure out women.


Thursday Evan spent collecting Pilar’s grandfather’s will and the copy of the deed to the property her uncle had given her, that she believed was a forgery.
Horace’s spare office was nothing like the one he’d left behind in Seattle. He didn’t have a dedicated support staff. He and Horace shared the services of Phyllis who was a trained paralegal but mostly seemed to answer the phone and keep up with all the administration in the small office.
She helped him search the County Clerk’s records and to his dismay they found a deed dated five years earlier giving the property in question to Pilar’s uncle.
At lunchtime, he poked his head into Horace’s office. The man was yawning over a file so he didn’t figure he was interrupting anything important. “Feel like a drive?” he asked the older man.
“Where to?”
“I thought I’d check out the disputed property.”
Horace glanced at the file and, with a sigh, rose. “Sure. Be good to get out of the office.”
“Would you have binoculars I can borrow?”
The older man was in the middle of pulling on his sports jacket, but at Evan’s request he paused and narrowed his eyes. “You’re not planning on trespassing, are you?”
“No. That’s why I want the binoculars.”
He nodded. Pulled open a drawer and pulled out a powerful pair.
“Nice. Let’s go.”
Pilar’s grandfather’s farm was set in pretty countryside. A rutted gravel road took its meandering time to get to the farm house, doing its best to knock their teeth out.
He heard the barking of dogs before he got to the place. A couple of old trucks sat in front of the farm house which Evan imagined had been a well cared for family home once, now it was in need of a paint job and the front stairs looked to be hanging on by a pair of thumb tacks.
They drove down a lane by the side, slowly. He drove and Horace put the binoculars to his eyes.
“What do you think,” said Evan, turning around at the end of the lane.
“Fencing’s new. Looks like a fancy irrigation system. At least two pit bulls on the property.”
He nodded. As they slowly drove back up the lane, they saw a man staring at them. He wore a stained checked flannel shirt and old jeans. His hair was too long. A cigarette hung out of his mouth. At his feet were two barking dogs. In his hand he held a shotgun. He didn’t point the gun or move, simply stood there and watched them all the way down the lane.


Thank God for her patients, Caitlyn thought as she listened to hearts and lungs, as she diagnosed infections and sent one hobbling farmer to the clinic for X-rays. These people in their pain and illness needed her full attention. And that left her with less time to brood.
Her last patient of the day was Charlotte for her thirty-seven week check up. They’d scheduled her for the end of the day so they had extra time to chat.
Charlotte waddled in looking large and happy and Caitlyn resisted a stab of envy. Charlotte had married the man she loved and was having a baby. While Caitlyn got a drive-by love affair.
“How are you,” she said, as she put the blood pressure cuff around her patient’s arm.
“I don’t want to worry you,” Charlotte said, “But I think I have gestational diabetes.”
“Uh, huh.” Blood pressure was good. “Lie back for me.”
She helped Charlotte lie back and put her hands on that large, tight-skinned belly. The baby kicked as she checked its position. “Baby’s head is down,” she said. “That’s very good.”
“But what if I have diabetes?”
She took a deep breath. She was angry at Evan, taking out her emotions on a heavily pregnant hypochondriac who was also her best friend wouldn’t help anybody. “Why do you think you’ve got diabetes?”
“Well, look at me. I’ve gained forty pounds. That’s not normal.”
She checked the chart. “In fact, you’ve gained forty-one. And normal depends on the individual. You were a little bit underweight when you got pregnant. Your body is doing what it needs to do.”
“I read – somewhere – that a big weight gain can signal gestational diabetes.”
“Honey, we tested for gestational diabetes when you were twenty-four weeks pregnant. You don’t have it. The bulk of your weight is baby, placenta and water.”
“Great. I’m going to give birth to the world’s biggest baby. I’ll be in the record books.”
She finished her exam, discovering everything was normal, helped heave her friend up to sitting and then took Charlotte’s hand. “Listen, I’m talking to you as your friend, as well as your doctor. You’ve got to stop thinking every little thing is a catastrophe. What are you going to do when the baby’s born? Be one of those mothers who always believes the worst? That gets passed on to kids, you know. They grow up fearful. You don’t want that.”
Charlotte’s eyes filled with sudden tears. “I’m so scared. What if something goes wrong? What if I can’t do it?” She took in a shuddery breath. “What if I’m a terrible mother?”
“You’re going to be the best mom you know how to be. That’s all anyone can do. But try to have faith in yourself and your baby. Okay?”
Charlotte took the tissue she handed her and wiped her eyes. “Okay.” Then she sniffed. “Maybe I need a break from all of this. All I do is wait for the baby to come and worry. And now I’m worried about you.”
“Me?”
“Yeah. You look like hell. Like you haven’t slept and maybe you’ve been doing a little crying too.”
“I did laundry at three o’clock this morning,” she admitted.
“And you call me crazy?” But Charlotte’s eyes gleamed with sympathy.
“I found myself sleeping on Evan’s side of the bed. The man’s been here five days and I’ve given him a side of my bed. But it smelled like him. So I huddled over on his side of the bed and had a bit of a boo-hoo. Then at three I realized how stupid I was being and threw all the sheets on to wash.”
She recalled her frenzied actions as though she were watching a scene in a movie. “I even put his towel in the wash.” And she almost hadn’t. As though one unwashed towel might bring him back.
“Oh, honey.”
“Now there’s no trace of him. Except the damn tree.”
“What damn tree?”
“The man bought me a tree rose. He said it was more permanent than a bunch of roses from the grocer’s. He left it sitting on my front porch and when I went into the house earlier to grab some lunch, I saw that it was planted.” Her vision wavered for a moment. “In exactly the place I would have chosen.”
“You know what we need?”
“What?”
“A night out.”
She wanted to curl up in the dark and watch depressing movies on TV. She did not want to go out in this town where every single person was probably gossiping about her. “I don’t want to go out.”
“Then be a good friend and take me out. I figure when the baby comes I won’t go anywhere fun for months. And when I do I’ll be covered with milk stains and spit up. I want my last meal as a pre-mother. And I want it with you. We’re going to the Grill. My treat.”
Panic bounced in her chest. “But Evan and I went there.”
“Sweetie, Evan was all over this town. You need to get used to that.”
And because she knew Charlotte was doing her best to be a good friend, and it would be a long time before she got out of the house without a baby in her arms, Caitlyn said, “Okay. A night out. I’ll pick you up at seven.”
Chapter Eighteen


Evan spent an interesting few hours tracking down information on Pilar’s grandfather’s farm. He was able to take a break at two and meet his one and only client for a Spanish lesson, during which time he told her about the deed. She was puzzled. Said that her grandfather had fought with his brother when he was convicted of drug dealing ten years earlier. “And why would he specifically leave the farm to me in his will if it already belonged to Uncle Trini?” she asked.
“Can I borrow your copy of your grandfather’s will?” he asked in halting Spanish.
“Si.”
After which he returned to the office and enjoyed a debriefing session with Horace. “We need a handwriting expert,” he said.
Horace glanced at the will and at the copy of the deed. “You’re also going to need the original of the deed. No expert will certify that a copy is forged.”
He blew out a breath. “And Trini Lopez will refuse to produce the original.”
“We could sue him for it.”
“And that will cost a lot of money and take time.”
“Time that you don’t have,” Horace reminded him dryly.
Evan paced. He hated seeing the sweet-faced Pilar get screwed over by a thug who, according to Horace, dealt drugs and was clearly a bad hombre.
He stopped. “Wait a minute. Before a deed is accepted for recordation with the County Clerk, it needs to be notarized by a notary public. Right?”
“Yes. So?”
He grabbed the copy. Down at the bottom was the seal and signature of a notary.
“Do you know this woman?”
Horace studied the name. “I remember her. But I think she’s retired now.”
He called out to Phyllis and she came into the office. When he’d explained the issue, Phyllis said, “I’ll check with the state registry of notaries.”
It didn’t take longer than ten minutes for Phyllis to return shaking her head. “She's no longer listed. But the state has an archive.” She held out a yellow note. “Here’s the former notary’s current address.”
He kissed Phyllis, a big smacking kiss on the cheek, right in front of her husband.


After finishing his day’s work at Horace Freemason’s firm at the reasonable hour of five o’clock, Evan took Homely for a run, then showered, fed the dog and fought an urge to call Caitlyn that was so strong he threw his cell phone across the room.
The dog yipped in surprise and looked at him.
“I don’t want a Donna Reed!” Evan snapped. Then, when the dog’s ears went down, he walked over and patted the mop of curls. “No offense, but I don’t want a dog, either.”
What he wanted, was dinner.
There was a beer parlor that he’d stuck his head into and found the music too loud and the place dominated by pool players. He hated pool.
Or there was the Country Grill where a man who had no woman and sported a few bruises where his manly pride used to be might belly up to the bar and enjoy a quiet drink and a burger. Watch whatever sport was currently on the TV screen tucked in an upper corner of the bar area.
He didn’t even bother trying to leave the dog behind. He opened the door and the dog jumped up into the passenger seat as they set off.
He parked in the lot of the Country Grill and made sure to leave the windows open for his constant canine companion. He’d stocked up on some dog chews at the pet store, so he left one of those with the dog, who took to gnawing the thing happily.
And Evan headed into the Grill.
He checked out the long bar, a rich dark wooden affair with half a dozen bar stools. Then he hesitated. Three of the bar stools were empty. Three were occupied. He didn’t know two of the three people at the bar, but he knew one of them. Chief Barker occupied the seat closest to the entrance. He had a nearly-full beer in front of him.
Evan contemplated backing out the door and heading back to his room to order pizza and watch TV when Louise, the owner, saw him and in a loud voice said, “Why Evan, come on in.” She glanced behind him. “Is it just you tonight?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
She hustled forward. “Do you want a table?”
“No thanks. I’ll sit at the bar.”
“Sure thing. I was so sorry to hear about the mix-up at the garage. Merv feels terrible about it. I bet you could get a discount if you wanted to. Of course, that son of his is about as dumb as a bag of hammers. But what can you do?”
He shouldn’t be surprised. Of course everybody in Miller’s Pond knew about his motorcycle troubles by now. He only hoped his extraordinary efforts at discretion around Caitlyn had paid off.
“Is Doc Sorenson dealing with a medical emergency tonight?” She asked as though he’d never been seen except in Caitlyn’s company. Seemed his extraordinary efforts at discretion had paid off about as well as the two lottery tickets he’d bought in his life.
“I couldn't tell you what the doctor is doing,” he said.
Barker watched the exchange through narrowed eyes but didn’t say anything. Evan’s choice of seats was right beside Barker or one seat removed. He left a seat between them. Nodded casually to the chief. “Evening.”
“Bad luck about your bike.”
“Yeah.”
“What can I get you?” Louise asked.
“Whatever IPO you’ve got on tap.”
“You got it.”
When she put the ale in front of him, he raised his glass in Barker’s direction and took a sip of the cool drink. He figured he and Barker could sit silently, with Caitlyn so strongly there between them that she might as well be perched on the empty bar stool, or they could talk about something else. Two guys, around the same age, both involved in law and order? How hard could it be?
They talked about sports for a few minutes, but somehow the conversation never took off.
He wondered how fast he could down the beer and the burger and get out of there, when he thought maybe the chief could help him with his current client. He leaned toward the off-duty cop and said, “Does the name Trini Lopez mean anything to you?”
Cop stare came back at him. “Why?”
Evan quelled his irritation with an effort. “Two reasons. One: I’ve got a client who believes she is the rightful owner of the property he is currently living on. Two: I drove by there today. Looked to me like there’s cannabis being grown on the farm. Mr. Lopez came outside with a shotgun and a couple of pit bulls.”
The cop continued to regard him. “He threaten you?”
“No.”
“Man’s allowed to have a firearm on his own property. Also dogs. I could try to bust him for the marijuana but he’ll claim it’s medicinal.”
But Evan heard the undercurrent of frustration.
“If I could prove he forged the deed to the property?”
Barker smiled. A slow, cold smile. “Then, if the court so ordered, I’d do my duty and remove him from the property. And I’d smile while I was doing it.”
Evan nodded. “Anything you can tell that might help?”
“Off the record. He’s a drug dealer and a bad dude. He did time for dealing a while back. He’s got powerful friends in a Mexican cartel. Watch your back.”
The door opened heralding new arrivals into the Country Grill. He felt the prickling on the back of his neck before Barker’s eyes went soft. He knew she was there. He knew it before he turned and their gazes locked.
Her eyes were big and sad and there was a hint of redness to the rims as though she might have been crying. He was half out of his seat before Louise bustled up to the two women. She shot him a hasty glance of puzzlement, then said, “Good evening, ladies.”
He thought for a moment they were going to turn around and leave, but Caitlyn was stronger than that. She and her heavily pregnant friend walked behind Louise. As they passed, Caitlyn said, “Hi.” Could be to him, to Barker, or to both of them.
Louise seated the women at the same table where he and Caitlyn had eaten dinner last Saturday night. Seemed a lifetime ago. He watched her settle, then her gaze connected with his as though she, too, were remembering that first date. He wanted to go over there and pull her into his arms so badly it hurt. Then she transferred her attention to her friend and he turned back to his burger, which tasted like ashes in his mouth.
He left the Grill as soon as he could, taking a chunk of the beef in a paper napkin for his sidekick. He glanced Caitlyn’s way as he left and her gaze lifted to his for one painful moment before she returned her attention to her friend.
As he walked to his car he could not once recall feeling about Tessa the way he did about Caitlyn. He paused, stopped dead right in the middle of the Country Grill parking lot, as it hit him. He’d never been in love with Tessa.
And he was in love with Caitlyn.


Caitlyn refused to stare out the window and watch Evan walk to his car though it took all her will power.
Fortunately, Louise delivered their meals which kept her and Charlotte busy for a few moments.
“I’m so sorry,” Charlotte said, looking miserable. “I never thought he’d be here.”
“Of course you didn’t,” she replied, determined to sound cheerful. “It doesn’t matter. He’s gone now. And soon he’ll be gone from my town and I can move on.”
“I feel like running after him and jumping on him.” She glanced down at her own bulk. “And with all this extra weight, I’d flatten him.”
She couldn’t help but smile. “Keep your energy for something useful, like baby.” She forked up some of her spinach salad and then asked, “Have you picked out names?”
“We’re thinking of Lucy if it’s a girl, or Michael if it’s a boy.”
“Those are good names.”
They munched their food and chatted as old friends do, but while she kept her interested expression intact and the smile on her face, inside Caitlyn wanted to throw herself on the floor and wail.
When she dropped her friend off later, Charlotte reached out and patted her shoulder. “You know I’d hug you if I could. It’s going to be okay. A better man will come along.”
She nodded. “So true.”
But inside she didn’t believe it. Maybe scores of better men would come into her life, but she couldn’t imagine ever feeling this way about any of them.
When she drove up to her house, her heart jolted. A man and his dog were sitting out on her front porch. A very familiar man and his equally familiar dog. Her heart lurched for a moment, then she put her car carefully away in the garage, took her time walking through the house and finally opened the front door.
Evan stood there looking big and gorgeous and sad. She read the shadowed expression in his eyes. “Come in,” she said.
He strode inside, all restless and agitated. The dog, picking up the emotion, rushed up to her and butted his head against her knee until she bent down to pat him.
“I gave up my practice, my girlfriend, my whole life to fulfill these dreams I’ve had since I was a kid,” Evan said as though they were in the middle of an argument.
“I know,” she said, still patting the dog.
“You know I’d stay if I could,” he said.
“I do.”
He grabbed hold of the bannister as though he was going to pull it loose. “I think I’m in love with you.”
She nodded but didn’t speak.
He continued in his argumentative tone. “I think if a woman’s loved she has a right to know it. And a man should be strong enough to admit his feelings.”
It was almost as though he were ashamed of his soft feelings. She wanted to tell him that she loved him, too, but before she could say anything, the diatribe continued.
“I’ve only gone a couple hundred miles,” he practically shouted. “I’m supposed to be riding across the country, and I haven’t even crossed a state line yet.”
“I’m not trying to stop you.”
He stalked forward, hauled her up to her feet and glared at her. “You could come with me. Why not? Take a chance. We’ll hit the road together. We’d be unstoppable. We’ll be Bonnie and Clyde without the crime spree.”
She was oddly touched. “Oh, Evan, I can’t leave. I have patients. Commitments.”
“Hey, I thought I couldn't leave my job either. I was booked up for six months solid. Guess what I found out?”
She shook her head.
“Nobody’s indispensible. You think Clayton Willoughby wasn’t booked up for almost a year ahead when he dropped dead? Somebody stepped in. And when I left, somebody else stepped in. If you left—”
“Somebody else would step in. I know that. But I’m not interested in running away. This is my life. And I like it.”
“Just be certain it’s not so safe and comfortable that you’re hiding from life.”
“That’s not fair.”
“Isn’t it? It’s pretty clear that this was your safe place growing up. Your grandparents loved you and supported you and when things went south for you back east this is where you ran to. But I think you need to be very sure that you’re here because you want to be, not because you’re too scared to try something new.”
She thought of all the things she could retort, but he looked so miserable and she loved him so much, she opened her arms. He went straight to her, pulling her into him so they stood there, clinging. He kissed her as though that kiss would have to last him for the rest of his life.
She kissed him back as though she felt the same way.
“I have a cell phone,” he said, “You call me. Anytime.”
“I will. And you call me. Anytime.”
He looked as though he were being torn in two. The pull of the road beckoned him urgently forward. His love for her pulled him as strongly back toward her and everything she represented.
“I have to do this. You understand don’t you?”
“Of course I do.” But she wasn’t sure she did. “But have you ever thought that maybe what that list was urging you to do was live with integrity. Not have adventures every day, but to live each day as though it were an adventure.”
He stared down at her. “You know, you sound like my mother.”
Her lips curved when she saw his expression. “She must be a very wise woman.”
He let her go, paced a little more. “Maybe I’ll get my list completed and then I’ll come back.”
She smiled a little. “Maybe you will.”
He didn’t ask her to wait for him.
And she didn’t offer to wait, either.
After he left, she brewed a pot of tea, poured it into that foolish red mug Evan had bought her. Oregon is for lovers. She’d never look at it and not remember their time together.
She sat for a while thinking, the cat a soothing purring presence in her lap. Then she rose, putting the annoyed cat on the floor, and headed for her computer.
She wanted to call her grandparents but with the time difference it was much too late to call Florida.
Instead she wrote an email:
Dear Grandma and Grandpa,
I hope you’re well and keeping busy.
One of the reasons her grandparents had chosen the community they were in was for all the activities. There were swimming pools and yoga lessons, golf, fishing, outings of all kinds. For active, healthy young seniors it was perfect. Probably too perfect for them to consider her proposal.
Grandpa, you remember when you said you’d come back and take over the practice if I ever wanted a holiday? Well, I do. What do you think about coming back here for a couple of weeks.
She added some news she knew they’d both enjoy and then signed off.
She was optimistic enough that she did an internet search for Swim with Dolphins. And another for Hike the Grand Canyon.
Chapter Nineteen


Evan enlisted the help of Horace Freemason once more next morning when he got to the office. “Phyllis got hold of the notary, Susan Lang, and she’s agreed to meet with me, but I think it would be better if you came along. She probably remembers you.”
“Evan, I am not taking over your pro bono case when you ride off into the sunset. Don’t think it for a minute.”
“Of course not,” he said, doing his best to sound shocked at the idea. But they both knew it was exactly his intention.
Susan Lang was probably in her early seventies and had just returned from the gym when they met up with her in her apartment. She did remember Horace. Evan mentally patted himself on the back as she made them all coffee and the two chatted about old times. When he was able to get a word in, he introduced the reason for their visit.
Susan Lang frowned at her coffee. “It’s impossible to remember every document. Of course, I’ve got all my old files in storage.” She did not appear excited at the idea of delving into those old files.
Evan pulled out the copy of the deed. “Here’s the deed in question. Does it ring any bells?”
She rose and retrieved her reading glasses from a table in the living room where they were sitting atop a hardcover mystery novel. When she returned, she picked up the copy of the deed. She began to shake her head and then she stopped. “Trini Lopez?”
“Yes. Do you know him?”
She hesitated. “I don’t know him. But his name is familiar. One of my nephews…well, the connection isn’t important, but I would have remembered anything to do with that man.” Her tone suggested she was not a big fan of Mr. Lopez.
She read the entire document through a second time, then removed her glasses and leaned back. “I had a break in at my office. I’d have to go back to my old files to remember the exact dates. Nothing much was stolen, but the locks were damaged.” She tapped the paper with her finger. “I wonder if the real reason for the break in wasn’t theft, but access to my notary seal.”
Horace said, “You think Trini Lopez forged the deed?”
“Then took it to the county clerk’s office and had it recorded.”
Evan and Horace exchanged a glance.
“You’re sure about this, Susan?” Horace said. “You couldn’t have notarized this deed and forgotten it?”
“After what he put my family through, believe me I would never do business with that man. And I am quite willing to testify if it comes to that.”
She put her hands flat on the table and turned from one to the other. “Trini Lopez is a bad man and a bad influence in this community.”
The two lawyers waited until they were outside on the pavement to high five each other. Horace was as excited as he was. “Damn, that was smooth,” he said. “You know, if you ever decide to move to Miller’s Pond, I’d be happy to offer you partnership in my firm.”
“Thanks, Horace.”


He called and told Pilar the good news, unable to wait for their Spanish lesson. “Of course, it will still take a while. We’ll need a court date, but I’m pretty sure you’ll be in possession of your farm within a couple of months.
This time, when Merv called he wasn’t expecting it. “Your bike’s all ready,” the garage owner informed him.
“You mean you’ve got the part in?”
“Nope. I mean I’ve installed it. You’re good to go.”
“Okay. Thanks.”
He put down the phone and wondered why that call felt like bad news. He shook his head at his own foolishness.
Before he turned in the car, he took the mutt for a final run in the park and then he drove them to the shelter.
It was a clean, cheerful place, with large enclosures for the animals. A big cat sat on the counter and stared while Evan filled out the paperwork.
Homely did not love this place. He sat by the door, whining occasionally.
Evan felt terrible. He pulled out his wallet and made a large donation to the shelter. “What will happen to him?” he asked. “If he doesn’t get adopted, I mean.”
The woman looked surprised. “Of course he’ll be adopted. All he needs is a good grooming.” She pulled a dog treat from a bowl and walked over to the trembling dog. He might be unhappy, but Homely wasn’t about to turn down food. “We’re a no kill shelter,” she assured Evan. “He’ll be fine.”
Evan hefted the bag of dog food and the leash and food and water dishes onto the counter. He tried to tell the woman all the routines he and the dog had established in their short time together.
She listened politely but obviously the dog was going to have to conform to whatever routines this place enforced.
“Okay, Buddy.” He leaned down and petted the dog. “You’re going to be fine. You’ll get a good home.”
When he left he couldn’t stand to look back.


Evan felt the rattle of road beneath him, the roar of the engine, the wind in his face. Sometimes, when he was riding, he felt as though he were flying. It was just him, the wind, the endless road ahead of him. No distractions like in a car, no radio, no Bluetooth, no passengers. Just him and the road.
He should feel on top of the world. He was back on track after a week’s delay. He’d met some nice people, had an affair with a sexy, beautiful woman. Helped a homeless stray get to a shelter and helped a woman recover her rightful property. Now he needed to ride off, alone and unfettered, to the next town. The next adventure.
James Bond did it. Cool guys in adventure novels moved on to the next adventure all the time. They rode into town, solved the crime, foiled the plot, bedded the prettiest girl, and rode out again. Everyone understood. Especially the dame. You never saw the cool guys turning around to look back the way they’d come.
But he wasn’t James Bond. He was Evan Alexander Chance. And the farther down the road he got, the less interested he was in the next adventure. He wanted to be there when Barker escorted Trini Lopez off the farm and hopefully back to jail.
He wanted to be there when Pilar got her inheritance and when the rose tree bloomed again.
He found he didn’t want to be unfettered.
He travelled for forty miles or so. Then he pulled into a roadside diner. The waitress didn’t look like Lucille Ball. She didn’t call him by name. She poured a stream of coffee into a thick white cup that sat on a thick white saucer. The cream came in those little plastic cups that you had to peel open.
He watched the news on the TV for a while as he drank his coffee. He didn’t order a side of sausage. He had no dog.
After his coffee break he got back onto the bike again and headed for the road. Right would take him east toward adventure.
Left would take him back to Miller’s Pond.
He swore long and loud, and then he made the turn.


He hadn’t gone far when he came up behind an old Volvo. He was about to pass it when the car swerved out into the other lane. Then back again and onto the shoulder.
Drugs? Drink? Some idiot falling asleep at the wheel? Whatever was going on, Evan hung back to stay out of the erratic driver’s way.
For maybe ten miles he stayed behind the Volvo. For short periods everything would be fine and he’d think about overtaking. Then the bizarre swerving would start up again.
Fortunately there was so little traffic on this road that he and the driver of the Volvo were the only two in danger.
Then, suddenly, it swerved violently into the shoulder and lurched to a gravel-spewing stop.
Good. The driver was either stopping to snooze, puke or shoot up, he figured. He pulled out his cell phone. He ought to call the cops and get this idiot off the road. But, of course, there was no reception on this lonely road. He drove slowly past, looking into the driver’s side window, curious to see what was going on.
And discovered all his guesses had been wrong.
The person in the driver’s side didn’t look tired or drunk or on drugs. She looked sick. And terrified.
And familiar.
He pulled over in front of the Volvo.
The woman was Caitlyn’s friend. What was her name again? Charmaine? No. Charlotte. That was it. And, he recalled she was both pregnant and a hypochondriac.
He walked up to her window. It was open. She was hunched over the steering wheel making grunting noises.
He waited a moment until she eased back into her seat, her eyes closed, sweat standing out in beads on her forehead and said, softly so as not to startle her. “Charlotte?”
She opened her eyes and stared at him.
“It’s Evan. I’m Caitlyn’s friend. What’s up?”
“Oh, thank God,” she said.
And then spoke words that struck terror into his very soul.
“I think I’m having the baby.”


Work could get her through most anything. Caitlyn had discovered that fact early in her life. When nothing she did was good enough and she was constantly criticized and compared unfavorably with other kids, she discovered the ability to lose herself in work, whether it was studying, music, athletics. If she had total focus, her problems faded into the background.
That same work ethic would pull her through heartbreak. She knew it would. She simply had to focus.
Her clinic was busy, which was excellent. No time to mope.
She’d seen fourteen patients so far and she knew there were half a dozen people in the waiting room. She was writing a prescription for antibiotics for Mrs. Lamb who was suffering through her annual bout with bronchitis when her nurse knocked on the door.
Jen was pretty well trained. Like most doctor’s receptionists she was a fierce gate keeper. So, for her to bang on the door while Caitlyn had a patient meant something serious was up.
“Come in,” she said.
Jen peeked her head around the corner of the door. “I’m sorry to bother you, Doctor,” she said, with a small nod to Mrs. Lamb, “but there’s a phone call I think you need to take.” She was too well-trained to give out any information about one patient while another was in ear shot, so Caitlyn had no idea what was going on, only that Jen believed it was important.
“Thank you. I’ll take it in my office.”
To Mrs. Lamb, she handed the prescription and said, “You know the drill. Take all the pills. Get as much rest as you can, drink plenty of hot fluids, and come and see me in a week if you don’t feel better.”
“Thank you, Doc,” the woman said, and then rose, breaking into a spasm of coughing as she headed out the door.
Caitlyn slipped out of the examination room and into her office next door. She picked up the blinking line on the phone. “Caitlyn Sorenson.”
“Cait, It’s Doug. I’m looking for Charlotte.” Doug was Charlotte’s husband.
What did he think she was, a babysitter? A spurt of irritation splashed through her, and then she forced it down.
“She’s not here.”
“I know. That’s what Jen said. But she was on her way to you more than an hour ago. She dropped me off at the airport. She was having more of those Braxton Hicks thingies. But she really didn’t look so good. She promised me she’d drive straight over to you. But I can’t get her on her cell. She’s not at home. She’s not with you.” His voice cracked with strain. “Where the hell is she?”
“I’m sure she’s fine,” she said soothingly. But there were a lot of spots on the road between Miller’s Pond and the airport where a distracted woman could go off the road. And her due date was only two weeks away.
“I hated leaving her. This is my last trip before the baby’s due. I don’t know, there was something wrong. I never should have got on that plane. If anything happens to her, I’ll never forgive myself.”
“I’m sure she’s fine,” she said again, though in truth she was starting to worry too. “You’re certain she didn't plan to stop and go shopping or visit a friend or—”
“No. I’m telling you. She was having a strange pain in her lower abdomen and the Braxton Hicks things were really bothering her. You know how she is, she always thinks something’s wrong, but this time I think it really might have been.”
“Doug, do you think your wife could be in labor?”
“But it’s too early. The baby’s not due for two weeks.” He sounded like his panic level had gone from a two to a ten in a nanosecond.
“She probably had the sense to drive herself straight to the hospital.”
“Then why isn’t she picking up her cell?”
“If she’s in labor, she won’t--.”
“If she’s in the hospital, they’d phone me. I’m calling Chief Barker right away. Somebody better look for her.”
“Okay. I think that’s a good idea.” She pictured her waiting room and the people in it. There was nothing that couldn't be rescheduled. “I’ll head out to look for her too.”
“Hey, I know you’ve got patients. It’s okay.”
“Doug, she’s not only my patient. She’s my best friend.”
Chapter Twenty


“I can’t have the baby in my car!” Charlotte wailed.
Evan tried to be calm, but the cowardly part of him wished he’d never turned his head as he drove by the Volvo. However, he was here now and he’d do the best he could. Acting a hell of a lot calmer than he felt was the first step. “I think the baby is calling the shots.”
“But Doug’s not here. He’s supposed to give me ice chips and help me breathe.” She grabbed her huge belly as though she wanted to maybe move it over to the passenger seat. “We practiced.”
Rapidly, Evan reviewed his options. “Why don’t I drive you to the hospital?” he said. Babies were born in hospital. Unless you were alternative like his mom, then they were born at home. But still, there were trained midwives and a plan B if anything went wrong. Plan B always involved going to the hospital.
A cry ripped from between her lips. “I don’t think there’s time.”
He knew she was a hypochondriac because he’d heard Caitlyn’s side of the calls. He suspected if he could help her out of the driver’s side he could lay her down in the back seat and head to the hospital.
He had no idea where the hospital was, but as soon as he hit cell service he’d be calling Caitlyn. Together they’d figure this out.
“Come on,” he said gently, “Let’s get you lying down.”
“I want Doug,” she wailed.
“Believe me, so do I.” But he said the words under his breath.
She managed to get her feet on the ground and then he helped her to her feet. To his horror, as she stood, dribbles of water rained down like she was peeing her pants.
“When did your water break?” he asked, holding it together as best he could.
Instead of answering, she turned and hung on to the car roof, bending and panting. He checked his watch. The contraction lasted more than a minute. She pulled away from the roof, a little calmer. He got the feeling that she was going inward and part of her wasn’t even aware of where they were.
“Okay,” he said gently, opening the rear door. “Let’s get you lying down.”
She hadn’t even made it into the back seat when the next contraction hit. He glanced at his watch. It was only a minute since the last one. And this one lasted almost two minutes.
He felt sweat prickle his underarms. He glanced up and down the road. Where the hell was everybody? Anybody. One car, long haul trucker, a kid on a skateboard who could carry a message. Anybody. But there was no one in sight.
Evan had to accept the fact that there was an extremely good chance he was about to help deliver a baby.
The woman in the back was panting. He found he was panting too.
Why hadn’t he paid more attention when his mom was giving birth? He tried to think about what was essential. Cleanliness. That had to be first. He couldn’t boil water or access anything sterile.
He tried to think. Hand sanitizer. He bet Charlotte was a woman who carried hand sanitizer. He didn’t bother her, but found her purse on the passenger side floor. Sure enough, inside was a bottle of the stuff.
He began to grow calm knowing that he and this woman were going to have to work with that baby to bring it out into the world.
She coated his hands with the sanitizer and took it around to where she was on her back, still panting. “I need to sit up,” she cried. “Hurts too much lying down.”
“Okay,” he said. “Anything you want.” He began to reach in and grasp her hands. He was so focused that he didn’t even hear the other car until he heard a banging car door and the most incredible sound ever. Caitlyn’s voice crying, “I’m here. Is she okay?”
He turned to her and felt in that moment that they were an incredible team and that they could do anything.
“She’s great,” Evan announced, knowing Charlotte could hear him. Loud and cheerful, he said, “Contractions are a minute apart. Her water’s broken.”
Clearly, this wasn’t good news.
But Caitlyn was there, with a reassuring-looking bag of medical supplies and carrying with her a calm that he could barely fake.
“Caitlyn,” Charlotte whispered. “Thank God.”
Caitlyn took a second to hug her friend, which seemed to calm her down. “You’re having a baby!”
To his amazement the laboring woman grinned. “I sure am.”
“Let me give you a quick exam. If we’ve got time we’ll get you to the hospital.”
The cry that emerged from Charlotte’s throat had Caitlyn glancing at Evan with concern. She waited until the worst had passed then quickly knelt, put her hands under Charlotte’s soggy maternity dress and began to feel around.
“I can feel the head!” she exclaimed as though it was great news.
To Evan she said, “No time for the hospital. Here’s what I need you to do. Get behind her. Hold her up and support her as best you can. She and I will do the rest.”
“Doug, Doug, Doug’s supposed to help me breathe.”
She and Evan exchanged glances. “Evan will help you breathe.”
What? He glanced at her in panic.
Charlotte did not seem enamored with that idea. “Did you take Lamaze?”
“I don’t think so.”
“I’m going home,” Charlotte said. Like that was seriously an option. “I’ll have the baby tomorrow.”
“It’s okay. Everything’s fine. You’re in transition,” Caitlyn said, soothing both of them. “Evan, hold Charlotte’s hand and remind her to breathe when the contractions are intense. You’ll be fine.”
He figured at least if he was up supporting Charlotte’s back and holding her hand and reminding her to breathe he didn’t have to get involved in whatever mysterious and terrifying thing was happening down there.
“I want ice chips. I want to go to the hospital. I want Doug.”
For the next ten minutes, Evan felt like all of them were in Hell. Or a battle of some kind. There was wailing, and encouragement, and pain and blood and this strange sense of a mission that the three of them were involved in. A life and death mission.
Then Caitlyn said, “I need you to pant. You’re going to want to push, but don’t push. Not until I tell you.”
Charlotte made horrible grunting sounds, her body twisting.
Evan held her hand and let her squeeze the life out of his fingers. “You are so brave,” he said to Charlotte and he’d never meant words more. Why did anybody do this? And what woman in her right mind had more than one kid?
“Okay,” Caitlyn said. She was squatting on the gravel beside the car, with Charlotte forward so her butt was at the edge of the seat. “On the next contraction, push as much as you want.”
Charlotte did. Noisily, painfully, but she did it.
“Great. The head’s out. Oh, baby has lots of hair. Now, on the next contraction, we’ll get the rest of baby out. You can do this Charlotte, one more time.”
He didn’t think Charlotte had that much strength left. She was limp from the last contraction, but suddenly she was pushing back against him, squeezing his hand so he thought the bones would break and then he saw Caitlyn wobble. She almost fell back onto the gravel, but righted herself. In her arms was a squirmy mass of muck.
And then a tiny indignant cry pierced the air. It sounded like a seagull being chased away from a lunch bag.
“My baby,” Charlotte cried, all her tiredness gone.
Caitlyn rose and leaned forward, handing the squirmy mess to its mother. “My baby boy,” Charlotte cried, holding the baby against her.
Caitlyn was already clamping the umbilical cord. All her movements rapid and efficient. “Doug was going to cut the cord,” Charlotte said, her voice wobbling with emotion. “They promised him he could.”
“He’ll be here for your next baby,” Evan said, giving the brave woman a hug.
Of course, the ordeal wasn’t over until she pushed out the afterbirth, all of which Caitlyn packed into a bag to take with them to the hospital.
“Can you drive Charlotte’s car to the hospital? I’ll take my own car and bring you back to your bike later.”
“Yes. Of course. You go first so I can follow. I don’t know where the hospital is.”
She touched his arm. “Okay. You did good.”
While Caitlyn spent a few more minutes with the new mom and baby, he got the new car seat out of the trunk and installed it. He was more than happy to have a manly job.
When everyone was buckled in, he drove as fast as he could. He knew they’d all feel much better when that poor kid got checked out and Charlotte was given some proper post birth care.
Chapter Twenty-One


“Everything’s fine,” Caitlyn said, coming toward him, where he paced the hospital waiting room. She wore a huge, relieved smile. He’d helped Charlotte inside the hospital while Caitlyn had carried the baby. Since Caitlyn had phoned ahead, there was a wheelchair and attendant already waiting for Charlotte and a team of people swooped on her and the baby, then everybody swiftly disappeared. Before Caitlyn followed, she said, “I’ll be a little while. I can find somebody to drive you back to your bike.”
He shook his head. He’d come too far to walk away now. “I’ll wait. Let me know how things turn out.”
He’d probably waited an hour, unable to settle, drinking bad coffee out of a machine for something to do, pacing.
“Thank God,” he said, when she appeared at last with the good news. He couldn't help himself. He pulled her in and hugged her. “Thank God,” he said again.
She pulled away from him. “I have never delivered a child on a roadside before.”
“Me neither.”
She chuckled. “Charlotte wants to see you.”
“Okay.”
Together they walked down a linoleum hallway smelling of disinfectant. The walls were a pale yellow and wheelchairs, rolling hospital beds, equipment whose purpose he couldn’t guess at, littered the edges of the halls like randomly parked vehicles on a highway.
She led him to an elevator and they rode up a couple of floors. Here the atmosphere was brighter. The walls were a kind of purple, as though somebody mixed together blue for a boy and pink for a girl and came up with this. There were posters about breastfeeding and corkboards crammed with photos of newborns and proud new families.
“I should have brought flowers,” he said suddenly. “There’s probably a gift store here.”
She patted his arm. “You helped a woman birth a baby today. So much better than flowers.”
He beamed at her. “Yeah. I did. And so did you. Does this feeling ever get old?”
She shook her head. Her eyes shining. “Never.”
Then she was knocking gently on an open door and they walked in. Charlotte was settled in a hospital bed wearing a blue cotton gown, looking stunned and proud and exhausted all at once. The baby – looking a whole lot less gross now somebody had cleaned him up and wrapped him in a blue baby blanket – was suckling at her breast sounding like a washing machine cycle. That kid could suck.
Charlotte reached her free hand out to him and he stepped toward her and took it. “Thank you,” she said. “I think you might have saved both our lives.”
“No. You were doing fine. And Doc was on her way.”
“I was so panicked, I don’t know. I might have tried to drive or something.” She shuddered. “Anyway, I called Doug. He’s so happy. He’s on his way back right now.” She sucked in a breath. “I asked him and he agreed. We’re calling the baby after you. Because you were there when we needed you. Evan? Meet Evan.”
“Wow. That’s—“ He didn’t know what to say. He was so stunned. A lump of emotion suddenly tried to choke him. He cleared his throat to loosen it. “I’m honored. Thank you.”
“That was a lucky thing you recognized Charlotte when you were coming from the other direction,” Caitlyn said. “Such a stroke of luck.”
Charlotte’s attention was back on her suckling child, her expression one of overwhelming bliss. She cupped her hand to her baby’s tiny head as though she couldn’t believe it was there.
“He wasn’t coming the other way,” she said, looking down at her little one. “He was behind me on the road. Luckily for me he pulled over to help me instead of driving past.”
“You were behind her?” She could figure the basic geography as well as anyone. He and Charlotte were on the road heading into Miller’s Pond. Not away from it.
He nodded. “I was coming back.”
For a moment she couldn’t breathe. “Did you forget something?”
“Yeah.” He stepped forward and put his hands on her shoulders. “I’ve got a great dog. I had to come back for him.”
“Man’s best friend,” she agreed.
His smile was gentle and intimate. “And I have a job offer.”
“A job? In Miller’s Pond?”
He nodded.
“That’s good, too.”
“But most of all, I was coming back for you.”
He kissed her and she leaned into him. Then she said, “Make sure you negotiate lots of holidays in this new job of yours.”
“Holidays?”
“Yes. I’ve got a pretty reliable physician who’s promised to cover for me when I’m away. He knows the patients very well since he used to be the doctor here.”
“You don’t say?”
“I do say. If a person were planning say, to swim with dolphins, or hike the Grand Canyon, I know he’d be happy to take over the practice.” She huffed in a shuddery breath. “I was going to call you tonight and tell you I’d be joining you as soon as I could get away. I want to do all of those things on your list with you.”
He cocked his head suddenly. “Do you hear that?”
She had no idea what she was listening for. She could hear the baby suckling, the usual sounds of a hospital, beeping machines and muffled voices in the halls.
He was laughing down at her. Then he pointed to the window. “It’s raining.”
Still holding her hand, he turned to Charlotte. “Good luck with everything. Goodbye little Evan.” And then he pulled her out of the room and down the hall.
When they got to the main floor he dragged her outside. She was laughing, even as the rain began to pelt her. “I don’t have a coat or an—“ He stopped her protests by kissing her. Long and deep. She melted into him, put her arms around him. She felt the rain plopping onto her hair, felt it wet on Evan’s leather jacket.
“I did it,” he said at last. “I kissed a girl in the rain.”


TWO WEEKS LATER

“Evan?” She yelled from the kitchen.
“What?” He bellowed back. He was trying to train the dog to use the cat door. Henry wasn’t too interested.
Since he’d called the dog Homely for so long, it would only answer to similar names. She put her foot down on calling a living creature Homely. They tried Homer, but the dog turned up its nose. They tried Tony. The dog yawned and put its head in its paws.
“How about Howie?” she’d suggested and Cleo had made exactly the sound a cat would make if it could laugh its ass off.
Finally, she called, “Henry,” and the dog trotted over, wagging its tail.
“You can’t call a dog Henry,” Evan protested. “All the other dogs will make fun of it.”
“Unlike Homely,” she said drily.
She got her way, of course.
Now, she was standing in front of the list taped to her fridge. It was titled: Evan and Caitlyn’s Amazing Life List. Over the past couple of weeks they’d both added to the list. She’d added a felucca trip down the Nile with a stop to see the pyramids. He’d scrawled in Everest base camp. She suspected he was trying to impress her.
But the thing that had her yelling for him was that she’d removed the scrawled, much annotated piece of foolscap from the fridge and typed it up on her computer, printing out a neat copy. And Evan had scrawled all over her neat work.
“Can you come in here?”
He strode into the kitchen and the sight of him made her heart trip. She had a feeling it always would. “What is it?”
“You made a mess of my neat list.”
“First, an Amazing Life List is a fluid document. It’s not instructions on how to remove a gall bladder. You don’t need numbered subheadings.”
“But surely, Zanzibar is a sub-heading for climbing Kilimanjaro, since you’d do both on the same trip.”
“Stop organizing the damn list!” he yelled.
“Fine.” She grabbed a pen. A pen! “Fine.” She penned an item at the bottom of the page. “Have a baby.” Perhaps she didn’t want a child right this second, but it was a definite goal on her part of the Amazing Life List.
He crossed the room and plucked the pen from her hand.
Before her astonished eyes, he crossed her entry out.
“What do you think you’re doing? If I want a baby, I’ll have a baby. Nobody’s asking you to be the daddy.” Except that she could not think of another man who she’d want for the job.
He was busy with the pen and didn’t answer. Then he stood back and let her look.
“I’m not going to be like my hippy parents,” he said. “I want to do things in the right order.”
Where he’d crossed out Have a Baby, he’d penned in Get Married. And under that, he’d rewritten the words, “Have a baby.”
She turned to look at him and saw everything she’d ever wanted staring right back at her.
“This list was a great idea.”
“And it’s going to be an amazing life,” he promised her, coming closer and pulling her into his arms.
“It already is,” she said as she raised her face for his kiss.


The End
If you enjoyed KISS A GIRL IN THE RAIN,
take a look at these other books in the Take a Chance series:



IRIS IN BLOOM
Take a Chance, Book Two

Iris Chance is turning 33. She’s an independent woman, the owner of the Sunflower Coffee and Tea Company in Hidden Falls, Oregon. Hidden Falls boasts clean air, natural beauty, good neighbors. The only problem is that there are zero interesting single men and Iris wants a baby. She’d love the whole package -- the love story, the sexy romance with a hero who will sweep her off her feet, but she doesn’t have time to wait for Mr. Right. He may lose his way and never show up. She decides to start a family with the help of a sperm bank, knowing she’ll have her large family to support and encourage her as a single mom. When the new High School English teacher, Geoff McLeod, walks into her café and into her life he seems perfect. There’s only one problem…

Geoff McLeod never imagined his wife would end their six- year marriage with a text message. Reeling from her betrayal, he moves to Hidden Falls to teach English and Creative Writing. He’s got zero interest in women or dating until he meets Iris Chance, the intriguing woman who bakes the best Morning Glory muffins he’s ever tasted. He can’t imagine starting his day without stopping in on his way to work for coffee and a muffin and to see the sexiest woman who ever donned an apron.

Iris is oldest girl in a family of eleven kids. She’s always been the stand-in mother to her younger siblings. She’s got so used to looking out for other people and listening to their problems that she’s become the confidante and unofficial therapist of half the town. She can see that the new English teacher has some emotional baggage dragging along behind him. He looks like he can use a friend and Iris has never been able to turn away from someone in pain. She’s prepared to be his friend, but she would never get involved with someone who is still officially married.

When her matchmaking mother invites the new English teacher to her birthday party everyone begins to wonder whether this will be a friends to lovers tale.

In this contemporary romantic comedy about a small town girl who longs for a family, but has never entirely trusted she deserved a happy ending, two lonely people learn that sometimes love comes when you least expect it.

A sexy, humorous, contemporary romance, Iris in Bloom is the perfect beach read, or a romance novel to while away a rainy afternoon.

Iris in Bloom is the second book in the Take a Chance series, but the books can be read in any order.





BLUEPRINT FOR A KISS
Take a Chance, Book Three

You can design a perfect life, then a woman comes along and messes it all up!

Prescott Chance is the go-to architect for the wealthy and famous, which has made him more wealthy and famous than he's ever wanted to be. He turns down more commissions than he accepts and is extremely private. Holly Legere is barely making ends meet between rent and student loans. As an assistant to Alistair Rupert, the notoriously difficult industrialist, she works night and day for slave wages, hanging on in hopes of a promised promotion in his huge organization. When Alistair Rupert's wife decides she wants a Prescott Chance designed house, and Prescott turns her down, it's Holly's job to make the choosy architect change his mind. And Holly is a very determined woman. In this modern romantic comedy, she'll go to any lengths to get him to design her boss a house, including pulling in his huge family for support. This is the third book in the Take a Chance series, though the books stand alone.





CHANCE ENCOUNTER
Take a Chance, Prequel

Daphne and Jack meet on a Greyhound bus heading north from California. The year is 1976 and Daphne is a pregnant teenager. Jack is a guy in search of a future. For these two lost souls, this is a ride that will change their lives and begin a dynasty. This is a prequel to the Take a Chance series about the eleven kids Jack and Daphne will collect over the years and the paths each member of this very untraditional family, will take as they, in turn, fall in love.
Other Books by Nancy Warren




Border Collie Christmas
A Romance in Four Seasons - Book One

When Erin Nash hears a baby crying outside her door on a cold December night, the baby she discovers is a lost puppy with a red, and very wet and dirty, Christmas bow still hanging around its neck. When she attempts to unite the dog with his owner, she meets Jared a man trying to raise a-five-year old daughter, Sadie, alone. Jared begins to rethink the wisdom of getting his daughter a puppy for Christmas. She’s already lost her mother, what if she lost the puppy as well? As Erin and Jarad get to know each other, one small Border Collie with a big personality and no name, begins to unite two hurting people.




A Dog Named Cupid
A Romance in Four Seasons - Book Two

Jared Gardiner has an engagement ring burning a hole in his pocket and Valentine's Day is the date he's chosen to propose to the woman he loves, jewelry designer Erin Nash. When the dog who brought them together, a puppy appropriately named Cupid, gets sprayed by a skunk, Jared discovers that's not the worst thing that can happen to a man on Valentine's Day.
Erin Nash is in love with a wonderful man, has a design business that is thriving and realizes that after some tragedy in her life, she’s found contentment. Trust a man to screw that up! 

Why can’t Jared leave things as they are?

When Jared’s six-year-old daughter Sadie hears that Erin isn’t going to be her stepmother after all, she decides to take matters into her own small hands. With some help from the canine Cupid.




A Midsummer Night’s Wedding
A Romance in Four Seasons - Book Three

It's summertime in the small town of Kaslo, Washington and Erin Nash and Jared Gardiner are getting married. It's only going to be a small wedding, forty guests, and a tiny wedding party: Erin, her step-daughter to be Sadie as the flower girl, Cupid the Border collie as the ring bearer and Jared and his best man. What could possibly go wrong?

Erin might have ideas about her ceremony, but her mother has much bigger plans for her only daughter’s wedding. If she can’t move the wedding to the Waldorf Astoria in New York she’ll do her best to bring a Waldorf type wedding to Kaslo including 150 extra guests.

Suddenly, Erin has a wedding planner she never hired, a husband-to-be acting strange, and she and Sadie are rewriting fairy tales about wicked stepmothers.

Don’t Miss the Next Installment:
A Kaslo Thanksgiving




The Christmas Grandma Ran Away from Home

Long time widow Sandy Forbes is breaking out this Christmas. In her 71 years on earth she has stuffed and cooked 55 Christmas turkeys, baked hundreds of pies, turned out thousands of shortbread cookies and hoisted enough pine trees in her living room to reforest the Amazon.

Her family love her. They come to her for every occasion, eating, drinking, squabbling and then leaving her with a mass of dishes and crumpled holiday wrap. But this is the year everything changes. When she wants someone else to take over for one year, the family lays a big guilt trip on her and Grandma rebels. Sandy’s giving herself a gift this Christmas. She’s running away from home for the holidays.
About the Author




Nancy Warren is the USA Today bestselling author of more than fifty novels. She continues to write for Harlequin Blaze as well as writing Indie books. Nancy is known for her sexy, humorous stories. She lives in the Pacific Northwest though she tends to wander. She is an avid hiker, a lover of good chocolate, good wine, and good stories.

Sign up for Nancy’s Newsletter to keep up with her new releases and insider information she shares only with her newsletter subscribers. Subscribers also receive the chocolate chip cookie recipe from The Christmas Grandma Ran Away from Home.

Sign up through her website at www.nancywarren.net

Get in Contact with Nancy at:
www.facebook.com/nancy.warren.9655
twitter.com/NancyWarren1
